Extraterrestrial sky

In astronomy, an extraterrestrial sky is a view of outer space from the surface of a planet (or related body in space) other than Earth.

The only extraterrestrial sky that has been directly observed and photographed by astronauts is that of the Moon. The skies of Venus, Mars and Titan have been observed by space probes designed to land on the surface and send images back to Earth.

Extraterrestrial skies seem to vary because of a number of reasons. An extraterrestrial atmosphere, if present, has a large bearing on visible characteristics. The atmosphere's density and chemical composition can contribute to differences in color, opacity (including haze) and the presence of clouds. Astronomical objects may also be visible and can include natural satellites, rings, star systems and nebulas and other planetary system bodies.

For skies that have not been directly or indirectly observed, their appearance can be simulated based on known factors, such as the position of astronomical objects relative to the surface and atmospheric composition.

Because Mercury has little or no atmosphere, a view of the planet's skies would be no different from viewing space from orbit. Mercury has a southern pole star, Alpha Pictoris. It is fainter than Earth's Polaris in the constellation Ursa Minor.

On average, the visible diameter of the Sun on Mercury is 2.5 times as large as it appears from Earth, and its total brightness is more than 6 times as great. Because of the planet's orbit, the Sun's apparent diameter in the sky would vary from 2.2 times that from Earth to 3.2 times. The sun would be over ten-times brighter.

Due to its slow rotation, a day on Mercury lasts around 176 Earth days.

After the Sun, the second-brightest object in the Mercurian sky is Venus, which is much brighter there than for observers on Earth.

The Earth and the Moon are also very prominent in the sky of Mercury. and −1.2, respectively. All other planets are visible just as they are on Earth, but somewhat less bright at opposition.

The atmosphere of Venus is so thick that the Sun cannot be easily seen in the daytime sky, and the stars are not visible at night. Color images taken by the space probes suggest that the sky on Venus is orange. If the Sun could be seen from Venus's surface, the time from one sunrise to the next would be about 117 Earth days. Because of the rotation of Venus, the Sun would appear to rise in the west and set in the east.

An observer above the clouds of Venus would circle the planet in about four Earth days, and see a sky in which the Earth and the Moon shine brightly. Mercury would also be easy to spot, because it is closer and brighter, and because its maximum elongation from the Sun is considerably larger than when observed from Earth.

The Moon's atmosphere is very thin so its sky is always black, as in the case of Mercury. However, the Sun is so bright that it is impossible to see stars during the daytime, unless the observer is well shielded from sunlight.

The Sun looks the same from the Moon as it does from Earth's orbit, somewhat brighter than it does from the Earth's surface, and colored pure white, due to the lack of scattering and absorption in its very thin atmosphere.

Due to the position and orbit of the moon, the Sun nearly always takes the same path through the Moon's sky over the course of a year. As a result, there are craters and valleys near the Moon's poles that never receive direct sunlight, and there may exist mountains and hilltops that are never in shadow.

Among the most prominent features of the Moon's sky is Earth. Earth shows phases, just like the Moon does for observers on Earth. The phases, however, are opposite; when the observer on Earth sees the full Moon, the lunar observer sees a "new Earth", and vice versa. The full Earth glows over 50 times brighter than the full Moon at its brightest for the observer on Earth. Earth light reflected on the Moon's darker half is bright enough to be visible from Earth, and is known as known as earthshine.

As a result of the Moon's rotation, one side of the Moon (the "near side") is permanently turned towards Earth, and the other side, the "far side", mostly cannot be seen from Earth. This means, conversely, that Earth can be seen only from the near side of the Moon and would always be invisible from the far side.

Earth and the Sun sometimes meet in the lunar sky, causing an eclipse. On Earth, one would see a lunar eclipse, when the Moon passes through the Earth's shadow; meanwhile on the Moon, one would see a solar eclipse, when the Sun goes behind the Earth. Since the apparent diameter of the Earth is four times as large as that of the Sun, the Sun would be hidden behind the Earth for hours. Earth's atmosphere would be visible as a reddish ring.

Solar eclipse shadows, when the Moon blocks sunlight to the Earth, on the other hand, would not be as spectacular for observers on the Moon viewing the Earth: the Moon's umbra nearly tapers out at the Earth's surface. A blurry dark patch would be barely visible. The effect would be comparable to the shadow of a golf ball cast by sunlight on an object away. Observers on the Moon with telescopes might be able to discern the umbral shadow as a black spot at the center of a less dark region (penumbra) traveling across the full Earth's disk. It would look essentially the same as it does to the Deep Space Climate Observatory, which orbits Earth at the L1 Lagrangian point in the Sun-Earth system, from Earth.

In summary, whenever an eclipse of some sort is occurring on Earth, an eclipse of another sort is occurring on the Moon. Eclipses occur for observers on both Earth and the Moon whenever the two bodies and the Sun align in a straight line.

Mars has only a thin atmosphere; however, it is extremely dusty, and there is much light that is scattered about. The sky is thus rather bright during the daytime and stars are not visible.

Capturing accurate color images from Mars's surface is difficult. For many years, the sky on Mars was thought to be more pinkish than it is now believed to be.

It is now known that during the Martian day, the sky is a butterscotch color. Around sunset and sunrise, the sky is rose in color, but in the vicinity of the setting Sun it is blue. This is the opposite of the situation on Earth. Twilight lasts a long time after the Sun has set and before it rises because of the dust high up in the atmosphere of Mars.

On Mars, the red color of the sky is caused by the presence of iron(III) oxide in the airborne dust particles. These particles are larger in size than gas molecules, so most of the light is scattered. Dust absorbs blue light and scatters longer wavelengths (red, orange, yellow).

The Sun as seen from Mars is about as large as seen from Earth, and shines 40% of the light, approximately the brightness of a slightly cloudy afternoon on Earth.

Mars has two small moons: Phobos and Deimos. From the Martian surface, Phobos is one-third to one-half the size of the Sun, while Deimos is barely more than a dot.

Due to its orbit, Phobos rises in the west and sets in the east. Deimos rises in the east and sets in the west, like a "normal" moon, although its appearance to the naked eye would be star-like. Phobos and Deimos can both eclipse the Sun as seen from Mars, although neither can completely cover its disk and so the event is in fact a transit, rather than an eclipse.

The Earth is visible from Mars as a double star; the Moon would be visible alongside it as a fainter companion.
Venus as seen from Mars would have an apparent magnitude of about −3.2.

Compared with their view from Earth, the outer planets (Jupiter, Saturn, Uranus and Neptune) would appear slightly brighter during opposition, but slightly dimmer during conjunction.

From Phobos, Mars appears 6,400 times larger and 2,500 times brighter than the full Moon as seen from Earth. From Deimos, Mars appears 1,000 times larger and 400 times brighter than the full Moon as seen from Earth.
The asteroid belt is sparsely populated and most asteroids are very small, so that an observer situated on one asteroid would be unlikely to be able to see another without the aid of a telescope. Some asteroids that cross the orbits of planets may occasionally get close enough to a planet or asteroid so that an observer from that asteroid can make out the disc of the nearby object without the aid of binoculars or a telescope.

Although no images from within Jupiter's atmosphere have ever been taken, artistic representations typically assume that the planet's sky is blue, though dimmer than Earth's, because the sunlight there is on average 27 times fainter, at least in the upper reaches of the atmosphere. The planet's narrow rings might be faintly visible from latitudes above the equator. Further down into the atmosphere, the Sun would be obscured by clouds and haze of various colors, most commonly blue, brown, and red. Although theories abound on the cause of the colors, there is currently no clear answer.

From Jupiter, the Sun appears to be less than a quarter of its size as seen from Earth.

Aside from the Sun, the most prominent objects in Jupiter's sky are the four Galilean moons. Io, the nearest to the planet, would be slightly larger than the full moon in Earth's sky, though less bright, and would be the largest moon in the Solar System as seen from Jupiter. The higher brightness of Europa would not overcome its greater distance from Jupiter, so it would not outshine Io. Ganymede, the largest moon and third from Jupiter, is almost as bright as Io and Europa, but appears only half the size of Io. Callisto, further out, would appear only a quarter the size of Io.
None of the surface features on Jupiter's moons would appear as prominent as the lunar maria do when the Moon is viewed from Earth. Dark and light patches would be visible on Io's surface due to the coloration of sulfur that covers Io, and the largest volcanoes would be designated by dark points, but the lack of large, contrasting features results in a poor view of it. Europa, however, would appear as a completely featureless white disc. Even when viewed from nearby, most spacecraft images use contrast enhancements to clearly show the cracks in the Europan ice. Vague dark and light patches would be visible on Ganymede, whereas Callisto is much too distant for any features to be made out.

All four Galilean moons stand out because of the swiftness of their motion, compared to the Moon. They are all also large enough to fully eclipse the Sun.

Jupiter's small inner moons appear only as star-like points except Amalthea, which can occasionally appear as large as Callisto. However, they would all be brighter than any star. The outer moons would be invisible except for Himalia, which would appear as a dim, star-like point to the naked eye only under favorable circumstances.

None of Jupiter's moons have more than traces of atmosphere, so their skies are black or very nearly so. For an observer on one of the moons, the most prominent feature of the sky by far would be Jupiter.

Because the inner moons of Jupiter are in synchronous rotation around Jupiter, the planet always appears in nearly the same spot in their skies. Observers on the sides of the Galilean satellites facing away from the planet would never see Jupiter, for instance.

From the moons of Jupiter, solar eclipses caused by the Galilean satellites would be spectacular, because an observer would see the circular shadow of the eclipsing moon travel across Jupiter's face.

The sky in the upper reaches of Saturn's atmosphere is blue, but the predominant color of its cloud decks suggests that it may be yellowish further down. The rings of Saturn are almost certainly visible from the upper reaches of its atmosphere. The rings are so thin that from a position on Saturn's equator, they would be almost invisible. However, from anywhere else on the planet, they could be seen as a spectacular arc stretching across half the celestial hemisphere.

Saturn's moons would not look particularly impressive in its sky, as most are fairly small, and the largest are a long way from the planet. Even Titan, the largest moon of Saturn, appears only half the size of Earth's moon. In fact, Titan is the dimmest of Saturn's large moons due to its great distance and dimness; Mimas, Enceladus, Tethys, Dione, and Rhea are all brighter. Most of the inner moons would appear as bright, star-like points (with the exception of Janus), although most would shine brighter than any star. None of the outer moons would be visible except Phoebe which would be very dim.

Since the inner moons of Saturn are all in synchronous rotation, the planet always appears in the same spot in their skies. Observers on the sides of those satellites facing away from the planet would never see Saturn. In the skies of Saturn's inner moons, Saturn is an enormous object.

Saturn's rings would not be prominent from most of the moons. This is because the rings, though wide, are not very thick. The rings are edge-on and practically invisible from the inner moons. From the outer moons, starting with Iapetus, a more oblique view of the rings would be available, although the greater distance would make Saturn appear smaller in the sky; from Phoebe, the largest of Saturn's irregular moons, Saturn would appear only as big as the full Moon does from Earth. The best view of the rings may be from the inner moon Mimas, which is fairly near the rings. The co-orbitals Epimetheus and Janus would also get a good view. Tethys gets the next best view; Iapetus gets a good view of the rings and is more than any of the outer moons can claim.

Titan is the only moon in the Solar System to have a thick atmosphere. The Titanean sky is a light tangerine color. However, an astronaut standing on the surface of Titan would see a hazy brownish/dark orange color. As a consequence of its greater distance from the Sun and the thickness of its atmosphere, the surface of Titan receives only about of the sunlight Earth does – daytime on Titan is thus only as bright as twilight on the Earth. It seems likely that Saturn is permanently invisible behind orange smog, and even the Sun would be only a lighter patch in the haze, barely illuminating the surface of ice and methane lakes. However, in the upper atmosphere, the sky would have a blue color and Saturn would be visible. With its thick atmosphere and methane rain, Titan is the only celestial body other than Earth upon which rainbows on the surface could form. However, given the extreme thickness of the atmosphere in visible light, the vast majority of the rainbow would be in the infrared.

Seen from Enceladus, Saturn would have a visible diameter sixty times more than the Moon visible from Earth. Moreover, since Enceladus rotates synchronously with its orbital period and therefore keeps one face pointed toward Saturn, the planet never moves in the sky of Enceladus and cannot be seen from the far side of the satellite.

Saturn's rings would be almost invisible, but their shadow on Saturn's disk would be clearly distinguishable. Like our own Moon from Earth, Saturn itself would show regular phases. From Enceladus, the Sun would have a diameter of only one-ninth that of the Moon as seen from Earth.

An observer located on Enceladus could also observe Mimas (the biggest satellite located inside Enceladus's orbit) transit in front of Saturn every 72 hours, on average. Its apparent size would be about the same size as the Moon seen from Earth. Pallene and Methone would appear nearly star-like. Tethys, visible from Enceladus's anti-Saturnian side, would reach a maximum apparent size, about twice that of the Moon as seen from the Earth.

Judging by the color of its atmosphere, the sky of Uranus is probably a light blue. It is unlikely that the planet's rings can be seen from its surface, as they are very thin and dark.

None of Uranus's moons would appear as large as a full moon on Earth from the surface of Uranus, but the large number of them would present an interesting sight for observers hovering above the cloud tops. Unlike on Jupiter and Saturn, many of the inner moons can be seen as disks rather than star-like points; the moons Portia and Juliet can appear around the size of Miranda at times, and a number of other inner moons appear larger than Oberon. The outer irregular moons would not be visible to the naked eye.

The low light levels at such a great distance from the sun ensure that the moons appear very dim; the brightest, Ariel, would shine more than 100 times dimmer than the moon as seen from Earth. Meanwhile, the outer large moon Oberon would be only as bright as Venus despite its proximity.

Judging by the color of its atmosphere, the sky of Neptune is probably an azure or sky blue, similar to Uranus'. As in the case of Uranus, it is unlikely that the planet's rings can be seen from its surface, as they are very thin and dark.

Aside from the Sun, the most notable object in Neptune's sky is its large moon Triton, which would appear slightly smaller than a full Moon on Earth. It moves more swiftly than our Moon. The smaller moon Proteus would show a disk about half the size of the full Moon. An alignment of the inner moons would likely produce a spectacular sight. Neptune's large outer satellite, Nereid, is not large enough to appear as a disk from Neptune, and is not noticeable in the sky. The other irregular outer moons would not be visible to the naked eye.

As with Uranus, the low light levels cause the major moons to appear very dim.

Triton, Neptune's largest moon, has an atmosphere, but it is so thin that its sky is still black, possibly with some pale haze at the horizon. Because Triton orbits with synchronous rotation, Neptune always appears in the same position in its sky. As Neptune orbits the Sun, Triton's polar regions take turns facing the Sun for 82 years at a stretch, resulting in radical seasonal changes as one pole, then the other, moves into the sunlight.

Neptune itself with a maximum brightness would be about that of the full moon on Earth. Due to its eccentric orbit, Nereid would vary considerably in brightness; its disk would be far too small to see with the naked eye. Proteus would also be difficult to resolve but, at its closest, would rival Canopus.
A trans-Neptunian object is any minor planet in the Solar System that orbits the Sun at a greater average distance than Neptune.

Pluto, accompanied by its largest moon Charon, orbits the Sun at a distance usually outside the orbit of Neptune except for a twenty-year period in each orbit.
From Pluto, the Sun is point-like to human eyes, but still very bright, giving roughly 150 to 450 times the light of the full Moon from Earth. Nonetheless, human observers on Pluto would notice a large decrease in available light.

Pluto's atmosphere consists of a thin envelope of nitrogen, methane, and carbon monoxide gases, all of which are derived from the ices of these substances on its surface. When Pluto is close to the Sun, the temperature of Pluto's solid surface increases, causing these ices to sublimate into gasses. This atmosphere also produces a noticeable blue haze that is visible at sunset and possibly other times of the Plutonian day.

Pluto and Charon are tidally locked to each other. This means that Charon always presents the same face to Pluto, and Pluto also always presents the same face to Charon. Observers on the far side of Charon from Pluto would never see the dwarf planet; observers on the far side of Pluto from Charon would never see the moon. Charon, as seen from Pluto's surface would be a very large object in the night sky.

The sky of a comet changes dramatically as it nears the Sun. During closest distance, a comet's ices begin to sublime from its surface, forming tails of gas and dust, and a coma. An observer on a comet nearing the Sun might see the stars slightly obscured by a milky haze, which could create halo effects around the Sun and other bright objects.

For observers on extrasolar planets, the constellations would differ depending on the distances involved. A consequence of observing the universe from other stars is that stars that may appear bright in our own sky may appear dimmer in other skies and vice versa.

A planet around either α Centauri A or B would see the other star as a very bright secondary.

From a planet orbiting Aldebaran, 65 light years away, our Sun would be seen as an insignificant star between Ophiuchus and Scorpius. Constellations made of bright, distant stars would look somewhat similar (such as Orion and Scorpius) but much of the night sky would seem unfamiliar to someone from Earth. Even Orion would appear somewhat different; viewed from this position, Alnilam and Mintaka would appear to be on top of each other, thus reducing the belt to two stars. Also, Bellatrix would be much closer to the belt, making the "chest" of Orion somewhat smaller.

If the Sun were to be observed from the Alpha Centauri system, the nearest star system to ours, it would appear to be as a star in the constellation Cassiopeia. Due to the proximity of the Alpha Centauri system, the constellations would, for the most part, appear similar.

From further away, the Sun would be an average looking star in the constellation Serpens Caput. At this distance, most of the stars nearest to us would be in different locations to those in our sky, including Alpha Centauri, Sirius, and Procyon.


Warble fly

A warble fly is a large fly of the genus "Hypoderma". It is an ectoparasite on horses, sheep, goats and humans. They lay their eggs on the front legs of large animals. They bore their way in, causing damage and distress. They have been eliminated from European countries, but reinfestations occur regularly.

Ford County, Kansas

Ford County (county code FO) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 34,287 people lived there. Its county seat is Dodge City. Dodge City is also the biggest city in Ford County. The county is named after Colonel James Hobart Ford.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.07%) is water.

The Dodge City Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Ford County.

The 2020 census says that there were 34,287 people. These people made up households. 50.1% of the people were White, 2.9% were Black or African American, 2.2% Native American, 1.2% Asian, 0.0% Pacific Islander, 24.5% from other races, and 19.1% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 57.4% of the population.

Ford County has been strongly Republican for most of its history, especially in recent elections. Only eight Democratic presidential candidates from 1888 to the present day have won the county. The most recent winner being Jimmy Carter in 1976.

Ford County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986. The changed allowed liquor to be sold.

Riley County, Kansas

Riley County (standard abbreviation: RL) is a county located in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 71,959 people lived there. The biggest city is Manhattan. Manhattan is also the county seat.

Two of Kansas' biggest employers are in Riley County: Fort Riley and Kansas State University.

On May 30, 1879, the "Irving, Kansas Tornado" started in Riley County. This tornado was believed to have been an F4 on the Fujita scale. The damage path of it was wide and long. Eighteen people were killed. Sixty people were injured.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (2.0%) is water.

The county is in the Flint Hills region of Kansas.

Riley County is part of the Manhattan, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area. Millennials make up 53.6% of the population of Riley County. It is one of the highest rates in the United States.

Riley County is the only county in Kansas without an elected sheriff. The county police department handles all the Sheriff’s responsibilities.




Fort Riley Military Reservation covers in Geary and Riley counties. It is north of the junction of the Smoky Hill and Republican rivers in Geary County. 25,000 people are in the fort during the day. It includes a census-designated place:


1957 Indian presidential election

The Election Commission of India held indirect 2nd presidential elections of India on May 6, 1957. Dr. Rajendra Prasad won his re-election with 459,698 votes over his rivals Chowdhry Hari Ramwho got 2,672 votes and Nagendra Narayan Das who got 2,000 votes. Rajendra Prasad, has been the only person, to have won and served two terms, as President of India.

Geary County, Kansas

Geary County (county code GE) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 36,739 people lived there. Its county seat and most populous city is Junction City. The county is named after Governor John W. Geary.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (4.9%) is water. It is the second-smallest county in Kansas by land area. It is the third-smallest by total area.

Geary County is in the Junction City, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area. It is included in the Manhattan-Junction City, KS Combined Statistical Area.

Geary County was a prohibition, or "dry", county until the Kansas Constitution was amended in 1986 and voters approved the sale of alcoholic liquor by the individual drink with a 30% food sales requirement. The food sales requirement was removed with voter approval in 1990.





Located north of the junction of the Smoky Hill and Republican rivers, the Fort Riley Military Reservation covers in Geary and Riley counties. The fort has a daytime population of nearly 25,000 and includes one census-designated place:

Geary County is divided into eight townships. The city of Junction City is considered "governmentally independent" and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.



Kara Swisher

Kara Swisher is an Opinion writer at the NY Times.


Niobrara County, Wyoming

Niobrara County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 United States Census, 2,467 people lived there. Its county seat is Lusk. Its eastern boundary abuts the west lines of the states of Nebraska and South Dakota.

Niobrara County was created on February 21, 1911.

The county was named for the Niobrara River, which rises near Lusk.

According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.07%) is water.





Platte County, Wyoming

Platte County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 8,605 people lived there. Its county seat is Wheatland.

Platte County was created on February 21, 1911. The county was named for the North Platte River, which flows through the northeastern part of the county.

According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (1.3%) is water. It is the third-smallest county in Wyoming by area.



Sheridan County, Wyoming

Sheridan County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 30,921 people lived there. Its county seat is Sheridan.





Atchison County, Kansas

Atchison County (county code AT) is a county in northeastern Kansas, in the Central United States. In 2020, 16,348 people lived there. Its county seat is Atchison. Atchison is also the biggest city in the county. The county is named after David Rice Atchison, a United States Senator from Missouri.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.6%) is water. It is the fourth-smallest county by area in Kansas.

On July 4, 1804, to mark Independence Day, the Lewis and Clark Expedition named Independence Creek near the city of Atchison (see Timeline of the Lewis and Clark Expedition).

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

Atchison County is in the Atchison, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area. It is also included in the Kansas City-Overland Park-Kansas City, MO-KS Combined Statistical Area.

Atchison County has been a swing county for most of its history. It has had multiple extended streaks of being a bellwether county, the first running from 1896 to 1936. After voting more Republican than the nation in the 1940s & voting for losing candidate Richard Nixon in 1960, another bellwether streak ran from 1964 to 2004. Since then, the county has become significantly more Republican, with Barack Obama failing to win the county in both of his victories & Hillary Clinton losing it by over 30 percent to Donald Trump in 2016.





Sublette County, Wyoming

Sublette County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 8,728 people lived there. Its county seat is Pinedale. The county was created on February 15, 1921.





Sheridan, Wyoming

Sheridan is a city in the U.S. state of Wyoming. It is the county seat of Sheridan County.

Sweetwater County, Wyoming

Sweetwater County is a county in southwestern Wyoming, United States. As of the 2020 census, 42,272 people lived there. Its county seat is Green River. Its southern boundary line abuts the north lines of the states of Colorado and Utah.

Sweetwater County was created on December 17, 1867.

According to the US Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.6%) is water. It is the largest county in Wyoming by area.


Uinta County, Wyoming

Uinta County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 20,450 people lived there. Its county seat is Evanston.







Washakie County, Wyoming

Washakie County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 7,685 people lived there. Its county seat is Worland. The county was created on February 21, 1911.





Cherokee County, Kansas

Cherokee County (county code CK) is a U.S. county in Southeast Kansas. In 2020 census, 19,362 people lived there. Its county seat is Columbus. The biggest city in Cherokee County is Baxter Springs. Baxter Springs became the first "cow town" in Kansas during the 1870s and the period of cattle drives.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.6%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

For most of its history, Cherokee County had more of a Democratic lean in presidential elections than the rest of the state, particularly before 1968. Since then, its only voted for Democratic candidates twice in 1976 & 1992, when it was their second & fourth best county in the state, respectively. From 1996 on, the county has swung powerfully Republican similar to the rest of Southeast Kansas, with Hillary Clinton posted the worst percentage for a Democratic candidate ever at only 23.3%.




Weston County, Wyoming

Weston County is a county in the U.S. state of Wyoming. As of the 2020 census, 6,838 people lived there. Its county seat is Newcastle. Its east boundary line abuts the west line of the state of South Dakota.

Weston County was created on March 12, 1890.







Henrietta, Texas

Henrietta is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Clay County.

Henrietta was created in 1874.

Henrietta has a total area of 5.2 square miles.

Henrietta has 3,111 people living there.


Pottawatomie County, Kansas

Pottawatomie County (standard abbreviation: PT) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 25,348 people lived there. The county seat is Westmoreland. The county is named after the Potawatomi group of Native Americans.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that is land and (2.4%) is water.

Pottawatomie County is part of the Manhattan Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Pottawatomie County is very Republican. The only Democratic presidential candidate to get a majority in Pottawatomie County was Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932. Since 1940 only Lyndon Johnson in 1964 has gotten as much as forty percent of the county’s vote.

The Unified School Districts that serve Pottawatomie County include:




1962 Indian presidential election

The Election Commission of India held the indirect third presidential elections of India on 7 May 1962.
Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan was elected as the Indian president in 1962.
The election schedule was announced by the Election Commission on 6 April 1962.

Source: Web archive of Election Commission of India website

Edward Shotter

Edward Frank Shotter (29 June 1933 – 3 July 2019) was an Anglican priest and author. He is most notable for starting the London Medical Group in the mid-1960s. This was a forum for the discussion of the ethical issues of medicine. From 1966 to 1989 he was Director of Studies at the London Medical Group when he was appointed Dean of Rochester, a post he held until retirement in 2003.

Shotter died on 3 July 2019, four days after his 86th birthday.

Lisa Lu

Lisa Lu Yan (; born July 8, 1927) is a Chinese-born American actress and singer. She won the Golden Horse Awards three times in the 1970s. She was born in Beijing and raised in California. Lu is known for her roles in "The Mountain Road", "Demon Seed", Peter Bogdanovich's "Saint Jack", "The Last Emperor", "The Joy Luck Club" and "Crazy Rich Asians".

Bruce Laingen

Lowell Bruce Laingen (August 6, 1922 – July 15, 2019) was an American diplomat. He was the U.S. Ambassador to Malta from 1977 to 1979. He worked under the Gerald Ford and Jimmy Carter presidencies. He was a World War II veteran. Laingen was best known for having been the most senior American official held hostage during the Iran hostage crisis. 

He was the chargé d'affaires (head of diplomatic mission) at the U.S. Embassy in Tehran at the time of the crisis. He was born in Butterfield, Minnesota.

Laingen died on July 15, 2019 at a hospital in Bethesda, Maryland of problems caused from Parkinson's disease, aged 96.

Butterfield, Minnesota

Butterfield is a city in Watonwan County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 601 at the 2020 census.

John Tanton

John H. Tanton (February 23, 1934 – July 16, 2019) was an American ophthalmologist, white nationalist and anti-immigration activist. He was born in Detroit, Michigan. 

Tanton was the founder and first chairman of the Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR), an anti-immigration organization. He was the co-founder of the Center for Immigration Studies, an anti-immigration think tank; and NumbersUSA, an anti-immigration lobbying group. 

He was chairman of U.S. English and ProEnglish. He was the founder of The Social Contract Press. He founded the pro-eugenics organization Society for Genetic Education.

Tanton died in Petoskey, Michigan on July 16, 2019 from Parkinson's disease at the age of 85.

Petoskey, Michigan

Petoskey is a city and coastal resort community in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was about 5,877 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Emmet County.

Ernie Broglio

Ernest Gilbert Broglio (; August 27, 1935 – July 16, 2019) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played for the St. Louis Cardinals and Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball from 1959 to 1966. He was born in Berkeley, California. Broglio was best known as the "other player" in the controversial trade that sent future Baseball Hall of Fame outfielder Lou Brock from the Cubs to the Cardinals in June 1964.

Broglio died on July 16, 2019 from cancer in San Jose, California at the age of 83.

Howard Engel

Howard Engel CM (April 2, 1931 – July 17, 2019) was a Canadian mystery writer and CBC producer. He was well known for his novel series of Benny Cooperman detective novels. Engel was a founder of Crime Writers of Canada. He was born in St. Catharines, Ontario.

Engel died of pneumonia on July 17, 2019 in Toronto at the age of 88.

Pumpsie Green

Elijah Jerry "Pumpsie" Green (October 27, 1933 – July 17, 2019) was an American Major League Baseball (MLB) infielder. He played with the Boston Red Sox from 1959 to 1962) and for the New York Mets in 1963. He was a switch-hitter who threw right-handed. He was listed as tall and . Green was born in Boley, Oklahoma.

Green died at a hospital in San Leandro, California on July 17, 2019 at the age of 85.

Boley, Oklahoma

Boley is a town in Okfuskee County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 1,091 at the 2020 census. Boley was made a town in 1903 as a Black pioneer town with a few Native Americans among its citizens.

Ian Chappell

Ian Michael Chappell (born 26 September 1943) is a retired Australian cricketer and commentator. He played for South Australia and Australia. He captained Australia between 1971 and 1975. He was born in Unley, South Australia.

Chappell was known as "Chappelli". He is thought to be one of the greatest captains of cricket. 

He retired in 1980. He became a cricket commentator, working for Channel Nine. Chappell was added into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1986, the FICA Cricket Hall of Fame in 2000 and the Australian Cricket Hall of Fame in 2003. In July 2009, Chappell was added into the ICC Cricket Hall of Fame.

In July 2019, Chappell announced that he had skin cancer.

Wesley Pruden

James Wesley Pruden Jr., known as Wesley Pruden (December 18, 1935 – July 17, 2019) was an American journalist and author. He was the editor-in-chief of "The Washington Times" from 1992 until his retirement in 2008.

Husaini Abdullahi

Vice-Admiral Husaini Abdullahi (3 March 1939 – 9 July 2019) was a Nigerian military admiral and politician. He was the military governor of Bendel State, Nigeria from March 1976 to July 1978 during the military regime of General Olusegun Obasanjo.

Abdullahi died on 9 July 2019 at the age of 80.

Nikola Hajdin

Nikola Hajdin (Serbian Cyrillic Никола Хајдин); 4 April 1923 – 17 July 2019) was a Serbian construction engineer and professor. He was the president of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts from 2003 to 2015 as a member of the Department of Technical Sciences. He was born in Vrbovsko, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes.

Hajdin died on 17 July 2019 in Belgrade at the age of 96.

Charles Ceccaldi-Raynaud

Charles Ceccaldi-Raynaud (25 June 1925 – 18 July 2019) was a French lawyer and politician. A member of The Republicans, he was a member of the National Assembly from 1993 to 1995, and the Senate from 1995 to 2004, representing Hauts-de-Seine. He was Mayor of Puteaux from 1969 to 2004.

He was the author of a book about the Algerian War. He was born in Bastia, France. Ceccaldi-Raynaud died on 18 July 2019 at the age of 94.

Algerian War

The Algerian War, also known as the Algerian War of Independence or the Algerian Revolution ( '; '; or "") was fought between France and the Algerian National Liberation Front (. FLN) from 1954 to 1962.

The war led to Algeria gaining its independence from France. It was known for its use of guerrilla warfare and for the massive use of torture on both sides. The war took place mainly in Algeria.

It brought France to the verge of military "coup d'état;" which caused the fall of the Fourth Republic (1946-58), and transformed the French constitution.

Until the early nineteenth century, Algeria or the Regency of Algeris was part of the Ottoman Empire. The area was governed by local governors called dey. The population was made up largely of Arabs and Berbers, but there were other tribal communities spread throughout the provinces and the Sahara. After the French Revolution and the defeat of Napoleon Bonaparte at the Battle of Waterloo in 1815, the French Republic had bought 8 million francs worth of grain from the Algerians. That was to be refunded later, which did not happen.

In 1827, the dey invited a French ambassador to pay some of the debt. The encounter resulted into a conflict in which the Algerian dey hit the French consul in the face with a fly-whisk. The French were furious and decided to blockade the Algerian city of Algiers. However, historians agree that the fly-whisk incident, as serious as it was, was only a pretext.

The initial French conquest of Algeria was relatively easy. French troops left Toulon on May 25 1830, landed in Algeria on June 14, and by July 5, Algiers had capitulated. The French troops slaughtered civilians, looted, and destroyed mosques and cemeteries. In 1834, the dey was overthrown, and Algeria became a colony of France. In 1848, France added the region to its own empire and divided it into three departments: Alger, Oran and Constantine. The French thought that they would conquer the rest of the country in a matter of time, but they faced a strong resistance from Algerians that could not be put down until 1857 with the bloody Campaign of Kabylie and the Battle of Icheridden. Moreover, French became the official language.

Many French people and other Europeans migrated to Algeria. Known as "pieds-noirs" (literally "black feet"), they were Algerian-born French and often often cruel against indigenous populations. They killed and expelled many local inhabitants. According to the American historian Jennifer Sessions, the local population shrank from more than 4 million to 2.3 million during the first 25years of French colonisation (1830-1855).

The first expressions of Algerian nationalism started with the revolt of an Algerian chief, Emir Abdelkader, against French colonial rule in the 1830s. It was only a stubborn and unsuccessful opposition, Abdelkader's defence of his country can be seen as the first step to an eventual nationalist identity. It was, however, by no means the end of the resistance to the French presence in Algeria since outbreaks of armed rebellion continued throughout the 19th century. The Kabyles in the mountains east of Algiers, for example, fought in the Battle of Icheridden in 1857 and rose again in 1871, when France had lost a war against Prussia. Anti-French revolts came up in the southern towns of Touggourt and Ouargla about the same time.

In the early 20th century, Algerians again sought for equality of rights and the removal of special administrative powers over Muslims. Algerian nationalism arose out of the efforts of four different groups.


The National Liberation Front ("Front de libération nationale"; FLN), founded in 1954, succeeded Hadj's Algerian People's Party (PPA). It soon established a military wing, the National Liberation Army ("Armée de libération nationale"; ALN), and called on all Algerians to rise and fight for their freedom. By 1957, the ALN reached 40,000 well-disciplined men, some from the country and others stationed in Morocco and Tunisia. The revolution had begun.

On May 8 1945, shortly after the end of the World War II, Algerian civilians organised a demonstration in which they demanded independence. The demonstrations turned into a bloodbath. The protesters killed more than 100 European settlers. The French army killed at least 6,000 and 50,000 Algerian civilians (estimates vary widely). John P. Entelis estimated the number of Algerians civilians killed by the suppression of the riots as 15,000.

French colonialism had a devastating effect on lives of Algerians. By World War I, the number of settlers from France and other European countries, mostly from Italy, Spain, and Malta, reached 800,000 in a native population of 4.5-5 million. About half of the European settlers were working-class wageearners. Their standard of living was in general lower than that of their equivalents in Metropolitan France but much higher than that of Algerians. French settlers took possession of 6 millions acres, which represented 40% of all agricultural and 98% of the country's most productive land. The Europeans also controlled almost all the country's infrastructure, industry, and commerce and dominated its government and the judicial and educational systems. In sum, the French government created a feudal system in which a few thousand Europeans ruled over millions of Algerians.

Only the European settlers and a tiny minority of privileged Algerians enjoyed full French citizenship; most Algerians were French subjects but not French citizens and had little voice on how their country was run. The "Code de L'Indigénat" (Native status code), which was established at the end of the conquest in 1881 and in effect until 1944, forced Algerians to pay special taxes. The harm done to Algerians was not only economic but also educational and cultural. The government took over religious institutions, distributed them a budget and appointed the imams. Moreover, the French destroyed the Algerian educational system; before the French conquest, the literacy rate in Algeria was higher than in France, but by 1954 only 25% of Algerian children attended school.

On November 1 1954, the FLN started the struggle for national independence in Algeria and declared war on France. Algerian armed troops revolted in several places and were supported by Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser (1918-1970), who promoted Arab nationalism and decolonisation throughout Africa.

In the beginning, it was mainly a guerrilla war in which Algerian "maquisards" (guerrillas) attacked French settlers. The FLN called on Muslims in Algeria to unite and join in a national struggle for the "restoration of the Algerian state, sovereign, democratic, and social, of the principles of Islam" since it considered that independence was not enough. French Interior Minister François Mitterrand, responded that "the only possible negotiation is war'". Initially, the higher-ranking French military was targeted, but in August 1955, the FLN targeted the civilian population as well. That began with the slaughter of 123 French-Algerian civilians, the murders of women and children, and the mutilation of corpses in Philippeville by the FLN on August 20 1955 and the death of some 50 Muslims. The FLN was also engaged in civil wars with the Algerian National Movement ("Mouvement national algérien; MNA"), founded by Messali Hadj. The MNA had a similar policy of violent revolution and total independence, but the FLN largely wiped out the MNA in Algeria. The MNA's remaining support was among Algerians within France. Their fighting during the war also took place in France itself and is called the "café wars" in which supporters of the FLN and the MNA supporters one another in French cafés and restaurants; 5,000 people were killed. French troops took revenge after the Battle of Philippeville and killed 1,270 (accodring to France) to 12,000 (according to Algeria) local Algerian Muslims. Moreover, after the attack, the French increased their troops to 250,000.

Moreover, as soon as Tunisia and Morocco became independent from France in March 1956, both countries supported Algerian rebels in their fight against the French so that Algeria could become independent as well. They issued passports to FLN representatives to enable them to travel abroad and to make necessary arrangements for the purchase of arms. Egypt and the other Arab states of the Middle East also supported the Algerian rebels. One of the purposes for the formation of the League of Arab States in 1945 had been to allow independent Arab countries to help other Arab peoples achieve independence.

Meanwhile, as a way to draw attention to its struggle, the FLN began to target urban areas and larger cities. On September 30 1956, the Battle of Algiers had begun by three women allied with the FLN simultaneously placing bombs in public places in Algiers, including an Air France terminus and a popular bar for "pieds-noirs". Both sides fought against each other: Algerian nationalists bombed and waged guerrilla warfare, and in turn,the French repeatedly tortured and murdered Algerian prisoners.

From 1957 to 1960, the French tried to deal with the guerrillas by attacking villages and by bombing or burning them if suspected guerrillas were suspected to be present. Over 800 villages, especially in the mountains, were completely destroyed. The inhabitants were moved from their villages and regrouped in camps on flat areas, where it was difficult to rebuild their previous economic and social systems. The "regroupement" program was a French strategy to fight against the guerrillas of the FLN. It led to the displacement of more than 2,5 million Algerians and to the weakening of peasant communities and populations already weakened in the colonial context.

The so-called "harkis", from the Algerian-Arabic dialect word "harki" (soldier), were indigenous Muslim Algerians who fought alongside the French during the colonial period. The term also came to include civilian indigenous Algerians who supported a French Algeria, such as Spahis, Tirailleurs, and Moghaznis. According to French archives, there were around 200,000 Algerian Muslims who fought alongside the French Army during the Algerian War and, by extension, their families. The French recruited and trained "harkis" by using guerrilla tactics similar to those of the FLN. They were an ideal instrument of counterinsurgency warfare for the French.

An important turning point in the war, was the election of Charles de Gaulle as president of the Fifth Republic in 1958. De Gaulle wanted to end the war through negotiations. From May 1961, the first negotiations between the French Army and the FLN started in Évian. Initially, they went smoothly. In the Évian Accords of 18 March 1962, the negotiating parties (France, the Algerian Republic and the FLN) reached agreement on a ceasefire, the release of prisoners, and the recognition of Algeria's sovereignty and independence.

However, that did not mean that the war was immediately over. From March to June 1962, French "pieds-noirs" of the Secret Armed Organisation ("Organisation armée secrète"; OAS) carried out numerous terrorist attacks, both in Algeria and metropolitan France. The OAS terrorists bombed and blew up schools, burned libraries, set fire to oil wells and pipelines, and killed. Finally, in June , the FLN and the OAS concluded a ceasefire. In April , a referendum was held in France in which more than 90 percent voted for Algeria's independence. Finally, increasing pressure from the United Nations made France, led by de Gaulle, declare Algerian independence on 3 July 1962. On July 5, Algeria became independent.

Immediately after Algerian independence, a massive outflow started. About 650,000 people left Algeria, most of them withdrawing to France. Over the time span of four months, the total refugee population equalled five years of former migration waves during French colonisation. The sudden migration occurred during the period between the Évian Agreements and the first months following Algeria’s independence.

The migration was understandable because after the war, the FLN took revenge on former opponents and collaborators. The "harkis" were particularly hard hit. The peace agreements did not save them from the wrath of their countrymen, who considered them nothing but traitors. Out of the quarter of a million who had worked for the French less than 15,000 succeeded to escape from Algeria. Estimates on the numbers of Algerians killed vary between 30,000 and 150,000.


Luciano De Crescenzo

Luciano De Crescenzo (; 20 August 1928 – 18 July 2019) was an Italian writer, actor, director and engineer. He was mainly known as an author and screenwriter. His best known screenplay was for the 1980 comedy "Il pap'occhio".

De Crescenzo was hospitalized in Rome for pneumonia in July 2019. He died several days later on 18 July 2019 from the disease at the age of 90.



Yao Lee

Yao Lee (), also credited as Yao Li, Yiu Lei and Hue Lee (19 July 1922 – 19 July 2019) was a Chinese singer. She was born in Shanghai. Yao was active from the 1930s to the 1970s. She was the sister of Yao Min. She was thought to be one of the Seven great singing stars of Shanghai in the 1940s. Her best known song was "Rose, Rose, I Love You" (1940).

Yao died on 19 July 2019 in Hong Kong at the age of 96.

Bob Beckwith

Bob Beckwith (21 September 1933 – February 2024) was an American firefighter. He is a former member of the New York City Fire Department.

Beckwith became well known to the United States' after he stood next to President George W. Bush as the president gave a speech at the ruins of the World Trade Center after the attacks of September 11, 2001.

Photos of Beckwith and the president appeared on the front page of the "New York Daily News" and the cover of "Time" magazine.

Beckwith has met several times with President Bush since then, spoken many times in public, and acted as a fundraiser for charities.


Danding Cojuangco

Eduardo "Danding" Murphy Cojuangco Jr. (10 June 1935 – 16 June 2020) was a Filipino businessman and politician. He was the chairman of San Miguel Corporation. It is the largest food and beverage corporation in the Philippines and Southeast Asia. He was the Governor of Tarlac from 1967 to 1969 and member of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 1969 to 1972.

In 2016, his personal wealth was around US$1.1 billion. He was born in Paniqui, Tarlac. He founded the Nationalist People's Coalition in 1992. He ran for President of the Philippines in 1992, but came in third place losing to Fidel V. Ramos.

Cojuangco Jr. died in Manila on 16 June 2020 from heart failure and pneumonia caused by cancer, aged 85.

Peping Cojuangco

José Sumulong Cojuangco Jr. (born José Cojuangco y Sumulong on September 19, 1934), more popularly known as Peping Cojuangco, is a Filipino politician. He was a Philippine Congressman and the 9th president of the Philippine Olympic Committee from 2004 to 2018.

He is the younger brother Corazon Aquino and uncle of Benigno Aquino III, both were Philippine presidents.

Marly Sarney

Marly de Pádua Macieira Sarney (born December 4, 1932) is a Brazilian socialite and philanthropist. She is the wife of the former President José Sarney. She was First Lady of Brazil during the presidency of her husband, between 1985 and 1990.

Sarney married José Sarney on July 12, 1952. She was born in São Luís, Brazil.

Anacrusis

In music and poetry, an anacrusis (plural "anacruses") is a very short introduction. The word comes from the (anákrousis), which means literally, "pushing up". It is a set of notes or syllables, perhaps just a single one. It comes before the first beat of a musical phrase, or a line of poetry. It is not part of any musical phrase, or line of poetry which might have come before it. The word is sometimes used in publishing. It is very short, and not the literary or musical introduction, foreword, or with a preface). In music it is often called a "pick up" note.

Steve Smith

Steve Smith may refer to:

Pramod Kharel

Pramod Kharel (; born 6 November 1979) is a Nepalese singer. He is also judge of The Voice Of Nepal.



Pontotoc County, Mississippi

Pontotoc County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 31,184 people lived there. Its county seat is Pontotoc.


Amite County, Mississippi

Amite County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi on the southern border with Louisiana. As of the 2020 census, 12,720 people lived there. Its county seat is Liberty. The county is named after the Amite River which runs through the county. It was founded in 1809.

Fort Stockton, Texas

Fort Stockton is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Pecos County.

Giddings, Texas

Giddings is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Lee County.

Kerrville, Texas

Kerrville is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Kerr County.

Adams County, Mississippi

Adams County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 29,538 people lived there. The county seat is Natchez. The county was created on April 2, 1799. It is named for John Adams, the second President of the United States.

Alcorn County, Mississippi

Alcorn County is a county located in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 34,740 people lived there. Its county seat is Corinth. The county was founded in 1870. It is named in honor of Governor James L. Alcorn.

Springerville, Arizona

Springerville is a town of Apache County in the state of Arizona in the United States. As of the 2020 census, 1,717 people lived there.


Leavenworth County, Kansas

Leavenworth County (county code LV) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 81,881 people lived there. Its county seat is Leavenworth. Leavenworth is also the biggest city in Leavenworth County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.3%) is water. It is the fifth-smallest county in Kansas.

The county is a part of the Kansas City, MO-KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.



Crowding out (economics)

In economics, crowding out happens when the government starts buying or selling more stuff in the market. This affects other people and businesses--usually in a bad way.

For example, if the government buys more stuff, it may have to borrow more. By borrowing more there will be a higher interest rate (see supply and demand). This will make it harder for other companies and people to borrow. The government is said to "crowd out" the market.

Butler County, Kansas

Butler County (county code BU) is a county in the southern part of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 67,380 people lived there. Its county seat is El Dorado. El Dorado is also the biggest city in Butler County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of . Of that, is land and (1.2%) is water. It is the biggest county by size in Kansas.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

Butler County is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.



Jefferson County, Kansas

Jefferson County (county code JF) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 18,368 people lived there. Its county seat is Oskaloosa. Its biggest city is Valley Falls.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (4.3%) is water.

Jefferson County is included in the Topeka, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.




Slack (software)

Slack is an online messaging app with fancier features. Stewart Butterfield helped create it. It was originally for a video game. But then they just made it a simple messaging app and dropped the video game idea. "Slack" stands for "Searchable Log of All Conversation and Knowledge."


Peter Thiel

Peter Andreas Thiel (teel; born October 11, 1967) is an American entrepreneur. He helped create PayPal, Palantir Technologies and Founders Fund. In 2018, he supposedly had $2.5 billion.

Thiel was born in Frankfurt. As a baby, he moved with his family to the United States. He spent some time in Southern Africa. He studied philosophy at Stanford University, graduating with a B.A. in 1989. He then went on to the Stanford Law School and received his J.D. in 1992. He worked as a lawyer, speechwriter, and trader. He founded Thiel Capital in 1996. He co-founded PayPal in 1999. He was chief executive officer until he sold the company to eBay in 2002 for $1.5 billion.

He founded Clarium Capital, a global macro hedge fund. He launched Palantir Technologies, a big data analysis company, in 2004 and continues to serve as its chairman as of 2018. He helped create Founders Fund, a venture capital firm. 

Thiel became Facebook's first outside investor by buying 10.2% for $500,000 in August 2004. He sold the majority of his shares in Facebook for over $1 billion in 2012, but remains on the board of directors. He also co-founded Valar Ventures in 2010, co-founded Mithril Capital.

Jackson County, Kansas

Jackson County (county code JA) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 13,232 people lived there. Its county seat is Holton. Holton is also the biggest city in Jackson County. The county was first named Calhoun County. This was named after pro-slavery South Carolina Senator John C. Calhoun. The county was renamed in 1859 for President Andrew Jackson. The Prairie Band Potawatomi Indian Reservation is in the county, and it makes up about 18.5% of the county's area.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of . Of that, is land and (0.3%) is water.

Jackson County is included in the Topeka, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Jackson County has supported the Republican Party candidate in every presidential election from 1936 onward. Democratic Party candidates for president have only won the county twice since 1888, in 1912 & 1932.




Crawford County, Kansas

Crawford County (county code CR) is a county in Southeast Kansas. In 2020 census, 38,972 people lived there. Its county seat is Girard. Its biggest city is Pittsburg. The county was named after Samuel J. Crawford, Governor of Kansas.

It is in the Osage Cuestas and Cherokee Lowlands. It is halfway between Kansas City, Missouri and Tulsa, Oklahoma. Pittsburg State University is located in Crawford County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.9%) is water.

The Pittsburg Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Crawford County.



Neomercantilism

Neomercantilism is a government policy that supports more exports, less imports, and more control over investment (capital movement). Also, the government has the power to make decisions involving money (currency). The goal is to increase foreign reserves, which gives the government more power over money.

The idea comes from Keynesian economics. According to UNESCO, mercantilism is the belief that the state's wealth must be protected by the government. This makes the state's money a nationalistic concern.

Middle income trap

In economics the middle income trap happens when a country's GDP is stuck at some level and cannot increase.

The World Bank says that South Africa and Brazil have fell into the trap.

Economists think this happens because as a country sells more and gets richer, it pays higher wages. This increases the cost of selling stuff. So the countries lose their competitive advantage and get stuck, unable to sell more and get richer.

The World Bank says a country is in the 'middle-income range' if its gross national product per person stays between $1,000 to $12,000 (in 2011 prices).

To avoid the trap, a country could find better ways to make goods and reduce the cost of making them. They could also find new people or countries to sell their goods to. An increasing middle class could also use their money to buy fancy stuff that helps further promote growth: this includes better education, better technology and infrastructure, studying science and technology to create more innovations.

Cowley County, Kansas

Cowley County (county code CL) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 34,549 people lived there. Its county seat is Winfield. Its biggest city is Arkansas City.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.6%) is water.

Cowley County comprises the Arkansas City-Winfield, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is included in the Wichita-Arkansas City-Winfield, KS Combined Statistical Area.






Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area

The Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area is an area that has five counties in south central Kansas. Its main place is the city of Wichita. In 2013, the area had 637,989 people living there. It is the biggest metropolitan area in the state of Kansas.


Populations are from the 2010 census.






Finney County, Kansas

Finney County (county code FI) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 38,470 people lived there. Its county seat is Garden City. Its biggest city is also Garden City.

Finney County was created around 1880. It was called Buffalo County and Sequoyah County. They were named after Sequoyah, the Cherokee Indian responsible for the creation of the Cherokee alphabet. The two counties were renamed Finney County. It was named after Lieutenant Governor David Wesley Finney.

Charles "Buffalo" Jones was the first member of the Kansas House of Representatives from Finney County. He tried to stop the buffalo from extinction.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.05%) is water. It is the second-largest county in Kansas by area.

Finney County is included in the Garden City, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area.

The 2020 census says that there were 38,470 people living in Finney County. They made up 13,064 households. Of the people in the county, 51.7% were Hispanic or Latino, 37.7% were non-Hispanic White, 3.9% were non-Hispanic Asian, 3.5% were non-Hispanic Black, and 3.1% were other races or ethnicities.

Finney County has often supported Republican presidential candidates. The last time it supported a Democrat was in 1976. This was when Jimmy Carter won the county by only 102 votes.





Zion

Zion is one of the seventy names of Jerusalem, and in the Bible is the second name for Jerusalem after the name "Jerusalem". The name "Zion" originally revolves around a certain area in the city. It is customary to delineate the site in the eastern and southern part of Jerusalem during the Second Temple period, including the City of David, the Ophel and Mount Moriah.

Levite

A Levite or Levi (Hebrew language: לֵוִי) is a Jewish male descended from the Tribe of Levi on the father's side. 

The Levites of the Book of Leviticus were priests. In that book and the Book of Numbers they help Moses make prayers to God in the tabernacle (a holy tent).

Promised Land

The Promised Land (, translit.: "ha'aretz hamuvtakhat"; , translit.: "ard al-mi'ad; also known as "The Land of Milk and Honey"") is very important in the Hebrew Bible. It is the land that God promised to Abraham and his descendants. Nowadays, it refers to the restored homeland for the Jewish people, a path to salvation and liberation, or both.


Greater Israel

Greater Israel (; "Eretz Yisrael Hashlema") refers to the historic or desired borders of Israel. It is a form of irredentism.
It usually refers to the State of Israel together with the Palestinian territories. It is used in the Bible, sometimes called the Land of Israel. See , , , or .

Beitar Illit

Beitar Illit (; officially Betar Illit; "Illit" is pronounced "ee-leet"; ) is an Israeli settlement organized as a city council, south of Jerusalem, in the Judaean Mountains of the West Bank. Beitar Illit, part of the Gush Etzion "settlement bloc", is one of Israel's largest and most rapidly growing settlements, and in had a population of .

Fiery flying serpent

The fiery flying serpent is a snake creature mentioned in the Hebrew Bible (Book of Isaiah, the Book of Numbers, etc.). In biology it is the "Echis coloratus" (saw-scale viper).

"Fiery flying serpent" is an English translation of the Hebrew words , "shārāp" (a "fiery serpent") "me‘ōpêp" ("flying").

Nehushtan

The Nehushtan (Hebrew: "Nəḥuštān" [nə.ħuʃ.taːn]) is the bronze serpent on a pole first described in the Book of Numbers. God told Moses to make it. This was to cure the Israelites. Those who saw the nehushtan would be cured from the deathly bites of the "fiery serpents". God initially sent the fiery serpents to punish them for speaking against Him and Moses (). 

In the biblical Books of Kings (; written c. 550 BCE), King Hezekiah leads an iconoclastic reform. This requires the destruction of "the brazen serpent that Moses had made; for unto those days the children of Israel did burn incense to it; and it was called Nehushtan". The term means "a brazen thing, a mere piece of brass".

McPherson County, Kansas

McPherson County (standard abbreviation: MP) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 30,223 people lived there. The biggest city is McPherson. It is also the county seat. The county is named after Civil War General James B. McPherson.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that is land and (0.3%) is water.


The McPherson Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of McPherson County.

McPherson county is often carried by Republican Candidates. The last time a democratic candidate has carried this county was in 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.






Wendelin Werner

Wendelin Werner (born 23 September 1968) is a German-born French mathematician. He works on random processes such as self-avoiding random walks, Brownian motion, Schramm–Loewner evolution, and probability theory and mathematical physics. In 2006, he won the Fields Medal "for his contributions to the development of stochastic Loewner evolution, the geometry of two-dimensional Brownian motion, and conformal field theory". He is professor at ETH Zürich.

Harvey County, Kansas

Harvey County (county code HV) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 34,024 people lived there. Its county seat is Newton. Newton is also the biggest city in Harvey County.

In 1871, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad from Emporia to Newton.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water. The Little Arkansas River goes through the county.

Harvey County is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.






Greeley County, Kansas

Greeley County (county code GL) is a county in western Kansas. It is in the Central United States. In 2020, 1,284 people lived there. It is the county with the fewest number of people living in it in Kansas. Its county seat is Tribune. Tribune is also the biggest city in the county. The county is named after Horace Greeley of Chappaqua, New York, editor of the "New York Tribune". Greeley helped western settlement with the motto "Go West, young man".

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . All of it is land.

Since January 1, 2009, Greeley County and Tribune have been a unified government.

This county is often chooses Republican candidates. The last time a Democratic candidate won the county was in 1976. A Democratic candidate has only won the county three times in its history: 1932 (Franklin D. Roosevelt), 1964 (Lyndon B. Johnson), and most recently in 1976 by Jimmy Carter.




Allen County, Kansas

Allen County (county code AL) is a county located in southeast portion of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 12,526 people lived there. Its county seat is Iola. Iola is also the biggest city in Allen County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.0%) is water. Allen County is located in the southeastern part of Kansas.

The 2020 United States Census says that there were 12,526 people living in Allen County.





Barton County, Kansas

Barton County (standard abbreviation: BT) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 25,493 people lived there. Its county seat is Great Bend. Great Bend is also the biggest city in Barton County. The county is named after Clara Barton. She was responsible for creating the American Red Cross.

In 1867, Barton County was created. It was named after Clara Barton. It is the only Kansas county named after a woman.

Barton County was drawn in the shape of a square. The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.6%) is water. The geographic center of Kansas is in Barton County.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

The Great Bend Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Barton County.

Prior to 1940, Barton County was a Democratic-leaning swing county in presidential elections, being a national bellwether from 1912 to 1936. From 1940 on, it has become a Republican Party stronghold, with the solitary Democratic Party presidential candidate to carry it since then being Lyndon B. Johnson in his national landslide of 1964.

The five school districts are part of the special education area of Barton County called Barton County Special Services.





Franklin County, Kansas

Franklin County (county code FR) is a county in the eastern part of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 25,996 people lived there. Its county seat is Ottawa. Ottawa is also the biggest city in Franklin County. The county is mostly rural. It was Kansas City metropolitan area, but it no longer is since 2013.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.9%) is water.


Franklin County is in the Ottawa, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area. It was included in the Kansas City-Overland Park-Kansas City, MO-KS Combined Statistical Area.

Franklin County is often carried by Republican Candidates. The last time a democratic candidate has carried Franklin County was in 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.





Dickinson County, Kansas

Dickinson County (county code DK) is a county in Central Kansas. In 2020, 18,402 people lived there. Its county seat is Abilene. Abilene is also the biggest city in Dickinson County. The county was named after Daniel S. Dickinson.

In 1857, Dickinson County was created.

The first railroad in Dickinson County was built through it in 1866.

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a railroad from Topeka to Herington. This main line connected Topeka, Valencia, Willard, Maple Hill, Vera, Paxico, McFarland, Alma, Volland, Alta Vista, Dwight, White City, Latimer, Herington.

In 2010, the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline (Phase II) was built through Dickinson County. There was a lot of controversy about tax exemption and environmental concerns.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of . Of that, is land and (0.6%) is water.


Dwight David "Ike" Eisenhower was the 34th President of the United States from 1953 until 1961. He moved to Abilene when he was 2 years old. Prior to that he was a five-star general in the United States Army. He was Supreme Commander of the Allied Forces in Europe World War II. He planned the invasion of North Africa in Operation Torch in 1942–43 and the invasion of France and Germany in 1944–45. The Eisenhower Library is in Abilene.

Joe Engle is a retired U.S. Air Force colonel and a former NASA astronaut.




Chief Ahan

Chief Ahan was a First Nations leader who was executed in 1865. He was exonerated by Justin Trudeau, the Prime Minister of Canada, in 2018.

Józefa Joteyko

Józefa Franciszka Joteyko (29 January 1866 – 24 April 1928) was a Polish medical doctor, physiologist, psychologist, pedagogist, and co-organizer of special education in Warsaw. She was born on January, 29, 1866, in Poczujki and died on April, 24, 1928, in Warsaw.

Industrial society

In an industrial society, people use technology to produce a lot of things (mass production). This leads to a large population with an organized division of labour. This happened to the Western world during the Industrial Revolution. This replaced farming or agrarian societies of the pre-modern age.

The US and many European nations are examples of industrial societies. China and India are also somewhat industrial but large parts of their populations still farm.

CBRE

CBRE can refer to:


Savills

Savills plc is a global real estate services provider listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.

The business was established by Alfred Savill (1829 - 1905) in 1855 in London. By the time of Alfred Savill's death in 1905 his sons Alfred, Edwin and Norman were established in partnership. In the 1920s the firm moved to Lincoln's Inn Fields. During the Second World War Norman Savill went to Wimborne in Dorset, taking vital records with him. The remaining partners stayed at Lincoln’s Inn Field. By the 1970s, the firm was re-branded as Savills. The firm was incorporated as a limited company in 1987 and was listed on the London Stock Exchange in 1988.

In 1997 Savills merged with "First Pacific Davies" () in Asia. In 1998 it bought majority stakes in the German, French and Spanish arms of "Weatherall, Green & Smith". In June 2015 it completed the acquisition of Smiths Gore, provider of rural and residential property services in the UK. In June 2016, Savills plc announced its proprietary investment subsidiary, Grosvenor Hill Ventures, had acquired a minority stake in YOPA Property Ltd, a UK-based online hybrid estate agent.

Savills announced in August 2016 that it had acquired GBR Phoenix Beard, a Midlands-based commercial property consultancy, strengthening its UK real estate services. Expansion continued in July 2017, with the acquisition of Larry Smith Italia, a leading commercial management and leasing business in Italy. The company's European operations grew further in December 2017 when Savills acquired Aguirre Newman S.A., the leading independent Spanish and Portuguese real estate advisory; the newly combined business was rebranded as Savills Aguirre Newman in January 2018.

The company provides consulting services and advice (such as valuation, building consultancy, project management, environmental consultancy, landlord and tenant, planning, strategic projects and research) in connection with commercial, residential and agricultural properties, property-related financial services and investment management, which includes investment management for institutional or professional investors. Savills operates from over 600 owned and associate offices, employing more than 35,000 people in over 60 countries throughout the Americas, Europe, Asia Pacific, Africa and the Middle East.

In 2016 Australia rose to second place after Japan for cross border capital inflow in the Asia Pacific region, largely due to an increase in China's investment in Sydney's CBD, up 44 per cent from $4.5 billion the year before to $6.46 billion. In May 2013 Savills set the record for the highest price for a development site in Brisbane with the sale of the Supreme Court site at 300 George Street for $63M to the Taiwanese developer Shayher Group, to become a mixed-use precinct including a five-star hotel. Shayher Group was required to build a 65,000sqm residential, serviced apartment tower and a 45,000sqm commercial office tower.

In May 2014, Savills announced it has established a presence in Jakarta, Indonesia, working in partnership with local experts, Property Connection Indonesia. In 2015 Savills established an Office Services and Occupier Representation capability, expanding its Jakarta based business, when staff joined Savills Indonesia from property consultancy JLL.

In June 2014, Savills announced it had acquired 100% of Studley, Inc. a leading US independent commercial real estate services firm specialising in tenant representation with twenty five offices across the United States. Within the US, the new business was branded as Savills Studley. Studley was acquired in a $260 million deal including cash, Savills stock and promissory notes. Studley was founded in 1954 by Julien Studley, and in 2002 was bought by its 139 partners. The Savills deal brought more than 400 brokers and 175 support workers from Studley to the new firm.

In February 2015, Savills announced it had acquired a substantial shareholding in a Malaysian real estate business, previously trading as CBRE in Malaysia. The business has close to 300 staff, and offices in Kuala Lumpur, Penang and Johor. Savills Malaysia managing director is Allan Soo.

In June 2018, Savills announced it had acquired Cluttons Middle East business. Providing Agency, Management and Consultancy advice in both the Commercial and Residential sectors, the business employs 190 staff in offices across the UAE, Bahrain, Egypt, Oman and Saudi Arabia. The acquisition, which was completed on 31 May 2018, saw Savills take full ownership of Cluttons Middle East, which had been established in the region for more than 40 years. Cluttons Middle East is due to be re-branded as Savills during 2018.

Savills Vietnam is the largest and most experienced real estate practice in Vietnam, with offices in Hanoi, Danang and Ho Chi Minh City. In addition to residential real estate and investment brokerage, Savills Vietnam is also active in the hotel and leisure sector. In addition to providing advisory and industrial services, Savills Vietnam is also active in property management. 

Surpassing other leading property professionals including CBRE and JLL, Savills Vietnam was recognized as Vietnam’s Best Property Consultancy and Best Real Estate Agency at the prestigious Asia Pacific Property Awards. The official announcement was made at the iPAX Asia Pacific Awards Ceremony on the third and fourth of May, 2018 in Thailand. These awards mark Savills Vietnam success for the 8th consecutive and last year with the programme.



Hurricane Barry (2019)

Hurricane Barry was the fourth recorded storm to make landfall at hurricane strength on the state of Louisiana in the month of July, the others being Bob in 1979, Danny in 1997, and Cindy in 2005. The second named storm and first hurricane of the annual hurricane season, Barry originated as a mesoscale convective vortex over the Midwestern United States on July 4. The system emerged into the Gulf of Mexico on July 10 and was classified as a potential tropical cyclone later that day. The system developed into a tropical storm on the next day, becoming the second named storm of the season. On July 13, Barry attained maximum 1-minute sustained winds of 75 mph (120 km/h), with a minimum central pressure of 991 millibars (29.3 inHg), becoming the first hurricane of the season. Later that day, Barry made landfall on Marsh Island and Intracoastal City, Louisiana both times as a Category 1 hurricane, subsequently weakening to tropical storm status. Late on July 15, Barry degenerated into a remnant low over northern Arkansas, before dissipating on July 19.

The storm originated from a low pressure area inside the Midwestern USA. It tracked south, and became a broad area of low pressure which the National Hurricane Center assessed a high chance that the low could become a tropical cyclone.

A day later, on July 10, the broad low-pressure system emerged from the Florida Panhandle into Apalachee Bay in the northeastern Gulf of Mexico, attended by widespread showers and thunderstorms; concurrently, the NHC forecasted a high likelihood of tropical cyclone development within two days, noting a favorable environment and widespread convection, or thunderstorms, associated with the low.

By the morning of July 13, the thunderstorms moved closer to the center of circulation, as upper-level outflow expanded in all directions. The NHC estimated that Barry attained Category 1 hurricane status by 12:00 UTC that day, concluding that Barry was producing a small area of hurricane-force winds based on observations from the Hurricane Hunters, Doppler radar wind estimates of 75 mph (121 km/h), and recorded sustained winds of 72 mph (116 km/h) at Eugene Island oil field. Simultaneously, the storm reached its peak intensity, with a minimum central pressure of 991 millibars (29.3 inHg). At 18:00 UTC that day, Barry made landfall as a Category 1 hurricane on Intracoastal City, Louisiana, before weakening to tropical storm status. This made Barry the fourth tropical cyclone recorded making landfall as a hurricane on Louisiana in the month of July.

On July 15, the system became a low-pressure area, eventually becoming an extratropical system that brought heavy rain the Southern Ontario.

On Florida, multiple beaches were closed prior to the formation of Barry. However, some swimmers ignored the warnings and a 67 year-old man was reported to be dead. In addition, there were strong winds and thunderstorms from the disturbance that would later become Barry in the Gulf of Mexico.

Tropical Storm Barry dropped locally heavy rainfall along its path, peaking at 23.43 in (595 mm) near Ragley, Louisiana. Waterspouts were reported on Lake Pontchartrain. One tornado struck the Gentilly neighborhood in New Orleans, damaging two homes. A tide station in Amereda Pass recorded a storm surge of nearly 7 ft (2.1 m). On the southern shore of Lake Pontchartrain, storm surge exceeded 3 ft (0.91 m), while its northern shores expected tides 3 to 5 ft (0.91 to 1.52 m) above normal. Flooding also occurred on the banks of the Atchafalaya River in Morgan City, Louisiana. The Lower Dularge East Levee in Terrebonne Parish was overtopped, prompting a mandatory evacuation for nearby areas. On the afternoon of July 12, Louisiana Highway 1 south of Golden Meadow—the only thoroughfare leading out of Grand Isle and Port Fourchon—was closed after seawater began to inundate portions of the road.

As Barry moved ashore the Louisiana coast on July 13, Entergy and Cleco, the two major electricity companies in southern Louisiana, reported the loss of power to over 114,000 customers. Power lines knocked down by fallen trees in the Metairie area cut power to 5,140 electricity customers in the New Orleans metropolitan area. The most widespread power outages occurred where wind speeds were highest in Lafourche Parish and Terrebonne Parish, as well as eastern Baton Rouge; over 39,000 lost power in these areas. All electricity customers in Grand Isle lost power, and a total of 4,300 customers were affected by power outages as Barry's initial rainbands swept across coastal Louisiana.

In Southern Ontario, many highways were blocked and several cars were submerged. Unusually, the storm produced a funnel cloud in Oro-Medonte, Southern Ontario.

In Arkansas, the highest rainfall total of was recorded. A police station was flooded and a highway was closed. Also, 20 people and more than 70 animals were rescued from floodwaters. No one died in the state.

The total damage caused by Barry is about $600 million.


Holland's schema theorem

Holland's schema theorem, also called the fundamental theorem of genetic algorithms, is a theorem regarding genetic algorithms. It says that individuals with a fitness that is higher than average are more likely to prevail. John Holland proposed the theorem in the 1970s. At the start, it was used as the foundation for explanations of the power of genetic algorithms. This interpreation has been criticized in several publications, where the Schema Theorem is shown to be a special case of the Price equation with the schema indicator function as the macroscopic measurement. 

A schema is a template that identifies a subset of strings with similarities at certain string positions. Schemata are a special case of cylinder sets, and hence form a topological space.

Consider binary strings of length 6. The schema codice_1 describes the set of all strings of length 6 with 1's at positions 1, 3 and 6 and a 0 at position 4. The * is a wildcard symbol, which means that positions 2 and 5 can have a value of either 1 or 0. The "order of a schema" formula_1 is defined as the number of fixed positions in the template, while the "defining length" formula_2 is the distance between the first and last specific positions. The order of codice_1 is 4 and its defining length is 5. The "fitness of a schema" is the average fitness of all strings matching the schema. The fitness of a string is a measure of the value of the encoded problem solution, as computed by a problem-specific evaluation function. Using the established methods and genetic operators of genetic algorithms, the schema theorem states that short, low-order schemata with above-average fitness increase exponentially in successive generations. Expressed as an equation:

Here formula_4 is the number of strings belonging to schema formula_5 at generation formula_6, formula_7 is the "observed" average fitness of schema formula_5 and formula_9 is the "observed" average fitness at generation formula_6. The probability of disruption formula_11 is the probability that crossover or mutation will destroy the schema formula_5. It can be expressed as:

where formula_1 is the order of the schema, formula_15 is the length of the code, formula_16 is the probability of mutation and formula_17 is the probability of crossover. So a schema with a shorter defining length formula_2 is less likely to be disrupted.An often misunderstood point is why the Schema Theorem is an "inequality" rather than an equality. The answer is in fact simple: the Theorem neglects the small, yet non-zero, probability that a string belonging to the schema formula_5 will be created "from scratch" by mutation of a single string (or recombination of two strings) that did "not" belong to formula_5 in the previous generation.

The schema theorem holds under the assumption of a genetic algorithm that maintains an infinitely large population, but does not always carry over to (finite) practice: due to sampling error in the initial population, genetic algorithms may converge on schemata that have no selective advantage. This happens in particular in multimodal optimization, where a function can have multiple peaks: the population may drift to prefer one of the peaks, ignoring the others.

The reason that the Schema Theorem cannot explain the power of genetic algorithms is that it holds for all problem instances, and cannot distinguish between problems in which genetic algorithms perform poorly, and problems for which genetic algorithms perform well.


Ashurst

Ashurst may refer to:




Chinese economic reform

The Chinese economic reform () refers to the economic reforms in the People's Republic of China between the 1970s and 1990s. They were led by the Communist Party of China and Deng Xiaoping and started in December 1978. They were also called "Socialism with Chinese characteristics".

Before the eighteenth century, China had one of the world's largest and most advanced economies. Adam Smith agreed. However, Chinese economy began to slow down and even got worse by the 20th century. This was due to things like the First Sino-Japanese War and Second Sino-Japanese War.

Other than that, in 1978 the Chinese economy was on the brink of disaster as a consequence of the decisions of Mao Zedong.

The Communist Party began to fix the economy. It introduced market principles in 1978.

Part 1: In the 70s and 80s, they stopped requiring everybody to farm and stopped sending young people to the countryside. They also opened China to foreign investment, allowing people to start businesses. However, most businesses remained owned by the government.

Part 2: In the 80s and 90s, the PRC allowed much more private control of business (less government control, privatization). They removed price controls, protectionist policies, and regulations. Still state monopolies in banking and petroleum remained.

The private sector grew remarkably, becoming 70% of China's gross domestic product by 2005. From 1978 until 2013, unprecedented growth happened, with the economy increasing by 9.5% each year.

After 2005, Hu Jintao and Wen Jiabao controlled the economy more heavily, reversing some reforms. Xi Jinping undid some more reforms by allowing the government greater control in some areas of the economy.

Chinese society changed a lot because of these reforms. They greatly reduced poverty and increased average income. They have also led to China's rise as a world power.

Round-bottom flask

Round-bottom flasks (round-bottomed flasks or RB flasks) are types of flasks having spherical bottoms used as laboratory glassware.

They are used mostly for chemical or biochemical work. Today, they are usually made of heat-resistant borosilicate glass. There is at least one tubular section known as the "neck" with an opening at the tip. Two or three-necked flasks are made. Round bottom flasks come in many sizes.

Roelof Nelissen

Roelof Johannes Nelissen (4 April 1931 – 18 July 2019) was a Dutch politician and businessman. He was a member of the Catholic People's Party (KVP) (now the Christian Democratic Appeal). He was born in Hoofdplaat, Netherlands. Nelissen was the Deputy Prime Minister from 1971 to 1973 and Minister of Finance at the same time during the Barend Biesheuvel ministry. He was the CEO of the AMRO Bank from 1983 to 1991.

Nelissen died on 18 July 2019 in Hilversum, Netherlands at the age of 88.

Jan Terlouw

Jan Cornelis Terlouw (born 15 November 1931) is a Dutch politician, physicist and writer. He is a member of the Democrats 66 (D66) party. Terlouw was born in Kamperveen, Netherlands. He was the Deputy Prime Minister and at the same time the Minister of Economic Affairs from 1981 to 1982 during the Dries van Agt ministry. A children's writer, his best known work is "Winter in Wartime" ("Oorlogswinter", 1972).

Ágnes Heller

Ágnes Heller (12 May 1929 – 19 July 2019) was a Hungarian philosopher and educator. She was a member of the Budapest School philosophical forum in the 1960s. She later taught political theory for 25 years at the New School for Social Research in New York City. She was born in Budapest.

Heller drowned while swimming at Lake Balaton in Balatonalmádi, Hungary on 19 July 2019, aged 90.

Masha Gessen

Masha Gessen (born Maria Alexandrovna Gessen () 13 January 1967) is a Russian-American journalist, author, translator and activist. She is known for being a very vocal critic of the Russian President Vladimir Putin and American President Donald Trump. She was born in Moscow.

Gessen is openly a lesbian. She lives in New York City.

Gessen has written columns for "The New York Times", "The New York Review of Books", "The Washington Post", the "Los Angeles Times", "The New Republic", "New Statesman", "Granta", "Slate", "Vanity Fair", "Harper's Magazine", "The New Yorker", and "U.S. News & World Report". Since 2017, she has been a staff writer for "The New Yorker".

Sheila Dikshit

Sheila Dikshit (née Kapoor; (31 March 1938 – 20 July 2019) was an Indian politician. She was born in Kapurthala, Punjab. Dikshit was a member of the Indian National Congress. She was a member of Lok Sabha (1984–1989), Chief Minister of Delhi (1998–2013) and Governor of Kerala (2014).

Dikshit died at a hospital in New Delhi on 20 July 2019 of cardiac arrest, aged 81.


R. L. Bhatia

Raghunandan Lal Bhatia (3 July 1921 – 14 May 2021) was an Indian politician. He was the Governor of Kerala from 23 June 2004 to 10 July 2008 and was the Governor of Bihar from 10 July 2008 to 28 June 2009. He was born in Amritsar, Punjab. Bhatia was first elected to the Lok Sabha in 1972. He was a member of the Indian National Congress. Bhatia retired in 2009.

Bhatia died from COVID-19 at a hospital in Amritsar on 14 May 2021, less than two months before he turned 100.

Rama Jois

Justice Mandagadde Rama Jois (27 July 1931 – 16 February 2021) was an Indian politician, activist and writer. He was a member of Rajya Sabha for the Bharatiya Janata Party. He was the governor of the Jharkhand and Bihar states. He was Chief Justice of the Punjab and Haryana High Court in 1992. He was born in Araga, Shivamogga District.

Jois died of cardiac arrest on 16 February 2021 in Bangalore, India at the age of 89.

S. M. Krishna

Somanahalli Mallaiah Krishna (born 1 May 1932) is an Indian politician. He was Minister of External Affairs of India from 2009 to October 2012. He was a member of the Indian Parliament in the Rajya Sabha. Krishna was the 16th Chief Minister of Karnataka from 1999 to 2004 and the 19th Governor of Maharashtra from 2004 to 2008.

S. C. Jamir

Senayangba Chubatoshi Jamir (born 17 October 1931) is an Indian politician. He was the Governor of Odisha from 2013 to 2018. He was the Chief Minister of Nagaland, Governor of Maharashtra, Governor of Gujarat, Governor of Goa and Governor of Odisha. Jamir is a member of the Indian National Congress. He was born in Ungma, Nagaland.

K. Sankaranarayanan

Kateekal Sankaranarayanan (15 October 1932 – 24 April 2022) was an Indian politician. He was the Governor of Maharashtra from 2010 to 2014. He also was the Governor of Nagaland and Jharkhand. He was a member of the Indian National Congress. He was born in Palakkad, India.

Sankaranarayanan died on 24 April 2022 at his home in Palakkad from problems caused by a stroke, aged 89.

R. D. Pradhan

Ram D. Pradhan (27 June 1928 – 31 July 2020) was an Indian politician. He was an Indian Administrative Service officer. He was Union Home Secretary and Governor of Arunachal Pradesh during the Rajiv Gandhi government. He was in service of the government of India for 36 years.

Pradhan died on 31 July 2020, aged 92.

Jagannath Pahadia

Jagannath Pahadia (15 January 1932 – 19 May 2021) was an Indian politician. He was known for being the former leader of the Indian National Congress party. He was the Governor of Haryana from 2009 to 2014, Governor of Bihar from 1989 to 1990 and the Chief Minister of Rajasthan from 1980 to 1981. He was born in Rajasthan.

Pahadia died of COVID-19 at a hospital in New Delhi, India on 19 May 2021 at the age of 89.

Axial Age

Axial Age (also Axis Age, from ) is a term invented by German philosopher Karl Jaspers. It refers to ancient history from the 8th and the 3rd century BCE. He says that this time was a turning point in human history.

New ways of thinking appeared in Iran, India, China and the Greco-Roman world. There were new religions and philosophies. This all happened in places across Eurasia, without obvious contact between the people of these areas. 

Attala County, Mississippi

Attala County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 17,889 people lived there. Its county seat is Kosciusko.

Franklin County, Mississippi

Franklin County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 7,675 people lived there. Its county seat is Meadville. The county was founded on December 21, 1809 and named for Founding Father Benjamin Franklin.

Jefferson County, Mississippi

Jefferson County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi; its western border is formed by the Mississippi River. As of the 2020 census, 7,260 people lived there. Its county seat is Fayette. The county was founded in 1799. It is named for U.S. President Thomas Jefferson.

Luminous intensity

In photometry, luminous intensity is a measure of the wavelength-weighted power emitted by a light source in a particular direction per solid angle unit, based on the luminosity function, a standardized model of the sensitivity of the human eye. The SI unit of luminous intensity is the candela (cd), an SI base unit.

Benton County, Mississippi

Benton County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 7,646 people lived there. Its county seat is Ashland.

Bolivar County, Mississippi

Bolivar County is a county located on the western border of the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 30,985 people lived there. Its county seats are Rosedale and Cleveland. The county was founded in 1836. It is named in honor of Simón Bolívar, early 19th-century leader of the liberation of many South American colonies from Spain.

Pontotoc County

Pontotoc County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Barton County

Barton County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Robie Creek, Idaho

Robie Creek is a census-designated place (CDP) of Idaho in the United States.

Smiths Ferry, Idaho

Smiths Ferry is a census-designated place (CDP) in Valley County, Idaho, United States. As of the 2020 census, there were 63 people living there.

Yellow Pine, Idaho

Yellow Pine is an unincorporated census-designated place of Valley County in the state of Idaho in the United States.

Garfield, Washington

Garfield is a city in Whitman County, Washington, United States. The population was 597 at the 2010 census, down from 641 in 2000.

Leakey, Texas

Leakey is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Real County.

Chickasaw County, Mississippi

Chickasaw County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 17,106 people lived there. Its county seats are Houston and Okolona.

Japonic languages

The Japonic languages are a language family made up of languages native to the Japanese islands. Known members of the language family are Japanese and the Ryukyuan languages (Okinawan, Kunigami, Amami, Miyako, Yaeyama and Yonaguni).

All Japonic languages are agglutinative languages with a simple syllable structure and SOV word order. They have many similar features, but they are not mutually intelligible, which means native speakers of one language will not understand the other language without already knowing it.

While Japanese is the ninth most spoken language in the world, the Ryukyuan languages are critically endangered, which means there are very few speakers left. This was largely because of the Japanese government's assimilation of Ryukyu into the mainland Japanese culture. During the Meiji Era, the Japanese government called the Ryukyuan languages “dialects of Japanese”. This was used to forbid Ryukyuans from speaking the Ryukyuan languages and to force them to speak Japanese. In fact, Okinawan soldiers and civilians were put to death for speaking Okinawan during World War II. The Japanese military would accuse them of being spies so they could have an excuse to put them to death.

All of the languages write using a combination of Chinese characters, called kanji in Japanese, and kana, a Japanese-made syllabic writing system made for writing phonetically. This was true even before the Japanese takeover of the Ryukyu Kingdom.

Hakuna matata

Hakuna matata means "no worries" in Swahili, a language of East Africa. The phrase was used in the Disney movie "The Lion King" in a song of the same name.

In 2003 Disney trademarked the phrase in the US. In 2018, some people accused Disney or "colonialism" and "robbery" for stealing the phrase from East Africa. The phrase is popular in Kenya, one of the countries where it came from. But because of the trademark, Kenyans are not allowed to sell stuff to the US that use that phrase.

Baltimore oriole

The Baltimore oriole ("Icterus galbula") is a small icterid blackbird. It is common in eastern North America as a migratory breeding bird.

The Baltimore oriole is the state bird of Maryland. It is also the inspiration for the Baltimore Orioles baseball team.

Cosmogony

Cosmogony is any theory of the origin of the universe.

In astronomy, cosmogony is the study of the origin of things like the universe, the Solar System, or the Earth–Moon system. The popular cosmological model for the birth of the universe is the Big Bang theory.

It is generally accepted that the universe began as a singularity, and when the singularity of the universe started to expand, the Big Bang occurred, which began the universe.

People disagree on the origins of the singularity.

It may be like a black hole, which is a singularity sincegravity in a black hole becomes boundless.

Others like Stephen Hawking say "time" did not exist and was only born with the universe. Hence the universe does not have an origin story. Time did not exist before the creation of the universe.

There is currently no theoretical model that explains the earliest moments of the universe's existence (during the Planck time). This is because we lack a testable theory of quantum gravity. Still, some researchers in string theory, M theory, and loop quantum cosmology have some ideas.

There are certain myths that also propose how the universe was created: for example creation myths in the Bible, the Dào Dé Jīng, and other genesis stories. These usually involve


The Eridu Genesis, written on Sumerian tablets, is one of the oldest creation myths. The universe was created from a sea (Abzu). In Greek mythology, Zeus created the universe from chaos. Aztec creation has four versions of earth being created and destroyed, before settling the fifth and current earth. In Bushongo creation, the great god Bumba vomited up the sun, then the earth and everything else.

Cosmology studies the universe in general. You can still study the universe without thinking about its origin, which is what cosmonogy studies specifically.

History of Russia

The history of Russia begins with the East Slavs, Turkic, and the Finno-Ugric peoples. Parts of Southern Russia around the Black sea were settled by Greeks and Romans until about the 3rd century. Huns and Turkic tribes invaded the regions around the Black sea until the 10th century. Eastern Slavs then immigrated to the region. Vikings created the Kievan Rus. In the 13th century, Mongols conquered the region and created the Golden Horde. The Mongols ruled until the 15th century. The tsardom of Russia and Russian empire were then created. Poland-Lithuania invaded Moscow, but Russia eventually drove them out. Russia expanded more west and east into Siberia. Napoleon tried to invade Russia during the winter but failed. Russia fought against Germany in WW1. In 1917, the October Revolution happened, and the communists led by Lenin created the Soviet Union. In WW2, Hitler also failed to invade Russia. Russia occupied East Germany, Poland, and most of East Europe during the Cold War. It became a big rival of the United States. In the 1990s, the Union ended, with things like the Yugoslavia revolution, and became modern Russia. In 2014 Russia annexed Crimea from the Ukraine and faced sanctions from US and others because of it.

In the 8th century BCE, Greek merchants migrated to Tanais and Phanagoria. The Bosporan Kingdom (a Greek kingdom) became part of the Roman Empire. In the 2nd century AD Germanic Goths migrated to the Black Sea. In the 3rd and 4th centuries AD, the Gothic Oium existed in Southern Russia until it was conquered by Huns.

Between the 3rd and 6th centuries AD, the Bosporan Kingdom was also invaded by Eastern nomads like the Huns and Turkish Avars.

A Turkic people, the Khazars, conquered the lower Volga basin steppes between the Caspian and Black Seas up to the 8th century. They were known for their laws, tolerance, and cosmopolitanism. The Khazars traded with the Baltic and the Muslim Abbasid empire centered in Baghdad. They were important allies of the Byzantine Empire, and helped win wars against Arab Caliphates. In the 8th century, the Khazars became Jewish.

Some of the ancestors of the modern Russians were the Slavic tribes. They came from the forests of the Pripet Marshes. The Early East Slavs gradually settled Western Russia by moving from Kyiv towards present-day Suzdal and Murom and then from Polotsk towards Novgorod and Rostov.

From the 7th century onwards, East Slavs were the majority of Western Russia. They mixed slowly and peacefully with the native Finno-Ugric tribes, such as the Merya, the Muromians, and the Meshchera.

The Cyrillic alphabet, invented in modern Bulgaria in the 9th century, also spread during this period.

Vikings or Varangians did piracy and trade throughout Northern Europe. In the mid-9th century, they conquered the eastern Baltic to the Black and Caspian Seas. A Varangian named Rurik became ruler of Novgorod in about 860, before they moved south and conquered Kyiv, which had been previously belonged to the Turkic Khazars. Rurik's son Igor and Igor's son Sviatoslav then conquered the East Slavic tribes, destroyed the Khazar khaganate, and fought wars against Byzantium and Persia.

Thus, Rus' was born in the 9th century along the Dnieper River valley. The Kievan Rus' controlled the trade for furs, wax, and slaves between Scandinavia and the Byzantine Empire along the Volkhov and Dnieper Rivers.

Near the 11th century, the Norse ruling class mixed with the Eastern Slavs. The Slavs absorbed Greek Christian influences when trying to loot Constantinople. Svyatoslav I claimed victory in one such campaign; he also defeated the Khazars on the Volga. The Byzantine Empire was declining but would influence Russia culturally.

For example through the Byzantine, the Kievan Rus' introduced the Slavic variant of the Eastern Orthodox Christianity. They became Christian in 988.

Then Yaroslav the Wise wrote some laws. It had name “The Russian true”.

By the 11th century, Yaroslav the Wise helped improve the economy and literature. The Russian language was not that influenced by Greek and Latin. Church Slavonic was used directly in liturgy instead.

A nomadic Turkic people, the Kipchaks (or Cumans), replaced earlier Pechenegs in the south steppe at the end of the 11th century. They founded a nomadic state along the Black Sea (Desht-e-Kipchak). The Kipchaks and Kyivans fought.

The Rus were conquered by the Mongol Golden Horde in the 13th century. Kyiv was destroyed. Halych-Volhynia would eventually be absorbed into the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth, while the Mongol-dominated Vladimir-Suzdal and independent Novgorod Republic became the basis for modern Russia.

In 1223, the disunited southern princes faced a Mongol raiding party at the Kalka River and were soundly defeated. In 1237–1238 the Mongols burnt down the city of Vladimir (4 February 1238) and other major cities of northeast Russia, defeated the Russians at the Sit' River, and then moved west to conquer Poland and Hungary. By then they had conquered most of Russia.

The Mongols destroyed the cities. Some, like Kyiv and Vladimir, never recovered. The new cities of Moscow, Tver and Nizhny Novgorod began to compete for hegemony in the Mongol-dominated Russia. The Golden Horde was established in the 14th century. Mongol domination of the Russia, along with demands of tribute from Russian princes, continued until about 1480.

After the fall of the Turkic Khazars in the 10th century, the Volga were conquered by the Volga Bulgaria, part of Greater Bulgaria. In the 10th century the Turks converted to Islam and traded with the Middle East and Central Asia. After the Mongol invasions of the 1230s, Volga Bulgaria was annexed by the Golden Horde. Its population evolved into the modern Chuvashes and Kazan Tatars.

The Mongols controlled Russia and Volga Bulgaria from their western capital at Sarai, one of the largest cities of the medieval world. Russian princes had to pay tribute to the Mongols of the Golden Horde, commonly called Tatars. The Russian Orthodox Church even experienced a revival under the Metropolitan Alexis and Sergius of Radonezh.

The Mongols influenced Russian military tactics and transportation. Under Mongol occupation, Russia developed its postal road network, census, fiscal system, and military organization.

Daniil Aleksandrovich founded Moscow (Muscovy). They were first a vassal to the Mongols and Tatars.

The Mongol rulers gave them the title of Grand Prince of Moscow and made them collect tribute from the Russian principalities. Moscow became the center of the Russian Orthodox Church.

In the 15th century, the princes of Moscow continued to consolidate Russian land to increase their population and wealth. The most successful one was Ivan III, who laid the foundations for the Russian nation. Ivan competed with the Grand Duchy of Lithuania for control over the upper Dnieper and Oka River basins.

Ivan III was able to annex Novgorod and Tver. As a result, the Grand Duchy of Moscow tripled in size.

Ivan then overthrew the ruling Tatars and Golden Horde, now divided into several Khanates and hordes. Ivan wanted to protect the southern borders from the Crimean Tatars and other Turko-Mongol armies. He built Great Abatis Belt, gave land to nobles in exchange for military service. This expanded the army.

Eventually Ivan IV became the first Russian ruler to call theirself tsar.

Ivan III tripled the territory of his state, ended the dominance of the Golden Horde over the Rus', revived the Moscow Kremlin. But he was also anti-Catholic and isolated Russia from western civilization.

In the 14th century, Timur conquered parts of Southern Russia and occupied Moscow for some time.

"Ivan the Terrible" increased the powers of the tsar. He got rid of many people he did not like for the smallest things. But he helped develop Russia and adapt new laws and decreased the influence of the church.

Ivan annexed the Khanates of Kazan, Astrakhan, and Siberia. Russia now had Muslim Tatar populations and became a multiethnic and multiconfessional state. The Stroganov family also controlled the Urals and hired Russian Cossacks to colonize Siberia.

Ivan divided Russia and created the "oprichnina." There Ivan killed nobles in the Massacre of Novgorod in 1570. Military losses, disease, and lack of food weakened Russia. The Crimean Tatars were able to loot central Russian and burn down Moscow in 1571. In 1572 Ivan stopped.

At the end of Ivan IV's rule the Polish–Lithuanian and Swedish armies invaded northwestern Russia.

There then were many civil wars and foreign invasions known as the "Time of Troubles" (1606–13). Extremely cold summers (1601–1603) destroyed crops, which led to the Russian famine of 1601–1603 and increased the chaos.

During the Polish–Muscovite War (1605–1618), Polish–Lithuanian forces invaded Moscow and appointed puppet rulers.

But Russia finally took back Moscow on .

In February 1613, Michael Romanov was elected as ruler. The Romanov dynasty ruled Russia until 1917.

Russia expanded a lot during the 17th century, including the first Russian colonization of the Pacific in the mid-17th century, the Russo-Polish War (1654–67), and the Russian conquest of Siberia. Russia gained most of its territory from Siberia.

After victory in the Great Northern War Russia became empire. The tsar Peter the Great became an emperor.

The Tsarist system was completely overthrown in February 1917 in the February Revolution.
State Duma deputy took the power and organized Provisional government. First prince Lvov was its head. He lost popularity and Alexander Kerensky became it.



Glauber dynamics

In statistical physics, Glauber dynamics is a way to simulate the Ising model (a model of magnetism) on a computer. It is a type of Markov Chain Monte Carlo algorithm.

In the Ising model, we have say N particles that can spin up (+1) or down (-1). Say the particles are on a 2D grid. We label each with an x and y coordinate. Glauber's algorithm becomes:


This tries to approximate how the spins change over time. The fancy term is that it is part of nonequilibrium statistical mechanics, which roughly studies the time-dependent behavior of statistical mechanics.

The algorithm is named after Roy J. Glauber, Nobel Prize winner and a Harvard physicist who worked at Los Alamos.


Tropical Storm Danas (2019)

Tropical Storm Danas (International Code: 1905, Joint Typhoon Warning Center: WP062019, Philippine Atmospheric, Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration: Falcon) is the 5th named tropical cyclone in the 2019 Pacific typhoon season.

On July 11, a low-pressure zone was formed near the Mariana Islands, and the US Naval Research Laboratory gave it a tropical disturbance number of 98W. At 8 o'clock on the morning of July 14, the Japan Meteorological Agency upgraded it to a tropical depression. At this point the system moves to the approximate west. At 8 pm, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center gave its development rating "low". At 8 o'clock on the morning of July 15, the Japan Meteorological Agency issued a gale warning, and the Central Meteorological Bureau of Taiwan upgraded it to a tropical depression, given the number TD10 . At 3 pm, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center upgraded the rating to "Medium". At 10 pm, the Hong Kong Observatory upgraded it to a tropical depression.

At 6:30 am on July 16, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center upgraded the rating to "High" and issued a tropical cyclone warning. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center raised the system to a tropical depression at 2:40 pm, giving the number 06W. At 3 pm on the same day, the Japan Meteorological Agency upgraded it to a tropical storm, giving the international number 1905 and named it "Danas", followed by the China National Meteorological Center, the Central Meteorological Bureau of Taiwan, and PAGASA also upgraded it to a tropical storm. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center was upgraded to a tropical storm late that night.

On July 19, the JMA reported that Danas has reached its peak wind speeds with continuous winds of 85 km/h (50 mph). Later that day, Danas began to weaken. On July 20, around 13:00 UTC, Danas made landfall on South Korea as a minimal tropical storm, before weakening into a tropical depression soon afterward. The weakening trend also accelerated on July 20 due to the drop in sea temperature to 23 degrees Celsius near landfall. The Republic of Korea Meteorological Administration downgraded Danas to a tropical depression at 11 am and stopped issuing announcements. At 12:45 UTC on July 21, Danas transitioned into an extratropical low in the Sea of Japan, and the JMA issued their final advisory on the storm.

On July 15, the system was enhanced to a tropical depression. At 11 pm, the Philippine Atmospheric Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration issued the No. 1 storm signal to the northern part of Isabela Province, Cagayan Province and the Bataan Islands. As Denas continued to approach Luzon, the Philippine Atmospheric Geophysical and Astronomical Services Administration issued a second storm signal to the northern part of Cagayan Province at 5 pm on the 16th. 

PAGASA cancelled all storm signals for the Philippines on July 18th.

Danas brought heavy rainfall to many western parts of Japan including nearly all of Kyushu.

In addition, the amount of rain that fell in the last 24 hours exceeded 350 mm in various places in Goto, and reaches the rainfall for July 1 month in normal years, and it has become the largest since July. 

On July 20, around 13:00 UTC, Danas made landfall on South Jeolla Province, South Korea as a minimal tropical storm. It caused heavy rain across the country but damages were unknown. Locally heavy rainfall will continue across much of South Korea and southwest Japan through Sunday night, with additional rainfall of 50-100 mm (2-4 inches) in many locations.

Fort William, India

Fort William was the fort that was granted (Britishers were allowed to construct it on the grounds of Bengal) to the Britishers by the Nawab of Bengal for their short termed loyalty and sincerity they showed towards the Nawab.

Tuvan People's Republic

Tuvan People's Republic was a partially recognized state that existed from 1921 to 1944. After 1944 it became part of the Soviet Union. Until 1926, it was also known as People's Republic Tannu-Tuva. Only two states recognized the it: the Soviet Union and Mongolia. Even when it existed, it was seen as a puppet state of the Soviet Union. Its economy was largely based on nomads raising and selling cattle. The republic was between the Siberian part of Russia, and Mongolia. The capital was the city of Kyzyl. Since 1992, the territory is known as the Tuvan Republic. It is a self-governing part inside the Russian state.

Grizzy and the Lemmings

Grizzy & the Lemmings () is a French computer-animated television series produced by Studio Hari with the participation of France Télévisions, Cartoon Network and Boomerang. It is a silent comedy focusing on a grizzly bear, named Grizzy, having to deal with the group of the eponymous lemmings, who he is irritated by. The show has no real dialogue, as characters will speak gibberish. The three-dimensional designs are by Bertrand Gatignol for the characters and Édouard Cellura for the sets.

The series was announced on June 22, 2015, and debuted internationally in the fall of 2016. It was renewed for a second season on July 5, 2017, which is stated to air on a number of channels around the globe in 2018. Season 1 was released for Netflix on July 15, 2019. In 2019, Hari Productions (Studio Hari) announced the development of the third season, titled Grizzy & the Lemmings World Tour. Season 3 came out in 2021 ended in October 8, 2022.

The Movie was released by January 7, 2007, was distributed by Paramount Pictures and produced by Nickelodeon Movies, Studio Hari, France Televisions and Boomerang

Grizzy is an anthropormorphic Grizzly bear who has a brown body and light brown fat stomach, and lives in the forest ranger's cabin. The setting for the series is a forest cabin that serves as a sort of vacation home for humans, but when the human owner is away, Grizzy the bear makes himself at home. Grizzy sees the cabin as his personal paradise and goes to great lengths to enjoy its comforts, which include a well-stocked refrigerator, a cozy fireplace, and various gadgets.

However, the cabin is not vacant, as a group of lemmings also inhabits the area. These small, blue-furred creatures are playful and love causing chaos. They often thwart Grizzy's attempts to enjoy the cabin by engaging in zany and humorous schemes.

The central dynamic of the show revolves around Grizzy trying to maintain his peaceful enjoyment of the cabin while dealing with the Lemmings' relentless and unpredictable antics. Grizzy's character is portrayed as clever but often overconfident, leading to humorous situations as he attempts to outsmart the Lemmings.

The Lemmings are a group of anthropomorphic lemmings with blue bodies and light bluish gray stomachs, also inhabiting Forest Ranger's cabin. The Lemmings, on the other hand, have a knack for coming up with creative solutions to their problems, even if those solutions usually involve chaotic and slapstick humor. Despite their mischievous nature, they have a certain charm that makes them endearing.



Mark Sanford

Marshall Clement "Mark" Sanford Jr. (born May 28, 1960) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican. He was a U.S. Representative for South Carolina's 1st congressional district from 1995 to 2001. Sanford was then elected Governor of South Carolina from 2003 until 2011. He ran again for the U.S. House and was a congressman from 2013 to 2019. He lost in the 2018 Republican primary for his re-election bid.

Sanford is a teaching fellow at the University of Chicago Institute of Politics.

In July 2019, Sanford said that he was thinking of a 2020 presidential bid against President Donald Trump for the Republican nomination. He formally announced his candidacy on September 8, 2019. He dropped out from the race two months later on November 12.

Word (computer architecture)

A word is the number of bits a particular computer's CPU can deal with in one go. 

Modern processors, including those in embedded systems, usually have a word size of 8, 16, 24, 32, or 64 bits.

Raffaele La Capria

Raffaele La Capria (3 October 1922 – 26 June 2022) was an Italian novelist and screenwriter. He was known for his series of three novels (the most important is "Ferito a morte") which were known as "Tre romanzi di una giornata". La Capria was born in Naples. He was married to actress Ilaria Occhini until her death in July 2019.

He worked as co-scriptwriter on many of Francesco Rosi's movies, including "Le mani sulla città" (1963), "Uomini contro" (1970) and "Cristo si è fermato a Eboli" (1979). In September 2001 he won a Premio Campiello lifetime achievement award and in 2005 "L'estro quotidiano" was selected as the winner of the Viareggio Prize for fiction.

La Capria died on 26 June 2022 in Rome, Italy at the age of 99.

Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow

Gurbanguly Mälikgulyýewiç Berdimuhamedow (born 29 June 1957) is a Turkmen politician. He was the 2nd President of Turkmenistan from 2007 until 2022.

Berdimuhamedow, a dentist, worked in the government under President Saparmurat Niyazov as Minister of Health. He is the first dentist in the world to head a state or a government.

In February 2022, Berdimuhamedow announced his plans not to run for re-election in 2022.

President of Turkmenistan

President of Turkmenistan (Turkmen:Türkmenistanyň prezidenti) is the head of state, head of government and the chief executive of Turkmenistan

Serdar Berdimuhamedow is the current President of Turkmenistan, only the third in the history of the country since it gained independence with the dissolution of the Soviet Union in 1991.

The President is also the Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces of Turkmenistan and the Chairman of the country's Cabinet of Ministers.

The country passed reforms in 2016 eliminating term limits for the presidency and removing the age requirement of below 70, as well as extending the term from five to seven years. 

Requirements for candidates for President of Turkmenistan include the following:



Raşit Meredow

Raşit Öwezgeldiýewiç Meredow (Cyrillic: Рашит Өвезгелдиевич Мередов; born 1959) is a Turkmen politician. He is the Minister of Foreign Affairs since 2001, as well as a Deputy Chairman of the Cabinet of Ministers of Turkmenistan. He is also the First Vice President of Turkmenistan since 2007 working for the Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow administration.

Eberhard Kummer

Eberhard Kummer (2 August 1940 – 12 July 2019) was an Austrian folk singer and lawyer. He was an expert of medieval music. Kummer was born in Krems an der Donau, Austria. He played the hurdy-gurdy, the harp and the guitar, and made important works to medieval music and the Austrian folksong.

Kummer died on 12 July 2019 in Vienna at the age of 78.

Rosa María Britton

Rosa María Britton (July 28, 1936 – July 16, 2019) was a Panamanian doctor and novelist. She was born in Panama City. Her best known novels were: "El ataúd de uso" (1983), "El señor de las lluvias y el viento" (1984), "No pertenezco a este siglo" (1991), "Laberintos de orgullo" (2002) and "Suspiros de fantasmas" (2005).

Britton died on July 16, 2019 in Panama City at the age of 82.

Daniel Callahan

Daniel Callahan (July 19, 1930 – July 16, 2019) was an American philosopher. He was an important person towards the field of biomedical ethics. He was the co-founder of The Hastings Center, the world's first bioethics research institute. He was the Director of The Hastings Center from 1969 to 1983, president from 1984 to 1996, and president emeritus from 1996 to 2019. He was the author or editor of 47 books. He was born in Washington, D.C..

Callahan died on July 16, 2019 in Dobbs Ferry, New York at the age of 88.

John Elya

John Adel Elya (16 September 1928 – 19 July 2019) was a bishop of the Melkite Greek Catholic Church. From 1993 to 2004, he was Eparch of Newton, with jurisdiction over Melkite churches in the United States. He was born in Maghdouché, Lebanon.

Elya died on 19 July 2019 at the age of 90.

Bert Rechichar

Albert Daniel "Bert" Rechichar (July 16, 1930 – July 19, 2019) was an American football defensive back and kicker. He played with the National Football League's Cleveland Browns, Baltimore Colts, and Pittsburgh Steelers from 1952 to 1960. He also played for the American Football League's New York Titans in 1961. He was born in Belle Vernon, Pennsylvania.

Rechichar died on July 19, 2019 in Belle Vernon, Pennsylvania from an illness, aged 89.

Belle Vernon, Pennsylvania

Belle Vernon is a borough in Fayette County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is near the Monongahela River. As of the 2020 census Belle Vernon had a population of 1,024.

Ilaria Occhini

Ilaria Occhini (28 March 1934 – 20 July 2019) was an Italian actress. She starred in more than 30 movies. Her best known roles were "Doctor and the Healer", "Welcome to Home Gori" and "Loose Cannons". Her husband was screenwriter Raffaele La Capria.

Occhini died in Rome on 20 July 2019 at the age of 85.

José Manuel Estepa Llaurens

José Manuel Estepa Llaurens (1 January 1926 – 21 July 2019) was a cardinal of the Catholic Church and Military Archbishop Emeritus of Spain from 1986 to 2003. He was born in Andújar, Spain.

He was created Cardinal-Priest of "S. Gabriele Arcangelo all’Acqua Traversa" by Pope Benedict XVI in a consistory at St. Peter's Basilica on 20 November 2010. Because he had already reached age 80, he was not eligible to participate in a conclave.

Estepa Llaurens died on 21 July 2019 in Madrid at the age of 93.

Louis Lansana Beavogui

Louis Lansana Beavogui (28 December 1923 – 19 August 1984) was a Guinean politician. He was the first Prime Minister of Guinea from 26 April 1972 to 3 April 1984 and was interim President from 26 March 1984 to 3 April 1984.

Beavogui was born on 28 December 1923 in Macenta, French Guinea (now Guinea) and died of diabetes while hospitalized in Conakry, Guinea on 19 August 1984, aged 60.

Choctaw County, Mississippi

Choctaw County is a county in the central U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 8,246 people lived there. The county seat is Ackerman.

Claiborne County, Mississippi

Claiborne County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 9,135 people lived there. Its county seat is Port Gibson.

Clarke County, Mississippi

Clarke County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 15,615 people lived there. Its county seat is Quitman.

Neshoba County, Mississippi

Neshoba County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 29,087 people lived there. Its county seat is Philadelphia.

Copiah County, Mississippi

Copiah County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 28,368 people lived there. Its county seat is Hazlehurst.

Covington County, Mississippi

Covington County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 18,340 people lived there. Its county seat is Collins.

Forrest County, Mississippi

Forrest County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 78,158 people lived there. Its county seat and largest city is Hattiesburg.

DeSoto County, Mississippi

DeSoto County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 185,314 people lived there, making it the third-most populous county in Mississippi. Its county seat is Hernando.

George County, Mississippi

George County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 24,350 people lived there. Its county seat is Lucedale.

Ryukyu Kingdom

The Ryukyu Kingdom is a country that no longer exists in present-day Okinawa. Before Japan took control of it during the Meiji Era, it was an independent country with its own culture, government, and language from 1429 to 1879. Okinawa was a major trading center in Asia, so there are aspects of Chinese, Japanese, and other Asian cultures that were blended into the native Okinawan culture.

The name Ryukyu is a transcription of the Chinese name for the region, "Liuqiu" (written as 琉球 in Chinese characters).

Before the Ryukyu Kingdom was created, Okinawa was made up of three countries: Nanzan, Chuzan, and Hokuzan. Chuzan took over the other two kingdoms, united the three kingdoms, and created the Ryukyu Kingdom. The kingdom had its own dynasty of kings and they ruled from Shuri Castle in the city of Shuri. Although they used to be different cities, Shuri is now in the northern part of present-day Naha.

Shurijo

Shurijo or Shuri Castle was the palace where the Ryukyu kings lived before Okinawa became part of Japan. Since it was built when Okinawa was independent, the castle structure is very different from other castles in Japan. Shuri Castle is located in Shuri. Shuri was once the Ryukyu capital, but it is now part of the present-day city of Naha.

Throughout its history, it had been destroyed and rebuilt four times, including during the Battle of Okinawa. This is why the courtyard is a little asymmetrical, or lop-sided. It was a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

On the morning of 31 October 2019, a large fire broke out at the main hall of the castle. "Seiden", "Hokuden", "Nanden" and "Bandokoro" were completely destroyed. According to news sources, "Six castle buildings occupying some 4,200 square meters in total were [destroyed]." The fire was put out around 1:30 p.m.

Grenada County, Mississippi

Grenada County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 21,629 people lived there. Its county seat is Grenada.

Sweetwater, Texas

Sweetwater is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Nolan County.

Shuri

Shuri was the capital of the former countries of Chuzan and later of the Ryukyu Kingdom, which were in present-day Okinawa. The Ryukyu kings would rule the kingdom from Shuri Castle. Today, it is a district of the present-day city of Naha. Shuri and Naha used to be different cities, but since Okinawa became part of Japan, Shuri would no longer be the capital. The Japanese government made Naha, which was a nearby port city, to be Okinawa's capital instead. Today, Shuri Station it is the last stop on the Okinawa Urban Monorail.

Mamady Youla

Mamady Youla (born 1961) is a Guinean businessman and politician. He was the Prime Minister of Guinea from 29 December 2015 to 24 May 2018.

Okinawa Urban Monorail

The Okinawa Urban Monorail, or the Yui Rail, is a monorail train line in Naha, the capital of Okinawa, Japan. It is the only public train line in the entire prefecture, and right now the entire line is only in Naha. It has 15 stops, beginning from Naha Airport and ending in Shuri Station. There are plans to extend the line to Urasoe City. There are also plans to allow passengers to pay using Suica by the spring of 2020.

Social commentary

Social commentary is indirectly expressing an opinion on how society should change. Martin Luther, Jonathan Swift and Charles Dickens are among many people who wrote social commentaries.

Low comedy

Low comedy is a form of comedy that is meant only to make people laugh without any satire or social commentary. Low comedy can have people getting drunk, getting hit in the face with pies, tripping over banana peels and getting wedgies. The name "Low Comedy" was created by John Dryden. It is often seen as the opposite of High Comedy.

High comedy

High comedy is a form of comedy based on wit, satire or clever dialogue. The phrase was created by George Meredith in his 1877 "Essay on Comedy" in which he says that it is the opposite of low comedy.

Hyde Park and Regent's Park bombings

The Hyde Park and Regent's Park bombings occurred on 20 July 1982. Members of the Provisional Irish Republican Army used a bomb in each park to attack British military ceremonies in central London.

In Hyde Park, a nail bomb in a car exploded. It killed four soldiers and seven horses.

In Regent's Park, a bomb underneath a bandstand killed seven military bandsmen.

Mainland Japan

Mainland Japan is the name used to describe all the regions of Japan except for Hokkaido and Okinawa. Until the end of World War II, the name included Hokkaido and Okinawa, but it excluded all the colonies of the Japanese Empire, including Korea and Taiwan. However, since the colonies are no longer under control of Japan, those places have no reason to call Japan "the mainland."

However, they are still used by residents of Okinawa and Hokkaido because their cultures and native people are different from the other parts of Japan.

In Hokkiado, the word "Dogai" is also used. It means every part of Japan outside of Hokkaido.

Japanese knotweed

Japanese knotweed ("Persicaria japonica") is a perennial herbaceous plant. It lives in Asian countries including Taiwan, Japan and southern China.

Mongolian Revolution of 1911

The Outer Mongolian Revolution of 1911 happened when Outer Mongolia did not want to be part of the Qing dynasty anymore. They wanted to govern themselves. It happened at the same time as the Xinhai Revolution. 

Outer Mongolia is now the modern country of Mongolia. It is different from Inner Mongolia, which is in China.

Mongolia used to be part of the Qing dynasty. But by the 20th century Mongolia was poor. Because of the Taiping Rebellion (1850–1864) many other people were poor. The Qing was running out of money. 

The Qing also moved many of the Mongols' animals to the rest of China to feed others. This made Mongols upset.

Manchus people created the Qing dynasty. They were not Han Chinese. But they eventually became Chinese themselves. They failed to keep the Manchus "pure". Still they tried to separate Han from Manchus and Mongols. For example, Han could not enter Mongolia, and Mongols could not leave Mongolia. Mongols were not allowed to speak Chinese. 

In 1895, the Qing lost the First Sino-Japanese War. The Qing was declining.

The Boxer Rebellion and Japan's victory over Russia in 1905 made the Chinese hopeful that they could make things better. So they created new reforms called the Xinzheng or "New Policies" (新政).

One of the goals of Xinzheng was to move more Han Chinese into Outer Mongolia (cultural assimilation). This was to tell Russians to stay away from Mongolia as it still belonged to China. The Qing thought of this as a "shield".

Between 1901 and 1910, the Qing passed laws allowing: Han Chinese to settle Chinese Mongolia, intermarriage between Han and Mongol Chinese, Mongols to speak Chinese.

In 1910 the Qing government made Sando the ruler of Mongolia in Ulaanbaatar. Plans were made to send Han farmers to Mongolia. In January 1911 the army was organized. Half of the army was Mongol. The Mongolians did not like this. They did not like the tax. They were "penniless". They did not want farmers and still wanted to be nomads and horseback riders.

Prince Tögs-Ochiryn Namnansüren convinced the Jebstundamba Khutukhtu to support independence. He and another leader Qin Wang (Mijiddorjiin Khanddorj) then asked Russia to help. 

St. Petersburg heard the message. Russia wanted some distance from Japan and wanted Outer Mongolia to be a buffer state. So Russia sent some troops.

In 1911, the Qing government was overthrown in the Xinhai Revolution. While the rest of China was busy with this problem, the Mongols saw this as the perfect opportunity to secede from the union. In 30 Novmber 1911 Mongol and Russian soldiers surrounded Kulun (Ulanbatar).

On December 5, Khanddorj declared independence. In January 1912 the Governor of Uliastai in western Mongolia escaped protected by Russian Cossack troops. But the governor of Khovd decided to resist, hoping for support from Xinjiang. However they were defeated. In August 1912, Khovd left the country protected by the Coassacks.

Outer Mongolia then wanted Inner Mongolia (Pan-Mongolism). Some riots did happen in Inner Mongolia. And for some time, Outer Mongolia had parts of western Inner Mongolia. But then the new Beijing government also began to fight in Inner Mongolia. Outer Mongolia began to lose supplies. And Russia did not want to support the Outer Mongols or fight another war. So China kept Inner Mongolia. The year-long war was not good for Inner Mongolia. It is known as Year of the Ox rebellion ("牛年之乱" Үхэр жилийн үймээн).

On 1912 November 3, Russia signed a deal 《俄蒙协约》with Mongolia to mine in Mongolia in exchange for saying Mongolia is autonomous. China was not happy. So in 1913 September 18, Sun Baoqi () signed a new agreement between China and Russia《中俄声明文件》. China agrees not to put troops in Mongolia and recognize the Russian-Mongol deal 《俄蒙协约》. In return, Russia recognizes that China has suzerainty over Mongolia. So China's power over Mongolia changed from sovereignty to suzerainty.

Korean Empire

The Korean Empire (Daehan Jeguk"," ) lasted between 1897 and 1910. It was the last time Korea was unified and independent. The empire was established when the king Gojong became an emperor. After the First Sino-Japanese War, Korea was no longer a Chinese tributary state. But then in 1907 Korea became a Japanese protectorate, and 1910, got annexed by Japan as the province of Choson. Korea became a Japanese colony until 1945. Then after the Korean War it split.

After First Sino-Japanese War, the Russia Empire and Japanese Empire fought for the control of Korea Peninsula. Eventually, the Russo-Japanese War occured. The Russia Empire was defeated by the Japanese Empire that was supported by British Empire. Then, the Korea Empire's Neutrality was threaten by the Japanese Empire. At the Russo-Japanese War, the British Empire and the United States viewed on Korea's peace was not important more than the Russia's expansion. In addition, the international views on a Korea Penisula was changed. The Japanese Empire's forces got stronger as the time pass. Korea's unequal treaties were hidden and ignored.

Japanese annexation of Korea

The Japanese annexation of Korea happened in 1910. The Empire of Japan annexed (made part of its territory) the Korean Empire. In Japanese it is also called 日韓併合、朝鮮併合、日韓合邦 which translate as annexation of Korea, annexation of Joseon (an old name of Korea), and unification of Japan and Korea. 

Then Japanese ruled Korea until 1945, after the Potsdam Conference at the end of World War II. 

Ellsworth County, Kansas

Ellsworth County (county code EW) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 6,376 people lived there. Its county seat is Ellsworth. Ellsworth is also the biggest city in the county.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.0%) is water. It is intersected by the Smoky Hill River.





Hot pot

Hot pot is a popular food throughout China, and its popularity is increasing in other countries. Hot pot restaurants can be found in many places in China. Hot pot is a pot of boiling water, often with chili oil inside, where people put in whatever food they like to boil. Food that is cooked often includes thin slices of meat, starches, vegetables, mushrooms, and noodles. Chengdu and Chongqing hot pot are especially well-known throughout China and worldwide. In Japanese, the dish is called shabu-shabu.

Death Parade

When someone dies, they are sent to one of many bars run by bartenders. There, they must play a Death Games with their souls on the line. The game reveals their secrets and what led them to their situation. Based on what is revealed, the bartender sends them for reincarnation or banishment into the void. The story is about Decim, a bartender of the bar where people who died at the same time are sent to. The place is also known as the Quindecim bar. His role in judging these souls changes when he meets a curious black-haired woman.

Birmingham pub bombings

The Birmingham pub bombings were carried out by the Provisional Irish Republican Army on 21 November 1974. Two bombs exploded in pubs in Birmingham, West Midlands, England, killing 21 people.

The first bomb exploded in the Mulberry Bush, killing ten people.

The second bomb exploded in the Tavern in the Town, killing eleven people.

A third bomb was planted in the doorway of a branch of Barclays bank. It was found by a policeman and did not explode. 

The Birmingham bombings were 20th century England's most deadly terrorist attack. 

List of heads of state of India

This is a list of the heads of state of India, from the independence of India in 1947 to the present day. The current head of state of India is Ram Nath Kovind, elected in 2017 after being nominated by BJP, the party run by Prime Minister Narendra Modi.

From 1947 to 1950 the head of state under the Indian Independence Act 1947 was King of India, who was also the Monarch of the United Kingdom and of the other Dominions of the British Commonwealth. The monarch was represented in India by a Governor-General. India became a republic under the Constitution of 1950 and the Monarch and Governor-General were replaced by a ceremonial President.

The succession to the throne was the same as the succession to the British throne.

The Governor-General was the representative of the Monarch in India and exercised most of the powers of the Monarch. The Governor-General was appointed for an indefinite term, serving at the pleasure of the Monarch. After the passage of the Statute of Westminster 1931, the Governor-General was appointed solely on the advice of the Cabinet of India without the involvement of the British government. In the event of a vacancy the Chief Justice served as Officer Administering the Government.

Under the Constitution, of the Republic of India, the President replaced the Monarch as ceremonial head of state. The President is elected by the Electoral College for a five-year term. In the event of a vacancy the Vice-President serves as Acting President.


There are two living former Indian heads of state:

Gravitino

A gravitino is a theoretical particle that physicists think will carry the force of gravity. There is no confirmation of the particle's existence.

It’s essentially the same as the graviton particle.
Bepanah Pyaar

Bepanah Pyaar (English: " Endless Love") is an Indian romantic drama television series produced by Ekta Kapoor under her banner Balaji Telefilms. It premiered on 3 June 2019 on Colors TV. It stars Pearl V Puri, Ishita Dutta and Aparna Dixit as Raghbir, Pragati and Bani.

The series revolves around two star-crossed lovers Raghbir and Bani who love each other endlessly but destiny brings them apart as Bani dies in an accident. Soon destiny brings Pragati in Raghbir's life.


Louisiana Territory

The Territory of Louisiana or Louisiana Territory was an organized incorporated territory of the United States. It was made from the former Louisiana (New France) on July 4, 1805. It lasted until June 4, 1812, when it was renamed the Missouri Territory.

On March 3, 1805, Congress passed legislation organizing the District of Louisiana into the Louisiana Territory, starting July 4, 1805.

The Territory was governed like how the Indiana Territory was governed.

The capitol of government was in St. Louis.

The first territorial governor was James Wilkinson. He was chosen by President Thomas Jefferson. He also was a Senior Officer of the United States Army while he was governor.


Guo Shoujing

Guo Shoujing (, 1231–1316), or Ruosi (若思), was a Chinese astronomer, engineer, and mathematician. He lived during the Yuan Dynasty (1271–1368). He is considered one of the greatest scientists in Chinese history. Guo was a major influence in the development of science.

He improved the Grand Canal, built a human-made lake (Kunming lake), created one of the most accurate calendars in history, invented some of the most accurate clocks during his time, and made many other contributions to math, astronomy, and hydraulics (water engineering).

He was born in 1231 in Xingtai, Hebei province. His family was poor. He grandfather, Guo Yong, was famous for his study of the Five Classics to astronomy, mathematics, and hydraulics. Guo Shoujing was a child prodigy. As a teenager, he learned how to build a water clock. He then improved it. His new invention was called the lotus clepsydra (a bowl shaped like a lotus flower that water dripped into). At 16 he began to study math and from there hydraulics and astronomy.

At 20, Guo became a hydraulic engineer and government official. He helped fix a bridge over the Dahuoquan River.

In the late 1250s, Kublai Khan (of the Mongol Empire, Yuan dynasty) thought hydraulic engineering, irrigation, and water transport would help the country and people. He sent Liu Bingzhong and his student Guo to improve irrigation systems between Dadu (now Beijing) and the Yellow River. 

Guo helped build a 30 km canal from Baifu spring in the Shenshan Mountain to Dadu, 

The Grand Canal linked the Yangzi river, the Huai, and Yellow river since the early 7th century. Guo helped extend it to Dadu 1292–93. 

It worked. Kublai Khan was happy, and Guo did similar things for the rest of the empire. He was promoted to chief advisor of hydraulics, mathematics, and astronomy.

He created a human-made Kunming Lake in Beijing. This was one of his most memorable engineering feats.

The lake provided water for all areas surrounding Beijing and led to the best grain transport system in the world. 

He built other reservoirs, thereby allowing people in inner China to access to fresh water for planting, drinking, and trading. 

For irrigation, he provided hydraulics systems which distributed water equally and quickly, which allowed communities to trade more effectively, and therefore prosper. 

In 1292, he became the head of the Water Works Bureau. 

Guo invented many astronomy devices: the gnomon, the square table, the armilla, and a water powered armillary sphere called the Ling Long Yi. 


Even when young Guo was revolutionizing old inventions. His clocks, watches, irrigation, reservoirs, and equilibrium stations were the most accurate of his time, allowing for an extremely accurate recording of time.

Kublai Khan noticed Guo was a genius in astronomy. So he asked Guo, Zhang, and Wang Xun to build a very accurate calendar. It would be the most accurate of its time. They built 27 observatories in the empire to collect data for calculations. 

In 1280, Guo finished the calendar, calculating a year to be 365.2425 days, just 26 seconds off modern measurements. He invented many tools in the process.

The calendar revolutionized China and the world. It allowed more accurate recording of history, gave a sense of unification, and helped later emperors rule over China. His calendar would be used for the next 363 years, the longest a Chinese calendar has been used in history.

Guo was also able to more accurately establish the location of celestial bodies and the angles of the Sun relative to Earth. He invented a new type of compass, helping people find north using the stars instead of magnets.

In 1283, Guo was promoted to director of the Observatory in Beijing. 

Guo’s work in mathematics was regarded as the most knowledgeable for 400 years. Throughout his life he worked a lot on spherical trigonometry, using a system of approximation to find arc lengths and angles. He approximated pi was equal to 3. But this allowed him to solve some equations much faster and more accurately than if he said pi was 3.14...

He also used mathematical functions for spherical trigonometry, building upon the knowledge of Shen Kuo's (1031–1095). 

The next important work in trigonometry would only be printed 300 years later by Xu Guangqi in 1607, during the Ming Dynasty.

Tang Shunzhi 唐順之 (1507-1560) said Guo's work was an example of "practical scholarship" (applying advanced knowledge to solve practical problems). 

Guo influenced the Changzhou School of Thought and spread of "evidential learning" (learning through experience). 

A number of things are named after Guo, including the Asteroid 2012 Guo Shou-Jing and the Large Sky Area Multi-Object Fibre Spectroscopic Telescope near Beijing.

Grand Canal (China)

The Grand Canal or Dayunhe or Jing–Hang Grand Canal () is the longest and oldest canal and artificial river in the world. 

It starts in Beijing; passes through Tianjin, Hebei, Shandong, Jiangsu and Zhejiang; and ends in Hangzhou.

It connects China's two longest rivers: the Yellow River and the Yangzi. 

The oldest parts of the canal were built during the 5th century BC. 

The Sui dynasty (581–618 AD) added some other parts. Between 1271–1633, the Yuan dynasty (through Guo Shoujing and others) and the Ming dynasty improved it and built parts to direct water to Beijing. 

The total length is . Its greatest height is 42 m (138 ft) near the Shandong mountains.

Song Dynasty (960–1279) engineer Qiao Weiyue invented the pound lock in the 10th century. This allowed ships to travel higher and lower through the canal. 

The canal amazed many people throughout history including Japanese monk Ennin (794–864), Persian historian Rashid al-Din (1247–1318), Korean official Choe Bu (1454–1504), and Italian missionary Matteo Ricci (1552–1610).

Historically, flooding of the Yellow River threatened to break the canal. During wartime the canal was even used as a weapon: the dikes of the Yellow River were sometimes broken to flood the enemy troops. But this caused disasters and hurt the economy. 

The Canal has greatly improved China's economy and increased trade between the north and south. It is still used heavily to this day.

It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Slavery in the United States

Slavery in the United States was the legal institution of human slavery in the United States. Slaves were mostly Africans and African Americans. Slavery existed in the United States of America in the 18th and 19th centuries. Slavery existed in British America from early colonial days. Slavery was legal in all Thirteen Colonies at the time of the Declaration of Independence in 1776. It lasted in about half the states until 1865. This was when it was banned in the entire country by the Thirteenth Amendment.

By the time of the American Revolution (1775–1783), slaves had been institutionalized as a racial caste. The caste associated with African ancestry. When the United States Constitution was ratified in 1789, a small number of free people of color were able to vote. This was because they were men who owned property. During and shortly after the Revolutionary War, abolitionist laws were passed in most Northern states, and there was a movement created to end slavery. Slave states tried to extend slavery into new Western territories. They wanted to do this to keep their share of political power in the country. Southern leaders also wanted to annex Cuba as a slave territory. The United States became split over the issue of slavery. It was split into slave and free states. The Mason–Dixon line divided the country. The line divided (free) Pennsylvania from (slave) Maryland.

While Jefferson was president, Congress prohibited the importation of slaves, effective 1808. Although smuggling (illegal importing) through Spanish Florida was common. Slave trading within the United States, however, continued at a fast pace. This was because there was a need for labor due to the creation of cotton plantations in the Deep South. New communities of African-American culture were created in the Deep South. There were 4 million slaves in the Deep South before they were set free.

The first Africans came to the New World with Christopher Columbus in 1492. An African crew member named Juan Las Canaries was on Columbus's ship. Shortly after, the first enslavement happened in what would later be the United States. In 1508, Ponce de Leon created the first settlement near present-day San Juan. He started enslaving the indigenous Tainos. In 1513, to supplement the decreasing number of Tainos people, the first African slaves were imported to Puerto Rico.

The first African slaves in the continental United States came via Santo Domingo to the San Miguel de Gualdape colony (most likely in the Winyah Bay area of present-day South Carolina). It was created by Spanish explorer Lucas Vázquez de Ayllón in 1526.

The colony was almost immediately disrupted by a fight over leadership. During the fight, the slaves revolted, and they ran away from the colony to hide among local Native Americans. De Ayllón and many of the colonists died shortly after from a sickness. The colony was abandoned. The settlers and the slaves who didn't run away went back to Haiti, from where they came.

On August 28, 1565, St. Augustine, Florida was created by the Spanish conquistador Don Pedro Menendez de Aviles. He brought three African slaves with him. During the 16th and 17th centuries, St. Augustine was the where a lot of the slave trade in Spanish colonial Florida happened. It was the first permanent settlement in the continental United States to have African slaves.

60 years later, in the early years of the Chesapeake Bay settlements, colonial officials found it difficult to convince people to come and work for them. This was because the weather and environment of the settlements was very harsh. There was a very high chance that people would die. Most people came from Great Britain as indentured laborers. They signed contracts that said they would pay with work for their transportation, their upkeep, and their training, usually on a farm. The colonies had agricultural economies. These people were often young people who wanted to become permanent residents. In some cases, convicted criminals were sent to the colonies as indentured laborers, rather than being sent to prison. These people were not slaves, but they were required to work for four to seven years in Virginia to pay for the cost of their transportation and maintenance. Many Germans, Scots-Irish, and Irish came to the colonies in the 18th century, settling in the backcountry of Pennsylvania and further south.

The first 19 or so Africans to reach the English colonies arrived in Jamestown, Virginia, in 1619. They were brought by English privateers who had seized them from a captured Portuguese slave ship. Slaves were usually baptized in Africa before sending them. As English custom then considered baptized Christians exempt from slavery, colonists treated these Africans as indentured servants. The African indentured servants joined about 1,000 English indentured servants already in the colony. The Africans were freed after a period of time. They were also given the use of land and supplies by their former masters. 

There were no laws about slavery in Virginia's early history. However, in 1640, a Virginia court sentenced John Punch, an African, to slavery. This was because he tried to run away from his service. He ran away with two white people. The two white people were sentenced only to one more year of their indenture, and three years' service to the colony. This is the first legal sanctioning of slavery in the English colonies. It was one of the first legal distinctions made between Europeans and Africans.

In 1641, Massachusetts became the first colony to allow slavery through law. Massachusetts passed the Body of Liberties. It banned slavery in many cases, but it allowed slaves to be held if they were prisoners of war, if they sold themselves into slavery or were bought somewhere else, or if they were sentenced to slavery as punishment by the government. The Body of Liberties used the word "strangers" to refer to people bought and sold as slaves; they were generally not English subjects. Colonists believed this term referred to Native Americans and Africans.

During most of the British colonial period, slavery existed in all the colonies. Slaves in the North usually worked as house servants, artisans, laborers, and craftsmen. Most were in cities. Many men worked on the docks and in shipping. In 1703, more than 42 percent of New York City households had slaves. New York City had the second-highest proportion of slaves of any city in the colonies after Charleston, South Carolina. Slaves were also used as agricultural workers in farming communities. This included areas of upstate New York and Long Island, Connecticut, and New Jersey. By 1770 there were 397,924 Blacks in a population of 2.17 million. They were not spread out evenly. There were 14,867 in New England where they were 2.7% of the population; 34,679 in the mid-Atlantic colonies where they were 6% of the population (19,000 were in New York or 11%); and 347,378 in the five southern colonies where they were 31% of the population.

The South developed an agricultural economy. It relied on commodity crops. Its planters quickly got more slaves. This was because its commodity crops were labor-intensive.

While there were some African slaves that were kept and sold in England, slavery in Great Britain had not been allowed by statute there. In 1772, it was made unenforceable at common law in England and Wales by a legal decision. The big British role in the international slave trade continued until 1807. Slavery continued in most of Britain's colonies. Many rich slave owners lived in England and had a lot of power.
In early 1775 Lord Dunmore, royal governor of Virginia, wrote to Lord Dartmouth. He wrote he was going to free slaves owned by Patriots in case they rebelled. On November 7, 1775, Lord Dunmore issued Lord Dunmore's Proclamation which declared martial law. He promised freedom for any slaves of American patriots who would leave their masters and join the royal forces. Slaves owned by Loyalist masters, however, were not going to be freed by Dunmore's Proclamation. About 1500 slaves owned by Patriots ran away and joined Dunmore's forces. Most died of disease before they could do any fighting. Three hundred of these freed slaves made it to freedom in Britain.

Many slaves used the war to run away from their plantations. They would run into cities or woods. In South Carolina, nearly 25,000 slaves (30% of the total enslaved population) ran away, migrated, or died during the war. In the South, many slaves died, with many due to escapes. Slaves also escaped throughout New England and the mid-Atlantic, joining the British who had occupied New York.

Slaves and free blacks also fought with the rebels during the Revolutionary War. Washington allowed slaves to be freed who fought with the American Continental Army. Rhode Island started enlisting slaves in 1778. Rhode Island promised money to owners whose slaves enlisted and lived to gain freedom. During the course of the war, about one fifth of the northern army was black. In 1781, Baron Closen, a German officer in the French Royal Deux-Ponts Regiment at the Battle of Yorktown, estimated the American army to be about one-quarter black. These men included both former slaves and free blacks.

In the 18th century, Britain became the world's biggest slave trader. Starting in 1777, the Patriots made importing slaves illegal state by state. They all acted to end the international trade. However, it was later reopened in South Carolina and Georgia. In 1807 Congress acted on President Jefferson's advice and made importing slaves from other countries a federal crime, as the Constitution permitted, starting January 1, 1808.
In the United States in the early nineteenth century, owners of female slaves could freely and legally use them as sexual objects. This is similar to the free use of female slaves on slave ships by the crews.

"Fancy" was a code word that meant the girl or young woman was able to be used for or trained for sexual use. Sometimes, children were also abused like this. The sale of a 13-year-old "nearly a fancy" is documented.

Furthermore, females who were able to become pregnant were supposed to be kept pregnant, so they could make more slaves to sell. The differences in skin color found in the United States make it obvious how often black women were impregnated by whites. For example, in the 1850 Census, 75.4% of "free negros" in Florida were described as mulattos, of mixed race. Nevertheless, it is only very recently, with DNA studies, that any sort of reliable number can be provided, and the research has only begun. Light-skinned girls, who contrasted with the darker field workers, were preferred.

Some slave owners were black. An African former indentured servant who settled in Virginia in 1621, Anthony Johnson, became one of the earliest documented slave owners in the American colonies. This was documented when he won a civil lawsuit to own a man named John Casor. In 1830, there were 3,775 black slave owners in the South. They owned a total of 12,760 slaves. 80% of the black slave owners lived in Louisiana, South Carolina, Virginia, and Maryland.








Nebraska Territory

The Territory of Nebraska was an organized incorporated territory of the United States. It existed from May 30, 1854, until March 1, 1867, when the part of the territory was admitted to the Union as the State of Nebraska. The Nebraska Territory was created by the Kansas–Nebraska Act of 1854. The territorial capitol was Omaha. The territory included areas of what is today Nebraska, Wyoming, South Dakota, North Dakota, Colorado, and Montana.


Hancock County, Mississippi

Hancock County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 46,053 people lived there. Its county seat is Bay St. Louis. The county was created in 1812. It is named for Founding Father John Hancock.

The county is along the Gulf of Mexico and the state line with Louisiana.

Holmes County, Mississippi

Holmes County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 17,000 people lived there. Its county seat is Lexington.

Humphreys County, Mississippi

Humphreys County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 7,785 people lived there. Its county seat is Belzoni.

Issaquena County, Mississippi

Issaquena County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 1,338 people lived there. Its county seat is Mayersville.

Itawamba County, Mississippi

Itawamba County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 23,863 people lived there. Its county seat is Fulton.

The county has a total area of .

Jackson County, Mississippi

Jackson County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 143,252 people lived there which makes it the fifth-most populous county in Mississippi. Its county seat is Pascagoula.

The county was founded in 1812 and named for Andrew Jackson, general in the United States Army and afterward President of the United States.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (31%) is water. It is the largest county in Mississippi by total area.





Jasper County, Mississippi

Jasper County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 16,367 people lived there. Its county seats are Bay Springs and Paulding.

Jefferson Davis County, Mississippi

Jefferson Davis County is a county located in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 11,321 people lived there. Its county seat is Prentiss. The county was founded on March 31, 1906. It is named in honor of Mississippi Senator and Confederate President Jefferson Davis.


Kemper County, Mississippi

Kemper County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 8,988 people lived there. Its county seat is De Kalb.

Lafayette County, Mississippi

Lafayette County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 55,813 people lived there. Its county seat is Oxford.

Union County, Mississippi

Union County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 27,777 people lived there. Its county seat is New Albany.

The county has a total area of .

Lamar County, Mississippi

Lamar County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 64,222 people lived there. Its county seat is Purvis.

Smith County, Mississippi

Smith County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 14,209 people lived there. Its county seat is Raleigh.

Raleigh, Mississippi

Raleigh is a town in, and the county seat of, Smith County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 1,094 at the 2020 census, making it the largest town in Smith County.

Gainesville, Texas

Gainesville is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Cooke County.

Lauderdale County, Mississippi

Lauderdale County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 72,984 people lived there. Its county seat is Meridian. The county was founded in 1833. It is named for Colonel James Lauderdale, who was killed at the Battle of New Orleans in the War of 1812.

Songtsen Gampo

Songtsen Gampo (Tibetan: སྲོང་བཙན་སྒམ་པོ, "srong btsan sgam po;" 569–649) or Songzan Ganbu (), was the 33rd Tibetan king and founder of the Tibetan Empire.

He helped introduce Buddhism to Tibet. He had a Nepali wife named Bhrikuti and a Tang wife named Princess Wencheng. Both of them were Buddhists. He also helped invent the Tibetan alphabet and made Classical Tibetan the official language of Tibet at the time.

He may have been born in 569 or 605. Tibet used their own calendar so we are still trying to figure it out.

Songtsen Gampo was born at Gyama in Meldro, northeast of modern Lhasa. His dad was the Yarlung king Namri Songtsen. The book "The Holder of the White Lotus" says Gampo was the human form (incarnation) of the Avalokiteśvara. Dalai Lamas are also thought to be human forms of the Avalokitesvara. In the 11th century, Buddhists started calling him a cakravartin and incarnation of Avalokiteśvara.

Some Dunhuang documents say Gampo had a sister Sad-mar-kar and a younger brother. His younger brother was betrayed and died in a fire after 641. There may have been fighting between his sister and brother.

Songtsen Gampo's mother was part of the Tsépong clan ("Tibetan Annals"). She helped unify Tibet. Her name is Driza Tökarma ("the Bri Wife [named] White Skull Woman", "Tibetan Annals").

According to Tibetan tradition, Songtsen Gampo became king when 13 after his father was poisoned around 618. He was the 33rd king of the Yarlung Dynasty. He was born in the Ox year. Yarlung kings usually took throne at 13. This accords with the tradition that the Yarlung kings took the throne when they were 13, when they were old enough to ride a horse. If this is true, then Gampo may have been born in the Ox year 605 CE. The "Old Book of Tang" confirms that he "was still a minor when he succeeded to the throne."

Gampo had six wives. Five are listed:


In Tibetan tradition, these last two wives helped bring Buddhism to Tibet. The two great influences on Tibetan Buddhism are Indo-Nepali and Han Buddhism.

Gampo's son, Gungsong Gungtsen, died before his father. So Gampo's son, Mangsong Mangtsen, took the throne. His mother may have been Wencheng or Mangmoje Trikar. Trikar is mentioned in "Genealogy," in a hidden library in the caves in Dunhuang, and the "Tibetan Annals", which list the names of the Tibetan emperors, their mothers, and their clans.

Some sources tell a different story. When Gungsong Gungtsen turned 13 (nowadays 12 as Tibet used a different calendar), his dad Gampo retired, so Gungsong ruled for five years. They say Gungsong married 'A-zha Mang-mo-rje when he was thirteen, and they had a son, Mangsong Mangtsen (r. 650-676 CE). Gungsong then died when he was 18. His dad Gampo then took the throne again. Gungsong Gungtsen may be buried at Donkhorda, the site of the royal tombs, to the left of his grandfather Namri Songtsen (gNam-ri Srong-btsan). The dates for these events are very unclear.

Songtsen Gampo sent Thonmi Sambhota to India to create a new alphabet for Classical Tibetan. This led to the first written works, literature, and constitution.

He brought new culture and tech to Tibet.

The "Old Book of Tang" ("Jiu Tangshu" 旧唐书) says in 648 a northern Indian army attacked some some Tang Chinese (including Wang Xuanze). So with the Nepali and Tang, Gampo helped defeat the army and protect the Chinese. In 649, the Tang Emperor Gaozong, a fellow Buddhist, gave him the title "Binwang", "Guest King" or "Zongwang", "Cloth-tribute King" and 3,000 rolls of colorful silk. Gaozong also gave Gampo "silkworms' eggs, mortars and presses for making wine, and workmen to manufacture paper and ink."

Tools and astrology was imported from Tang and the Western Xia; the dharma and the art of writing came from India; treasures from the Nepalis and the Mongols; laws from the Uyghurs of the Turkic Khaganate to the North.

Gampo brought Buddhism to the Tibetan people. He built many Buddhist temples During his reign, people began translating Buddhist texts from Sanskrit into Tibetan.

He defeated the Sumpa in northeastern Tibet around 627 ("Tibetan Annals" ["OTA"] l. 2).
He may have conquered the Zhangzhung (around northern India, western Tibet), or that may have happened after he died. The "Old Book of Tang" say that in 634, the Yangtong (the Zhangzhung) and various Qiang peoples "altogether submitted to him."

He then unified Yangtong, defeated the 'Azha (Tuyuhun), and then conquered two more Qiang tribes before threatening Songzhou with an army of more than 200,000 men.

He conquered the Tangut people (who later formed the Western Xia in 942), the Bailang, and Qiang tribes. The Bailang people were west of the Tanguts and east of the Domi. The Tang previously ruled them since 624.

The "Old Book of Tang" says: Naling Deva's father was king of 泥婆羅 Nepal (Licchavi kingdom) died. The king died, and then Naling Deva's uncle took over. "The Tibetans gave [Naling Deva] refuge and reestablished him on his throne [in 641]; that is how he became subject to Tibet."

The Tibetans traveled to Nepal, and the Naling Deva was happy. Then the Tibetans were attacked by the northern Indian king Harsha. So Naling Deva helped Tibet defeat Harsha's army. Gampo then married Princess Bhrikuti, daughter of Naling Deva.

The "Jiu Tangshu" records that Gampo sent the first embassy from Tibet to the Tang in 634 CE. It was a "tribute mission" with Tibet giving gifts to the Tang. He gave gifts of gold and silk to the Tang emperor and asked for a Tang princess in marriage in return (heqin). Tang said no. So he attacked Songzhou (part of Tang) in 637 and 638. But he then gave up and said sorry. He asked for a wife again, and this time the Tang said yes. And so he married Wencheng, niece of Emperor Taizong of Tang. So there was peace between the Tang and Tibetan empires of China.

Both wives Wencheng and Bhrikuti are considered to be Tara, the Goddess of Compassion and female Chenrezig:

Gampo built a city for Wencheng and a palace just for her.

Chinese monk Xuanzang visited Harsha. Harsha then sent some people to China. China then sent Wang Xuanze and some others back. They traveled through Tibet. Their journey is written in stuff at northern India (Rajgir and Bodhgaya).

Harsha was then overthrown by Arjuna. In 648 Wang Xuanze made a second journey, but Arjuna treated him badly. So the Tibetans and Nepalese defeated Arjuna.

So in 649, Chinese emperor Tang Gaozong rewarded Gampo with the title of King of Xinhai Jun (Himalayan plateau, China).

Gampo died in 649. In 650, the Tang emperor sent an envoy with a "letter of mourning and condolences". Gampo's tomb is in the Chongyas Valley near Yalung, 13 m high and 130 m long.

2019 North Indian Ocean cyclone season

The 2019 North Indian Ocean cyclone season was the annual cycle of tropical cyclone formation. The North Indian Ocean cyclone season has no official bounds, but cyclones tend to form between April and December, with two peaks in activity in May and November. These dates conventionally delimit the period of each year when most tropical cyclones form in the northern Indian Ocean. The season's first named storm, Pabuk, entered the basin on January 4, becoming the earliest-forming cyclonic storm of the North Indian Ocean on record.

The season currently contains 3 depressions, 3 deep depressions, 3 cyclonic storms and 2 very severe cyclonic storms.

Due to the presence of an weak El Niño to continue through the season, the season's first named storm, Pabuk, entered the basin on January 4, becoming the earliest-forming cyclonic storm of the North Indian Ocean on record, tying with 2014 season. The second Cyclonic Storm of the season was formed, Fani on April 26. Fani became an extremely severe cyclonic storm on April 30, reaching an Category 4-equivalent tropical cyclone on the Saffir-Simpson Scale, then made landfall in India killing 89 people between Odisha and Bangladesh; Fani caused $1.812 billion in damages. In early June, a strong pulse of the Madden-Julian Oscillation (MJO), led to the development of the third cyclonic storm, Vayu, which formed June 10 in the Arabian Sea, near the Maldives. The storm subsequently intensified into a very severe cyclonic storm on June 12, after moving northwestward towards northwestern India and Pakistan.

Deal barracks bombing

The Deal barracks bombing was an attack on the Royal Marine Depot in Deal, Kent, England on 22 September 1989. The Provisional Irish Republican Army used a time bomb to kill 11 military bandsmen.

Tropical Storm Pabuk (2019)

Tropical Storm Pabuk, also referred to as Cyclonic Storm Pabuk, was a weak storm that hit the Malay Peninsula in January 2019. It was also the earliest storm in both the Western Pacific and North Indian Ocean basins on record. Forming on the last day of 2018, Pabuk went into 2019 and crossed into the North Indian Ocean basin several days later. The first storm of the 2019 Pacific typhoon and North Indian Ocean cyclone seasons, Pabuk first appeared as a tropical disturbance in the South China Sea on December 28, 2018, which organized into a tropical depression on December 31.

A tropical disturbance formed over the southern portion of the South China Sea on December 28, 2018, absorbing the remnants of on December 30. Under high vertical wind shear, the low-pressure area remained messy until December 31 when it was upgraded to a tropical depression by both the JMA and the JTWC.

Under good conditions, including warm sea surface temperatures, good outflow but strong vertical wind shear, Pabuk did not manage to intensify further for
another two days until it started to move west-northwestward and entered the Gulf of Thailand on January 3, where vertical wind shear was slightly weaker.

Soon after Pabuk crossed over into the basin, the IMD started to make warnings on the storm, making Pabuk the earliest-forming cyclonic storm for this basin, as well as the first cyclonic storm with a name originally assigned by RSMC Tokyo. Over the few days days, Pabuk continued moved west-northwestward, before weakening into a well-marked low on January 7. The system's remnant low then turned to the northeast. Finally, it disappeared on January 8.

The storm caused 10 deaths in total, and total damages were estimated to be ~$157.2 million (2019 USD).

On Thailand, 8 of the 10 people were killed with many trees downed. Elsewhere, many people were forced to evacuate coastal areas of Thailand. In Bangkok, rain and storm surge flooded roads in the large city. Pabuk killed 8 people in Thailand, including one Russian tourist.


United States Naval Research Laboratory

The United States Naval Research Laboratory (NRL) is the corporate research laboratory for the United States Navy and the United States Marine Corps. It conducts basic scientific research, applied research, technological development and prototyping.

Mobility as a service

Mobility as a Service (MaaS) is transportation that you can buy but do not have to own.

For example, you can pay an Uber car to pick you up, but you do not own that car.

Or you can pay for a city bike to travel around the city, but you do not own the bike.

In each case, you pay for the transportation.

Public buses, taxis, subways, high-speed rail, and airplanes are already forms of MaaS.

MaaS is already becoming popular around the world from the US, Europe, Japan, Korea, to China.

Examples include

MaaS may decrease how many people own cars. This is already the case in China, where more than half of the population do not have cars--they just do not need it.

MaaS can decrease traffic.

Uber, Tesla, General Motors, Waymo, Apple, and Local Motors are building self-driving vehicles (or autonomous vehicles, AVs).

Self-driving cars could take people where they wanted to go at a lower cost than a taxi or ridesharer. It could help benefit the environment, make transportation faster, and even improve healthcare.

Khazars

The Khazars were a semi-nomadic Turkic people. They formed an empire called Khazaria in Russia from the 6th to 10th century CE. They came from the Western Turkic Khaganate of the Eurasian steppe, after it was conquered by Tang China.

Khazaria was an international trading center. It was an important place on the Silk Road that linked China, the Middle East, and the Kievan Rus'. For three centuries (c. 650–965) the Khazars conquered the area from the Volga-Don steppes to Crimea and the Caucasus.

Khazaria was between the Byzantine Empire, the steppe nomads, and the Umayyad Caliphate. It helped Byzantine defend itself from the Sasanian Persian empire. The alliance ended around 900. Between 965 and 969, the Kievan Rus replaced Khazaria.

Tengrism may have been the main religion, as it was for the Huns and Turkic peoples. Abrahamic religions were also popular. The ruling class may have converted to Judaism in the 8th century.

Some people think that the Cossacks, Muslim Kumyks, Kazakhs, and some Jews, like the Ashkenazi Jews, descended from the Khazars. Some disagree.

Khazar or "Xazar" may have come from *Qasar. The Turkic root "qaz-" means "to ramble, to roam" (used in Qazaqsa or Kazakh). It is similar to the Common Turkic "kez-".

Others say it is from "qas-" ("tyrannize, oppress, terrorize") because it is similar to the Uyghur name Qasar.

Others think it is a person or tribe's name. For example the Chinese name Kesa for "Khazars" may be one of the tribal names of the Uyğur Toquz Oğuz (of the Gokturks), namely the "Gésà". But others say Kesa was not a tribal name but the name of the chief of the 思结 "Sijie" tribe of the Toquz Oğuz. Also in Middle Chinese the name "Khazars" always comes before the word "Tūjué" ("Tūjué Kěsà bù": 突厥可薩部; "Tūjué Hésà": 突厥曷薩).

Khazar language is extinct. But modern Turkic languages still refer to the Caspian Sea as the "Khazar Sea".

No known records of the Khazar language survive. The state was polyglot (spoke multiple languages) and polyethnic. The ruling elite probably spoke an eastern dialect of Shaz Turkic. The ordinary people may have spoken Lir Turkic, such as Oğuric, Bulğaric, Chuvash, and Hunnish. The Persian historian al-Iṣṭakhrī said that the Khazar language was different from any other known language.

After the Khazars became Jewish they may have written in the Hebrew alphabet. Though they spoke a Türkic language, they may have also spoke Hebrew.

They appear to have came from Mongolia or northern China after the Xiōngnú (Huns) were defeated by Han dynasty of China (Han–Xiongnu war). The tribes probably had Iranian, proto-Mongolic, Uralic, and Palaeo-Siberian people.

The Turkic tribes may have conquered the Western Eurasian steppe as early as 463.

In 552, they conquered the Rouran Khaganate and moved westwards, taking more people from Sogdia.

The ruling family may have came from the Āshǐnà (阿史那) clan of the West Türkic tribes. The Chinese and Arabic records are almost identical, indicating strong support for this theory. The leader may have been Yǐpíshèkuì (乙毗射匱). He died around 651. Moving west, the Khazars reached Akatziroi, one of the important friends of Byzantium fighting Attila's army.

Khazaria began after 630. It came from the Göktürk Qağanate, after it was crushed by Tang China between 630–650.

Göktürk armies conquered Volga by 549. The Āshǐnà clan whose tribal name was 'Türk' ("the strong one") arrived in 552. They overthrew the Rourans and created the Göktürk Qağanate.

The Chinese Tang Dynasty defeated the Turkic Qağanate and established the Anxi protectorate (Tang dynasty in Inner Asia). The Khaganate split into many tribes. Some tribes went west to the Sea of Azov area. Ashina and the Khazars went further west.

In 657, General Sū Dìngfāng (蘇定方) dominated the Turks and Central Asia. They imposed Chinese overlordship to the east of those Turkic tribes. In 659 the Chinese defeated the remaining tribes. The Khazars did not dare return.

Instead the Khazars defeated the Bulgars further west.

And so the Khazars Qaganate was born, from the ruins of a nomadic empire destroyed by the Tang armies to the east. It became the westernmost successor state of the Gokturks.

The Khazars conquered the lower Volga region and the area between the Danube and the Dniepr. In 670, they also conquered the Onoğur-Bulğar union and made the Onogur-Bulgar language the official language of the empire (lingua franca).

The empire is sometimes called a 'steppe Atlantis' ("stepnaja Atlantida," Степная Атлантида).

Historians often call this period the Pax Khazarica. The state became an international center of trade.

Ibn al-Balḫî wrote in "Fârsnâma" (c. 1100) that the Sasanian Shah (ruler), Ḫusraw 1, Anûsîrvân, said there were three kings who had as much power as he did: the King of China, the King of Byzantium, and the king of the Khazars.

Eminem singles discography

This is the discography of the American rapper Eminem.

Batam

Batam (also called Batam City) is an industrial city in the province of Riau Islands, Indonesia. Over 1 million people live in it. It is the biggest city in Riau Islands, and the third biggest city in Sumatra. It is part of the Indonesia-Malaysia-Thailand and Indonesia-Malaysia-Singapore free-trade zone.

The city administrative covers an area of 3 big islands with some small islands surround them. The 3 big islands are Batam, Rempang, and Galang. The islands are conected by bridges called Barelang Bridges () that is a short name for Batam-Rempang-Galang Bridges.

Republic of Upper Volta

Republic of Upper Volta is an old name for the country in Africa which is known as Burkina Faso today. It was a French colony, which became independent in 1960. Upper Volta existed as a French colony from 1918 to 1932. In 1932, it was disbanded, and its territory was shared between the neighboring countries, French Sudan, Niger and Ivory Coast. In 1947, Upper Volta was restored, with its former borders.

Spaceship Earth

Spaceship Earth (or Spacecraft Earth or Spaceship Planet Earth) is a world view encouraging everyone on Earth to act as a harmonious crew working toward the greater good.

The earliest known use is a passage in Henry George's best known work, "Progress and Poverty" (1879).
From book IV, chapter 2: 
It is a well-provisioned ship, this on which we sail through space. If the bread and beef above decks seem to grow scarce, we but open a hatch and there is a new supply, of which before we never dreamed. And very great command over the services of others comes to those who as the hatches are opened are permitted to say, "This is mine!"

George Orwell later paraphrases Henry George in "The Road to Wigan Pier":
The world is a raft sailing through space with, potentially, plenty of provisions for everybody; the idea that we must all cooperate and see to it that everyone does his fair share of the work and gets his fair share of the provisions seems so blatantly obvious that one would say that no one could possibly fail to accept it unless he had some corrupt motive for clinging to the present system.

In 1965 Adlai Stevenson made a famous speech to the UN in which he said:

We travel together, passengers on a little space ship, dependent on its vulnerable reserves of air and soil; all committed for our safety to its security and peace; preserved from annihilation only by the care, the work, and, I will say, the love we give our fragile craft. We cannot maintain it half fortunate, half miserable, half confident, half despairing, half slave—to the ancient enemies of man—half free in a liberation of resources undreamed of until this day. No craft, no crew can travel safely with such vast contradictions. On their resolution depends the survival of us all.

The following year, "Spaceship Earth" became the title of a book by a friend of Stevenson's, the internationally influential economist Barbara Ward.

Also in 1966, Kenneth E. Boulding, who was influenced by reading Henry George, used the phrase in the title of an essay, "The Economics of the Coming Spaceship Earth". Boulding described the past open economy of apparently illimitable resources, which he said he was tempted to call the "cowboy economy", and continued: "The closed economy of the future might similarly be called the 'spaceman' economy, in which the earth has become a single spaceship, without unlimited reservoirs of anything, either for extraction or for pollution, and in which, therefore, man must find his place in a cyclical ecological system".

The phrase was also popularized by Buckminster Fuller, who published a book in 1968 under the title of "Operating Manual for Spaceship Earth". This quotation, referring to fossil fuels, reflects his approach: 
…we can make all of humanity successful through science's world-engulfing industrial evolution provided that we are not so foolish as to continue to exhaust in a split second of astronomical history the orderly energy savings of billions of years' energy conservation aboard our Spaceship Earth. These energy savings have been put into our Spaceship's life-regeneration-guaranteeing bank account for use only in self-starter functions.

United Nations Secretary-General U Thant spoke of Spaceship Earth on Earth Day March 21, 1971 at the ceremony of the ringing of the Japanese Peace Bell: "May there only be peaceful and cheerful Earth Days to come for our beautiful Spaceship Earth as it continues to spin and circle in frigid space with its warm and fragile cargo of animate life."

Spaceship Earth is the name given to the diameter geodesic sphere that greets visitors at the entrance of Walt Disney World's Epcot theme park. Housed within the sphere is a dark ride that serves to explore the history of communications and promote Epcot's founding principles, "[a] belief and pride in man's ability to shape a world that offers hope to people everywhere." A previous incarnation of the ride, narrated by actor Jeremy Irons and revised in 2008, was explicit in its message:

Like a grand and miraculous spaceship, our planet has sailed through the universe of time, and for a brief moment, we have been among its many passengers….We now have the ability and the responsibility to build new bridges of acceptance and co-operation between us, to create a better world for ourselves and our children as we continue our amazing journey aboard Spaceship Earth.

David Deutsch has pointed out that the picture of Earth as a friendly "spaceship" habitat is difficult to defend even in a metaphorical sense. The Earth environment is harsh and survival is a constant struggle for life, including for whole species trying to avoid extinction. Humans wouldn't be able to live in most of the areas where they are living now without the knowledge necessary to build life-support systems such as houses, heating, water supply, etc.

The term "Spaceship Earth" is frequently used on the labels of Emanuel Bronner's products to refer to the Earth.


Mutesa II of Buganda

Sir Edward Frederick William David Walugembe Mutebi Luwangula Muteesa II (19 November 1924 – 21 November 1969) was Kabaka of the Kingdom of Buganda from 22 November 1939 until his death. He was the thirty-fifth Kabaka of Buganda and the first President of Uganda. The foreign press often referred to him as King Freddie, a name rarely used in Uganda

Er Wang San Ke

Erwang Sanke (二王三恪) or "the two crownings and the three respects" is something Chinese emperors did to honor the previous dynasty. For example the Sui dynasty came directly before the Tang. So the Tang may honor descendants of the Sui royal family. The Tang would do this by giving these Sui descendants land to rule over. The Tang said you can control these lands and use laws of the previous Sui dynasty if you wish. There may also be a sacrifice at a religious place.

This was done to show respect to previous dynasties. This was also to make a peaceful transition of power.

It has been done in every major Chinese dynasty from the Xia to the Qing.

Sometimes people would pretend to be the descendants of the previous dynasty just to get this benefit.

Er wang 二王 means two rulers. This refers to the current ruler and the previous ruler.

San ke 三恪 means three respects. This could refer to how this was done for the first three generation descendants of the previous ruler (their children, grandchildren, and great grandchildren).

NEC

NEC was the world's fourth biggest PC manufacturer by 1990. Its NEC Semiconductors business unit was the global semiconductor sales leader between 1985 and 1990, the second largest in 1995, one of the top three in 2000, and one of the top 10 in 2006. It was still one of the top 20 semiconductor sales leaders before merging with Renesas Electronics. NEC is a member of the Sumitomo Group.

NEC was #463 on the 2017 Fortune 500 list.


Neoconservatism

Neoconservatism (often shortened as neocon) is a form of American conservatism that emphasizes an aggressive American foreign policy. It started in the United States during the 1960s. Neocons supported the Vietnam war, but disliked the Democratic party, Great Society, and the New Left.

Neoconservative sometimes refers to people who started as anti-Stalinists and then became American conservatives during the 1960s and 1970s.

Some neocons are Republicans, like the presidents between from the 1970s to the 2000s. For example, George W. Bush started the 2003 invasion of Iraq. His neocon advisors include Paul Wolfowitz, Elliott Abrams, Richard Perle, and Paul Bremer. Dick Cheney and Donald Rumsfeld are also often said to be Neocons. They supported the defence of Israel during the Second Intifada and the American wars in Iraq and Afghanistan. Very few of those people actually called themselves Neoconservatives though. Some people who call themselves Neoconservatives are Douglas Murray and Reihan Salaam.

Neocon started in the 60s with Jewish magazine "Commentary", edited by Norman Podhoretz and published by the American Jewish Committee. They opposed the New Left and thus started the neocon movement.

Han Buddhism

Han Buddhism () or Chinese buddhism refers to Buddhism written in Chinese characters (hanzi) or that of the East Asian cultural sphere. It is one of the three main existing schools of Buddhism: the other two are Tibetan Buddhism and Theravada. It is mainly practiced in China, Japan, Korea, and Vietnam. It has had a great impact on East Asian culture.

Like Tibetan Buddhism, Han Buddhism comes from Mahayana, the branch of Buddhism written mainly in Sanskrit and from northern Gandhara (modern-day Pakistan).

Han Buddhism has a lot of interaction between Buddhism and Taoism.

There are legends that Laozi was the Buddha himself, or that the Buddha came from the Tibetan kingdom of Zhangzhung. There are other legends that Buddhism had existed in China since ancient times (before the Qin dynasty).

The Shiji 《》has a section called「禁不得祠」(jin bude ci). It says:

“徙謫，實之初縣。禁不得祠。明星出西方。”

In the 20th century, Japanese scholar Fujita Toyohachi () said Buddhism entered China during the Qin dynasty. The word 不得 (pinyin: "bude"; rough pronunciation: boo-duh) is pronounced nearly exactly like the Sanskrit word "Buddha". It was used to write down Buddha in the Chinese language. Others (like ) disagreed. Moreover it is unlikely 得 would be used to transliterate. And based on the evolution of Chinese tones, 不得 would sound something like putug ( says “不得” is [pɯtɯːɡ]).

It is generally believed Buddhism was introduced during the (Western, before 1 BC) Han dynasty. It came from the western regions and Silk Road.

According to the Weilüe《‧西戎傳》、《‧釋老志》and other records, Emperor Ai of Han's men gave the people the Pagoda Sutra《浮屠经》。

In 67, Emperor Ming of Han dreamed of the "Golden People". He sent people to meet monks in the western regions. These monks brought back more Buddhist texts. He built the White horse temple () and translated 42 chapters of the scripture 《》。

There is one account that Emperor Ming of Han (28–75 CE) helped introduce Buddhism into China. The (3rd - 5th century) "Mouzi Lihuolun" says:Ming then sent people to Tianzhu (Southern India) to learn more. Buddhist scriptures returned to China on the backs of white horses, after which White Horse Temple was named. Two Indian monks also returned with them, named Dharmaratna and Kaśyapa Mātaṅga.

Whether Emperor Ming actually dreamed of Golden people is debated. However scholars agree that around his time Buddhism arrived from the xiyu.

A Parthian prince named An Shigao traveled to China and helped translate some Indian texts into Chinese.

In 167 some Yuezhi (tribes of Central Asia) also helped translate some stuff.

During this time, Mahayana Buddhism became popular in China. The Han would then "sinicize" it to turn it into Han Buddhism.

In Chongqing an ancient Yao Qian Shu (money tree artifact) was dug up. A Buddha was sitting on it. It said it was made in the fourth year of Yan guang (125 CE). This is the earliest known bronze Buddha found in China. There is another early Buddha sculpture in Sichuan above a grave.

The Sarvastivadinns, Dharmaguptakas, and other schools were important for Han Buddhism.

Some Chinese thought Buddhism was harmful to the authority of the government, that Buddhists did help improve the economy, that Buddhism was barbaric and did not deserve to be part of Chinese culture. However, others mixed Buddhism with Taoism. The two went well together. Both encourage meditation. And so Buddhist ideas were used in Taoism and vice versa.

Around this time, Han Buddhism began spreading to Korea, Japan, and Vietnam. It was already popular in South China.

China controlled Kucha, a Buddhist kingdom in Xinjiang. They imprisoned Kumarajiva but released him in 401 because he was good at Buddhism.

He became influential in Han Buddhism.

Emperor Yao Xing of the state of Later Qin liked him.

He made a number of good translations (from AD 402–413).

This includes the "Diamond Sutra", the "Amitabha Sutra", the "Lotus Sutra", the "Vimalakīrti Nirdeśa Sūtra", the "Mūlamadhyamakakārikā", and the "Aṣṭasāhasrikā Prajñāpāramitā Sūtra".

In the 5th century, the Chán (Zen) teachings began in China. Bodhidharma, a legend, started it.

The school follows the "Laṅkāvatāra Sūtra" and "Diamond Sūtra (Vajracchedikā Prajñāpāramitā Sūtra) ." It was also called the "One Vehicle School."

They were famous for their "encounter stories" and koans and their teaching methods. Nan Huai-Chin says: 

During the Tang dynasty and 629 - 645, the monk Xuanzang went to India and visited over one hundred kingdoms. He and wrote about his journey to the west. His writing is important for studying India during this period of time.

He visited many spiritual sites, many spiritual people, and learned a lot of spiritual things. He met Buddhist celebrities.

He returned to China with 657 Sanskrit texts, gifts, statues, and Buddhist souvenirs, all on twenty-two horses.

Xuanzang created a translation center in Chang'an (now Xi'an). It attracted people from all over East Asia. Xuanzang translated 1,330 books into Chinese. His favorite part of Buddhism was Yogācāra, or "Consciousness-only".

During this time, Han Chan Buddhism became popular in Japan.

During the Song dynasty, Chán (禪) was used by the government to strengthen its control over the country. Chán became the most popular type of Chinese Buddhism.

During the Yuan dynasty, the Mongol emperors liked Tibetan Buddhism so they hired Tibetan monks as government officials. This caused corruption. Later the Ming dynasty overthrew the Yuan, and Tibetan lamas no longer influenced the court.

The Chan school was so popular that all monks belonged to it. Male and female Chinese buddhists wrote nice poetry during this time.

The Qing supported Tibetan Buddhism.

Around 1900, Buddhists from other Asian countries became interested in Chinese Buddhism. Anagarika Dharmapala visited Shanghai in 1893. He and other Indians tried to get Chinese to help revive Buddhism in India. Japanese Buddhists also visited China. By this point (and perhaps earlier) China had the most Buddhists in the world.

Han Buddhism uses concepts from Buddhism, Confucianism and Taoism. They worship the Buddha and Bodhisattvas by giving food, flowers, etc. They are vegans. They believe in god and hell, life after death and karma.


Yuji Naka

Naka learned how to program by copying and debugging video game code printed in magazines. The experience made him want to study assemblers and practice writing code during his school classes. After graduating high school, Naka decided to skip university and stay in his home town.

Around 1983, Naka saw that Sega was looking for programming assistants. He decided to apply. After a short interview, he started working for Sega in April 1984. His first task was designing maps and checking floppy disks for a game called "Road Runner" for the SF-7000. Naka can't remember if the game was ever released. His first major project was a game called "Girl's Garden". He and Hiroshi Kawaguchi created it together as part of their training process.


American exceptionalism

American exceptionalism is the belief that 


The US started from the American Revolutionary War. Martin Lipset calls it the "first new nation". It developed an American set of ideas (Americanism) based on republicanism, democracy, laissez-faire (no government interference in economy), liberty, equality, individualism (importance of individual).

Abraham Lincoln said in the Gettysburg address (1863), that Americans have a responsibility to make sure that the "government of the people, by the people, for the people, shall not perish from the earth." 


Cartigny, Switzerland

Cartigny is a municipality of the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland.


Neoconservatism (Japan)

Neoconservatism in Japan refers to the new generation of Japanese conservatives.

They are nationalistic and think Japan is unique and special.

They think they are not responsible for Japan's conquests and wartime history, Japanese war crimes, the Nanjing Massacre, and the Japanese colonization of Korea.

They want to change the Japanese constitution and remove Article 9. After losing WW2, Japan wrote into its constitution that it is not allowed to wage war. This is Article 9. The USA helped write it because he wanted to prevent Japan from ever attacking the US or any other country like when Japan attacked Pearl Harbor. 

However Japanese neoconservatives want to restore the military in that they want to use the Japanese "Self-Defense" Forces to for more than just "self-defense". But this is against Article 9.

Some like Shinzō Abe have visited the Yasukuni Shrine to honor Japanese soldiers who murdered and raped Koreans, Chinese, and other Asians. 

They do not like China and refuse to apologize for Imperial Japan's war crimes. 

They do not like Korea either, North or South. They do not think their relationship with Korea is special. 

Some like Shintaro Ishihara want fewer immigrants. Some want to ban foreigners from voting, and only "Japanese nationals" should have the right. 

Gy, Switzerland

Gy is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland, near the border with France.


Su Dingfang

Su Dingfang (, 591–667) was a leading general of the Tang Dynasty. He won many battles. In 657 he destroyed the Western Turkic Khaganate. This expanded the Tang's western borders to their farthest extent (deep into Central Asia, close to modern Iran). In 660, he also conquered Baekje.

He was born in Wuyi (武邑, modern Hengshui, Hebei).

In spring 657, Emperor Gaozong sent Su Dingfang to attack the Western Turks. He had the following friends to help him:


The Tang took went north. 

Su defeated Chumukun first. 

Su had fewer than 20,000 men. Ashina Helu's army had nearly 100,000 men. Ashina Helu thought he could defeat Su easily. His army ran at Su but could not break through Su's defense: the front line pointed long spears. Su then counterattacked with cavalry, defeating Helu's army and killing and capturing several tens of thousands of men. Helu ran away.

Su kept going. Many tribes of the Western Turks surrendered to Su, including the general Huluwu (胡祿屋), surrendered, and Ashina Helu fled along with his general Qulü (屈律). The rest surrendered to Ashina Buzhen.

Su kept chasing Helu but ran into snow storms. Su's men said maybe they should wait for weather to get better. But Su said that Helu would be surprised if they attacked him. So Su and his army kept going. They joined Mishe and Buzhen, made a surprise attack on Helu, and captured or killed tens of thousands.

But Helu fled to Shi (石國, modern Tashkent, Uzbekistan), a vassal of the Western Turks. 

But Shi did not want to be attacked and defeated by the Tang as well. So they just captured and handed Helu to the Tang. 

And so the Tang conquered the Western Turkic Khaganate and brought Central Asia under Chinese control.

Some Turks escaped west and became the Khazars in Russia. They did not come back.

Su presented Helu to Emperor Gaozong. Gaozong spared Helu and promoted Su to major general. He also made Su the Duke of Xing and made his son Su Qingjie (蘇慶節) the Duke of Wuyi.

Duman (都曼) was a commander of the Izgil tribe (Old Turkic: , Chinese: Sijie 思結), under Tang rule. The Shule (疏勒), Zhujubo (朱俱波), and Yebantuo (謁般陀) were also Turkic kingdoms under Tang rule. They were around Kashgar, Xinjiang. 

In 659 they rebelled against the Tang. Duman got Yutian (于田, in modern Hotan, Xinjiang). 

In winter 659, Gaozong sent Su Dingfang to Xinjiang. Once Su arrived he gathered 10,000 soldiers and 3,000 horsesoldiers and made a surprise attack on Duman. 

Duman was surprised, and after Su defeated Duman, Duman retreated into Yutian. 

Su seiged the city, and Duman surrendered. 

In spring 660, Su took Duman to the eastern capital Luoyang. Su presented Duman to Gaozong. Some wanted Duman to be executed. But Su said Duman should be spared. Gaozong said that by law, Duman should die, but he would respect Su's promise and thus spared Duman.

The "Old Tibetan Annals", written in Classical Tibetan, was discovered at Dunhuang in the early 20th century. It says Su Dingfang fought the Tibetans in 659: 

"Da Rgyal Mang Po Rjes (Dayan Mangbuzhi) fought a battle with Su Dingfang of the Tang at the Dongdai 東岱 (a Tibetan regional administrative unit) of Wuhai 烏海 (southwest of Lake Qinghai). Da Rgyal was killed and his army of 80,000 men was defeated by 1,000 Tang troops."

In spring 660, Tang was allies with Silla, in the Korean Peninsula. Silla was being attacked by Baekje so Silla asked the Tang for help. The Tang sent help.

Emperor Gaozong put Su in charge of the Silla-Tang combined army and navy. He, alongside Silla's King Muyeol, sent 100,000 soldiers to attack Baekje. 

In summer 660, Su left Chengshan (成山, in modern Weihai, Shandong) and crossed the Yellow Sea to Baekje. 

Baekje forces tried to prevent Tang forces from landing, but could not. 

The Tang directly attacked the Baekje capital Sabi and seiged it. Baekje surrendered, and the Tang annexed Baekje. 

In winter 660, Su brought prisoners to Emperor Gaozong in Luoyang. Emperor Gaozong released King Uija and the rest of the captives.

In winter 660, Su Dingfang, Qibi Heli (契苾何力), Liu Boying (劉伯英), Cheng Minzhen, and Silla allies attacked Baekje's ally Goguryeo. 

By fall 661, Su seiged Goguryeo's capital Pyongyang. 

By spring 662, general Pang Xiaotai (龐孝泰) was killed. The Tang withdrew. 

But the Tang later came back with more troops and defeated Goguryeo in 668.

Su died in 667.

Liu Xu, the lead editor of the "Old Book of Tang", said of Su:

Sonic the Hedgehog 2 (8-bit video game)

The Master System version of the game was not released outside Europe and Brazil. The Master System version was released for the Wii's Virtual Console in 2008.

Zhongyuan

Zhongyuan () or the Central Plains are plains in the middle of China. It is southwest of Beijing. The Yellow River goes through it. It is where Chinese civilization originated from.

It is part of the North China Plain.

Since the beginning of recorded history, the Central Plain had central importance to the Middle Kingdom (China 中国).

It was considered the “Center of the World”. It was the capital of the Xia dynasty. The earliest Chinese writing, the Jiahu symbols and Jiagu writing came from here.

"Zhongyuan" is sometimes used to refer to all of Chinese civilization.

Cuphead

Cuphead is a run and gun indie video game developed and published by StudioMDHR. It was announced in 2013. It was released for Microsoft Windows and Xbox One in September 2017. It was released for macOS in October 2018, and for Nintendo Switch in April 2019. The game was inspired by the rubber hose style of animation used in cartoons of the 1930s.

Ben Kuchera of "Polygon" wrote that "Cuphead" was one of the five most interesting games at Microsoft's E3 2014 press conference. Even though he knew little about the game other than its aesthetic. He said it "stood out immediately" and that everyone in the website's press room reacted well to the trailer. "Cuphead" won the "IGN" Best Xbox One game at E3 award in 2015. It won the award for "Best Indie Game" at the Gamescom 2015 Awards. It was also nominated as "Best Independent Game" at the E3 2016 Game Critics Awards.

Many people say that "Cuphead" is a difficult game.
"Entertainment Weekly" said "Cuphead" was fifth on the list of its "Best Games of 2017". GamesRadar said it was ninth on their list of the 25 Best Games of 2017". "Polygon" said it was 14th on their list of the "50 best games of 2017".

A animated series based on the video game, which is titled The Cuphead Show!, was released on February 18, 2021.

Polygon (website)

Polygon is an American video game website that publishes news, culture, reviews, and videos. "Polygon" wanted to focus on the stories of the people making the games instead of the games themselves. They also produced long-form magazine-style feature articles, invested in video content, and chose to let their review scores be updated as the game changed.

Slavic paganism

Slavic paganism describes Slavic pagan beliefs before Christianisation Slavs had their own mythology. Sources about Slavs and their beliefs mainly come from the old Ruthenian chronicles and notes of German bishops. A lot of information is in Helmold's Chronica Sclavorum. There's also Chronicle of Thietmar, and the other chronicles, although they are not the only sources of information about Slavs and their beliefs. There's also for example the diary of a Jewish trader of the Slaves - Ibrahim Ibn Jacob.
The pantheon of gods in Slavic beliefs was large. Some of the most important are:

Some regions had different gods for different concepts. For example, West Slavs (mainly Polabians and Volinians) believed that Svetovid was a creator of the world while eastern ones believed that it was Rod.
Slavs had their own demonology. One of the most well-known demons in Slavic beliefs is Baba Yaga, with the appearance of an ugly and deformed woman. Baba Yaga has counterparts in many European beliefs, such as the German Frau Holle and Italian Befana. There are also a lot of similarities with the Greek mythological witch Circe. There are also :

Polans and other Polish tribes came to the territory of today's Poland, probably in the VIII and IX century, bringing their beliefs on the west. Polans and their beliefs are described in the Primary Chronicle by Ruthenian chronicler Nestor. There are also famous Helmold's Chronica Slavorum and the other chronicles and notes of German bishops, geographs, as well as the old Ruthenian chroniclers and Jewish or Arabian traders of Slavs. The history of paganism as the main religion in Poland ends in the Baptism of Poland in 966, but it is not the end of Slavic paganism. Pagans would not agree to the Christian reforms of Mieszko I and his sons, causing a Pagan Reaction in Poland. There was an uprising of pagans in 1037-1038 (later supressed by Casimir the Restorer). During the uprising, pagans killed priests and destroyed churches. The end of the uprising was not the end of paganism in Poland. Pagans lived in Poland even to the XII century, when the last pagans were Christianised in West Pomerania by bishop Otto from Bamberg and Boleslav III Wrymouth.
The beginnings of Czech statehood were in 895, when there was founded the first Czech country ruled by the Premyslid dynasty. It was pagan until 925, when the country was baptized from the hands of east Franks. Pagan elites knew that it would cause moving them away from power and increased Frankish influence. They rebelled against Vaclav, which failed. The leader of the rebellion was his wife - Drahomira. Although she lost the rebellion, there were still elites that resisted the reigns of Vaclav, so the brother of the Duke Boleslav I organised a coup against him. Probably in 935 during the feast, one of the followers of Boleslav, murdered Vaclav and his brother became the Duke of Bohemia. During his reign there were many pagans, many of which were Christianised after his death. It is unknown when the last Czech pagans were Christianised.
The term "Ruthenia" can refer to Kievan Rus', Novogrodian Rus', or Volynians and other Ruthenian, east Slavic countries and tribes. Paganism survived among the Eastern Slavs the longest time without being baptized. The baptism of Kievan Rus' by the Byzantines, didn't end Paganism in this country, although it caused paganism to become less popular, and many people didn't admit to practicing Slavic beliefs. Vladimir the Great started the mass baptism of people in Dnieper, which didn't end paganism among people. The family of Vladimir was officially baptized, but still practiced paganism for a long time. There still existed Ruthenian tribes that were pagan, for example Volynians or White Croats. The last pagans survived maybe even to the XIII century.
White Serbs, a Slavic tribe from White Serbia first settled in an area near Thessaloniki on the Balkans and in the 6th and early 7th century, established the Serbian Principality. The Serbian rulers adopted the Byzantine Rite in 870. Serbians adopted well to the new religion and, unlike in the countries above, there were not any pagan rebellions against Christianity.



Daphne du Maurier

Dame Daphne du Maurier (13 May 1907 – 19 April 1989) was a British author. She is best known for her books "Jamaica Inn" (1936), "Rebecca" (1938) and "The Birds" (1952).

Yukiya Amano

Amano died on 18 July 2019 at the age of 72.

Don Mossi

Donald Louis Mossi (January 11, 1929 – July 19, 2019) was an American major league pitcher from 1954 to 1965. He was a left-handed control pitcher. He played for the Cleveland Indians (1954–1958), Detroit Tigers (1959–1963), Chicago White Sox (1964) and for the Kansas City Athletics (1965). Mossi was born in St. Helena, California.

Mossi died on July 19, 2019, in Nampa, Idaho at age 90.

St. Helena, California

St. Helena ( ; Wappo: Anakotanoma, "Bull Snake Village") is a city in Napa County, California. The population was 5,430 at the 2020 census.

Peter McNamara

Peter McNamara (5 July 1955 – 20 July 2019) was an Australian tennis player and coach. McNamara won five singles titles and nineteen doubles titles in his career. He won the 1980 and 1982 men's doubles championship at Wimbledon and the Australian Open doubles in 1979. McNamara's highest rank in doubles was No. 3. He was born in Melbourne.

McNamara died on 20 July 2019, at the age of 64, from prostate cancer in Sonthofen, Bavaria, Germany.

Chicago Daily News

The Chicago Daily News was an afternoon daily newspaper in the midwestern United States, published between 1876 and 1978 in Chicago, In 1984, Weston sold his rights to the "Chicago Daily News" trademark to Rupert Murdoch, who, at the time, was owner and publisher of the "Chicago Sun-Times".

Hugo Cóccaro

Hugo Omar Cóccaro (4 May 1954 – July 21 2019) was an Argentine Justicialist Party (PJ) politician. He was Governor of Tierra del Fuego Province from 2005 to 2007. Cóccaro was born in Saladillo, Argentina.

Cóccaro died on 21 July 2019 in Buenos Aires at the age of 65. The cause was cancer.

Antonino Cuffaro

Antonino Cuffaro (21 April 1932 – 20 July 2019) was an Italian politician. He was born in Sambuca di Sicilia, Italy. Cuffaro was a member of the Italian Parliament from 1976 to 1987 and again from 1994 to 1996. He was a member of the Italian Communist Party.

Cuffaro died on 20 July 2019 in Trieste, Italy at the age of 87.

Paul Krassner

Paul Krassner (April 9, 1932 – July 21, 2019) was an American writer and satirist. He was the founder, editor and a contributor to the freethought magazine "The Realist". Krassner became an important figure in the counterculture of the 1960s as a member of Ken Kesey's Merry Pranksters. He was a founding member of the Yippies. 

Krassner died on July 21, 2019 in Desert Hot Springs, California at the age of 87.

Desert Hot Springs, California

Desert Hot Springs, also known as DHS, is a city in Riverside County, California, United States. The city is located within the Coachella Valley region. The population was 32,512 at the 2020 census.

Lois Wille

Lois Jean Wille (née Kroeber; September 19, 1931 – July 23, 2019) was an American journalist, editor, and author. She won her first of two Pulitzer Prizes in 1963 for her reports about how the Chicago local government’s failure to have good services to low-income women. 

Her stories led to a number of important policy changes in women’s healthcare, public housing, and the juvenile court systems. She was born in Chicago.

In 1989, she received her second Pulitzer Prize for editorial writing.

Wille died on July 23, 2019 in Chicago from a stroke at the age of 

Republic of China (1912–1949)

The Republic of China (ROC) was a country that existed between 1912 and 1949. It is now the People's Republic of China. It was created in January 1912 after the Xinhai Revolution, which overthrew the Qing dynasty. The Republic's first president was Sun Yat-sen. Sun's party, the Kuomintang (KMT) won the parliamentary election in December 1912. 

But Sun soon gave the position to Yuan Shikai, the leader of the Beiyang Army. The Beiyang Army also controlled the Beiyang government (which controlled Mongolia). 

Between late 1915 and early 1916, Yuan Shikai called himself the Emperor of China. But people did not like it (National protection war). 

After Yuan died in 1916, the Beiyang government was further weakened by a brief restoration of the Qing dynasty. Various groups in the Beiyang Army claimed independence and fought with each other during the Warlord Era.

In 1921, the KMT created a rival government in Canton, supported by the Communist Party of China (CPC), 

North China was overtaxed and had too many fighting warlords. So its economy died between 1927 and 1928. 

General Jiang Jieshi (Chiang Kai-Shek) became the KMT leader after Sun's death. Jiang started the Northern Expedition in 1926 and overthrew the Beiyang government in 1928. In April 1927, Jiang created a nationalist government in Nanjing and massacred Communists in Shanghai. With the support from the USSR. The CPC into armed rebellion, starting the Chinese Civil War.

China experienced industrialization and modernization but suffered conflicts between the Nationalist government in Nanking, the CPC, warlords, and the Empire of Japan. 

Eventually the Chinese unified to fight against their common enemy: the Japanese. In 1937 the Imperial Japanese Army invaded China in 1937. The Second Sino-Japanese War began.

In August of 1945, Japan surrendered at the end of World War II.

In 1946, the Chinese Civil War between the KMT and CPC restarted. 

In 1949, the CPC defeated the KMT and started the People's Republic of China (PRC).

Jiang Jieshi and the KMT fled to Taiwan.

Varieties of Chinese

Chinese is a branch of the Han-Tibetan language family. It has hundreds of local languages, many of which are not mutually understandable. There is more variation in the mountainous southeast. There are main seven groups: Mandarin, Wu, Min, Xiang, Gan, Hakka and Yue. But more research is being done.

Chinese varieties differ most in their phonology (sounds), but have similar vocabulary and syntax (grammar). Southern varieties tend to have fewer initial consonants but more often preserve the Middle Chinese final consonants. All have tones. Northern varieties have fewer tones. Many have tone sandhi (biandao). Zhejiang coast and eastern Guangdong has some of the most complex patterns.

Standard Chinese is based on the Beijing dialect. Its vocabulary is based on Mandarin group and grammar based on literature in the modern written vernacular. It is the official language of China, one of the four official languages of Singapore, and one of the six official languages of the United Nations.

In 2nd millennium BC, a form of Chinese was spoken in around the Huanghe. It then expanded east across the North China Plain to Shandong and then south towards the Yangzi river valley. It replaced former languages in the south.

During times of unity, people wanted to use a common standard language to make communication easier between people.

Evidence for dialectal variation is found in texts from the Spring and Autumn period (722–479 BC). At that time, the Zhou still defined a standard speech. The "Fangyan" (1st century CE) studies the differences in vocabulary between regions. Texts from the Eastern Han period also discuss local differences in pronunciation. The "Qieyun" rhyme book (601) noted wide variation in pronunciation between regions. It wanted to define a standard pronunciation for reading the classics. This standard is called Middle Chinese.

The North China Plain was flat and easy to move around. So people in the north pretty much spoke the same language.

But South China had many mountains and rivers. So it had six major groups of Chinese languages, with great internal diversity, particularly in Fujian.

Until the mid-20th century, most Chinese people spoke only their local language. But the Ming and Qing dynasties defined a common language based on Mandarin. It was known as "Guānhuà" (官話, "speech of officials"). Knowledge of guanhua was essential for a career as a government official.

Until the 20th century, Classical Chinese was the written standard.

The Republic of China replaced as the written standard by written vernacular Chinese, which was based on northern dialects. In the 1930s a standard national language was adopted, with its pronunciation based on the Beijing dialect, but with vocabulary also drawn from other Mandarin varieties. It is the official spoken language of the People's Republic of China.

Standard Mandarin Chinese now dominates public life. The only other Chinese that may be commonly taught in colleges is Cantonese.


These are sometimes divided into three groups: Northern (Mandarin), Central (Wu, Gan, and Xiang) and Southern (Hakka, Yue, and Min).

Southern Group may come from the Yangzi river during the Han dynasty (206 BC – 220 AD). This is sometimes called the Old Southern Chinese.

The Central group was transitional between the Northern and Southern groups.


Peter Hamm

Peter Hamm (27 February 1937 – 22 July 2019) was a German poet, author, journalist, editor and literary critic. He wrote many documentaries about Ingeborg Bachmann and Peter Handke. He wrote for the German weekly newspapers "Der Spiegel" and "Die Zeit". From 1964 to 2002, Hamm worked as contributing editor for culture for the broadcster Bayerischer Rundfunk. He was born in Munich.

Hamm was in a domestic partnership with actress Marianne Koch from 1970 until his death.

Hamm died on 22 July 2019 in Tutzing, Germany at the age of 82.

Marianne Koch

Marianne Koch (born 19 August 1931) is a German actress. She is best known for her roles in spaghetti westerns and adventure movies of the 1960s. She later worked as a television host and as a physician. She was in a relationship with Peter Hamm from 1970 until his death in 2019. Koch was born in Munich. 

Koch is known for her roles in "Night People" alongside Gregory Peck and in Sergio Leone's 1964 movie "A Fistful of Dollars" alongside Clint Eastwood.

Francisco Grau

Francisco Grau Vegara (22 January 1947 – 21 July 2019) was a Spanish musician, composer and General in the Spanish Armed Forces. He was born in Bigastro, Alicante. In January 2008, Grau became the first General of Music in the Spanish Armed Forces, having been made a colonel some years previously. From 1988 – 2008, he was also director of the Musical Unit of the Spanish Royal Guard.

Grau died on 21 July 2019, aged 72.

Bologna massacre

The Bologna massacre was the bombing of Bologna Centrale railway station in Bologna, Emilia-Romagna, Italy by Nuclei Armati Rivoluzionari. It happened on 2 August 1980. It killed 85 people and injured over 200 others. It is the most deadly terrorist attack in the history of Italy.

Art Neville

Arthur Lanon Neville (December 17, 1937 – July 22, 2019) was an American singer-songwriter and keyboardist. He was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. Neville was a part of The Neville Brothers. He was a founding member of The Meters. He also played with the spinoff group The Funky Meters.

Neville performed with singers Labelle (on "Lady Marmalade"), Paul McCartney, Lee Dorsey, Robert Palmer, Dr. John and Professor Longhair.

Neville died at the age of 81 on July 22, 2019 from a long-illness.

Hans Lagerqvist

Hans Ture Lennart Lagerqvist (28 April 1940 – 22 July 2019) was a Swedish pole vaulter. He won a silver medal at the 1972 European Athletics Indoor Championships. Lagerqvist placed fourth at the 1971 European Championships and seventh at the 1971 European Athletics Indoor Championships and 1972 Olympics.

Lagerqvist was born in Gothenburg. He died on 22 July 2019 in Stockholm from brain cancer, aged 79.

Brigitte Kronauer

Brigitte Kronauer (29 December 1940 – 22 July 2019) was a German writer. She was born in Essen, Germany. In 2005, she was awarded the Georg Büchner Prize for her literary works.

Kronauer died on 22 July 2019 in Hamburg from a long-illness at the age of 78.


Maxim Dadashev

Maxim Kaibkhanovich Dadashev (September 30, 1990 – July 23, 2019) was a Russian boxer. He competed in the light welterweight (63.5 kg) division. Dadshev was a participant of the 2015 European Games. 

Dadashev was a Russian amateur champion. He was born in Leningrad, Soviet Union (now Saint Petersburg, Russia). Dadashev won the vacant NABF super lightweight title in June 2018.

On July 19, 2019, Dadashev lost to opponent Subriel Matías at MGM National Harbor in Oxon Hill, Maryland. When leaving the ring, Dadashev collapsed. He had brain surgery and placed in a medically induced coma. Dadashev died from his injuries on July 23 at a hospital in Cheverly, Maryland at the age of 28.

Oxon Hill, Maryland

Oxon Hill is an unincorporated area and census-designated place (CDP) in southern Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. Oxon Hill is a suburb of Washington, D.C.. As of the 2020 census Oxon Hill had a population of 18,791.

Cheverly, Maryland

Cheverly is a town in Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. It is located near Washington, D.C.. The town was founded in 1918, and it was incorporated in 1931. Cheverly had 6,170 residents as of the 2020 Census.

Storm Area 51

"Storm Area 51, They Can't Stop All of Us" is a Facebook event that was planned for September 20, 2019 at Area 51, a United States Air Force (USAF) base. The purpose of the event was to raid the site in search for aliens while they "Naruto run". The event was created by Matty Roberts as a satire event. Roberts posted the event on June 27, 2019. About 3,000,000 people responded "going" or "interested" on the event's page.

Air Force officials and Nevada state officials warned the group members not to raid the area or otherwise they would use executive force.

Copycat events such as plans to storm a secret vault of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints, Loch Ness, and the Bermuda Triangle have also been created.

Arcadia Group

Arcadia Group plc is a British multinational retailing company headquartered in London, United Kingdom. It owns the high street clothing retailers Burton, Dorothy Perkins, Evans, Miss Selfridge, Topman, Topshop, Wallis and the out of town chain Outfit, which sells lines from the other group chains. The group has more than 2,500 outlets in the UK, concessions in UK department stores such as Debenhams, Selfridges, as well as several hundred franchises in other countries.

The company is majority owned by Taveta Investments, itself owned by Tina Green, the wife of Sir Philip Green, who is himself the chairman of the Arcadia Group. Philip Green has been involved in a number of controversies during his career, including the payment of generous dividends to Richard Caring, Tom Hunter, and Philip Green's family prior to the demise of BHS.

In April 2019, it was reported that the Arcadia group, controlled by Philip Green's family, had recorded a £300m deficit into its pension fund, while the Green family had cashed out £1.2bn in dividends from Arcadia in 2005.

British MP Frank Field, who previously investigated the BHS pension deficit, has publicly criticised Philip Green for paying huge dividends to his family and friend Richard Caring "when things are going well", and making his employees pay "when things are not going well".

SABMiller

SABMiller plc was a multinational brewing and beverage company headquartered in London, England. It is the world's second-largest brewer measured by revenues (after the Belgian-Brazilian-American Anheuser-Busch InBev) and is also a major bottler of Coca-Cola. Its brands include Fosters, Grolsch, Miller, Peroni and Pilsner Urquell. It has operations in 80 countries world-wide and in 2009 sold around 21 billion litres of beverages.

SABMiller's origins date back to the foundation of South African Breweries in 1895 as to serve a growing market of miners and prospectors in and around Johannesburg. Two years later, it became the first industrial company to list on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange. From the early 1990s onwards, the company increasingly expanded internationally, making several acquisitions in both emerging and developed markets. In 1999, it formed a new UK-based holding company, SAB plc, and moved its primary listing to London. In May 2002, SAB plc acquired Miller Brewing, forming SABMiller plc.

SABMiller has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index. It has a market capitalisation of approximately £42 billion as of 24 October 2015, the 6th-largest of any company with a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange. It has a secondary listing on the Johannesburg Stock Exchange.

In October 2015, Anheuser-Busch InBev announced plans to acquire SABMiller for £69 billion ($104 billion).


Home Retail Group

Home Retail Group plc is one of the UK's leading home and general merchandise retailers. It is the parent company of Argos and Habitat. It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.

Home Retail Group owns a number of well-known brands, including Alba, Bush, Chad Valley, Challenger, Cherokee, Cooksworks, Habitat, Heart of House, Hygena, Schreiber, and Sovereign.

Veles (god)

Veles is a Slavic god of wealth, undergrounds and trade. It is very important in Pomeranian Slavs religion.

Marzanna

Marzanna (in Polish), Marena (in Russian), Morana (in Czech, Bulgarian, Slovene, and Serbo-Croatian), or Morena or Kyselica (in Slovak), Kiszehajtás (in Hungarian), Morena (in Macedonian), Maslenitsa (in Russia) and also Mara (in Belarusian and Ukrainian), Maržena, Moréna, Mora or Marmora, Morė (in Lithuanian) is the goddess of death and winter in Slavic paganism. In many Slavic countries, it is very popular to burn a doll, that represents Marzanna, when it's beginning of spring.

Gerovit

Gerovit is a god of war in Slavic beliefs. Almost everything we know about him, we know thanks to German bishops, who visited Slavic countries.

Zhangzhung

Zhangzhung (Tibetan: ཞང་ཞུང; Tibetan pinyin: Xangxang; Chinese: 象雄; pronounced Shangshung) was a kingdom in western Tibet, northern Pakistan and parts of northern India, before the 7th century. The religion of Zhangzhung was Bon, and the people are sometimes called Bonpo. The Bon religion influenced Tibet and Tibetan Buddhism. The Zhangzhung are mentioned frequently in Tibetan texts as the original rulers of central and western Tibet.

We are still trying to learn more about them.

Zhang Zhung had three different regions:


It was an independent kingdom and covered all of Western Tibet, Baltistan and Ladakh.

The capital was Khyunglung, the "Silver Palace of Garuda", southwest of Mount Kailash, with palaces found in the upper Sutlej Valley.

Scientists dug stuff in the Chang Tang plateau and found iron. These may be the Zhangzhung's iron.

The "Tang Annals" say that the Tibetan emperor Songtsen Gampo conquered and unified the Zhangzhung. In 634, Yangtong (Zhang Zhung) and various Qiang tribes, "altogether submitted to him." Gampo then united the Yangtong to defeat the 'Azha or Tuyuhun and conquer two more Qiang tribes. He then threatened Songzhou (China) with an army of more than 200,000 men. He then sent gifts of gold and silk to the Tang emperor to marry a princess. At first the Emperor Gaozong of Tang refused so Gampo attacked Songzhou. But Gampo later gave up and apologized so the emperor married him to Princess Wencheng.

There are some Zhangzhung texts and 11th century bilingual Tibetan documents. The Zhangzhung language was related to Kinnauri, a Sino–Tibetan language.

The Bonpo claim that the Tibetan writing system is derived from the Zhangzhung alphabet. However Tibetan script comes from the subcontinent. Non-Bon Tibetan texts agree.

Bonpo religion was founded by a Buddha-like person named Tonpa Shenrab Miwoche. Tonpa's teachings are very similar to Gautama Buddha. Bonpos claim that Tonpa lived 18,000 years ago and visited Tibet from the land of Tagzig Olmo Lung Ring.

The Bonpo claim that during this time Lord Tonpa's teachings entered the Indian subcontinent and helped develop the Vedic religion (Hinduism). An example of this link between Bon and Hinduism is Mount Kailash, the center of Zhang Zhung culture and also most sacred mountain to Hindus. As a result, the Bonpos claim that Hinduism owes its origin to Tonpa Shenrab Miwoche.

Video assistant referee

Video assistant referee (VAR) is a system that helps referees to decide better about players fouls, if a goal was valid, red card decisions, etc. in soccer matches. When the referee is going to review a play on the field at the VAR box, they outline a square with their hands, as if showing the outline of a TV screen. It was used for the first time in the 2016 FIFA Club World Cup. It was used for the first time for international matches in the 2017 FIFA Confederations Cup. The first time VAR was used in the FIFA World Cup was in the 2018 World Cup.

In March 2018, the VAR was permanentely written into the Laws of the Game by the International Football Association Board (IFAB).

There are 3 categories of decisions that can be reviewed:


The referee can review the play on the field by going to the VAR box, listen to the VAR's recommendation, or completely ignore the VAR advice. The referee can only review the play on the field with recommendation of the VAR to prevent the referee from relying on it too much.

The VAR system has been criticised by many people, mostly because of how much time is used up in reviews, overly relying on it, and causing confusion. Manager Mauricio Pochettino said "it made everyone confused". He also said that he felt sorry for the fans and for the referee after an FA Cup match.

Nir, Iran

Nir is a city in Iran. It is located in the north west of Iran in the Ardabil Province. it is a part of the Nir County.

Slavic Native Faith

Slavic Naitive Faith is modern pagan religion, which is related to Slavic paganism. It is sometimes called Rodnovery.

Tōyō Bunko

The is Japan's largest Asian studies library. It is one of the world's five largest libraries. It is located in Tokyo. 

It contains around 950,000 documents, written in Asian, Western and Japanese languages.

It was started by Mitsubishi Motors and opened in 1924.

Oyanagi Shigeta

Oyanagi Shigeta (小柳司気太, 1870 December 24 - 1940 July 18 ) is a Japanese scholar of Chinese literature and Taoism. He is from Niigata Prefecture and graduated from Tokyo Imperial University. His mom's last name is Kumakura (熊倉). 

Epigraphy

Epigraphy is the study of writings, inscriptions (epigraphs) on things like rocks, clay, stone, paper, etc. It is used to study writing; often for learning about languages of the past.

Mokosh

Mokosh () is a Slavic goddess of fate and the protector of women in childbirth.

Luo Zhenyu

Luo Zhenyu (August 8, 1866 – May 14, 1940), courtesy name Shuyun (叔蘊), was a Chinese classical scholar, philologist, epigrapher, antiquarian. He supported the Qing dynasty, even after it fell.

Silesian language

Silesian or Upper Silesian (Silesian: / ; ; , , ; ) from the West Slavic language family. Some linguists say, that it is a dialect of Polish, because of big similarities between these languages. It's mostly spoken in Poland, but also in the Czech Republic and Germany.

Cen Chunxuan

Cen Chunxuan (1861 – 27 April 1933) was a Zhuang Chinese politician who lived in the late Qing dynasty and Republic of China. He wanted the Qing to become a monarchy based on a constitution (written set of laws). Empress Dowager Cixi supported him. He was a governor of Guangdong and became a warlord during the ROC but then Sun Yat-sen's government replaced his.

Suzhou High School

Suzhou High School of Jiangsu Province (), is a Chinese public high school. It has over 1000 years of history. 

Many famous people graduated from there. It is in Suzhou, Jiangsu. In 1035, the Northern Song politician Fan Zhongyan founded it ().

Fujita Toyohachi

Fujita Toyohachi (Kanji: 藤田豊八；Hiragana: ふじたとよはち; 19 October 1869 - 15 July 1929) is a Japanese writer and professor in East Asian History. He is from Tokushima Prefecture. His (Chinese) pen name name was Jianfeng / Kenfou (劍峰).

He founded a school in Jiangsu, China. He was a teacher at Beijing University (the Imperial University, 京師大學堂), author of Secondary Education East Asian history《中等教育東洋史》and Research on the History of East-West Interactions《東西交涉史之研究（東西交渉史の研究）》。

He collected over 1700 Chinese books. After he died, those were sent to the Toyo Bunko (東洋文庫) and put into a section called Fujita's library「藤田文庫」。

In 1869, Fujita was born in Awa Province (Tokushima).

In 1895, he graduated from the University of Tokyo Liberal arts school with a degree in Chinese language studies.

After that he taught the history of Chinese literature at Waseda University, Toyo University, and other schools

In 1896, he cofounded the Dongya Xueyuan (東亞學院, East Asia College) with Oyanagi Shigeta and others. Fujita also founded the journal "Jiangsu Wenxue"《江湖文學》(Jiangsu Literature).

In 1897, he visited Shanghai.

In 1898, he helped create the Dongwen Xueshe (東文學社, East Asian literature society) with Luo Zhenyu.

After 1904, Cen Chunxuan (岑春煊) governor of Guangxi and Guangdong asked Fujita to help with education.

In 1905, he also helped create Suzhou high school (江苏师范学堂). He invited more than 10 teachers from Japan. The Qing dynasty then awarded him a medal. In 1909 Fujita became a professor at the prestigious Beijing University.

In 1912, Japan returned to Japan. He lived in Tokyo and researched the history of east–west interactions. In 1920 he got a PhD in literature.

In 1923, he was professor at Waseda University. He taught the history of east–west sea transportation and the history of the Western regions (China, Xiyu, modern day Xinjiang).

In 1925, he became professor at the imperial Tokyo University and first lecturer on East Asian history.

In 1928, he became a professor and Minister of culture and politics at Taibei Imperial University (臺北帝國大學). In May 1929 he returned to Tokyo to give a lecture on the history of the Xiyu again. But in July he died of kidney failure.


Western Regions

The Western Regions or Xiyu () refers to Central Asia, specifically west of the Yumen pass. It was used in Chinese between the 3rd century BC to the 8th century AD. 

It sometimes refers to Xinjiang or even northern parts of the Indian subcontinent (as in the novel "Journey to the West").

Because it is located on the Silk Road, the xiyu have been important since at least the 3rd century BC.

The Han–Xiongnu War (ended 89 AD) was fought there. In the 7th century, the Tang campaign against the Western Regions led to Chinese control of the region. 

The xiyu became an important place of exchange between East Asia, the Indian subcontinent, and the Muslim world.

This was especially true during the Mongol Empire. Buddhism spread through the region to China. 

The Tang dynasty monk Xuanzang crossed the region on his way to study in India. When he returned to Chang'an, the influential "Great Tang Records on the Western Regions" was written.

Cologny

Cologny is a municipality in the canton of Geneva, Switzerland.


Emperor Ming of Han

Emperor Ming of Han (15 June 28 AD – 5 September 75 AD) was the second emperor of China's Eastern Han Dynasty.

He was born .

Kalman filter

The Kalman filter is an algorithm (a step-by-step process) that helps people remove errors from numbers. It is named for Rudolf E. Kálmán, a mathematician who helped to make it.

Science can use the Kalman filter in many ways. One important use is steering airplanes and space ships. People also use the Kalman filter to make a model of how humans use nerves and muscles to move their bodies.

The Kalman filter has two steps. The first step is predicting (trying to say what you think will happen). The Kalman filter makes a first guess about what we think is true (an "estimate") and how certain we are that it is true ("uncertainty"). Next, the Kalman filter makes a new guess by using a weighted average. More certain numbers are more important in this weighted average. After doing these two steps, we use the new guess to start these steps again.

An Shigao

An Shigao () lived from 148-180 CE. He was a Buddhist. And he helped translate Indian Buddhist texts into Chinese. According to legend, he was a prince of Parthia (modern Iran). He gave up being a prince to become a Buddhist missionary monk in China.

Thônex

Thônex is a municipality of the canton of Geneva, Switzerland. It is in the east of the canton and shares a border with the French town of Ambilly.

In 1869, the municipality was created when Chêne-Thônex split into two independent municipalities Chêne-Bourg and Thônex.


American Indian Wars

The American Indian Wars (also known as the Indian Wars or the First Nations Wars; ) is the name for the various battles that were fought by European, American, and Canadian governments and colonists against various American Indian and First Nation tribes. These conflicts happened in North America from the time of the earliest colonial settlements in the 17th century until the 1920s. The various Indian Wars resulted from a wide variety of factors, including cultural differences, land disputes, and crimes committed by both sides. The European powers and their colonies also enlisted Indian tribes to help them do war against each other's colonial settlements.

After the American Revolution, many conflicts were local to specific states or regions. The conflicts were usually about disputes over land use; some had cycles of violent actions. The British Royal Proclamation of 1763, included in the Constitution of Canada, banned white settlers from taking the lands of native peoples in Canada without signing a treaty with them. It is still law in Canada today, and 11 Numbered Treaties, limited the number of conflicts.

As white settlers went west across America after 1780, the size, length of time, and intensity of conflicts increased between settlers and various Indians. The biggest came in the War of 1812, which resulted in the defeat of major Indian coalitions in the Midwest and the South. Conflict with settlers happened less, and treaties became more common. The Indian Removal Act of 1830 allowed the US government to remove natives from east of the Mississippi River to the west. The west was what the government believed to be empty American frontier. (Many tribes had a lot of territory in this area, however.) The federal US policy of removal was eventually changed in the West. It was changed to relocating Indian tribes to specially designated and federally protected reservations.


Yao Qian Shu

The money tree (Chinese: 搖錢樹; yao qian shu; literally: shake money tree) is a holy tree that can give you money if you shake it.

It came from the Han Dynasty. Bronze qianshu are appear a lot in Sichuan graves.

Dry county

A dry county is a county in the United States whose government does not allow the sale of any kind of alcoholic beverages. Some don't allow off-premises sales, some don't allow on-premises sale, and some don't allow both. Many dry counties exist in the United States. Most of them in the South. Some smaller jurisdictions also exist, such as cities, towns, and townships, which don't allow alcohol to be sold. These are known as dry cities, dry towns, or dry townships. Dry jurisdictions can be contrasted with "wet" (minimal alcohol prohibitions) and "moist" (fewer prohibitions than "dry" but more than "wet").

Parliament of Finland

The Parliament of Finland (, ) is the unicameral supreme legislature of Finland. It was founded on 9 May 1906. It works with the Constitution of Finland. The power is vested in the Parliament. The Parliament is made up of 200 members, 199 of whom are elected every four years. In addition, there is one member from Åland.

Legislation may start by either the Government or one of the members of Parliament.

Kucha

Kucha (, ) was an ancient Buddhist kingdom in Xinjiang (East Turkestan). 

It was on the Silk Road.

Jeremy Kemp

Jeremy Kemp (3 January 1935 – 19 July 2019) was an English actor. He was known for his roles in the miniseries "The Winds of War", the movie "The Blue Max" and the TV series "Z-Cars".

Michael English (politician)

Michael English (24 December 1930 – 13 July 2019) was a British Labour Party politician. He was a Member of Parliament for the British Parliament for Nottingham West from 1964 to 1983. 

English died on 13 July 2019 at the age of 88.


Nicodemus, Kansas

Nicodemus is an unincorporated community in Graham County, Kansas, United States. The community was created in 1877. it is named after the Biblical figure Nicodemus.

The Nicodemus National Historic Site is in Nicodemus. The place commemorates the only remaining western town created by African Americans during the Reconstruction Period. During the last weekend of July, former residents and their descendants return for celebrations and parades.

In 1976, Nicodemus was named a National Historic Landmark. As of 2018, its First Baptist Church, African Methodist Episcopal Church, and other historic buildings are in bad condition that they cannot be opened to the public.

The United States Census Bureau says that the Nicodemus township has an area of 32.4 square miles. The town is along Highway 24 in the Great Plains.

Summer is typically long and hot. Thunderstorms are common during summer. Spring and fall are usually short, while winter is cold. The average precipitation is about 22 inches.



Lengger

Lengger is a traditional dance from the Banyumasan area of the Central Java, Indonesia.

Ragged school

Ragged schools were free schools for poor children’s education in nineteenth-century Britain. The London Ragged Schools Union was established in April 1844. They gave free education, food, clothes and other services. The classes were sometimes held in stables, lofts and railway arches. Most teachers were volunteers but there were some who were paid. About 300,000 children went to London ragged schools between 1844 and 1881.

There was no legal structure which supported primary education in England until the second half of the 19th century. There were, however, Church of England schools.

Parliament did not lay down rules for education until 1870, the year of Forster's Education Act (Elementary Education Act of 1870). The Elementary Education Act 1880 (the Mundella Act) made school boards enforce compulsory attendance from 5 to 10 years. Attendance officers might visit the homes of absent (truant) children. Children who were employed needed a certificate to show they had reached the educational standard. Employers of these children who could not show this were penalised.

The 1891 Elementary Education Act provided for the state payment of school fees up to ten shillings per head. This made primary education free. The Elementary Education (School Attendance) Act 1893 raised the school leaving age to 11. 

Fedio

Fedio (also spelled Fedyo; ) is a Syrian village located in Latakia Governorate. Fedio had a population of 4,065 in the 2004 census. 

Pinyin for other languages

Chinese Pinyin is used for other languages besides Standard Mandarin and other Varieties of Chinese. In China different pinyin systems are used for Mongolian, Uyghur, Manchu, and Tibetan. 

The former State Administration of Surveying and Mapping, Geographical Names Committee and former Script Reform Committee created these pinyin methods. 

These have been used since 1978.

Latakia Governorate

Latakia Governorate ( / ALA-LC: "Muḥāfaẓat al-Lādhiqīyah") is one of the fourteen governorates (provinces) of Syria. It is in western Syria, bordering Turkey. Its reported area varies in different sources from 2,297 km² to 2,437 km². The governorate population was 991,000 (2010 estimate). Members of the Alawite sect are the majority in the governorate, although Armenians, Turkmen, and Sunni Kurds form the majorities in the Kessab, Jabal Turkman, and Jabal al-Akrad regions respectively. The capital of Latakia had, by 2010 estimates, 400,000 inhabitants, 50% of whom were Alawites, 30% were Sunni, and 20% Christian.

The Latakia Governorate borders Turkey to the north, Tartous to the south, Hama and Idlib to the east and the Mediterranean sea to the west. Although the western part of the governorate is mainly of coastal plains, the eastern parts are mountainous, with the Syrian Coastal Mountain Range running north to south, parallel to the coastal plains. Its highest peak, Nabi Yunis, is 1562 meters (5,125 ft) tall with the average elevation only about 1200 meters. The western areas of the governorate catch moisture-laden winds from the Mediterranean Sea and are thus more fertile and more heavily populated than the eastern slopes.

The Orontes River flows north alongside the range on its eastern verge in the Ghab valley, a longitudinal trench, and then around the northern edge of the range to flow into the Mediterranean. Another important river is Nahr al-Kabir al-Shamali, a river running from the Turkish border and to the southwest to flow in the Mediterranean with the "16 Tishreen dam", one of the most important in the region, being constructed to use the river power generation, storage of rain and river water, and the creation of "Mashqita lake".

The following cities are the administrative centres of the districts in Latakia Governorate (Population based on 2004 official census):

The governorate is divided into four districts ("manatiq"):


These are further divided into 22 sub-districts (nawahi).

The governorate is located on the Mediterranean Sea, which gave it great economic importance, most notably the capital of the governorate, Latakia, which serves as not only the governorate's but also Syria's main port. Its port was established on 12 February 1950.

Its imported cargo include clothing, construction materials, vehicles, furniture, minerals, tobacco, cotton, and food supplies such as lintels, onions, wheat, barley, dates, grains and figs, and in 2008, the port handled about 8 million tons of cargo.

The governorate is also a tourist destination for many Syrian locals, the Cote d'Azur Beach of Latakia is Syria's premier coastal resort, and offers water skiing, jet skiing, and windsurfing. The city contains eight hotels, two of which have five-star ratings; both the Cote d'Azur de Cham Hotel and Lé Meridien Lattiquie Hotel are located north of the city, at Cote d'Azur. The latter hotel has 274 rooms and is the only international hotel in the city.

Also, window shopping and evening strolls in the markets is considered a favorite pastime in Latakia. Numerous designer-label stores line 8 Azar Street, and the heart of the city's shopping area is the series of blocks enclosed by 8 Azar Street, Yarmouk Street, and Saad Zaghloul Street in the city center. Cinemas in Latakia include Ugarit Cinema, al-Kindi, and a smaller theater off al-Moutanabbi Street.

In 2010, Latakia City was 50% Alawite, 40% Sunni and 10% Christian, however, the rural hinterland has an Alawite majority of roughly 70%, with Christians making up 14%, Sunni Muslims making up 12%, and Ismailis representing the remaining 2%. The city of Latakia, the governorate's center, serves as the capital of the Alawite population and is a major cultural center for the religion. Christians form a majority in the northmost part of the governorate, in the town of Kessab, and in many neighborhoods in Latakia such as the American street.

The primary languages of the province are Arabic, Armenian and Turcoman. Arabic is spoken in all district centers of the governorate and most, if not all towns and villages surrounding them, with the North Levantine dialect mostly used, with the exception of the town of Kessab, a historically Armenian-populated town where Armenian is the primary language in it and the surrounding villages such as Sev Aghpyur, Esguran and Duzaghaj, and the Turkmen Mountain where Turcoman is spoken primarily.

The Kurdish minority in the governorate have mostly shifted to speaking Arabic in recent years, but nonetheless, those who speak Kurdish use the Kurmanji dialect of the language, mainly in Jabal al-Akrad.

Wanda Vázquez Garced

Wanda Vázquez Garced is a Puerto Rican lawyer and politician. She was the 14th governor of Puerto Rico from August 7, 2019 to January 2, 2021. She also was Secretary of Justice from 2017 to 2019.

Suffern, New York

Suffern is a village that was created in 1796 in the town of Ramapo, Rockland County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, Suffern's population was 11,441.

Youssef Chahed

Youssef Chahed (; born 18 September 1975) is a Tunisian politician. He was the Head of Government of Tunisia from 2016 to 2020. He was Secretary of State for Fishing from 2015 to 2016 and Minister of Local Affairs in 2016. He was a member of the Nidaa Tounes party until he formed Long Live Tunisia.

A failed presidential candidate, Chahed came in fifth place in the 2019 election.

Napoleon, Ohio

Napoleon is a city in and the county seat of Henry County, Ohio, United States. It is located near the Maumee River. It is 44 miles southwest of Toledo. As of the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 8,862.

Bloomfield, Connecticut

Bloomfield is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 21,535 at the 2020 census.

Eliel Saarinen

Gottlieb Eliel Saarinen (; August 20, 1873 – July 1, 1950) was a Finnish-American architect known for his work with art nouveau buildings in the early years of the 20th century.


Maumee River

The Maumee River (pronounced ) (Shawnee: "Hotaawathiipi"; Miami-Illinois: "Taawaawa siipiiwi") is a river running from northeastern Indiana into northwestern Ohio and Lake Erie in the United States. The city of Toledo is located at the mouth of the Maumee. 

It is the largest watershed of any of the rivers feeding the Great Lakes, and supplies five percent of Lake Erie’s water.

Grand Rapids, Ohio

Grand Rapids is a village in Grand Rapids Township, Wood County, Ohio, United States. It is located along the Maumee River. The population was 925 at the 2020 census.

Henry County, Ohio

Henry County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 27,662. Its county seat is Napoleon. The county was created in 1820. It is named for Patrick Henry.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of 420 square miles (1,100 km), of which 416 square miles (1,080 km) is land and 3.7 square miles (9.6 km) (0.9%) is water.

Blue Hills, Connecticut

Blue Hills is a community in Hartford County, Connecticut. It is made up by the northwest corner of the city of Hartford and the southeast corner of the town of Bloomfield. 

The Bloomfield portion is listed by the U.S. Census Bureau as a census-designated place (CDP), with a population of 2,762 at the 2020 census.

Dikembe Mutombo

Dikembe Mutombo Mpolondo Mukamba Jean-Jacques Wamutombo (born June 25, 1966) is a Congolese-American retired professional basketball player and humanitarian. Mutombo played 18 seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played for the Denver Nuggets, Atlanta Hawks, Philadelphia 76ers, New Jersey Nets, New York Knicks and the Houston Rockets.

Bloomberg News

Bloomberg News (originally Bloomberg Business News) is an international news agency headquartered in New York. It creates news that is disseminated through Bloomberg Terminals, Bloomberg Television, Bloomberg Radio, "Bloomberg Businessweek", "Bloomberg Markets", Bloomberg.com and Bloomberg's mobile platforms. Since 2015, John Micklethwait has been the editor-in-chief.

Bloomberg News was created by Michael Bloomberg and Matthew Winkler in 1990 to give financial news reporting to Bloomberg Terminal subscribers.

The agency was created in 1990 with a team of six people. Winkler was first editor-in-chief. In 2010, Bloomberg News had over 2,300 editors and reporters in 72 countries and 146 news bureaus worldwide.


Revenge of the Nerds

Revenge of the Nerds is a 1984 comedy film about a group of brainy misfits who get into university in computer science and get revenge against the people by whom they are constantly bullied. An episode of The Simpsons called "Revenge is a dish best served three times over" included a parody of Revenge of the Nerds called "the Revenge of the Geeks" of which Milhouse Van Houten is the protagonist.

If I Ran the Zoo

If I Ran the Zoo is a children's book published in 1950 and written by Dr. Seuss. It is about a child who goes to the zoo gets bored and starts describing all the fictional animals he would put in the zoo if he ran the Zoo.

This book also had the first case of the world “nerd”.

Céligny

Céligny is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland. It has two small exclaves of the canton of Geneva mostly surrounded by the Canton of Vaud, near Crans-près-Céligny.


Nemesis

In ancient Greek religion, Nemesis (), is the goddess who takes vengeance against those who show hubris (arrogance before the gods).

Divine retribution is a major theme in the Hellenic world view. It is the unifying theme of the tragedies of Sophocles and many other literary works.

She carried a measuring rod (a tally stick), a bridle, scales, a sword, and a scourge (whip), and she rides in a chariot drawn by griffins.

Nemesis often is seen with another goddess named Aidos. Aidos is the goddess of shame. She is similar to Nemesis.

The Ancient Greek made different meanings for what they called "justice":

In works of fiction the hero's nemesis is usually the villain and the hardest antagonist for the hero to defeat.

Chancy

Chancy is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Battle of Black Jack

The Battle of Black Jack happened on June 2, 1856, when anti-slavery people, led by abolitionist John Brown, attacked the camp of Henry C. Pate near Baldwin City, Kansas. The battle is one event of "Bleeding Kansas," and it was part of the lead up to the American Civil War of 1861 to 1865.

In 2012 the National Park Service designated the battlefield a National Historic Landmark.


Viry, Haute-Savoie

Viry is a commune. It is in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in southeastern France.

Ungersheim

Ungersheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Urbès

Urbès is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Vieux-Ferrette

Vieux-Ferrette is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Vieux-Thann

Vieux-Thann is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Lawrence County, Mississippi

Lawrence County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 12,016 people lived there. Its county seat is Monticello.

Black Jack, Kansas

Black Jack is an unincorporated community in Douglas County, in the U.S. state of Kansas.

The Battle of Black Jack was fought near Black Jack Creek in 1856. 

Black Jack was created in 1857. It was named after nearby Black Jack Creek. The creek was named for the Blackjack Oak trees along it. A post office was created at Black Jack in 1858. It continued to be used until 1895.

Brown County, Kansas

Brown County (county code BR) is a county in the northeast part of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 9,508 people lived there. Its county seat is Hiawatha. Hiawatha is the second-biggest city in Brown County. Brown County is where the Kickapoo Indian Reservation of Kansas is. It also has most of the Sac and Fox Reservation and most of the Iowa Reservation of Kansas and Nebraska.

Brown County was created in 1855. It was named after Albert G. Brown.

The U.S. Census Bureau says the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water. The Wolf River has starts in the county. Brown State Fishing Lake is in the county, 8 miles (13 km) east of Hiawatha.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

Brown County very Republican. Brown was Alf Landon’s strongest county in his home state during his 1936 presidential campaign. Noo Democratic presidential candidate has ever won a most of the votes Brown County.




Anderson County, Kansas

Anderson County (county code AN) is a county in East Central Kansas, in the Central United States. In 2020, 7,836 people lived there. Its county seat is Garnett. Garnett is also the biggest city in Anderson County.

In 1855, Anderson County was created. It was named after Joseph C. Anderson.

In 1887, the first photograph of a tornado was taken in Anderson county.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.7%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau





Mohamed Ennaceur

Mohamed Ennaceur (; born 21 March 1934) is a Tunisian politician. He was the acting President of Tunisia from 25 July 2019 after the death of President Beji Caid Essebsi until 23 October 2019. 

From 2014 until 2021, he was the Speaker of the Assembly of the Representatives of the People and leader of the governing Nidaa Tounes party. He was Minister of Social Affairs in the 1970s and 1980s under President Habib Bourguiba, and again in 2011 in the transitional Ghannouchi and Essebsi governments.

Mohamed Ghannouchi

Mohamed Ghannouchi ( "Muhammad Al-Ghannushi"; born 18 August 1941) is a Tunisian politician. He was Prime Minister of Tunisia from 1999 to 2011. Ghannouchi was an important political figure in the Tunisian government under President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali.

Ghannouchi resigned as Prime Minister on 27 February 2011 after multiple protests during the Tunisian Revolution called for him and President Ben Ali to resign.

Progressive Party (United States, 1912)

The Progressive Party was a liberal third party in the United States. It was created in 1912 by former President Theodore Roosevelt after he lost the presidential nomination of the Republican Party to incumbent President William Howard Taft. The new party was known for taking advanced positions on progressive and populist reforms. It also attracted famous national reformers. After the party's defeat in 1912 , it went into rapid decline in elections until 1918, disappearing by 1920. The Progressive Party was often called the "Bull Moose Party" since Roosevelt often said that he felt "strong as a bull moose".



Khakassia

Khakassia (; Khakas: ) is a federal subject of Russia. Its capital is Abakan. As of 2022 the population was 544,107.

My Neighbors the Yamadas

My Neighbors the Yamadas () is a 1999 Japanese animated comedy movie written and directed by Isao Takahata and produced by Studio Ghibli.

Terry Fallis

Terry Fallis is a Canadian writer and humourist. Fallis was trained as an engineer at McMaster University in Ontario. Fallis was involved in student politics and became president of the student union. Fallis joined the Liberal Party of Canada and worked for the campaigns of Jean Chrétien, Robert Nixon and Micheal Ignatieff. Fallis wrote and later self-published a novel called the "Best Laid Plans" about a man who wants to quit his work in politics by managing the campaign of someone he believes has absolutely no chance of winning so that no one will take him seriously enough ever to hire him again and then shockingly ends up having his political candidate win. Fallis won the Stephen Leacock Award for Canadian humour. Fallis wrote a sequel to "The Best Laid Plans" called "The High Road" about an idealistic re-election campaign. Fallis wrote "Up and Down" about a 71 year old woman from British Columbia who becomes an astronaut in NASA. Fallis later met a man by the name of Brian Mulroney who is not related to the Prime Minister Brian Mulroney. Fallis then wrote a novel called "No Relation" about a man who wants to become a writer but can't because his name happens to be Earnest Hemingway,even though he is not related to Ernest Hemingway and starts a support group for people who have famous names while trying to resist his father's effort to make him take over his father's underwear company. Fallis wrote the novel "Poles Apart" about a man who starts a popular feminist website using the pseudonym Eve and who everyone assumes is a woman. Fallis also wrote a novel called "One Brother Shy"


Stephen Leacock

Stephen P. H. Butler Leacock (30 December 1869 – 28 March 1944) was a Canadian teacher, political scientist, writer, and humorist. He was born in England and moved to Canada at the age of six and went to Upper Canada College in Toronto.

Leacock completed his doctoral studies at the University of Chicago and started to teach at Upper Canada College before becoming Dean of political science and economics at Mcgill University in Montreal. Leacock eventually became principal of McGill.

Leacock became a well-known writer and humourist and for a time was the world's most famous comedian. Leacock was an influence on Groucho Marx. Leacock was a social conservative. Leacock died in 1944. An Award for Canadian humour was named after him. 

Zhangxun Restoration

The Zhangxun Restoration was an attempt to restore the Qing Dynasty in July 1917. 

In 1911 after the Xinhai Revolution, the Qing Dynasty died. It was the last monarchy of China after thousands of years. The last emperor of the Qing was Puyi. General Zhang Xun tried to put Puyi back on the throne in 1917. Zhang got an army and entered Beijing.

But it lasted only a few days, from July 1 to July 12. Troops from the Republic of China (1912–1949) quickly ended it.

Honing oil

Honing oil is a liquid solution that aids in sharpening different machinery. One of the most common type of honing oil is the one used with sharpening stones. Not only they protect the sharpening stone but they also keep the stone pores from clogging.

There are different types of honing oil and substitutes. It has been noticed that some people use water instead of honing oil to make the sharpening process smooth. Although, water is no substitute of honing oil according to many chefs and experts.

The thickness of honing oil matters a lot. For example, motor oil, which is another type of honing oil, cannot be used with sharpening stones since it is too thick and instead of protecting the sharpening stone pores, it will clog them. 

The composition of honing oil is simple. There are two types of honing oil. One is the water based honing oil and the other is petroleum based. Chlorine and sulfur are the most common chemicals that are found in petroleum and mineral based honing oil.

Some honing oil could be toxic for specific materials such as petroleum based honing oil for sharpening stones. Windex, Simple Green and Lansky are some of the most common honing oil manufacturers.

Robert Plutchik

Robert Plutchik (21 October 1927 – 20 April 2006) was an emeritus professor at the Albert Einstein College of Medicine. He was also a professor at the University of South Florida. 

Despite Plutchik's constant harassment from his classmates, he thrived in secondary school and surpassed his pupils. Cruel jokes surrounding Robert's last name set him back in his discoveries. Leaders such as Ronald Reagan have told CNN that if he wasn't taunted, Plutchik could have discovered more, possibly even benefiting society to a greater extent. 

Plutchik received his Ph.D. from Columbia University and receiving an honorary degree in sociology from Buttcreek Community College. He was a psychologist. He authored or coauthored more than 260 articles, 45 chapters and eight books and edited seven books. His research interests included the study of emotions, the study of suicide and violence, and the study of the psychotherapy process.


Liane Russell

Liane Brauch "Lee" Russell (August 27, 1923 – July 20, 2019) was an Austrian-born American geneticist and conservationist. She was known for her works on mammalian genetics. Her works helped create an understanding of the chromosomic basis for sex determination in mammals. She was also known for raising awareness for the harmful affects of radiation, drugs, fuels and waste on mice and pregnant women. 

Russell was born in Vienna, Austria. She studied at the University of Chicago. Russell died at her home in Oak Ridge, Tennessee on July 20, 2019 at the age of 95.

Ruth Gotlieb

Ruth Gotlieb (née Wolman, – 23 July 2019) was a British-New Zealand politician. She was born in England, but was raised in Cork, Ireland. Her career was based in Wellington, New Zealand. Gotlieb was a member of the Wellington City Council from 1983 to 2001.

Gotlieb died on 23 July 2019 in Wellington at the age of 96.

Barney Smith (museum curator)

Barney Smith (May 25, 1921 – July 23, 2019) was an American plumber, artist and museum curator. He was best known for his Toilet Seat Art Museum in San Antonio, Texas, which he operated out of his garage. It had 1,000 pieces of art and drew visitors from around the globe.

Smith died on July 23, 2019 in San Antonio at the age of 98.

Ferdinand von Bismarck

Ferdinand Herbord Ivar, Prince of Bismarck (German: "Ferdinand Herbord Ivar Fürst von Bismarck"; November 22, 1930 – July 23, 2019) was a German businessman and lawyer. He was the Prince of Bismarck from 1975 to 2019. He was replaced by his eldest son Carl-Eduard von Bismarck. He was born in London. He worked as an attorney in Hamburg.

Bismarck died on 23 July 2019 in Reinbek, Germany at the age of 88.


Cathy Inglese

Catherine Mary Inglese (December 16, 1958 – July 24, 2019) was an American college basketball coach. She was the head coach for women's basketball programs for a total of 27 years, at the University of Vermont, Boston College, and the University of Rhode Island from 1980 to 2007. Inglese was born in Wallingford, Connecticut.

Inglese had a traumatic brain injury after falling in a stairwell on July 17, 2019. She had surgery at North Shore University Hospital in Manhasset, New York. Inglese died from her injuries on July 24, 2019, aged 60. 

Wallingford, Connecticut

Wallingford is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 44,396 at the 2020 census. The community was named after Wallingford, in England.

Yankee Candle

The Yankee Candle Company (referred to simply as Yankee Candle) is an American manufacturer and retailer of scented candles, candleholders, accessories, and dinnerware. It is the largest candle manufacturer in the United States. The company is headquartered in South Deerfield, Massachusetts.

The Jarden Corporation agreed to buy candle maker Yankee Candle for $1.75 billion in the fall of 2013. In 2015, Newell Rubbermaid announced that it would acquire Jarden for over $15 billion of cash and stock.

South Deerfield, Massachusetts

South Deerfield is a census-designated place (CDP) in Deerfield, Franklin County, Massachusetts, United States. It is home to the well-known Yankee Candle Company. At the 2020 census, the population of South Deerfield was 1,930.

Jesper Juul

Jesper Juul (18 April 1948 – 25 July 2019) was a Danish family therapist and author. He wrote many books on parenting to a general audience. In his book "Your Competent Child" (1995, in English 2001) he argues that families today have destructive values. The book "Has so far" (2007) been translated into 13 languages. He was born in Vordingborg, Denmark.

Juul died of pneumonia in Copenhagen on 25 July 2019 at the age of 71.


Pierre Péan

Pierre Péan (5 March 1938 – 25 July 2019) was a French investigative journalist and author. He wrote many books about political scandals in France. He was born in Maine-et-Loire, France. In 1994, he published "Une jeunesse française: François Mitterrand" ("A French Youth: François Mitterrand"). The book is a biography covering the life of François Mitterrand from 1934 to 1947. He also wrote books on Charles de Gaulle.

Péan died on 25 July 2019 at the age of 81.


Rose Franco

Rose Franco (born January 22, 1934) is a retired United States Marine Corps Warrant Officer. She was born in Guánica, Puerto Rico. She is the first Hispanic woman to become a chief warrant officer in the U.S. Marine Corps.

In 1965, Franco was named Administrative Assistant to the Secretary of the Navy, Paul Nitze by the administration of President Lyndon B. Johnson. She was promoted to the rank of Warrant Officer by the recommendation of the Secretary of the Navy.


Gary Ray Bowles

Gary Ray Bowles (January 25, 1962 – August 22, 2019) was an American serial killer. He was sentenced to death for the murder of six men in 1994. He was born in Clifton Forge, Virginia. He was convicted of sexual assault, armed robbery and murder.

Bowles was executed by lethal injection on August 22, 2019 at Florida State Prison in Bradford County, aged 57.

Graham Freudenberg

Norman Graham Freudenberg AM ( 12 May 1934 – 26 July 2019) was an Australian author and political speechwriter. He worked with the Australian Labor Party for over forty years. He was born in Brisbane, Queensland. 

Freudenberg wrote over a thousand speeches for several leaders of the Australian Labor Party at both the New South Wales state and federal level. Senior Labor Party leaders for whom he prepared speeches included Arthur Calwell, Gough Whitlam, Neville Wran, Bob Hawke, Barrie Unsworth, Bob Carr and Simon Crean.

On 26 July 2019, it was announced that Freudenberg had died after a long-illness, aged 85.

725 West Randolph

725 W. Randolph Street is proposed skyscraper in Chicago. It is designed by architectural firm Roger Ferris + Partners with architect of record Perkins Eastman . 

As proposed, the building will have residences and an Equinox-brand hotel. It is one of two buildings under development in the West Loop. The Chicago Plan Commission approved the building in 2018, and related plans to break ground in 2019.

One Chicago Square

One Chicago (formerly One Chicago Square) is a skyscraper in the River North neighborhood of Chicago. The building would have two towers connected by a central podium. When completed, the taller of the two towers would be the sixth-tallest structure in Chicago. 

The development has been approved by the Chicago Plan Commission for its zoning change and will have up to 869 residential units, both apartments and condominiums.

400 Lake Shore Drive

400 Lake Shore Drive is a proposed set of connected towers to be built in Chicago, Illinois. Related Midwest is developing the project, and the firm Skidmore, Owings, and Merrill designed the buildings. It is scheduled to be completed by 2023.

Tribune East Tower

Tribune Tower East is a proposed mixed use tower on the eastern edge of the Tribune Tower property in the Streeterville area of the Near North Side community areas of Chicago. If completed, the skyscraper would become the second-tallest in Chicago. 

Plans were officially announced for a tall 200-unit hotel, 439-apartment and 125-condominium building on April 16, 2018. These plans make the building shorter than the Willis Tower, the city's tallest.

On mid-October 2018, the Chicago Plan Commission approved the plans for the city's second tallest building. Chicago City Council approved the plans in an October 31 meeting.

Conchata Ferrell

Conchata Galen Ferrell (March 28, 1943 – October 12, 2020) was an American actress. She was best known for playing Berta the housekeeper for all twelve seasons of the sitcom "Two and a Half Men". For her role, she received two Primetime Emmy Award nominations (in 2005 and 2007).

Ferrell was born in Loudendale, West Virginia. She died on October 12, 2020 after a cardiac arrest at her home in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles at the age of 77.

Loudendale, West Virginia

Loudendale is an unincorporated community in Kanawha County, West Virginia.

Kanawha County, West Virginia

Kanawha County ( or ) is a county in the U.S. state of West Virginia. As of the 2020 census, the population was 180,745. It is West Virginia's most populous county. Its county seat is Charleston, the state capital.

Óscar Enrique Sánchez

Oscar Enrique Sánchez Rivas (15 July 1955 – 25 July 2019) popularly known as "El Conejo" (the rabbit) was a Guatemalan football coach and inside forward. He played the for the club CSD Comunicaciones, and represented the Guatemala national football team at the Olympic Games and in three FIFA World Cup qualification processes.

Kyoto Animation arson attack

The happened at Kyoto Animation's Studio 1 building for anime in the Fushimi-ku ward of Kyoto, Japan, on the morning of 18 July 2019.

The arson killed at least 36 people, injured 34, and destroyed all materials and computers in Studio 1. It is one of the deadliest killings in Japanese history since the end of World War II and the deadliest building fire in Japan since the Myojo 56 building fire in 2001.

Many heads of state have expressed condolences, including António Guterres, General Secretary of the United Nations. And many donations and massages have send to victims of the arson attack.

On 25 January 2024, the man who has practiced the arson attack is sentence to death for the killings 

John Nott

Sir John William Frederic Nott (born 1 February 1932) is a former British Conservative Party politician. He was well known in the late 1970s and early 1980s. He was Secretary of State for Defence during the Argentine invasion of the Falkland Islands and the Falklands War in the Margaret Thatcher cabinet.

Tom King, Baron King of Bridgwater

Thomas Jeremy King, Baron King of Bridgwater, (born 13 June 1933) is a British politician. He is a member of the Conservative Party. 

King was in the Cabinet from 1983–92, and was the Member of Parliament (MP) for the constituency of Bridgwater in Somerset from 1970–2001. He was made a life peer in 2001.

In October 1988, there was a plot to murder King at his home in Winchester during the growing intensity of The Troubles.

Punggol

Punggol (in , in ), which can also be spelt as Ponggol, is a planning area and town. It was built on the Tanjong Pungool peninsula in the North-Eastern part of Singapore. It is North of Sengkang and has a riverline border with Seletar and Pasir Ris. The Straits of Johor is North of it. Coney Island is part of Pungool.

William Henry Thornton

The Reverend W. H. Thornton (1830-1916) became the first vicar of the parish of Exmoor, Somerset, England in 1856. Exmoor was 18,810 acres and had not had a spiritual leader because the population was too small. By 1856, the population had expanded to give the area parish status. 

William Henry Thornton was born, 9th March 1830. His father was head of the tax department Somerset house and they lived in Clapham Common, London. He was educated at Rugby school. In 1847, following a cross country run to the village of Newbold, the seventeen year old Thornton bought some unripe greengages from a street seller and contracted what is believed to be cholera. He was seriously ill for a time, and, upon recovery was found to be “rather delicate”. He went to a friend in Allerford village in the Selworthy district of the Porlock valley, Somersetshire, to convalesce. and build up his strength. His life included hunting, fishing, shooting and riding (at which he would cover prodigious distances for the rest of his life). He developed a lifelong love for the Porlock Valley, which he called “The happy valley and the fairest and choicest little district which exists on the face of the earth”. It was here that he first met Sir Thomas Acland (11th Baronet), from the Holnicote Estate (now owned by the National Trust). He had access to the extensive lands and guns on the estate. He also became a frequent visitor to a house known as Glenthorn, 10 miles away in Countisbury, where he made the acquaintance, and later, friendship of the Knight family from Simonsbath, on Exmoor. It was at this time, also, that he made the acquaintance of John “Jack” Russell, the sporting parson, from Swimbridge, Devon, and they remained in touch until Russell’s death in 1883. Thornton left the Porlock Valley in 1849 and matriculated to Trinity College Cambridge on 24th January. He entered as a "pensioner" (that is a student without emolument). This meant that he was only able to take an ordinary degree (BA) which he gained in 1853. He was awarded an MA from the same college in 1859. 

He left the college in February 1853 although he remained in lodgings in the city. He studied here, for the voluntary theological examination, which he passed in the October. He was ordained at Exeter cathedral in December 1853. He was offered the curacy of Lynton, Devon. During this time he established an effective school at Countisbury, and taught there himself most mornings. He resigned the curacy after 2 years. 

The population of Simonsbath had expanded due to mining in the area to become the parish of Exmoor. His friend Mr. Knight offered him the living at the newly built church and vicarage in the village. So, in 1856, he became the first vicar of Exmoor.

In 1857 he married Grace Anna Furnival (1826 – 1916). They went on to have 8 daughters. 2 of them died in infancy and the firstborn is buried in the churchyard at Simonsbath.

Two years into his incumbency on Exmoor the murder of Anna Maria Burgess, aged 6, took place. She died at the hand of her father, William Burgess, who gave out the story that Anna had gone to live with her grandmother in Porlock Weir. Thornton checked with the grandmother, who confirmed that she had not seen the child. Without a body Thornton could prove nothing but Burgess fled. Thornton personally rode into Wales, where he had tracked him down. He brought him back, and had him held in Exford whilst he awaited permission from the authorities to drain the flooded, and defunct, Wheal Eliza mine, a mile and a half along the Barle Valley from Simonsbath village. Local rumour had it that lights had been seen over the mineshaft and sheep-stealers had found an empty grave upon the moor. It took until the October for permission to be granted to pump the shaft and, in the November, a local young man volunteered to be lowered down it. 360 feet down he found a bundle and, when it was recovered to the surface, Thornton unwrapped it to discover the remains of the child. Burgess was tried at Taunton Assizes, found guilty of the murder, and sentenced to hang. Thornton was his parish priest, and was conscious of his responsibility in that regard, so he visited Burgess in prison and heard his confession. Burgess then also confessed to being responsible for an arson attack at a local farm some years previously. This had resulted in three deaths. Thornton visited the other two Burgess children, working in service and told them of their sister’s death at the hands of their father. He tried to persuade them to see Burgess, but they refused. Burgess shook his hand before he died. 

The remoteness of Simonsbath in mid-Victorian times proved a worry to Grace Thornton, with young daughters, as the nearest medical man was 11 miles away in South Molton, so, in 1860 the family moved south into Devon to take up the living at Dunsford.

He liked the church there very much but they both missed the moorland people and the bracing moorland air. In 1866, having left a second baby girl buried in Dunsford churchyard, they removed to the parish of North Bovey on Dartmoor, Devon, England.

They remained in North Bovey for 50 years. Thornton went on to become Rural dean in 1870, and also held services in other Dartmoor churches, including an open-air one at Postbridge. In 1867 he chased a fraudster (a trustee of the church) to Paris, France, leaving North Bovey on the Tuesday morning. He took a night boat to Boulogne from London and arrived back at the London solicitor’s office on the Thursday morning with the recovered £40,000 in his pocket, and made it home to North Bovey in time for dinner the same evening.

Thornton created his memoirs over a number of years and published 2 volumes privately. "Reminiscences of an Old West Country Clergyman" volumes 1 and 2 were leather bound hardback books. An edited version of the both was published in paperback in 2010.

He died a few months before Grace in 1916; he died on the 31st of March and she in the December. They are both buried in North Bovey churchyard.


Yankee

The term "Yankee" (sometimes shortened to "Yank") have many different meanings. All refer to people from the United States. Outside the United States, "Yank" is used to refer to any American, including Southerners. Within the Southern United States, "Yankee" is a name which refers to all Northerners, or specifically to those from the region of New England, often in a mean way. The "Oxford English Dictionary" says that it is "a nickname for a person from New England, or, more widely, of the northern States generally." During the American Civil War, it was "used by the Confederates to the soldiers of the Federal army".

Elsewhere in the United States, it often refers to people from the Northeastern states, but especially those with New England cultural ties. This would include people who have colonial New England settler ancestors, wherever they live.


Plymouth Congregational Church (Lawrence, Kansas)

Plymouth Congregational Church of Lawrence, Kansas is church that was created in 1854, months after the Territory of Kansas was opened to settlement. The present-day church building was built in 1870, and it is on the National Register of Historic Places.

The architect was John G. Haskell. He designed the Kansas State Capitol.

The Territory of Kansas was opened to settlement by the Kansas–Nebraska Act on May 30, 1854. Reverend Samuel Y. Lum of Middletown, New York was sent by the American Home Missionary Society to create a church in the Kansas Territory. This would become the first church in the entire territory. Before he came, sermons were given by laymen. The first service of Plymouth Congregational Church was held by Lum on October 1, 1854 in a mudbrick boarding house. Settlers who had come from New England came to the service.

Reverend Richard Cordley became a pastor in 1857. This was when the people moved into its first permanent building, called the "Stone Church." Though the building was not completed until 1862. Cordley was an abolitionist and was a free-stater. During the American Civil War, some members were killed by pro-Confederate soldiers in the Lawrence Massacre of 1863. Cordley's home was burned, but the church building was not hurt.

The present-day building, also called "The Brick Church," was designed by architect John G. Haskell. Haskell also worked on other churches, schools, and the Kansas State Courthouse. Construction started in 1868. It was finished in May 1870. it costed $45,000. The windows were made in England. Services have been held regularly in the building since 1870.

The building was added to the National Register of Historic Places on September 2, 2009. The building's architectural style is described as a Victorian-era church building with Gothic and Romanesque Revival characteristics.



Achille, Oklahoma

Achille is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. As of the 2020 census, the town population was 398.

Disney, Oklahoma

Disney is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Barber County, Kansas

Barber County (county code BA) is a county in the south-central part of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 4,228 people lived there. The county seat is Medicine Lodge. Medicine Lodge is also the biggest city in Barber County. Barber County was named after Thomas W. Barber (born 22 February 1814), an abolitionist martyr who was killed in Douglas County on 6 December 1855, during the Wakarusa War.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

This county has generally voted Republican in recent elections. The last time a democratic candidate has carried this county was in 1964.





Adair, Oklahoma

Adair is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Addington, Oklahoma

Addington is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Agra, Oklahoma

Agra is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Albion, Oklahoma

Albion is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Alderson, Oklahoma

Alderson is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Alex, Oklahoma

Alex is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bourbon County, Kansas

Bourbon County (county code BB) is a county in Southeast Kansas. In 2020, 14,360 people lived there. Its county seat is Fort Scott. Fort Scott is also the biggest city in Bourbon County.

In 1855, Bourbon County was founded.

Bourbon virus is a new strain of thogotovirus. It was first found in Bourbon County. In spring 2014, an otherwise healthy man was bitten by a tick. The man got the virus. He died 11 days later from organ failure.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.6%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

Bourbon County is a strongly Republican county. Only six presidential elections from 1888 to the present have resulted in Republicans failing to win the county, with the last of these being in 1964.





Allen, Oklahoma

Allen is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Amber, Oklahoma

Amber is a town in the state of Oklahoma in the United States.

Decatur County, Kansas

Decatur County (county code DC) is a county in Northwest Kansas. In 2020, 2,764 people lived there. Its county seat is Oberlin. Oberlin is also the biggest city in Decatur County. The county is named after Commodore Stephen Decatur, Jr.

Decatur County was created on March 20, 1873 and organized on December 15, 1879. It is named after the Navy war hero Commodore Stephen Decatur, Jr.. He served during the First Barbary War and the Second Barbary War and the War of 1812.

Oberlin was where the last Native American (specifically the Northern Cheyenne) Raid in Kansas happened.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.07%) is water.

Decatur county is very Republican. The last time a democratic candidate won the county was in 1936 by Franklin D. Roosevelt.





Ames, Oklahoma

Ames is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Cleo Springs, Oklahoma

Cleo Springs is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Chêne-Bourg

Chêne-Bourg is a municipality in the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Jewell County, Kansas

Jewell County (county code JW) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,932 people lived there. Its county seat is Mankato. Mankato is also the biggest city in Jewell County.

In 1887, Jewell County was created. It was named after Lieutenant Colonel Lewis R. Jewell of the 6th Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry.

In 1887, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad from Neva (3 miles west of Strong City) to Superior, Nebraska. This railroad connected Strong City, Neva, Rockland, Diamond Springs, Burdick, Lost Springs, Jacobs, Hope, Navarre, Enterprise, Abilene, Talmage, Manchester, Longford, Oak Hill, Miltonvale, Aurora, Huscher, Concordia, Kackley, Courtland, Webber, Superior.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.5%) is water.





Scott County, Kansas

Scott County (standard abbreviation: SC) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,151 people lived there. Its county seat is Scott City. Scott City is the only city in the county.

In 1873, Scott County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.02%) is water.

Before 1940, Scott County was a swing county. They voted for the national winner in every presidential election from 1904 to 1936. After 1940, it has become one of the most Republican counties in the entire nation. Each of the last six presidential elections have resulted in the Republican candidate winning over 70 percent of the county's vote.


The Scott County Public Library is at 110 West 8th in Scott City. The Scott County Library was the first free county public library in the state of Kansas. It was created in 1923.




Seward County, Kansas

Seward County (standard abbreviation: SW) is a county of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 21,964 people lived there. The county seat is Liberal. Liberal is also the biggest city in Seward County. The county was created on March 20, 1873. It was named after William Henry Seward.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water. It borders Oklahoma to the south.

The Liberal, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Seward County.

Seward County has voted Republican since 1940. The last time Seward County voted for a Democratic candidate for President was Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936. In the Kansas Senate it is currently represented by Republican Garrett Love. In the Kansas House of Representatives it is represented by Republicans Bill Light and Carl Holmes.






Sumner County, Kansas

Sumner County (standard abbreviation: SU) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 22,382 people lived there. Its county seat is Wellington.

On February 26, 1867, Sumner County was created from parts of Marion County and Butler County. It was named after Charles Sumner, a U.S. Senator from Massachusetts (1811–74), who was wanted Kansas to be a free state.

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a north-south railroad from Herington to Caldwell. This railroad connected Herington, Lost Springs, Lincolnville, Antelope, Marion, Aulne, Peabody, Elbing, Whitewater, Furley, Kechi, Wichita, Peck, Corbin, Wellington, Caldwell. By 1893, this railroad was slowly built to Fort Worth, Texas. This line is called the "OKT".

In December 2011, the Kansas Star Casino opened about west of the center of Mulvane.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.3%) is water.

Sumner County is part of the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area

Sumner County often votes for the Republican Party in Presidential elections. However, in 1992 George H.W Bush won the county by less than two percent. The last time they have voted for a Democratic candidate was in 1976 for Jimmy Carter.



Reno County, Kansas

Reno County (standard abbreviation: RN) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 61,898 people lived there. The county seat is Hutchinson. Hutchinson is also the biggest city in Reno County.

In 1867, Reno County was created.

In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a railroad from Herington to Pratt. This railroad connected Herington, Ramona, Tampa, Durham, Waldeck, Canton, Galva, McPherson, Groveland, Inman, Medora, Hutchinson, Whiteside, Partridge, Arlington, Langdon, Turon, Preston, Natrona, Pratt. In 1888, this main line was extended to Liberal. Later, this railroad was extended to Tucumcari, New Mexico and El Paso, Texas. This railroad is called the "Golden State Limited".

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.3%) is water. It is the third-biggest county by area in Kansas.

The Hutchinson Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Reno County.

Russell county is almost always Republican. The last time a democratic candidate won the county was in 1976 by Jimmy Carter.




Miami County, Kansas

Miami County (county code MI) is a county in east-central Kansas. In 2020, 34,191 people lived there. Its county seat is Paola. Paola is also the biggest city in Miami County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (2.5%) is water.

Miami County is included in the Kansas City, MO-KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.





Republic County, Kansas

Republic County (standard abbreviation: RP) is a county in the state of Kansas. It is south from the Nebraska border. In 2020 census, 4,674 people lived there. The county seat is Belleville. Belleville is also the biggest city in Republic County.

Indian tribes lived in the area before white settlers came. The tribes included the Pawnee, Iowa, and Otoe.

In 1860, Republic County was created by the Kansas legislature. The county is named after the Republican River.

Daniel and Conrad Myers were the first white settlers. They arrived in February 1861. By 1868, Republic County was holding elections.

After the Civil War and during the 19th century, a lot of European immigrants (mostly from Sweden and the Czech Republic) came to Belleville and the area around it.

In 1887, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad from Neva (3 miles west of Strong City) to Superior, Nebraska. This railroad connected Strong City, Neva, Rockland, Diamond Springs, Burdick, Lost Springs, Jacobs, Hope, Navarre, Enterprise, Abilene, Talmage, Manchester, Longford, Oak Hill, Miltonvale, Aurora, Huscher, Concordia, Kackley, Courtland, Webber, Superior. This railroad was called "Strong City and Superior line". Later the name was shortened to the "Strong City line".

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, (or 99.45%) is land and (or 0.55%) is water.

Republic County is very Republican. No Democratic presidential candidate has won the county except for Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932 and Woodrow Wilson in 1912 and 1916. Since 1996, the Republican candidate has won seventy percent of the county’s vote.




McGurk's Bar bombing

On 4 December 1971, the Ulster Volunteer Force placed a bomb at the entrance to a pub in New Lodge, Belfast, Northern Ireland, United Kingdom. It exploded, killing 15 people, injuring 17 others and destroying the building.

Fort Rouge (fortification)

Fort Rouge is the former name of the city of Winnipeg in Manitoba, Canada. Its exact location is unknown. Its name in English means "red fort".

Rice County, Kansas

Rice County (standard abbreviation: RC) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 9,427 people lived there. The county seat is Lyons. Lyons is also the biggest city in Rice County. The county was named after Samuel Allen Rice, Brigadier-General, United States volunteers, killed April 30, 1864, at Jenkins Ferry, Arkansas.

In 1867, Rice County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water.





Pratt County, Kansas

Pratt County (standard abbreviation: PR) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 9,157 people lived there. The county seat is Pratt. Pratt is also the biggest city in Pratt County.

In 1867, Pratt County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.09%) is water.





Rawlins County, Kansas

Rawlins County (standard abbreviation: RA) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,561 people lived there. The county seat is Atwood. Atwood is also the biggest city in Rawlins County. It was named after Union Civil War General John Aaron Rawlins.

In 1873, Rawlins County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.1%) is water.


The county is part of the very Republican Kansas's 1st congressional district. It has voted for the Republican candidate for President in each of the last eighteen elections. The last Democrat to win the county was Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936. In the last five Presidential elections the Democratic candidate has never won more than 21% of the county's vote.





Meade County, Kansas

Meade County (standard abbreviation: ME) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 4,055 people lived there. The county seat is Meade. Meade is also the biggest city in Meade County. The county was created in 1873. It was named after General George G. Meade.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.1%) is water.

Meade County is often won by Republican Candidates. The last time a democratic candidate has won this county was in 1936 by Franklin D. Roosevelt.





Mitchell County, Kansas

Mitchell County (standard abbreviation: MC) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,796 people lived there. The county seat is Beloit. Beloit is also the biggest city in Mitchell County.

In 1867, Mitchell County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (2.4%) is water.

Before 1940, Mitchell County was a swing county. They voted for the national winner in every presidential election from 1900 to 1936. Since 1940, it has become very Republican. Only George H. W. Bush in 1992 failed win a majority in the county due to Ross Perot's strong showing in Kansas.







Russell County, Kansas

Russell County (standard abbreviation: RS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 6,691 people lived there. The county seat is Russell. Russell is also the biggest city in Russell County.

In 1867, Russell County was established.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.5%) is water.




Rush County, Kansas

Rush County (standard abbreviation: RH) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,956 people lived there. The county seat is La Crosse. La Crosse is also the biggest city in Rush County.

In 1867, Rush County was created. Rush County was organized on December 5, 1874. La Crosse and Rush Center competed to become the county seat. This lasted 10 years until La Crosse finally became the county seat.

The first county fair was held in 1910 south of Rush Center.

In 2015, the "Alexander Wind Farm" was built south of Alexander. It cost about $85 million. It generates 48 megawatts of power.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.03%) is water.

Walnut Creek, a tributary of the Arkansas River, goes through the county. Other streams help provide it water.

Rush County is very Republican.




Ruanruan

Ruanruan (; also called Rouran) is an extinct language of Mongolia and northern China. It was spoken in the Rouran Khaganate from the 4th to the 6th centuries CE.

Most linguists argue it is likely a Mongolic or Turkic language but some say Ruanruan may be a Yeniseian language. 

In 2018, "Brāhmī Bugut" and "Khüis Tolgoi" inscriptions suggest that the Ruanruan language was a Mongolic language, close to Middle Mongolian.

Phillips County, Kansas

Phillips County (standard abbreviation: PL) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 4,981 people lived there. The county seat is Phillipsburg. Phillipsburg is also the biggest city in Phillips County.

In 1867, Phillips County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.0%) is water.

Phillips County is very Republican. No Democratic Presidential candidate has won Phillips County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932.




Pawnee County, Kansas

Pawnee County (standard abbreviation: PN) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 6,253 people lived there. The county seat is Larned. Larned is also the biggest city in Pawnee County.

The county is named after the Pawnee Tribe.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.05%) is water.

Pawnee County has been mostly Republican for its history. However, there have been multiple time where it was considered a swing county. This means backing the national winner in all presidential elections from 1904 to 1936 as well as 1964 to 1988. It has moved away from bellwether status since 1988.





Chautauqua County, Kansas

Chautauqua County (county code CQ) is a county in Southeast Kansas. In 2020, 3,379 people lived there. Its county seat is Sedan. Sedan is also the biggest city in Chautauqua County. Chautauqua County is named after Chautauqua County, New York, where Edward Jaquins was born. Jaquins was a Kansas politician who was important in getting the county created.

Chautauqua County was created by an act of the Kansas legislature on June 1, 1875. They divided Howard County into Elk County (the northern half) and Chautauqua County (the southern half). At the time of its creation, about 7,400 people lived there.

The first white settlers in the area that became Chautauqua County came in July 1868.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.9%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

Chautauqua is a very Republican county. The only Republican to ever lose the county has been Herbert Hoover in 1932. Other than the never-Democratic, historically Yankee Doniphan County, Chautauqua County was the only Kansas county to give incumbent President William Howard Taft a plurality in 1912. The last Democrat to win thirty percent of the county’s vote was Michael Dukakis in 1988. In 2016 Hillary Clinton won only thirteen percent.





Chase County, Kansas

Chase County (county code CS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,572 people lived there. Its county seat is Cottonwood Falls. Cottonwood Falls is also the biggest city in Chase County. The center of population of Kansas is in Chase County, about four miles north of Strong City.

In 1859, Chase County was created in the Kansas Territory.

In 1871, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad from Emporia to Newton. In 1887, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad from Neva (3 miles west of Strong City) to Superior, Nebraska. This railroad connected Strong City, Neva, Rockland, Diamond Springs, Burdick, Lost Springs, Jacobs, Hope, Navarre, Enterprise, Abilene, Talmage, Manchester, Longford, Oak Hill, Miltonvale, Aurora, Huscher, Concordia, Kackley, Courtland, Webber, Superior.

The south-western border one mile "notch" into Marion County was created under strange circumstances. There was a murder. Marion County didn't want to have the trial, so a section one mile wide and eighteen miles long was given to Chase County. This was to make it so that the murder had happened there. The one mile strip of land is still part of Chase County.


The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.6%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau






Cheyenne County, Kansas

Cheyenne County (county code CN) is a county in the northwest corner of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,616 people lived there. Its county seat is St. Francis. St. Francis is also the biggest city in Cheyenne County.

In 1873, Cheyenne County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.1%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

The county is in the Central Time zone, but is bordered by the Mountain Time Zone in three directions; it is the only county in the United States to be like this. Dundy County, Nebraska to the north, Yuma County, Colorado and Kit Carson County, Colorado to the west, and Sherman County to the south are all in the Mountain Time Zone. Because of this, Rawlins County is Cheyenne County's only neighbor to also practice Central Time.

Cheyenne County is very Republican. Only four Republican presidential candidates since 1888 have lost the county.





Heqin

Heqin means marriage alliance. The term is used in Chinese history. An emperor would marry one of his princesses to his enemy. In return they would have peace with the enemy. It did not always work, and many people hated it.

Rouran

The Rouran () ruled northern China during the Sixteen Kingdoms period.

They were either proto-Mongols or Turkic. They spoke the Ruanruan language, an Altaic or Sino–Tibetan language.

They descended from the Xianbei. The Rouran are the first to use the words "khan" or "khagan". The Rouran Khaganate existed between the 4-6 centuries. They were then overthrown by the Gokturks. This led to the rise of the Turkic peoples.

The Rouran may have fled west after that and become part of the Pannonian Avars. The Göktürks chased after these "Avars" into the Byzantine Empire.

The Rouran were nomads. They lived in the eastern Eurasian Steppe (Mongolia and northeast China). They overthrew the Xianbei. Most Xianbei moved south and lived in Northern China. Kwok Kin Poon argues the Rouran descended from the Donghu Xianbei.

The founder of the Rouran Khaganate was Yujiulu Shelun. He descended from slaves of the Xianbei. The Xianbei used the word rouran to mean "wriggling worms".

After the Xianbei moved south in the 3rd century, the Rouran took over and conquered a lot of land.

In 402 Shelun unified all of the Rouran. They defeated the neighboring Tiele and expanded to the Silk Roads. They then conquered and vassalized the Hephthalites (of Central Asia) until 5th century.

The Hepthalites then moved towards India and replaced the Yuezhi in Bactria. The Hephtalites borrowed much culture and language from the Rouran: including the word "Khan".

In 429, Northern Wei (where the Xianbei settled) attacked the Rouran and killed many.

In 434, the Rouran made a heqin with Northern Wei.

Between 440-460, the Northern Wei attacked and defeated the Rouran several times.

The Rouran made a heqin with the Han-Chinese ruler Gao Huan of Eastern Wei.

In 508, the Tiele defeated the Rouran.

In 516, the Rouran defeated the Tiele.

In 551, Bumin of the Ashina Göktürks () defeated the Tiele revolt for the Rouran. In return Bumin asked for a Rouran princess (heqin). Rouran refused, so Bumin declared independence.

Bumin made a heqin with the Western Wei (descend from Northern Wei). Bumin then attacked the Rouran in 552, killing Yujiulü Anagui. Bumin then conquered Otuken.

He declared himself Illig Khagan and started the Turkic Khaganate. He died soon Bumin but his son Issik Qaghan succeeded him. Issik continued attacking the Rouran but died a year later in 553. His brother Muqan Qaghan finished the job and annihilated the Rouran in 555.

Eurasian Steppe

The Eurasian Steppe (or Ya'ou Steppe; 亚欧草原) is a steppe ecoregion (a huge stretch of grasslands) in north Eurasia. It stretches from Eastern Europe, Russia, Kazakhstan, to Mongolia and north China. It is south of Siberia.

For most of history, nomads lived and wandered there on horseback. The horse may have came from the steppe, around Kazakhstan. With the horses the steppe was a highway that moved people from China to Europe. For this reason it became important for the Silk Road.

The steppe has been ruled by many empires. Examples are the Altaic people, Chinese, Slavic people, and Central Asians: including the Xiongnu, Scythians, Han dynasty, Xianbei, Sogdians, Turkic Khaganate, Khazars, Tang Dynasty, Mongol Empire, Russian Empire, and Qing dynasty.

Otuken

Ötüken was the capital of the Turkic Khaganate. Otugan was around Mongolia and Central Asia on the Khangan Plateau. Ötüken probably stretched "from the Khangai Range of Central Mongolia to the Sayan Mountains of Tuva [Siberia], at the centre of which is the Orkhon Valley". which for centuries was regarded as the seat of the imperial power of the steppes.

It was also an important place in Turkic mythology and Tengrism. Otukan means Mother Earth.

Chu River

The Chu (or Shu, from Chinese: "chǔ") is a river in northern Kyrgyzstan and southern Kazakhstan. It is 1067 km long and is one of the longest rivers in Central Asia, a landlocked region. They are the homeplace of the Dungan people, who moved there during the Qing dynasty.

Lake Balqash

Lake Balkhash (, ) is located in Kazakhstan. It is one of the largest lakes in Asia and 15th largest in the world ().

It belongs to a Central Asian endorheic basin shared by Kazakhstan, China, and Kyrgyzstan. Water moves from the basin to Balqash via seven rivers. The most important one is the Ili River. Water in the Ili River comes from melted snow from the mountains of China's Xinjiang.

The name of Lake Balkhash is the word balkaš, which in Turkic languages means “swampy area” (or marshland).

The first Europeans to receive information about the lake were William of Rubruk () and Pian del Carpine () in the 13th century.

In 1886, Russian researcher Ivan Mushketov () wrote the book “Turkestan”, in which he wrote all the known information about Lake Balkhash.

In 1903-1904, the Russian Geographical Society () explored the lake, the leader of the study was Lev Berg ().

Lake Balkhash is a large, closed, and slightly saline lake. It is located in the arid (dry) zone of Central Asia on
southeast of Kazakhstan.

Saryesik peninsula,
located in the middle of the lake divides it into two parts that are different from each other.

Its length is 605 km, its width varies from 9 to 19 km in the east
parts and up to 74 km - in the western.

The lake borders four
regions: Almaty Region, the southeastern part of
Karaganda Region, southwestern part of East Kazakhstan Region and
eastern - Zhambyl Region, as well as the northwestern part of the province
Xinjiang of China.

Climate

The climate in the lake area is semi-desert. The average temperature in July is about 24 °C (75.2 °F), in January about -8 °C. Precipitation averages 120 mm per year. Relative air humidity is 55-60%.

The average annual wind speed is about 4.5-4.8 meters per second. The surface water temperature ranges from 0 °C (32 °F) in December to 28 °C (82.4 °F) in July; at depth it changes little (temperature difference is no more than 3.3 °C). The lake freezes every year; the ice usually lasts from November to March-April.

North–South Corridor, Singapore

The North–South Corridor (NSC), at first known as the North–South Expressway, will be the 11th expressway of Singapore. It will serve extra traffic along the north-south corridor that is currently being served by the Central Expressway (CTE). It was announced on 30 January 2008. It was announced during a major review of Singapore's transport network by the Land Transport Authority (LTA). The expressway would cost about S$7–8 billion when to build. It is planned to be finished being built in 2026. It will connect the East Coast Parkway (ECP) with the northern parts of Singapore.

The NSC will have 16 entrances and 17 exits to connect towns along the north-south corridor. They are Woodlands, Sembawang, Yishun, Ang Mo Kio, Bishan and Toa Payoh. It will connect them with the city centre. The NSC will also connect with already-built expressways, like the Seletar Expressway (SLE), Pan-Island Expressway (PIE) and East Coast Parkway (ECP).

According to the Land Transport Authority, the bus lanes along the NSC will reduce bus travelling times from Woodlands, Sembawang, Yishun and Ang Mo Kio to the city by up to 30 minutes. It is done through morning and evening peak express bus services. It can speed up bus routes between towns along the NSC faster by allowing buses to use the ramps and bus lanes in it. A cycling path along the entire length of the highway will link up Park Connector Networks and cycling path networks within HDB towns along the entire road to the city centre.

At first, it was supposed to be built by 2023. Because of construction delays, it now can only be built by 2026.

On 19 January 2011, the government allowed the expressway to be built. It was to be built between the roads Admiralty Road West and Toa Payoh Rise. On 15 November 2011, the Land Transport Authority (LTA) revealed the whole route of the North-South Corridor. 

It was first planned to be an expressway for vehicles to be built by 2020. However, the corridor will now be built as Singapore's first "integrated transport corridor". It will have bus routes and cycling path along the entire expressway. Its construction was supposed to start in 2017, and it was supposed to be finally built by 2023. However, the first contract was only given in November 2017, with construction work starting in early 2018. 

Now, it is planned to be finished by 2026.

The NSC will stat at Admiralty Road West in the North of Singapore. It would go south and pass by Woodlands and Sembawang. It would have a junction with the Seletar Expressway. It would then go through Toa Payoh. It would run parallel with the Central Expressway, and then join the East Coast Parkway in the city.

The LTA tried to use as much state land as possible. This makes sure that as few private properties are take as possible. Even though the expressway is underground in its Southern part, some land had to be taken. This is because there are MRT tunnels blocking its way. The Rochor Centre had to be demolished because of this. Some underpasses at Novena Square had to be demolished. The Ellison Building may also have to be demolished.

Expressways of Singapore

The expressways of Singapore are:

Pentium 4

Pentium 4 is a seventh generation single core Microprocessor of x86 architecture (32-bit), manufactured by Intel. Its first complete redesign CPU (called NetBurst) since the processor Pentium Pro, released in 1995. Compared to the Pentium II, Pentium III and Celeron processors, its architecture is little similar to the Pentium Pro/P6 processor design. The NetBurst microarchitecture contains a very deep instruction pipeline to be able to achieve very high frequencies. The Pentium 4 was known for being inefficient and producing a large amount of heat. Because of this, Intel introduced the Core 2 in 2006. Intel stopped making the Pentium 4 in 2008.

Lee-Enfield

The Lee-Enfield is a series of bolt-action rifles that was used by the British Armed Forces. It was the main British rifle for the first half of the 20th century, and was used until the end of the century.

While it was not as powerful as rifles used by other countries during both World War I and World War II, it was well-known for holding a lot of bullets and for having a very high rate of fire.

The Lee-Enfield can be loaded with two magazines of five British .303 bullets, allowing for the shooter to have up to ten bullets in the rifle at a time.

Even though bolt-action rifles tend to fire much more slowly than semi-automatic or fully automatic weapons, the Lee-Enfield can fire almost as fast as a semi-automatic rifle if the shooter is well-trained with the weapon. This is because the rifle's bolt needs very little movement to eject and load the rifle.

Mosin-Nagant

The Mosin-Nagant is a series of bolt-action rifles used by the Russian Empire and later the Soviet Union. It was their main rifle throughout the Russo-Japanese War, World War I and World War II. After World War II, it was replaced by the SKS rifle. It was also commonly used by the USSR's allies during the Cold War, and it is still used today by some smaller militaries. It is also popular with civilians due to its cheap price. It is the most produced bolt-action rifle of all-time. More than 37 million Mosin-Nagants were made.

It holds up five 7.62 x 54mmR bullets, which is still used by Russian machine guns and sniper rifles today.

It was the rifle used by Vasily Zaytsev, a Soviet World War II sniper and one of the deadliest snipers of all time.

7.62×54mmR

The 7.62×54mmR round is a bullet used for Russian guns. It is used for guns like the Mosin–Nagant rifle, the SVD rifle, and the PK machine gun.

Bai people

The Baizu (Bai language: 白和; ; literally: white people) are East Asian. They are one of the 56 ethnic groups of China. In 2010 their population was 1,933,510. They live mostly in Yunnan.

Tubo

Tubo (, Tibetan: བོད་ཆེན་པོ, bod chen po), also called the Tibetan Empire, existed from the 7th to 9th centuries. Its first king was Songtsen Gampo. Its second king was Mangsong Mangzan. It controlled the Tibetan Plateau as well as parts of Central Asia and South Asia. They came after the Zhangzhung people, who practiced the Bon religion. The Tibet empire imported Buddhism from China and India, combined it with the native Bon religion, and created Tibetan Buddhism. Gampo also helped invent the Tibetan alphabet during this time.

Bamar

The Bamar (Burmese: ဗမာလူမျိုး bama loo-myo), Burmese or Burmans are the largest ethnic group in Myanmar. The Bamar live around the Irrawaddy River. They speak the Burmese language, the official language of Myanmar.

The Burmese-speaking people first migrated from Yunnan, China to the Irrawaddy valley in the 7th century. Over the following centuries, the Burmese absorbed other groups like the Pyu. DNA tests show that the Bamar are East Eurasian, related to Southeast Asian and Northeast Asian people. But they also have "Indian influences".

The Bamar speak Burmese, a Sino-Tibetan language. So basic words are related to Chinese language and Tibetan language. Many words related to Buddhism are borrowed from Pali. The Burmese alphabet itself is based on Indian scripts.

Nanzhao

Nanzhao are a Sino-Tibetan kingdom that existed southern China and Southeast Asia during the 8th and 9th centuries. It was centered in Yunnan, China.

Most Nanzhao were Bai people. They spoke Nuosu ("Yi"), a Tibeto-Burman language related to Burmese. They descended from the Cuan clan. The Cuan migrated from Taiyuan to Yunnan during Zhuge Liang's Southern Campaign in 225. By the fourth century they controlled Yunnan.

In 593, they rebelled against the Sui dynasty. But in 602 the Sui destroyed the rebellion. The Cuan split into two groups: the Black and White Mywa.

The White Mywa tribes lived near lake Erhai. In 704 the Tubo made these kingdoms into vassals or tributaries.

In 737, the Tang dynasty helped unify the tribes and create a new kingdom called the Nanzhao (南诏 "Southern Zhao"). In 738 the capital was established in Taihe (south of Dali). It was in the Erhai valley; the mountains made it easy to defend; and there was a lot of farmland.

In 750 the Nanzhao attacked the Tang. In 751 Tang governor of Sichuan, Xianyu Zhongtong then attacked Nanzhao with an army of 80,000 soldiers. He was defeated by Duan Jianwei (段俭魏).

In 754, the Tang sent another 100,000 soldiers, led by General Li Mi (李宓), but never made it past Mu'ege. The Tubo then became friends with the Tubo. This alliance then ended in 794.

In 801 the Nanzhao and Tang defeated Tibetan and their slave Abbasid soldiers. Nanzhao then expanded into Myanmar and conquered Pyu city-states from 820-832.

In 829, the Nanzhao failed to attack Chengdu (Sichuan). In the 830s, they conquered Kunlun to the east and Nuwang to the south.

In 846, 859, 863, the Nanzhao attacked Annam (Vietnam, then part of the Tang). In 869, the Nanzhao again failed to capture Chengdu.

In 873, the Yang family of Shanxi kicked the Nanzhao were out of Sichuan. In 877 the Yang kicked them out of Guizhou. The Nanzhao retreated to Yunnan, and they slowly died. In 902, their chief minister murdered most of the royal family, including the heir apparent. In 937, Duan Siping seized power and created the Dali Kingdom.

They were Vajrayana Buddhists. Many people living in Yunnan still are.

They called it . Azhali is a bit different from Han Buddhist schools like Zen (Chan Buddhism). But it has Han, Tibetan, and Burmese influences. Nanzhao likely had strong religious connections with the (Myanmar), Tibet, and Bengal ().

It was started around 821-824 by an Indian monk from India called Candragupta (赞陀崛多, Zantuojueduo). More monks from India arrived in 825 and 828 and helped build a temple in .

The last king of Nanzhao made Buddhism the official religion.

Rosé (singer)

Roseanne Park is a New Zealand-born singer raised in Australia. She is based in South Korea and goes by the mononym Rosé. She is a member of Blackpink, which is the highest-charting female K-pop group. On March 12, 2021, she debuted as a solo artist with her single album "-R-", which received lots of positive feedback from listeners. 

Rosé was born in New Zealand on 11 February 1997. At the age of seven, she moved to Australia. In 2012, she passed a YG Entertainment audition at the age of 16. She later signed with YG Entertainment and moved to South Korea.


List of unused or defunct New York City Subway services

The Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) does not use some letters and numbers to identify routes on the New York City Subway.


The MTA privately (or internally) uses the number 0 and the letter H, to help their computers recognize the three separate shuttles. The three shuttles use the letter S on maps and posters, and this can confuse computers.


The MTA reserves the letters T and X to identify the services that they want to build or run in the future.




Trains of the R142, R143, R160, R179 and R188 types use digital displays, meaning that they can easily display any service number or letter.

G98 Mauser rifle

The G98 Mauser rifle is a bolt-action rifle used by Germany from 1898 until the end of World War I. It was the German military's main rifle during that time. In 1935, it was replaced by Kar98k, a carbine version of the G98.

It was not the first bolt-action rifle ever made, but its design is so well-liked by militaries worldwide that many bolt-action rifles copied its design. Some rifles based on the G98 that were made in other countries include the American M1903 Springfield rifle and the Japanese Type 38 and Type 99 Arisaka rifles. Even today, many bolt-action rifles still follow the G98's basic design.

The rifle held up to five 7.92 x 57mm Mauser rounds. It was also clip-fed, which means that the shooter can load many bullets at one time, rather than just one bullet at a time.

M1903 Springfield rifle

The M1903 Springfield rifle was a bolt-action rifle used by the Military of the United States during both World War I, World War II, the Korean War, and the early part of the Vietnam War.

The Springfield was based on the German G98 Mauser rifle. It holds up to five .30-06 Springfield bullets.

It was the US's main rifle during World War I. In 1936, it was replaced by the M1 Garand, a semi-automatic rifle. This was because semi-automatic rifles could fire bullets more quickly than bolt-action rifles. This was important because in World War I much of the fighting took place in trenches. In tight spaces like those in trench warfare, it is very important to be able to shoot quickly, and semi-automatic firearms do a better job at that than bolt-action rifles. However, it was still commonly used during World War II, and it became the main sniper rifle for the US. It was the main sniper rifle of the US until the early part of the Vietnam War.

.30-06 Springfield

The .30-06 Springfield cartridge, pronounced "thirty-aught-six", is a cartridge used for firearms made in the United States. It was first used for the M1903 Springfield rifle.

The ".30" means that the bullet is .30 inches (7.62 millimeters) in diameter, and the "06" means it was first used in the US military in the year 1906

The .30-06 is known for having high stopping power (meaning it does a lot of damage to a human or animal body), high penetration power (it can pierce through thick layers), and a long effective range (it is accurate for a long distance).

In the US military, it was the main bullet used for rifles and light machine guns for the first half of the 20th century. Guns that shot the .30-06 include the M1903 Springfield, the M1 Garand, the M1917, the M1919 Browning machine gun, and the BAR.

However, when the US created NATO, it replaced all the .30-06 military weapons with those that used the 7.62 x 51mm NATO bullet. This is because NATO requires the militaries of all its member countries to use the same kinds of ammunition.

However, there are still many American hunting and sporting rifles made today that fire the .30-06 because it is still very popular with hunters and competitive shooters.

Effective range

Effective range is the distance a well-aimed bullet can hit a target accurately. A bullet shot can actually travel far past its effective range, but it is not certain if it will hit its target then, even if the shot was well-aimed. Generally, bullets with a higher muzzle velocity will have a longer effective range.

Muzzle velocity

Muzzle velocity is the speed that a bullet travels as soon as it is fired. Bullets with higher muzzle velocities tend to have higher effective ranges.

Shirley Williams

Shirley Vivian Teresa Brittain Williams, Baroness Williams of Crosby, ("née" Catlin; 27 July 1930 – 12 April 2021) was a British politician. 

Williams was originally a Labour MP - first elected to the House of Commons in 1964 - but left to found the Social Democratic Party (later the Liberal Democrats) in 1981. She served in government through the 1960s and 70s, but was defeated as an MP in 1983. She was awarded a life peerage in 1993 and retired in 2016. She was made a Companion of Honour in 2017.

Williams was the daughter of the author Vera Brittain and Sir George Catlin. She died on 12 April 2021, aged 90.

Antonia Fraser

Lady Antonia Margaret Caroline Fraser (née Pakenham; born 27 August 1932) is a British historian and author. She is best known for history books, biographies and detective stories.

Lady Antonia was the daughter of the 7th Earl and Countess of Longford. She was married to Hugh Fraser from 1956 until their divorce in 1977. She was then married to the playwright Harold Pinter from 1980 until his death in 2008. She attended the University of Oxford. Her first major book - a biography of Mary, Queen of Scots was published in 1969.

She was awarded a damehood in 2011 and was made a Companion of Honour in 2018.

Evelyn Glennie

Dame Evelyn Elizabeth Ann Glennie (born 19 July 1965) is a Scottish musician specialising in percussion.

Glennie has been deaf since the age of 12. She uses vibrations of the instruments to play during performances.

She was awarded a damehood in 2007, and was made a Companion of Honour in 2017.

Her deafness was first discovered by her mother Isabel Glennie when Evelyn tries to play a piano at the age of 8.

Terajoule

The terajoule (TJ) is equal to one trillion (10) joules; or about 0.278 GWh (which is often used in energy tables). About 63 TJ of energy was released by the atomic bomb that exploded over Hiroshima. The International Space Station, with a mass of approximately 450 megagrams and orbital velocity of 7.7 km/s, has a kinetic energy of roughly 13 TJ. In 2017 Hurricane Irma was estimated to have a peak wind energy of 112 TJ.

Hipercor bombing

The Hipercor bombing was a car bombing by Basque separatist group ETA. It happened on 19 June 1987 at the Hipercor shopping centre on Avinguda Meridiana, Barcelona, Spain. It killed 21 people and injured another 45.

Mary Peters

Lady Mary Elizabeth Peters (born 6 July 1939) is a retired athlete and sportsperson from Northern Ireland. She won a gold medal at the 1972 Olympic Games for pentathlon, as well as three gold medals in the Commonwealth Games in shot put and pentathlon.

She founded the Mary Peters Trust which helps young people in Northern Ireland to take part in sport. She was also Lord Lieutenant of Belfast from 2009 to 2014.

She was made a dame in 2000, a Companion of Honour in 2015, and a Lady Companion of the Order of the Garter in 2019.

Kathleen Lonsdale

Dame Kathleen Lonsdale (née Yardley; 28 January 1903 – 1 April 1971) was a British pacifist, prison reformer and crystallographer. She got her degree from University College London in 1924, and was awarded a doctorate in 1934. She used X-ray diffraction to work out the structure of lots of chemicals, and used X-rays to study crystals.

Lonsdale was the first woman to be made a professor at University College London (1949), one of the first women to be made a Fellow of the Royal Society (1945), and was made a dame in 1956.

Tropical Storm Nari

Tropical Storm Nari was a Storm that devastated Japan. 

On the afternoon of July 23, a tropical disturbance was formed in the southern waters of Japan, and the US Naval Research Laboratory gave a disturbance number of 91W. Soon after, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center rated the system "low" and upgraded to "Medium" at 10 am.
At 5 am on July 24, the Japan Meteorological Agency upgraded it to a tropical depression. At 8 o'clock in the morning, the Japan Meteorological Agency issued a gale warning, and the Central Meteorological Bureau of Taiwan upgraded it to a tropical depression, giving the number 11. At 11 am, the Hong Kong Observatory upgraded it to a tropical depression. In the afternoon, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center upgraded the rating to “High” and issued a tropical cyclone warning.
At 10 am on July 25, the Joint Typhoon Warning Center upgraded it to a tropical depression, giving the tropical cyclone number 07W. At 9 pm, the combined typhoon warning center upgraded the system to a tropical storm.

At 8 am on July 26, the Hong Kong Observatory upgraded it to a tropical storm. At 9 o'clock in the morning, the Japan Meteorological Agency upgraded it to a tropical storm, giving the international number 1906 and named it "Nari." The Hong Kong Observatory downgraded Nari to a tropical depression at 2 am on July 27 and downgraded it to a low pressure zone at 2 pm. At 6 o'clock in the morning, Nari landed in the south of Mie Prefecture, Japan. At 3 pm, the Japan Meteorological Agency downgraded to a tropical depression. On the morning of July 28, Nari completely dissipated.

The city of Wakayama recorded rainfall of 47.5 millimeters in an hour through to 9:05 a.m. A maximum instantaneous wind speed of 25 meters per second was registered at the cape of Shionomisaki in Kushimoto, Wakayama Prefecture, at around 5:20 a.m.

The storm, which was downgraded to a tropical depression at around 3 p.m., was projected to travel across the Tokai central region before reaching the seas east of the Kanto region by Sunday morning.

The agency warned residents in the Tokai and Kanto-Koshinetsu regions to be on high alert for heavy rain. 

Heavy rain and gusty winds spread across central Honshu through Saturday. Localized downpours will also spread over eastern Shikoku. 

Leake County, Mississippi

Leake County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 21,275 people lived there. Its county seat is Carthage.

Simpson County, Mississippi

Simpson County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 25,949 people lived there. Its county seat is Mendenhall.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.2%) is water.







Amorita, Oklahoma

Amorita is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Apache, Oklahoma

Apache is a town in Caddo County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 1,034 at the 2020 census.

Arapaho, Oklahoma

Arapaho is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is the county seat of Custer County.

Congressional caucus

A congressional caucus is a group of members of the United States Congress. They meet to try to make common legislative goals. Caucuses are created as congressional member organizations (CMOs) through the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate. They are governed under the rules of these chambers. They are sometimes called conferences (especially Republican ones), coalitions, study groups, task forces, or working groups. Many other countries use the term parliamentary group. For example, the Parliament of the United Kingdom has many all-party parliamentary groups.

Nelson Muntz

Nelson Mandela Muntz is a fictional character in the animated television series The Simpsons. Nelson is a school bully. Nelson always laughs at other people. He first appeared in the episode, Bart the General, in which Bart Simpson convinces everyone to fight back against Nelson. Nelson repeatedly throws Bart into a trash can. He also is seen pushing people into lockers and torments other characters especially Milhouse Van Houten and more often minor character Martin Prince by giving them wedgies. In the episode Revenge is a Dish Best Served Three Times Over, in a story called The Revenge of the Geeks, Milhouse gets revenge against all the bullies using a weapon that causes them to experience everything they did to the nerds. Lisa Simpson convinces Milhouse to put down his weapon and Nelson shows up saying "you forgot about me because I had the mumps" and then uses Milhouse's weapon against Milhouse. In the episode Dial N for Nerder, Martin Prince is seemingly killed by Bart Simpson and Lisa Simpson who then cover up what happened and Nelson tries to get to the bottom of it. It is revealed in the show that when he was a young child Nelson's father left to get a pack of cigarettes and never came back. Nelson is poor. At one point Nelson dates Lisa Simpson.

Hendrix, Oklahoma

Hendrix is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Arkoma, Oklahoma

Arkoma is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Armstrong, Oklahoma

Armstrong is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Avant, Oklahoma

Avant is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is in Osage County.

Arnett, Oklahoma

Arnett is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is the county seat of Ellis County.

Ashland, Oklahoma

Ashland is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Mannford, Oklahoma

Mannford is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Atwood, Oklahoma

Atwood is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bearden, Oklahoma

Bearden is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bennington, Oklahoma

Bennington is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bernice, Oklahoma

Bernice is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bessie, Oklahoma

Bessie is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Bethel Acres, Oklahoma

Bethel Acres is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Big Cabin, Oklahoma

Big Cabin is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Billings, Oklahoma

Billings is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Binger, Oklahoma

Binger is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Carmen, Oklahoma

Carmen is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Blackburn, Oklahoma

Blackburn is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Blair, Oklahoma

Blair is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Fallis, Oklahoma

Fallis is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

As of the census of 2000, there were 28 people, 13 households, and 7 families living in the town. The population density was 81.2 people per square mile (31.8/km). There were 17 houses at an average density of 49.3 per square mile (19.3/km). The racial makeup of the town was 92.86% White and 7.14% African American.

Bradley, Oklahoma

Bradley is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is in Grady County.

Avengers: Infinity War

Avengers: Infinity War is a 2018 American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics superhero team the Avengers. The movie is produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the sequel to "The Avengers" (2012) and "" (2015) and the 19th movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). 

It was directed by Anthony and Joe Russo with the screenplay written by Christopher Markus and Stephen McFeely. The movie features a ensemble cast including Robert Downey Jr., Chris Hemsworth, Mark Ruffalo, Chris Evans, Scarlett Johansson, Benedict Cumberbatch, Don Cheadle, Tom Holland, Chadwick Boseman, Paul Bettany, Elizabeth Olsen, Anthony Mackie, Sebastian Stan, Danai Gurira, Letitia Wright, Dave Bautista, Zoe Saldaña, Josh Brolin, and Chris Pratt. 

It premiered in Los Angeles on April 23, 2018 and was released in the United States on April 27. It was positively welcomed by audiences, fans and film critics alike which praised its directing, story, humor, character dynamics, emotional weight, musical score, Thanos's representation, CGI and action scenes. A sequel was made for it, titled "", and was released on April 26, 2019.

The supervillain Thanos comes from a planet called Titan whose people are all dead because of overpopulation. To prevent the same thing from happening to other worlds, Thanos decides to kill half of all living beings on every planet in the entire Universe. To do that, Thanos tries to find six Infinity Stones and bring them together in a glove called an Infinity Gauntlet so that he can make anything he wants to happen with a snap of his fingers.

Thanos gets an Infinity Stone called the Power Stone by destroying the planet Xandar. He gets an Infinity Stone called the Space Stone by striking a deal with Loki in exchange for not killing Thor, killing Loki in the process, He steals the Reality Stone from the Collector; he gets the Soul Stone in exchange for killing his daughter Gamora. He strikes a deal with Dr. Strange to get the Time Stone in exchange for not killing Iron Man. 

Because Thor lost his hammer to his half-sister, he, Rocket and Groot go to a dying star to make a new weapon that will stop Thanos. Thor creates a new weapon called Stormbreaker. 

Thanos leads an alien invasion of Earth to get the Mind Stone from the robot superhero Vision by killing him. The Avengers, Spider-Man, Black Panther and the Guardians of the Galaxy (Rocket and Groot later help along with Thor who later joins) all work together to stop Thanos.

Thanos eventually steals the Mind Stone and snaps his fingers. He causes half of all living beings on every planet in the entire Universe to disappear from existence. 

There is a scene after the credits where Nick Fury successfully tries to signal someone (later revealed to be Carol Danvers/Captain Marvel) who can do something about it but he gets killed by Thanos's snap. 

Hank Stuever

Hank Stuever is an American journalist working for the Washington Post. He writes for its Style section about entertainment. 

Hank Stuever on Twitter.

Fortepiano

A fortepiano is an early piano. It normally means pianos from the 18th century to the early 19th century. The first fortepiano was invented by Bartolomeo Cristofori in Florence. The idea soon spread in Europe.

Dublin and Monaghan bombings

The Dublin and Monaghan bombings happened in Dublin and Monaghan, Republic of Ireland on 17 May 1974. The Ulster Volunteer Force used 3 car bombs in Dublin and another one in Monaghan to kill 33 people and injure nearly 300 others. The bombings were the deadliest attack in the Troubles. It was also the deadliest attack in the Republic of Ireland's history.



Jack Ü

Jack Ü is an American DJ duo, consisting of Mad Decent founder Diplo and Grammy award winning producer Skrillex, that formed in 2013.

Hexadecene

Hexadecene, also known as cetene, is an alkene containing 16 carbon atoms, with a molecular formula of CH. There are eight different structural isomers of hexadecene, depending on the location of the double carbon bond.

President of Gabon

This is a list of presidents of the African country of Gabon.



301 Deansgate

Beetham Tower (also known as the Hilton Tower) is a landmark 47-storey mixed use skyscraper in Manchester, England. Completed in 2006, it is named after its developers, the Beetham Organisation, and was designed by SimpsonHaugh and Partners. The development occupies a sliver of land at the top of Deansgate, hence its elongated plan, and was proposed in July 2003, with construction starting a year later.

At a height of , it is the tallest externally complete building in Manchester and tallest outside London in the United Kingdom. It was described by the "Financial Times" as "the UK's first proper skyscraper outside London". From 2006 to 2018, the skyscraper was the tallest building in Manchester and outside London in the United Kingdom. In November 2018 it was surpassed by the newly topped out South Tower at Deansgate Square; which is tall.

As a result of the elongated floor plan, the structure is one of the thinnest skyscrapers in the world with a height to width ratio of 10:1 on the east west façade, but is noticeably wider on the north south façade. A four-metre cantilever marks the transition between hotel and residential use on the north façade, and a blade structure on the south side of the building acts as a façade overrun accentuating its slim form and doubles as a lightning rod. The skyscraper is visible from ten English counties on a clear day.

Floors 1 to 22 are occupied by the 279-bedroom four-star Hilton Manchester Deansgate Hotel. The 23rd floor has a four-metre cantilevered overhang with two glass windows in its floor, overlooking the ground from the skybar, Cloud 23, the only such bar in Manchester. The floor has a bar and lounge operated by Hilton. Floors 25 to 47 are occupied by residential apartments.

The top floor penthouse offers views of Greater Manchester, the Cheshire Plain, the Pennines and Snowdonia. The tower is known for emitting a loud unintentional hum or howl in windy weather, believed to emanate from the glass 'blade' atop the building. The hum has been recorded as a B below middle C and can be heard over large parts of the local area.

Architectural response to the skyscraper is polarised and interpretations vary. Some questioned its dominant appearance over the city – particularly over listed buildings with one author going as far to say the skyscraper instantly ""torpedoed"" any possibility of Manchester becoming a UNESCO World Heritage City – a status Manchester was previously on the United Kingdom shortlist for due its industrial past.

Others feel its dramatic appearance and peculiarity is reflective of Manchester, and that the Beetham Tower symbolises Manchester's reinvention as a post-industrial city - particularly since the bombing of 1996. Nevertheless, it has received praise and was awarded the best tall building in the world in 2007 by the Council for Tall Buildings and Urban Habitat.

Blake Camp

Blake Camp (born October 11, 1983) is an American soccer player.

Camp played some youth soccer in England and has trained with several prestigious professional clubs, including Manchester United and Blackburn Rovers in England, Real Valladolid in Spain, and Palmeiras in Brazil. After starring at Clarke Central High School in Georgia, where he was a four-time all-area performer, he played college soccer at Duke University. He became a regular starter and an all-ACC performer as a sophomore in 2003, then again in 2004 and 2005. In 2004, he was named to the NCAA Final Four All Tournament team. Camp was named to the Herman Trophy watch list in 2004 and 2005 and earned all-America honors as a junior and senior, finishing his collegiate career with 24 goals and the ACC Tournament MVP award as a senior.

E-book reader

An e-reader, also called an e-book reader or e-book device, is a that is designed primarily for the purpose of reading digital and .

Any device that can display text on a screen may act as an e-reader, but specialized e-reader devices may optimize portability, readability (especially in sunlight), and battery life for this purpose. Their main advantages over printed books are portability since an e-reader is capable of holding thousands of books while weighing less than one and the convenience provided due to add-on features in these devices.

Zhongli District

Zhongli District () is a in Taoyuan City, Taiwan. Zhongli is spelled variously as "Jungli, Jongli, Jhongli" or "Chungli" on railway, bus stop and road signs. Historically, the city is the site of the of 1977, the most significant event of the democratization movement prior to the 1980s. Ethnically, it is considered a kind of capital city for the , who live in great numbers here and nearby; a lot of the elderly could speak in addition to and . Recently many foreign workers (mainly from the and Thailand) have also settled in and around the city because of the heavy industries in the suburbs of the city. It is a center for foreign laborers. The city of Zhongli has 3 large parks and over 70 green reserves in the city for residents of Zhongli to enjoy.

Acastus

Acastus (; : Ἄκαστος) is a character in . He sailed with and the , and participated in the hunt for the .

Acastus was the son of , then king of , and (Philomache in some traditions). Acastus with his wife (also called , daughter of ) had two daughters: Sterope (Στερόπη) and , and a number of sons. Another daughter, (Σθενέλη), was given by the "" as the wife of and mother of .

After the return of the Argonauts, Acastus's sisters were manipulated by to cut their father Pelias in pieces and boil them. Acastus, when he heard this, buried his father, and drove Jason and Medea from Iolcus (and, according to , his sisters also), and instituted funeral games in honor of his father. He thereafter became king of Iolcus.

Acastus purified of the murder of of . Acastus's wife (variously named in mythology; often , but sometimes Hippolyte, daughter of ) fell in love with Peleus but he scorned her. Bitter, she sent a messenger to , Peleus's wife and daughter of Eurytion, to tell her that Peleus was to marry Acastus's daughter, .

Astydamia then told Acastus that Peleus had tried to rape her. Acastus took Peleus on a hunting trip and hid his sword while he slept, then abandoned him on to be killed by . The wise centaur (or the god ) returned Peleus' sword and Peleus managed to escape. With and the , Peleus sacked Iolcus, dismembered (and, in some accounts, Acastus himself), and marched his army between the pieces. Their kingdom later fell to Jason's son .

Presidential Commission of Uganda

The Presidential Commission of Uganda held the office of President of Uganda between 22 May and 15 December 1980. It was made up of the following:



Enniskillen bombing

The Enniskillen bombing took place on 8 November 1987 in Enniskillen, County Fermanagh, Northern Ireland. A Provisional Irish Republican Army bomb exploded near the town's centotaph during a Remembrance Sunday ceremony. The ceremony was commemorating members of the British Armed Forces who had been killed in wars. 

Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway

The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway (often referred to as the Santa Fe or AT&SF) was a large railroad in the United States. Created in February 1859, the railroad reached the Kansas-Colorado border in 1873 and Pueblo, Colorado, in 1876. To create a demand for its services, the railroad set up real estate offices and sold farm land. Despite the name, its main railroad never served Santa Fe, New Mexico. This was because the terrain was too rough. A branch line from Lamy reached Santa Fe instead.

The railroad officially ended on December 31, 1996, when it merged with the Burlington Northern Railroad to form the Burlington Northern and Santa Fe Railway.

The Atchison, Topeka & Santa Fe Railway (AT&SF) was created on February 11, 1859, to join Atchison and Topeka, Kansas, with Santa Fe, New Mexico. In its early years, the railroad helped people settle in Kansas. A lot of its revenue came from wheat grown there and from cattle driven north from Texas to Wichita and Dodge City by September 1872.

AT&SF reached Albuquerque in 1880. Santa Fe (the original goal of the railroad) was on a short branch from Lamy, New Mexico.

On September 22, 1995, AT&SF merged with Burlington Northern Railroad to form the Burlington Northern & Santa Fe Railway (BNSF). The two lines kept separate operations until December 31, 1996 when it officially became BNSF.



List of monarchs of the Netherlands

When William III died childless, the patrilineal ancestry of Orange-Nassau became extinct. In contrast to other provinces of the Dutch Republic, Friesland, Groningen and Drenthe had mostly drawn its stadtholders from the House of Nassau, that starting with John VI, the brother of William of Orange, and comprises in addition a matrilineal ancestry with the house of Orange-Nassau.

CIS Tower

The CIS Tower is an office skyscraper on Miller Street in Manchester, England. It was completed in 1962 and rises to 387 feet (118 m) in height. The Grade II listed building, which houses the Co-operative Banking Group, is Manchester's fifth-tallest building and the tallest office building in the United Kingdom outside London. The tower remained as built for over 40 years until maintenance issues on the service tower required an extensive renovation which included covering its facade in photovoltaic panels.

The office tower building rises above a five-storey podium block.

1983 Cricket World Cup

The 1983 Cricket World Cup (officially the Prudential Cup '83) was the 3rd edition of the Cricket World Cup tournament. It was held from 9 June to 25 June 1983 in England and Wales and was won by India. Eight countries participated in the event.

Kyle Korver

Kyle Elliot Korver (born March 17, 1981) is an American professional basketball player for the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association (NBA). He played college basketball for the Creighton Bluejays and was drafted in the second round of the 2003 NBA draft by the New Jersey Nets. He was immediately traded to the Philadelphia 76ers. After four and a half seasons in Philadelphia, he was traded to the Utah Jazz. During his first stint with the Jazz, in 2009–10, Korver shot 53.6 percent from three-point range, which set an NBA single-season three-point field goal accuracy record. In 2010, he joined the Chicago Bulls. In 2012, he was traded to the Atlanta Hawks, where in 2015, he was named NBA All-Star. In 2017, he was traded to the Cleveland Cavaliers, where he was a member of back-to-back Finals teams. In 2018, he was traded back to the Jazz.

Bluejacket, Oklahoma

Bluejacket is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bokchito, Oklahoma

Bokchito is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Caddo, Oklahoma

Caddo is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bokoshe, Oklahoma

Bokoshe is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Boswell, Oklahoma

Boswell is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Boynton, Oklahoma

Boynton is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Braggs, Oklahoma

Braggs is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Braman, Oklahoma

Braman is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Kildare, Oklahoma

Kildare is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bray, Oklahoma

Bray is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Breckenridge, Oklahoma

Breckenridge is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Calera, Oklahoma

Calera is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Colbert, Oklahoma

Colbert is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Kemp, Oklahoma

Kemp is a town in Oklahoma, United States. In 2020, 126 people lived in Kemp.

Kenefic, Oklahoma

Kenefic is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Mead, Oklahoma

Mead is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Silo, Oklahoma

Silo is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Burbank, Oklahoma

Burbank is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Bromide, Oklahoma

Bromide is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Calumet, Oklahoma

Calumet is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Brooksville, Oklahoma

Brooksville is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Byron, Oklahoma

Byron is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Jet, Oklahoma

Jet is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Colony, Oklahoma

Colony is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Calvin, Oklahoma

Calvin is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Clark County, Kansas

Clark County (county code CA) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 1,991 people lived there. Its county seat is Ashland. Ashland is also the biggest city in Clark County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau

Before 1944, Clark County was a swing county. They voted the national winner in every presidential election from 1900 to 1940. From 1944 on, it has become very Republican in presidential elections (except from 1964 when Lyndon B. Johnson won).





Marion County, Kansas

Marion County (standard abbreviation: MN) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 11,823 people lived there. The county seat is Marion. The county was named after Francis Marion, a Brigadier General of the American Revolutionary War, known as the "Swamp Fox".

In 2010, the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline (Phase II) was built north to south through Marion County. There was a lot of controversy over road damage, tax exemption, and environmental concerns (if a leak ever occurs).

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.0%) is water.

Marion County is in the Great Plains. The eastern part of the county is part of the Flint Hills.







Marshall County, Kansas

Marshall County (standard abbreviation: MS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 10,038 people lived there. The county seat is Marysville. Marysville is also the biggest city in Marshall County.

On May 30, 1879, the "Irving, Kansas Tornado" went through Marshall county. This tornado measured F4 on the Fujita scale. It had a damage path wide and long. Eighteen people were killed and sixty were injured.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.5%) is water.

Marshall County is very Republican county. The county has not been won by a Democratic candidate in a presidential election since 1932.




Hodgeman County, Kansas

Hodgeman County (county code HG) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 1,723 people lived there. Its county seat is Jetmore. Jetmore is also the biggest city in Hodgeman County.

Hodgeman County was created in 1867. It was named after Amos Hodgman, member of the 7th Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry. The letter E was later added to the namesake's name.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.04%) is water.

Hodgeman County is very Republican. Only six Republican presidential candidates have failed to win the county from 1888 to the present, and no Democrat has to win even a quarter of the county's votes since Michael Dukakis in 1988. The last Democrat to win the county was Jimmy Carter in 1976.





Haskell County, Kansas

Haskell County (county code HS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 3,780 people lived there. Its county seat is Sublette. Sublette is also the biggest city in Haskell County.

Haskell County was created in 1887. It was named for Dudley C. Haskell, a former member of Congress.

John M. Barry concluded that Haskell County was the where the first case of the 1918 flu pandemic (nicknamed "Spanish flu") happened, which killed between 21 and 100 million people.

The railroad and the development of oil and gas fields in the 1930s helped the economy of the area a lot. This helped overcome the "dust bowl" of that period. Haskell County was one of the hardest hit counties in the Midwest during the drought of 1930-1937.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.06%) is water.

Haskell County is the flattest county in Kansas.

Haskell County is very Republican. However, in 2016, the Democratic candidate (Hillary Clinton) got a higher share of the county's vote than Barack Obama did in 2012. The last time Haskell County was won by a Democratic candidate was 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.




Harper County, Kansas

Harper County (county code HP) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,485 people lived there. Its county seat is Anthony. Anthony is also the biggest city in Harper County. The county was named after Sergeant Marion Harper of the 2nd Kansas Cavalry. He died of wounds suffered near Waldron, Arkansas, in December 1863.

In 1867, Harper County was created.

The original organization of Harper County was one of the biggest frauds in county government. In 1873, a group of three men organized Harper County. They designated the then-fake city of "Bluff City" as the county seat. The petition for organization used many names from a Cincinnati city directory to represent as residents of Harper County. In 1874, the state attorney general investigated. He didn't find any resident of the county. The "creators" of the county had sold $40,000 worth of bonds.

Due to new and high-paying jobs at oil fields and wind farms, Harper County had an economic boom. In 2012, rental housing and office space in towns such as Danville, Harper, and Anthony had become four times more expensive. However, by 2016, the oil fracking boom had ended. The economies of Harper County were hurt.

The U.S. Census Bureau says taht the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water.





Hamilton County, Kansas

Hamilton County (county code HM) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,518 people lived there. Its county seat is Syracuse. Syracuse is also the biggest city in Hamilton County. The county was created in 1873. It is named after Alexander Hamilton.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.1%) is water.


Hamilton county is very Republican. The last time a democratic candidate has won Hamilton County was in 1976 by Jimmy Carter.




Greenwood County, Kansas

Greenwood County (county code GW) is a county in the southeast part of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 6,016 people lived there. Its county seat is Eureka. Eureka is also the biggest city in Greenwood County.

In 1855, Greenwood County was created. It was named after Alfred B. Greenwood, a U.S. Congressman from Arkansas.

The first railroad in Greenwood County was built through that territory in 1879.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.8%) is water. It is the fifth-largest county in Kansas by area.

Greenwood county is often carried by Republican Candidates. The last time a democratic candidate has carried this county was in 1936 by Franklin D. Roosevelt.





Sheridan County, Kansas

Sheridan County (standard abbreviation: SD) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,447 people lived there. Its county seat is Hoxie. The county was named after Phillip H. Sheridan, a general of the American Civil War era.

In 1873, the rest of the unorganized part of the state was divided into 22 new counties. This included Sheridan County. Sheridan County was then organized in 1880. The county seat was in Kenneth. 

The railroad was still used in Sheridan County until 1998. After flooding east of Plainville in the 1993 floods damaged the railroad, the railroad decided not to rebuild. The entire railroad from Plainville to Colby was abandoned by 1998.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.03%) is water.

Sheridan County is very Republican.





Sherman County, Kansas

Sherman County (standard abbreviation: SH) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,927 people lived there. Its county seat is Goodland. Sherman County was created by the Kansas Legislature in 1873. It is named after General William Tecumseh Sherman.

In 1886, Sherman County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.02%) is water.

Sherman County is one of only four Kansas counties in Mountain Time. Since Sherman County is part of the Wichita media market, prime-time television in the county is aired from 6 to 9 p.m. local time, rather than 7 to 10 p.m. as is normal in the Central and Mountain time zones. However, cable providers carry the ABC and NBC affiliates from both Wichita and Denver. This allows viewers to view programs on those networks at the normal prime-time hours.


Sherman county is often won by Republican Candidates, like most rural counties. However, Lyndon B. Johnson barely won the county in 1964.






Kurdistan Vegans

Kurdistan Vegans is the first vegan nonprofit organization working for animal rights in Iraq. It was established on June 24, 2018, by Zanko Bakhshi and Zhiar Ali, in Erbil, Kurdistan Region of Iraq. The organization focuses on animal rights, and encourages environmental protection and choosing a healthy lifestyle by promoting veganism and abstaining from using animal products.

The organization had its first physical activity on November 1, 2018, on World Vegan Day in two cities of the Kurdistan region in Sulaymaniyah and Erbil. The events took place in Azadi Park in Sulaymaniyah and Sami Abdulrahman Park in Erbil and consisted of distributing pamphlet and booklets containing information about veganism and the vegan diet.

After and during the event, local TVs interviewed members of the organization and started shining a light on the philosophy of veganism.

At first, the project started as a blog to inform the Kurdish people about veganism in 2017. Until its formal establishment, the activities of Kurdistan Vegans consisted of only online posting on platforms such as Facebook and Instagram. After Bakhshi came into contact with some animal rights activists, they decided to work more formally, as an organization, and like so the organization was certified by the Ministry of Nongovernmental Organizations on June 24, 2018.

The organization executed its first physical activity five months after its establishment on November 1, 2018, in Erbil and Sulaymaniyah. In Sulaymaniyah, the team consisted of five people led by the Vice President Zhiar Ali in Azadi Park, and in Erbil it consisted of 4 people led by the founder himself in Samy Abdulrahman Park. The event consisted of distributing pamphlets and booklets which contained information about veganism, a vegan diet, public figures who are vegan and such. The team also verbally explained and promoted veganism.

Kurdistan Vegans’ philosophy is based on a moral philosophy called veganism. The organization believes that animals must not be used for human benefits in any way and that they “should not be exploited.” In an interview with Jiyan Media, Bakhshi said:
Vegans believe in a moral philosophy where the people who believe it not only take out animal products from their meals, but they stop using them for clothes as well, because we believe that as long as there are alternatives for those things, animals don’t want to be part of the abuse they go through in animal industries.
In another interview, Bakhshi explained the difference between veganism, the philosophy of the organization, and vegetarianism, and said: “you can look at vegetarianism as a diet, they are people who don’t eat meat only, but vegans stop using animal products altogether, such as eggs and dairy products [as well], because they believe that what’s going on in the bird farms are not less than killing.”

The organization and its members believe that using animals and their byproducts is wrong because of the unethical treatment and abuse farmed animals go through. 

Vizianagaram district

Vizianagaram district is one of the thirteen districts in the Indian state of Andhra Pradesh. The headquarters is Vizianagaram.

The French defeated and ended the rule of the Nizam in 1753. These districts were then part of French India.


Jacques Necker

Jacques Necker (; 30 September 1732 – 9 April 1804) was a banker from Geneva who became a finance minister for Louis XVI. He tried to make France's tax system better.

His dismissal on 1789 caused the Storming of the Bastille.

Léon M'ba

Gabriel Léon M'ba (February 9, 1902 in Libreville - November 28, 1967 in Paris) was the first President of Gabon (1960 - 1967). The surname is also written 'M'Ba' and 'Mba'.

He was a member of the Fang people ethnic group. He was prime minister from May 21, 1957 to February 21, 1961 and became president upon independence from France on August 17, 1960. He was briefly toppled by a military coup d'etat in February 1964, and Jean-Hilaire Aubame was installed as president, but was restored within days through French intervention.

M'ba was reelected in March 1967, but died in November of that year and was succeeded by his vice president, Albert-Bernard Bongo (now Omar Bongo Ondimba).

Gabon's main airport, the Leon M'ba International Airport, is named for him. On November 27, 2007, President Bongo Ondimba attended a ribbon-cutting ceremony for a newly built Mausoleum for M'ba in Libreville. 

Camargo, Oklahoma

Camargo is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Leedey, Oklahoma

Leedey is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Oakwood, Oklahoma

Oakwood is a town in Dewey County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 74 at the 2020 census.

Putnam, Oklahoma

Putnam is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Vici, Oklahoma

Vici is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Etowah, Oklahoma

Etowah is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Byng, Oklahoma

Byng is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Omar Bongo

El Hadj Omar Bongo Ondimba (born Albert-Bernard Bongo; 30 December 1935 – 8 June 2009) was a Gabonese politician who was President of Gabon for 42 years, from 1967 until his death in 2009. He was promoted to key positions as a young official under Gabon's first President Léon M'ba in the 1960s, before being elected Vice-President in his own right in 1966. In 1967, he succeeded M'ba to become the second President of Gabon, upon the latter's death.

Bongo died in hospital from a heart attack on 8 June 2009 in Barcelona, aged 73.

Fitzhugh, Oklahoma

Fitzhugh is a town of Pontotoc County in the state of Oklahoma in the United States.

Francis, Oklahoma

Francis is a town in Pontotoc County, Oklahoma, United States.

IXL, Oklahoma

IXL is a town in Okfuskee County in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Castle, Oklahoma

Castle is a town of Oklahoma, in the United States. It is in Okfuskee County.

Norge, Oklahoma

Norge is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Buffalo, Oklahoma

Buffalo is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is the county seat of Harper County.

Cole, Oklahoma

Cole is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Byars, Oklahoma

Byars is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Burlington, Oklahoma

Burlington is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is in Alfalfa County. As of the 2020 census, 124 people lived in this town.

The town is an agricultural center.

Burns Flat, Oklahoma

Burns Flat is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Butler, Oklahoma

Butler is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Terral, Oklahoma

Terral is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Cornish, Oklahoma

Cornish is a town of Oklahoma, in the United States.

White Anglo-Saxon Protestant

White Anglo-Saxon Protestant (acronym: WASP) is a term describing White Anglo-Saxon Protestants. They are a social group of white protestants in the United States. They are often of British descent, and typically wealthy and well-connected. 

They are not so influential as they were. However, WASPs are still well placed in major financial, business and legal firms, and in universities. Most U.S. presidents belong to this group. Exceptions include John F. Kennedy (who was a Catholic), Barack Obama (African American), and Joe Biden (also a Catholic).

Osborne County, Kansas

Osborne County (standard abbreviation: OB) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 3,500 people lived there. The county seat is Osborne. Osborne is also the biggest city in Osborne County.

In 1867, Osborne County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water. The south fork of Solomon River goes through the county. The land has rolling hills and prairies.

The geodetic center of North America is within the county. The geographic center of the 48 contiguous states is in Smith County, which is close to Osborne County.

Osborne County is very Republican. No Democratic presidential candidate has won Osborne County since Woodrow Wilson in 1916.





Osage County, Kansas

Osage County (county code OS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 15,766 people lived there. Its county seat is Lyndon. Its most populous city is Osage City. The county was originally organized in 1855 as Weller County, and was renamed in 1859 after the Osage River that runs through it, which is itself named for the Osage Native American Tribe.

In 1859, Osage County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (2.0%) is water.

Osage County is included in the Topeka Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Osage County is strongly Republican. In only six presidential elections from 1888 to the present day has the county failed to back the Republican Party candidate, most recently in Lyndon B. Johnson's national landslide. of 1964.


Osage County is served by a weekly newspaper, "The Osage County Herald-Chronicle" is a weekly newspaper for Osage County. The newspaper publishes about 4,500 papers, making it the 3rd biggest paid weekly newspaper in the state of Kansas.

The Herald-Chronicle was created by the merger of The Osage County Herald and The Osage County Chronicle in February 2007.



Comanche County, Kansas

Comanche County (county code CM) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 1,689 people lived there. Its county seat is Coldwater. Coldwater is also the biggest city in Comanche County. Comanche County is named after the Comanche Native Americans.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water.





Gracemont, Oklahoma

Gracemont is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Eakly, Oklahoma

Eakly is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Cloud County, Kansas

Cloud County (county code CD) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 9,032 people lived there. Its county seat is Concordia. Concordia is also the biggest city in Cloud County.

In 1867, Cloud County was created.

Cloud county was originally named "Shirley" county. However, civic leaders feared that sounded too much like the name of a prostitute. They changed the name to "Cloud" county. They named it after Colonel William F. Cloud.

Cloud County was created from the existing Washington County, Kansas. This was in a joint convention with Republic and Cloud counties. The county was legally organized on September 6, 1866. Elk Creek was chosen as the temporary county seat.

In 1887, Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway built a railroad from Neva (3 miles west of Strong City) to Superior, Nebraska. This railroad connected Strong City, Neva, Rockland, Diamond Springs, Burdick, Lost Springs, Jacobs, Hope, Navarre, Enterprise, Abilene, Talmage, Manchester, Longford, Oak Hill, Miltonvale, Aurora, Huscher, Concordia, Kackley, Courtland, Webber, Superior.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.4%) is water.

The Republican River goes through the county. It enters from Republic County to the north. It exits to Clay County to the east. The Solomon River goes through the southwestern part of the county. It goes from Mitchell County to Ottawa County. Jamestown Lake is partially in the northwestern part of the county and partially in southwestern Republic county.

U.S. Route 81 goes through Cloud County. It goes through Concordia and connects north to Belleville, Kansas or south to Salina, Kansas. The southern part of the county also has U.S. Route 24. It connectd Clay Center, Kansas from the east and Beloit, Kansas to the west.

There are four other state highways in the county: K-9, K-28, K-189, and K-194.




Cloud County has also been listed as one of the places for Smallville in the Superman story line.



Coffey County, Kansas

Coffey County (county code CF) is a county in Eastern Kansas. In 2020, 8,360 people lived there. Its county seat is Burlington. Burlington is also the biggest city in Coffey County.

In 1855, Coffey County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (4.2%) is water.

Sources: National Atlas, U.S. Census Bureau






Kearny County, Kansas

Kearny County (county code KE) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 3,983 people lived there. Its county seat is Lakin. Lakin is also the biggest city in Kearny County. The county is named after General Philip Kearny.

The original Kearney County was created on March 6, 1873. It was ended in 1883. The land area was divided between Hamilton and Finney counties. It was recreated with its original borders in 1887. It was organized on March 27, 1888. The county is named after Philip Kearny. He was a U.S. Army officer in the Mexican–American War and a Union army general in the American Civil War. In 1889, the name was corrected to Kearny County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.05%) is water.


The west half of Kearny County observed Mountain Standard Time until October 28, 1990. This was when the Kansas Department of Transportation moved the entire county into the Central Time Zone, which 100 of the state's other 104 counties are in. Only four counties (Hamilton, Greeley, Wallace, and Sherman), all of which border Colorado, observe Mountain Time.

Kearny County is included in the Garden City, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area.




Cameron, Oklahoma

Cameron is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Fort Coffee, Oklahoma

Fort Coffee is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Clayton, Oklahoma

Clayton is a town in Pushmataha County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 555 at the 2020 census.

It is found at (34.587698, -95.357077).

Kingman County, Kansas

Kingman County (standard abbreviation: KM) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 7,470 people lived there. The county seat is Kingman. Kingman is also the biggest city in Kingman County.

In 1872, Kingman County was created. It was named after Samuel A. Kingman, chief justice of the Kansas Supreme Court.

During the 1870s, Kingman County had a lot of bison. The old-time cowboy author Frank H. Maynard said he went there on his first buffalo hunt.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.4%) is water.

Kingman County is included in the Wichita, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.





Kiowa County, Kansas

Kiowa County (standard abbreviation: KW) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,460 people lived there. The largest city and county seat is Greensburg.

In 1867, Kiowa County was created. It was named after the Kiowa tribe.

On May 4, 2007, Greensburg was destroyed by an EF5 tornado during the May 2007 tornado outbreak.

Tthe U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.03%) is water.

Kiowa County has a lot of iron-rich meteorites in its soil. This is due to the Brenham meteor fall over 10 thousand years ago.

Kiowa County is very Republican. The only Democrat to ever win the county was been Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936.






Woodson County, Kansas

Woodson County (standard abbreviation: WO) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020 census, 3,115 people lived there. Its county seat is Yates Center.

In 1855, Woodson County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.5%) is water.

Woodson County is very Republican. The only Democrat to win the county was Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932. Woodrow Wilson won a plurality in 1912.





Washington County, Kansas

Washington County (standard abbreviation: WS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,530 people lived there. Its county seat is Washington. Washington is also the biggest city in Washington County.

In 1857, Washington County was created.

In 2010, the Keystone-Cushing Pipeline (Phase II) was built north to south through Washington County. There was a lot of controversy over tax exemption and environmental concerns (if a leak ever does happen).

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.4%) is water.

Washington County is very Republican. No Democratic Presidential candidate has won Washington County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932. Since 1940, only Lyndon Johnson in 1964 won forty percent of Washington County's vote for the Democratic Party.

The county is served by:

The superintendent is Denise O'Dea. It includes:



Wabaunsee County, Kansas

Wabaunsee County (standard abbreviation: WB) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 6,877 people lived there. Its county seat is Alma. The county was created by the territorial legislature of Kansas Territory on March 25, 1859. It was named after a chief of the Potawatomi Indians.

The first white people in the area were said to have been a group of criminals. This group was known as the McDaniel Gang.

Wabaunsee County was created by the territorial legislature on March 25, 1859. The name used since 1859 is from the Potawatomi "Wah-bon-seh". This means "dawn of day." It was the name of the chief of the Potawatomi Indians. Originally, the county was named Richardson. This was named after William Alexander Richardson, a congressman from Illinois, who introduced the first Kansas and Nebraska Bill in the United States House of Representatives. This made certain Indian lands territories in 1854.

The county's first church, Wabaunsee Church of Christ, was created in June 1857.

The first railroad to be built through Wabaunsee County was the Atchison, Topeka, and Santa Fe in 1880. In 1887, the Chicago, Kansas and Nebraska Railway built a railroad from Topeka to Herington. This railroad connected Topeka, Valencia, Willard, Maple Hill, Vera, Paxico, McFarland, Alma, Volland, Alta Vista, Dwight, White City, Latimer, Herington.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.7%) is water.

Wabaunsee County is part of the Topeka, KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Wabaunsee County is very Republican. No Democratic Presidential candidate has won Wabaunsee County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932.




Wallace County, Kansas

Wallace County (standard abbreviation: WA) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020 census, 1,512 people lived there. This would make it the county in Kansas with the second-least number of people living in it. Its county seat is Sharon Springs. The county was created in 1868. It was named after Brigadier general W.H.L. Wallace, who was a veteran of the Mexican–American War and a casualty of the Battle of Shiloh.

In 1868, Wallace County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.01%) is water.

Mount Sunflower is in Wallace County. It is the highest place in Kansas. It is 4,039 feet (1,231 meters). Mount Sunflower is about north-northwest of Weskan, less than one mile (1.6 km) from the Colorado state line.

Wallace County is one of four Kansas counties to use Mountain Standard Time rather than Central Standard Time.

Wallace has been one of the most Republican counties in Kansas. Only two Democratic Presidential nominees have ever won Wallace County – Woodrow Wilson in 1916 and Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932. Since 1944 only three Democratic Presidential candidates have won 31 percent of Wallace County's vote – Harry S. Truman in 1948, Lyndon Johnson in 1964 and Jimmy Carter in 1976. In the 2016 election Hillary Clinton won less than six percent of the county's vote. The last five Republican nominees have all won at least 84 percent.





Morris County, Kansas

Morris County (standard abbreviation: MR) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,386 people lived there. The county seat is Council Grove. Council Grove is also the biggest city in Morris County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.1%) is water.

Morris County is veru Republican. Only two Democratic presidential candidates have ever won the county – Woodrow Wilson in 1916 and Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936.





Morton County, Kansas

Morton County (standard abbreviation: MT) is a county in the southwestern corner of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,701 people lived there. The county seat is Elkhart. Elkhart is also the biggest city in Morton County.

In 1886, Morton County was created. It was named after Oliver Morton, who was a United States Senator from Indiana from 1867 to 1877. In 1886, the community of Richfield was created as the county seat.

In the 1930s, the economy of the area was hurt by the Dust Bowl. This made the economy in the area much worse during the Great Depression.

In 1961, the county seat moved from Richfield to Elkhart.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.03%) is water.


Morton County is often won by Republican Candidates. However Jimmy Carter almost won the county in 1976, however Gerald Ford barely won the county by .2%. The last time the county was won by a Democrat was in 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.




Nemaha County, Kansas

Nemaha County (standard abbreviation: NM) is a county in the northeastern part of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 10,273 people lived there. The county seat is Seneca.

In 1855, Nemaha County was created.

The first railroad in Nemaha County was built in 1866.

On May 30, 1879, the "Irving, Kansas Tornado" went through Nemaha county. This tornado measured F4 on the Fujita scale. It had a damage path wide and long. Eighteen people were killed and sixty were injured in this tornado.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.3%) is water.




Wilson County, Kansas

Wilson County (standard abbreviation: WL) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 8,624 people lived there. Its county seat is Fredonia.

In 1855, Wilson County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.8%) is water.

Wilson County is very Republican. No Democratic Presidential candidate has won Wilson County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932.





John Minto

John Minto (born in 1953) is a Retired Science Teacher at Hornby High School in Christchurch, New Zealand and Former activist During the Springbok Tour. In 1969 John Minto was the Chairman of H.A.R.T (Halt All Racist Tours) a Group to stop the South African Rugby Team Tours of New Zealand. Even police batons were named after Minto, called "Minto Bars". In 2016 John Minto ran for Mayor of Christchurch. Minto had received 13,117 votes, and lost the election.

Fukuiraptor

Fukuiraptor ("thief of Fukui") was a medium-sized theropod dinosaur of the Lower Cretaceous. The fossil was found in the Kitadani Quarry, Fukui Prefecture, Japan. A reconstructed fossil is exhibited in the Fukui Prefectural Dinosaur Museum, Japan.

The type specimen is an immature specimen found in the Kitadani Quarry. The reconstruction of the skeleton indicates that this dinosaur was about 4.2 m long and 175kg in weight. The preserved elements include the skull, vertebral column, front limbs (arms) , and hind limbs (legs). Additional remains have been found in the site, indicating a breeding or nesting area.

"Fukuiraptor" is small compared to similar dinosaurs and is characterized for having relatively long hands with strongly curved sharp thin claws.

Due to its characteristics, it has been indicated that it belongs to Megaraptora, which is a group nested within Allosauroidea. 

Dot Island

Dot Island is a tiny island in the sub-Antarctic. It is 0.6 nautical miles (1.1 km) west of Tern Island in the south part of the Bay of Isles, South Georgia. It was first charted by Robert Cushman Murphy in 1912–13. It was surveyed in 1929–30 by Discovery Investigations personnel. They probably named it because of its size and small appearance on charts.

2015 Ankara bombings

On 10 October 2015 in Ankara, Turkey, two suicide bombers detonated their bombs outside Ankara railway station. About 100 people were killed.

Yogi Adityanath

Mahant Yogi Adityanath (birth name Ajay Singh Bisht; 5th June 1972) is a Hindu monk and Indian politician who is the current Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh.

Fatsia

Fatsia is a small genus of three species of evergreen shrubs in the Araliaceae family. They are native to southern Japan and Taiwan. 

It has also become naturalised in some areas. In New Zealand it has become established in waste areas and abandoned gardens, spreading by suckers.

Trivendra Singh Rawat

Trivendra Singh Rawat (born 20 December 1960) is an Indian politician and is the eighth and current Chief Minister of Uttarakhand.

Qatna

Qatna is an ancient city west of Hammurabi's empire. It remained independent.

Wichita County, Kansas

Wichita County (standard abbreviation: WH) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020 census, 2,152 people lived there. Its county seat is Leoti.

In 1886, Wichita County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . All of it is land.


Wichita County is very Republican. The last Democrat to win the county was Jimmy Carter in 1976. In the past six elections no Democrat has won more than twenty percent of Wichita County’s vote.

Although the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, Wichita County is still a "dry" county.





Trego County, Kansas

Trego County (standard abbreviation: TR) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,808 people lived there. Its county seat is WaKeeney. WaKeeney is also the biggest city in Trego County.

In 1879, Trego County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.1%) is water.


Republican candidates often win Trego County. The last time a democratic candidate has won this county was in 1964.





Thomas County, Kansas

Thomas County (standard abbreviation: TH) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020 census, 7,930 people lived there. Its county seat is Colby.

Thomas County was created on October 8, 1885. It was named after George Henry Thomas, a Union General during the American Civil War, hero of the Battle of Chickamauga. The townships of the county were named after the soldiers that died at the Battle of Chickamauga.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.01%) is water.


Thomas County is very Republican. The last time a democratic candidate has won Thomas County was in 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.





Stanton County, Kansas

Stanton County (standard abbreviation: ST) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,084 people lived there. Its county seat is Johnson City.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.01%) is water.


Stanton County is very Republican. The last time a democratic candidate won the county was in 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.

Although the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, Stanton County is still a "dry" county.




Stafford County, Kansas

Stafford County (standard abbreviation: SF) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 4,072 people lived there. Its county seat is St. John. The county is named after Lewis Stafford. He was captain of Company E, First Kansas Infantry, who was killed at the Battle of Young's Point in Madison Parish, Louisiana on June 7, 1863.

In 1879, Stafford County was created.

The borders of Stafford County were defined by the Kansas Legislature of 1870. For several years, the county was still unorganized. The Legislature of 1875 gave the territory in Stafford County to other counties. They wanted to get rid of Stafford County. They gave the part in Range 15 West to Pawnee County; the portion included in Ranges 11, 12, 13 and 14 to Barton County; and the south half of the county, excepting the portion in Range 15, was added to Pratt County. But after each of the counties had taken its part, a strip six miles wide and twelve miles long (two townships) remained as Stafford County. This was the county until April 25, 1879. The Supreme Court of Kansas said that dividing the county was unconstitutional. The county was restored to its original borders.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.4%) is water.

Stafford County is often won by Republican Candidates. The last time Stafford County was won by a democratic candidate was in 1976 by Jimmy Carter.

Although the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, Stafford County is still a "dry" county until an election in 2016 when this prohibition was removed by 1,304 to 535, 71% of the vote.





Harish Rawat

Harish Chandra Singh Rawat (born 27 April 1948) is an Indian politician who was Chief Minister of Uttarakhand from 2014-2017. In July 2014, he won a by-election from Dharchula assembly seat by over 19,000 votes.

Smith County, Kansas

Smith County (standard abbreviation: SM) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 3,570 people lived there. Its county seat is Smith Center. The county is named after Maj. J. Nelson Smith, who was part of the 2nd Colorado Cavalry. He was killed in action at the Battle of Westport on October 21, 1864.

The geographic center of the contiguous United States is in the county, near Lebanon.

In 1872, Smith County was created. The first homestead in Smith County was in 1871. There were 3,800 people living there by 1875. The county grew to 15,000 people by 1889. Corn was the main crop, but drought and grasshoppers hurt the crops. When hardy Winter wheat was introduced to Kansas by Russian settlers, it eventually became the main crop in Smith County. The number of people living in Smith County has slowly gone down since 1900. This is due to advanced farming techniques that need fewer people to farm.

Brewster Higley wrote the song "Home on the Range" in 1873 in a cabin 9 miles northwest of Smith Center. It later became the Kansas State song.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.2%) is water. The county is divided into 25 townships, each of which is listed below in the subdivisions section of this article.

The geographic center of the 48 contiguous states is in the county, near the city of Lebanon. The geographic center of North America is located in neighboring Osborne County.

The Solomon River runs through the southern part of the county. It provides a flat basin and water for irrigation.

There are two major highways in the county. The main east–west route is U.S. Highway 36. It goes through Athol, Kensington, and Smith Center. The main north–south route is U.S. Highway 281. Kansas state highways K-8, K-9 and K-180 go to other areas of the county.

Smith County is very Republican. No Democratic presidential candidate has won Smith County since Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932. Since 1940, the only Democrat to win forty percent of the county’s vote was Lyndon Johnson in 1964.





Labette County, Kansas

Labette County (county code LB) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 20,184 people lived there. Its county seat is Oswego. Its biggest city is Parsons. The county was named after LaBette creek, the second-biggest creek in the county. The creek was named after French-Canadian fur trapper Pierre LaBette who had moved to the area.

In the 1840s, most of the people living in Labette County were Osage people. There were also many Cherokee and Euro-Americans. Many of the Euro-Americans were merchants with Osage or Cherokee wives.

Between 1871 and 1873, at least eleven people disappeared near an inn and general store run by the Bender family in Labette County. After the disappareance of the Benders in 1873, it was found that they had apparently murdered many travelers. Between eight and eleven bodies were found buried at the inn. Governor Thomas A. Osborn offered a reward of $2,000 for anyone who caught the Benders, but they were never found.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.2%) is water.

The Parsons, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area includes all of Labette County.

The 2020 Census says that Labette County had 20,184 people living there. The median age was 40. The race of the people were 79.7% non-Hispanic white, 4.2% African-American, 2.1% Native American, 0.4% Asian, 0.3% non-Hispanics of some other race, 8.7% non-Hispanics reporting two or more races and 4.7% Hispanic or Latino.

Labette County is mostly Republican. It has a slight Democratic lean to it like many counties in Southeast Kansas. Although Jimmy Carter and Bill Clinton both won the county once each, it has become more Republican.




Lane County, Kansas

Lane County (standard abbreviation: LE) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 1,574 people lived there. This makes it the county with the third lowest number of people living in it in Kansas. The county seat is Dighton, the only city in the county. The county was named after James H. Lane. He was a leader of the Jayhawker abolitionist movement, and he was one of the first U.S. Senators from Kansas.

In 1873, Lane County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.03%) is water.

Lane County has been very Republican throughout its history. It voted for Democratic candidates only five times in presidential elections from 1888 to the present. The last time a Democrat won the county was in 1964 by Lyndon B. Johnson.

Although the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, Lane County is still a "dry" county.





Lincoln County, Kansas

Lincoln County (standard abbreviation: LC) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,939 people lived there. The county seat is Lincoln Center. Lincoln Center is also the biggest city in Lincoln County.

In 1867, Lincoln County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.1%) is water.

Lincoln county is very Republican. Lyndon B. Johnson was the last Democrat to lose the county by less than 5%. The last Democrat to win the county was Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936.






Bipin Rawat

General Bipin Rawat (16 March 1958 – 8 December 2021), PVSM, UYSM, AVSM, YSM, SM, VSM, ADC was the Chief of the Defence Staff of the Indian Armed Forces and the former Chief of Army Staff of the Indian Army. He became Chief of Army Staff on 31 December 2016 after retirement of General Dalbir Singh.

Rawat died on 8 December 2021 in a helicopter crash in Coonoor, Tamil Nadu. General Rawat, his wife, Madhulika Rawat and 11 others were on the way to Defence Services Staff College (DSSC), Wellington when the helicopter crashed, killing all the people on board. General Rawat was 63.

Linn County, Kansas

Linn County (county code LN) is a county in east-central Kansas. In 2020, 9,591 people lived there. Its county seat is Mound City. Its biggest city is Pleasanton. The county was named after Lewis F. Linn, a U.S. Senator from Missouri.

Explorers in the early 19th century found abandoned mining sites along a creek south of the Marais des Cygnes river. No one knows who the miners were. Early residents of the region decided to call the waterway "Mine Creek."

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (2.0%) is water.

Linn County is included in the Kansas City, MO-KS Metropolitan Statistical Area.





Logan County, Kansas

Logan County (standard abbreviation: LG) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,762 people lived there. The county seat is Oakley. Oakley is also the biggest city in Logan County. The county was named after Gen. John A. Logan.

One of the county's most unique features is a mile long stretch of Niobrara Formation rocks. The rocks reach 100 feet high. They are called "Little Jerusalem." It is related to the same geology that formed the Badlands National Park. The formation is mostly on private land. In 2016, the Nature Conservancy bought the land, and they say they will open the area to the public.

In 1887, Logan County was created.

Logan County was first created in 1871 as St. John County. St. John was created from the area to the east of range 38 in what was then part of Wallace County. The Kansas State Legislature changed the name from St. John to Logan in 1885.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.01%) is water.


Logan County is very Republican. Only two Democrats have ever won the county in a Presidential election: Woodrow Wilson in 1916 and Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1932.




Unmukt Chand

Unmukt Chand (born 26 March 1993) is an Indian cricketer. He is a right-hand batsman who usually opens the batting. Chand took his India Under-19 cricket team team to the U-19 Cricket World Cup victory in 2012. He scored an 111 not out in the final against Australia in Townsville, and got the praise of Australian great batsman Ian Chappell.

Lyon County, Kansas

Lyon County (standard abbreviation: LY) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 32,179 people lived there. The county seat Emporia. Emporia is also the biggest city in Lyon County. The county was named after General Nathaniel Lyon, who was killed at the Battle of Wilson's Creek in the American Civil War.

In 1806, Zebulon Pike led the Pike expedition west from St Louis, Missouri. Part of their journey followed the Cottonwood River through Lyon County.

In 1862, Lyon County was created from the county formerly known as Breckinridge County.

In 1871, the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway extended a railroad from Emporia to Newton.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.9%) is water.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.9%) is water.

Lyon County comprises the Emporia, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area.

Emporia County has been very Republican for most of its history. The last time a Democrat won the county was Lyndon B. Johnson in 1964.



R. Lee Ermey was born in Emporia on March 24, 1944. He died on April 15, 2018. He was a retired United States Marine Corps Gunnery Sergeant, Drill Instructor and actor. Ermey was often best known for his roles of authority figures, such as his performance as Gunnery Sergeant Hartman in "Full Metal Jacket".

William Allen White was an American newspaper editor, politician, author, and leader of the Progressive movement. Between 1896 and his death White became the spokesman for middle America. He won a 1923 Pulitzer Prize for his editorial "To an Anxious Friend," published July 27, 1922. This was after being arrested in a disagreement over free speech. This was after there were objections to the way the state of Kansas handled the men who took part in the Great Railroad Strike of 1922.



Neosho County, Kansas

Neosho County (standard abbreviation: NO) is a county in the south east of the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 15,904 people lived there. The county seat is Erie.

In 1861, Neosho County was created.

The first railroad was built through Neosho County in 1870.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.1%) is water.

Neosho County is a very Republican county. However, like the rest of Southeast Kansas counties, Democrats have not done poorly.





Ness County, Kansas

Ness County (standard abbreviation: NS) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,687 people lived there. The county seat is Ness City. Ness City is also the biggest city in Ness County. The county was named after Corporal Noah V. Ness of the 7th Kansas Cavalry.

In 1867, Ness County was created.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.02%) is water.

Ness County is very overwhelmingly Republican. The last time a Democrat won the county was Jimmy Carter in 1976.





Norton County, Kansas

Norton County (standard abbreviation: NT) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,459 people lived there. The county seat is Norton. Norton is also the biggest city in Norton County. The county was created in 1867. It was named after Orloff Norton, captain of Company L, 15th Kansas Militia Infantry Regiment.

 Norton County was created by Noah H. Billings, Thomas Beaumont, Henry Gordon, P. Hansen, and George Cole on August 22, 1872. In 1878 Norton became the county seat. The county got its name for Civil War soldier Orloff Norton, who was killed at Cane Hill, Arkansas in 1864.

The first county fair, although not official, was held in Leota in October, 1878. After 1900 the fair was held every year in Elmwood Park in Norton. The first school district was created in Norton in 1872. School was held in a dugout beginning December 1, 1873. 

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.4%) is water.

Noah H. Billings was an early county settler, county superintendent of schools, county attorney, and state representative. Keith Sebelius was a U.S. congressman from 1969 to 1981.

Norton County is very Republican. The last Democrat to reach forty percent of the county’s vote was Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1936. Roosevelt in 1932 was the last Democrat to win Norton County. The only other Democrats to win are Woodrow Wilson (twice) and William Jennings Bryan in his first 1896 campaign.





Gray County, Kansas

Gray County (county code GY) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 5,653 people lived there. Its county seat is Cimarron. Cimarron is also the biggest city in Gray County.

Gray County was created in 1881. It was named after Alfred Gray. Between 1887 and 1893, a county seat war happened in Gray County that involved several notable Old West figures, such as Bat Masterson, Bill Tilghman, and Ben Daniels. Because of this, Cimarron became the permanent county seat of Gray County.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.05%) is water.

Since 2001, NextEra Energy Resources has operated the biggest wind farm in Kansas. They have 170 turbines. They can generate up to 110 megawatts. It is on a site near Montezuma.

Gray County has the highest percentage of followers of the Church of God in Christ, Mennonite in the US. There were 1,032 members of the Church in Gray County in 2010, which is 17.18% of the total number of people in Gray County. It is the biggest Church in the county.

Gray county is often won by Republican candidates. The last time a Democratic candidate won this county was in 1976 by Jimmy Carter.

Although the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, Gray County is still a "dry" county.




Grant County, Kansas

Grant County (county code GT) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 7,352 people lived there. Its county seat and only city is Ulysses.

In 1873, the part of Kansas that is west of Range 25 was divided into 25 new counties. The new counties were Decatur, Rawlins, Cheyenne, Sheridan, Thomas, Sherman, Lane, Buffalo, Foote, Meade, Scott, Sequoyah, Arapahoe, Seward, Wichita, Kearny, Greeley, Hamilton, Stanton, Kansas, Stevens, and Grant.

Grant County, Kansas was named after Ulysses S. Grant, the 18th President of the United States (1869–1877). He was incumbent president at the time of the county's creation. The initial survey creating the county borders was in the summer of 1874.

In 1883, Kearny, Sequoyah, Arapahoe, Kansas, Stevens, Meade, Clark and Grant counties disappeared. Hamilton, Ford, Seward, and Hodgeman counties became bigger, and Finney County was created. Grant County was split with the western part becoming a part of Hamilton County and the eastern part becoming a part of the newly-created Finney County.

On June 9, 1888, Grant County was created again as a Kansas county, with original county borders. The first officers of the new Grant County were sworn in on June 18, 1888.
In October 1888, the county seat election for Grant County resulted in victory for Ulysses, Kansas. The election results were:.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.06%) is water.


Grant County is very republican. Lyndon B. Johnson was the last democrat to win the county, and Jimmy Carter barely lost the county in 1976.




Graham County, Kansas

Graham County (county code GH) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,415 people lived there. Its county seat is Hill City. Hill City is also the biggest city in Graham County. Nicodemus is in Graham County. Nicodemus was created in 1877, which is the only remaining western town created by African Americans during the Reconstruction Period after the American Civil War.

Graham County was organized in 1880. In 1887, Graham County was created. It was named after Captain John L. Graham, a Union soldier killed at the Battle of Chickamauga in Tennessee on September 19, 1863.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.03%) is water.

The average elevation in the county is above sea level.
The south fork of Solomon River goes through the county. It is drained by Saline River.



Noted regional artist Birger Sandzén often painted landscapes in Graham County. This was where his wife's parents moved to in 1906. Examples include "Still Water", which is in the collection at Kansas State University's Marianna Kistler Beach Museum of Art. It shows Wild Horse Creek in the county.



Gove County, Kansas

Gove County (county code GO) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,718 people lived there. Its county seat is Gove City. Its biggest city is Quinter.

In 1868, Gove County was created. It was named after Granville Llewellyn Gove, member of the 11th Regiment Kansas Volunteer Cavalry. He was also the son of Moses Gove, a former mayor of Manhattan, Kansas.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has an area of . Of that, is land and (0.01%) is water.

Although the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, Gove County is still a "dry" county.






Elk County, Kansas

Elk County (county code EK) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020, 2,483 people lived there. Its county seat is Howard. Howard is also the biggest city in Elk County.

In 1875, Elk County was created. It was named after the Elk River.

The first railroad in Elk County was built through that territory in 1879. It connected ranches and farms to markets.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.0%) is water.

The Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, but Elk County voters have chosen to remain a "dry" county.





Edwards County, Kansas

Edwards County (county code ED) is a county in the U.S. states of Kansas. In 2020, 2,907 people lived there. Its county seat is Kinsley. Kinsley is also the biggest city in Edwards County. The county was created in 1874. It was named after W. C. Edwards, of Hutchinson, a pioneer settler, who played an active role in its creation.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (0.01%) is water.

The Arkansas River goes through Edwards County from the southwest corner to the Pawnee County line near U.S. Route 56.

Three U.S. Routes go through Edwards County. They all meet in Kinsley. An east-west route, U.S. Route 50 goes around Belpre and Lewis before connecting with westbound U.S. Route 56 in Kinsley. The single road then goes through Offerle and west into Ford County. U.S. Route 183 goes from Kiowa County in the south to Kinsley, where it connects east U.S. 56 as a single highway to Pawnee County. K-19 starts at U.S. Route 50 near Belpre, and goes north into Pawnee County.





Doniphan County, Kansas

Doniphan County (county code DP) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. In 2020 census, 7,510 people lived there. Its county seat is Troy. Its biggest city is Wathena.

Doniphan County was created on August 25, 1855, then organized on September 18, 1855. It is named after the U.S. cavalry commander Colonel Alexander W. Doniphan (1808–1887) of Liberty, Missouri. He was important in the Mexican–American War.

Doniphan County is in the northeastern corner of the state. It is bordered by Nebraska to the north and Missouri to the east. The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that, is land and (1.2%) is water. It is the third-smallest county in Kansas by land area and second-smallest by total area.

The Missouri River defines the border in the north and east. Eight barge lines travel the river, and a Port Authority is across the river in Saint Joseph, Missouri. The river provides a lot of the water for the eastern part of the county. Cities away from the river, such as Troy and Highland, get their water from underground wells. The Wolf River goes through western pstyd of the county and north into the Missouri River.

The only major highway in the county is U.S. Highway 36, an east/west route going through St. Joseph. Troy, Elwood, and Wathena lie along this route. Kansas state highways K-7, K-20, K-120, K-136, K-137, and K-238 serve other areas of the county. K-7 has been designated a scenic byway.

Doniphan County is included in the St. Joseph, MO-KS Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Kansas City-Overland Park-Kansas City, MO-KS Combined Statistical Area.

Doniphan County is served by a Board of County Commissioners. In it, there is one elected official from each of three districts. The commissioners serve four-year terms. The 2nd and 3rd district elections happen two years after the 1st district election. The board is responsible for making the county's policies, procedures, and budgets. They also oversee functions of their respective road and bridge shops. The county has used county planning and zoning codes. The cities are governed by mayors and city councils. Government services are paid for through a sales tax, property tax, and an "ad valorem tax" mill levy.

Because of its history of settlement by anti-slavery Yankees from Iowa and New England, Doniphan County became very Republican. The county has voted for the Republican nominee in every presidential election since Kansas became a state, beginning in 1864. Only three Democratic nominees reached forty percent of Doniphan County’s vote.

Although the Kansas Constitution was changed in 1986 to allow the sale of alcohol, Doniphan County remained a "dry" county until 2012.


Highland Community College was the first college created in Kansas. This was when the Highland University charter was approved by the Territorial Legislature in 1858. Over time the college changed its name many times before becoming a regional rural community college. (Web site)



Elizabeth Lane

Dame Elizabeth Kathleen Lane (née Coulborn; 9 August 1905 – 17 June 1988) was a British judge. In 1965, she became the first woman to be appointed a High Court judge in England and Wales.

She received a damehood when she was appointed to the High Court. She had previously been the third woman to be made Queen's Counsel in 1950. She retired as a judge in 1979.

Rose Heilbron

Dame Rose Heilbron (19 August 1914 - 8 December 2005) was a British lawyer and judge. In 1949, she became one of the first women to be appointed Queen's Counsel in Britain.

She graduated from Liverpool University in 1935, and became a lawyer in 1939. She was made Queen's Counsel in 1949, and was made a full-time judge in the High Court in 1974. She retired as a judge in 1988.

Helena Normanton

Helena Florence Normanton (14 December 1882 - 14 October 1957) was a British lawyer. She was the first woman to practice as a lawyer in England (1922), and was one of the first women to be made Queen's Counsel (1949).

Right of survivorship

The right of survivorship is a right attached to an asset such as a home or a bank account which is jointly owned. When one of the owners dies, the surviving owner(s) get the asset. The asset is then excluded from the estate. In other words, it is not part of the will of the person who died. It becomes the property of the surviving owner(s).

College town

A college town or university town is a place (often a town or city) that has a college or university that is an important part of that place. The university may be a very big part of the place's economy and culture, and there may be a lot of students living there. Many residents may work for the university, the university may be the biggest employer, and many businesses may work with the university.

John Trumbull

John Trumbull (; June 6, 1756November 10, 1843) was an American artist during the American Revolutionary War. He created many historical paintings. He has been called The Painter of the Revolution. 

Trumbull's "Declaration of Independence" (1817), one of his four paintings which hang in the United States Capitol Rotunda, was used on the reverse the two-dollar bill.

Trumbull was born in Lebanon, Connecticut, in 1756. His father was Jonathan Trumbull, and his mother was Faith (née Robinson) Trumbull. His father was the Governor of Connecticut from 1769 to 1784. 

The young Trumbull entered the 1771 junior class at Harvard College at age fifteen. He graduated in 1773. Due to a childhood accident, Trumbull lost use of one eye. This may have influenced his detailed painting style.

As a soldier in the American Revolutionary War, Trumbull drew plans of the British and American lines and works.



Sousaphone

The sousaphone () is a brass instrument in the same family as the more widely known tuba. 

It was created around 1893 by J.W. Pepper at the direction of American bandleader John Philip Sousa after whom it was named. It was designed to be easier to play than the concert tuba while standing or marching. It should also carry the sound of the instrument above the heads of the band. Like the tuba, sound is produced by moving air past the lips, causing them to vibrate or "buzz" into a large cupped mouthpiece. Unlike the tuba, the instrument is bent in a circle to fit around the body of the musician; it ends in a large, flaring bell that is pointed forward, projecting the sound ahead of the player. Because of the ease of carrying and the direction of sound, it is widely employed in marching bands, as well as various other musical genres. Sousaphones were originally made out of brass but in the mid-20th century started to be made from lighter materials like fiberglass; today both types are in wide use.

British .303

The British .303 (three-o-three) cartridge was the bullet used for British rifles and light machine guns until Britain became part of NATO. Guns that used the .303 included the Lee-Enfield and the Bren light machine gun.

Lisa (rapper)

Lalisa Manoban is a Thai rapper, singer, dancer and model. She is based in South Korea. She goes by the stage name Lisa. She is known as a member of the female K-pop group Blackpink. In 2021, she released her first solo single album named "Lalisa". It was a huge success. 

Lisa was born in Thailand on 27 March 1997. In 2010, she passed a YG Entertainment audition in Thailand. Many people took part in the audition but she was to only person to be selected. She was invited to sign a contract with them and was added as a member of Blackpink.

Istanbul nightclub shooting

the Istanbul nightclub shooting was a mass shooting in the early hours of 1 January 2017 in the European part of Istanbul, Turkey. Uzbek ISIL member Abdulkadir Masharipov used an AK-47 assault rifle to shoot over 100 people in Reina nightclub, killing 39 of them.

Eric Prydz

Eric Prydz is a Swedish DJ and producer. He is best known for his 2004 hit single "Call On Me" which was at the top of the UK singles charts for 4 weeks.

Halsey

Halsey may mean:



Negroland

Negroland, or Nigritia was a term Europeans used to describe a region in Africa, south of the Sahara. The region was poorly explored, and Europeans mainly knew the area around the coast. The name was probably a direct translation of the Arabic term "Bilad al-Sudan", which translates to "land of the Blacks".

As can be seen on the map, Europeans of the time believed that the rivers Senegal, Gambia and Niger were in the same river system: one river that divided before flowing into the ocean. 

In 1823, approximately the same area was described as "Nigritia" on an American map published by Fielding Lucus Jr. The inhabitants of Nigritia were called Negroes. 

Canton, Oklahoma

Canton is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Chambers County

Chambers County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Coos County

Coos County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Windham County

Windham County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Wabash County

Wabash County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Lowndes County

Lowndes County is the name of three counties in the United States:

McHenry County

McHenry County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Hydro, Oklahoma

Hydro is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Okeene, Oklahoma

Okeene is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Helena, Oklahoma

Helena is a town in Oklahoma, United States.

Clearview, Oklahoma

Clearview is a town in Oklahoma, United States.

Paden, Oklahoma

Paden is a town in Oklahoma, United States.

Weleetka, Oklahoma

Weleetka is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is found about southeast of Okemah, the county seat.

Canadian, Oklahoma

Canadian is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Caney, Oklahoma

Caney is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It can be found in Atoka County.

Stringtown, Oklahoma

Stringtown is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It can be found in Atoka County.

Tushka, Oklahoma

Tushka is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is in Atoka County.

Lane, Oklahoma

Lane is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) of Oklahoma in the United States. It is in Atoka County.

Dotyville, Oklahoma

Dotyville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Oklahoma in the United States. It is in Ottawa County.

Sunflower County, Mississippi

Sunflower County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 25,971 people lived there. Indianola is the largest city and county seat. It is in the Mississippi Delta region.

Sunflower County was created in 1844.

Colby, Kansas

Colby is a city in Thomas County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Thomas County. In 2020, 5,570 people lived there.
Interstate 70 reached Colby in 1965. This created growth for a local hospitality industry.

Colby is at (39.392093, -101.047532). It has an elevation of 3,159 feet (963 m). It is on the south side of Prairie Dog Creek. Prairie Dog Creek is a tributary of the Republican River. It is in the High Plains region of the Great Plains. A small tributary of the creek flows northeast through the town. It is at the interchange of Interstate 70 and K-25 in northwestern Kansas. Colby is east-southeast of Denver, northwest of Wichita, and west of Kansas City.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . It is all land.

The hottest temperature recorded in Colby was 113 °F (45 °C) in 2012. The coldest temperature recorded was -32 °F (-36 °C) in 1989.

In 2020, there were 5,570 people, 2,199 households, and 1,331 families living in Colby. Of the households, 64.2% owned their home and 35.8% rented their home.

The median age was 34.6 years. Of the people, 88.7% were White, 1.8% were Black, 0.8% were Native American, 0.6% were Asian, 2.4% were from some other race, and 5.7% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 8.1% of the people.

In 2010, there were 5,387 people, 2,211 households, and 1,320 families living in Colby.

Colby has a mayor-council form of government. The mayor rules over the city council. The mayor has final approval over rules the council passes. The mayor shares responsibility for creating policy and approving the city budget with the council. With the council's consent, the mayor chooses all members of the city boards and. The city council has eight members elected by ward every four years. The city manager is hired by the council. The city manager is responsible for preparing the budget, administering day-to-day operations, and managing city government people.


Colby Public Schools (Unified School District 315) has four public schools in the city:

There are also two private schools in Colby:

Interstate 70 runs east–west south of Colby. U.S. Route 24 runs east–west through the city. It intersects K-25, which runs north–south.

Colby Municipal Airport is n K-25. It is about 2 miles (3 km) north of the city.

The "Colby Free Press" is Colby's local newspaper. It publishes four days per week. In addition, Colby Community College publishes a bi-weekly student newspaper, the "Trojan Express".

Colby is a center of broadcast media for northwestern Kansas. One AM and four FM stations are licensed to the city. Colby is in the Wichita-Hutchinson television market.


Ulysses, Kansas

Ulysses (pronounced ) is a city in and the county seat of Grant County, Kansas, United States. It is named after Ulysses S. Grant, the 18th President of the United States. In 2020, 5,788 people lived there.

In 1831, south of the future site of Ulysses, Kansas, (at that time, it was a part of Northern Mexico Territory), explorer Jedediah Smith was killed by Comanche warriors. This was on May 27, 1831. The first Ulysses town was created in June 1885. It was about two miles east of present-day Ulysses. About six weeks later Ulysses' first newspaper, "The Grant County Register", started publishing.

Ulysses is at (37.580055, -101.357532). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

In 2020, there were 5,788 people, 2,084 households, and 1,487 families living in Ulysses. Of the households, 71.6% owned their home and 28.4% rented their home.

The median age was 33.7 years. Of the people, 53.9% were White, 2.0% were Native American, 0.2% were Asian, 0.1% were Black, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 23.1% were from some other race, and 20.6% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 57.4% of the people.

In 2010, there were 6,161 people, 2,140 households, and 1,618 families living in Ulysses.

U.S. Route 160 goes West to east though Ulysses. It goes across the state of Kansas. K-25 (Kansas highway) goes north to south through the city and the state of Kansas.

Ulysses airport (KULS) is in the county. It has a 6,000 ft. x 100' north south (35-17) runway and a second 4'600 x 60' runway (12-30).

Ulysses is in the Wichita-Hutchinson, Kansas television market.


Paola, Kansas

Paola is a city in Miami County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat. In 2020, 5,768 people lived there.

At the start of the 19th century, the area was mostly controlled by the Osage people.

Settlement of the area happened when Kaskaskia, Peoria, Wea, and Piankeshaw tribes were forced to move to the area between 1827 and 1832. These created the Confederated Allied Tribe. It was led by Baptiste Peoria, who was of both French and Indian ethnicity. They called their settlement Peoria Village.

In 1912, James Patterson moved to Paola. He did this to create his winter headquarters for his traveling circus. It was called the Patterson Circus. The circus continued until 1927. A wall mural about it is at 106 W. Peoria. The Patterson's home is still in Paola on the 600 block of north Mulberry. It is the only remaining building from the circus winter headquarters.

Paola is at (38.573599, -94.873456). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Paola has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Paola has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

In 2020, there were 5,768 people, 2,396 households, and 1,440 families living in Paola. Of the households, 60.3% owned their home and 39.7% rented their home.

The median age was 40.5 years. Of the people, 88.2% were White, 2.3% were Black, 0.5% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 0.1% were Pacific Islanders, 1.1% were from some other race, and 7.5% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 3.7% of the people.

In 2010, there were 5,602 people, 2,173 households, and 1,407 families living in Paola.



Iola, Kansas

Iola (pronounced ) is a city along the Neosho River in the northwestern part of Allen County, in southeast Kansas, in the central United States. In 2020, 5,396 people lived there. Iola is the county seat of Allen County. It is named after Iola Colborn.

Iola is at (37.923, -95.400). The city is along the eastern bank of the Neosho River. it is between Deer Creek, to the north, and Rock Creek, to the south, with Coon Creek going through the city. U.S. Route 54 goes through Iola along Madison Street. It interchanges with U.S. Route 169, which goes near the east side of the city. The smaller cities of Gas and La Harpe are a few miles to the east along US-54. The tiny city of Bassett is near Iola's southern border. The city of Humboldt is about to the south along US-169.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

Iola has hot, humid summers and generally mild to cool winters. The Köppen Climate Classification system says that Iola has a humid subtropical climate, abbreviated "Cfa" on climate maps.

In 2020, there were 5,396 people, 2,291 households, and 1,254 families living in Iola. Of the households, 56.5% owned their home and 43.5% rented their home.

The median age was 37.7 years. Of the people, 86.7% were White, 2.6% were Black, 1.4% were Native American, 0.7% were Asian, 1.7% were from some other race, and 7.0% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.0% of the people.

In 2010, there were 5,704 people, 2,357 households, and 1,418 families living in Iola.

Iola has its yearly Farm City Days in mid-October. It's a celebration. It has a parade and a carnival. It started in 1971 when Stanley Dreher, Gary Parker, and Leon Catron tried getting people to go out to the farm. The reason for the event is to show appreciation to its farm-town qualities.



Bus service is provided north towards Kansas City, Missouri and south towards Tulsa, Oklahoma by Jefferson Lines (subcontractor of Greyhound Lines).

Allen County Airport is three miles south of the city. City bus and rail service have stopped.

The "Iola Register" is the local newspaper. It publishes on weekdays and Saturday.


Canute, Oklahoma

Canute is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Capron, Oklahoma

Capron is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Dacoma, Oklahoma

Dacoma is a town of the state of Oklahoma, in the United States.

Carney, Oklahoma

Carney is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Lee County, Mississippi

Lee County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 83,343 people lived there. Its county seat is Tupelo.

Lee County was founded on October 26, 1866, and named for Robert E. Lee.

According to the U.S. Census Bureau, the county has a total area of , of which is land and (0.7%) is water.







Aladdin al-Ayyubi

Aladdin al-Ayyubi (Arabic:علاء الدين الأيوبي)(Born 1958) is a Syrian TV presenter. He died of a heart attack while he was working at his office in Damascus at the age of 57. 

He held a diploma in commerce and economics and a diploma in media. He presented several television and radio programs, most recently he was  the manager director of the Noor al-Sham satellite channel.

Glasgow, West Virginia

Glasgow is a town of West Virginia in the United States.

Cairo, West Virginia

Cairo is a town in the U.S. state of West Virginia.

Cement, Oklahoma

Cement is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Carrier, Oklahoma

Carrier is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Douglas, Oklahoma

Douglas is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Carter, Oklahoma

Carter is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Sweetwater, Oklahoma

Sweetwater is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is in both Beckham and Roger Mills counties.

Texola, Oklahoma

Texola is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Kansas, Oklahoma

Kansas is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. According to the US 2020 census, there were 711 people living there. 

West Siloam Springs, Oklahoma

West Siloam Springs is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Armistead, Louisiana

Armistead is an unincorporated community in Red River Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Cimarron City, Oklahoma

Cimarron City is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Hardesty, Oklahoma

Hardesty is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Goodwell, Oklahoma

Goodwell is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Grainola, Oklahoma

Grainola is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Osage, Oklahoma

Osage is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Fairfax, Oklahoma

Fairfax is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

El Segundo, California

El Segundo is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States.

Greenville, Texas

Greenville is a city of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of Hunt County.

Haskell, Oklahoma

Haskell is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Lincoln County, Mississippi

Lincoln County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 34,907 people lived there. Its county seat is Brookhaven. The county was created on April 7, 1870 and named for Abraham Lincoln, 16th President of the United States (1861–1865).

Cyril, Oklahoma

Cyril is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Lincoln County, New Mexico

Lincoln County is a county in the state of New Mexico in the United States. As of the 2020 census, 20,269 people lived there. The county seat is Carrizozo, and the largest community is Ruidoso.

Lincoln County, Georgia

Lincoln County is a county in the U.S. state of Georgia. As of the 2020 census, 7,690 people lived there. The county seat is Lincolnton.

Cashion, Oklahoma

Cashion is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Sevastopol Naval Base

The Sevastopol Naval Base is a naval base located in Sevastopol, Crimea. It the main base of Russian Navy's Black Sea Fleet.

The base is located in theadministrative territory of Sevastopol. It has several places for ships to dock which includes:


Work to build the port was started in 1772. At the time, the Russo-Turkish War (1768–1774) was happening. Russia had annexed Crimea, and finished the port in 1783. On 13 May 1783, the first eleven ships of the Imperial Russian Navy reached the Sevastopol Bay.

In the Crimean War (1853–1856), all large ships were sunk on purpose in the entrance to the bay. This was done to stop enemy ships from being able to enter the bay. The city defended itself for 349 days against France, the United Kingdom, the Ottoman Empire and Piedmont-Sardinia. On 9 September 1855 the Russians left Sevastopol.

During World War I, the German army took over Sevastopol on 1 May 1918. Later, a few ships from the Black Sea Fleet were sunk by their crews.

During World War II, the Black Sea Fleet of the Soviet Navy was at first able to defend against Nazi Germany. However, after the city defended itself for 250 days, Sevastopol fell to the Germans on 4 July 1942.

After the dissolution of the Soviet Union at the end of 1991, Sevastopol became part of Ukraine. Russia made a treaty with Ukraine to use the base for the Russian Navy. In order to do so, Russia paid an annual amount to Ukraine. Since the Russia took over Crimea in 2014, the base is under Russian control.


Node of Ranvier

Nodes of Ranvier are gaps in the myelin sheath of a nerve cell's axon. They have multiple ion channels, allowing ions to move in or out of the axon at those points.

This means the gaps are not insulated from the spaces which surround them (the intracellular space). When impulses move along an axon, they will seem to "jump" from one node to the next along the axon. This is known as saltatory conduction (Latin "saltare" "to hop or leap").

14 October 2017 Mogadishu bombings

On 14 October 2017, a suicide truck bomb killed 587 people in Mogadishu. It was Somalia's worst terrorist attack.

In the same city on the same day, a car bombing killed two people and a minivan exploded without casualties. 

Yang di-Pertuan Agong

The Yang di-Pertuan Agong (literally 'He Who is Made Lord', Jawi: ), also known as the Supreme Head or the King, is the monarch and head of state of Malaysia. The office was created in 1957, when the Federation of Malaya (now Malaysia) gained independence from the United Kingdom. Malaysia is a constitutional monarchy with an elected monarch as head of state. The Yang di-Pertuan Agong is one of the few elected monarchs in the world. The Yang di-Pertuan Agong is a ruling Sultan of a Malaysian state, and is elected for a term of five years.

In Malaysia's constitutional monarchy, the Yang di-Pertuan Agong has extensive powers within the constitution on paper. The constitution specifies that the executive power of the Federal government is given to the Yang di-Pertuan Agong. However, he is bound to exercise this power on the advice of the Cabinet or a minister acting under Cabinet authority. The Cabinet is headed by the prime minister, appointed by the Yang di-Pertuan Agong from among the elected members of Parliament. Among them, the Yang di-Pertuan Agong has discretionary powers to choose who he wants as the Prime Minister and is not bound by the decision of the outgoing prime minister if no party has won a majority vote (Article 40). It, however, does not afford him the right and authority to dismiss the prime minister. He also can dismiss or withhold consent to a request for the dissolution of Parliament (Article 40). He may discontinue or dissolve Parliament (Article 55) but he can only dissolve Parliament at the request of the Prime Minister (Article 43). He can reject any new laws or amendments to existing laws but if he still withholds permission, it will automatically become law after 30 days from the initial submission to him (Article 66). The queen consort for the Yang di-Pertuan Agong is known as the Raja Permaisuri Agong and the couple are styled in English as "His Majesty" and "Her Majesty".

The 17th and current Yang di-Pertuan Agong is Al-Sultan Ibrahim Iskandar of Johor, replacing Sultan Abdullah of Pahang. He was elected on 27 October 2023 by the Conference of Rulers. He took the oath of office and was sworn in at the Istana Negara on 31 January 2024.

Since the first cycle of ten "Yang di-Pertuan Agong" (1957–1999), the order among the eligible state rulers has followed the order established by that cycle, namely:

Brian Westbrook

Brian Collins Westbrook (born September 2, 1979) is a former American football running back who played for nine seasons in the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the third round of the 2002 NFL Draft after playing college football for Villanova University. Following an eight-year career with the Eagles, in which he earned two Pro Bowl selections in 2004 and 2007, Westbrook signed with the San Francisco 49ers, for whom he played in 2010.

Koy Detmer

Koy Dennis Detmer (born July 5, 1973) is a former American football quarterback. He was drafted by the Philadelphia Eagles in the seventh round of the 1997 NFL Draft. He played college football at Colorado. He is the younger brother of former NFL quarterback Ty Detmer.

Drafted in the 7th round of the 1997 NFL draft, Detmer spent the next 10 years in Philadelphia. He spent most of his career as a backup to quarterback Donovan McNabb and as the place-kick holder for David Akers. His action as a starter was limited to five games in the 1998 season and one game in the 2002 season, in which McNabb was out with a broken ankle. Detmer played well in that game, going 18 of 26 for 227 yards and three total touchdowns (two passing and one rushing). He dislocated his elbow in the fourth quarter of that game and was replaced by third-string quarterback A. J. Feeley. Detmer healed enough to play in the final games of 2002, but head coach Andy Reid decided to stay with Feeley, who was having success. He also saw sporadic playing time in the 2004 and 2005 seasons.

Prior to the 2006 season, Detmer was released after the Eagles brought back A. J. Feeley and signed former Pro Bowl quarterback Jeff Garcia as the backups. He was re-signed on January 2, 2007 by the Eagles to provide a third quarterback for the team's playoff push, with Donovan McNabb out with injury. He was also re-signed to be the kick holder for the Eagles. In 103 NFL games, Detmer has a career passer rating of 61.2 with ten career touchdowns and 14 interceptions thrown. Despite poor passing numbers, Detmer managed to have an 11-year career due to his ability to hold for place-kicks; then-Eagles special teams coach John Harbaugh and Pro Bowl kicker David Akers both spoke highly of Detmer's talent and skill in this area.

List of sultans of Brunei

This is a list of sultans of Brunei.

Jeff Garcia

Jeffrey Jason Garcia (born February 24, 1970) is a former American football and Canadian football quarterback. After attending high school and junior college in Gilroy, California, Garcia played college football at San Jose State University.

A four-time CFL All-Star and four-time NFL Pro Bowl selection, Garcia began his professional football career with the Calgary Stampeders of the Canadian Football League (CFL) as an undrafted free agent in 1994. In 1999, Garcia debuted in the National Football League (NFL) with the San Francisco 49ers. With the 49ers, Garcia made three Pro Bowl appearances (for the 2000, 2001, and 2002 seasons) and led the team to the playoffs in the 2001 and 2002 seasons. Afterwards, Garcia encountered a low point in his career, starting with a lackluster 2003 season with San Francisco then two losing seasons with the Cleveland Browns in 2004 and the Detroit Lions in 2005. With the Philadelphia Eagles, Garcia returned to form late in the 2006 season, starting for an injured Donovan McNabb and leading Philadelphia to the playoffs. Garcia joined the Tampa Bay Buccaneers in 2007 and was the starting quarterback for most games of the 2007 and 2008 seasons. Again, Garcia led Tampa Bay to the playoffs in 2007 and made his fourth career Pro Bowl appearance.

After his stint with Tampa, Garcia returned to the Philadelphia Eagles in 2009 and played only one game.

David Carr (American football)

David Duke Carr (born July 21, 1979) is a former American football quarterback who played in the National Football League (NFL). He was drafted by the Houston Texans first overall in the 2002 NFL Draft. He played college football at Fresno State. Carr also played professionally for the Carolina Panthers, New York Giants, and San Francisco 49ers. He received a Super Bowl ring as a backup for the Giants after their victory over the New England Patriots in Super Bowl XLVI. Carr's status as a number one draft pick and subsequent career has led to him being considered a draft bust.

Big Blue River (Kansas)

The Big Blue River is the biggest tributary of the Kansas River. The river is about long. It goes from central Nebraska into Kansas, until its confluence with the Kansas River at Manhattan.

Its name was given from the Kansa tribe of Native Americans. They lived at its mouth from 1780 to 1830. They called it the Great Blue Earth River.

The river goes through mostly agricultural land. Big towns on the river include: Manhattan, Kansas, Beatrice, Nebraska; Crete, Nebraska; and Seward, Nebraska.

Nebraska and Kansas have an agreement on who gets to use the water. Nebraska has full use of the river's water. However, from May 1 to September 30, Nebraska must allow a certain amount to go into Kansas. There has been no shortage of water in the river.

Guam rail

A Guam rail ("Hypotaenidia owstoni") is a bird that is only found in Guam. It is extinct in the wild.

Pacific Data Images

Pacific Data Images (PDI) was an American computer animation production company that was bought by DreamWorks SKG in 2000. It was renamed PDI/DreamWorks and was owned by DreamWorks Animation.

Founded in 1980 by Carl Rosendahl, PDI was one of the pioneers of computer animation. It produced over 700 commercials, contributed visual effects to more than 70 feature movies, and produced and contributed to many DreamWorks Animation's movies, including the second computer-animated movie ever, "Antz", and movies from the "Shrek" and "Madagascar" franchises

Antz

Antz is a computer animated movie made by DreamWorks Animation. It stars Woody Allen, Sharon Stone, Jennifer Lopez, Sylvester Stallone, Christopher Walken, Dan Aykroyd, Anne Bancroft, Danny Glover and Gene Hackman. Some of the main characters share facial similarities with the actors. It is the first movie to be released by DreamWorks Pictures and the third feature-length computer-animated film after "Toy Story".

Z the worker ant strives to reconcile his own individuality with the communal work-ethic of the ant colony. He falls in love with Princess Bala, Z strives to make social inroads, and then must save the ant colony from the treacherous scheming of the evil General Mandible that threaten to wipe out the entire worker population.

The cast features several actors from movies Allen wrote, starred in and directed, including Stone ("Stardust Memories"), Stallone ("Bananas"), Hackman ("Another Woman"), and Walken ("Annie Hall"). Aykroyd later co-starred in Allen's "The Curse of the Jade Scorpion".




The Paul Daniels Magic Show

The Paul Daniels Magic Show was a British magic show that aired on BBC1 from 9 June 1979 present. The show was presented by entertainer and magician Paul Daniels and his assistant Debbie McGee whom he married in 1988.

Argentine National Museum of History

Argentine National Historical Museum is a museum in Buenos Aires, Argentina. It is dedicated to the history of Argentina. It has exhibits and objects related to the May Revolution and the Argentine War of Independence.

Allegro

Allegro is a tempo marking for classical music. It says that the music is to be played moderately fast. At first, it was also used to describe the character of a piece, but since the 18th century, it is mainly used for the speed. It is faster than Andante, but slower than Presto. Sometimes, the term is translated: Composers such as Claude Debussy and Maurice Ravel used the word "vite", Gustav Mahler wrote Rasch, and Benjamin Britten wrote "Quickly". Most people say that piece that is played allegro should generally be played at speeds of between 120 and 168 beats per minute.

Sometimes Allegro is used in the title of musical pieces, for example the Allegro barbaro by Bela Bartok.

Libby Lane

Elizabeth Jane Holden Lane (born 8 December 1966), known as Libby Lane, is an English priest and bishop in the Church of England. She was born in Buckinghamshire.

She studied at the University of Oxford, graduating in 1989. She was ordained as a deacon in 1993, and became a priest the following year. She was one of the first women to be made a priest in the Church of England.

When the Church of England voted to allow women bishops, she became the first woman to be consecrated as a bishop in January 2015. She became the Bishop of Stockport in the Diocese of Chester. In February 2019, she became the Bishop of Derby.

FATCA agreement between Canada and the United States

The FACTA agreement is an agreement between Canada and the United States that allows the United States to exercise financial control over American citizens and other "US persons" who are resident in Canada. According to this agreement the Canadian tax authorities provide very detailed financial information regarding such people to the American tax authorities.

FATCA was intended to catch tax-cheats, but ended up affecting all Americans living outside of the United States. There are about one million Americans living in Canada. FATCA (Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act) was enacted in 2010, under the Obama administration. The agreement with Canada was concluded in February 2014 when Stephen Harper was Prime Minister of Canada. Americans include, for the purpose of this agreement, "accidental Americans", their non-American families and business partners, and former non-American residents of the United States.

Many other countries have signed similar FATCA agreements with the United States. These agreements affect all "US persons" residing in those countries.

FATCA requires "US persons" to report to the IRS (Internal Revenue Service) the balances of all bank accounts they hold outside of the United States every year. This is done through special forms which all "US persons" must file in addition to the other tax forms which such people must file every year even if they do not reside in the United States.The CRA (Canada Revenue Agency) collects this information from all Canadian banks and transfers this information to the United States.

According to an information notice posted on the Department of Finance Canada website 
"the CRA will not collect the U.S. tax liability of a Canadian citizen if the individual was a Canadian citizen at the time the liability arose " , even though the, "Canada-U.S. tax treaty contains a provision that allows a country to collect the taxes imposed by the other country".


Home Nations

A home nation is one of the four countries that make up the United Kingdom. They are; England, Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.

Cambroraster

Cambroraster falcatus is a stem group (ancestral) arthropod.

Hundreds of specimens were found in the Burgess Shale. It was a large animal (for its day): it was up to 30cm long. It had a horseshoe-shaped carapace, and probably fed by sifting through the sediment with its round mouth lined with hooked spines.

This predator lived more than 500 million years ago. Its fossil has been discovered in Kootenay National Park in the Canadian Rockies. 

"Cambroraster falcatus" is perhaps ancestral to insects, crabs and spiders. The fossils were discovered by palaeontologists from the Royal Ontario Museum and University of Toronto.


Chouteau, Oklahoma

Chouteau is a town in the state of Oklahoma, in the United States.

Sportsmen Acres, Oklahoma

Sportsmen Acres is a town of the state of Oklahoma, in the United States.

Spavinaw, Oklahoma

Spavinaw is a town in Mayes County, Oklahoma, United States. At the 2020 census, there were 350 people living there. It was lower by 19.9 percent from 563 at the 2010 census. Baseball player Mickey Mantle was born here.

Langley, Oklahoma

Langley is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Grand Lake Towne, Oklahoma

Grand Lake Towne is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Fort Cobb, Oklahoma

Fort Cobb is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Lookeba, Oklahoma

Lookeba is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Sterling, Oklahoma

Sterling is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Geronimo, Oklahoma

Geronimo is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Fletcher, Oklahoma

Fletcher is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Salina, Oklahoma

Salina is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Sams Corner, Oklahoma

Sams Corner is a census-designated place (CDP) of Oklahoma in the United States.

Hinton, Oklahoma

Hinton is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Lima, Oklahoma

Lima is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Earlsboro, Oklahoma

Earlsboro is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Pink, Oklahoma

Pink is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Pittsburg, Oklahoma

Pittsburg is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Indianola, Oklahoma

Indianola is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Savanna, Oklahoma

Savanna is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Crowder, Oklahoma

Crowder is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Colcord, Oklahoma

Colcord is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma. It is in southern Delaware County.

Oaks, Oklahoma

Oaks is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Hulbert, Oklahoma

Hulbert is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Carnegie, Oklahoma

Carnegie is a city in Oklahoma, in the United States.

Panama, Oklahoma

Panama is a town in Le Flore County, Oklahoma, United States. It is part of the Fort Smith, Arkansas-Oklahoma Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,269 at the 2020 census.

Saiga-12

The Saiga-12 shotgun is a magazine-loaded, semi-automatic shotgun used by the Russian military. Its design was largely based on the AK-47. It can hold box magazines with up to 10 shells, and it can hold drum magazines with up to 30 shells.

7.62×51mm NATO

The 7.62×51mm NATO is one of the main types of bullets used for battle rifles, sniper rifles, and light machine guns used by NATO countries.

It is based on the .30-06 Springfield catridge. The bullet is the same size, but the case is slightly smaller so soldiers could carry more bullets. It was the main bullet used by NATO until the 5.56×45mm NATO was invented.

Guns that use the 7.62 NATO include the M14, the FN FAL, the G3, the SCAR, the M240, and the M21.

Hiroshi Hara

(ja:原寛) Japanist botanist

This author is usually abbreviated «H.Hara» when citing a botanical name.

Ligularia dentata (A.Gray)H.Hara

7.62×39mm

The 7.62×39mm, pronounced "seven-six-two by thirty-nine", is an intermediate cartridge used for Russian guns.

It was based on the 7.62×54mmR cartridge. The bullet size is the same, but the case is much smaller so that soldiers could carry more bullets. It was made because the Soviet Union learned that full-sized bullets were not needed in most firefights. Most firefights happened in less than 300 meters, or medium- and short-range. At this range, it is more important to have many smaller bullets than a few large bullets.

The bullets are used for guns like the SKS, the AK-47, and the RPK.

Similar to many hunting bullets, it is powerful enough to kill a deer at 100 yards.

Penetration power

Penetration power is how deep a weapon can pierce through or shoot through a surface.

For guns, rifle bullets can usually penetrate, or shoot through, deeper than pistol bullets or shotgun shells because they are narrower and faster. This is why most bullet-proof vests can stop pistol bullets and shotgun shells, but not rifle bullets.

Intermediate cartridge

An intermediate cartridge is a bullet used for assault rifles and some light machine guns. They are not as large as full-sized rifle bullets, and they do not have as much stopping power, penetration power, or effective range. However, more of them can be carried because they are smaller. They still have more stopping power, penetration power, and effective range than most pistol bullets. They are still powerful enough to shoot through most bullet-proof vests and they can kill a fully grown person if aimed well enough. Intermediate cartridges include the Russian 7.62 x 39mm, the 7.62mm NATO, and the German 7.92 Kurz. They are made to be just good enough for most firefights, so they are used for many short- and medium-range guns.

The first standard issue use of intermediate cartridges date back to the late 19th century with the introduction of the 10x4x38mmR round of the Swiss M1870 Vetterli rifle. This cartridge offered controllable handling when firing and a "then" high-capacity magazine of 12 rounds, predating the Lee-Metford rifle. Various other intermediate cartridges were used in World War I with the .345 Winchester Self-Loading and .351 WSL, these were in very limited use in firearms such as the Winchester-Burton M1917 automatic rifle and Winchester Model 1907.

The mainstream use of intermediate cartridges came with the German military making the StG-44. During World War II, the German miltary learned that most firefights happened in fewer than 300 meters. The bolt-action rifles used by most German soldiers were not good enough for short-range because they were too slow to fire, the bullets used for them were too heavy, and the guns kicked back too hard, causing soldiers to lose their accuracy when shooting quickly. Submachine guns were not good enough for medium range because they were less accurate and powerful at longer ranges. At medium-range, German soldiers needed a different kind of gun altogether. They needed a gun that could shoot accurately up to 300 meters, powerful enough to kill a person at that range, and could carry a bullet small enough that soldiers could carry a lot of them. The gun they made to meet these needs was called the StG-44. Rifles that fired these kinds of bullets are called assault rifles, and the StG-44 was the first of these.

The StG-44 fired the 7.92 x 33mm Kurz bullet. The bullet was the same size as the 7.92 x 57mm Mauser, but the case was about half the size. It was not as powerful or accurate at long range, but it was smaller and had less kickback. This made it great at medium ranges. It was used by German soldierd late in the war, mostly on the Eastern Front. Unfortunately for the Germans, the StG-44 was used too late in the war to help them win.

When Soviet soldiers found StG-44's, they too got the idea to make rifles that fired intermediate cartridges. They made the 7.62 x 39mm based the larger 7.62 x 54mmR. Guns the Soviets made that fired the 7.62 x 39mm include the AK-47, the SKS, and the RPK.

During the early part of the Vietnam War, American soldiers though that the 7.62mm NATO bullets were too heavy to carry. To fix this problem, gun designers made a completely new bullet, the 5.56mm NATO. It was a very small bullet, but it had a very high effective range because it had a very high muzzle velocity. This is called a Small Caliber High Velocity (SCHV) bullet. It was not as powerful as the 7.62mm NATO, but the designers believed that wounding soldiers rather than killing them would be more effective. This was because fellow soldiers would have to risk their lives to rescue wounded soldiers. Nonetheless, a well-aimed shot can still kill a person easily. Also, soldiers could carry twice as many 5.56mm NATO bullets. Most medium-range NATO guns today fire the 5.56mm NATO, including the M16, the M4, the SAW M249, the FAMAS, the Steyr AUG, and the G36.

The Soviet Union saw the effectiveness of the 5.56mm NATO, so they hired Mikhail Kalshnikov, the creator of the AK-47, to make a SCHV assault rifle for the Soviets. He made the AK-74, which was based of the AK-47, but it fired a smaller bullet, the 5.45 x 39mm bullet.

5.45×39mm

The 5.45×39mm cartridge is the main bullet made for short- and medium-range guns for the later Soviet and Russian militaries. It is used for guns like the AK-74, the RPK-74, the AN-94, the AK-100 series of rifles, and the AK-12. It is a Small Caliber High Velocity (SCHV) bullet, which means it is very small, but it has a high muzzle velocity and effective range.

After hearing about the success of NATO's new SCHV bullet, the 5.56×45mm NATO, in the Vietnam War, the Soviet Union believed they needed to make their own to be able to fight off NATO. They hired Mikhail Kalashnikov, the creator of the AK-47, to make an SCHV assault rifle. Kalashnikov disliked the idea because he felt the Soviet Union needed to outdo NATO weapons, not copy their ideas. Nonetheless, he made the AK-74, the first gun to fire the 5.45×39mm.

Type-99 light machine gun

The Type-99 light machine gun was a squad automatic weapon used by the Japanese during World War II. It was based on the British Bren LMG, but it had some unusual features. First, it had a bayonet attachment, which is not usually made for LMGs. Second, its magazines had a counter that tells the shooter how many bullets are left.

M1919 Browning machine gun

The M1919 Browning machine gun was a .30-06 Springfield light machine gun that mostly replaced the M1917 during World War II. 

It was one of the earliest air-cooled machine guns. It overheated more quickly than the M1917, which was water-cooled, but it was much lighter. It fired slowly enough so that a soldier who was well-trained in shooting in bursts would not overheat the gun.

The M1919 was well-known for being powerful, accurate, and reliable.

Arisaka rifle

The Arisaka rifles were the main rifles used by the Japanese military from 1897 to 1945. The most famous models were the Type 38 and Type 99 rifles.

Type 92 machine gun

The Type 92 heavy machine gun was the main machine gun used by the Japanese military during World War II. Its heavy weight and slow rate of fire made it a very accurate machine gun. However, its heavy weight also made it impossible to use on the offensive, since it needed to be carried by several soldiers. Also, the bullets needed to be oiled before loading the gun, and not doing so could cause the gun to jam. It fired 30 round belt clips loaded on the side. US soldiers called it the "woodpecker" because it sounded like one from far away.

Urap

Urap is an Indonesian salad dish of steamed vegetables mixed with seasoned and dressed by coconut. "Urap" can be eaten as a salad for vegetarian or as a side dish. "Urap" is usually found as a prerequisite side dish of Javanese "tumpeng", a cone shaped rice mound surrounded with assorted dishes.

Spinach, water spinach, young cassava leaf, papaya leaf, Chinese longbeans, bean sprouts and cabbage.


Premiership of Dean Barrow

The premiership of Dean Barrow began at noon EST on 8 February 2008, when Dean Barrow was inaugurated as the 4th Prime Minister of Belize, succeeding Said Musa. A member of the United Democratic Party (UDP), Barrow was Leader of the Opposition and Area Representative of Queen’s Square constituency at the time of his 2008, general election victory over People’s United Party (PUP) Leader, Said Musa. Barrow and the UDP surge to a landslide victory in that election, winning 25 seats in the House of Representatives, 56.61% of the vote and 66,203 of the popular vote. The UDP Campaign saw that the ruling PUP had made many false and misleading statements during their campaign and also their term in Government. The promises which the PUP promised when they got elected in 1998 and 2003 was not fulfilled at the end of their term. Leaving the UDP to criticise their “empty promises” as “misleading and vindictive”. There were also large-scale of official Corruption. Barrow’s approval rating has been generally stable, hovering form high-40 to mid-50 percent throughout his premiership.

Denmark Place fire

The Denmark Place fire occurred on 16 August 1980 in Denmark Place, Central London, United Kingdom. Petty criminal John Thompson (1938-2008) was a customer at a nightclub. He argued with a bartender because he believed he had been overcharged for a drink there. Thompson was ejected. He returned later that night with petrol and paper, which he used to deliberately set fire to the building, killing 37 people. In May 1981, Thompson was convicted of murder and sentenced to life imprisonment. He was kept in prison until he died. 

President of Vanuatu

The President of Vanuatu is the head of state of Vanuatu.

Central High, Oklahoma

Central High is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Chattanooga, Oklahoma

Chattanooga is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Cooperton, Oklahoma

Cooperton is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Copan, Oklahoma

Copan is a town in Oklahoma, in the United States.

Council Hill, Oklahoma

Council Hill is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Covington, Oklahoma

Covington is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Cowlington, Oklahoma

Cowlington is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Coyle, Oklahoma

Coyle is a town in Oklahoma, in the United States.

Custer City, Oklahoma

Custer City is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Hammon, Oklahoma

Hammon is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Reydon, Oklahoma

Reydon is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Strong City, Oklahoma

Strong City is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Texhoma, Oklahoma

Texhoma is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Okay, Oklahoma

Okay is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Fair Oaks, Oklahoma

Fair Oaks is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Oologah, Oklahoma

Oologah is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Davenport, Oklahoma

Davenport is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Sparks, Oklahoma

Sparks is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

King of the Monsters (video game)

King of the Monsters is a fighting game developed by SNK, released for arcades in Japan in 1991, and ported to the Neo Geo AES later that same year. The game features playable giant monsters that are reminiscent of characters from "kaiju" and "tokusatsu" movies.

In 1992, a sequel titled "King of the Monsters 2" was released for arcades. Months later, "King of the Monsters" was ported to the Super Nintendo Entertainment System. It would then be ported to the Sega Genesis in 1993. It was included in the video game "SNK Arcade Classics Vol. 1", which was released for the Wii, PlayStation 2 and PSP in 2008.


You Gotta Be

"You Gotta Be" is a song recorded by British singer-songwriter Des'ree from her second studio album, "I Ain't Movin<nowiki>'</nowiki>" (1994). It was released in August 1994 through Sony Soho Square Records. Des'ree co-wrote and co-produced the song with Ashley Ingraham. It is a downtempo soul song that ends the chorus with, "Love will save the day."

The song reached the top ten in Australia and the UK, after its re-release in 1999. It also reached the top five in Spain and on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US.

Sandbox (computer security)

A sandbox computer is a computer that is used for running programs that might not be trustworthy such as cracked programs, known viruses or programs downloaded by suspicious websites. These computers are usually virtual machines, however, sometimes they may not be to either appear legitimate or use hardware, such as an unused laptop or an older computer (modern stuff must not be used in case it is capable of damaging the hardware).

2019 El Paso shooting

A mass shooting took place at a Walmart store in El Paso, Texas, United States, on the morning of August 3, 2019. The gunman killed 22 people and injured 24 more. 

The FBI is investigating the shooting as an act of domestic terrorism and a possible hate crime.

Patrick Wood Crusius, age 21, was arrested shortly after the shooting began and charged with capital murder.

The 2019 Dayton shooting occurred the following day.

 

2019 Dayton shooting

A mass shooting happened at a bar in Dayton, Ohio, United States, on August 4, 2019, at 1:05 a.m. Eastern Time. Ten people were killed, including the perpetrator, and at least 27 others were injured. The gunman was killed by police within 30 seconds of the first shots being fired.

A search into the shooter's home found writings that showed interest in killing people. The attack was the second mass shooting in the United States in 13 hours, following one in El Paso, Texas.

Police reported that all the fatalities occurred outside the bar on East 5th Street, and that the shooter's 22-year-old sister, Megan Betts, was among those killed.

Deaths in August 2019

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in August 2019. Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.
































Rivet

A rivet is a type of bolt which fastens plates of metal together. Riveting was a main method of building metal ships, bridges and many other complex metal objects. It was developed in the early industrial revolution from earlier ideas. It is no longer the main method of metal fastening, but examples can be seen all over the world.

The key idea is that the slug of metal is red-hot when hammered into place. This results in the slug of metal having a dumbell shape which holds the two metal sheets together. An automatic jackhammer is used to force the metal into position, so giving a bulb on the inside face away from the pounding. The process (for example, of ship building) was very noisy. As the metal cooled, the two end of the rivet were pulled together, making a tight joint.

To be a riveter was skilled work. The men worked in teams of four: two to heat the rivet and pass it to the two fasteners. It was therefore an expensive process even when it was shortened by mechanising the heating process as in the example shown. 

Rivets could be tested simply by tapping. A rivet tightly set in its hole gives a clear ring, while a loose rivet produces a different sound.

Riveting developed in many ways, and there are many different kinds of rivets. Today riveting has been largely replaced by welding, or by high-strength bolts. However, riveting is still used where light weight and high strength are critical, such as in aircraft. 


Kristina Tremasova

Kristina Tremasova (born on March 13, 1995 in Nizhny Novgorod, Russia) is a Bulgarian ice dancer. Her partner is Dimitar Lichev. She teamed up with Dimitar Lichev in 2009. They participated at the 2011 World Championships in Moscow, ended in 16th place in preliminaries. They also reached 15th place in prelims at 2011 European Championships.


Church Street, Pretoria bombing

The Church Street bombing was a car bombing on 20 May 1983 by Umkhonto we Sizwe, in Pretoria, South Africa. It killed the two bombers (because it exploded ten minutes earlier than they intended) and 17 other people.

Sajid Javid

Sajid Javid (born 5 December 1969) is a British Conservative politician. He was the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care from 2021 to 2022. He was the Secretary of State for Communities and Local Government after being appointed by Prime Minister Theresa May on 14 July 2016. In 2018 Javid became the Home Secretary after Amber Rudd resigned. In July 2019, he became Chancellor of the Exchequer for the Boris Johnson cabinet. He resigned in February 2020.

He was appointed the Secretary of State for Business, Innovation and Skills, on 11 May 2015. Javid previously served as Secretary of State for Culture, Media and Sport from 2014 to 2015. He was Minister for Equalities in 2014. Javid was the Financial Secretary to the Treasury and Economic Secretary. 

Javid was considered a possible candidate for becoming Leader of the Conservative Party. On 27 May 2019, Javid announced his campaign to run for Leader of the Conservative Party in the 2019 election. On 20 June, Javid was eliminated on the fourth ballot.

In July 2022, Javid resigned from Johnson's government causing the government crisis as many other ministers also resigned. He later announced his second candidacy for Conservative Party leader in the leadership race to replace Boris Johnson. A few days later, he withdrew from the race.

Before entering politics Javid worked in finance. He became a vice president at Chase Manhattan Bank at age 25. He later joined Deutsche Bank in London. When he left Deutsche Bank in 2009, he was a senior Managing Director.

Javid is of Pakistani descent.

Gopikrishnan Kottoor

Gopikrishnan Kottoor is a award winning Indian English poet. He is the member of advisory board of Indian Writers Association. He is best known for his poem "Father, Wake Us In Passing". He founded Poetry Chain journal and website with Tapan Kumar Pradhan.

U.S. Route 36

U.S. Route 36 (US 36) is an east–west United States highway. It goes about from Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado to Uhrichsville, Ohio. The highway's western endpoint is at Deer Ridge Junction, which an intersection in Rocky Mountain National Park, Colorado, where it meets US 34. Its eastern endpoint is at US 250 in Uhrichsville, Ohio.


Southern Miss Golden Eagles

The Southern Miss Golden Eagles is the sports team of the University of Southern Mississippi. Men's football, basketball, men's baseball (hardball), and women's softball (baseball) are sponsored sports of the Golden Eagles. 

U.S. Route 50

U.S. Route 50 or U.S. Highway 50 (US 50) is a major east–west route of the U.S. Highway system. It goes over from Interstate 80 (I-80) in West Sacramento, California, to Maryland Route 528 (MD 528) in Ocean City, Maryland, on the Atlantic Ocean. The Interstates were built later. They are mostly separate from this route. The route goes through mostly rural desert and mountains in the western United States. The part of the route that goes through Nevada is known as "The Loneliest Road in America" as it serves many empty towns in the state. In the Midwest, US 50 goes through mostly rural areas of farms, although it does go through a few big cities including Kansas City, Missouri; St. Louis, Missouri; and Cincinnati, Ohio. The route goes into the eastern United States, where it goes through the Appalachian Mountains in West Virginia; then it goes through Washington, D.C. From there, US 50 goes through Maryland as a high-speed road to Ocean City. Signs at each end give the length as , but the actual distance is slightly shorter at around 3,017 miles. This is due to small changes in the route since it was measured. US 50 goes through a total of 12 states; California, Nevada, Utah, Colorado, Kansas, Missouri, Illinois, Indiana, Ohio, West Virginia, Virginia, and Maryland, as well as the District of Columbia.


U.S. Route 54

U.S. Route 54 (US 54) is an east–west United States highway. It goes northeast-southwest for 1,197 miles (2,115 km) from Griggsville, Illinois to El Paso, Texas. It enters and leaves Texas twice. The Union Pacific Railroad's Tucumcari Line (former Southern Pacific and Rock Island Lines "Golden State Route") go parallel to US-54 from El Paso to Pratt, Kansas. That part makes up about two-thirds of the route.

The highway's eastern endpoint is at Interstate 72 in Griggsville, Illinois. Its western endpoint is El Paso, near the United States-Mexico border.


Kar98 rifle

The Kar98 is a German bolt-action rifle and it was the German military's main gun during World War II. It is a carbine version of the G98. The Kar98 was made because the G98 was too long to be used well in small spaces.

At the end of World War II, many German soldiers had to give up their weapons, including the Kar98. Despite it being the main gun used by Nazi Germany, it was often used by Israeli soldiers in the 1947-1949 Palestine War.

Supreme Soviet of the Soviet Union

The Supreme Soviet of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics () was the legislative body of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR), and the only one with the power to approve constitutional amendments. 

The Supreme Soviet elected the USSR's head of state, the Presidium; and appointed the Council of Ministers, the Supreme Court, and the Procurator General of the USSR. 

The body was created in 1936 and was abolished in 1991.

United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine

The United Nations Partition Plan for Palestine, or the 1947 UN Partition Plan, was a plan to split the former British colony of Mandatory Palestine into two different countries adopted on 29 November 1947. It would have been split into six different regions, three belonging to the Palestinians and three to the Israelis, and Jerusalem would have been an international city shared by both countries. The Israelis accepted the plan, but the Palestinians rejected it. The plan was never put into place and this led to the 1947-1949 Palestine War.

Sportacus

Sportacus is the main good guy in the television series "LazyTown", who is a character that promotes exercise and lives in an airship located above LazyTown. Sportacus is played by Magnús Scheving, who also created "LazyTown".

Consumer price index

The consumer price index (CPI) is a way of measuring the overall price level of the consumer goods and services in the economy.

Stourbridge

Stourbridge is a town in the West Midlands, England. In 2011, it had a population of 63,298.

Dudley

Dudley is a town in the West Midlands, England. In 2011, the town had a population of 79,379.

Nature Cat

Nature Cat is an animated children's television series that premiered on November 25, 2015 on PBS Kids and is aimed at children between the ages of 3 and 8, following the adventures of four main characters: Nature Cat, Hal the Dog, Squeeks the Mouse, and Daisy the Bunny. The show has been nominated for a Daytime Emmy Award for "Outstanding Writing in an Animated Program". The series debut in November achieved nearly 3.7 million viewers, and by March it has achieved 69 million video streams across online platforms. As of October 2016, Nature Cat has been renewed for a second and third season. The second season premiered on January 1, 2018. Then the third season premiered on April 18, 2019. In 2021, the show was renewed for a fourth and fifth season. The fourth season premiered on May 9, 2022. The fifth season premiered on April 17, 2023.

The show's soundtrack, "The Green Album", was released on February 16, 2018 through BMG Rights Management (which also owns the song publishing rights to "Nature Cat").

On June 5, 2018, the first DVD "Onward and Pondward" was released. Tomy owns the toy license to "Nature Cat", and has released several stuffed animals of the main characters.

A preschool spin-off series of Nature Cat focusing on Sadie the Dog is yet to be announced.

5 seasons ended on all the 93 episodes and is indeed not cancelled but is not going on anymore longer.

Splash and Bubbles

Splash and Bubbles is an American computer-animated television show created by John Tartaglia.

"Splash and Bubbles" premiered in the USA on November 23, 2016. It is distributed and produced by Herschend Studios.

Gordon Brand Jnr

Gordon Brand Jnr (19 August 1958 – 1 August 2019) was a Scottish professional golfer. He played on the European Tour, winning eight times, and later the European Senior Tour, winning twice. He was born in Kirkcaldy, Scotland.

He played in the 1979 Walker Cup and played twice in the Ryder Cup, in 1987 and 1989. Brand died suddenly on 1 August 2019, aged 60.

Puși Dinulescu

Puşi Dinulescu (; born Dumitru Dinulescu (27 August 1942 – 1 August 2019) was a Romanian playwright, movie, theatre and television director, novelist, poet and polemicist. He received The Bucharest Writers' Association Award (1979) for "Linda Belinda" (a collection of short stories) and The Writers' Union of Romania Award (1985), for his novel "Îngerul contabil".

Dinulescu died on 1 August 2019 in Bucharest of a heart attack at the age of 76.

Ian Gibbons (musician)

Ian Gibbons (18 July 1952 – 1 August 2019) was an English keyboardist. He was known for playing with The Kinks.

Gibbons died on 1 August 2019 at the age of 67 from bladder cancer.

Dee Margo

Donald "Dee" Margo is an American businessman who is currently the mayor of the Texan-Mexican border city, El Paso, Texas. Before becoming mayor, he was a member of the Texas House of Representatives from the 78th district. 

Prime Minister of Cameroon

Under the current Constitution of Cameroon, the Prime Minister of Cameroon is a powerless position. While the Prime Minister is officially appointed to be the head of government, the President has the most of the executive power and can fire the Prime Minister at will.


Sadou Hayatou

Sadou Hayatou (15 February 1942 – 1 August 2019) was a Cameroonian politician. Hayatou was the 4th Prime Minister of Cameroon from 26 April 1991 to 9 April 1992. He was born in Garoua, Cameroon.

Hayatou died on 1 August 2019 at the age of 77.

Simon Achidi Achu

"Pa" Simon Achidi Achu (5 November 1934 – 4 May 2021) was a Cameroonian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Cameroon from 1992 to 1997. He was Minister of Justice from 1972 to 1975. 

Achu was a leading member of the Cameroon People's Democratic Movement (CPDM). He was appointed as Chairman of the National Investment Corporation in 2003, and he was "elected" to the Senate of Cameroon in 2013.

Achu died on 4 May 2021 at a hospital in the United States from an illness, aged 86.

Joseph Ngute

Joseph Dion Ngute (born March 12, 1954) is a Cameroonian politician. He is the 9th and current Prime Minister of Cameroon, following his appointment in January 2019 by President Paul Biya. He replaced Philémon Yang.

President of Cameroon

Under the current Constitution of Cameroon, the President of Cameroon is the head of state and has the most executive power. The authority of the State is done both by the President and by the Parliament.

The office of President of Cameroon was created in 1960, following the country's independence from France.


Ahmadou Ahidjo

Ahmadou Babatoura Ahidjo (24 August 1924 – 30 November 1989) was a Cameroonian politician. He was the first President of Cameroon, holding the office from 1960 until 1982. 

Ahidjo played a major role Cameroon's independence from France as well as reuniting the French and English-speaking parts of the country. He was also the country's first Prime Minister from January 1960 to May 1960.

Ahidjo resigned from the presidency in 1981, and Paul Biya replaced him. He was accused of being behind a coup plot against Biya in 1984. He was sentenced to death, but he died of a heart attack on 30 November 1989 at the age of 65.

Federal Chancellor of Switzerland

The Federal Chancellor (; ; ; ) is the head of the Federal Chancellery of Switzerland. It acts as the general staff of the seven-member Federal Council. The Swiss Chancellor is not a member of the government.

The Federal Chancellor is elected for a four-year term by the Federal Assembly. The current Chancellor, Viktor Rossi who began his term on 1 January 2024.


Walter Thurnherr

Walter Thurnherr (born 11 July 1963) is a Swiss politician. He was the 16th Federal Chancellor of Switzerland from 1 January 2016 until 31 December 2023.

François Couchepin

François Couchepin (19 January 1935 – 23 February 2023) is a Swiss lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland (FDP). He was the 13th Chancellor of Switzerland from 1991 to 1999.
Couchepin died on 23 February 2023, at the age of 88.


Annemarie Huber-Hotz

Annemarie Huber-Hotz (16 August 1948 – 1 August 2019) was a Swiss politician. She was the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland between 2000 and 2007. She was nominated by the FDP for the office, and elected to it on 15 December 1999. 

In 2011, she became President of the Swiss Red Cross and ex officio vice-president of the IFRC.

Huber-Hotz died on 1 August 2019 at the age of 70 from a heart attack.

Ueli Maurer

Ulrich "Ueli" Maurer (born 1 December 1950) is a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council from 2009 to 2022. In 2019, he was the President of the Swiss Confederation. He is a member of the Swiss People's Party.

René Felber

René Felber (14 March 1933 – 18 October 2020) is a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council (1987–1993). In 1980/81, he was the floor leader of the Social Democratic Party in the Federal Parliament. He was elected to the Swiss Federal Council on 9 December 1987 as member of the Canton of Neuchâtel and for the Social Democratic Party.

Milovan Minja Prelević

Milovan Minja Prelević (28 February 1970 – 1 August 2019) was a Montenegrin football coach and player. 

Milovan´s football career started in the FK Kom from Podgorica. Later on he played in FK Crvena Stijena, FK Budućnost, OFK Belgrade and FK Obilić. Milovan played for youth national team of Montenegro.

He stops with the active playing football quite early and becomes devoted to the coaching instead. His coaching job starts at FK Budućnost. He even worked in OFK Petrovac, FK Kom, FK Mladost, Montenegro U-19 national team and Hajer FC. 

He was coach with UEFA PRO license and lecturer at the UEFA school of coaches of Montenegro.

On August 1, 2019, Prelević was found dead at his apartment at the age of 49.


Deepak Obhrai

Deepak Obhrai (July 5, 1950 – August 2, 2019) was a Tanzania-born Canadian politician. He represented the riding of Calgary East (until 2015) and Forest Lawn (from 2015) for the Reform Party of Canada and then the Conservative Party of Canada from 1997 until his death in 2019.

Obhrai was the Parliamentary Secretary to the Minister of Foreign Affairs. He was the first and only Hindu to become an MP in Canada, and at the time of his death was the longest continuously-serving Conservative MP.

He ran in the 2017 Conservative Party of Canada leadership election, but was defeated in the first round of voting.

Obhrai died in Calgary on August 2, 2019 from liver cancer, aged 69.

Schoschana Rabinovici

Schoschana Rabinovici ("née" Suzanne Weksler; November 14, 1932 – August 2, 2019) was a Holocaust survivor. She was the author of the memoir "Dank meiner Mutter" (1994) which was published in the United States in 1998 under the title "Thanks to My Mother". She survived Vilnius Ghetto and the Kaiserwald and Stutthof Nazi concentration camps as a young girl (ages 8 to 12).

Jocelyne Roy-Vienneau

Jocelyne Roy-Vienneau (1956 – August 2, 2019) was a Canadian politician. She was the 31st Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick. She was sworn in on October 23, 2014.

She was the viceregal representative of Queen Elizabeth II of Canada in the Province of New Brunswick.

Roy-Vinneau died at the age of 63 from cancer on August 2, 2019 in Bathurst, New Brunswick, after first being diagnosed in May 2018.

Alexandra Strelchenko

Alexandra Ilinichna Strelchenko (; 2 February 1937 – 2 August 2019) was a Ukrainian actress and singer. She was a performer of Russian folk songs, Russian romances and pop songs. She was awarded the People's Artist of the RSFSR in 1984.

From 1976 to 1980 she studied at the Gnessin State Musical College. From 2002, she had been a professor at Moscow State Art and Cultural University.

Miklós Ambrus

Miklós Ambrus (31 May 1933 – 3 August 2019) was a Hungarian water polo player. He was born in Eger. He competed in the 1964 Summer Olympics. He won the gold medal at the Olympics.

Ambrus died in Budapest on 3 August 2019 at the age of 86.

Jean-Claude Bouttier

Jean-Claude Bouttier (13 October 1944 – 3 August 2019) was a French actor and professional boxer. 

During his boxing career, which spanned from 1965 to 1974, he won 64 out of 72 bouts, 43 of them by knockout. 

In June 1971 he won the European Boxing Union (EBU) middleweight title, and in 1972 and 1973 unsuccessfully was part of the WBC and WBA titles against Carlos Monzon. He lost the EBU title to Kevin Finnegan in May 1974.

Cliff Branch

Clifford Branch Jr. (August 1, 1948 – August 3, 2019) was an American professional football player. He was a wide receiver with the Oakland/Los Angeles Raiders during his entire 14-year National Football League (NFL) career. 

He won three NFL championships with the Raiders in Super Bowl XI, XV and XVIII. He was selected by the Raiders in the fourth round of the 1972 NFL Draft after playing college football for the Colorado Buffaloes. 

Branch was born in Houston, Texas. He died in Bullhead City, Arizona on August 3, 2019 at the age of 71. 

Brian Lochore

Sir Brian James Lochore (3 September 1940 – 3 August 2019) was a New Zealand rugby union player and coach. He captained the New Zealand national team, the All Blacks. He played at number 8 and lock, as well as captaining the side 46 times (18 of those tests).

In 1999, Lochore was added into the International Rugby Hall of Fame.

Lochore died of bowel cancer in Masterton, New Zealand on 3 August 2019 at the age of 78.

President of Palau

The President of the Republic of Palau is the head of government and head of state of Palau. The president is directly elected to a four-year term, and can be reelected once.

All officeholders are political independents. 

Thomas Remengesau Jr.

Thomas Esang "Tommy" Remengesau Jr. is a Palauan politician. He became Palau's president in 2013 and was re-elected in 2016. He also served as president from 2001 to 2009 and was a Senator in the Palau National Congress in between.

Remengesau aimed to reduce Palau's reliance on U.S. aid by boosting tourism with the slogan "Preserve the Best and Improve the Rest." This means preserving the rich marine resources around Palau, known for its top-tier underwater attractions. In international affairs, he elevated Palau's status in the United Nations and led environmental initiatives like the Micronesian Challenge. He's a strong advocate for addressing global warming in the South Pacific.

Remengesau was born in Koror, Palau. His father, Thomas Remengesau Sr., held various important roles in Palau, including District Administrator and Vice President. His mother, Ferista Esang Remengesau, also served as First Lady of Palau. Remengesau studied at Grand Valley State University in Allendale, Michigan, USA, and graduated from there.

Thomas Esang "Tommy" Remengesau Jr. embarked on his political career at a young age. At just 28, he targeted the youth voting bloc in Palau and emerged as a prominent advocate for the nation's youth. In 1984, he clinched a historic victory, becoming Palau's youngest senator. His election was a testament to his grassroots campaign and widespread support from the youth.

He later ascended to the role of Vice-President of Palau in 1992 and successfully served two terms in this position. Additionally, he held the important portfolio of Minister of Administration. In the year 2000, with the endorsement of outgoing President Kuniwo Nakamura, he secured the presidential election, defeating his opponent by a margin of 52% to 46%. Remengesau's triumph in the 2004 re-election was even more decisive, with a victory margin of 66.5% to 33.5%. This race was marked by rumors of potential financial influence from Taipei and Beijing.

After completing his presidential term, Remengesau announced his candidacy for a senatorial seat in the Palauan Senate in 2008. Despite his extensive political experience, he came in 11th place in the election.

Following his presidency, legal issues arose concerning property disclosure. While these charges primarily revolved around technical aspects related to the filing of personal assets under the Code of Ethics law, they led to an investigation and legal proceedings. Remengesau emerged from this trial with insights into the importance of asset disclosure for public officials.

In 2013, Remengesau assumed office for his second term as President, winning the Palauan election of 2012. His commitment to environmental initiatives garnered significant recognition. He received prestigious awards such as the Pacific Champion Award and the United Nations' Champion of the Earth title in 2013, as well as the Inspiring Conservation Award and the IGFA Conservation Award in 2014. In 2016, he continued his mission, earning the Peter Benchley Ocean Award for Excellence in National Stewardship.

For his efforts in raising awareness about the vulnerability of Palau to sea-level rise, Remengesau made an appearance in the 2016 documentary film "Before the Flood."

In the November 2016 election, he faced a formidable challenge from his brother-in-law, Senator Surangel Whipps Jr., in his bid for a fourth presidential term. Despite a competitive race, Remengesau secured victory with 5109 votes compared to Whipps' 4854.

Kuniwo Nakamura

Kuniwo Nakamura (; November 24, 1943 – October 14, 2020) was a Palauan politician. He was the President of Palau from 1993 to 2001. He earlier was Vice President of Palau from 1989 to 1993.

Nakamura died on October 14, 2020 at the age of 76.

John Philip Saklil

John Philip Saklil (20 March 1960 – 3 August 2019) was an Indonesian prelate of the Catholic Church who was Bishop of Timika from 2004 until his death in 2019.

Saklil died on 3 August 2019 in Timika at the age of 59.

Mike Troy

Michael Francis Troy (October 3, 1940 – August 3, 2019) was an American swimmer. He was a two-time Olympic champion, and world record-holder in three events.

Troy broke the world record in the 200-meter butterfly six consecutive times before it was taken over by fellow American swimmer Carl Robie in 1961. In 1971 he was inducted into the International Swimming Hall of Fame.

Troy died on August 3, 2019 in Arizona at the age of 78.

Ernie Bowman

Ernest Ferrell Bowman (July 28, 1935 – August 4, 2019) was an American professional baseball player. He was an infielder who appeared in 165 games in Major League Baseball for the San Francisco Giants from 1961 to 1963.

He retired in 1969. Bowman died at his home in Johnson City, Tennessee on August 4, 2019 at the age of 84.

Prime Minister of Cambodia

The Prime Minister of the Kingdom of Cambodia (, ) is the head of government of Cambodia.

The prime minister is also the chairman of the Cabinet and leads the executive branch of the Royal Cambodian Government.

The prime minister is required to be a member of parliament, and is appointed by the monarch for a term of five years.

Since 1945, 36 individuals have served as prime minister; 32 as official prime ministers, and 4 in acting capacities.

The incumbent prime minister, since 2023, is Hun Manet of the Cambodian People's Party.

King Norodom Sihanouk held the position in March of 1945 during the time when Cambodia was a French protectorate. Sihanouk worked with Imperial Japan and declared independence from France on March 12, 1945. On 18 March, he said that he was the Prime Minister of Cambodia and formed the first government. It lasted until August 1945, when Sun Ngoc Thanh took the position.

The CPP-FUNCINPEC coalition of 1993 made it so that Hun Sen and Prince Norodom Ranariddh were both Prime Minister.

André Goosse

André Goosse (16 April 1926 – 4 August 2019) was a Belgian grammarian. He was known for his works on "Le Bon Usage". In 1988, he married the Belgian writer France Bastia. He was a professor at the Université Catholique de Louvain. He was also the president of the Conseil international de la langue française.

Groosse died on 4 August 2019, at the age of 93.

Willi Tokarev

Vilen Tokarev (11 November 1934 – 4 August 2019), known professionally as Willi Tokarev, was a Russian-American singer-songwriter. He was known for his 80s music about life as a Russian immigrant in New York. In 1973, Tokarev's song "Murmanchanochka" ("Murmansk Girl") became a huge local hit.

Tokarev died on August 4, 2019 from cancer in Moscow, aged 84.

Bob Wilber

Robert Sage Wilber (March 15, 1928 – August 4, 2019) was an American jazz clarinetist, saxophonist, and band leader. He was popular in the 1950s and 1960s, including Bobby Hackett, Benny Goodman, Sidney Bechet, Jack Teagarden and Eddie Condon. 

In the late 1960s, he was an original member of the World's Greatest Jazz Band, and in the early 70s of Soprano Summit, a band which gained wide attention. In the late 1970s, he formed the Bechet Legacy Band.

Wilber died at the age of 91 in Chipping Campden, England on August 4, 2019.

Josef Kadraba

Josef Kadraba (29 September 1933 – 5 August 2019) was a Czech football player. He played for Czechoslovakia, playing 17 matches and scoring 9 goals. He attended the 1962 FIFA World Cup, where Czechoslovakia won the silver medal.


Bjorg Lambrecht

Bjorg Lambrecht (2 April 1997 – 5 August 2019) was a Belgian cyclist. He rode for UCI WorldTeam . In August 2018, he was named in the startlist for the 2018 Vuelta a España. 

Lambrecht died on 5 August 2019 after crashing into a concrete tunnel during the third stage of the 2019 Tour de Pologne, at age 22.

Asif Mohseni

Grand Ayatollah Muhammad Asif Mohseni () (Sheik Mohseni) (26 April 1935 – 5 August 2019) was an Afghan politician and religious leader. He was seen as the most powerful Twelver shia Marja' in Afghanistan. He was the founder of the Islamic Movement of Afghanistan ("Harakat-I Islami-yi Afghanistan"). He was a Shia Pashtun. He was born in the city of Kandahar, Afghanistan. 

Mohseni died on 2 August 2019 in Kabul at the age of 84.

Alejandro Serrano

Nicanor Alejandro Serrano Aguilar (13 January 1933 – 6 August 2019) was an Ecuadorian politician and sports leader. He was born in Cuenca, Ecuador. Serrano was Vice President of Ecuador from 5 May 2005 to 15 January 2007. National Congress of Ecuador elected him to fill vacancy of Vicepresidency when Alfredo Palacio became President of Ecuador. Serrano has been a mayor, councilman, sports leader and civil engineer.

Serrano died on 6 August 2019 at a hospital in Cuenca from surgery-related problems, aged 86.

Vice President of Ecuador

The Vice President of Ecuador is the second highest political position in Ecuador. In many instances, the vice president succeeded the president in turbulent political situations. The last time was in 2005 after the resignation of president Lucio Gutiérrez. According to the current constitution, the vice president is elected on the same ticket as the president.

Below is the history of the office holders. The list is complete.

Pedro Pierluisi

Pedro Rafael Pierluisi Urrutia (born April 26, 1959) is a Puerto Rican attorney, lobbyist, and politician. He is the Governor of Puerto Rico since January 2, 2021.
Pierluisi was the "de facto" Governor of Puerto Rico. He was sworn-in on August 2, 2019. Five days later, the Puerto Rico Supreme Court ruled that Pierluisi was sworn in on unconstitutional grounds and removed him from office, effective 5 p.m. AST on August 7.

He was the Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico in 2009–2017, as well as the Secretary of Justice of Puerto Rico in the 1990's. Pierluisi, a member of New Progressive.

On January 2, 2021, Pierluisi was sworn in. there was a private ceremony in which he was sworn in by the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, Maite Oronoz Rodríguez. This was followed by a controversial public ceremony on the north side of the Puerto Rican Capitol, where Pierluisi took the oath of office publicly in front of 400 guests during the COVID-19 pandemic and delivered his inagural speech.

In February 2021, Pedro Pierluisi, said Congress was "morally obligated" to respond to last year's referendum.

On March 15, 2021, Pedro Pierluisi indicated that the state of emergency related to maritime transport from the main island to Vieques and Culebra would remain in effect until 2022 when the ferry transport system would be privatized. After group protests against the inadequate ferry service, which led to clashes between police and protesters, Pedro Pierluisi said he supported the actions of the "Fuerzas Unidas de Rapida Acción", the local branch of the forces of security involved in the demonstration.

On March 20, 2022, the assembly general assembly of the Nouveau Parti Progressist, the governor Pedro Pierluisi announcing that he had issued a second mandate. In an interview on August 28, 2022, it was confirmed that the press said it was now open..

In February 2023, Pedro Pierluisi pleaded before the Senate in Washington D.C. for the United States of America to approve the bill which provides for an electoral consultation in Puerto Rico between the options of American statehood, independence or of independence in free association with the United States of America..

Sushma Swaraj

Swaraj was the Minister of External Affairs of India in the first Narendra Modi government (2014 – 2019). She was the second woman to hold the office, after Indira Gandhi.

She was elected seven times as a Member of Parliament and three times as a Member of the Legislative Assembly.

At the age of 25 in 1977, she became the youngest cabinet minister of Indian state of Haryana. She also served as 5th Chief Minister of Delhi for a short duration in 1998.

On 6 August 2019, Swaraj died of a heart attack at a hospital in New Delhi, aged 67.
She said in Februrary 2016, that the Romani people are children from India.

Molar heat capacity

The molar heat capacity of a substance is the energy needed to raise the temperature of one mole of it by one degree Celsius.

When using SI units, it can be calculated with the equation formula_1
where formula_2 refers to the molar heat capcity (in joules per Kelvin), formula_3 to the heat supplied (in joules) and formula_4 (in Kelvin) to the temperature change in the substance.

The molar heat capacity of a given substance can be found by heating the substance by releasing a known amount of energy into the substance and measuring the temperature change.

For example, a common school experiment to find the molar heat capacity of water involves heating a beaker of water with an immersion heater (that can display the heat released in joules on a display) and stirring the water, while checking the temperature at specific intervals.

For more accurate results, a bomb calorimeter can be used; these contain a chamber of fuel (in this case, a compound that will release heat when needed) inside a chamber of water, with the water chamber protected by heat-proof walls (to ensure minimal heat loss, which would affect the final heat capacity recorded).

Spontaneity (chemistry)

The spontaneity of a process refers to whether or not the reaction would occur without an input of energy, because of the value of the reaction's Gibbs free energy.

The Gibbs free energy is given by:

where formula_2 refers to the Gibbs free energy, formula_3to the enthalpy change, formula_4 to the temperature (in Kelvin) and formula_5 to the entropy change.

If the Gibbs free energy change is 0 or negative, the reaction is said to be spontaneous and can occur without an input of energy into the system. If the Gibbs free energy were above 0, the reaction would not be spontaneous and would require an input of energy in order for it to proceed.

In equilibrium reactions, a reaction one way will be spontaneous, while the reverse reaction will be non-spontaneous. Therefore, using a general formula for equilibria:

<chem>A <=> B + C</chem>

If the formation of compounds formula_6 and formula_7 from formula_8 were spontaneous, the formation of compound formula_8 from formula_6 and formula_7 would be non-spontaneous.

An example of a spontaneous process is the conversion of diamond into graphite, because graphite has a more thermodynamically stable structure. An example of a non-spontaneous process would be the combustion of methane in oxygen to form carbon dioxide and water, as this requires an input of energy.

Peep and the Big Wide World

Peep and the Big Wide World is an American animated kids' TV series. It was created by Kaj Pindal.

"Peep and the Big Wide World" was based on the 1988 short movie "Peep and the Big Wide World". The movie was produced by the National Film Board of Canada. The short was based on the 1962 short "The Peep Show". It was also produced by the National Film Board of Canada.

"Peep and the Big Wide World" premiered on April 12, 2004 on Discovery Kids and on TLC as part of their "Ready Set Learn" children's block. On the same day, it also premiered on TVOKids and Discovery Kids.

It ended on the Discovery Children's networks on October 10, 2010. It ended with the end of "Ready Set Learn" and the replacement of Discovery Kids with The Hub. The program is still offered to public television stations by independent public television distributor Discovery Communications. Since January 1, 2018, the series was distributed by both Discovery Kids and APT. The program was underwritten by the National Science Foundation. Northrop Grumman underwrote the fourth season in 2009.

Each episode had two 9-minute animated stories. They also had two 2-minute live action segments. In these segments, children explore and demonstrate the same topics that were shown in the animated segment.

On January 1, 2018, Peep and the Big Wide World was picked up on the 24-hour PBS Kids channel, marking the first time to air the series for PBS member stations, which never acquired the series since it's original run in 2004. The broadcast of the series ended on December 26, 2021, when it was replaced with reruns of Dinosaur Train to the 7:30 a.m. weekend morning timeslot. And then on February 1, 2023, Peep and the Big Wide World returned picked up on the 24-hour PBS Kids channel, marking the first time to air the series for PBS member stations, which never acquired the series since it's original run in 2004.

Immobilized enzyme

An immobilized enzyme is an enzyme that is attached to an inert, insoluble material. This can provide a higher resistance to changes in condition such as pH or temperature.

Immobilised enzymes can be important for commercial uses as they have many benefits to the cost and processes of the reaction such as:


U.S. Route 56

U.S. Route 56 (US 56) is an east–west United States highway. It goes for in the Midwestern United States. The highway's eastern endpoint is at U.S. Route 71 in Kansas City, Missouri. Its western endpoint is at Interstate 25 Business in Springer, New Mexico. Much of it follows the Santa Fe Trail.

The highway goes through New Mexico, Oklahoma, Kansas, and Missouri. It also touches a corner of Texas at a small road junction near the New Mexico/Oklahoma border.


U.S. Route 160

U.S. Route 160 (US 160) is a 1,465 mile (2,358 km) long east–west United States highway in the Midwestern and Western United States. The western endpoint of the route is at US 89, five miles (8 km) west of Tuba City, Arizona. The eastern endpoint is at US 67 and Missouri 158, southwest of Poplar Bluff, Missouri.

Its route was made famous in song in 1975. This is because the road from Wolf Creek Pass to Pagosa Springs, Colorado in C.W. McCall's country music song "Wolf Creek Pass".



U.S. Route 166

U.S. Route 166 (US 166) is a west–east United States highway. This route and US-266 are the only two remaining parts of historic U.S. Route 66 (which was decommissioned in 1985), since US-666 was renumbered to US-491 in 2003.

US-166 meets the old route of US-66, now designated US-69 Alternate, in Baxter Springs in the southeast corner of Kansas.


U.S. Route 69

U.S. Route 69 (US 69) is a major north–south United States highway. When it was first created, it was only long. It has been expanded into a Minnesota to Texas cross-country route. The highway's southern endpoint (as well as those of US 287 and US 96) is in Port Arthur, Texas at an intersection with State Highway 87. Its northern endpoint is in Albert Lea, Minnesota at Minnesota State Highway 13.


U.S. Route 270

U.S. Route 270 (US 270) is a spur of US 70. It goes for from Liberal, Kansas at US 54 to White Hall, Arkansas at Interstate 530 (I-530) and US 65. It goes through the states of Arkansas, Oklahoma, and Kansas. It goes through the cities of Oklahoma City, Oklahoma, Hot Springs, Arkansas, and McAlester, Oklahoma.

US 270 starts in the southeast part of Liberal, Kansas. It is at an intersection with US 83 (running north–south through the intersection) and US 54. US 270 follows the south partg of this intersection, following US 83 south. US 270 only goes in Kansas before it goes into Oklahoma. Seward County is the only Kansas county that US-270 is in.


U.S. Route 73

U.S. Route 73 (US 73) is a north–south United States highway. it goes for from northeast Kansas to southeast Nebraska. The highway's southern endpoint is Bonner Springs, Kansas at I-70. Its northern endpoint is near Dawson, Nebraska at US 75.

U.S. Route 73 starts at I-70 in Kansas City. It goes along with U.S. Route 24, U.S. Route 40, and K-7. Two miles north of its endpoint, US 24 and US 40 turn west; US 73 continues north with K-7. It goes north with K-7 through Lansing, where it intersects K-5. US 73 and K-7 then go through Leavenworth. It goes northwestern from Leavenworth. It meets K-192 near Easton. At Atchison, it turns west. At Atchison, K-7 ends. US 73 goes along with U.S. Route 59. It goes west. It then turns northwest near Lancaster at its intersection with K-9. It goes through Huron. It goes along with K-20 near Everest. It goes west into Horton, and it intersects U.S. Route 159. The two highways go north together, and they meet U.S. Route 36 at Hiawatha. After going northwest through Reserve, US-73 and US-159 turn north and enter Nebraska.


U.S. Route 75

U.S. Route 75 is a major north–south U.S. Highway. It goes in the central United States. The highway's northern endpoint is in Noyes, Minnesota, at the Canada–US border. Its southern endpoint is at Interstate 30 and Interstate 45 in Dallas, where it is called North Central Expressway.

U.S. 75 was a cross-country route. It went from Canada to the Gulf of Mexico at Galveston, Texas. However, the entire part south of Dallas has not been used in favor of Interstate 45. That part became Texas State Highway 75.



Roberto Totaro

Roberto Totaro (born 1957 in Belluno) is an Italian cartoonist. He is famous for the comic "Nirvana", also translated into Spanish.

Roberto Totaro was born in 1957 in Belluno, in northern Italy, and studied at Artistic Liceo (High School) and L'accademia di Belle Arti di Venezia (University of Art in Venice). He started his career during the 80's, learning from the Disney author Luciano Gatto, and drawing comics for the italian magazine Topolino (italian for Mickey Mouse).

U.S. Route 77

U.S. Route 77 (US 77) is a major north–south United States highway. It goes for 1305 miles in the central United States. As of 2005, the highway's northern endpoint is in Sioux City, Iowa, at an interchange with Interstate 29. Its southern endpoint is in Brownsville, Texas, at Veteran's International Bridge on the U.S.-Mexico border.

The road does not have signs in and around Dallas, Texas. The route has major freeway parts in Oklahoma City. It includes the Broadway Extension part, which connects suburban Edmond to downtown Oklahoma City.

US-77 goes for in Kansas. It is a Blue Star Memorial Highway between the U.S. 40 junction and the Cowley County line. In Cowley County, it is called the Robert B. Docking Memorial Highway. Near Arkansas City, it is called the Walnut Valley Greenway.

From Nebraska to U.S. 24 and from K-15 to Arkansas City, it is part of the National Highway System.


Sio (cartoonist)

Simone Albrigi (born 8 October 1988, Verona, Italy) better known as "Sio" is an Italian cartoonist and youtuber.

He was educated at Ca' Foscari University of Venice.

In 2006 he joined the group Shockdom and he pubblished his first Comic "L'uomo scottecs". The English version of the comic was released in 2012.

Sio became a father in 2019, and on 30th May, he published his first videogame "Super Cane Magic ZERO - Legend of the Cane Cane".

U.S. Route 81

U.S. Route 81 or U.S. Highway 81 (US 81) is a major north–south U.S. highway. It goes for in the central United States. It is one of the original United States Numbered Highways created in 1926 by the American Association of State Highway Officials.

The route of US 81 follows that of the old Meridian Highway which dates back as early as 1911. The highway has alternately (and unofficially) been known as part of the Pan-American Highway. In the part in the state of Oklahoma, the highway closely follows the old Chisholm Trail for cattle drives from Texas to railheads in Kansas in the 1860s and 1870s.

As of 2004, the highway's northern endpoint is just north of Pembina, North Dakota, at the Canadian border.

Its southern endpoint is in Fort Worth, Texas, at an intersection with I-35W and US 287. Between 1926 and 1991, US 81's southern endpoint was at the Mexican border in Laredo, Texas. In 1991, the endpoint was moved to San Antonio.


U.S. Route 83

U.S. Route 83 (US 83) is a major north–south U.S. Highway. It goes in the central United States. Only four other north–south routes are longer: U.S. Routes 1, 41, 59, and 87. The highway's northern endpoint is north of Westhope, North Dakota, at the Canada–United States border. The southern endpoint is in Harlingen, Texas.



U.S. Route 400

U.S. Route 400 (US 400) is a mostly east–west U.S. Highway. It was created in 1994. The highway's western endpoint is in Granada, Colorado, at an intersection with US 385. The highway's eastern endpoint is southwest of Joplin, Missouri, near Loma Linda, at an interchange with Interstate 44. It originally ended in Garden City, Kansas; in 1996 it was made longer to its current western endpoint. Its route number does not follow the usual AASHTO numbering scheme, as there is no "parent" US 0.

US 400 begins in Granada at an intersection with US 385. It then goes along with US 50 through Holly east to the Kansas border.

US-400 and US-50 enter Kansas west of Coolidge. They go together through Garden City, where it intersects US-83. They separate at Dodge City. This is where it intersects US-56 and US-283. It goes southeast from Dodge City and first intersects US-54 at Mullinville.

US-400 and US-54 start going together at Mullinville. This goes through Greensburg, Pratt and Kingman before going into Wichita. While in Wichita, US-400 and US-54 intersect Interstate 235. It goes along with US-81 and Interstate 135. K-96 provides a short freeway connection to Interstate 35, which is also the Kansas Turnpike. At Augusta, US-400 and US-54 goes along with US-77. US-400 separates at Haverhill.
US-400 goes east through several small towns before turning southeast to go through the Fredonia area. It intersect US-75 at Neodesha. After going along with US-75, it turns east. It intersects U.S. Route 169 near Morehead and then US-59 near Parsons. Then it intersects US-69 south of Pittsburg. It then turns south with US-69. At Crestline, it follows US-69A south to Riverton. US-400 then turns east with US-166 at Baxter Springs. The two highways go eastward into Missouri.

US 400, along with US 166, ends at I-44 about one mile (1.6 km) east of the Kansas-Missouri state line. It is three miles (5 km) west of Joplin.


Tyson Foods

Tyson Foods, Inc. is an American multinational corporation based in Springdale, Arkansas. It is in the food industry. The company is the world's second biggest processor and marketer of chicken, beef, and pork after JBS S.A.. Every year, it exports the biggest percentage of beef out of the United States. It operates major food brands, including Jimmy Dean, Hillshire Farm, Sara Lee, Ball Park, Wright Brand, Aidells, and State Fair. Tyson Foods ranked No. 80 in the 2018 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue.

The company was created by John W. Tyson in 1935. World War II helped their business because chicken was not included in foods that were rationed. As of 2014, the company has 115,000 employees. They have more than 300 facilities, over 100 of which are in the US.


National Beef

National Beef is an American food company. They are a beef processor. The company is headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri, United States. They make fresh, chilled, and further processed beef and beef by-products for customers worldwide. The company’s main focuses include branded box beef, consumer ready beef, portion control beef and wet blue leather.

National Beef is the United States’s fourth biggest beef processor. They make more than $7 billion every year.

Between 1991 and 1994, several accidental and unrelated employee deaths happened. The company faced legal prosecution. The cases ended with settlements.

Saline River (Kansas)

The Saline River is a tributary of the Smoky Hill River in the central Great Plains of North America. The entire river is in the U.S. state of Kansas in the northwest part of the state. The river got its name from the French translation of its Native name Ne Miskua. It refers to how salty the river is.

The Saline River starts in the High Plains of northwestern Kansas. The south tributary of the river rises near the Sherman County-Thomas County line. The north tributary rises in central Thomas County. The confluence of the two rivers are in Sheridan County roughly northwest of Grinnell, Kansas. From this confluence, the Saline River goes east for through the Smoky Hills region of north-central Kansas. It joins the Smoky Hill River about 1 mile south of New Cambria, Kansas in Saline County. The Saline is slow and can't be used for transportation. It has no major tributaries. It has a riverbed of sand and mud.

The Saline River goes through these counties:

The first recorded reference to the Saline River was on October 18, 1724, by French explorer Etienne Venyard de Bourgmont. He wrote that he found a "small river where the water was briny." Bourgmont was on his way to discuss a peace treaty with the Padouca. Their "Grand Village" was on the Saline River's banks. In 1806, an American journey led by Zebulon Pike crossed the river on its way to visit the Pawnee. By 1817, the river was called the "Grand Saline."

The Pawnee and the Kansa, who used the area for hunting, had land along the Saline River. This was until the 1850s when American settlers started coming. The Kansas–Nebraska Act of 1854 created the Kansas Territory, which included all of the Saline River. By 1873, the U.S. government had removed the Kansa to a reservation in the Indian Territory (now Oklahoma).

In August 1867, Cheyenne warriors killed a group of railroad workers in Ellis County. This led to a battle between the Cheyenne and Buffalo Soldiers from Fort Hays. It became known as "The Battle of the Saline River."

The Saline River flooded sometimes during the late 19th century. Particularly bad floods happening in 1858, 1867, and 1903. In 1964, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers dammed the river in eastern Russell County for flood control, creating Wilson Lake.


Wilson Lake (Kansas)

Wilson Lake is a reservoir in the U.S. state of Kansas. It is on the border of Russell County and Lincoln County. It was built and managed by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for flood control. It is also used for wildlife management and recreation. Several parks are along its shoreline, including Wilson State Park.

The Corps of Engineers planned, designed, and built Wilson Dam. They completed it in 1964 for $20 million.

Wilson Lake is at (38.9401464, -98.5567638) at an elevation of . It is in north-central Kansas in the Smoky Hills region of the Great Plains. Most of Wilson Lake is in Russell County. A small part of its southeastern part goes into Lincoln County.

The reservoir is impounded at its northeastern end by Wilson Dam. The dam is at (38.9666777, -98.4947876) at an elevation of . The Saline River is the reservoir's main inflow of water from the west. It is also the reservoir's main outflow to the east. Smaller tributaries include Elm Creek, which flows from the south into the western part of the reservoir, and Hell Creek, which feeds the reservoir's southeastern arm.

Kansas Highway 232 goes north-south along the reservoir's eastern shore. It also goes across the top of Wilson Dam. Shoreline Road, a paved county road, goes east-west parallel to the southern shore. It crosses the reservoir's southeastern part.

The surface area, surface elevation, and water volume of the reservoir changed based on inflow and local climate. When the reservoir is full, it has a surface area of , a surface elevation of , and a volume of .

Wilson Dam is a dam that has a floor made of rock and soil. It is tall and long.


Gerry Fairhead

Arthur Gerald "Gerry" Fairhead (March 23, 1923 – July 5, 2019) was a Canadian sailor. He placed eighth in the Star class at the 1948 Summer Olympics.

Fairhead died on July 5, 2019 at the age of 96.


Godfried Toussaint

Godfried Theodore Patrick Toussaint (1944 – July 2019) was a Canadian computer scientist. He was a Professor of Computer Science, and the Head of the Computer Science Program at New York University Abu Dhabi (NYUAD). He did research on many aspects of computational geometry and discrete geometry.

He was a co-founder of the Annual ACM Symposium on Computational Geometry, and the annual Canadian Conference on Computational Geometry.

Zebulon Pike

Zebulon Montgomery Pike (January 5, 1779 – April 27, 1813) was an American brigadier general and explorer. Pikes Peak in Colorado is named after him. As a U.S. Army officer, President Thomas Jefferson asked him to lead two journeys through the new Louisiana Purchase territory. The first was in 1805-06 to explore the upper northern parts of the Mississippi River. The second journey was in 1806-07 to explore the Southwest to the edges of the northern Spanish-colonial settlements of New Mexico and Texas. Pike's journeys happened at the same time as other journeys that happened while Thomas Jefferson was president. This include the Lewis and Clark Expedition (1804–1806) and the Thomas Freeman and Peter Custis expedition up the Red River (1806).

Pike's second journey crossed the Rocky Mountains into what is now southern Colorado. He was captured by the Spanish colonial authorities near Santa Fe. They sent Pike and his men to Chihuahua (present-day Mexico), to be questioned. Later in 1807, Pike and some of his men were led by the Spanish through Texas, and they were released near American territory in Louisiana.

In 1810, Pike wrote a book about his journeys. The book was so popular that it was translated into Dutch, French, and German languages, for publication in Europe. He later became a brigadier general in the American Army. He served during the War of 1812, until he was killed during the Battle of York, in April 1813.

Zebulon Pike, Jr. married Clarissa Harlow Brown in 1801. They had one child who lived to become an adult, Clarissa Brown Pike. She later married President William Henry Harrison's son, John Cleves Symmes Harrison. They had four other children who died before becoming adults.

Pike was promoted to brigadier general in March 1813. Along with General Jacob Brown, Pike left Sackets Harbor, on the New York shore of Lake Ontario. This would be his last military campaign. On this campaign, Pike led soldiers in the successful attack on York (now Toronto), on April 27, 1813. Pike was killed, along with other American soldiers, by flying rocks and other debris. This was when the withdrawing British blew up its ammunition supply as Pike's troops got close to Fort York. His body was brought by ship back to Sackets Harbor. His body were buried at the military cemetery.

Pike's 20th century reputation focused on his exploration. His name appeared often on natural features, such as dams, islands, lakes, and parks.

In 1901, General William Jackson Palmer built a marble statue of Zebulon Pike. It was placed near the main entrance of the Antlers Hotel.  Pike was later honored in 1926 with a bronze medallion portrait placed in the pavilion at Tahama Spring in Monument Valley Park, Colorado Springs.

A building at Fort Knox is named in his honor.







Miriam Butterworth

Miriam Butterworth (April 14, 1918 – July 9, 2019) was an American educator, activist, and politician. She was a Democrat. In the 1940s, she helped equalize representation in the Connecticut General Assembly. 

She was involved in the international peace movement and worked for peace to end the Vietnam War and later as a monitor for voting in Nicaragua. After teaching at independent schools, Butterworth was chair of the Public Utilities Control Authority. She was president of Hartford College for Women and was on the Town Council of West Hartford.

Butterworth died from heart disease on July 9, 2019 in Bloomfield, Connecticut, aged 101.

Toy &amp; Wing

Toy & Wing were an Asian-American tap dance duo. The duo were known as Dorothy Toy (real name Shigeko Takahashi, May 28, 1917 – July 10, 2019) and Paul Wing (real name Paul Wing Jew, October 14, 1912 – April 27, 1997). They were known as the "Chinese Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers". 

They were active in the 1930s and 1940s. They were the first Asian-Americans to enter the American tap dance scene.

Dorothy Toy was born on May 28, 1917 in San Francisco. She died on July 10, 2019 in Oakland, California at the age of 102. Paul Wing was born in Menlo Park, California on October 14, 1912 and died on April 27, 1997 at the Veterans Home of California located in Yountville, California. He was 85 years old. 

Inger Berggren

Inger Berggren (23 February 1934 – 19 July 2019) was a Swedish singer. Her biggest hits were "Sol och vår" and "Elisabeth serenad", both in 1962. She participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 1962. She was the mother of the actress Gunilla Röör. Berggren was born in Stockholm.

Berggren died on 19 July 2019 in Stockholm at the age of 85.

Chaser (dog)

Chaser (April 28, 2004 – July 23, 2019) was a Border Collie with the largest tested memory of any non-human animal. Chaser worked with Professor John W. Pilley, at his home in Spartanburg, South Carolina, from eight weeks old, until Pilley's death in June 2018. She was trained in a formal research project. Chaser could identify and retrieve 1,022 toys by name.

On July 23, 2019, Chaser died from natural causes, at the age of 15 years, in her home in Spartanburg, South Carolina.

Redding Municipal Airport

Redding Municipal Airport (IATA:RDD IACO:KRDD FAA:RDD) is a public airport that lies 11 kilometers southeast of Redding, California. The airport was first used by the United States Army Air Force in 1942, but the military use for the airport was ended 1949.

The airport is now used for both general and commercial flights with United Express, a small branch of United Airlines, having flights to San Francisco and Los Angeles. 

Michael Roth

Michael Roth (18 June 1936 – 23 July 2019) was a German engineer. He was professor of automation, specializing in microprocessor technology, computer science and sociology as well as philosophy of science. He was one of the founders of computer engineering in Germany.

Insular area

Insular area is the name for one of the territories of the United States which are not a state of the union. People that live in these areas usually have no right to vote in US elections. Sometimes, they take part in preliminary elections. 

There are three areas in the Pacific Ocean: 


The following areas are in the Carribean:


The term is also used for many uninhabited islands, which the US claims as its territory. Most of these are in the Pacific:


Only a few are in the Carribean:


Container garden

A container garden or pot garden is a garden that is in containers instead of in the ground.
A container in gardening may be of various sizes. It may or may not be easily portable. and is used for showing live flowers or plants. It may take the form of a pot, flower box, tub, pot, basket, tin, barrel or hanging basket.

Pots, made of terracotta or sometimes plastic, and window boxes have been the most common containers. Terracotta containers are usual for long-term use in back yards. The reason is that they are porous, and water evaporates through the pores. This keeps the contents aerated. Plastic pots are usually for short-term use, and often sold complete with flowers and earth. Window boxes are shallow and open, and may be used for above-ground windows. 

Small pots are commonly called flowerpots.

Green roof

A green roof or living roof is a roof of a building that is partially or totally covered with plants. It may also include layers such as a root barrier and drainage and irrigation systems. Container gardens on roofs, where plants are in pots, are not generally true green roofs. Although, this is debated. Rooftop ponds are another kind of green roof which are used to treat greywater. Vegetation, soil, drainage layer, roof barrier and irrigation system make up a green roof.

There are reasons why a building may have a green roof. The reasons include absorbing rainwater, providing insulation, creating a habitat for wildlife, increasing benevolence and decreasing stress of the people around the roof, and helping to lower urban air temperatures and go against the heat island effect. Green roofs are able to be added on old buildings as well as new buildings. They can be put on small garages or larger industrial, commercial and municipal buildings. They effectively use the natural abilities of plants to filter water and treat air in urban and suburban areas.

There are two types of green roof:

Anders P. Ravn

Professor Anders Peter Ravn (29 October 1947 – 1 August 2019) was a Danish computer scientist.

Between 1969–73, Anders Ravn was a teaching assistant in the Department of Computer Science at the University of Copenhagen (DIKU). From 1972–76, he was a systems programmer on minicomputers at the early Danish computer company A/S Regnecentralen. 

He returned to academia and rose from assistant professor (1976–80) to associate professor (1980–84) at DIKU.

Ravn died on 1 August 2019 in Copenhagen at the age of 71.

David Berman (musician)

David Cloud Berman (born David Craig Berman; January 4, 1967 – August 7, 2019) was an American poet, cartoonist and singer-songwriter. He was best known for his work with indie-rock band the Silver Jews. 

In January 2009, Berman announced his retirement from music in hopes of finding a meaningful way of undoing the damage that his estranged father Richard (drug lobbyist) had done to society.

Berman had written and recorded with the Silver Jews, he has also released two books: "Actual Air" (1999) and "The Portable February" (2009). In early 2019, Berman returned to music under the new band name Purple Mountains, releasing an eponymous debut album in July 2019.

Berman lived in Chicago, Illinois. He was found dead at his Brooklyn apartment on August 7, 2019 at the age of 52. The cause of death was suicide by hanging.


Nakai

Nakai (Japanese: 中井, 中居) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with this name include:


Jorma Kinnunen

Jorma Vilho Paavali Kinnunen (15 December 1941 – 25 July 2019) was a Finnish athlete. He competed mainly in the javelin throw. He was born in Pihtipudas. He competed for Finland in the 1968 Summer Olympics held in Mexico City where he won the silver medal.

Kinnunen died after a long illness on 25 July 2019, aged 77.

Gergely Kulcsár

Gergely Kulcsár (10 March 1934 – 12 August 2020) a Hungarian javelin thrower. He competed at the 1960, 1964, 1968 and 1972 Olympics and won two bronze medals, in 1960 and 1968, and a silver medal in 1964.

He was the Olympic flag bearer for Hungary in 1964, 1968 and 1972.

Patton Brothers

The Patton Brothers, comprising Jimmy Elliott (20 August 1931 – 25 July 2019) and Brian Elliott (born 13 December 1933), were an English comedy double act and the two older brothers of Barry and Paul Elliott, the Chuckle Brothers. They began their career as a double act in 1954.

Both Jimmy and Brian made appearances in the children's television series "ChuckleVision," alongside their younger brothers Paul and Barry. Jimmy is known as "No Slacking" due to the catchphrase.

For three months, all four brothers appeared together on the game show "3-2-1" with Ted Rogers on 17 April 1982 (Season 4, Episode 13), and also on "New Faces". Afterwards, Jimmy and Brian returned to being the Patton Brothers.

On 25 July 2019, Jimmy died of cancer at the age of 87.


Arnie Brown

Stewart Arnold Brown (January 28, 1942 – July 26, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played for the Toronto Maple Leafs, New York Rangers, Detroit Red Wings, New York Islanders, and Atlanta Flames.

After one season in the World Hockey Association (WHA), Brown retired in 1975.

Brown died on July 26, 2019 in North Kawartha, Ontario at the age of 77.

Jaime Lucas Ortega y Alamino

Jaime Lucas Ortega y Alamino ( 18 October 1936 – 26 July 2019) was a Cuban prelate of the Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Havana from 1981 to 2016. He was appointed to the College of Cardinals in 1994, the second Cuban to hold that job.

During negotiations to renew diplomatic relations between the United States and Cuba, Cardinal Ortega, without public announcement, visited the White House and hand-delivered a letter from Pope Francis to President Barack Obama.

Ortega was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer in 2018. He died on 26 July 2019 in El Cobre, Cuba at the age of 82.

Kevin Roster

Kevin "Racks" Gene Roster Jr. (March 9, 1983 – July 26, 2019) was an American poker player and activist. He had terminal cancer who moved to California where he fought to protect the state's right-to-die legislation. He supports medical aid in dying.

He played in the 2019 World Series of Poker in the summer of 2019, and used the event as a platform to raise awareness about sarcoma and to encourage people to push for early detection and diagnosis.

Roster died via medical aid in dying in Rancho Cordova, California on July 26, 2019 at the age of 36.

Carlos Cruz-Diez

Carlos Cruz-Diez (17 August 1923 – 27 July 2019) was a Venezuelan artist. He was thought to be one of the greatest artist of the 20th century. He was best known for his kinetic and op art.

His teaching and art career was based between both Paris and Caracas. His work was represented in museums and public art sites internationally, such as Museum of Modern Art (MoMA), New York; Tate Modern, London; Musée d’Art Moderne de la Ville de Paris; Centre Pompidou, París; Museum of Fine Arts, Houston; Wallraf-Richartz Museum, Colonia, and others.

Cruz-Diez died on 27 July 2019 in Paris at the age of 95.


Biljana Plavšić

Biljana Plavšić (; born 7 July 1930) is a Serbian politician. She President of Republika Srpska who was indicted in 2001 by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) for war crimes committed during the Bosnian War. 

She plea-bargained with the ICTY and was sentenced to 11 years in prison in 2003.

She was released on 27 October 2009 after serving two-thirds of her sentence. Plavšić is, together with Radovan Karadžić, the highest ranking Bosnian Serb politician to be sentenced. 

Humphrey Mijnals

Humphrey Mijnals (21 December 1930 – 27 July 2019) was a Surinamese-Dutch footballer. He played international football for both the Netherlands and Suriname.

He also played 45 times in the Suriname national football team. In 1999, he was elected Surinamese footballer of the century. On 24 August 2008, Mijnals also received Sports Medal of the city of Utrecht.

Mijnals died on 27 July 2019 in Utrecht at the age of 88.

Mike Roarke

Michael Thomas Roarke (November 8, 1930 – July 27, 2019) was an American catcher and coach in Major League Baseball. He threw and batted right-handed. He stood tall and weighed . Roarke played for the Detroit Tigers, St. Louis Cardinals and the San Diego Padres.

Roarke died on July 27, 2019 in West Warwick, Rhode Island at the age of 88.

, or Retrosheet, or SABR Biography Project

West Warwick, Rhode Island

West Warwick is a town in Kent County, Rhode Island, United States. The population was 31,012 at the 2020 census.

John Robert Schrieffer

John Robert Schrieffer (; May 31, 1931 – July 27, 2019) was an American physicist. With John Bardeen and Leon Cooper, he was a recipient of the 1972 Nobel Prize in Physics. He was known for developing the BCS theory. It was the first successful quantum theory of superconductivity. 

In 2005, Schrieffer fell asleep while driving and received a sentence of two years in prison for vehicular manslaughter which killed one, and injured seven other people.

Schrieffer died on July 27, 2019 in Tallahassee, Florida at the age of 88.

Leon Cooper

Leon N Cooper (born February 28, 1930) is an American physicist. He won the Nobel Prize for Physics with John Bardeen and John Robert Schrieffer in 1972. He helped developed the BCS theory of superconductivity. 

He is also the namesake of the Cooper pair and co-developer of the BCM theory of synaptic plasticity.

Eduardo Gómez

Eduardo Gómez Manzano (27 July 1951 – 28 July 2019) was a Spanish actor and comedian. He was born in Madrid, Spain. He was known for his roles in "Aquí no hay quien viva", "La que se avecina" and "Butterfly's Tongue".

Gómez died from laryngeal cancer in Madrid on 28 July 2019 at the age of 68.


Vladimir Kara-Murza Sr.

Vladimir Alexeyevich Kara-Murza (; 24 October 1959 – 28 July 2019) was a Russian journalist and television host. He was born in Moscow. 

Kara-Murza died on 28 July 2019 in Moscow at the age of 59.

In 1992, with the onset of President Boris Yeltsin's democratic reforms, he joined the weekly "Itogi" programme on Channel One of Russian TV—first as editor, then as correspondent. 

In 1993, along with his colleagues, joined the newly created NTV, Russia's first independent television channel founded by Vladimir Gusinsky. In April 1995, Kara-Murza became the anchor of NTV's news programme "Today at Midnight".

He was the father of opposition politician Vladimir Vladimirovich Kara-Murza.

Loek van Mil

Ludovicus Jacobus Maria "Loek" van Mil (; 15 September 1984 – 28 July 2019) was a Dutch professional baseball pitcher. At , he was one of the tallest players in the history of professional baseball.

He played for Curaçao Neptunus of the Honkbal Hoofdklasse and for the Tohoku Rakuten Golden Eagles of the Nippon Professional Baseball (NPB).

On the Netherlands national baseball team he was the team's closer in the 2013 World Baseball Classic and the 2015 Premier 12 and appeared in the 2007 Baseball World Cup.

van Mil died on 28 July 2019 from problems caused by a hiking injury at the age of 34.

Jaipal Reddy

Sudini Jaipal Reddy (16 January 1942 – 28 July 2019) was an Indian politician. He was the member of the Lok Sabha of India for five terms. 

He represented the Chevella constituency of Telangana and was a member of the Indian National Congress. 

He was a Union Minister for Information and Broadcasting in the I. K. Gujral cabinet in 1998. In 1999 he returned to Indian National Congress after 21 years. In 2004 he was re-elected to 14th Lok Sabha from Miryalaguda Lok Sabha Constituency and then he was a Union Minister for Information and Broadcasting and Union Minister for Urban Development in the United Progressive Alliance-1. 

In 2009 he was re-elected to the 15th Lok Sabha from the Chevella constituency and was a Union Minister for Urban Development and Union Minister for Petroleum and Natural Gas. 

He was the Union Minister for the Ministry of Earth Sciences and the Ministry of Science and Technology from 29 October 2012 to 18 May 2014.

Reddy died on 28 July 2019 at a hospital in Hyderabad of pneumonia at the age of 77.

Ruth de Souza

Ruth de Souza (May 12, 1921 – July 28, 2019) was a Brazilian actress. She was born in Rio de Janeiro. de Souza was known for her roles in "The Landowner's Daughter", "Macumba Love" and in "A Glass of Rage".

She was awarded with Prêmio Saci.

De Souza died of pneumonia on July 28, 2019 in Copacabana, Brazil at the age of 98.

Copacabana, Rio de Janeiro

Copacabana () is a "bairro" (neighbourhood) located in the South Zone of the city of Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. It is known for its 4 km (2.5 miles) balneario beach, which is one of the most famous in the world.

Egil Danielsen

Egil Danielsen (9 November 1933 – 29 July 2019) was a Norwegian javelin thrower. He was born in Hamar, Norway. He competed at the 1956 and 1960 Olympics. He won the gold medal in 1956. Danielsen set a new world record at 85.71 m and won the gold medal. He could never reproduce that throw. For his Olympic victory and world record Danielsen was selected Norwegian Sportsperson of the Year in 1956.

He retired after the 1960 Olympics and focused on his family and work at the Hamar Fire Brigade. In the 2000s he was a minor political candidate for the Norwegian Pensioner Party.

Enrique Lafourcade

Enrique Eduardo Lafourcade Valdenegro (14 October 1927 – 29 July 2019) was a Chilean writer, critic and journalist. He was born in Santiago de Chile. Lafourcade published at least 24 novels (over 30 by some accounts) and over a dozen anthologies and collections of short stories and essays. His novel "Palomita Blanca" (1971) sold over a million copies, making it one of the all-time best sellers in Chile. He worked for the newspaper agency "El Mercurio".

Lafourcade died on 29 July 2019 in Santiago at the age of 91.

Vasil Metodiev

Vasil Metodiev (; (6 January 1935 – 29 July 2019) was a Bulgarian football midfielder. He played for Bulgaria in the 1966 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Lokomotiv Sofia. 

He was a coach of Levski Sofia, where he won three Bulgarian championships, two Bulgarian Cup titles, two Cup of the Soviet Army titles, including one treble. 

In 1984, as coach of Levski, he eliminated German champions VfB Stuttgart for the European Cup.

Metodiev died on 29 July 2019 in Sofia at the age of 84.

Mona-Liisa Nousiainen

Mona-Liisa Nousiainen (née Malvalehto; 20 July 1983 – 29 July 2019) was a Finnish cross-country skier. He competed in the World Cup between 2002 and 2018. Nousiainen was born in Rovaniemi, Finland. In 1999, she won the Finnish Championship in accordion playing. She studied at the Sibelius Academy.

She announced her retirement from cross-country skiing after not being selected for the 2018 Winter Olympics. Nousiainen died on 29 July 2019 of cancer at the age of 36.

Tuvya Ruebner

Tuvya Ruebner, also Rübner (; 30 January 1924 – 29 July 2019) was an Israeli poet, editor, translator and photographer. He was born in Bratislava, Czechoslovakia. He became a member of kibbutz Merhavia. For many years he was a schoolteacher and later lectured on literature at Haifa University.

Zdeněk Srstka

Zdeněk Srstka (26 September 1935 – 29 July 2019) was a Czech actor, stuntman and weightlifter. He starred in the movie "Poslední propadne peklu" under director Ludvík Ráža in 1982. He was born in Prague. He competed for Czechoslovakia in the 1960 Summer Olympics with the result of ninth place.

Srstka died on 29 July 2019 in Prague at the age of 83.

Marcian Bleahu

Marcian David (Matty) Bleahu (14 March 1924, Brașov – 30 July 2019, Bucharest) was a Romanian geologist, speleologist, geographer, alpinist, explorer, writer and politician. He was well known for his scientific works to the development of the theories of global tectonics. He was a member of the Romanian Senate from 1990 to 2000.

Bleahu died in Bucharest on 30 July 2019 at the age of 95.

Nick Buoniconti

Nicholas Anthony Buoniconti (December 15, 1940 – July 30, 2019) was an American professional football player. He was a middle linebacker in the American Football League (AFL) and National Football League (NFL). He played for the Boston Patriots and Miami Dolphins. He won two Super Bowls with the Dolphins. Buoniconti was added into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2001.

Buoniconti died on July 30, 2019, in Bridgehampton, New York, at the age of 78.

Deep Impact (horse)

Deep Impact (Japanese : ディープインパクト, March 25, 2002 – July 30, 2019) was a champion Japanese racehorse that won seven Japanese Domestic Grade 1 races, including all races of Japanese Triple Crown (Satsuki Sho, Tokyo Yushun and Kikuka Sho).

On 30 July 2019, Deep Impact was euthanised after suffering a cervical fracture, aged 17.

W. Roy McCutcheon

William Roy McCutcheon (July 31, 1929 – July 30, 2019) was a Canadian educator. He was the second president of Seneca College from 1984 through 1992. McCutcheon announced his retirement in 1991.

McCutcheon died on July 30, 2019, on the eve of his 90th birthday.

Werner von Moltke

Werner Konrad Graf von (count of) Moltke (24 May 1936 – 29/30 July 2019) was a German decathlete. He won a European title in 1966 and finished second in 1962. He competed at the 1968 Summer Olympics, but failed to finish. He was born in Mühlhausen, Germany.

Von Moltke died on 29 or 30 July 2019 in Nieder-Olm, Germany at the age of 83.

Michael Crawford

Michael Patrick Smith, (born 19 January 1942), known by the professional stage name of Michael Crawford, is an English actor, comedian and singer. He is known for his role as the title role in "The Phantom of the Opera".

Since 1987, he has been the leader of the Sick Children's Trust as well and acted as a public face for the British social cause organization.

Martín Arzola Ortega

Martín Arzola Ortega (; – 31 July 2019), commonly referred to by his alias "El 53", was a Mexican convicted drug lord. He was a high-ranking leader of the Jalisco New Generation Cartel (CJNG), a criminal group based in Jalisco. 

He worked under Nemesio Oseguera Cervantes (alias "El Mencho"), the alleged top leader of the CJNG. Arzola Ortega began his criminal career in 1998 as a cargo truck thief and eventually joined the Milenio Cartel, the predecessor group of the CJNG. 

After several of his bosses were arrested and/or killed, he founded the CJNG with other defectors in the 2010s. 

Arzonla Ortega died on 31 July 2019 in Zapopan, Jalisco after being shot dead at a mall, aged 42.

María Auxiliadora Delgado

María Auxiliadora Delgado San Martín (11 March 1937 – 31 July 2019) was an Uruguayan civil servant and health activist. She was the wife of President Tabaré Vázquez. She was First Lady of Uruguay from 2005 to 2010 and again from 1 March 2015 until her death on 31 July 2019.

Auxiliadora met her husband, Tabaré Vázquez, when he was just 16 years old, and she was 19 years old. She worked for the Caja de Jubilaciones y Pensiones (Pension Fund) for 32 years before her retirement.

Auxiliadora Delgado died of a heart attack on 31 July 2019 in Montevideo at the age of 82.

Raffaele Pisu

Raffaele Pisu (24 May 1925 – 31 July 2019) was an Italian actor and comedian. In 2005, Pisu won the Nastro d'Argento for best supporting actor for his role in Paolo Sorrentino's "The Consequences of Love".

Jean-Luc Thérier

Jean-Luc Thérier (7 October 1945 – 31 July 2019) was a French rally driver. He was the highest scoring driver in the inaugural World Rally Championship in 1973. He was the only one to win three events. He was born in Hodeng-au-Bosc, France.

Thérier died from a long-illness on 31 July 2019 in Neufchâtel-en-Bray, France at the age of 73.


Butch Walker

Bradley Glenn "Butch Walker" (born November 14, 1969) is an American singer, songwriter, musician.
Walker worked as a guitarist and performer in several rock bands in the 80s.

Along with Jayce Fincher and Mitch McLee, Wlaker formed a new band called Floyd's Funk Reviva, Their final concert was on 2001.

Walker began a solo career, releasing the albums "Left of Self-Centered" in 2002, he played a series of live shows with just acoustic guitar and vocals.

Black mustard

Black mustard ("Brassica nigra") is an annual plant grown for its seeds, which is commonly used as a spice. It is native to the Mediterranean, and has been cultivated for a very long time. With this cultivation it was also introduced to other regions of the world. 

Karl Glusman

Karl Lewis Glusman (born January 3, 1988) is an American actor.

Glusman was born in New York City and raised in Portland, Oregon. His parents are of Ashkenazi Jewish, English, German, Irish, Luxembourgian and Swedish descent.

Since 2016, Glusman has been in a relationship with actress Zoë Kravitz. Kravitz said she had become engaged in February 2018. They were married June 29, 2019. They were married at Kravitz's father, Lenny Kravitz's home in Paris, France.

Tim Ryan

Tim, Timmy or Timothy Ryan may refer to:





Shrek (character)

Shrek is the main character of the movie "Shrek". He was first seen in the 1990 children’s book "Shrek!" by William Steig. He is often seen as grumpy.

He appears in all "Shrek" movies. He is voiced by Mike Myers.

Donkey (Shrek)

Donkey (not known by any other name) is the second main character seen in the movie "Shrek". He is seen as the overly-happy and annoying sidekick of Shrek.

He appears in all the "Shrek" movies. He is voiced by Eddie Murphy.

Mariam V. Agababjan

Mariam Vladislavovna Aghababjan (born 1964) is an Armenian botanist, plant taxonomist, employee of the Institute of Botany of the National Academy of Sciences of Armenia. She described many species of the genus "Rhaponticoides", which was isolated from the genus Centaurea.
In 1992, under the leadership of Armen Takhtajan, she defended her thesis on the topic “Typical subgenus Centaurea” . She described for science 48 species of plants.

This author is usually abbreviated «M.V.Agab.» when citing a botanical name.
Centaurea tamanianae M. V. Agab. in Biol. Zurn. Armenii 42: 186. 1989

Aghababjan M.V., Oganesian M.E. 2000 Allium sect. Acanthoprason (Alliaceae) in southern Transcaucasia: a survey, with the description of two new species. Willdenowia. — 30. — P. 93—104

Greuter W., Gerhard W., Aghababjan M. & Hellwig F. H. 2001 (1509) Proposal to Conserve the Name Centaurea (Compositae) with a Conserved Type Taxon. — 50, no. 4. — P. 1201—1205. —

Greuter W., Aghababjan M., Wagenitz G. . Vaillant on Compositae—systematic concepts and nomenclatural impact. Taxon. — 2005. — 54, no. 1. — P. 149—174

Rhaponticoides africana M V Agab. (syn.Centaurea africana)

R ruthenica (Lam.)M V Agab. et Greuter
Centaurea tamanianae M. V. Agab.

R. taliewii

Hasmukhbhai Parekh

Hasmukh Thakordas Parekh (10 March 1911 – 18 November 1994) was an Indian financial entrepreneur, writer, and philanthropist. He played a role in the development of Industrial Credit & Investment Corporation of India, now ICICI Bank, founded the Housing Development Finance Corporation, and in 1992 was awarded the Padma Bhushan for his contribution to the finance industry in India. The London School of Economics also conferred on him an honorary fellowship.

Hasmukh Thakordas Parekh was born in Surat, Gujarat. He worked as a lecturer at St. Xavier's College, Bombay (now known as Mumbai), for three years, and later began his financial career with the stockbroking firm Harkisandass Lukhmidass. He joined ICICI as Deputy general manager in 1956, became chairman and managing director in 1972. He retired in 1976 and was Chairman of ICICI's Board until 1978.

At 66, when he had already received many honors and was stepping down from ICICI, he started a new financial institution, the Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC).

Misconception

A misconception is a belief which is perhaps understandable, but wrong. 

For example, many people believe that Frankenstein is the name of the monster in the story Frankenstein, but Frankenstein is really the man who created the monster.

Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana

Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (PMAY) is an initiative by the Government of India. It plans affordable housing for the urban poor. The target is to build 20 million affordable houses by 31 March 2022. 

The total number of funded houses approved so far is 39,25,240 in urban areas. Five million rural houses will be built by March 2018 and 10 million rural houses by March 2019.

Islam in Bulgaria

Islam is the second largest religion in Bulgaria, behind Christianity. Many sources believed that Sunni Islam of Hanafi Madh'hab and Bektashi's, is the religion of 13% of the Bulgarian population. The vast majority of Bulgarian Muslims are Turkish and Xoraxane Roma, while almost Pomak are Muslims after Turkish. 

Bulgaria is the main leader of the European Union by percentage of Muslims.

Valle de la Luna (Chile)

Valle de la Luna (Valley of Moon) is known for its moonlike landscape . It is located at Los Flamencos Reserve park, North Chile's Atacama Desert.

Fabrizio Saccomanni

Fabrizio Saccomanni (November 22, 1942 – August 8, 2019) was an Italian economist and politician. He was the deputy governor of the Bank of Italy. He was the Minister of Economy and Finances between April 2013 and February 2014. From April 13, 2018 until his death, Saccomanni was the chairman of UniCredit. He was born in Rome.

Saccomanni died of a heart attack in San Teodoro, Italy on August 8, 2019 at the age of 76.

Maimun Zubair

Sheikh Kyai Hajji Maimun Zubair (Jawi: ; October 28, 1928 – August 6, 2019) was an Indonesian cleric. He was the murshid of Idrisiyya Shadhili in Sarang, Rembang Regency, Central Java. In 1967, Maimun created the Pondok Pesantren Al-Anwar in his home village, Karangmangu.

Zubair was a member of the Regional People's Representative Council (DPRD) of Rembang Regency from 1971 to 1978. He became a member of the People's Consultative Assembly of the Republic of Indonesia (MPR RI) from the Central Java envoy in 1987 and served until 1999.

Zubair was born in Rembang Regency, Central Java. He died on August 6, 2019 in Mecca, Saudi Arabia while performing a religious ceremony, aged 90.

Fabio Zerpa

Fabio Pedro Alles Zerpa (4 December 1928 – 7 August 2019) was a Uruguayan actor, journalist, parapsychologist and UFO researcher. He lived in Argentina from 1951 until his death. He was born in Rosario, Uruguay. Zerpa started to give his first conferences at the beginning of the 1960s.

In 1966, he created the radio program "Más allá de la cuarta dimensión" (Beyond the Fourth Dimension). From 2001 he was the director of the on-line magazine "El Quinto Hombre" (The Fifth Man). In December 2005 Zerpa was appointed cultural ambassador of the city of Colonia, Uruguay.

Zerpa died on 7 August 2019 in Buenos Aires, Argentina at the age of 90.

Jean-Pierre Mocky

Jean-Pierre Mocky (6 July 1929 – 8 August 2019) pseudonym of Jean-Paul Adam Mokiejewski, was a French movie director, actor, screenwriter and producer. He was born in Nice, France. His 1987 movie "Le Miraculé" was entered into the 37th Berlin International Film Festival. He also directed "Les Dragueurs" and starred in the movie "The Abandoned".

Mocky died at his home in Paris of kidney failure on 8 August 2019 at the age of 90.

Manfred Max-Neef

Artur Manfred Max Neef (; 26 October 1932 – 8 August 2019) was a Chilean economist and politician. Max-Neef was born in Valparaíso, Chile. He was a professor of economics at the University of California, Berkeley in the early 1960s. He was known for his fundamental human needs and human scale development.

In 1983, he was awarded the Right Livelihood Award for "revitalising small and medium-sized communities through 'Barefoot Economics'." He ran for President in the 1993 election ending up in fourth place with 5.55% of the vote.

Max-Neef died on 8 August 2019 in Valdivia, Chile at the age of 86.

Stanisław Konturek

Stanisław Jan Konturek (8 October 1931 – 8 August 2019) was a Polish physiologist and gastroenterologist. He was a member of the Polish Academy of Sciences and the Polish Academy of Learning from 1986 until his death in 2019. He was a professor at the Jagiellonian University Collegium Medicum. He was born in Zakliczyn, Poland.

Konturek died on 8 August 2019 in Kraków, Poland at the age of 87.

Dany Carrel

Yvonne Suzanne Chazelles de Chaxel, better known as Dany Carrel, (born 20 September 1932) is a French actress. She was born in Tourane, Annam, French Indochina. She retired from acting in 1989. 

Carrel's best known roles were in "Dortoir des grandes" (1953), "Women's Club" (1956), "People of No Importance" (1956), "Porte des Lilas" (1957), "Girls for the Summer" (1958), "The Goose of Sedan" (1959), "Mill of the Stone Women" (1960), "The Hands of Orlac" (1960), "Une souris chez les hommes" (1964), "A Trap for Cinderella" (1965), "La prisonnière" (1968), "Clérambard" (1969), "Trois milliards sans ascenseur" (1972) and "Schools Falling Apart" (1981).


Ingeborg Schöner

Ingeborg Schöner (born 2 July 1935) is a German actress. She was born in Wiesbaden, Hessen, Germany. Her career began in 1945. Her best known roles were in "It Happened in Rome" (1957), "The First Day of Spring" (1956) and "King in Shadow" (1957).

Schöner also starred in "The Captain and His Hero" (1955), "Souvenir d'Italie" (1957), "Venice, the Moon and You" (1958), "Adorable and a Liar" (1958), "The Cow and I" (1959), "Big Request Concert" (1960), "Buffalo Bill, Hero of the Far West" (1964), "Legacy of the Incas" (1965), "The Long Day of Inspector Blomfield" (1968), "Mark of the Devil" (1970), "Mr. Superinvisible" (1970), "Die Supernasen" (1983) and "Guten Tag, Ramon" (2013).

Giuliano Montaldo

Giuliano Montaldo (22 February 1930 – 6 September 2023) was an Italian movie director, screenwriter and actor. He was born in Genoa, Italy. He starred in the movies "Achtung! Banditi!" (1951) and "Gli Sbandati" (1955). In 1960, he directed his first movie called "Tiro al piccione".

His best known works as a director include: "Una bella grinta", "Grand Slam", "Gott mit uns" (1969), "Sacco and Vanzetti" (1971), "Giordano Bruno" (1973), "Tempo di uccidere" (1989–1991), and "Marco Polo".

In 1971 he was a member of the jury at the 7th Moscow International Film Festival.

Montaldo died on 6 September 2023, at the age of 93.

Giulio Paradisi

Giulio Paradisi (born 21 March 1934) was an Italian movie director, actor and screenwriter. He was born in Rome. He began his career as an actor in Alessandro Blasetti's "Too Bad She's Bad". His best known works as a director include: "Terzo Canale - Avventura a Montecarlo" (1970), "The Visitor" (1979), "Tesoromio" (1979) and "Spaghetti House" (1982).

Francesco Maselli

Francesco Maselli (9 December 1930 – 21 March 2023), also known as Citto Maselli, was an Italian film director and screenwriter. He has directed 38 movies since 1949. His 1990 movie "Il segreto" was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival. His other best known works include directing the movie "Gli sbandati" (1955) and for his acting role in "The Name of the Rose" (1986). Maselli was born in Rome. 
Maselli died in Rome on 21 March 2023, at the age of 92.

George Gilder

George Franklin Gilder (; born November 29, 1939) is an American investor, writer, economist, and technology enthusiast. He was born in New York City. Gilder is the co-founder of the Discovery Institute. His 1981 international bestseller "Wealth and Poverty" created a supporting case for supply-side economics and capitalism during the early months of the Reagan administration. He is a critic of feminism. 


Stu Rosen

Stuart M. Rosen (June 26, 1939 – August 4, 2019) was an American voice director and actor. He was born in Joliet, Illinois. He was best known for directing "MASK", "Hulk Hogan's Rock 'n' Wrestling", the first episodes of "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles", "The Legend of Prince Valiant", "Super Secret Secret Squirrel", "2 Stupid Dogs", and "Biker Mice from Mars". An actor, he was best known for as the voice of the storyteller in "".

Rosen died on August 4, 2019 in Los Alamitos, California, at the age of 80, from cancer.

Sag Harbor, New York

Sag Harbor is an incorporated village in Suffolk County, New York, United States. It is located on Long Island. The population was 2,772 at the 2020 census.

Prime Minister of Malawi

The succession to the throne was the same as the succession to the British throne.

The Governor-General was the representative of the monarch in Malawi and exercised most of the powers of the monarch. The Governor-General was appointed for an indefinite term, serving at the pleasure of the monarch. After the passage of the Statute of Westminster 1931, the Governor-General was appointed solely on the advice of the Cabinet of Malawi without the involvement of the British government. In the event of a vacancy the Chief Justice served as Officer Administering the Government.

Zita of Bourbon-Parma

Zita of Bourbon-Parma ("Zita Maria delle Grazie Adelgonda Micaela Raffaela Gabriella Giuseppina Antonia Luisa Agnese"; 9 May 1892 – 14 March 1989) was the last Empress of Austria. She was the wife of Charles I of Austria She was born a princess of the Duchy of Parma.

Leo Ortolani

Leonardo Ortolani (born 14 January 1967), better known as Leo, is an Italian comics author. He is known as the creator of the popular comic strip series" Rat-Man" and "Venerdì 12".

Cathedral Quarter, Belfast

The Cathedral Quarter is an area in Belfast, Northern Ireland. It is around St Anne's Cathedral.

Johnson County Community College

Johnson County Community College (JCCC) is a public community college in Overland Park in Johnson County, Kansas. 

In 1963, Johnson County Commissioners, recognizing the emerging community college movement and wanting to help the quickly growing population of Johnson County, Kansas, created a committee to determine if it's possible to create a community college in Johnson County.

The college was officially created due to a successful county election in March 1967. The campus was made possible in 1969 after Johnson County voters approved $12.9 million to be used to buy 200 acres of land in Overland Park. Construction started in 1970. Classes were moved to the new campus in the fall 1972.

JCCC has many undergraduate credit courses that are similar to the first two years of most college curricula. Class sizes are usually 25 to 30 students.

The college has 926 faculty and staff. Another 1,451 people work as adjunct faculty or part-time staff. Most faculty members have master's degrees. Many of them have or are earning doctorates. Faculty and staff have won many awards for excellence.


De Soto, Kansas

De Soto is a city in Johnson and Leavenworth counties in the U.S. state of Kansas. It is part of the Kansas City Metropolitan Area. Most of the city, , is in Johnson County. In 2020, 6,118 people lived there.

De Soto was platted in spring 1857. It was named after sixteenth-century Spanish explorer Hernando de Soto.

De Soto is in northwestern Johnson County and southern Leavenworth County at (38.9791709, -94.9685783). It is along Kansas River. The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, are land and , or 1.7%, are water.

The 2020 census says that there were 6,118 people, 2,295 households, and 1,635 families living in De Soto. Of the households, 67.0% owned their home and 33.0% rented their home.

The median age was 39.4 years. Of the people, 79.9% were White, 1.0% were Native American, 0.9% were Black, 0.7% were Asian, 7.2% were from some other race, and 10.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 16.9% of the people.

The 2010 census says that there were 5,720 people, 2,007 households, and 1,523 families living in De Soto.

Two local companies, Great American Bank and Custom Foods, Inc., and one national company, Goodcents Deli Fresh Subs, are headquartered in De Soto. Huhtamaki Americas, Inc. and Engineered Air, two international companies, chose De Soto for their North American headquarters. Merck Animal Health, one of the world's biggest manufacturers of animal health supplies, chose De Soto for one of its U.S. manufacturing facilities.
as of January 2017, the largest employers in the city are:
The De Soto government is made of a mayor and five council members. It has a president that is chosen by the council.

Mayor
City Council President
City Council


The city of De Soto is served by the De Soto school district. 

Other local education institutions near De Soto include:

The Johnson County Library System maintains the De Soto Downtown Library.

"The De Soto Explorer" was started in 1998, and it was De Soto's main news source for 14 years. It closed in 2012. In the fall of 2015, "Discovering De Soto" magazine released its first preview edition. In 2017, the De Soto City Council funded issues of "Discovering De Soto". This was done in order to distribute the magazine by mail and around local businesses. In 2018, the De Soto City Council funded issues of "Discovering De Soto" for the year.

"The Kansas City Star" and the "Lawrence Journal-World" both cover and deliver to De Soto.

All Kansas City stations broadcast in De Soto.

All Topeka and Kansas City stations broadcast in De Soto.

Several highways go to De Soto:


In 1857, the Atchison, Topeka, Santa Fe Railway built a railroad through northern parts of town. It was built parallel to the river. De Soto's train depot was built along a siding around 1860.

Notable people who were born in and/or have lived in De Soto include:


Ottawa University

Ottawa University (OU) is a private Baptist liberal arts university in Ottawa, Kansas. It has other campuses in other places throughout the Unites States. It was created in 1865. It is grouped with the American Baptist Churches USA. Ottawa has about 700 students on its main campus in Ottawa, 500 on its campus in Surprise, and about 4,000 students across all of its campuses and online.

The original campus is in Ottawa, Kansas. It is referred to as OUKS.

A second campus opened in August 2017 in Surprise, Arizona. It is referred to OUAZ.

OU has adult campuses in Overland Park, Kansas; Phoenix, Surprise and Queen Creek, Arizona; Brookfield, Wisconsin; and Jeffersonville, Indiana.

Ottawa University is accredited by the Higher Learning Commission. Its education programs in Kansas are accredited by the National Council for the Accreditation of Teacher Education and the Kansas State Department of Education.


Wichita State University

Wichita State University (WSU) is a public research university in Wichita, Kansas, United States. It is governed by the Kansas Board of Regents.

Wichita State University offers more than 60 undergraduate degree programs in more than 200 areas of study in six colleges. The Graduate School offers 44 master's degrees in more than 100 areas and a specialist in education degree. It offers doctoral degrees in applied mathematics; audiology; chemistry; communicative disorders and sciences; nursing practice; physical therapy; psychology (programs in human factors, community and APA-accredited clinical psychology); educational administration; aerospace, industrial and mechanical engineering; and electrical engineering and computer science.

Wichita State University also has classes at four other campuses. WSU West is in Maize. This campus has 80–100 university classes each academic semester. WSU South began started Wichita State University courses at a new facility in Derby in January 2008. The WSU Downtown Center has the university's Center for Community Support & Research and the Department of Physical Therapy. A quarter-mile northeast of campus, the Advanced Education in General Dentistry buildinghass classrooms and a dental clinic. It was built in 2011. It is next to the university's Eugene M. Hughes Metropolitan Complex, where many of WSU noncredit courses are taught.

Wichita State University started in 1886 as a private Congregational preparatory school. It was created by Rev. Joseph Homer Parker.

On July 1, 1964, the school officially entered the state system of higher education as Wichita State University (WSU).

Washburn University

Washburn University (WU) is a co-educational, public university in Topeka, Kansas, United States. It has undergraduate and graduate programs. It also has professional programs in law and business. Washburn has 550 faculty members. There are more than 6,100 undergraduate students and nearly 800 graduate students. The university's assets include a $158 million endowment.

Washburn University was created in February 1865 as Lincoln College by a charter issued by the State of Kansas and the General Association of Congregational Ministers and Churches of Kansas. It was built on land given by abolitionist John Ritchie. The school was renamed Washburn College in 1868 after Ichabod Washburn gave $25,000 to the school. Washburn was a church deacon, abolitionist and industrialist who lived in Worcester, Massachusetts.

During World War II, Washburn Municipal University was one of 131 colleges and universities in the United States that took part in the V-12 Navy College Training Program. It was a program which offered students a path to a Navy commission.

On June 8, 1966, much of the campus was destroyed by a tornado. All of the trees were gone too.

The Washburn School of Law was created in 1903. It was one of the first in the country to have a legal clinic where students are able to actively practice the law. The Washburn Law Library has over 380,000 volumes. It is the biggest in Kansas. Notable graduates include Bob Dole, Roy Wilford Riegle, Dennis Moore, Kim Phillips, Bill Kurtis and Fred Phelps.

"The name of Washburn shall never fall,
Midst the great and small, she's the best of all;
For her fair name,
Then, we'll win the game,
And add another victor's crown
So then, we'll smash, crash against the line
"As in Auld Lang Syne,"
Crush them down,
So Cheer now, yes, cheer, cheer, cheer
Just for Washburn and her team!"


Opportunity zone

An opportunity zone is a geographic area in the United States where investments are exempt from Captial Gains tax. The concept of opprtunity zone was introduced in the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 by the Trump administration. They are similar to Enterprise zones, a concept introduced in the 1980s in the United Kingdom.

In the United Kingdom enterprise zones were meant to make it easier for people living living there to start a business and to provide tax incentives to encourage locals to invest in them.

In the United States empowerment zones were introduced in 1993 to allow local governments to compete for grants and tax incentives. The 2017 law allows state governors to designate up to 25% of low-income census tracts in their state as opportunity zones. There are 8,700 opportunity zones in the United States. They cover 35 million Americans. Investors in those zones can defer capital gains tax until 2026. This helps investors lower their tax burden.

Fort Hays State University

Fort Hays State University (FHSU) is a public university in Hays, Kansas. It is the third-biggest of the six state universities governed by the Kansas Board of Regents. They have about 15,100 students (4,648 on campus, 6,882 online, 3,570 Chinese program).

During the Great Flood of 1951, a tributary of the Kansas River flooded nearly all of campus. It forced a midnight evacuation.

Student Media at Fort Hays is housed under the banner Tiger Media Network. It includes radio and TV, coming from their website.


Delaware River (Kansas)

The Delaware River (originally called the Grasshopper River) is a river in the northeastern part of the state of Kansas. The Delaware River basin drains from the water of Perry Lake reservoir. The river is a Category 1 watershed by the Kansas Department of Health and Environment. This means that the watershed needs to be restored and protected. The river is one of the major tributaries of the Kansas River.

Tornado outbreak sequence of June 1966

The Tornado outbreak sequence of June 1966 was a series of tornado outbreaks which happened between June 2 and June 12.

The worst tornado of this event happened on the early evening of Wednesday, June 8, 1966. This was when Topeka, Kansas was hit by an F5 rated tornado. It started in the southwest Topeka, and it moved northeast. It went through several neighborhoods and over a local landmark named Burnett's Mound. 57 tornadoes were confirmed during the 11-day span, which left 18 people dead and 543 injured.

A local Native American legend said that Burnet's Mound (a local landmark that was named after Potawatomi Indian chief Abram Burnett) was thought to protect the city from tornadoes. It was thought that the hill would cause a tornado that was going to Topeka to die. A few years earlier, a water tower had been built on the mound. This caused controversy among many Topeka residents. They thought it would make the mound less able to protect Topeka fro from tornades. However, ten other tornadoes had hit the city since Kansas state tornado records were first kept in 1889. The 1966 tornado was much stronger than the other ten tornadoes that hit Topeka before June 8.

The Topeka tornado started developing at 6:55 p.m. Central Time on June 8, touching down west of the city. The National Weather Service could not find the developing tornado on radar. This is because the Topeka forecast office used a modified military radar that was given by the U.S. government after World War II. While it was considered very good for its time, it was not good at finding tornadoes activity, compared to the Doppler weather radar of the present day. Around 7:30 p.m., a 1/4 to 1/2-mile (400–800 m) wide tornado went to the southwest side Topeka, moving northeast, and passed over Burnett's Mound. Bill Kurtis, then a reporter for WIBW-TV (channel 13; then a hybrid CBS/ABC/NBC affiliate, now only affiliated with CBS) wanted to tell people to take shelter from the devastating storm. He told viewers to get to safety by urging in a calm but stern manner, "for God's sake, take cover!"
The total damage estimate was put at $104 million (US$ million in 2024). This makes it one of the costliest tornadoes in U.S. history. 16 people were killed, and many others were injured. However, it is believed that if the had tornado hit during school and work hours or during the night, that as many as 5,000 people would have been killed. Bill Kurtis was credited for saving many lives with his urgent message to take cover.


Shrek

Shrek is an animated movie based on William Steig's 1990 fairy tale picture book Shrek!. The name "Shrek" likely comes from the Yiddish word "שרעק" (pronounced Shreck) or the German word "Schreck". Both words mean "fear" or "terror". It was directed by Andrew Adamson and animated by DreamWorks Animation. It was the first movie to win an Academy Award for Best Animated Feature, a category introduced in 2001 . It was released on DVD on November 2, 2001. There have also been three sequels (follow-ups) of "Shrek", called "Shrek 2", "Shrek the Third" and "Shrek Forever After". There is also a Christmas special, a Halloween special and a spinoff movie all about a minor character in the sequels and specials. It was adapted into a Broadway musical. "Shrek 2" was released in May 19, 2004. "Shrek the Third" was released on May 18, 2007. "Shrek Forever After" was released on May 21, 2010. There was also a show by the name Scary Stories released on Netflix in 2009.

Shrek is a green ogre who always loves living peacefully in the swamp. However, he finds many fairytale creatures disrupting his privacy. This is because of the order by Lord Farquaad. Shrek goes along with a talking Donkey to Duloc, where they ask Farquaad to give his privacy back. Farquaad wants to be King by marrying Princess Fiona to be Queen.

Farquaad orders Shrek and Donkey to rescue Fiona from the tower she is imprisoned in and bring her to Farquaad. After defeating a dragon, they manage to get Fiona from the castle, Fiona is happy that she is rescued, but soon becomes sad that the knight is an ogre. Shrek forces Fiona to travel with him and Donkey, with Shrek and Fiona finding they have more in common with each other along the way, and falling in love. 

However, at night, Fiona refuses to camp with them. Eventually, Donkey finds Fiona in a windmill. Donkey finds that Fiona has turned into an ogress. She tells Donkey that she was cursed as a child and turns into an ogress every night. This is why she was locked away in the castle. She also says that only a kiss from her true love will return her to her "love's true form". Shrek, about to confess his feelings for Fiona, overhears part of their conversation, and is heartbroken as he thinks her disgust at her transformation into an "ugly beast" is her being disgusted with him. 

The next morning, Fiona meets Lord Farquaad and leaves to get married to him. Shrek goes back to his swamp while Donkey finds the dragon in a forest. Shrek realises that he misses Fiona. Shrek, Donkey and dragon travel to Duloc. They interrupt the wedding before Farquaad can kiss Fiona, but not before the sun sets, which causes Fiona to turn into an ogress in front of everyone. Shrek and Fiona admit their love for each other and share a kiss--Fiona's curse is broken, but remains an ogress, as the curse said that she will become "true love's form".

Steven Spielberg bought the rights to the original book in 1991, when he apparently thought about making a traditionally animated film based on the book with Bill Murray as Shrek and Steve Martin as Donkey. After only a few years in development, producer John H. Williams got hold of the book from his children, and when he brought it to DreamWorks, it caught Jeffrey Katzenberg's attention and the studio decided to make it into a movie. After buying the rights to the film in 1995, Katzenberg quickly put the film in active development.

The Art Directors visited Hearst Castle, Stratford upon Avon and Dordogne for inspiration on Duloc's place. Art Director Douglas Rogers visited a magnolia plantation in Charleston, South Carolina for inspiration for Shrek's swamp.

The film was originally planned to be a motion-captured film. DreamWorks used live action background plates with miniature fairy tale settings that they had filmed, giving the film a very visual distinct look. After a year and a half of R & D, a test was finally shown. The result was a disaster, with Katzenburg stating "It looked terrible, it didn't work, it wasn't funny, and we didn't like it." Production was shut down for a while. DreamWorks later went to its production partners at PDI in Spring of 1997, when the movie "Antz" was still in production, to help "Shrek" get it's final computer-animated look.

“We did a lot of work on character and set-up, and then kept changing the set up while we were doing the animation,” Ramon Hui noted. “In "Antz" we had a facial system that gave us all the facial muscles under the skin. In Shrek we applied that to whole body. So if you pay attention to Shrek when he talks, you see that when he opens his jaw, he forms a double chin, because we have the fat and the muscles underneath. That kind of detail took us a long time to get right."

Saturday Night Live member Chris Farley was to be the voice for Shrek. He was able to voice around 80-90% of the script, although Chris' brother, Tom Farley, states that Farley had actually already recorded 95% of Shrek's dialogue for the movie, but died in 1997 before he finished voicing the character. Production was shut down again after Farley's death. Andrew Adamson stated "Chris Farley's death was before any animation had been done [although] we'd recorded an amount with him."

DreamWorks later asked Mike Myers to play Shrek, whom Myers wanted the writers to re-write the script to leave no traces of Farley's version of Shrek. After Myers had completed providing the voice for the character, when the film was well into production, he asked to re-record all of his lines in a Scottish accent similar to the one his mother had used when she told him bedtime stories. After hearing the alternative voice-over, Katzenberg agreed to redo scenes in the film, saying, "It was so good we took $4m worth of animation out and did it again."

The film was entered into the 2001 Cannes Film Festival, and was the first animated film since Disney's Peter Pan (1953) to receive that honour. "Shrek" open in more 3,587 movie theaters on its 2001 release, 11 of them showing them digitally, made possible by the THX Division of Lucasfilm. This was the first time that DreamWorks had shown one of its movies digitally. Produced on a $60 million budget, "Shrek" was commercially successful, becoming the highest-grossing animated movie ever to be released in Australia, passing the mark set by 1994's "The Lion King". In the United Kingdom, "Shrek" regained the top spot at the British box office after being beaten out the previous week by "", earning a $20.3 million since its opening in the UK. The film closed on December 6, 2001, after grossing $267,665,011 domestically along with $216,744,207 overseas for a worldwide total of $484,409,218. "Shrek" is the fourth-highest-grossing film of 2001 behind "Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone", "" and "Monsters Inc."

"Shrek" received critically good reviews, praising "Shrek" as an animated film worthy of adult interest, with many adult-oriented jokes and themes but a simple enough plot and humor to appeal to children. Review aggregate Rotten Tomatoes reports that 89 percent of critics have given the film a positive review based on 176 reviews, with an average score of 7.7/10. The general opinion is: "While simultaneously embracing and subverting fairy tales, the irreverent Shrek also manages to tweak Disney's nose, provide a moral message to children, and offer viewers a funny, fast-paced ride."

Roger Ebert liked the film, giving it four stars out of a possible four and describing it as "jolly and wicked, filled with sly in-jokes and yet somehow possessing a heart." USA Today's Susan Wloszczyna praised Eddie Murphy's performance, stating it "gives the comic performance of his career, aided by sensational digital artistry, as he brays for the slightly neurotic motormouth." Richard Schickel also enjoyed Murphy's role, stating, "No one has ever made a funnier jackass of himself than Murphy."

William Steig, the author of the original book, and his wife Jeanne Steig also enjoyed the film, stating "We all went sort of expecting to hate it, thinking, 'What has Hollywood done to it?' But we loved it. We were afraid it would be too sickeningly cute and, instead, Bill just thought they did a wonderful, witty job of it."

"Shrek" won the first ever Academy Award For Best Animated Feature, beating "Monsters, Inc." and "". "Entertainment Weekly" put it on its end-of-the-decade, "best-of" list, saying, "Prince Charming? So last millennium. This decade, fairy-tale fans--and Princess Fiona--fell for a fat and flatulent Ogre. Now, that's progress."

"Shrek" was also nominated for 6 BAFTA Award, including the BAFTA Award for Best Film. Eddie Murphy became the first actor to ever receive a BAFTA nomination for a voice-over performance. The film was also nominated for Best Visual Effects, Best Sound, Best Film Music, and won the BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.

"Shrek" was nominated for a dozen Annie Awards from ASIFA-Hollywood.

In June 2008, the American Film Institute revealed its "Ten top Ten"; the best ten films in ten "classic" American film genres—after asking 1,500 people for their opinions. "Shrek" was acknowledged as the eighth best film in the animated genre, and the only non-Disney·Pixar film on the top ten. It is also third on Bravo's 100 funniest films. "Shrek" was also ranked second in a Channel 4 poll of the "100 Greatest Family Films", losing out on the top spot to "E.T. the Extra-Terrestrial". In 2005, "Shrek" came sixth in Channel 4's 100 Greatest Cartoons poll behind "The Simpsons", "Tom and Jerry", "South Park", "Toy Story" and "Family Guy". In November 2009, the character, Lord Farquaad, was listed #14 in IGN UK's "Top 15 Fantasy Villains".


Small Talk (song)

"Small Talk" is a song by American recording artist Katy Perry. It was released on August 9, 2019. A music lyric video was released the same day. Perry wrote the song with Jacob Kasher Hindlin, Johan Carlsson, and singer Charlie Puth, while Puth and Carlsson produced it. Peter Karlsson produced the song's vocals. It is a pop song.

Bandhan Bank

Bandhan Bank is an Indian private bank. It's headquarter is at Kolkata, West Bengal. The bank's core business is short-term microfinance. Currently, the bank is present in 34 Indian states and union territories.

In 2001, Bandhan started as a non-profit microfinance company from Bagnan, a small village 60 km from Kolkata. In 2006, Bandhan acquired a Non-banking Finance Company (NBFC) and later in 2014, Bandhan got approval for setting up a bank.

By 2015, the country's central bank, also known as Reserve Bank of India granted the universal banking license which allowed it to commence operations.

In January 2019, Bandhan Bank commenced a process to acquire GRUH Finance, an Ahmedabad-based housing finance company.

Brian Kobilka

Brian Kent Kobilka (born May 30, 1955) is an American physiologist. He is best known for his work with G protein-coupled receptors, for which he was awarded the 2012 Nobel Prize for Chemistry with Robert Lefkowitz.He is currently a professor in the department of Molecular and Cellular Physiology at Stanford University School of Medicine. He was named a member of the National Academy of Sciences in 2011. 


Serranilla Bank

Serranilla Bank is an atoll in the southeastern Caribean. It is approximately northeast of Nicaragua. Only the eastern and southern part of the reef are visible. The bank is made up of several cays, and has a size of about by . It covers an area of about .Many parts of the coral reef are dry at low tide. The ocean has a depth of between and in most parts.

Northeast Breaker is a rock formation located about from the eastern rim.

East Cay is a small island, about west of the eastern rim. It is covered with bushes.

Beacon Cay is the biggest island of the bank. It is about southwest of East Cay. It is a sandy island, with some coral rock formations. It is covered with bushes. Grassgrows in some places. Between 30 and 50 coconut palms grow on the island. There is a daymark made of corals at the western end. There are some buildings. There's also an active lighthouse which has been in use since 1977. It is made of steel. The lighthouse is probably operated by Colombian authorities.

Middle Cay is a small island, made of sand. It is about west of East Cay.

West Beaker is a rock formation about west of Beacon Cay. The rock formation is dangerous for ships, because it is only about above the water surface, on a platform, made of corals. Sailors mentioned in 1985, that the maps of the time were inaccurate, and that the rocks extend another westward.

Daymark

A daymark is a sign used to help people navigate in lakes, rivers, or the ocean. It is fixed, but does not meet the criteria of a lighthouse. Very often, it is there for orientation, or to regulate traffic.

Charles Oser

Charles Oser (17 February 1902 – 29 March 1994) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland (FDP) and, was the 10th Chancellor of Switzerland from 1951 to 1967.

Oskar Leimgruber

Oskar Leimgruber (5 July 1886 – 19 July 1976) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP). He was the 9th Chancellor of Switzerland from 1944 to 1951.


University of Fribourg

The University of Fribourg (; ) is a university in Fribourg, Switzerland. It is the sixth-biggest university in Switzerland and the only one that is officially bilingual. Many branches offer lectures in German and French, some even in English. In some cases, courses in both languages must be taken to obtain a degree. There are about 10.500 students at the university.


University of Neuchâtel

The University of Neuchâtel (UniNE) is a university in Neuchâtel, Switzerland.


University of Zurich

The University of Zurich (UZH, ), located in the city of Zürich, is the largest university in Switzerland, with about 25,000 students. It was founded in 1833 and has seven faculties.

The University of Zurich was started in 1832 and opened in 1833. It was the first university in Europe to be started by a democratic state and not by a church or royalty. It came around 400 years after the University of Basel which started in 1460. Since 1525 there had already been a law, medicine and theology college in Zurich, so when the university began, the college became part of it. It was called the Universitas Turicensis. 

In the first semester, there were 161 students. Of which, 16 were studying theology, 26 law, 98 medicine and 21 philosophy. There were 26 professors and 29 lecturers. In 1840 the first women were allowed to sit in on lectures at the university. 

The university campus has buildings all over the city of Zürich. The main campuses are in the city centre, Irchelpark and Oerlikon. The construction of the university buildings started in 1973. The campus was inaugurated in 1979. 

There is a Museum of Medical History in the main building of the University.

University of Zurich and the ETH (Federal Institute for Technology) work together in the fields of bioscience and finance. 

The "Times Higher Education" ranked the University of Zurich 26th place in Europe and 85th worldwide. "Newsweek" ranked the university 11th in Europe and 46th worldwide.

The University of Zurich has an Academic Sports Association (ASVZ). The ASVZ offers a wide range of classes. The student association (VSUZH) organizes events and works with the university administration. 

The university has 16 canteens. Students and Staff get a discount when they show their university ID. 

‘Obere Mensa’ is the biggest canteen on campus. They have three set menus for lunch every day. You can choose from two meat options or a vegetarian/vegan option. ‘Untere Mensa’ is just a few steps away and offers three other menus. The menus cost can vary in price, from 6CHF to 17CHF depending on what you choose. Both canteens have a large salad and dessert buffet bar. 

Ernie Colón

Ernie Colón (July 13, 1931 – August 8, 2019) was an American comics artist. He was known for drawing comic books relating to superheroes, horror and politics. He was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico. Colón was best known for his works "Arak, Son of Thunder", "Amethyst, Princess of Gemworld", "Casper the Friendly Ghost", "Richie Rich", "SpyCat" and "The 9/11 Report: A Graphic Adaptation".

Colón died August 8, 2019 in Huntington, New York from colorectal cancer at the age of 88.

Huntington, New York

The Town of Huntington is a town in Suffolk County, New York, United States. It was founded in 1653. It is located on the north shore of Long Island. Huntington is part of the New York metropolitan area. As of the United States 2020 Census, the town population was 204,127.

Dave Parks

David Wayne Parks (December 25, 1941 – August 8, 2019) was an American football wide receiver/end in the NFL. He played for the San Francisco 49ers from 1964 to 1967, the New Orleans Saints from 1968 to 1972 and for the Houston Oilers in 1973. He was born in Muenster, Texas.

Parks died on August 8, 2019 in Austin, Texas at the age of 77.

Fahrudin Jusufi

Fahrudin Jusufi (; 8 December 1939 – 9 August 2019) was a Yugoslavian footballer. He played for the national team from 1959 to 1967. He played as a full-back. Jusufi also played for Partizan from 1957 to 1970 and for Eintracht Frankfurt from 1970 to 1972. Jusufi was born in Dragaš, Kingdom of Yugoslavia.

Jusufi died on 9 August 2019 in Hamburg, Germany at the age of 79.

Spitsbergen

Spitsbergen (which is also spelled Spitzbergen) is the largest island of the archipelago Svalbard. It was called West Spitsbergen until 1965. The name East Spitsbergen was proposed for the third-largest island of the group, Edgeøya.

Today, it is the only island on Svalvard which is settled permanently. The island has a size of about by 

There are only few active settlements on Spitsbergen, among them


There are several abandoned ones:


Liu Yifei

Liu Yifei (, born An Feng; August 25, 1987), also known as Crystal Liu, is a Chinese-American actress, singer, and model. She was born in Wuhan, Hubei, China, and graduated from the Beijing Film Academy in 2002. She played the role of Mulan in The Walt Disney Company's 2020 live-action movie "Mulan".



Selective mutism

Selective mutism (also referred as SM) is an anxiety disorder where a person normally cannot speak in specific situations, specific places, or to specific people if a certain condition is triggered. Selective mutism usually occurs while the person has a social anxiety disorder.<ref name="doi10.1007/s10862-005-3263-1"></ref> Children and adults with selective mutism are fully capable of speech and understanding language but simply cannot speak because they physically cannot speak in certain settings. People with selective mutism stay silent even when the consequences of their silence include shame, social rejection, or punishment. 

Islip, New York

Islip is a town in Suffolk County, New York.

Holtsville, New York

Holtsville is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population was 18,937 at the 2020 census.

Davidson, Oklahoma

Davidson is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Babylon (village), New York

Babylon is a village in Suffolk County, New York, United States. The population was 12,188 at the 2020 census. It is about from New York City at the Queens border, and about from Manhattan.

Deer Creek, Oklahoma

Deer Creek is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Jefferson, Oklahoma

Jefferson is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Lamont, Oklahoma

Lamont is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Manchester, Oklahoma

Manchester is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Nash, Oklahoma

Nash is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Centerville, New York

Centerville is a town in Allegany County, New York, United States. The population was 929 at the 2020 census.

Alfred (town), New York

Alfred is a town in Allegany County, New York.

Alfred (village), New York

Alfred is a village in Allegany County, New York.

Delaware, Oklahoma

Delaware is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Devol, Oklahoma

Devol is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Randlett, Oklahoma

Randlett is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Temple, Oklahoma

Temple is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Dewar, Oklahoma

Dewar is a town of Oklahoma, in the United States.

Winchester, Oklahoma

Winchester is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

New Lebanon, New York

New Lebanon is a town in Columbia County, New York, United States. It is about southeast of Albany. In 1910, 1,378 people lived in New Lebanon. The population was 2,514 at the 2020 census.

Lorenz Park, New York

Lorenz Park is a census-designated place (CDP) in Columbia County, New York, United States. The population was 2,001 at the 2020 census.

Wyandotte, Oklahoma

Wyandotte is a town of Oklahoma in the United States. It lies approximately one mile south of US Highway 60. Its name was derived from the Wyandotte tribe. They were removed from the area in 1867.

North Miami, Oklahoma

North Miami is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

North Enid, Oklahoma

North Enid is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Dibble, Oklahoma

Dibble is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Dover, Oklahoma

Dover is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Smith Village, Oklahoma

Smith Village is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Dickson, Oklahoma

Dickson is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Dill City, Oklahoma

Dill City is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Foss, Oklahoma

Foss is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Drummond, Oklahoma

Drummond is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Émile Guillemin

Émile Coriolan Hippolyte Guillemin (16 October 1841 – 1907) was a French sculptor of the Belle Époque. He worked in bronze. He studied under his father, the painter Auguste Guillemin, and under . He showed work at the Salon of Paris from 1870 to 1899, and in 1897 received an honourable mention at Musée du Louvre de Paris.
In 2008 his 1884 bronze sculpture "Femme Kabyle d'Algerie et Janissaire du Sultan Mahmoud II" (Kabyle woman from Algeria and Janissary of Sultan Mahmound II) sold for $1,202,500 plus auction fees in New York to a private collector through Sotheby's Auction House.

His equestrian sculpture, "Cavalier Arabe" is signed both by him and by Alfred Barye

It began at the Salon des Artistes Français in 1870, with two plasters of Roman gladiators, the bronze prints of which were acquired by the State for the Château de Saint-Germain-en-Laye. Guillemin collaborates with major art publishing houses, such as Barbedienne or Christofle.

Emile Coriolan Hippolyte Guillemin made his debut in the Paris Salon of 1870 where he exhibited a pair of Roman Gladiators, Retaire and Mirmillon, drawn from antiquity. Guillemin specialized in figurative works and was greatly inspired by the Middle East and its exoticism. Representations of Indian falconers, Turkish maidens and Japanese courtesans firmly established Guillemin's reputation as an Orientalist sculptor from the mid-1870's.

Guillemin continued to exhibit at the Salon until the end of the 1890s, where he exhibited a series of busts of oriental women in bronze. His busts are part of the Orientalist movement and therefore a particular context: Guillemin travels to North Africa and the Mediterranean basin in order to identify the anthropological characteristics of different local cultures.

In 2008, the pair of statues he made in 1884, which are known as e "Femme kabyle d'Algérie" et "Janissaire du sultan Mahmoud II" was sold at an auction at Sotheby's, in New York, for a sum of 1.202.500 USD, without charges.



Nordaustlandet

Nordaustlandet (translates to Northeast land) is the second biggest island of Svalbard. It lies to the northeast of Spitsbergen, which is the biggest island of the group, and the only islands with permanent settlements. Northeast land is about by . It is uninhabited, and there are no settlements on it. During World War II, Germans operated a weather station.

Edgeøya

Edgeøya is the third-largest island of Svalbard. It is east of Spitsbergen. Today, the island is uninhabited, but there are traces of human settlements: The Pomors left some huts, and probably came there in the 16th century. There are also abandoned whaling stations.

John Margetson

Sir John William Denys Margetson (9 October 1927 – 19 October 2020) was a British politician. He was the British Ambassador to Vietnam from 1978 to 1980, the United Nations from 1983 to 1984, and the Netherlands from 1984 to 1988.

He was appointed CMG in 1979 and knighted KCMG in 1986.

Margetson died on 19 October 2020 at the age of 93.

Jessie Reyez

Jessie Reyez (born June 12, 1991) is a Canadian singer and songwriter. Her single "Figures" (2016) peaked at number 58 on the Canadian Hot 100 in 2017. It was certified triple Platinum by Music Canada and Platinum by the RIAA. 

Her first EP, "Kiddo" (2017), won Breakthrough Artist at the 2018 Juno Awards. Her second EP, "Being Human in Public" (2018), won R&B/Soul Recording of The Year at the 2019 Juno Awards and was nominated for Best Urban Contemporary Album at the 2020 Grammy Awards. Reyez again won the R&B/Soul Recording of the Year, for "Feel it Too" with Tory Lanez and Tainy, at the 2020 Juno Awards, where she was also nominated for Artist of the Year. 

Her first album, "Before Love Came to Kill Us", was released on March 27, 2020. The album peaked at number 13 on the US Billboard 200.

Reyez has written songs for Calvin Harris, Kehlani, Dua Lipa and Normani. She has also worked with Eminem. 

Capita

Capita plc, commonly known as Capita, is an international business process outsourcing and professional services company headquartered in London.

It is the largest business process outsourcing and professional services company in the UK, with an overall market share of 29% in 2016, and has clients in central government, local government and the private sector. Roughly half of its turnover comes from the private sector and half from the public sector. Whilst UK-focused, Capita also has operations across Europe, Africa and Asia.

It is listed on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 250 Index.

Capita was founded in 1984, as a part of the non-profit CIPFA (Chartered Institute of Public Finance and Accountancy).

CVC Capital Partners

CVC Capital Partners is a Luxembourg-headquartered private equity firm with about US$111 billion in secured commitments since inception across European and Asian private equity, credit and growth funds. In total, the CVC Group manages US$70 billion of assets. Since 1981, CVC has completed over 300 investments across a wide range of industries and countries. CVC was founded in 1981 and today has over 400 employees working across its network of 24 offices throughout Europe, Asia and the Americas.

The company has invested in various companies including Avast: IT security company, RAC: automotive rescue service provider in the UK and Petco Holdings Inc.: major pet supplies retail chain.


Dougherty, Oklahoma

Dougherty is a town in Murray County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 199 at the 2020 census. American jazz and pop singer Kay Starr was born here.

Dustin, Oklahoma

Dustin is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Lamar, Oklahoma

Lamar is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Spaulding, Oklahoma

Spaulding is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Solar Hijri Calendar

The Solar Hijri calendar is the official calendar of Iran. It is only used in Iran and Afghanistan. The name of the calendar is abbreviated as SH. It is also called the Solar Hejri calendar and (; ).

Its year begins on the March equinox (Nowruz) at the Iranian standard meridian (52.5°E, ). Each year is 365 or 366 days long. 

Each of the twelve months corresponds with a zodiac sign. The first six months have 31 days, the next five have 30 days, and the last month has 29 days in usual years but 30 days in leap years. Its New Year's Day (1 Nowruz) always falls on the March equinox.

K. T. Shah

The Election Commission of India held the first presidential elections of India on May 2, 1952. Dr. Rajendra Prasad won his first election with 507,400 votes (83.81%) over his nearest rival K. T. Shah who got 92,827 votes (15.3%).

Noxubee County, Mississippi

Noxubee County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 10,285 people lived there. Its county seat is Macon.

Francis Fonseca

Francis William Fonseca (born 11 March 1967) is a Belizean politician who is the current Member of Parliament (MP) for Freetown constituency since 5 March 2003. He previously served as leader of the People's United Party (PUP) and as Leader of the Opposition of Belize from 2011 to 2016. First elected to the Belize House of Representatives in 2003, Fonseca served as Attorney General and Minister of Education, Culture and Labour in Prime Minister Said Musa's cabinet from 6 March 2003 until 9 February 2008, when the PUP lost the general election to the opposition United Democratic Party (UDP). Fonseca also served as the Chairman of the People's United Party (PUP) from 6 March 2003 to 22 February 2008. Fonseca was one of only six PUP area representatives nationwide to retain his seat in the National Assembly in the 2008 election.

Following the election defeat and subsequent resignation of Musa as prime minister and PUP leader on 30 March 2008, the party held a 2008 People's United Party (Belize) leadership election and convention to select its new leader. The party held it's nomination day on 21 February 2008 and the actual day for it's leadership election and convention on 30 March 2008. Fonseca along with second deputy leader of the PUP, Johnny Briceño stood as candidates for the party leadership at the convention, Fonseca was nominated by the United Woman's Group and several other constituency committees including Cayo West, Cayo North, Cayo South, Pickstock, Dangriga, Stann Creek West, Toledo East and Toledo West. Fonseca was thought to be the candidate preferred by the party establishment. He had the endorsements of former Prime minister, Said Musa and George Cadle Price. Fonseca also had the support of First Deputy Leader, Juan Vildo Marin and former Tourism minister, Godfrey Smith as well as from Secretary General, Henry Usher and Communication Director, Yasser Musa. Fonseca's campaigned for Leadership of the party has, to say the least, taken a life of its own. On 31 March 2008, results were announced and Fonseca was defeated by Briceño receiving 310 votes against 330 for Briceño. In Briceño acceptance speech after getting the results, Briceño acknowledged Fonseca and said “To Francis my brother, my friend, my college I offer my thanks for being a worthy opponent and a true and honourable man”. Following the resignation of Briceño as PUP leader on 7 October 2011, another 2011 People's United Party leadership election and convention was called. The party held it's nominations on 9 October 2011 and this time, both Fonseca and Albert Area Representative, Mark Espat submitted their nominations and ultimately stood as candidates for the party's leadership. However, this time the game was different. Fonseca campaigned well and sighted insecurity in the PUP that he will address if elected leader. After results were announced on 2 November 2011, it was made clear that Fonseca had emerged victorious over Espat. After he got into the leadership realms, Fonseca focused on delivering his promise and preparing the PUP for the 2012 general election. During the 2012 election campaign, he supported on further oil exploration and pledged a moratorium over continued exploration.

Mostar

Mostar is the fifth largest city in Bosnia and Herzegovina. In 2019 the city had a total population of 104,518. The city has several different cultures living in it but is mostly inhabited by Croats. Mostar is home to one of Bosnia and Herzegovina's most visited landmarks, The Old Bridge, which was damaged during the Croat-Bosniak War which also had ended up destroying most of the cities bridges, but since 1995 the city has been restored. The Old Bridge was built by the Ottomans and is an example of Islamic architecture in the Balkans.

Invasive

Invasive may refer to:

Board of Control for Cricket in India

The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) is the national governing body for cricket in India. The board was formed in December 1928 as a society, registered under the Tamil Nadu Societies Registration Act. It is a consortium of state cricket associations and the state associations select their representatives who in turn elect the BCCI Chief.

East Duke, Oklahoma

East Duke is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Constantia (town), New York

Constantia is a town in Oswego County, New York.

Mexico (village), New York

Mexico is a village in Oswego County, New York.

Becca's Bunch

Becca’s Bunch Is Show For Children That Aires On Nick Jr As Of July 2, 2018 ABC Kids (US)

Characters

List Of Becca’s Bunch Characters



List of Becca's Bunch characters

These Are Characters From Becca’s Bunch

Characters

Bunch

Becca Is The Main Character Of The Show

She Is A Spunky, Clever, Compassionate Bird Who Never Gives Up And Often Playing With Others, Her Confidence Is Often Seen On Occasion, She Is Also Cheerful And Innocent, She Is The Leader Of The Group

Becca’s Catchphrase Is “Bunch Crunch”

Russell Is A Bunch Member From Becca’s Bunch He Is 11-Years Old

Brave, outgoing, and strong-willed, Russell Is very bold And overconfident. He often gets overexcited. While happy-go-lucky And very loud, Russell has a cousin he is nervous of

Russell’s Catchphrase Is “Macadamia!”

Sliva Is A Bunch Member From Becca’s Bunch And Is 11-Years Old

Sliva Sure Does Have A Lot Of Things Up Her Sleeve! Clever, Smart, And Intelligent, Silva Is Easily The Brains Of The Group, She Always Uses Stuff On Adventures To Help Her Frineds

Sliva Does Not Have A Catchphrase

Pedro Is A Bunch Member From Becca’s Bunch And Is 11-Years Old

Pedro Is Adventurous And Smart, However, He Does Show His Lack Of Confidence In Some Episodes, He Is A Bit High-Strug But Mostly A Friendly Person, Pedro Is Somewhat Lazy Aa Well, As He Fell Asleep During A Race

Pedro’s Catchphrase Is “I Am Not Diggin It” It Shows His Occasional Lack Of Confidence Even Though He Is Confident Most Times

Harmon Northrop Morse

Harmon Northrop Morse (October 15, 1848 – September 8, 1920) was an American chemist. He is known as the creator of paracetamol, a pain reliever.

Open Publication License

The Open Publication License (OPL) is a public copyright license for documents, it was published by the Open Content Project in 1999 to replace the Open Content License, which was published in 1998.


ISO image

An ISO image is an archive file that contains data to be written to an optical disc including the optical disc file system.


Herut

The Herut Party (Herut means freedom in Hebrew) was a right-wing Zionist political party in Israel. Herut was founded by Menachem Begin following Israel's independence in 1948. Herut believed that all of British Mandatory Palestine belonged to the Jews. Herut was opposed to Israel accepting money from West Germany as an apology for the Holocaust. Herut believed security was very important. Israel's first Prime Minister David Ben-Gurion thought Herut was radical and he compared Menachem Begin and the other members of the Herut party to Adolf Hitler and the Nazis. Herut's leader Menachem Begin was not a Socialist so he formed an alliance in 1965 with the Liberal Party to create the Liberal-Freedom Bloc known in Hebrew as Gush Herut Liberalim or Gahal. In September 1973, Gahal merged with the Free Centre, the National List and the non-parliamentary Movement for Greater Israel to create the Likud, which was at first an alliance. In 1988 it became a party and Herut dissolved.

Barraba, New South Wales

Barraba is a village in New South Wales, Australia. This village is in the New England region and it is in the local government area of Tamworth Regional Council. This village is also in the Bundarra-Barraba Important Bird Area. This area is for the conservation of an endangered bird, the Regent Honeyeater ("Anthochaera phrygia").

Barraba is 477 kilometres (296 miles) north-west from Sydney and 548 kilometres (341 miles) south-west from Brisbane. Barraba is 90 kilometres (56 miles) north from Tamworth, which is the nearest city. The Manilla River flows next to Barraba. This village is on a road called "Fossickers Way" and it is in a mountain range called the Nandewar Range at an altitude of 500 metres (1,640 feet) above sea level.

Indigenous Australians called the Kamilaroi lived in the district before the European people arrived. The first European in the district was an explorer and botanist named Allan Cunningham, who came there in 1827. The first farm in the district, "Barraba Station", began in 1837 or 1838. The site of the village was surveyed in 1852.

The discovery of gold helped the village to grow bigger. The first post office was opened in 1856 and the first school was opened in 1861. The first Anglican church was built in 1876 and the first bank was also opened in 1876. The first hotel, "The Commercial Hotel", was built in 1878 and the first court house was built in 1881. Barraba was officially called a village in 1885. The hospital was built in 1891 and the Methodist church was built in 1898.

Barraba's newspaper, "The Barraba Gazette", began publishing in 1900, but the newspaper closed in 2020. The Catholic church was built in 1906. The railway came to Barraba in 1908, however the last train went to Barraba in 1983 and the line closed in 1987. The Connors Creek Dam was built in 1933. This dam improved the water supply of the village.

Copper was discovered at Gulf Creek in 1889 and the first mine was started in 1892. Gulf Creek is 22 kilometres (14 miles) north-east from Barraba. A small village began to grow, which had a hotel, a school, and a post office. This copper mine was the biggest copper mine in New South Wales in 1903 and the little village had 300 people living there. The mine was closed in the 1930s, and the post office was closed in 1966. The little village was abandoned.

Asbestos was mined from 1919 until 1983 at Woodsreef, which was a little village 15 kilometres (10 miles) east from Barraba. The mine was made bigger in 1974. This mine produced 5,000,000 metric tonnes of white asbestos.

The abandoned mine left behind 75,000,000 metric tonnes of waste rocks and 25,000,000 metric tonnes of asbestos. The asbestos heap covers 43 hectares (107 acres) and is up to 70 metres (230 feet) high.

A television report in 2008 described the growing worry that the remaining asbestos could harm the health for the people who live in Barraba and for the people who visit the village. A foundation, "The Asbestos Diseases Foundation of Australia", demanded that the mine should be cleaned up. This foundation also demanded that people must not be allowed to go to the mine. A public dirt road crossed the mine site but that road was closed in 2013. The little village was abandoned.

The government health service, "Hunter-New England Health", did an urgent study about the possible harm to the health of the people of Barraba, but that study has not been published.

Diatomite, or diatomaceous earth, is a mineral made from the fossils of diatoms. This mineral is used to make explosives, filters, abrasives, insecticide, thermal materials, catalysis support, and in farming, and construction. A mine was started near Barraba in 1982.

Pyrites, jasper, garnets, zeolite, and red, yellow, and brown quartz can be found around Barraba. Searching for these jewels is called fossicking. People can also find fossils around Barraba.

The farms in the district have cattle for beef, merino sheep for wool and mutton, and they can also grow wheat.

The summers in Barraba are hot and humid, and the winters here are cold and dry. The highest recorded temperature is 41.8° Celsius (107° Fahrenheit) and the lowest recorded temperature is -9.4° Celsius (15° Fahrenheit). The average yearly rainfall is 688.7 millimetres (27 inches) and the most rain that fell in one day is 194.3 millimetres (7.5 inches) which fell on February 25, 1955.

Before Split Rock Dam was built, the people in Barraba got their water from the Manilla River, Barraba Creek, and Connors Creek Dam. When these sources were almost empty, the people got their water from emergency wells.

The Split Rock Dam was built in 1988 and a pipeline from that dam to Barraba was built in 2015.


Ben Wallace (politician)

Robert Ben Lobban Wallace (born 15 May 1970) is a British politician. He has been the Secretary of State for Defence from 24 July 2019 to 31 August 2023. He was the UK’s longest-serving Minister of State for Security and Economic Crime from 2016 to 2019. Wallace is a member of the Conservative Party. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Wyre and Preston North since the 2010 United Kingdom general election. 

Wallace was first elected as the MP for Lancaster and Wyre in the 2005 United Kingdom general election. He was a Captain in the British Army.

On 15 July 2023, Wallace announced his plan to resign as Secretary of State for Defence at the next Cabinet reshuffle and confirmed that he would not be seeking re-election as an MP at the next general election. On 31 August 2023, Wallace formally resigned as Secretary of State for Defence.

Mark Carney

Mark Joseph Carney (born March 16, 1965) is a Canadian-born British-Irish economist and banker. He was the governor of the Bank of Canada from 2008 to 2013 and Governor of the Bank of England from 2013 until 2020 and was Chairman of the Financial Stability Board from 2011 to 2018.

Robert Buckland

Sir Robert James Buckland (born 22 September 1968) is a British politician. He was Secretary of State for Wales from 7 July 2022 to 25 October 2022. Buckland was the Lord Chancellor and Secretary of State for Justice from July 2019 until September 2021. He is a member of the Conservative Party. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Swindon South since the 2010 United Kingdom general election.

Najm ad-Din Ayyub

Najm ad-Din Ayyub (Arabic: نجم الدين أيوب) (died August 9, 1173) was a Kurdish soldier and politician from Dvin ( capital of early medieval Armenia ) His son was Saladin (Salah ah-Din), He is eponymous ancestor of the Ayyubid dynasty.

Ægypt

Ægypt is a series of four novels written by American author John Crowley. 

Devil May Cry

The Devil May Cry series is a hack and slash video game series where the player fights demons using both melee weapons and firearms. The video game series has five main games and one reboot game.

For most of the series, the player plays as Dante, a demon-hunter who is half-human and half-demon. The player earns upgrades, learns new moves, and buys items using Red Orbs, a pickup the player gets by exploring the level and killing enemies. The player gets more Red Orbs from enemies by getting a higher Combo Ranking. The player increases their Combo Ranking by killing multiple enemies quickly without getting hurt and by using many different attacks in a short amount of time.

Interestingly enough, the first "Devil May Cry" game was supposed to be "Resident Evil 4". However, the game became so different from earlier "Resident Evil" games that the development team decided that the game should be a new IP instead of a Resident Evil game. The first "Devil May Cry" game sold well and got good reviews. Due to the game's popularity, it had several sequels and inspired other hack and slash games like "Bayonetta."

Despite the first game getting good reviews, the sequel, "Devil May Cry 2", got poor reviews. Nonetheless, since the second game sold well there was enough money to make "", which got many good reviews, although it got some criticisms for being such a difficult game. "Devil May Cry 4" also got good reviews, and the difficulty was made a little easier so that more people could enjoy it, but it was criticized for reusing levels instead of making more levels. Worried that the game series could lose its appeal to video game players if it did not change the game series much, Capcom hired a British game developer named Ninja Theory to reboot the game series with "". The game was loosely based on the story of the earlier games, but the game had a much darker tone and Dante's look and personality was changed a lot. While the game got positive reviews from professional critics, it was criticized very heavily by fans of the series, who did not like Dante's new look and personality. Due to harsh criticisms from the fans, Capcom decided to continue the original series by making "Devil May Cry 5".

Gahal

The Gahal Alignment was an Israeli political party from 1965 until the establishment of Likud in 1973. Gahal is an abbreviation for Gush Herut Liberalim, which is Hebrew for "Freedom-Liberal Bloc". It was created by Menachem Begin who was at the time the leader of the Herut Party when Begin decided to form an alliance with the Liberal Party of Israel. Gahal was fiscally conservative because the Liberals were and strongly in favour of security because Herut was. In 1973, Gahal joined with a number of other political parties including the Free Centre, the National List and the Greater Israel movement to become Likud under the leadership of Menachem Begin.

Philip May

Sir Philip John May (born 18 September 1957) is a British investment relationship manager and Conservative Party activist. He is the husband of Theresa May, the former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.

Rostislav Rybakov

Rostislav Borisovich Rybakov (; (28 March 1938 – 7 August 2019) was a Russian scholar. His syudies were about Oriental Studies. He was also a writer and the director of the Institute of Oriental Studies of the Russian Academy of Sciences (Institute of Oriental Studies). He was one of the founders of "PEACE through CULTURE", a non governmental organization based in Austria.

Oscar Malbernat

Oscar Miguel "Cacho" Malbernat Candela (2 February 1944 – 9 August 2019) was an Argentine footballer and manager. He was the captain of Estudiantes de La Plata between 1967 and 1972. He played for Boca Juniors in 1972 and Racing Club de Avellaneda in 1973. From 1966 to 1970, Malbernat played for the national team. Malbernat was born in La Plata, Argentina.

Malbernat died of kidney failure in La Plata on 9 August 2019 at the age of 75.


Cándido Sibilio

Cándido Antonio "Chicho" Sibilio Hughes (3 October 1958 – 10 August 2019) was a Dominican-Spanish basketball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1980 Summer Olympics. He played for FC Barcelona Bàsquet from 1976 to 1989.

Sibilio died on 10 August 2019 in San Gregorio de Nigua, in the southern coast of the Dominican Republic from problems caused by diabetes, aged 60.


Rocket launcher

A rocket launcher is a weapon that shoots rockets. Rockets are explosives that fly towards their targets by burning fuel. Some rocket launchers are mounted on a truck, and others are a type of recoilless rifle. Anti-tank guided missiles became commonplace in the late 20th century because they follow their target even if they were not aimed straight at them.

Rockets were invented by the Chinese after they discovered gun powder. In World War II, rocket launchers became powerful enough to destroy tanks.

Many people mistakenly call all rocket launchers bazookas, but the bazooka is only one type of rocket launcher. Other kinds include the RPG-7, the LAW, the AT-4, the SMAW, and the Panzerschreck.

Bluey Adams

Frank "Bluey" Adams (12 June 1935 – 11 August 2019) was an Australian rules football player. He played in the Victorian Football League (VFL) for the Melbourne Football Club from 1953 to 1964. Adams was born in Victoria, Australia.

Adams died at the age of 84 on 11 August 2019 from cancer.


Recoilless rifle

Recoilless rifles are guns that can shoot very large bullets or explosives without any recoil. This is important because Newton's First Law of Motion teaches that whenever something moves, there is a motion that goes the opposite direction that is just as strong. This is why guns have recoil. Whenever a gun shoots a bullet forward, the bullet going forward creates an equally strong movement backward. The heavier a bullet is, the more force needed to fire a bullet forward, and therefore the more force the bullet sends the gun backward. Recoilless rifles can fire very large bullets and explosives without hurting their users because they are made with a hole in the back of the gun so that the force from firing the gun goes behind the user, rather than towards the user's shoulder. People using recoilless rifles must be very careful that no one is behind them when they are shooting because the force going behind the gun, or the backblast, is powerful enough to kill a person.

Darryl Drake

Darryl Drake (December 11, 1956 – August 11, 2019) was an American football player and coach. He was born in Louisville, Kentucky. His career lasted four decades, including stints as the wide receivers coach of the Chicago Bears, Arizona Cardinals, and Pittsburgh Steelers of the National Football League (NFL). Drake played wide receiver for Western Kentucky University from 1975 to 1978.

Drake played for the Washington Redskins in 1979. He later played for the Ottawa Rough Riders in 1981 and for the Cincinnati Bengals in 1983.

Drake was found dead on August 11, 2019 at his home in Latrobe, Pennsylvania at the age of 62.

Walter Martínez (footballer)

Walter Julián Martínez Ramos (; 28 March 1982 – 11 August 2019) a.k.a. Pery , was a Honduran professional football striker. He last played for Beijing Capital United at Chinese City Football Super League. Martínez started his professional career at Victoria and made his debut on 25 November 2000 against Deportes Savio. He played for Vida in La Ceiba, and Marathón in San Pedro Sula. He was born in Tegucigalpa, Honduras.

Martínez died on 11 August 2019 in New York City from a heart attack at the age of 37.

Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark (movie)

Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark is a 2019 American horror movie directed by André Øvredal. It is based on the children's book series of the same name by Alvin Schwartz. The screenplay was adapted by Dan and Kevin Hageman. It was produced by Guillermo del Toro, as well as Patrick Melton and Marcus Dunstan. It stars Zoe Colletti, Michael Garza, Gabriel Rush, Austin Abrams, Dean Norris, Gil Bellows, and Lorraine Toussaint. 

"Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark" was released on August 9, 2019, by Lionsgate. The movie received generally positive reviews with an 80% on Rotten Tomatoes.

Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark

Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark is a series of three collections of short horror stories for children. It was written by Alvin Schwartz and originally illustrated by Stephen Gammell. 

In 2011, HarperCollins published editions with new art by Brett Helquist. The titles of the books are "Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark" (1981), "More Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark" (1984), and "Scary Stories 3: More Tales to Chill Your Bones" (1991). 

A movie version was released on August 9, 2019.

There is also an audiobook version of each book, read by George S. Irving.

As of 2017, the books had collectively sold more than seven million copies.

Alvin Schwartz (children's author)

Alvin Schwartz (April 25, 1927 – March 14, 1992) was an American author and journalist. He wrote more than fifty books about folklore and word play, many of which were for young readers. He wrote many horror books, but is best known for writing the horror novel series "Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark". 

Schwartz died of lymphoma in Princeton, New Jersey on March 14, 1992, six weeks before his 65th birthday.


J. Neil Schulman

Joseph Neil Schulman (; April 16, 1953 – August 11, 2019) was an American novelist. He wrote "Alongside Night" (published 1979) and "The Rainbow Cadenza" (published 1983). He won the Prometheus Award. His third novel, "Escape from Heaven", was also a finalist for the 2002 Prometheus Award. His fourth and latest novel, "The Fractal Man," was a finalist for the 2019 Prometheus Award.

Schulman was born in Queens, New York. He died of a pulmonary embolism on August 11, 2019 in Colorado Springs, Colorado at the age of 66.


DJ Arafat

Ange Didier Houon (26 January 1986 – 12 August 2019) also known as DJ Arafat, or Arafat Muana, was an Ivorian DJ and singer. He made music in the Coupé-Décalé genre. Arafat was one of the first musicians living in the Ivory Coast to have one million YouTube views in less than a day. This was because of his song "Moto Moto" became popular.

On 12 August, 2019, Arafat died in a motorcycle crash in Abidjan, Ivory Coast, aged 33.

José Luis Brown

José Luis Brown (10 November 1956 – 12 August 2019) was an Argentine footballer. He played as a central defender, and coach.

He played for Estudiantes. He also competed professionally in Colombia, France and Spain. Brown represented the Argentina national team at the 1986 World Cup and three Copa América tournaments. In 1995, he began a career as a manager.

Brown died on 12 August 2019 in hospital in La Plata, Argentina from illness originating with Alzheimer's disease at the age of 62.

Florin Halagian

Florin Vașken Halagian (7 March 1939 – 12 August 2019) was a Romanian football player and manager. He was the manager who has the most matches in Liga I with 878 games. He played for Dinamo București. He managed Argeș Pitești and the Romanian national team. Halagian was born in Bucharest.

Halagian died on 12 August 2019 in Bucharest at the age of 80.

Jan Simonsen

Jan Simonsen (3 March 1953 – 12 August 2019) was a Norwegian journalist and politician. He was a member of Storting from 1989 to 2005. He was a member of the Progress Party until he was removed from the party in 2001. From 2003 to 2004 he was deputy leader of the Democrats party. He was born in Stavanger, Norway.

Simonsen died on 12 August 2019 from cancer in Oslo at the age of 66.

Prince Michael of Kent

Prince Michael of Kent, (Michael George Charles Franklin; born 4 July 1942) is a member of the British royal family. He is the first cousin of Queen Elizabeth II. He is the grandson of King George V and Queen Mary. He is the 48th in the line of succession to the British throne, but at the time of his birth was seventh in the line of succession.

His godfather was President Franklin D. Roosevelt.

Title

4 July 1942 His Royal Highness Prince Michael of Kent 

Ana Ortiz

Ana Ortiz (born January 25, 1971) is an American actress and singer.

Ortiz is known for her role as Hilda Suarez in the ABC comedy-drama series "Ugly Betty" from 2006 to 2010. She also appeared in many movies like "Labor Pains" (2009) and "" (2011), and starred in "" (2008).

Nadia Toffa

Nadia Toffa (June 10, 1979 – August 13, 2019) was an Italian journalist and television presenter. She worked for the satirical current affairs program "Le Iene". In 2017, hers was the third most searched-for personal name on Google. Toffa was born in Brescia, Italy.

Toffa died on August 13, 2019 from brain cancer at the age of 40.

Héctor José Cámpora

Héctor José Cámpora (26 March 190918 December 1980) was an Argentine dentist and Peronist politician. He was a major figure of left-wing Peronism Cámpora. He was the 38th President of Argentina from 25 May until 13 July 1973.

After the March 1976 coup d'état, Cámpora sought refuge at the Mexican embassy in Buenos Aires. Three years later, after being diagnosed with laryngeal cancer, he was allowed to fly to México. Cámpora died in Cuernavaca on 18 December 1980, aged 71.


Ernesto Pérez Balladares

Ernesto Pérez Balladares González-Revilla (born June 29, 1946), nicknamed "El Toro" ("The Bull"), is a Panamanian politician. He was the President of Panama between 1994 and 1999.

Laurentino Cortizo

Laurentino "Nito" Cortizo Cohen (;born January 30, 1953) is a Panamanian politician. He has been the President of Panama since 2019. Cortizo Cohen is the former President of the National Assembly and Minister of Agricultural and Livestock Development. He was also a member of the National Assembly between 1994 and 2004. 

In June 2022, Cortizo was diagnosed with myelodysplastic syndrome.

Mireya Moscoso

Mireya Elisa Moscoso Rodríguez de Arias (born July 1, 1946) is a Panamanian politician. She was the 34th President of Panama from September 1, 1999 to August 31, 2004. She is the country's first female president.


Ricardo de la Espriella

Ricardo de la Espriella Toral (born September 5, 1934) is a Panamanian politician. He was the President of Panama from July 31, 1982 to February 13, 1984.

Nicolás Ardito Barletta Vallarino

Nicolás Ardito Barletta Vallarino (born August 21, 1938) is a Panamanian politician. He was the President from October 11, 1984 to September 28, 1985.

Martín Torrijos

Martín Erasto Torrijos Espino (; born July 18, 1963) is a Panamanian politician. He was 35th President of Panama from September 1, 2004 to June 30, 2009. His father was Omar Torrijos, who was the Military Leader of Panama from 1968 to 1981.

Ricardo Martinelli

Ricardo Alberto Martinelli Berrocal, (born March 11, 1952) is a Panamanian politician and businessman. He was the 36th President of Panama from 2009 to 2014.

In May 2017, Interpol issued a warrant for his arrest due to spying on journalists in Panama. He is also suspected of embezzlement on a $45 million contract to purchase food for schools. Martinelli was arrested on June 12, 2017 to face extradition to Panama. He was extradited to Panama on June 11, 2018 to face the wiretapping charges.

Aristides Royo

Aristides Royo Sánchez (born August 14, 1940) is a Panamanian politician. He was President of Panama from October 11, 1978. He was pressured by the military to resign on July 31, 1982.

Hipólito Mejía

Rafael Hipólito Mejía Domínguez (born 22 February 1941), is a Dominican politician. He was President of the Dominican Republic from 2000 to 2004.

Leonel Fernández

Leonel Antonio Fernández Reyna () (born December 26, 1953) is a Dominican lawyer, academic, and politician. He was President of the Dominican Republic from 1996 to 2000 and from 2004 to 2012. 

Since January 2016, he is the President of the EU–LAC Foundation.

Guido Vildoso

General Guido Vildoso Calderón (born 5 April 1937) is a Bolivian politician. He was the de facto President of Bolivia from July 1982 to October 1982.

Alejandro Giammattei

Alejandro Eduardo Giammattei Falla (born 9 March 1956) is a Guatemalan politician. He was the President of Guatemala from 14 January 2020 until 14 January 2024. He was elected president after winning the second round of the 2019 presidential election. He was a candidate for President in the 2007, 2011, 2015, and 2019 elections.

Álvaro Colom

Álvaro Colom Caballeros (; June 15, 1951 – January 23, 2023) was a Guatemalan politician. He was the President of Guatemala from 2008 to 2012.

Colom died at a hospital in Guatemala City, Guatemala from esophageal cancer at the age of 71.

Alfonso Portillo

Alfonso Antonio Portillo Cabrera (born September 24, 1951) is a Guatemalan politician. He was the 33rd President of Guatemala from 2000 to 2004.


President of Guatemala

The President of Guatemala () officially known as the President of the Republic of Guatemala (), is the head of state and head of government of Guatemala, elected to a single four-year term.

The job of President was created in 1839. From 1821 until 1839, the head of state of Guatemala was styled simply as Head of State ().

According to article 185 of the constitution, the following is required to be president:


The most recent president to die was Álvaro Colom (served 2008–2012), on 23 January 2023, at the age of 71.

Jorge Serrano Elías

Jorge Antonio Serrano Elías (born April 26, 1945) is a Guatemalan politician. He was President of Guatemala from January 14, 1991 to June 1, 1993.

Ramiro de León Carpio

Ramiro de León Carpio (January 12, 1942 – April 16, 2002) was a Guatemalan politician. He was the President of Guatemala from June 6, 1993 until January 14, 1996.

De León died while in a diabetic coma at a Miami hospital on April 16, 2002 at the age of 60.


Vinicio Cerezo

Marco Vinicio Cerezo Arévalo (born December 26, 1942) is a Guatemalan politician. He was the President of Guatemala from January 14, 1986 to January 14, 1991.


Spouse of the prime minister of the United Kingdom

The spouse of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom is the wife or husband of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.

There have been forty-four women and three men who have been married to British prime ministers in office. There have also been four bachelor and nine widower prime ministers; the last bachelor was Edward Heath (1970–1974) and the last widower was Ramsay MacDonald (1924, 1929–1935). 

The Duke of Grafton (1766–1768) is the only Prime Minister to have divorced and remarried while in office, while Boris Johnson was the only one to have a "de jure" spouse in Marina Wheeler, due to their separation in 2018. Johnson eventually married Carrie Johnson in 2021. They were the first unmarried couple to live in Downing Street before their marriage.

The role of the British prime minister's spouse is not an official office and are not given a salary or official duties. Over time the position has evolved. Cherie Blair, have gained public attention through their own independent careers and achievements, as well as attending engagements such as the African First Ladies Summit.

There are currently seven living spouses of former prime ministers:

Sarah Jane Brown

Sarah Jane Brown (née Macaulay; born 31 October 1963), usually known as Sarah Brown, is a British campaigner for global health and education, founder and president of the children's charity Theirworld.

She was a founding partner of Hobsbawm Macaulay Communications. She is married to Gordon Brown, who was Chancellor of the Exchequer from 1997 to 2007 and Prime Minister of the United Kingdom from 2007 to 2010.

Norma Major

Dame Norma Christina Elizabeth Major, (' Wagstaff, formerly Johnson; born 12 February 1942) was an English philanthropist. She is the wife of Sir John Major.

Marina Wheeler

Marina Claire Wheeler (born 18 August 1964) is a British lawyer, writer and columnist. She was appointed Queen's Counsel in 2016. She was married to former British Prime Minister Boris Johnson; however, during 2018 the couple separated and later divorced in 2020. 

In September 2018, Johnson and Wheeler announced that they had separated "some time ago", following continuing allegations of marital infidelity against Johnson. It was also announced that divorce proceedings had started.

In July 2019, after Johnson became Prime Minister, Wheeler became the Spouse of the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom.

In August 2019, Wheeler revealed that she was diagnosed with cervical cancer and is currently cancer-free.

Michael Jayston

Michael James (29 October 1935 – 5 February 2024), known professionally as Michael Jayston, was an English actor. He played The Valeyard in the 1986 "Doctor Who" serial "The Trial of a Time Lord". He also played in a radio version of the novel "You Only Live Twice" in 1990, performing James Bond. He also appeared in the BBC comedy series "Only Fools and Horses" in 1996, playing Raquel's father. Jayston lived in Hove, Sussex. He died on 5 February 2024, at the age of 88, following a short illness.


Eugene Scalia

Eugene Scalia (born August 14, 1963) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the 28th United States Secretary of Labor from September 30, 2019 until January 20, 2021. He was a partner in the Washington, D.C. office of the law firm Gibson, Dunn & Crutcher.

He is a son of late U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice Antonin Scalia.

In July 2019, Scalia was nominated by President Donald Trump to become the next United States Secretary of Labor. He was confirmed on September 26, 2019 with a 53–44 vote.


Joseph Maguire

Joseph Maguire (born August 14, 1951) is an American military personnel. He was the acting Director of National Intelligence from August 2019 to February 2020. He was also the Director of the National Counterterrorism Center from December 2018 to August 2019. 

He retired from the United States Navy as a Vice Admiral in 2010 after 36 years of military service. He was the Deputy Director for Strategic Operational Planning at National Counterterrorism Center (NCTC).

Patrick Pizzella

Patrick Pizzella (born May 19, 1954) is an American politician. He is the United States Deputy Secretary of Labor since April 2018. He was formerly a member of the Federal Labor Relations Authority appointed by President Barack Obama. With the resignation of Alexander Acosta, Pizzella was the acting United States Secretary of Labor from July 20, 2019 until September 30, 2019.

Chris Pilkerton

Christopher Michael Pilkerton is an American lawyer and politician. He was the acting Administrator of the Small Business Administration from April 2019 through January 2020. He was an assistant director of Law and Public Policy at the Catholic University of America and a Senior Counselor to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission.

Health regeneration (video games)

Health regeneration is a feature in video games where if the player takes damage, they can get back the health they lost if they wait and do not take any more damage. The first game with this feature was "Punch Out!!" for the Nintendo Entertainment System.

Many people think "" was the first First-person shooter game to have health regeneration, but it was not. Health regeneration was not even in the first "Halo" game, but it was added in "Halo 2" and was a feature in most "Halo" games since then. Even so, it has existed in shooter games before "Halo". Nonetheless, since "Halo 2", it became more common to have have health regeneration instead of health bars and it later became standard in shooter games. Other shooter games that use health regeneration include the "Call of Duty" games, the "Gears of War" games, and the "Sniper Elite" games.

Israeli Liberal Party

The Israeli Liberal Party (, "Miflaga Libralit Yisraelit") was a political party that was active in Israel in the 1950s and 60s. The Liberals were created by an alliance of the Progressive Party and the General Zionists. The Liberal party was generally fiscally conservative but in other issues were normally left-centrist. In 1963, the Liberals joined with Menachem Begin and the Herut party to become Gahal.

Sniper Elite

The Sniper Elite series is a series of stealth-based World War II third-person shooter video games with special attention placed on long-distance bullet physics. In these games, players need to pay attention to how far their enemies are, the effective range of their sniper rifles, and how hard the wind is blowing, since all of these will affect where the player's bullets will hit. Most of the levels are about the player going to the vantage point (the best place for a sniper to kill his or her target), killing or destroying his or her target, and evacuating the area.

Players will need to use stealth throughout the levels, since the player can die with just a few hits. If players fire their rifles when there are loud noises in the background, the player can kill enemy soldiers without other soldiers noticing. However, the player must be careful to hide dead bodies or shoot when no one is watching, since dead bodies will alert other enemy soldiers and make them harder to hit. If the player holds his or her lungs, the in-game time will slow down and there will be a marker that shows where the bullet will hit. The games have an X-ray feature that shows where the bullets hit the enemy and how the bullets injure enemies. Points are awarded based on how far the player is, where the player hits the enemy, and whether other enemy soldiers notice the player killing them.

Along with a sniper rifle, the player can also carry a pistol, a submachine gun, and explosives. Some pistols have a suppressor so that the player can kill enemies without being heard, others do not, so the player must be careful when choosing his or her weapons. Submachine guns are best used in emergency close-quarters firefights, but the player must be careful not to waste ammo. Explosives can be used to lay traps for the enemy or protect the player from being flanked.

In some of the games, there are DLC levels where the player is sent to assassinate Adolf Hitler.

Jumpscare

A jumpscare is a way to scare the audience using sudden, loud noises and/or quick visual changes. It is not only used in horror movies, but also in many video games as well. They are often criticized, with people saying it is a cheap and/or lazy way to scare the audience.

Calcium sulfide

Calcium sulfide is a chemical compound made of one calcium atom and one sulphide atom. It has the chemical formula CAS. It is white and forms cubes.

It has a high melting point of 2,525 Celsius (4,577 °F; 2,798 Kelvin), and decomposes upon contact with water.

Chitetsu Watanabe

Chitetsu Watanabe (渡邉智哲; "Watanabe Chitetsu", 5 March 1907 – 23 February 2020) was a Japanese farmer and supercentenarian.
Born on 5 March 1907 in the village of Uragawara, which now is Joetsu, in Niigata Prefecture, Japan to farmers, Watanabe studied at Niigata Prefectural Takada Agricultural High School before moving to Taiwan where he lived and worked for the sugarcane company Dai-Nippon Sugar Company though until the end of World War II when he returned to Jōetsu. He lived with his son's family until 2015 when he aged 108 got infected by influenza and moved to a retirement home. He had in total 5 children, 12 grandchildren, 16 great-grandchildren and one great-great-grandchild, who was born on 15 January 2019, just five days before 113-year-old Hokkaido man Masazō Nonaka's death, upon which Watanabe became the oldest living man, although German World War II-veteran Gustav Gerneth (15 October 1905? – 22 October 2019) and Mexican Domingo Villa Avisencio (26 August 1906? – 3 November 2019) claimed to be older. He was officially recognized by Guinness World Records as the oldest living man on 12 February 2020, and believed the secret to a long life was laughing often, forgetting bad things and avoiding to get angry, and said on his 112th birthday in early March 2019 that he wanted to try his best to eat delicious healthy food until age 120 and might eat his own food except hard food and liked sweet food.

Watanabe died 11:10 p.m. the late evening of 23 February 2020, just eleven days before his 113th birthday, and was succeeded as the oldest living man by Englishman Robert Weighton.

John Millington Synge

Edmund John Millington Synge (16 April 1871 – 24 March 1909) was an Irish playwright, poet, prose writer, travel writer and collector of folklore. He is best known for his play "The Playboy of the Western World". 

Typhoon Francisco (2019)

Typhoon Francisco was a typhoon that devastated Japan, especially Kyushu, and South Korea. It was the next typhoon after Typhoon Wutip of the 2019 Pacific typhoon season.

On August 1, a tropical depression formed east of the Mariana Islands and got the name 10W. The depression rapidly began intensifying while moving NW and became a tropical storm. When 10W became a tropical storm is got the name Francisco. Overtime Francisco continued intensifying while moving towards Japan. Francisco gradually strengthened over the next few days becoming a severe tropical storm with 65 mph winds and a pressure of 985. Francisco continued to move when it the Bonin Islands. The storm moved towards Japan and after 12 hours it became a typhoon. Typhoon Francisco made landfall in Japan on August 6 early in the morning. Typhoon Francisco weakened down to a tropical storm but, is said to make landfall in South Korea as well. 

In anticipation of coastal flooding, 20,020 people were evacuated from Kokuraminami-ku and Moji-ku. Striking Kyushu as a typhoon, Francisco brought heavy rain and strong winds to much of the island. Rainfall accumulations exceeded in Nobeoka and in Saiki. A maximum wind gust of was observed at Miyazaki Airport. Two people suffered injury after being knocked over by strong winds.

Heavy rainfall will also be a concern across South Korea as Francisco tracks northward through Wednesday.

Busan and southeast South Korea were the first to be impacted by Francisco with nearly 75 mm (3 inches) of rain falling in less than 10 hours on Tuesday.

Rainfall of 75-150 mm (3-6 inches) is expected across the eastern half of the country with 25-75 mm (1-3 inches) in west-central locations and less than 25 mm (1 inch) in western parts of the country, including Seoul.

Francisco will remain a tropical depression as it moves into the Sea of Japan (East Sea) late Wednesday. 

Typhoon Lekima (2019)

Typhoon Lekima, known in the Philippines as the Typhoon Hanna, was the second-costliest typhoon in Chinese history, only behind Fitow in 2013. The ninth named storm of the 2019 Pacific typhoon season, Lekima originated from a tropical depression that formed east of the Philippines on July 30. It gradually organized, became a tropical storm and was named on August 4. Lekima intensified under favourable environmental conditions and peaked as a Category 4–equivalent super typhoon. However, an eyewall replacement cycle caused the typhoon to weaken before it made landfall in Zhejiang late on August 9, as a Category 2–equivalent typhoon. Lekima weakened subsequently while moving across the East China, and made its second landfall in Shandong on August 11.

Lekima's precursor enhanced the southwestern monsoon in the Philippines, which brought heavy rain to the country. The rains caused three boats to sink and 31 people died in this accident. Lekima brought catastrophic damage in mainland China, with a death toll of 89 people and more than CN¥53.7 billion (US$7.6 billion) in damages. The system also caused minor damage in Ryukyu Islands and Taiwan.

On August 2, the Japan Meteorological Agency (JMA) began to monitor a tropical depression which developed over the Philippine Sea. The system slowly developed while moving northward. The Joint Typhoon Warning Center (JTWC) also monitored the system and gave the identifier "10W" early on August 4. The JMA upgraded the system to a tropical storm and assigned the name "Lekima" at 6:00 a.m. UTC that day. The JTWC followed suit later that day. Though Lekima was affected by moderate wind shear, warm waters of and good outflow channel allowed Lekima to slowly intensify, and Lekima became almost stationary due to the absence of steering current.

On August 6, Lekima steered by a subtropical ridge to the northeast and accelerated to the northwest, and the JMA upgraded Lekima to a severe tropical storm. Later that day, both JMA and JTWC upgraded Lekima to a typhoon, after the system developed a central dense overcast. As Lekima continued to move northwestward, the system moved into an area of low wind shear, and it started a process of rapid intensification on August 7. The eye became evident on satellite imagery. On August 8, the JTWC upgraded Lekima to a super typhoon, and stated that the system had acquired some of the annular characteristics. Later that day, the JMA stated that Lekima attained maximum sustained winds of . At the same time, Lekima passed between Miyako-jima and Tarama-jima.

Shortly thereafter, Lekima began an eyewall replacement cycle. The typhoon developed a concentric eyewall, as seen from the radar. This cycle also caused the motion of Lekima slightly veered to the north, and the JTWC downgraded Lekima back to typhoon late on August 8. Environmental conditions in East China Sea became less favourable, causing Lekima to slowly weaken while approaching East China. At 1:45 a.m. China Standard Time () August 10, Lekima made landfall in Wenling, Zhejiang with two-minute sustained winds of . Lekima quickly weakened and turned to the north, along the western side of the subtropical ridge. Lekima dropped below typhoon intensity early on August 10, and weakened further to a tropical storm later that day. Lekima emerged into the Yellow Sea early on August 11, and made second landfall in Xihai'an, Qingdao, Shandong at 8:50 p.m. CST, with two-minute sustained winds of . The JTWC issued its final warning to the system around that time. Lekima meandered over the Shandong Peninsula and Bohai Sea throughout August 12, and the JMA downgraded it to a tropical depression later that day.

As Lekima moved northwestward and approached the northern part of the Philippines, PAGASA issued PSWS#1 to Batanes and the Babuyan Islands late on August 6. These warnings were lifted after Lekima left the Philippine Area of Responsibility.

Though Lekima, locally known as "Hanna", did not directly affect the Philippines, it enhanced the southwest monsoon which caused heavy rain to the nation. Three boats sank in Guimaras Strait; 31 people died and three were left missing. Heavy rains also caused flooding in Metro Manila. Classes of numerous cities were suspended on August 5. A motorboat carrying 10 passengers capsized off the coast of Mactan Island in the early morning of August 7. To the south, waves from Lekima displaced more than 1,300 people in Davao City. Agricultural damage in Central Luzon was at ₱80.5 million (US$1.55 million).

As Lekima approached the southwestern Ryukyu Islands, Ishigaki-jima and Miyako-jima received a storm warning. The JMA urged the residents on these islands to beware of high waves, heavy rain, and sudden gusts. Gusts in Miyako-jima reached , while gusts in Shimojishima Airport and Iriomote-jima reached and respectively. Six people were injured during the storm, and thousands of families suffered from power outages. Hundreds of flights and passenger ship trips were cancelled on August 7–9, mainly in Miyako-jima and Ishigaki-jima, affecting thousands of passengers. Agricultural damage across the island chain was JP¥347 million (US$3.29 million).

Taiwan's Central Weather Bureau (CWB) issued a sea warning on August 7. As Lekima continued to approach the island, the CWB issued a land warning to the northern part of Taiwan early on the next day, locally. The CWB lifted the land warning late on August 9, and lifted the sea warning early on the next day, after Lekima made landfall in East China. On late August 8, school and work were cancelled for the next day in eight municipalities and counties in the northern part of Taiwan and in the Matsu Islands. Hundreds of flights and ships were cancelled and delayed.

Throughout Taiwan, Lekima killed two people and injured 15 others. More than 80,000 families suffered power outages. On August 8–9, Wufeng Township recorded a rainfall total of , while rainfall in Taichung amounted to . Lekima's downdraft affected Kinmen on August 9, where a farmland recorded temperature of , setting the national record for the second highest temperature. Jinfeng Township also recorded a temperature of . Institutional damage of Lekima, along with a magnitude 6.0 earthquake reached NT$5.24 million (US$167,000).

Striking East China as a super typhoon, according to China Meteorological Administration, Lekima wrought major damage across numerous provinces. In all, the typhoon killed 56 people and left 14 others missing. Damage nationwide reached CN¥53.72 billion (US$7.6 billion). Zhejiang was the worst hit province; 39 people died in the province, and economic loss reached CN¥24.22 billion (US$3.43 billion). Most of those killed died because of landslides in Yongjia County, and the landslides blocked a river. Water levels rose in ten minutes, and many residents could not evacuate in time. Wenling recorded peak wind gusts of , while daily rainfall in Beilun District amounted to .

Lekima also brought significant effects in Shandong, where 5 people were killed and the damage statewide amounted to CN¥1.475 billion (US$209 million). Because Lekima looped around Shandong for days, it brought heavy rainfall in the province. Daily rainfall in Linqu County reached .

The tail front of Lekima stretched south to Malaysia and struck the northern states of the Malay Peninsula on August 9, causing widespread damage and injuring 10 people in the states of Kedah, Penang and Perlis. The storm also caused damage to 329 schools, according to the Malaysian Ministry of Education. Wind speeds in some areas were recorded at .


Michael E. Krauss

Michael E. Krauss (15 August 1934 – 11 August 2019) was an American linguist and educator. He was the founder and long-time head of the Alaska Native Language Center. The Alaska Native Language Archive is named after him. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He was known for being an expert on the Eyak language which became extinct in 2008. Krauss focused on raising awareness of the global problem of endangered languages.

Krauss died at his son's home in Needham, Massachusetts on 11 August 2019, just four days before his 85th birthday.

Needham, Massachusetts

Needham is a town in Norfolk County, Massachusetts, United States. It is a suburb of Boston. Its population was 32,091 in 2020. It is home to the Olin College, an engineering school.

In 2005, Needham became the first city in the United States to raise the age to legally buy tobacco products to 21.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of 12.7 square miles (32.9 km²), of which 12.3 square miles (31.9 km²) is land and 0.4 square miles (1.1 km²) is water.

Ningali Lawford

Ningali Josie Lawford (1967 – 11 August 2019) was an Australian actress. She was known for her roles in the movies "Rabbit-Proof Fence" (2002), "Bran Nue Dae" (2009), and "Last Cab to Darwin" (2015). In 2016, she was nominated for the AACTA Award for Best Actress in a Leading Role. Lawford was born in Wangkatjungka, Western Australia.

Lawford died while on tour in Edinburgh, Scotland on 11 August 2019 when she suffered an asthma attack. She was 52. 

Hussein Salem

Hussein Salem (); (11 November 1933 – 13 August 2019) was an Egyptian-Spanish businessman. He was the co-owner of the East Mediterranean Gas Company (EMG). He was an ally and advisor to former president Hosni Mubarak. He was also the chairman and CEO of HKS Group, a hospitality company that operates Maritim Jolie Ville Resort in Sharm El Sheikh.

He was described as "one of the most secretive businessmen in Egypt". He was known as the "Father of Sharm El Sheikh" due to his resort development activities.

Graham Farmer

Graham Vivian "Polly" Farmer (10 March 1935 14 August 2019) was an Australian rules football player and coach. He was a handballer. 

Farmer joined the East Perth Football Club as a ruckman in 1953. He later played for the Victorian Football League (VFL) in 1962 for the Geelong Football Club, where he played 101 games. Farmer returned to Western Australia and became the captain/coach of the West Perth Football Club in 1968.

In 1999, Farmer was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He died in Fiona Stanley Hospital in Murdoch, Western Australia on 14 August 2019 from the disease, aged 84.

Fisher Stevens

Fisher Stevens (born Steven Fisher; November 27, 1963) is an American actor, director, producer and writer. He is best known for his roles of Ben Jabituya in "Short Circuit", Chuck Fishman on the 1990s television series "Early Edition", and villainous computer genius Eugene "The Plague" Belford in "Hackers". He also starred as Roger, Phoebe Buffay's love interest.

Aldgate

Aldgate is a district within Central London. It is in the City of London (the City) and the London Borough of Tower Hamlets. It is part of the East End. Aldgate was the eastern-most gateway through London Wall to Whitechapel.

Jisoo

Kim Ji-soo (; born January 3, 1995) is a South Korean singer, actress, and model. She goes by the mononym Jisoo. She is known for being a member of Blackpink, which as of 2019 is the highest-charting female K-pop group. Jisoo is also well known as a model in advertisements in South Korea, including for LG. She has also appeared in a few television series. Jisoo is well known on social media in South Korea, with 38.2 million followers.

Jisoo was born in South Korea on 3 January 1995. In 2011, she joined YG Entertainment as a trainee. Later she became a member of Blackpink. In 2015, she made her first appearance as an actress.

In 2023, she released her single-album, "Me".



Cat café

A Cat Café is a café for drinking coffee with cats. You can watch and play with cats. There are often desserts such as cookies or cake. The food is often in a separate area from the cats.

The world's first Cat Café started in Taipei. The name was "Cat Flower Garden". The idea was from Japan. The first Japanese one was "Neko no Jikan" in Osaka.

Asian Cat Cafés are special because they are popular. European Cat Cafés are special because they take cats from shelters. Cat Cafés are new in North America, South America and Oceania.

Mohammad Azharuddin

Mohammad Azharuddin is a politician who was a cricketer before he became a poltician. He was the captain of the Indian cricket team in the 1990's.

Azharuddin was born in Hyderabad. He completed his undergraduate studies and earned a degree in commerce from Nizam College, Osmania University.

Frederick County, Maryland

Frederick County is a county in the state of Maryland. It has an area of 667 square miles.

Pig Goat Banana Cricket

Pig Goat Banana Cricket (also abbreviated as PGBC) is an American animated television series. It was created by Dave Cooper and Johnny Ryan for Nickelodeon. The series is about the title quartet. It was first broadcast on July 16, 2015. It was broadcast after the 2015 Kids' Choice Sports.

On June 25, 2015, Nickelodeon renewed "Pig Goat Banana Cricket" for a second season. The last episodes of the series were aired in 2018.



Tabun

Tabun is a nerve agent. It was the first of the G-series nerve agents, and called GA. Its potential was known from 
the 1900s because of technical publications.

The substance was developed in 1936 by the German chemist Gerhard Schrader. He was responsible for the I.G. Farben (Leverkusen) work on pesticides. From 1942 Tabun was industrially produced. It was filled in bombs and shells for the Wehrmacht in WWII, but not used.

Lever-action firearms

Lever-action firearms are guns that hold multiple bullets and are loaded by pulling and pushing a lever at the bottom of the gun.

Lever-action rifles first became important weapons during the American Civil War. Two rifles made during this time were the Henry and Spencer rifles. They fired much more quickly and could be loaded much faster than muzzleloading rifles. However, their use was limited because many generals felt that the ability to shoot many bullets without reloading would cause soldiers to shoot with less accuracy. However, after the Civil War, lever-action guns became much more popular. They were popular with not just soldiers, but also with hunters and even civilians. They were so popular that the most famous lever-action rifle, the Winchester Model 1873, was called "the gun that won the West".

Both the militaries of the United States and the Russian Empire used lever-action guns often until the beginning of the 20th century. Even though lever action guns can fire much faster than bolt-action rifles (lever-actions can fire 2 rounds a second in skilled hands,) the bolt-action rifle was chosen to be the main gun for most infantry. This was because bolt-action rifles could easily be fired when soldiers are lying on the ground, but lever-actions cannot do so easily.

Lever-action guns were made for many different types of bullets, both pistol and rifle bullets. Most lever-action guns are rifles, but there are also lever-action shotguns as well. The most famous of these are the Winchester Model 1887.

Winchester Model 1887

The Winchester Model 1887 is a lever-action shotgun invented by John Browning. It was one of the first successful repeating shotguns. When the repeating rifle became more popular in the decades after the American Civil War, the need for a shotgun that could hold more than just two shotgun shells at a time also grew. Using the same lever action used in repeating rifles, John Browning created the Model 1887. While it was popular at the time it was first made, its popularity quickly went away after John Browning invented the first pump-action shotgun a few years later.

Even though it quickly lost its popularity in the real world, it is still a popular gun shown in movies and video games. It was the gun of choice for characters Kyle Reese and the T-800 in the "Terminator" movies. It was also one of the most popular guns used in the video game "".

Gatling gun

The Gatling gun is a machine gun that has many barrels that fire bullets by turning the barrels around in a circle. It was the first machine gun ever made. It was first used by the Union Army during the American Civil War. Although it was very powerful, it was not much used because it cost a lot of money and was heavy. It was used more often in other wars during the second half of the 19th century. It was used in the Anglo-Zulu War, the Boshin War, and the Spanish-American War. Early in the 20th century armies stopped using it because other machine guns were better. 

The Minigun is based on the Gatling gun. The Gatling gun is a machine gun, but it is not called an automatic weapon because a user must continue to crank it instead of merely holding down the trigger. Still it was very useful in the wars.

Consumer Reports

Consumer Reports (CR) is a nonprofit organization focused only on unbiased product testing, investigative journalism, consumer-focused research, public education, and consumer advocacy.

Founded in 1936 as Consumer Union, CR was created to serve as an information source that consumers could use to help assess product performance and safety. Since that time, CR has continued its testing and analysis of products and services, and advocate for the consumer in legislative and rule-making areas. Consumer Reports helped advocate for seat belt laws, the dangers of cigarettes, and recently, the growth of consumer finance protection and the growth of consumer access to better health care. The organization has also expanded its scope to a set of digital platforms.

The organization’s headquarters, including its 50 testing labs, is in Yonkers, New York, while its cars are tested at a track site in East Haddam, Connecticut. CR is funded by subscriptions to its magazine and website, as well as through independent grants and donations. Marta L. Tellado is the current CEO of Consumer Reports. She joined the organization in 2014, with the goal of expanding its engagement and advocacy efforts.

Consumer Reports' website and magazine writes reviews and comparisons of consumer products and services based on reporting and results from its in-house testing laboratory and survey research center. CR accepts no advertising, and has no shareholders as a nonprofit organization. It also publishes general and targeted product/service buying guides. Consumer Reports pays for all the products it tests through common ways citizens buy products and services. They do this through secret, anonymous shoppers.

Only paid subscribers can access its website ConsumerReports.org, in its entirety. ConsumerReports.org writes updates on product availability, and adds new products to already existing test results. In addition, the online data includes features that is not in the magazine; for example, vehicle reliability (frequency of repair) tables online show the full 10 model years reported in the Annual Questionnaires, but the magazine has only a six-year history of each model.

Consumer Reports also allows the creators of the product to improve its product before Consumer Reports publishes its final results.

Plymouth Fury

The Plymouth Fury is an American car produced by Plymouth of Chrysler from the 1959 to 1978 model years.

It is a full-size from 1959 to 1961, mid-size from 1962 to 1964, again full-size from 1965 to 1974 and again mid-size from 1975 to 1978.

The Plymouth Sport Fury is a top-model of the Fury made from 1959 and 1962 to 1971.

The Plymouth VIP is a luxury version of the Fury made from 1966 to 1969.

The Plymouth Fury was succeeded by the Plymouth Gran Fury in the late 1970s.

A 1958 Plymouth Fury was famous for the 1983 horror movie Christine.

Plymouth (automobile)

Plymouth was a brand of automobiles based in the United States, produced by the Chrysler Corporation and its successor DaimlerChrysler. The brand was founded in 1928 and ended in 2001. 1928-2001

Jim Marsh (basketball)

James Marsh (April 26, 1946 – August 12, 2019) was an American professional basketball player. He played for the National Basketball Association (NBA) for one season. He played college basketball at the University of Southern California. Marsh played professionally for the Portland Trail Blazers of the NBA from 1971 to 1972.

Marsh was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease in 2004. He died on August 12, 2019 in Portland, Oregon at the age of 73.

Héctor Rivoira

Héctor Oscar Rivoira (10 April 1960 – 14 August 2019) was an Argentine football manager and player. He was born in Buenos Aires. He worked as the manager of Chacarita Juniors and Atlético Tucumán. He played for Almirante Brown from 1981 to 1984.

Rivoira died on 14 August 2019 in Buenos Aires from colorectal cancer at the age of 59.


Peter Murphy (musician)

Peter John Joseph Murphy (born 11 July 1957) is an English singer-songwriter, and musician. He was the vocalist of the goth rock band Bauhaus. His best known albums were "Love Hysteria", "Deep", and "Holy Smoke". He is known as the Godfather of Goth".

In August 2019, Murphy was hospitalized for a heart attack in New York City.

George Keiser

George James Keiser (February 22, 1946 – December 22, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the North Dakota House of Representatives. He represented the 47th district. He was a Republican. Keiser was first elected in 1992. From 1988 to 1992 he was Commissioner of Bismarck.

In August 2019, Keiser was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. He died from the disease on December 22, 2021 in Bismarck at the age of 75.

Vidya Sinha

Vidya Sinha (15 November 1947 – 15 August 2019) was an Indian film actress. She acted in Bollywood movies and television shows. In movies, she was most known for "Rajnigandha" (1974) and "Chhoti Si Baat" (1975). In television, her best known role was as the grandmother on "Qubool Hai". Her last movie role was in Salman Khan's "Bodyguard" (2011). Sinha was born in Bombay.

On 15 August 2019, Sinha died at a hospital in Mumbai of respiratory failure caused by heart and lung disease at the age of 71.

Barbara March

Barbara March (born Barbara Jean Maczka; October 9, 1953 – August 11, 2019) was a Canadian actress. She was born in Toronto. March was best known for her role as the Star Trek character Lursa, one of the Duras sisters. She appeared as Lursa in "" ("" and ""), "" ("Past Prologue"), and "Star Trek Generations".

March died of cancer on August 11, 2019 at the age of 65. She was married to actor Alan Scarfe from 1979 until her death. They had two children.

Auguste and Louis Lumière

The Lumière brothers (, ; ), Auguste Marie Louis Nicolas (; 19 October 1862 – 10 April 1954) and Louis Jean (; 5 October 1864 – 7 June 1948), were the first filmmakers in history. 


Thomas Stafford Williams

Thomas Stafford Williams ONZ ChStJ (20 March 1930 – 22 December 2023) is a New Zealand Catholic official. He was born in Wellington. He was cardinal in the Catholic church and before his retirement in 2005. He was the fifth Archbishop of Wellington.

Williams was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2005 papal conclave that elected Pope Benedict XVI. He resigned as Archbishop of Wellington on 21 March 2005 having reached the age of 75 and was succeeded by Coadjutor Archbishop, John Dew.

In retirement, Williams lived at a retirement village in Waikanae. He died there on 22 December 2023, at the age of 93.


FIBA

The International Basketball Federation (FIBA ; French: ) is the governing body of the sport of basketball. Originally known as the , in 1989 it dropped the word "amateur" from its name but kept the acronym; the "BA" now represents the first two letters of "basketball".

FIBA defines the rules of basketball such what equipment and facilities to use, organises international competitions, regulates the transfer of athletes across countries, and controls the appointment of international referees. A total of 213 national federations are now members, organized since 1989 into five zones: Africa, Americas, Asia, Europe, and Oceania.

The FIBA Basketball World Cup is a world tournament for men's national teams held every four years. Teams compete for the Naismith Trophy, named in honor of basketball's Canadian creator James Naismith. The tournament occurred in the same year as the FIFA World Cup from 1970 through 2014, but starting in 2019, the Basketball World Cup will move to the year following the FIFA World Cup.


University of Southern Mississippi

The University of Southern Mississippi (USM) is a public research university in the United States. Its with its main campus is in Hattiesburg, Mississippi. The Hattiesburg campus is about north of Gulfport, Mississippi and northeast of New Orleans, Louisiana. It has another campuses at Long Beach. That campus is called Gulf Park. In addition, USM has five more teaching and research sites. USM is accredited by the Commission on Colleges of the Southern Association of Colleges and Schools (SACS) to award baccalaureate, master's, specialist, and doctoral degrees.

It is known informally as Southern Miss.

The school was founded on March 30, 1910.

Italian Parliament

The Italian Parliament () is the national parliament of the Italian Republic. 

It is the representative body of Italian citizens. It is a bicameral legislature with 945 elected members and a small number of unelected members (). The Italian Parliament is made up of the Chamber of Deputies (with 630 members or elected on a national basis) and Senate of the Republic (with 315 members or ). 

The two houses are independent from one another and never meet jointly.

Antonio Rastrelli

Antonio Rastrelli (15 October 1927 – 15 August 2019) was an Italian politician and lawyer. He was born in Portici, Italy. Rastrelli was a member of the Senate from 1979 to 1994 and was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1994 to 1995. Rastrelli was President of Campania from 1995 to 1999.

Rastrelli died on 15 August 2019 at the age of 91.


Madhava of Sangamagrama

Mādhava of Sañgamāgrama was an Indian mathematician. He was born in 1340 and died in 1425.

HD 136418

HD 136418 is a star located in the constellation Boötes 340 light years away from Earth. It has a planet orbiting it, like Jupiter.

The star and its planet will be named after something in the culture of Canada.

Trailer (vehicle)

A trailer is a type of land vehicle that does is used to carry things. Trailers do not have engines. To move, they are attached to another vehicle which pulls them. More than one trailer can be connected together. The vehicle at the front almost always has an engine to move the trailer(s).

Trailers are used for carrying passengers and cargo. The cargo may be things that are not alive or living things such as animals like horses. Trailer may also be used to move boats on land.

List of Latin phrases (L)

Christina of the Netherlands

Princess Christina of the Netherlands (born Maria Christina; 18 February 1947 – 16 August 2019) was a Dutch royal, educator and singer. She was the youngest of four daughters of Queen Juliana of the Netherlands and Prince Bernhard of Lippe-Biesterfeld. She was the youngest sister of Beatrix of the Netherlands. She was born in Soestdijk Palace, Baarn, Netherlands.

During pregnancy, her mother was diagnosed with rubella and as a result, Christina was born nearly blind. Her godfather was British Prime Minister Winston Churchill.

In June 2018, it was announced that Christina had been diagnosed with bone cancer. She died on 16 August 2019 in Noordeinde Palace, Den Haag, Netherlands from the disease, aged 72.

Irene of the Netherlands

Princess Irene of the Netherlands (born Irene Emma Elisabeth; 5 August 1939) is a Dutch royal and environmentalist. She is the second child of Queen Juliana of the Netherlands and Prince Bernhard of Lippe-Biesterfeld. 

The Princess used the following names since her divorce:

Margriet of the Netherlands

Princess Margriet of the Netherlands (Margriet Francisca; born 19 January 1943) is a Dutch royal and philanthropist. She is the third daughter of Queen Juliana and Prince Bernhard. 

As an aunt of the reigning monarch, King Willem-Alexander, she is a member of the Dutch Royal House and currently eighth and last in the line of succession to the throne.

From 1984 to 2007, Princess Margriet was president of the European Cultural Foundation, who set up the "Princess Margriet Award for Cultural Diversity". She is a member of the honorary board of the International Paralympic Committee.


Pieter van Vollenhoven

Pieter van Vollenhoven Jr. (born 30 April 1939) is a Dutch royal, photographer, educator and pianist. He is the husband of Princess Margriet of the Netherlands and a member, by marriage, of the Dutch Royal House. He was born in Schiedam, Netherlands. He was chairman of the Dutch Safety Board from which he retired in February 2011. 

Van Vollenhoven was diagnosed with melanoma twice in May 2017 and in November 2017.


Karim Olowu

Alhaji Karim Ayinla Babalola "KAB" Olowu (OON) (7 June 1924 – 14 August 2019) was a Nigerian sprinter and long jumper. He was part of Nigeria's first delegation to the Olympic Games and the Commonwealth Games.

Olowu participated in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics. He participated in the 1950 British Empire Games. At the 1954 British Empire and Commonwealth Games, he won silver medals in long jump and the 4×110 yards relay, becoming the first Nigerian athlete to win two medals at the Commonwealth Games. 

At the 1992 Barcelona Olympics he became the first Nigerian Olympic torch bearer. He was one of Africa's oldest living Olympians.

Olowu died at a hospital in Lagos, Nigeria on 14 August 2019 at the age of 95.

Reuven Hammer

Reuven Hammer (1933 – 12 August 2019) was an American-Israeli Conservative rabbi, scholar of Jewish liturgy, author and lecturer. He was born in Syracuse, New York. He was a founder of the "Masorti" (Conservative) movement in Israel. He was president of the International Rabbinical Assembly. For many years, he was head of the Masorti Beth Din in Israel. He was a regular columnist for "The Jerusalem Post" "Tradition Today" column. 

Hammer died of brain cancer on 12 August 2019 in Jerusalem at the age of 86.

Gjergj Xhuvani

Gjergj Xhuvani (20 December 1963 – 14 August 2019) was an Albanian movie director, screenwriter, and producer. He was born in Tirana, Albania. His 2001 movie "Slogans" was Albania's submission to the 74th Academy Awards for the Academy Award for Best Foreign Language Film, but was not accepted His 2009 movie "" was selected as the Albanian entry for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 83rd Academy Awards, but it didn't make the shortlist.

Xhuvani died of a possible heart attack on 14 August 2019 in Rome, Italy at the age of 55.

Eddie Marlin

Edward Marlin (August 13, 1930 – August 15, 2019) was an American promoter and professional wrestler. He was born in Nashville, Tennessee. In 1967, Marlin wrestled for Nick Gulas' NWA Mid-America promotion under a mask as "The Mummy". He retired in 1993.

In the early-1970s, Marlin formed a tag team with Tommy Gilbert. The duo achieved their greatest success in NWA Mid-America, winning the NWA Southern Tag Team Championship, NWA World Six-Man Tag Team Championship, and NWA Mid-America Tag Team Championship.

Marlin died on August 15, 2019 from multiple organ failure under hospice care in Gallatin, Tennessee at the age of 89.


Qin Hanzhang

Qin Hanzhang (Chinese: 秦含章; 19 February 1908 – 15 August 2019) was a Chinese engineer, scientist and supercentenarian. He was a known figure in the field of food science and industrial fermentation. He was also a scholar in the wine industry. In 1950, Premier Zhou Enlai appointed Qin as a counselor of the Ministry of Food Industry and the Ministry of Light Industry.


Lu Yonggen

Lu Yonggen (; 2 December 1930 – 12 August 2019) was a Chinese agronomist, plant geneticist, educator, and philanthropist.

Lu was President of South China Agricultural University from 1983 to 1995. He was elected an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1993. He was named China's second most generous philanthropist in 2017 after donating his entire life savings of 8.8 million yuan (US$1.34 million) to his university.

Lu was born in Hong Kong. He died on 12 August 2019 in Guangzhou at the age of 88.

Glenn Tasker

Glenn Robert Tasker (10 November 1951 – 15 August 2019) was an Australian sport administrator. He was known for his works in swimming, tennis and the Paralympic movement. He was President of the Australian Paralympic Committee from 2013 to 2018.

Tasker died while in a coma on 15 August 2019 in Sydney due to cardiac arrest-related problems, aged 67.

Wrestling Pro

Edward Leon Baxter (June 4, 1938 – August 15, 2019) was an American professional wrestler. He worked for the National Wrestling Alliance in the 1960s and 70s. He was best known for wrestling under a mask as (The) Wrestling Pro and also wrestled under the ring name Tarzan Baxter. He had famous feuds with Ken Mantell for the NWA World Junior Heavyweight Championship and Jack Brisco for the NWA World Heavyweight Championship.


Basu Chatterjee

Basu Chatterjee (; 10 January 1930 – 4 June 2020) was an Indian movie director and screenwriter. His works were known for the urban settings, focusing on marriage and love relationships.

He was best known for his movies "Us Paar", "Chhoti Si Baat" (1975), "Chitchor" (1976), "Rajnigandha" (1974), "Piya Ka Ghar" (1972), "Khatta Meetha ", "Chakravyuha", "Baton Baton Mein" (1979), "Priyatama" (1977), "Man Pasand", "Hamari Bahu Alka", "Shaukeen" (1982), and "Chameli Ki Shaadi" (1986).


Mala Sinha

Mala Sinha (born Alda Sinha; 11 November 1936) is an Indian actress.

Her best known roles were in "Pyaasa" (1957), "Anpadh" (1962), "Dil Tera Deewana" (1962), "Gumrah" (1963), "Bahurani" (1963), "Gehra Daag", "Apne Huye Paraye", "Jahan Ara", "Himalaya Ki God Mein" (1965), "Nai Roshni", "Aankhen" (1968), "Maryada" (1971) and "Babu".


Morogoro tanker explosion

On 10 August 2019, a fuel tanker exploded in Morogoro, Tanzania. It killed at least 89 people and injuredat least 55. It was one of the largest disasters of its kind in Tanzania.

The incident happened in the town of Morogoro. A fuel tanker crashed and people gathered at the accident site to steal the fuel. The tanker exploded during the looting, burning 60 people to death. Another 55 people were injured in the incident and many suffered serious burns.

7 August 2019 Kabul bombing

A suicide car bomb exploded at a security checkpoint outside a police station in the Afghan capital, Kabul, on 7 August 2019. The explosion happened in the early morning, in a Shia neighbourhood in western Kabul. 

At least 14 people were killed and 145 injured, mostly civilians. The Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack.

Ural Airlines Flight 178

Ural Airlines Flight 178 was a scheduled passenger flight from Zhukovsky International Airport in Moscow to Simferopol in Crimea. On 15 August 2019, an Airbus A321 (VQ-BOZ) suffered a bird strike, which is when birds hit the engines of the plane. It happened after taking off from Zhukovsky and crash landed in a cornfield a few kilometers past the airport. Twenty-nine people were injured and no one was killed.

Moscow Domodedovo Airport

Moscow Domodedovo Airport (), formally "Domodedovo International Airport named after Mikhail Lomonosov" is an international airport located in Domodedovo, Moscow Oblast, Russia. It is south-southeast from the centre of Moscow. Domodedovo is one of the four major Moscow airports, as well as one of the largest airports in Russia.

In 2017, it served 30,700,000 passengers, an increase of 7.6% compared to 2016, making it the second busiest airport in Russia after Sheremetyevo International Airport.

Following a 2019 naming contest and presidential decree, it became named after Russian scientist Mikhail Lomonosov.

Sheremetyevo International Airport

Sheremetyevo Alexander S. Pushkin International Airport ( "Mezhdunarodnyy aeroport Sheremet'yevo imeni A.S. Pushkina") is one of four international airports that serves the city of Moscow. It is the busiest airport in Russia. Sheremetyevo was a military base which became a civilian airport in 1959, and in a 2019 contest, was named after Russian poet Alexander Pushkin.

The airport had six terminals: four international terminals (one under construction), one domestic terminal, and one private aviation terminal. It is located in northwest of central Moscow, in the city of Khimki, Moscow Oblast.

Zhukovsky International Airport

Zhukovsky International Airport , formerly (and still occasionally) known as Ramenskoye Airport or Zhukovsky Airfield (, Аэропорт Жуковский) is an international airport. It is located in Moscow Oblast, Russia 36 km southeast of central Moscow, in the town of Zhukovsky.

Official opening of the Zhukovsky International Airport took place on 30 May 2016 with declared capacity of the first stage of the airport of 4 million passengers annually.

Vnukovo International Airport

Vnukovo International Airport, formally "Vnukovo International Airport named after Andrei Tupolev", () , is a dual-runway international airport located southwest of the centre of Moscow, Russia.

It is one of the four major airports that serve Moscow, along with Moscow Domodedovo Airport, Sheremetyevo International Airport, and Zhukovsky International Airport.

In 2015, the airport handled 15.82 million passengers. It is the third-busiest airport in Russia.

Vnukovo is Moscow's oldest operating airport. It was opened and used for military operations during the Second World War, but became a civilian facility after the war.

In 1980, Vnukovo was expanded because of the 22nd Summer Olympic Games.

Mariscal Sucre International Airport

Mariscal Sucre International Airport () is the busiest airport in Ecuador and one of the busiest airports in South America. It is located in the Tababela parish, about east of Quito. It is the largest hub of TAME, the flag carrier of Ecuador, with an average of over 220 weekly flights. 

It opened in February 2013. The airport is named after the Venezuelan independence leader Antonio José de Sucre.

Pichincha Province

Pichincha () is a province of Ecuador located in the northern sierra region; its capital and largest city is Quito. 

The province is home to many rose plantations, which make up Ecuador's flower-culture industry.

Cotopaxi Province

Cotopaxi () is one of the provinces of Ecuador. The capital is Latacunga. The province has the Cotopaxi Volcano.

The province is divided into 7 cantons. The following table lists each canton with its population (per the 2019 census), its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the canton seat (capital).

Mojanda

Mojanda is an inactive stratovolcano of the Eastern Cordillera of the Andes in northern Ecuador. It has three crater lakes: Karikucha (the largest), Yanakucha, and Warmikucha.

Imbabura Volcano

Imbabura is an inactive stratovolcano in northern Ecuador. It has not erupted for at least 14,000 years, it is not thought to be extinct. Imbabura is capped with snow and has no permanent glaciers.

It is covered in volcanic ash. Maize, sugarcane, and beans are all crops of the region. Cattle are also an important commodity.

Cotacachi Volcano

Cotacachi is a dormant volcano in the Western Cordillera of the northern Ecuadorian Andes, in the west of Imbabura Province, above the city of Cotacachi. It has a summit elevation of above sea level and its highest elevations are capped with snow.

Imbabura Province

Imbabura () is a province located in the Andes of northern Ecuador. The capital is Ibarra. The people of the province speak Spanish and the Imbaburan Quechua language.

The summit of Cotacachi Volcano at an elevation of is north-east of the town of Cotacachi.

The province is divided into six cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the 2010 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the capital.

Galápagos Province

Galápagos () is a province of Ecuador in the country's Insular region. It is located off the western coast of the mainland. The capital is Puerto Baquerizo Moreno.

The province has the Galápagos Islands, a group of tiny volcanic islands that sit on the equator.

The province is divided in three cantons, each with a number of islands. They are:

Guayas Province

Guayas () is a coastal province in Ecuador. It is bordered to the west by Manabí, Santa Elena, and the Pacific Ocean. With over 3 million people, it has more people than any other province in Ecuador. The largest city of Ecuador, Guayaquil, is within the province.

The province is divided into 25 cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the time of the 2001 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

Esmeraldas Province

Esmeraldas () is a province in northwestern Ecuador. The capital is Esmeraldas.

The province is divided into 7 cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the time of the 2019 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

Antonio José de Sucre

Antonio José de Sucre y Alcalá (; February 3, 1795 – June 4, 1830), known as the "Gran Mariscal de Ayacucho" (), was a Venezuelan independence leader. He was the fourth President of Peru and the second President of Bolivia. 

Sucre was one of Simón Bolívar's closest friends, generals and statesmen. The city of Sucre, Bolivia's capital, is named for him, as is a state of Venezuela and a department of Colombia. The Mariscal Sucre International Airport of Ecuador's capital Quito are also named after him. 

Ecuador’s former currency the “Sucre” was also named after him.

Sucre was shot and killed by multiple assassins on June 4, 1830 at the age of 35.

Tocumen International Airport

Tocumen International Airport () is the international airport of Panama City, the capital of Panama. The airport serves as the homebase for Copa Airlines. It is a regional hub to and from the Caribbean, South, North and Central America.

There is high terrain to the north of the airport. The Tocumen VOR-DME (Ident: TUM) and non-directional beacon (Ident: AT) are located just south of the field.

Pramod Mahajan

Pramod Vyankatesh Mahajan (30 October 1949 – 3 May 2006) was an Indian politician. At the time of his death, he was in a power struggle for the leadership of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He was a member of the Rajya Sabha and a General Secretary of his party. As Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee's telecommunications minister between 2001 and 2003, he played a major role in India's cellular revolution.

On 22 April 2006, he was shot at and fatally injured by his brother Pravin Mahajan in Mumbai. He died thirteen days later on 3 May at the age of 56.

Orellana Province

Orellana () is an inland province of Ecuador. The capital is Puerto Francisco de Orellana (also known as Coca). It was created on July 30, 1998, from part of Napo Province.

The province is divided into four cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the 2001 census, its area in square kilometres (km²), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

The Great Dictator

The Great Dictator is a 1940 American political satire comedy-drama movie written, directed, produced, scored by, and starring British comedian Charlie Chaplin, following the tradition of many of his other movies.

Modern Times

Modern Times may refer to modern history.

Modern Times may also refer to:


Nils Clarke

Nils Clarke is a Canadian lawyer and politician. He is a member of the Yukon Legislative Assembly representing the electoral district of Riverdale North. He is also the current Speaker of the Legislative Assembly. Clarke was elected for the first time in the 2016 general election. He is a member of the Yukon Liberal Party.

Clarke was a lawyer working in the Yukon for 24 years. He became the executive director of the Yukon Legal Services Society. In the 2016 general election, he was one of the 11 Liberal MLAs that were elected. They formed a majority government. On 12 January 2017, he was elected the Speaker of the Legislative Assembly.

Prague-West District

The Prague West District (Czech: "okres Praha-západ") is a district of the Central Bohemian Region in the Czech Republic.


Central Bohemian Region

The Central Bohemian Region is a region of the Czech Republic. It covers 14% of the country, with the highest population of any region of the Czech Republic. The capital city for the region is Prague.

Important rivers in the region are Elbe, Vltava, Berounka, Jizera and Sázava. Křivoklátsko Protected Landscape Area is in Central Bohemia.

The Central Bohemian Region is divided into 12 districts:

Religion in Bulgaria

Religion in Bulgaria are divided into large number of religions: The main one, which is Orthodox Christianity, of the Bulgarian Orthodox Church, is the dominant religion of Bulgaria which it is practised by 80%. The main religion of Bulgaria, Islam, behind Orthodox Church, is practised by 13% of the population. Around 7% are strong to other minority religions, mainly Protestantism and Catholicism.

The constitution designates Orthodox Christianity as the traditional religion of the country and gives the free exercise of any religion. Islam is main in selected areas of Bulgaria after Orthodox Christianity or 1st religion.

Vermilion Bird

The Vermilion Bird is one of the Four Symbols of the Chinese constellations. It represents the fire-element, the south direction, and the season summer correspondingly. Sometimes it is called the Vermilion Bird of the South (, Nán Fāng Zhū Què). It is known as Zhū Què in Chinese, Suzaku in Japanese, and Jujak in Korean.

The color "vermilion" is often called "chinese red".

It is described as a red bird that resembles a pheasant with a five-colored plumage (bird's feathers) and is covered in flames. It is often mistaken for the Fenghuang (Named Chinese Phoenix) due to similarities in appearance, but the two are different creatures.

As with the other three Symbols, there are seven astrological "Mansions" (positions of the Moon) within the Vermilion Bird. The names and determinative stars are:

The Vermilion Bird is elegant and noble in both appearance and behavior, with feathers in many different colors of vermilion. It is very selective about what it eats and where it perches.



Potwin, Kansas

Potwin, is a hamlet in Kansas. It has a population of 421 people in 2020.

John Moses Browning

John Moses Browning (January 23, 1855 – November 26, 1926) was an American gun maker who invented many guns used by Americans, both by the military and civilians. He was born in Ogden, Utah in 1855 and died in Belgium in 1926 of heart failure, aged 71. He was a Mormon and the son of his father's second wife.

He invented the repeating shotgun and made shotguns like the Winchester Model 1887, Model 1897, and Browning Auto-5. He invented pistols like the Browning Hi-Power and the M1911. He invented machine guns like the BAR, the M1917, the M1919, and the M2 .50 caliber machine gun. Some of Browning's gun models are still used by the US military today, including the M1911 and the M2.

Winchester Model 1897

The Winchester Model 1897 was an early pump-action shotgun invented by John Moses Browning. It was so popular that it was used by the US military during both World War I and World War II. It was deadly weapon at short range, especially in trenches, so the military called it "trench gun". Even though the gun was pump action, the shooter could shoot quickly by holding down the trigger while pumping the shotgun.

Nikolai Tzvelev

Nikolai Nikolayevich Tzvelev (also romanized Nikolái Tsveliov; ) (January 31 (according to the passport February 3) 1925, Tambov - July 19, 2015, St. Petersburg) was a Russian botanist, a specialist in the field of systematics, floristry, morphology and evolution of vascular plants. He was a corresponding member of the Russian Academy of Sciences (2000) .

Among his most important scientific achievements is a critical revision of the taxonomy of the grass family, a study of the problems of the origin of this taxon and its further evolution.

He recognized "Korringia" as a genus, when Anna Prokofevna Czukavina described it only as a sect. of Polygonum.

This author is usually abbreviated «Tzvelev» when citing a botanical name.

"Arctanthemum arcticum" (L.)Tzvelev.
2007 Vascular Plants of Russia and Adjacent States (the Former USSR)

Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch

The Greek Orthodox Church of Antioch is a group of Christians. They are a part of the Eastern Orthodox Church. Their patriarch lived in Antioch in the past. However, he now lives in Damascus. The members of the Church are called "Greek" because most of them spoke the Greek language in the past.

Proscription

Proscription is a ’decree of condemnation to death or banishment’ according to the "Oxford English Dictionary".

It may refer to state-approved murder or banishment. The term originated in Ancient Rome, where a person could officially be declared an enemy of the state. It often involved confiscation of property. 

In addition to its use the Roman Republic, it has become a standard term. It has been used since to describe similar governmental and political actions. It is used to suppress opposing ideologies. Also, it is used to eliminate political rivals or personal enemies.

Paule Marshall

Paule Marshall (born Valenza Pauline Burke; April 9, 1929 – August 12, 2019) was an American feminist writer. She was born in New York City. Her best known works were "Brown Girl, Brownstones" (1959), "The Chosen Place, the Timeless People" (1969) and "Praisesong for the Widow" (1983). 

Marshall died in Richmond, Virginia on August 12, 2019 from dementia, aged 90.

José Nápoles

José Ángel Nápoles, nicknamed "Mantequilla" ("Butter", because of his smooth boxing style), (April 13, 1940 – August 16, 2019) was a Cuban-born Mexican boxer and a World Welterweight Champion. He was ranked as one of the greatest fighters of all time. He was a member of the International Boxing Hall of Fame. His record of the most wins in unified championship bouts in boxing history, shared with Muhammad Ali, was unbeaten for 40 years. 

Nápoles died on August 16, 2019 in Mexico City after a long-illness at the age of 79.

Felice Gimondi

Felice Gimondi (; 29 September 1942 – 16 August 2019) was an Italian professional racing cyclist. He won all three "Grand Tours" of road cycling: Tour de France (1965, his first year as a pro), Giro d'Italia (1967, 1969 and 1976), and Vuelta a España (1968). He remains one of only seven cyclists to have done so.

Gimondi died on 16 August 2019 from a heart attack while swimming on vacation in Sicily. He was 76.

Vincenzo Nibali

Vincenzo Nibali (; born 14 November 1984) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer. He rides for UCI WorldTeam. He was born in Sicily.

His biggest wins are the 2010 Vuelta a España, the 2014 Tour de France and the Giro d'Italia twice (2013 and 2016), making him one of seven cyclists who have won the three Grand Tours in their career.

Hugh Hudson

Hugh Hudson (25 August 1936 – 10 February 2023) was an English movie director. Hudson directed the 1981 Academy Award and BAFTA Award Best Picture "Chariots of Fire". He was born in London.


Garrick Hagon

Garrick Hagon (born 27 September 1939) is a British-born Canadian actor. He is best known for his role as Biggs Darklighter in "". Other movie roles include "Batman", "Spy Game", "Me and Orson Welles" and "The Message". 


Faisal Masud

Faisal Masud () ( 16 October 1954 – 16 August 2019) was a Pakistani educator and physician. He was the vice-chancellor of the University of Health Sciences and a vice-chancellor of the King Edward Medical University, Lahore from January 2013 through February 2017. He also was the principal of Services Hospital and Services Institute of Medical Sciences in Lahore, Pakistan.

His area of interest was endocrinology. He was awarded the tamgha-e-imtiaz for his role in dengue epidemic.

Masud was born in Gujrat. He died of cardiac arrest on 16 August 2019 in Lahore, aged 64.

Almazbek Atambayev

Almazbek Sharshenovich Atambayev (, "Almazbek Şarşenoviç (Şarşen uulu) Atambayev"; born 17 September 1956) is a Kyrgyz politician. He was the President of Kyrgyzstan from 1 December 2011 to 24 November 2017. He was Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan from 17 December 2010 to 1 December 2011 and from 29 March 2007 to 28 November 2007.

Kurmanbek Bakiyev

Kurmanbek Saliyevich Bakiyev (Kyrgyz: Курманбек Салиевич (Сали уулу) Бакиев, "Qurmanbek Saliyeviç (Sali Uulu) Baqiyev"; born 1 August 1949) is a politician who was the second President of Kyrgyzstan, from 2005 to 2010.

Bakiyev was re-elected in the 2009 presidential election.

On 7 April 2010, after bloody riots in the capital overturned the government, Bakiyev reportedly fled to the southern city of Osh. He resigned on 15 April 2010. Otunbayeva said she would press ahead to bring Bakiyev to trial.

President of Kyrgyzstan

The President of Kyrgyzstan is the head of state and the highest official of the Kyrgyz Republic. The president is directly elected for no more than one six-year term by the Kyrgyz electorate. The office of president was created in 1990.

The office of president is open to all citizens of Kyrgyzstan who are no younger than 35 years of age, and no older than 65 years of age.

Ishenbai Kadyrbekov

Ishenbai Duyshonbiyevich Kadyrbekov () (born July 16, 1949) is a Kyrgyzstani politician. He was the Chairman of the Legislative Assembly of Kyrgyzstan and the interim President in March 2005.

Sooronbay Jeenbekov

Sooronbay Sharipovich Jeenbekov (, "Sooronbay Şaripoviç (Şarip uulu) Jéénbekov"; or Sooronbay Zheenbekov; born 16 November 1958) is a Kyrgyz politician. He was the President of Kyrgyzstan. He officially took office on 24 November 2017. He was also the Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan from April 2016 to August 2017. He resigned on 15 October 2020 due to the 2020 Kyrgyzstan protests.

Chairman of the Cabinet of Ministers of Kyrgyzstan

The Chairman of the Cabinet of Ministers of Kyrgyzstan is the head of government of Kyrgyzstan. Until 2010, the President was in a stronger position than the Prime Minister in Kyrgyzstan.

After the 2010 constitutional referendum, the state became a parliamentary system, creating greater power in parliament. This position used to be known as the Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan.

Mukhammedkalyi Abylgaziev

Mukhammedkalyi Abylgaziev (, ; born 20 January 1968) is a Kyrgyz politician. He was the Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan from 20 April 2018 to 17 June 2020.

Apas Jumagulov

Apas Jumagulov (; ) (born 19 September 1934) is a Kyrgyzstani politician. He was the Prime Minister of Kyrgyzstan from 14 December 1993 to 24 March 1998. He was the Ambassador to Germany from 1998 to 2003, and to Russia from 2005 to 2007.


Sapar Isakov

Sapar Jumakadyrovich Isakov (; born July 29, 1977) is a Kyrgyz politician. He was Prime Minister from 26 August 2017 to 19 April 2018. He was chief of staff for President Almazbek Atambayev. 

On 19 April 2018 the President of Kyrgyzstan Sooronbay Jeenbekov fired Isakov and the government following a vote of no confidence.

Isakov was arrested June 5, 2018 for corruption charges. 

In August 2019, Isakov was hospitalized due to a stroke.

George Vella

George William Vella, (born 24 April 1942) is a Maltese politician. He is the 10th and current President of Malta. He was Malta's Minister for Foreign Affairs from 1996 to 1998 and from 2013 to 2017.

Ċensu Tabone

Vincent "Ċensu" Tabone, (; 30 March 1913 – 14 March 2012) was the fourth President of Malta from 1989 to 1994.

On 14 March 2012, Tabone died at his home in St. Julian's, Malta at age 98.

Paul Xuereb

Pawlu "Paul" Xuereb (21 July 1923 – 6 September 1994) was the Acting President of Malta between February 16, 1987 – April 4, 1989.

Agatha Barbara

Agatha Barbara, (11 March 1923 – 4 February 2002) was a Maltese politician. She was the first female President of Malta. She is the longest standing woman Member of Parliament in Maltese political history.

Albert Hyzler

Albert Victor Hyzler (20 November 1916 – 26 October 1993) was a Maltese politician. He was the Acting President of Malta from 27 December 1981 to 15 February 1982. 

Anton Buttigieg

Anton Buttigieg, ( ; 19 February 1912 – 5 May 1983) was a Maltese politician. He was the second President of Malta from 1976 until 1981.

Qala, Malta

Qala () is a village on the island of Gozo, Malta, with a population of 2,284 as of March 2014.

Anthony Mamo

Sir Anthony Joseph Mamo, (9 January 1909 – 1 May 2008) was a Maltese politician. He was the first President of Malta. He was the last Governor-General of the State of Malta before the country became a republic. 

Mamo died on 1 May 2008 at the age of 99, at Casa Arkati Home for Elderly.

Dom Mintoff

Domenico Mintoff, (; often called "il-Perit", "the Architect"; 6 August 1916 – 20 August 2012) was a Maltese Socialist politician, architect, and engineer. He was leader of the Labour Party from 1949 to 1984, and was 8th Prime Minister of Malta from 1955 to 1958 and from 1971 to 1984.

His tenure as Prime Minister has been seen with mixed views because he helped create better living conditions of the Maltese people but saw a rise in authoritarianism and political violence.

Mintoff was taken to hospital on 18 July 2012. He was later discharged on 4 August and spent his 96th birthday at home in Tarxien. He died there sixteen days later on 20 August 2012.

Maurice Henry Dorman

Sir Maurice Henry Dorman (7 August 1912 – 26 October 1993) was a British diplomat. He was the representative of the British Monarchy in Tanzania, Trinidad and Tobago, Sierra Leone, and Malta. 

He was in Sierra Leone from 1956 until 1962, for which he was knighted in 1957. From 27 April 1961 (Sierra Leone's independence day) to 27 April 1962, Dorman was the Governor-General of Sierra Leone. From 1962 until 1964, he was the Colonial Governor of Malta and then became Governor-General of Malta from September 1964 until July 1971, when he was replaced by Sir Anthony Mamo.

Sony SAB

Sony SAB is an Indian pay-to-air Hindi television channel. It focuses on comedy contents.

Sony SAB was launched by Adhikari brothers in 1999 as a Hindi language channel.

Later, the channel rebranded as a Hindi-general comedy entertainment channel and launched many iconic shows.

Sony SAB launches it's HD channel on 5 September 2015 on the occasion of Ganesh Chaturthi

List of programs broadcast by Sony SAB

This is the list of original programming currently and formerly broadcast by the Indian television channel Sony SAB.



Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Cheshmah

Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah ( Taarak Mehta's inverted spectacles ) is one of India's longest running sitcoms. It is produced by Neela Tele Films Private Limited. The show went on air on 28 July 2008. It airs from Monday to Saturday on SAB TV. Reruns of the show started on Sony Pal from 2 November 2015.

The show is based on the column "Duniya Ne Undha Chashma" written by columnist and journalist/playwright Taarak Mehta for the Gujarati weekly magazine "Chitralekha".

Gokuldham Society is a residential society in Powder Galli, Goregaon East, Mumbai with four wings: A Wing, B Wing, C Wing and D Wing. Although the society has 17 flats, the show revolves around the lives of eight families. The residents are like one family :


There are also other recurring characters including Sundarlal (brother of Jethalal's wife Daya, from Ahmedabad, Gujarat) and his friends Baka and Bhailu. Abdul, the shopkeeper of the provision store located outside the society entrance, reporter Rita Shrivastav from 'Kal Tak' a news channel, Inspector Chalu Pandey, Asit Kumarr Modi as himself, Jethalal's shop assistants - Natwarlal Prabhashankar Udhaiwala (Natu Kaka), his nephew Bagheshwar Dadu Udhaiwala (Baagha), who are often bent on doing the wrong job and Baagha's fiancee Bawri Dhondulal Kanpuria.

The members of the society and other characters have a good psychological bond of love and sympathy for one another that makes them live like members of one family. They are often seen celebrating festivals and participating in events together. Although they are shown to live the lives of typical Indian families, the characters, more often than not Jethalal Gada, tend to find themselves in trouble, cropping up from routine activities that intensify in a comical manner.

The quirks of the individual characters seek to enhance the humour quotient of the show. Whatever the nature of the problem that a member of the society encounters, all the other members stand by them to extend every possible help. In an episode, the resolution of the problem that a character faces is usually followed by a moral message at the end by Taarak Mehta, which is meant for all the characters of the show as well as the viewers.



The major part of the shooting is done in Mumbai. However, some parts of the show have also been shot in places such as Gujarat, New Delhi, Goa and in foreign locations such as London, Brussels, Paris, Hong Kong and Singapore.

To celebrate "Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah" completing 1,000 episodes on 6 November 2012, the director "decided to shoot the film on a different canvas as he does not want the audience to feel that they are watching yet another episode of the serial."

In February 2015, Joshi, Vakani, and Lodha hosted the red carpet at the 60th Britannia Filmfare Awards to promote the "Clean India" campaign.

In the first week of 2017, the show stood in fourth position with 6,004 TVT ratings. In the fourth week, the show entered the top five and stood in fifth position with 6,059 TVT ratings. In March 2017, the show remained within the top five shows urban rural metrics. In the 25th week of 2017, the show stood at the top spot with 6,092 TVT ratings. In the 26th week of 2017, the show stood at third spot with 6,049 TVT ratings. It is the longest running scripted show on Indian television.In the 1st week of 2018 the show topped the trp chart with 6961 tvt ratings.

Polish Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Culture and National Heritage, Piotr Glinski visited the sets of Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah in February 2016.


Old World flycatcher

Old World flycatcher is the name for many small birds that usually feed on insects. They are a large family, the Muscicapidae, of small passerine birds 

As the name suggests, these birds only occur in the Old World (Europe, Asia, and Africa). The group is related to the common sparrow.

These are mainly small insectivores. Many of them, as the name suggests, take their prey on the wing. The family includes 324 species and is divided into 51 genera.

Sini, Sardinia

Sini ("Sìni") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Oristano in Sardinia, Italy. As of 30 September 2018, 523 people lived there. Its area is 8.75 km². It is 255 meters above sea level.

Eldorado, Oklahoma

Eldorado is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Elmer, Oklahoma

Elmer is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Elmore City, Oklahoma

Elmore City is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Empire City, Oklahoma

Empire City is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Erin Springs, Oklahoma

Erin Springs is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Fairland, Oklahoma

Fairland is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Azuay Province

Azuay (), Province of Azuay is a province of Ecuador. Its capital is Cuenca.

The province is divided into 15 cantons. The following table lists each with its population at the 2019 census, its area in square kilometres (km), and the name of the canton seat or capital.

Peoria, Oklahoma

Peoria is a town of Oklahoma, in the United States.

Quapaw, Oklahoma

Quapaw is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Walter Hauser

Walter Hauser (1 May 1837 – 22 October 1902) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council from 1888 to 1902.

He was elected to the Federal Council on 13 December 1888 and died in office on 22 October 1902. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland.

During his office time he held the following departments:
He was President of the Confederation twice in 1892 and 1900.


Ernst Brenner

Ernst Brenner (9 December 1856 – 11 March 1911) was a Swiss politician.

He was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 25 March 1897 and died in office on 11 March 1911. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party. 

During his office time he held the following departments:


Leflore County, Mississippi

Leflore County is a county in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 28,339 people lived there. Its county seat is Greenwood.

Riverhead (town), New York

Riverhead is a town in and the county seat of Suffolk County, New York. It is on the north shore of Long Island. As of the 2020 census, the population was 35,902.

Lei, Sardinia

Lei ("Lèi") is a town and "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Nuoro in Sardinia, Italy. As of 2018, 499 people lived there. Its area is 19.11 km². It is 456 meters above sea level.

Fairmont, Oklahoma

Fairmont is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Hollister, Oklahoma

Hollister is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Tipton, Oklahoma

"This is about the town in Oklahoma, USA. For other towns called Tipton, see Tipton (disambiguation)."
Tipton is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Loveland, Oklahoma

Loveland is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Manitou, Oklahoma

Manitou is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Fanshawe, Oklahoma

Fanshawe is a town in the U.S. state of Oklahoma.

Fargo, Oklahoma

Fargo is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Hoot Owl, Oklahoma

Hoot Owl is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Granite, Oklahoma

Granite is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

VisualEditor

VisualEditor (VE) is a project developed by the Wikimedia Foundation together with Wikia. It is similar to a WYSIWYG editor, and is available as a MediaWiki extension. The Beta version of this extension was enabled on Mediawiki.org and other larger Wikipedia in July 2013 by default, but users could decide to opt-out. 


Opt-out

Opt-outs are several methods by which individuals can decide not to receive unwanted products or service information. This option is usually related with direct marketing campaigns such as, e-mail marketing, or direct mail.

The U.S. Federal Government created the United States National Do Not Call Registry to reduce the telemarketing calls consumers receive at home. Initially numbers listed on the registry were due to be kept for five years but will now remain on it permanently due to the Do-Not-Call Improvement Act of 2007, which became law in February 2008.

Hamza River

The Hamza River (Portuguese: "Rio Hamza") is a recent discovery. Under the ground in the Amazon area is a huge slowly moving waterway. This slowly flowing aquifer in Brazil is about long. It is nearly below ground level. Its discovery was announced in 2011.<ref name="Hamza Google/AFP"></ref> The Hamza "river" and the Amazon River are a twin-river system flowing at different levels of the Earth's crust.

The Hamza and the Amazon are the two main drainage systems for the Amazon Basin. The reported flow rate of the Hamza, at about per second, is 3% of the Amazon's. It runs west to east, some below the Earth's surface, and follows roughly the path of the Amazon River. The Hamza empties in the Atlantic Ocean, deep under the surface. Its own water has a high salt content.

It flows from the Andean foothills to the Atlantic coast in a nearly west-to-east direction like the Amazon River. Seismic data and temperature variation with depth measured in 241 inactive oil wells helped find the aquifer.

Except for the flow direction, the Amazon and the Hamza have very different characteristics. The most obvious ones are their width and flow speed. While the Amazon is to wide, the Hamza is to in width. But the flow speed is in the Amazon and less than speed in the Hamza.

Several geological factors have played a vital role in the formation and existence of these subterranean water bodies. Water has worn away calcium carbonate rocks far under the ground. Water drops to great depths. East-west trending faults and the karst topography may have some role in supplying water to the "river".

The 153 km-long underground river in Mexico's Yucatán Peninsula, and the 8.2 km-long Cabayugan River in the Puerto Princesa Subterranean River National Park in the Philippines have come into being thanks to the karst topography. Water in these places has dissolved the carbonate rock to form extensive underground river systems.

NSYNC

NSYNC, (sometimes called *NSYNC or 'N Sync) was an American pop boy band formed in Orlando, Florida in 1990. The five members of the group were Justin Timberlake, JC Chasez, Chris Kirkpatrick, Joey Fatone and Lance Bass. The group's second album, No Strings Attached, sold over one million copies in one day and 2.42 million copies in one week, which was a record for over fifteen years. They also provided songs on the Billboard Hot 100 including Bye Bye Bye, Tearin' Up My Heart and It's Gonna Be Me, which became NSYNC's only number-one song on the chart. They took a break after their very last concert on, but never released new music since. Afterwards, Timberlake and Chasez released solo albums. Justin Timberlake went on to become one of the world's best-selling music artists, with more than 56 million records sold throughout his solo career.

The band reunited at the 2023 MTV Video Music Awards and presented the Best Pop Award. They recorded "Better Place", their first new song in 23 years, for the 2023 movie "Trolls Band Together".




"Entertainment Weekly" ranked NSYNC as the best boy band of the period late 90s and 2000s; editor Madelne Boardman stated, "the group has a spot in pop history more than a decade late." "The Washington Post" stated it was one of the two boy bands "that dominated the late '90s and early '00s." According to "Billboard", "No Strings Attached" was the top album of the 2000s (decade), with "The Independent" listing it among the albums "that marked the decade." "Billboard" also ranked the group at number four on their list of the biggest boy bands (from the period 1987–2012) according to chart performance, with the staff writing, "despite having one of the most short-lived boy band careers, 'N Sync was arguably the most famous." Several acts have cited the group as an influence, including Kelsea Ballerini, Selena Gomez, Meghan Trainor, Why Don't We and Hayley Williams. On April 30, 2018, NSYNC reunited to receive a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.


Night service (public transport)

Nocturnal transportation is an all-encompassing name for public transportation that operates during the night. Nocturnal transport is operated by governments and municipalities, and operates mainly in large cities. Nocturnal transport is divided into two main types: urban nocturnal transport and inter-urban nocturnal transport. Urban night traffic is less common, and has flourished mainly in recent years. Transportation lines, which include mainly trams and buses, are usually marked with different numbers than usual, and their routes are also different, stopping at fewer stations. By contrast, inter-city night transport is very common, as many prefer to travel by train, for example, during the night, and arrive at their destination the next morning.

Stress management

Stress management is the name for a number of techniques to control the level of psychical stress situations. It is usually done to impove everyday functioning. Stress produces many physical and mental symptoms which are different in every individual situation. Stress can make physical health worse, and it can lead to clinical depression. The process of stress management is named as one of the keys to a happy and successful life in modern society Although life provides numerous demands that can prove difficult to handle, stress management provides a number of ways to manage anxiety and maintain overall well-being.

František Salzer

František Salzer (August 30, 1902, Sušice – December 23, 1974, Prague) was a Czechoslovak theatre director, theatre actor, film actor, University professor and translator. 

He studied at Prague Conservatory (1920–1924). 
In the season of 1924/1925 he started his career at Olomouc Theatre as actor and later on as Theatre Director. In 1930 he came to Prague as Theater Director of Vinohrady Theatre. He stayed at Vinohrady Theatre till the end on the 2nd World War. During his time at the Vinohrady Theater, Salzer has directed over 120 plays by world and Czech authors (incl. W. Shakespeare, Oscar Wilde, Carlo Goldoni, G. B. Shaw, F. Schiller, Stefan Zweig, Jiří Mahen, J. K. Tyl, Viktor Dyk, V. K. Klicpera, etc.) 

From 1947 till 1963 he acted as Theatre Director of the National Theatre (Prague). 

During the years of 1941–1945 he was professor of the Prague Conservatory. He was one of the founders of the Theatre Faculty of the Academy of Performing Arts in Prague (DAMU) together with Jiří Frejka, František Tröster and Josef Träger. Then he was the Dean of this Faculty in three periods (1954–1955, 1958–1961 and 1963–1970) and acted as professor of this Faculty till his death in 1974.
Salzer was also translator of theatre plays (e.g. Stefan Zweig: "Ovečka chudých – Das Lamm des Armen", Fritz Hochwälder: "Tlustý anděl z Rouenu – Boule de suif", etc. ). 

His first wife, Eva Adamcová (1895–1972), with whom he has been living for 42 years, was an actress and translator. From August 1923 she was a member of the Slovak National Theater in Bratislava. 



Faxon, Oklahoma

Faxon is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Gwalior district

Gwalior district is a district of the Madhya Pradesh state in central India. The historic city of Gwalior is the district headquarters. The district is part of the Gwalior division.

Taft, Oklahoma

Taft is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Talala, Oklahoma

Talala is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Webb City, Oklahoma

Webb City is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Friendship, Oklahoma

Friendship is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Headrick, Oklahoma

Headrick is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Foraker, Oklahoma

Foraker is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Prue, Oklahoma

Prue is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Skiatook, Oklahoma

Skiatook (Skī·ǎ·tōōk "or" Skī·ǎ·tǒǒk versus Skī·tōōk "or" Skī·tǒǒk) is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Cedric Benson

Cedric Myron Benson (December 28, 1982 – August 17, 2019) was an American football running back. He played college football for the University of Texas. He was recognized as All-American for his good college performance. He was drafted by the Chicago Bears of the National Football League (NFL) fourth overall in the 2005 NFL Draft, and also played for the Cincinnati Bengals and Green Bay Packers. 

On August 17, 2019, Benson and a female passenger were killed in an overnight motorcycle crash with a minivan on RM 2222 in Austin, Texas. Benson and the passenger were found dead at the scene, and two passengers in the minivan were injured.

Janelle M. Burke

Janelle M. Burke is a botanist in the US. She has been affiliated with Cornell University and Howard University.

She specializes in plant systematics and plant evolutionary biology of Polygonaceae.

This author is usually abbreviated «Jan.M.Burke» when citing a botanical name.

-& Adriana Sanchez 2011
Revised subfamily classification for Polygonaceae with a tribal classification for Eriogonoideae Brittonia 63(4): 510–520.

Browning Auto-5

The Browning Auto-5 or Remington Model 11 was the first successful semi-automatic shotgun ever made. It was made by John Moses Browning, who also made the Model 1887 and Model 1897 shotguns. While it was reliable, it had a very hard kickback. Even though the Model 1897 was slower because it was a pump-action shotgun, most people liked it better than the Auto-5 because it did not kick back as hard.

Joey Fatone

Joseph Anthony Fatone Jr. (born January 28, 1977) is an American singer, dancer, actor, and television personality. He is best known as a member of the boyband NSYNC, in which he sang baritone. In 2007, he came in second place on the ABC reality show "Dancing with the Stars". He was the host of the U.S. and Australian versions of "The Singing Bee", which aired on NBC in the U.S. Fatone was also the announcer for the game show "Family Feud" from 2010 to 2015. Fatone previously hosted on Food Network's "Rewrapped", Live Well Network's "My Family Recipe Rocks", and "The Price Is Right Live!" at Bally's Las Vegas.

Fatone was born in Brooklyn, New York City, the son of Joe and Phyllis Fatone. He has a brother, Steven, and a sister, Janine, and was raised at 2140 84th Street in the Bensonhurst neighborhood, His father had sung in a doo-wop group called the Orions. At 13, he moved with his family to Orlando, Florida, where he attended a Dr. Phillips High School. 

In the summer of 1995, after befriending Chris Kirkpatrick, a fellow Universal Studios stage performer who was singing in a doo-wop group, he became the fourth member of NSYNC, along with Justin Timberlake and JC Chasez. Then Lance Bass was added to the group that would become NSYNC. In 2001, Fatone co-starred with *NSYNC bandmate Lance Bass in the Miramax film "On the Line", he guest starred with NSYNC on a 2001 episode of "The Simpsons" episode New Kids on the Blecch, and also did voice work with Bass on the same episodes of Disney's "Kim Possible" and Adult Swim's "Robot Chicken".

Fatone co-starred in the 2002 dramatic comedy motion picture "My Big Fat Greek Wedding" as Toula's cousin Angelo, appeared in the show "My Big Fat Greek Life", and reprised the role again in the 2016 sequel "My Big Fat Greek Wedding 2".

Fatone hosted NBC's "The Singing Bee" as well as the Australian version of the show on Nine Network. On August 21, 2007, it was announced that Fatone, along with Lisa Rinna, would replace Joan Rivers and Melissa Rivers as hosts of TV Guide's red carpet pre-shows for the 2007–2008 season. His hosting duties with TV Guide continued for the 2008–2009 season.

In the twelfth season of "Family Feud" in 2010, Fatone became the announcer with Steve Harvey as the host for that season.

In January 2012, he was one of eight celebrities participating in the Food Network reality series "Rachael vs. Guy: Celebrity Cook-Off". In 6 weeks he was eliminated, but he won $5,000 for his charity, the Fatone Family Foundation. He also hosted the Las Vegas show "The Price Is Right Live!" at Bally's Las Vegas, as a celebrity guest host.

On August 25, 2013, the members of NSYNC regrouped for a one-off performance at the 2013 MTV Video Music Awards. They performed a medley of "Girlfriend" and "Bye Bye Bye." After the performance, Lance Bass said that the group does not have plans at the moment for a reunion tour or new music.

In February 2014, he made a guest appearance on the hidden camera show "Impractical Jokers", standing in for one of the show's stars, Brian Quinn, during a challenge.

In April 2014, Fatone began hosting the Food Network cooking competition "Rewrapped", where chefs must try to recreate classic snack foods, then create new dishes using said snack food.

In August 2014, Fatone hosted the family reality series "Parents Just Don't Understand", seen on the Hub Network, which was later rebranded as Discovery Family.

In 2015, Fatone made a couple of appearances as himself in "The Jack and Triumph Show."

In November 2016, Fatone made another appearance on "Impractical Jokers" for the Nitro Circus Spectacular episode.

Fatone is the host of "Common Knowledge", a game show which premiered on January 14, 2019 on the Game Show Network. He also appeared as the Rabbit in the singing competition show "The Masked Singer".

On February 1, 2007, the ABC television network announced that Fatone would participate in season 4 of the American version of "Dancing with the Stars", which debuted March 19, 2007. He ended up placing second, losing the mirror ball to Apolo Anton Ohno and Julianne Hough. He competed with professional partner Kym Johnson. Fatone participated in the 15th season of "Dancing with the Stars" for a second chance to win a mirror ball trophy, again dancing with Kym Johnson. They were the second couple eliminated. He later returned in season 27 during Trio Week as a trio partner to John Schneider and Emma Slater.

On September 9, 2004, Fatone married his high-school sweetheart, Kelly Baldwin, at Oheka Castle on Long Island, New York, in a ceremony was attended by all his bandmates. Fatone and his wife have two daughters: Briahna Joely, born March 21, 2001, and Kloey Alexandria, born January 11, 2010. Fatone's best friend, Lance Bass, is their godfather.




Großbeeren

Großbeeren is a municipality in the Teltow-Fläming district in the German state of Brandenburg.

Neuenhagen bei Berlin

Neuenhagen bei Berlin is a municipality in the Märkisch-Oderland district in the German state of Brandenburg. It is about east of Berlin (centre). It was founded around 1230.

Am Mellensee

Am Mellensee is a municipality in the Teltow-Fläming district in the German state of Brandenburg.

Logan, North Dakota

Logan is a census-designated place (CDP) and unincorporated community in Ward County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 247 at the 2020 census.

Cove, Utah

Cove is a census-designated place (CDP) in Cache County, Utah, United States. The population was 494 at the 2020 census.

Independence, Utah

Independence is a town of Wasatch County in the state of Utah, in the United States.

Covington County

Covington County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Forest Park, Oklahoma

Forest Park is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Luther, Oklahoma

Luther is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Interlaken, California

Interlaken is a census-designated place (CDP) in Santa Cruz County, California, United States. The population was 7,368 at the 2020 census.

Jana Pidrmanová

Jana Pidrmanová (born March 17, 1985, Cheb) is a Czech theatre and film actress.

She spent her childhood in Františkovy Lázně and graduated from a hotel high school. After graduation she studied at the Theatre Faculty of the Academy of Performing Arts (DAMU) from 2004 to 2008. Some of her teachers were Eva Salzmannová, Alois Švehlík, Jan Nebeský and Daria Ullrichová. She also studied special education at the University of Hradec Králové. After graduating from the Theatre Faculty of the Academy of Performing Arts (DAMU), she first performed at the South Bohemian Theater (Jihočeské divadlo, České Budějovice) and since 2009 has been performing at the National Theater in Prague.



Leader of the Opposition (Belize)

The Leader of the Opposition of Belize is the politician who leads the Official Opposition in Belize and also elected official who, according to the Constitution, “commands the support of those elected official that do not support the Government. He/she speaks on behalf of the Opposition Members of Belize’s House of Representative.

University of St. Gallen

The University of St. Gallen () is a university in St. Gallen, Switzerland.


Forgan, Oklahoma

Forgan is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Gage, Oklahoma

Gage is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Fort Supply, Oklahoma

Fort Supply is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Mooreland, Oklahoma

Mooreland is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Foster, Oklahoma

Foster is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Stratford, Oklahoma

Stratford is a town of Oklahoma in the United States. It is in Garvin County, south of Ada and north of Sulphur. It is the self proclaimed peach capital of Oklahoma and holds an annual Peach Festival on the third Saturday of every July.

Katie, Oklahoma

Katie is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Helvetia, West Virginia

Helvetia is a census-designated place (CDP) in Randolph County, West Virginia, USA. The population was 38 at the 2020 census. The community was settled by Swiss starting in 1869, and is known today for maintaining Swiss traditions, food, and folkways.

Fort Towson, Oklahoma

Fort Towson is a town of Oklahoma in the United States. On June 23, 1865, the last Confederate General, Stand Watie, surrendered his Indian Brigade to Union forces near Doaksville.

Askar Mamin

Askar Uzaqpayevich Mamin (; born 23 October 1965) is a Kazakh politician. He was Prime Minister of Kazakhstan from 2019 to 2022.

Gina Lopez

Regina Paz "Gina" La'O López (December 27, 1953 – August 19, 2019) was a Filipino environmentalist, politician and philanthropist. She was Secretary of the Philippines' Department of Environment and Natural Resources (DENR) under President Rodrigo Duterte from June 2016 through May 2017. She was the Chairperson of the Pasig River Rehabilitation Commission from August 2010 until her death in August 2019 during the Benigno Aquino III and Duterte presidencies. Lopez was born in Manila.

Lopez died of multiple organ failure caused by brain cancer at a hospital in Makati on August 19, 2019 at the age of 65.

Richard Williams (animator)

Richard Edmund Williams (March 19, 1933 – August 16, 2019) was a Canadian–British animator, voice actor, director, and writer. He was best known for being the animation director on "Who Framed Roger Rabbit" (1988) and for his unfinished movie "The Thief and the Cobbler" (1993). 

He also created the title scenes for "What's New Pussycat?" (1965), "A Funny Thing Happened on the Way to the Forum" (1966), "The Charge of the Light Brigade" and the intros of the "Pink Panther" movies.

Williams died of cancer at his home in Bristol, England on August 16, 2019 at the age of 86.

Break-open shotgun

A break-open shotgun is a type of shotgun that loads shotgun shells by opening up the barrels, taking out the spent shells, placing a new shell in each chamber, then closing the barrels. Most are either single- or double-barrel. Triple- and quadruple-barrel (three and four barrel) shotguns also exist, but single- and double-barrel shotguns are easier to make and less likely to jam. 

Most double-barrel shotguns are made with their barrels touching side-by-side. However, there are also shotguns where one barrel is on top of the other. Over-and-under shotguns are easier to aim than side-by-side shotguns because you do not need to aim a little to the left or right.

Since the metal cartridge was invented in 1845, most shotguns were break-open shotguns until the repeating shotgun was invented. Break-open shotguns are still popular with civilians because they are easier to use and less likely to jam than repeating shotguns; however, they hold fewer shells than repeating shotguns.

Anthiyur taluk

Anthiyur taluk (Tamil: அந்தியூர் வட்டம்) is a taluk of Erode district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is made up of four blocks – Anthiyur, Athani, Burgur and Ammapet.


Aegeus

Aegeus is a figure in Greek mythology and the father of Theseus. He is part of the founding myth of Athens. After he was defeated by Minos in a war, Athens sent seven men and seven women to Crete every nine years. These people would be sacrificed to the Minotaur.

List of presidents of Senegal

The President of Senegal is the head of state and head of government of Senegal. According to the 2001 Constitution, the president is elected for a 7-year term.

The following is a list of presidents of Senegal, since the country gained independence from France in 1960.

The current President is Macky Sall, since 2 April 2012.



Foyil, Oklahoma

Foyil is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Gans, Oklahoma

Gans is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Moffett, Oklahoma

Moffett is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Marble City, Oklahoma

Marble City is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Paradise Hill, Oklahoma

Paradise Hill is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Roland, Oklahoma

Roland is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Garvin, Oklahoma

Garvin is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Gate, Oklahoma

Gate is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Wichita County

Wichita County is the name of the two counties in the United States:

Gene Autry, Oklahoma

Gene Autry is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Springer, Oklahoma

Springer is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Gerty, Oklahoma

Gerty is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Horntown, Oklahoma

Horntown is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Glencoe, Oklahoma

Glencoe is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Porter, Oklahoma

Porter is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Kip Addotta

Francis Kip Addotta (June 16, 1944 – August 13, 2019) was an American stand up comedian. He appeared on many talk shows during the 1970s including "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson", "The Mike Douglas Show", "Dinah!", "American Bandstand", "The Midnight Special", "Don Kirshner's Rock Concert", and the game shows "The Hollywood Squares" .

Addotta was also featured on the "Dr. Demento" radio show. He was best known for his comedy recording "Wet Dream". He also hosted the game show "Everything Goes" on the Playboy Channel.

Addotta died on August 13, 2019 in Los Angeles, aged 75.








Mulhall, Oklahoma

Mulhall is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Guo Zhenqian

Guo Zhenqian (; February 1933 – 13 August 2019) was a Chinese Communists politician and banker. He was Governor of Hubei Province from 1985 to 1990, Vice Governor of the People's Bank of China from 1990 to 1993 and Auditor-General of the National Audit Office from 1994 to 1998. Guo was born in Luoning County, Henan.

Guo died on 13 August 2019 in Beijing at the age of 86.

Orlando, Oklahoma

Orlando is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Gustavo Barreiro

Gustavo "Gus" A. Barreiro (July 12, 1959 – August 16, 2019) was a Cuban-born American Republican politician. He was born in Matanzas, Cuba. For four terms, he was in the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 107th district in Miami-Dade County from 1998 to 2006.

Barreiro died on August 16, 2019 of a heart attack in Miami at the age of 60.

Brooks County

Brooks County is the name of two counties in the United States:

Page County

Page County is the name of two counties in the United States:


Jim Hardy

James Francis Hardy (April 24, 1923 – August 16, 2019) was an American football quarterback. He was born in Los Angeles, California. Hardy was known for playing with the Los Angeles Rams from 1946 through 1948, the Chicago Cardinals from 1949 through 1951 and for the Detroit Tigers in 1952.

Hardy died on August 16, 2019 in La Quinta, California at the age of 96.

Jacques Diouf

Jacques Diouf (1 August 1938 – 17 August 2019) was a Senegalese diplomat. He was the Director-General of the United Nations' Food and Agriculture Organization (FAO) from January 1994 to 31 December 2011. Diouf was born in Saint-Louis, Senegal.

Diouf died on 17 August 2019 in Paris after a long-illness, 16 days after his 81st birthday.

Hoffman Estates, Illinois

Hoffman Estates is a village in Illinois, United States. The village is located primarily in Cook County, with a small section in Kane County. It is a suburb of Chicago. As of the 2020 census, the population was 52,530.

Paul Thomas Anderson

Paul Thomas Anderson (born June 26, 1970) is an American filmmaker. He was nominated for eight Academy Awards.



Donald A. B. Lindberg

Donald Allen Bror Lindberg (September 21, 1933 – August 17, 2019) was an American mathematician. He was born in New York City. He was the Director of the United States National Library of Medicine from 1984 until his retirement in 2015. He was known for his work in medical computing. 

Lindberg died on August 17, 2019 after falling at his home at the age of 85.

Goldsby, Oklahoma

Goldsby is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Choulex

Choulex is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


José A. Martínez Suárez

José Antonio Martínez Suárez (2 October 1925 – 17 August 2019) was an Argentine movie director and screenwriter. He worked on more than 20 movies between 1949 and 2003. He was the brother of actresses Mirtha and Silvia Legrand. He was born in Villa Cañás, Santa Fé, Argentina. His best known movie was "Yesterday's Guys Used No Arsenic" (1976).

Martínez Suárez died of pneumonia in Buenos Aires on 17 August 2019 at the age of 93.

Collonge-Bellerive

Collonge-Bellerive is a municipality in the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Goltry, Oklahoma

Goltry is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Gene LeBell

Ivan Gene LeBell (October 9, 1932 – August 9, 2022) was an American martial artist, instructor, stunt performer, and professional wrestler. He was born in Los Angeles, California. LeBell also worked on over 1,000 movies and TV shows and authored 12 books. He was born in Los Angeles. As an instructor, some of his best known students were Chuck Norris, Karo Parisyan, Manny Gamburyan, Ronda Rousey, Roddy Piper and Bruce Lee. 

LeBell was an inspiration for the character of Cliff Booth, played by Brad Pitt, in Quentin Tarantino's 2019 movie "Once Upon a Time in Hollywood".

LeBell died on August 9, 2022 at the age of 89.


Lambert, Oklahoma

Lambert is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Corsier

Corsier is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Once Upon a Time in Hollywood

Once Upon a Time in Hollywood is a 2019 comedy-drama movie written and directed by Quentin Tarantino. It is produced by Columbia Pictures, Bona Film Group, Heyday Films, and Visiona Romantica and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing.

The movie stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Brad Pitt, Margot Robbie, Emile Hirsch, Margaret Qualley, Timothy Olyphant, Austin Butler, Dakota Fanning, Bruce Dern, Luke Perry, Damian Lewis, Lena Dunham, Rumer Willis, James Remar, Kurt Russell, and Al Pacino. The movie takes place in the late 1960s in Hollywood. The movie sees an aging television actor and his stunt double and longtime friend seeing the changing Hollywood movie industry.

"Once Upon a Time in Hollywood" was released on July 26, 2019 and in the United Kingdom on August 14, 2019. It was released to strong positive reviews.

Karel Kuklík

Karel Kuklík (March 7, 1937 – August 18, 2019) was a Czech photographer. He was born in Prague. He was one of the representatives of Informel in Czech fine art photography. He was an artist influenced by abstract and surrealist. In 2000 he co-founded the photographic group Český dřevák.

Kuklík died on August 18, 2019 in Prague at the age of 82.

Charter 77

Charter 77 ("Charta 77" in Czech and in Slovak) was an informal civic initiative in the Czechoslovak Socialist Republic from 1976 to 1992. It is named after the document Charter 77 from January 1977. 

The founding members and architects were Jiří Němec, Václav Benda, Ladislav Hejdánek, Václav Havel, Jan Patočka, Zdeněk Mlynář, Jiří Hájek, Martin Palouš, Pavel Kohout and Ladislav Lis. The charter was seen as a political crime by the communist regime. 

After the 1989 Velvet Revolution, many of its members played important roles in Czech and Slovak politics.

Ladislav Hejdánek

Ladislav Hejdánek (10 May 1927 – 28 April 2020) was a Czech philosopher. He was one of the creators of Charter 77. He was born in Prague.


František Derfler

František Derfler (12 November 1942 – 17 August 2019) was a Czech actor, educator and political activist. He was born in Prague. He was a professor of divisions. In November 1989 he co-founded the local Civic Forum in Brno and became its spokesperson. He was one of the signers of Charter 77.

Derfler died on 17 August 2019 in Prague at the age of 76.


Julie Dreyfus

Julie Dreyfus (born 24 January 1966) is a French actress. She is known for her roles in the Quentin Tarantino movies "Kill Bill" and "Inglourious Basterds".

Encarna Paso

María de la Encarnación Paso Ramos (25 March 1931 – 18 August 2019), better known as Encarna Paso, was a Spanish actress. She was born in Madrid. She was known for her role as Elena in the movie "Begin the Beguine" (1982).

Paso died on 18 August 2019 in Madrid at the age of 88 from pneumonia.

Al Jackson

Alvin Neill Jackson (December 26, 1935 – August 19, 2019) was an American left-handed pitcher in Major League Baseball. He played from 1959 to 1969. His 43 wins with the New York Mets were the franchise record until 1969. He was born in Waco, Texas. He also played for the Pittsburgh Pirates, the St. Louis Cardinals and the Cincinnati Reds.

Jackson died on August 19, 2019 after a long illness in Port St. Lucie, Florida at the age of 83.

Mohammed Zahur Khayyam

Mohammed Zahur "Khayyam" Hashmi, better known as Khayyam (18 February 1927 – 19 August 2019), was an Indian music director and background score composer. His career lasted from 1948 to 2007. His best known works were "Umrao Jaan, Kabhi Kabhie, Razia Sultan, Dil-e-Nadaan, Dard" and "Thodisi Bewafai". He was born in Rahon, Punjab, British India.

Khayyam died on 19 August 2019 in Mumbai from cardiac arrest caused by a lung infection at the age of 92.

Rudolf Hundstorfer

Rudolf Hundstorfer (September 19, 1951 – August 20, 2019) was an Austrian social democratic politician who served as president of the Austrian Trade Union Federation (ÖGB). Hundstorfer was from December 2008 to January 2016 the Federal Minister for Labour, Social Affairs and Consumer Protection. He ran for president in the 2016 election.

Hundstorfer was born in Vienna. On August 20, 2019, Hundstorfer died at the age of 67 from a heart attack while on vacation in Croatia.

Jan Ruff O'Herne

Jeanne Alida "Jan" Ruff O'Herne (18 January 1923 – 19 August 2019) was a Dutch-born Australian human rights and comfort women activist. She was known for her campaigns and speeches against war rape.

During World War II, O'Herne was among young women forced into sexual slavery by the Imperial Japanese Army. Fifty years after the end of the war, O'Herne decided to speak out publicly to demand a formal apology from the Japanese government. She was born in Bandoeng, Dutch East Indies.

O'Herne died on 19 August 2019 in Adelaide, South Australia at the age of 96.

Cistanthe monandra

Cystanthe monandra is a species of flowering plant. It is known as the common pussypaws.

The plant is native to the Southwestern United States, Southern California, and nearby Baja California. It grows in sandy areas such as deserts and coastal and mountain scrub habitats.

Larry Taylor

Samuel Lawrence Taylor (June 26, 1942 – August 19, 2019) was an American bass guitarist. He was born in New York City. He was best known for his work as a member of Canned Heat. He also played for The Monkees and Jerry Lee Lewis. He was the younger brother of Mel Taylor, long-time drummer for The Ventures.

Taylor died after a twelve-year struggle with lung cancer at his home in Lake Balboa, California at the age of 77.

No Time to Die

No Time to Die is a 2021 spy movie. It is twenty-fifth movie in the "James Bond" series. It is produced by Eon Productions for Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and Universal Pictures. The movie has Daniel Craig in his fifth and final performance as fictional MI6 agent, James Bond. It is directed by Cary Joji Fukunaga.


Billie Eilish performed and released the official theme of the movie in February 2020.

The movie released on 3 April 2021 in the United Kingdom and on 8 October 2021 worldwide.

Melanie Scrofano

Melanie Scrofano is a Canadian actress. She is known for playing the roles of Rebecca on the CBC dramedy series "Being Erica", October on the Showcase comedy mockumentary series "Pure Pwnage", and Tia on the CTV Television Network fantasy drama series "The Listener". 

Scrofano has played the lead role on Syfy's modern Western drama "Wynonna Earp" since 2016.

Jagannath Mishra

Jagannath Mishra (24 June 1937 – 19 August 2019) was an Indian politician. He was the Chief Minister of Bihar from 1975 to 1977, again from 1980 to 1983 and for a final time from 1989 to 1990. Mishra was born in Bihar. He was a member of the Indian National Congress. 

Mishra died on 19 August 2019 at a hospital in New Delhi of cancer at the age of 82.

Hit box (video games)

Hit boxes are areas programmed into a video or computer game where an attack will hit and do damage. A hurt box is where a player or bot can be hurt by another's attack. Splash damage is the area where a player or bot's own attack does damage to themselves. Explosive weapons like rocket launchers and grenades usually do splash damage if they explode too close to the player or bot, even when friendly fire is on.

Hiroshima Peace Memorial Ceremony

The Hiroshima Peace Memorial Ceremony is an annual Japanese vigil that that occurs on August 6 yearly since 1974 in the city of Hiroshima. Its purpose is to console the victims of the atomic bombs and to pray for the realization of lasting world peace.

In 2010, John V. Roos became the first United States ambassador to Japan to attend the ceremony. President Barack Obama visited later in 2016.

Due to the worldwide spreading of the memorial culture surrounding Hiroshima, similar ceremonies are held across the globe. An example occurred at the Israeli Holocaust memorial of Yad Vashem, where 18 individuals held a brief ceremony at the Yizkor Hall in 1986.



Friendly fire

Friendly fire is when a soldier accidentally injures or kills someone from their own military or a soldier who is on neither side. If civilians are killed and not soldiers, it is called collateral damage.

Health bar (video games)

A health bar is a image in video games that show the player how much health they have left. If the player's health bar is completely empty or the number shown is zero, the player will usually lose a life or die. Many games have health pick-ups that will give the player back lost health if they touch or use them. The health bar is used in many types of video games, including first-person shooters, fighter games, role-playing games, and platformers. Even though many first-person gives the player regenerating health instead of a health bar, there are still some shooter games that have health bars. Most fighter games use health bars, but there are some like the Super Smash Bros. games that measure health by damage percentage. In such games, the goals is to knock the opponent off stage, rather than kill the opponent, and the higher the damage percentage, the further attacks will knock the opponent off stage.

M72 LAW

The M72 Light Anti-Armor Weapon (LAW) is a small, lightweight rocket launcher used by the US military and other NATO countries. It weighs only five-and-a-half pounds. It was so small that it only needed one person to use it, rather than two for the bazooka. It was used often during the Vietnam War. The North Vietnamese military and guerillas did not use tanks often since so much fighting was in the jungle, but the LAW was still useful for destroying bunkers and trenches.

Boon Keng MRT station

Boon Keng MRT Station (NE9) is an underground station along the North East Line of the Mass Rapid Transit in the Kallang planning area, Singapore. It is located near the north end of Little India. This station is within a ten-minute walk to Bendemeer MRT station on the Downtown Line. The station was named after Dr Lim Boon Keng.

Babulal Gaur

Babulal Gaur Yadav (2 June 1930 – 21 August 2019) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He was elected in 10 Assembly elections from the seat of Govindpura in Bhopal before retiring from electoral politics in 2018. He was the 16th Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh from August 2004 through November 2005. He was born in Naugir, United Provinces.

Gaur died on 21 August 2019 from cardiac arrest at a medical center in Bhopal at the age of 89.

Motilal Vora

Motilal Vora (20 December 1928 – 21 December 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Indian National Congress (INC). He was the Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh from 1985 through 1988 and again in 1989. He was born in Nimbi Jodha, Jodhpur State, British India. He was also Governor of Uttar Pradesh from 1993 to 1996.

Vora died at a hospital in New Delhi from problems caused by COVID-19 on 21 December 2020, one day after his 92nd birthday.

Kailash Chandra Joshi

Kailsh Chandra Joshi (14 July 1929 – 24 September 2019) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He was the 9th Chief Minister of Madhya Pradesh from June 1977 to January 1978. He was a member of the Lok Sabha from 2004 to 2014, representing the Bhopal constituency in Madhya Pradesh. Joshi was born in Hatpipalya, Dewas State, British India.

Joshi died on 24 September 2019 at hospital in Bhopal from respiratory failure caused by diabetes at the age of 90.


Singapore General Hospital

The Singapore General Hospital is the largest and oldest hospital in Singapore, which was founded in 1821. SGH ranked third as the best hospital in the world by Newsweek in 2019. 

The hospital occupies a large portion of the eastern part of Bukit Merah. It shares space with the Singapore National Eye Centre, the National Heart Centre Singapore, the National Cancer Centre Singapore, National Dental Centre Singapore and the Duke–NUS Medical School.

The hospital was established in 1821, when the first General Hospital was located in the cantonment for British troops near the Singapore River. The hospital moved several times before settling down at Sepoy Lines along Outram Road in 1882.

Modern history of the hospital began on 29 March 1926, with the opening of 800 beds. Today, only the Bowyer Block with its historically distinctive clock tower remains. The Bowyer Block is now home to the SGH Museum.

In the 1990's, the hospital was rebuilt and restructured to modernise the organisation of the hospital. The campus now houses its current 8-block complex housing in-patient wards, ambulatory and support services, research laboratories and a postgraduate medical institute.

The SGH Museum was officially opened by President S. R. Nathan on 20 May 2005. It is a repository of artefacts and records, where the long and rich history of the hospital can be traced. One can also learn about the development of medical specialties and medical education in Singapore at the museum.

In 2015, 22 patients in the renal ward were infected with Hepatitis C. 8 died in the outbreak.

Chelsea F.C. Women

Chelsea Football Club Women are an English women's football club based in Fulham, England. Previously, they were named Chelsea Ladies Football Club. 

Chelsea Women were a founding member of the FA WSL in 2010, the top level of women's football in England since 2011.

SIA

Sia or SIA may refer to:


Jean-Henry Céant

Jean Henry Céant (born 27 September 1956) is a Haitian politician who was the Prime Minister of Haiti.

SAG-AFTRA

Screen Actors Guild‐American Federation of Television and Radio Artists (SAG-AFTRA) is an American labor union representing approximately 160,000 movie and television actors, journalists, radio personalities, recording artists, singers, voice actors, and other media professionals worldwide. 

The organization was formed on March 30, 2012, following the merger of the Screen Actors Guild (created in 1933) and the American Federation of Television and Radio Artists. SAG-AFTRA is a member of the AFL–CIO, the largest federation of unions in the United States.


Millie Perkins

Millie Perkins (born May 12, 1938) is an American actress and model. She is best known for her role as Anne Frank in "The Diary of Anne Frank" (1959), and for her supporting actress roles in two 1966 westerns, "The Shooting" and "Ride in the Whirlwind".

Dafli

A Dafli or Daf is a handheld bass producing device, which can be thought of similar to a drum or Tabla. There is not much learning involved unlike other musical instruments and one can soon learn to produce a musical pattern on it. They are often used in rural folk fares, religious festivals, or Bhajans. Some people earn their livelihood by playing such musical instruments.

Typhoon Lekima

The typhoon Lekima refers to two storms:

Raymond Poincaré University Hospital

The Hôpital Raymond-Poincaré is a well-known hospital in Garches, close to Paris. It has been created in 1936. He is partner of the Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines.


Mahamadou Issoufou

Mahamadou Issoufou (born 1 January 1952) is a Nigerien politician who was the President of Niger from 2011 until 2021. Issoufou was the Prime Minister of Niger from 1993 to 1994, President of the National Assembly from February 1995 to 27 January 1996, and he has been a candidate in each presidential election since 1993. He led the Nigerien Party for Democracy and Socialism (PNDS-Tarayya), a social democratic party, from its foundation in 1990 until his election as President of Niger in 2011. During the Presidency of Mamadou Tandja (1999–2010), Issoufou was the main opposition leader.

N'guigmi Department

N'guigmi is a department of the Diffa Region in Niger. Its capital is the city of N'guigmi. As of 2011, 77,748 people lived there.

Abalak Department

Abalak is a department of the Tahoua Region in Niger. Its capital is the city of Abalak. As of 2011, 112,273 people lived there.

Gaya Department

Gaya is a department of the Dosso Region in Niger. Its capital is the city of Gaya. As of 2011, 349,794 people lived there.

Gore, Oklahoma

Gore is a town of Oklahoma in the United States. Gore claims to be the "trout capital of Oklahoma".

Gotebo, Oklahoma

Gotebo is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Mountain View, Oklahoma

Mountain View is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Mountain Park, Oklahoma

Mountain Park is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Grayson, Oklahoma

Grayson is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Greenfield, Oklahoma

Greenfield is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Hall Park, Oklahoma

Hall Park is a town in the state of Oklahoma in the United States.

Hallett, Oklahoma

Hallett is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.


Hanna, Oklahoma

Hanna is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Hastings, Oklahoma

Hastings is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Haworth, Oklahoma

Haworth is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Smithville, Oklahoma

Smithville is a town in Oklahoma in the United States. 77 people lived there according to the 2020 census.

Valliant, Oklahoma

Valliant is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Jones, Oklahoma

Jones is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Kellyville, Oklahoma

Kellyville is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Kendrick, Oklahoma

Kendrick is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Tryon, Oklahoma

Tryon is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Hickory, Oklahoma

Hickory is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Oak Grove, Oklahoma

Oak Grove is a town in Pawnee County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 22 in the 2020 census.

Ralston, Oklahoma

Ralston is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Maramec, Oklahoma

Maramec is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Hillsdale, Oklahoma

Hillsdale is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Lahoma, Oklahoma

Lahoma is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Ketchum, Oklahoma

Ketchum is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Roopkund

Roopkund (also known as "Mystery Lake" and "Skeletons Lake") is a remote lake in the Indian Himalayas. It is located away from Karnaprayag, Uttarakhand, India.

Hitchcock, Oklahoma

Hitchcock is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Indiahoma, Oklahoma

Indiahoma is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Dardagny

Dardagny is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland. The main sights of Dardagny are: the castle, the chapel "Malval" and the farm "Bellevaux".

In 1978, Dardagny received the Wakker Prize for the development and preservation of its architectural heritage.


Munirah Warsame Abdiwahid

Munirah Warsame Abdiwahid is a Taekwondo sportswomen. In 2019, she participated in the representing the country of Somalia.

Yara Sharafeldin

Yara Sharafeldin is a Egyptian Snooker player.

In 2019, she participated in the representing the country of Egypt. On August 20, Sharafeldin lost against fellow Egyptian Gantan Elaskary, and she later that same day would lose to against Morocco's Youssra Matine both with a score of 2-1.

Kingston, Oklahoma

Kingston is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Oakland, Oklahoma

Oakland is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Muldrow, Oklahoma

Muldrow is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Russin

Russin is a municipality in the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Concurrency (computer science)

In concurrent computing, multiple calculations are made within overlapping time frames. It takes advantage of the concept that multiple threads or processes can make progress on a task asynchronously. This general approach to writing and executing computer programs is called concurrency.

Concurrency is different from parallel computing, as parallel computing uses multiple processors, each of which are assigned a single, synchronous thread.

Batalhão Cemetery

Batalhão Cemetery is a cemetery located in the city of Campo Maior, Piauí, Brazil. It is a historical heritage site, listed in 1938 by the National Historic and Artistic Heritage Institute (, IPHAN) and named National Monument in 1990 by the president José Sarney.

The Batalhão cemetery, located in the municipality of Campo maior (PI), was listed by IPHAN in 1938 and has been registered in the Books of Listed Historical Sites and of Fine Arts. The cemetery, one of the most important landmarks in the history od Piauí and in the Independence of Brazil, is home to the remains of the heroes of the Battle of Jenipapo, which took place on March 13, 1823.

Celso Piña

Celso Piña (April 6, 1953 – August 21, 2019) was a Mexican singer-songwriter, composer, arranger, and accordionist. He was born Monterrey, Nuevo León. His most popular songs include "La quebradita de la paz", "El tren", "Como el viento" and "La piragua" by José Barros. He was featured in the song "Sufran con lo que yo gozo" along with Mexican singer Gloria Trevi.

On August 21, 2019, Piña died from a heart attack in Monterrey at the age of 66.

Ryan D. McCarthy

Ryan D. McCarthy is an American politician and military personnel. He was the 24th United States Secretary of the Army from July 23, 2019 to January 20, 2021.

In June 2017, President Donald Trump nominated him to become the United States Under Secretary of the Army. He was confirmed as United States Under Secretary of the Army by the United States Senate on August 1, 2017, by voice vote.

From August 3 to November 20, 2017, he was acting secretary of the Army. From June 24, 2019 to July 15, 2019, while secretary of the Army Mark Esper was acting secretary of Defense, McCarthy became acting Secretary of the Army.

Trump McCarthy to become the Secretary of the Army on June 21, 2019. He was confirmed on September 26, 2019 and was sworn in on September 30, 2019 as Secretary of the Army.

Giovanni Buttarelli

Giovanni Buttarelli (24 June 1957 – 20 August 2019) was an Italian politician. He was the European Data Protection Supervisor (EDPS). On 4 December 2014, he was appointed to the job.

He was also a member of the Italian judiciary with the rank of judge of the Court of Cassation.

Buttarelli died on 20 August 2019 in Milan at the age of 62.

List of kings of Jordan

The King of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan is Jordan's head of state and monarch. He is the head of the Jordanian monarchy — the Hashemite dynasty. The king is known as His Majesty ().

The king has executive and legislative powers. He is commander-in-chief of the Jordanian Armed Forces and appoints the prime minister and the directors of security agencies. He also appoints the members of the upper house, the Senate, as well as the members of the Constitutional Court. 

Hussein of Jordan

Hussein bin Talal (, "Al-Ḥusayn ibn Ṭalāl"; 14 November 1935 – 7 February 1999) was the King of Jordan from 11 August 1952 until his death on 7 February 1999. He died of non-Hodgkin lymphoma, aged 63.

Hussein, Crown Prince of Jordan

Hussein bin Abdullah (, "Ḥusayn ibn ʿAbdullāh"; born 28 June 1994) is the heir apparent of King Abdullah II of Jordan.

Hussein was born on 28 June 1994 at King Hussein Medical City in Amman to the then-Prince Abdullah and Princess Rania.

28 June 1994-2 July 2009 His Royal Highness Prince Hussein of Jordan 

2 July 2009 His Royal Highness The Crown Prince of Jordan

Honors 

National Honors

Jordan

-Grand Cordon of the Order of Independence 

-Medal of the Order of the State Centennial 

Foreign Honors 

-Bahrain: Member 1st Class of the King Hamad Order of the Renaissance (5 February 2019)

-Norway: Grand Cross of the Order of St. Olav (2 March 2020)

-Sweden: Commander Grand Cross of the Order of the Polar Star (15 November 2022)

Abdullah I of Jordan

Abdullah I bin Al-Hussein (, "Abd Allāh Al-Awal ibn Al-Husayn", 2 February 1882 – 20 July 1951) was the ruler of Jordan and Transjordan, from 1921 until his assassination in 1951. He was Jordan's first King.

During World War I, he played a key role in secret negotiations with the United Kingdom. This led to the Great Arab Revolt against Ottoman rule that was led by his father Sharif Hussein. Abdullah led guerrilla raids on Ottoman garrisons.

Abdullah was shot and killed in Jerusalem by a Palestinian activist on 20 July 1951, aged 69.

Talal of Jordan

Talal bin Abdullah (, ; 26 February 1909 – 7 July 1972) was King of Jordan from the assassination of his father, King Abdullah I, on 20 July 1951, until he was forced to abdicate on 11 August 1952. 

He ruled for less than thirteen months until he was forced to abdicate by Parliament due to his schizophrenia. Talal spent the rest of his life at a sanatorium in Istanbul and died there on 7 July 1972.

Abdullah Ensour

Abdullah Ensour ( ; ""; born 20 January 1939) is a Jordanian economist. He was Prime Minister of Jordan between October 2012 and May 2016.

Abdelraouf Rawabdeh

Abdelraouf al-Rawabdeh (; born 18 February 1939) is a Jordanian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Jordan from 4 March 1999 until 19 June 2000.

On 24 October 2013 he was named President of the Senate. He resigned on 25 October 2015.

Ahmad Obeidat

Ahmad Obeidat (born 18 November 1938) is a Jordanian politician. He was Prime Minister of Jordan from 10 January 1984 to 4 April 1985. He was born in Hartha, Irbid. In May 2011, he launched the National Front for Reform.

Prime Minister of Jordan

The Prime Minister of Jordan is the head of government of the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.

The Prime Minister is appointed by the King of Jordan, who is then free to form his own Cabinet.

The Parliament of Jordan then approves the programs of the new government through a vote of confidence. There are no constitutional limits on a Prime Minister's term, and several of them served multiple non-consecutive terms.

Junior Agogo

Manuel "Junior" Agogo (1 August 1979 – 22 August 2019) was a Ghanaian former professional footballer. He played as a striker. His longest spell was at Bristol Rovers (2003–06), where he made 140 appearances before moving to Nottingham Forest.

Agogo played on the Ghana between 2006 and 2009.

His three goals in the final stages of the 2008 Africa Cup of Nations helped Ghana to a third-place finish. After retiring, he opened his own small group and personal fitness training business.

On 29 January 2015, Agogo was hospitalised after suffering a stroke.

On 22 August 2019, Agogo died in London at the age of 40.

Mazhar Krasniqi

Mazhar Shukri Krasniqi (17 October 1931 – 8 August 2019) was a Yugoslav-born New Zealand Muslim community leader. He was born in Pristina, Kingdom of Yugoslavia. He was the first president of the Federation of Islamic Associations of New Zealand (FIANZ) from 1979 to 1981. In December 2002, he was awarded the Queen's Service Medal (QSM).

Krasniqi died on 8 August 2019 at the age of 87.

William O'Malley

The Rev. William J. O'Malley, S.J. (born August 18, 1931) is an American author and actor. He was born in Buffalo, New York. He graduated from the College of the Holy Cross in 1953.

O'Malley is best known for playing Father Joseph Dyer in the 1973 horror classic movie "The Exorcist".

He taught theology, AP English and later an elective called "The Problem of God/Morality/Marriage/Fatherhood" at Fordham Preparatory School in the Bronx until June 2012. He was an associate professor of theology at Fordham University and later a professor of theology and the humanities at Seattle University.

In August 2019, O'Malley was accused of sexually assaulting a student multiple times while teaching in Rochester, New York in the late 1980s.


Narberth, Pennsylvania

Narberth is a borough in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 4,492 at the 2020 census.

Otopeni Airport

Otopeni Airport (full name: Henri Coandă International Airport; ) is the airport with the most traffic in Romania, and it is based in Otopeni, a city which is 16.5 km (10.3 mi) from the center of Bucharest. In 2018, the airport had 13,824,830 total passengers.


Montgomery County, Pennsylvania

Montgomery County is the third-most populous county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of 2020, the population of the county was 856,553. Montgomery County is located adjacent to and northwest of Philadelphia. The county seat is Norristown.

Dauphin County, Pennsylvania

Dauphin County is a county in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, the population was 286,401. The county seat and the largest city is Harrisburg, Pennsylvania's state capital and tenth largest city. The county was created on March 4, 1785.

Le Grand-Saconnex

Le Grand-Saconnex is a municipality in the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.

Geneva International Airport is partially within the borders of Le Grand-Saconnex.

Le Grand Saconnex is twinned with:


Genthod

Genthod is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Troinex

Troinex is a municipality in the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Meinier

Meinier is a municipality of the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland.


Hitchita, Oklahoma

Hitchita is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Hoffman, Oklahoma

Hoffman is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Howe, Oklahoma

Howe is a town in Le Flore County, Oklahoma, United States.

Shady Point, Oklahoma

Shady Point is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Hunter, Oklahoma

Hunter is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Jussy, Switzerland

Jussy is a municipality in the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Brentwood, Pennsylvania

Brentwood is a borough in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 10,082 at the 2020 census.


Afton (village), New York

Afton is a village in Chenango County, New York, United States. The population was 794 at the 2020 census.

Presinge

Presinge is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Perly-Certoux

Perly-Certoux is a municipality in the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Hermance

Hermance is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Laconnex

Laconnex is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Plan-les-Ouates

Plan-les-Ouates is a municipality of the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Satigny

Satigny is a municipality in the canton of Geneva in Switzerland. It is the largest wine-producing municipality in Switzerland.


Vandœuvres

Vandœuvres is a municipality in the canton of Geneva in Switzerland.


Lenapah, Oklahoma

Lenapah is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Taloga, Oklahoma

Taloga is the county seat of Dewey County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 288 at the 2020 census.

Rocky, Oklahoma

Rocky is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Sentinel, Oklahoma

Sentinel is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Jennings, Oklahoma

Jennings is a city in Oklahoma in the United States.

Johnson, Oklahoma

Johnson is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

St. Louis, Oklahoma

St. Louis is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Keota, Oklahoma

Keota is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Tamaha, Oklahoma

Tamaha is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Kinta, Oklahoma

Kinta is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

May, Oklahoma

May is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Battle of Isandlwana

The Battle of Isandlwana took place on 22 January 1879. It was the first battle between the Zulus and the British Empire. The struggle between the two nations is known as the Anglo–Zulu War. 

The British army, commanded by Lord Chelmsford, invaded Zululand. The 24th foot made camp at Isandlwana where they were attacked by about 20,000 Zulus. Over 1,300 soldiers were killed. The Zulus themselves lost about 1,000 to 2,500 men.

The battle was followed by the successful British defence at the Battle of Rorke's Drift.

Strictly speaking, the war was between the colonial Government of Natal and the Zulu nation. The colony (which later became South Africa) made its own decisions.

Civil marriage

A civil marriage is a marriage that is recognized by a government official. It can either be a religious ceremony or it can be secular. The definition and practice varies greatly between countries.

At present the law allows same-sex marriages as well as man/woman marriages, and both religious and civil settings are possible.

In 1753 an Act of Parliament required all marriages to be done in a religious place. Church of England churches, Quakers meeting places and synagogues were examples of appropriate places.

The Act of 1753 did not apply in Scotland. Marriages were, of course, done in churches. But actually it was enough for a couple to state their commitment in front of witnesses. A registrar would record the marriage. This was a type of common law marriage.

Kiefer, Oklahoma

Kiefer is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Mounds, Oklahoma

Mounds is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Depew, Oklahoma

Depew is a town of Oklahoma in the United States. The town was named in honor of New York Senator Chauncey Depew.

Thackerville, Oklahoma

Thackerville is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Yalobusha County, Mississippi

Yalobusha County is a county found in the U.S. state of Mississippi. As of the 2020 census, 12,481 people lived there. Its county seats are Water Valley and Coffeeville.

Heat treating

Heat treating or heat treatment is the name for a number of processes in metallurgy: All processes have in common that the piece being worked on is heated for some time, and then cooled off. This is done to change some of the properties of the workpiece. Heat treating is used for pieces of metal, for certain alloys, and for certain types of plastic. With ceramics, a form of heat treating is part of the production process, and is called sintering.

There is also a concept called hot working, but it is different.

Victoria Mary Talbot

Victoria Mary Talbot, born in 1931, is an Australian painter and illustrator. She started her career in Melbourne in 1958. She moved to London where she worked for the well-recognized solo-exhibitionist Arthur Jeffress' Gallery in 1961. This period were successful and became her great breakthrough. During this period, she also finished the portraits of The Duke of Bedford, Lady Astor and Princess Ujrvala Bistraw Shah. In 1962 she had her first solo exhibition in Paris. There were several exhibitions in Australia in 1964. She travelled to Thailand, Cambodia, Hong Kong, Japan and America. After completing her exhibition in Los Angeles in 1965, she returned to London where she commissioned painting the Maharaja by Ciich-Behar. Her colourful and interesting life is reflected in her imaginative images, varied expressions from the observant and quality-conscious eye of an international connoisseur. She moved to Norway in November 1965, fell in love with the country and the tranquility. 

1957    Melbourne       Australian Galleries

1957    Sydney            Terry-Clune Gallery

1961    London            Arthur Jeffress Gallery

1962    Paris                Jean Giraudoux Galerie

1963    Melbourne       South Yarra Gallery

1964    London            The Trafford Gallery

1964    London            The Trafford Gallery

1967    Paris                La Galerie Mouffe

1969    London            The Trafford Gallery

1971    Asker               Galleri Pan

1973    Melbourne       South Yarra Gallery

1976    Oslo                 Galleri Galtung

1979    Oslo                 Galleri Galtung

1982    Oslo                 Galleri Galtung

1986    Elverum           Glomdalsmuseet

1988    Melbourne       Westpac Victorian

Arts Centre Trust

1989    Sydney            Casey Galleries

1992    Oslo                 Galleri Galtung

1996    Shawnee         Oklahoma Mabee & Gerrer

Museum of Art – USA

1998    Roma               Galleria Lazzari

1999    Mantova          Galleria Accademia, Italia

2005    Oslo                 Interiør-Galleriet

2011    Oslo                 Interiør-Galleriet


Larry Siegel

Larry Siegel (October 29, 1925 – August 20, 2019) was an American comedy writer, playwright and satirist. He was born in New York City. He wrote for television, stage, magazines, records, and books. He won three Emmys as Head Writer during four seasons of "The Carol Burnett Show". He was one of "Mad Magazine" top movie satire writers. He also wrote for Playboy Magazine. 

Siegel died of problems caused by Parkinson's disease on August 20, 2019 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 93.


Drake White

William Drake White (born October 3, 1983) is an American country music singer-songwriter. He was born in Hokes Bluff, Alabama, but raised in Nashville, Tennessee. In early 2013, he released his debut single "Simple Life" through MCA Nashville. On August 19, 2016, White released "Spark", his debut album under Dot Records. It charted at No. 4 on the Top Country Albums chart. The album's third single, "Makin' Me Look Good Again", was released in 2016.

In January 2019, White was diagnosed with arteriovenous malformation (AVM), a rare vascular disease.

Arteriovenous malformation

Arteriovenous malformation is a rare disorder. It affects the areas between arteries and veins, and bypasses the capillary system. 

This happens in the central nervous system (usually cerebral AVM), but may appear in any location. The disease can cause intense pain or bleeding or lead to other serious medical problems such as cerebral hemorrhages or strokes.

AVMs are usually congenital. The genetic patterns of AVMs are incomplete, but there are known genetic mutations.

The general symptoms of a cerebral AVM include headaches and epileptic seizures. More specific symptoms occurring that normally depend on the place of the malformation.

Cerebral arteriovenous malformation

A cerebral arteriovenous malformation (cerebral AVM, CAVM, cAVM) is a rare connection between the arteries and veins in the brain. It is an arteriovenous malformation in the cerebrum.

In serious cases, the blood vessels rupture and there is bleeding within the brain (intracranial hemorrhage). Nevertheless, in more than half of patients with AVM, hemorrhage is the first symptom.

The most problems related to an AVM, are headaches and seizures, cranial nerve deficits, backaches, neckaches and eventual nausea.

Peter Ellis (childcare worker)

Peter Hugh McGregor Ellis (30 March 1958 – 4 September 2019) was a New Zealand childcare worker who was wrongly accused of child sexual abuse. He was a child care worker who worked in Christchurch. He was convicted in June 1993 and released from prison in February 2000. In October 2022 the Supreme Court of New Zealand said he had been wrongly accused and cleared him of all charges.

In June 1993, Ellis was found guilty in the High Court on 16 counts of sexual offences involving children in his care at the Christchurch Civic Creche and sentenced to 10 years' imprisonment. Many people have said he was wrongly accused, because of the way the children were interviewed and the way their interviews were shown to the jury. 

Many people believe in Ellis' innocence and many New Zealanders have supported his calls to overturn the conviction.

In 1994, the Court of Appeal removed convictions on three of the charges, but kept the sentence. His conviction and sentence were removed for a second time in the Court of Appeal in October 1999. Ellis refused to attend parole board hearings while in prison because he would have to confess to the crimes in order to argue for early release. He was released in February 2000 after serving seven years in prison.

Ellis has continued to campaign to clear his name. In 2019, he appealed to the Supreme Court to have his conviction removed from his background.

The Ellis case was one of many high profile child abuse cases around the world in the 1980s and early 1990s. It has been mentioned as a reason for the decrease in the number of male teachers in New Zealand schools.

In October 2022 the Supreme Court of New Zealand said he had been wrongly accused and cleared him of all charges, even though he had died in 2019.

Ellis was born in Christchurch. He was openly bisexual. 

On 26 July 2019, Ellis announced that he was diagnosed with terminal bladder cancer. He died on 4 September 2019 while appealing his conviction in Christchurch from the disease, aged 61.


Tom Long

Tom Long (3 August 1968 – 4 January 2020) was an American-born Australian actor. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts to Australian parents. He was raised in Benalla, Victoria.

Long is best known for his roles in the ABC hit "SeaChange" (1998–2000) and the Nine Network police drama "Young Lions" (2002). He also starred in the movies "Two Hands" (1999) and "The Dish" (2000). He retired from acting in July 2012.

Long was diagnosed with multiple myeloma after collapsing on stage at the Sydney Opera House in July 2012. On 4 January 2020, Long died of encephalitis caused by the disease at the age of 51.

John H. McArthur

John H. McArthur (March 31, 1934 – August 20, 2019) was a Canadian-American educator and business theorist. He was the Professor of Business Administration and Dean Emeritus of the Harvard Business School from 1980 to 1995. He was born in Vancouver, British Columbia. In 2015, McArthur received the Order of Canada.

McArthur was the founding co-chair of Partners HealthCare and Chair of the Asia Pacific Foundation of Canada.

McArthur died on August 20, 2019 at his home in Weston, Massachusetts at the age of 85.


Baru (cartoonist)

Hervé Barulea, also known as Baru, (born 29 July 1947) is a French cartoonist. He has Italian heritage. He was known for his debut in the magazine Pilote in 1982. In 2013, he was knighted a Chevalier of the Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. In 2010, received the Grand Prix de la ville d'Angoulême.

The Greatest Showman

The Greatest Showman is a 2017 American musical biographical drama movie directed by Michael Gracey. It stars Hugh Jackman, Zac Efron, Michelle Williams, Rebecca Ferguson, and Zendaya. The movie is inspired by the story of P. T. Barnum's creation of the Barnum & Bailey Circus and the lives the star attractions.

It was released in the United States on December 20, 2017, by 20th Century Fox, seven months after Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus closed, and made over $434million worldwide.

"The Greatest Showman" had mixed reviews from critics.

At the 75th Golden Globe Awards, the movie was nominated for two awards. For the song "This Is Me", the movie won the Golden Globe Award for Best Original Song and was nominated for Best Original Song at the 90th Academy Awards and won the Best Compilation Soundtrack for Visual Media at the 61st Grammy Awards.

Rebecca Ferguson

Rebecca Louisa Ferguson Sundström (born 19 October 1983) is a Swedish actress and model. She is known for her role as Elizabeth Woodville in the British television miniseries "The White Queen" (2013).

Ferguson starred as MI6 agent Ilsa Faust in the action spy movies "" (2015) and its sequel "" (2018). She played Jenny Lind in the musical "The Greatest Showman" (2017), and also starred in the comedy-drama "Florence Foster Jenkins" (2016).

2019 Brazil wildfires

The 2019 Brazil wildfires is the result of at least 75,336 wildfires occurred in the country since January 2019.

As of August 20, there are fires burning in the Amazon rainforest in four Brazilian states: Amazonas, Rondônia, Mato Grosso and Pará. At least 39,194 fires have been detected in Amazonas, which is the largest state in Brazil by area, and which has the "largest standing tracts of unbroken rainforest" in the world.

A state of emergency was declared by the government of Amazonas on August 11.

The federal government and President Jair Bolsonaro claims that the data on the numbers are "fake" and refuses to help end the fires or allow other countries to help.

In August, Bolsonaro said no one was allowed to set fires in the Amazon for 60 days. When someone wants to change rainforest land into a farm or other thing, first they cut down the trees and leave them there. Then they allow the land to dry. Then they set it on fire. So many of the trees were still killed because people could cut them down and wait to burn them until later.

Wildfires were also a problem on the Cerrado grassland, a place with many rare plants and animals. 40% of its animals do not live in any other place on Earth.


Yap

Yap or Wa′ab traditionally refers to an island in the Caroline Islands of the western Pacific Ocean, a part of the Federated States of Micronesia. The name "Yap" in recent years has come to also refer to the state within the Federated States of Micronesia, inclusive of the Yap Main Islands and its various outer islands.

The Yap Main Islands are considered to be made up of four separate islands: Yap Island proper ("Marbaq"), Gagil-Tamil, Maap, and Rumung. The four are contiguous, though separated by water, and are surrounded by a common coral reef. They are formed from an uplift of the Philippine Sea Plate, and are referred to as "high" islands as opposed to atolls. The land is mostly rolling hills, densely vegetated. Mangrove swamps line much of the shore, although there are beaches on the northern sides of the islands. Excluding the reef area, Yap is approximately 24 km long, 5–10 km wide, and 98 km. The highest elevation is at Mount Taabiywol in Fanif municipality on Yap island proper. The Yapese people's indigenous cultures and traditions are strong compared to other states in Micronesia.

Colonia is the capital of the State of Yap which includes the Yap Main Islands and the Yap Neighboring Islands—the outer islands (mostly atolls) reaching to the east and south from the Yap Main Islands for some 800 km (500 mi), namely the atolls of Eauripik, Elato, Faraulep, Gaferut, Ifalik, Lamotrek, Ngulu, Olimarao, Piagailoe (West Fayu), Pikelot, Sorol, Ulithi, and Woleai, as well as the islands of Fais and Satawal (see map). Historically, a tributary system existed between the Neighboring Islands and the Yap Main Islands. This probably related to the need for goods from the high islands, including food, as well as wood for construction of seagoing vessels.

In 2000 the population of Colonia and ten other municipalities totalled 11,241. The state has a total land area of .


Chris Kirkpatrick

Christopher Alan Kirkpatrick (born October 17, 1971) is an American singer, dancer, actor, and voice actor who is known for his work with NSYNC, which he sang countertenor.

Lou Pearlman approached Kirkpatrick with an idea to start another group, forming NSYNC.

He has provided the voice of Chip Skylark on "The Fairly OddParents" and guest starred on "The Simpsons" as himself, along with NSYNC.

In April 2003, Kirkpatrick was part of the second season of CMT's show "Gone Country".

On November 2, 2013, Kirkpatrick married Karly Skladany, at the Loews resort hotel in Orlando, Florida. In March 2017, the couple announced that they were expecting their first child. His wife gave birth to a son, Nash Dylan Kirkpatrick on October 10, 2017.

Kirkpatrick has appeared in the music videos for "Lifestyles of the Rich and Famous" by Good Charlotte, "2nd Sucks" by A Day to Remember and "Irresistible" by Fall Out Boy featuring Demi Lovato.



'N Sync (album)

'N Sync is the first studio album by American boy band NSYNC, released on May 26, 1997 in Germany. It was later released on March 24, 1998 in the United States, where it reached number 2 on the Billboard 200.

All lead vocals provided by JC Chasez and Justin Timberlake.


No Strings Attached

No Strings Attached is the third studio album by American boy band NSYNC, released on March 21, 2000, by Jive Records.

All lead vocals provided by Justin Timberlake and JC Chasez.

Celebrity (album)

Celebrity is the fourth studio album by American boy band NSYNC. It was released on July 24, 2001 by Jive Records.

All lead vocals provided by Justin Timberlake and JC Chasez.

Lakewood Church

Lakewood Church is a church in Houston, Texas. Joel and Victoria Osteen are the senior pastors.

Perun

Perun is the god of sky, thunder, lightning, storms, rain, law, war, fertility and oak trees in Slavic mythology. He is similar to the Greek god Zeus.

Garden City

Garden City can refer to:





Somnath temple

The Somnath temple is an important pilgrimage and tourist spot in Gujarat, India. It is located in Prabhas Patan near Veraval in Saurashtra on the western coast of Gujrat and is believed to be the first among the twelve Jyotirlinga shrines of Shiva. It was reconstructed in the Chalukya style of Hindu temple architecture and was completed in May 1951. The reconstruction was started under the orders of the Indian Home Minister, Vallabhbhai Patel and completed after his death. 

Kiowa, Oklahoma

Kiowa is a town in Pittsburg County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 595 at the 2020 census.

Quinton, Oklahoma

Quinton is a town of Pittsburg County in the state of Oklahoma in the United States. The population was 863 at the 2020 census. The town was named for Elizabeth Quinton who lived to be 116 years old. Her family still resides in and around the town of Quinton.

Quinton is at (35.125904, -95.367470). According to the United States Census Bureau, the town has a total area of , of which, of it is land and 0.88% is water.

As of the census of 2020, there were 863 people, 334 households, and 218 families in the town. The population density was 965.3 people per square mile (372.7/km²). There were 401 housing units at an average density of 448.5 per square mile (173.2/km²). There were 64.9% White, 0.3% African American, 18.5% Native American, 0.3% Asian, 2.1% from other races, and 13.8% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 5.0% of the population.

There were 334 households out of which 35.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 44.3% were married couples living together, 29.9% had a female householder with no partner present, 18.6% had a male householder with no partner present, and 34.7% were non-families. 28.1% of all households were made up of individuals and 8.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.58.

In the town, the population was spread out with 28.4% under the age of 18, 8.8% from 18 to 24, 20.4% from 25 to 44, 26.2% from 45 to 64, and 16.2% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 37.6 years. For every 100 females, there were 98.4 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 84.2 males.

As of 2000, the median income for a household in the town was $19,531, and the median income for a family was $26,912. Males had a median income of $28,056 versus $16,797 for females. The per capita income for the town was $15,143. About 18.3% of families and 22.8% of the population were below the poverty line, including 29.3% of those under age 18 and 24.3% of those age 65 or over.


Rosedale, Oklahoma

Rosedale is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Washington, Oklahoma

Washington is a town of Oklahoma, in the United States.

Lawrence Creek, Oklahoma

Lawrence Creek is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Shamrock, Oklahoma

Shamrock is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Slick, Oklahoma

Slick is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Renfrow, Oklahoma

Renfrow is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Keyes, Oklahoma

Keyes is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

List of towns in Ontario

A town is a sub-type of municipalities in the Canadian province of Ontario.

Leon, Oklahoma

Leon is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Paoli, Oklahoma

Paoli is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Maysville, Oklahoma

Maysville is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Locust Grove, Oklahoma

Locust Grove is a town of Oklahoma in the United States.

Ancestral Puebloans

The Ancestral Puebloans were an ancient Native American civilization. They lived in what is today the southwestern United States. Their settlements were in what are now Colorado, Utah, Arizona and New Mexico. They were called the Anasazi by the Navajos.

Their culture ceased in the 15th century AD. The civilization left remains of some large and important places. Two of these have been classified as UNESCO World Heritage Sites. Remains found by archaeologists show knowledge of pottery, weaving and irrigation. They also drew symbols.

Tim Means (environmentalist)

Timothy "Timoteo" Irwin Means Heinemann (March 18, 1944 – August 13, 2019) was an American-Mexican ecotourism and environmentalist. He was born in Beaver Falls, Pennsylvania. He was known for his works for the protection and preservation of the Baja California peninsula and its wildlife. He played an important role in the Federal government of Mexico's designation of Isla Espíritu Santo as an area of ecological and national protected area in 1994. His works were acknowledged by the UNESCO. 

Means died in San Diego, California on August 13, 2019 from problems caused by diabetes, aged 75.

Bill McDonagh

Joseph William James McDonagh (April 30, 1928 – August 17, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey left winger. He played four games in the National Hockey League with the New York Rangers in the 1949–50 season.

McDonagh was born in Rouyn, Quebec, but grew up in Ansonville, Ontario. He died on August 17, 2019 in Toronto at the age of 91.

Egon Zimmermann

Egon Zimmermann (8 February 1939 – 23 August 2019), often known as Egon Zimmermann II, was an Austrian World Cup alpine ski racer and Olympic gold medalist and businessman. Zimmermann won the Olympic downhill at Patscherkofel in 1964 and won several medals on the professional tour in the late-1960s and early 1970s. He was born in Lech, Vorarlberg, Austria. He owned hotels in Austria.

Zimmermann died on 23 August 2019 in Lech, Austria from problems caused by multiple sclerosis, aged 80.


Frederick R. Koch

Frederick Robinson Koch (; August 26, 1933 – February 12, 2020) was an American businessman, art collector and philanthropist.

He was the oldest of the four sons born to American industrialist Fred Chase Koch, founder of what is now Koch Industries, and Mary Clementine (née Robinson) Koch.

Koch's Frederick R. Koch Foundation was a major donor in New York to the Pierpont Morgan Library. He donated to the Frick Collection and, in Pittsburgh, to the Carnegie Museum of Art.

Yale president Richard C. Levin described the Koch collection as "one of the greatest collections to come to Yale since the year of its founding."

Koch many historic places only to restore them such as the Donahue house, a Woolworth mansion in Manhattan; the Habsburg hunting lodge "Schloss Blühnbach" near Salzburg; the Romanesque Villa "Torre Clementina" in Cap Martin, France; and Elm Court, a manse in Butler, Pennsylvania.

Koch helped restore the Royal Shakespeare Company's Swan Theater in England from its 1879 remains.

Koch died on February 12, 2020 at his Manhattan home from heart failure, aged 86.

Qinlingosaurus

Qinlingosaurus is a genus of herbivorous sauropod from the late Cretaceous, one of the last in Asia. The fossil evidence is very limited: it is only an ilium, ischium and three vertebrae. 

The type species is "Qinlingosaurus luonanensis". The generic name comes from where the first fossils were found in the Qinling mountain range in China.

Typhoon Krosa (2019)

Typhoon Krosa was a storm that affected Japan. It was the next typhoon after Lekima, in the 2019 Pacific typhoon season.

A tropical depression formed near Mariana Islands on August 5. By August 6, it intensified into a tropical storm, and was named Krosa by the JMA. Tropical Storm Krosa soon became a typhoon, and rapidly intensified to become a category 3-equivalent typhoon on August 8. Upwelling of cooler waters induced weakening thereafter; by August 13, Krosa weakened below typhoon intensity. Krosa continued moving, albeit slowly, towards Japan with little change in intensity. Moderately conducive conditions were unable to aid Krosa in strengthening, and it stayed the same intensity before landfall in Japan. On August 14, Krosa emerged in the Sea of Japan and a few days later on August 16 Krosa transitioned into an extratropical low.

The typhoon brought torrential rain to parts of Shikoku and Honshu, with accumulations peaking at at Yanase in Kochi Prefecture. Wind gusts reached in Muroto. Rough seas produced by the storm killed two people while flooding killed one other. Fifty-five people were injured in various incidents. Agricultural damage in Japan reached ¥279.61 million (US$2.64 million).

Albert Fish

Hamilton Howard "Albert" Fish (May 19, 1870 – January 16, 1936) was an American serial killer, child rapist and cannibal. He was also known as the Gray Man, the Werewolf of Wysteria, the Brooklyn Vampire, the Moon Maniac, and The Boogey Man. Fish once boasted that he "had children in every state", and at one time stated his number of victims was about 100. However, it is not known whether he was referring to rapes or cannibalization, nor is it known if the statement was truthful. Fish was a suspect in at least five murders during his lifetime. Fish confessed to three murders that police were able to trace to a known murder, and he confessed to stabbing at least two other people. He was put on trial for the kidnapping and murder of Grace Budd, and was convicted and executed by electric chair at Sing Sing. His last words were, "I don't even know why I'm here."

Fish was known to stab himself with pins, as could be seen from X-rays. He was also known to eat his own feces. Fish supposedly ate the penis of at least one of his victims.

Due to modus operandi, his crimes were sometimes confused with those of nearby serial killer Peter Kudzinowski.

Vertical bar

A vertical bar is the glyph "|". It has several other names besides vertical bar, such as "pipe", "vertical slash", and "bar". In mathematics, it may be put on both sides of a real or complex number to mean its absolute value. When applied on both sides of a matrix, it means its determinant. When placed in between two numbers, it means the divisibility relation (for example. formula_1 means ""a" divides "b"").

In mathematics, double vertical bars are also used to refer to various mathematical concepts. These include the parallel relation (as in formula_2) and the norm of a vector (as in formula_3).


Southampton, New York

Southampton, (pron. south-AM-pton) officially the Town of Southampton, is a town in southeastern Suffolk County, New York. It is located on Long Island. As of the 2020 United States Census, the town had a population of 69,036. 

Carlo Delle Piane

Carlo Delle Piane (2 February 1936 – 23 August 2019) was an Italian actor. From 1948 until his death, he appeared in more than 100 movies. He was born in Rome. In 1984, he won the Nastro d'Argento for Best Actor for his role in "Una gita scolastica". For his role in "Regalo di Natale" he won the Volpi Cup.

Delle Piane died on 23 August 2019 in Rome at the age of 83.


Tom Nissalke

Thomas Edward Nissalke (July 7, 1932 – August 22, 2019) was an American professional basketball coach. He worked for the National Basketball Association and American Basketball Association. He coached several teams in both leagues, and had an overall coaching record of 371–508. He worked for the Houston Rockets, San Antonio Spurs and the Utah Jazz. Nissalke was born in Madison, Wisconsin. 

Nissalke died on August 22, 2019 at his home Salt Lake City, Utah at the age of 87.


Neil Sedaka

Neil Sedaka (born March 13, 1939) is an American pop singer-songwriter, pianist, composer and record producer. His music career began in 1957. He was a founding member of the Tokens. He sold millions of records as an artist and has written or co-written over 500 songs for himself. He was born in New York City. His career was set in Brill Building.


112

112 may refer to:


Mac OS X Public Beta

Mac Os X Public Beta is a Operating System of Apple Computers which are Developed by Apple Inc. Which is later on Updated to the version Mac OS X 10.0

The Mac OS X Public Beta was an early, test version of the Mac OS X operating system released to the public in late 2000 for USD $30. Hardcore Macintosh fans could therefore get a taste of the upcoming operating system before its final release. It was named Kodiak internally by Apple. The name was not publicly used.

The Public Beta was the first time people could use the Aqua interface. Virtually everything was new in the operating system: fonts, the Dock, even the menu bar (with an Apple logo at the centre, which was later repositioned). The icons exploded in size, and new OS eye candy was all the rage.

As it was a public beta, this version was not without its bugs and inconveniences. Apple used user feedback to improve upon the OS, so that a vastly improved Golden Master version of Mac OS X was ready for release by March 2001.

The Public Beta version came with a price tag, and a time limit (set for May 15, 2001). In spite of all these shortcomings, it was still welcomed by the Mac community, with people eager to test drive the new OS.

The Public Beta was superseded by Mac OS X 10.0.0, the first final release of Mac OS X.

Order of the Phoenix

The Order of the Phoenix is a secret organisation in the "Harry Potter" series written by J. K. Rowling. The organisation was created by Albus Dumbledore to fight Lord Voldemort and his followers, the Death Eaters, the Order lends its name from the fifth book of the "Harry Potter" series, "Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix".

The headquarters of the order is at Number Twelve, Grimmauld Place, Sirius Black's family home. Dumbledore was the Secret-Keeper for the order, meaning that only he could tell others the location of headquarters. Dumbledore's death in book six, "Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince", made the location unsafe and the headquarters was moved to The Burrow as a result.

Members of the order includes Albus Dumbledore, ex-Auror Alastor 'Mad-Eye' Moody,James and Lily Potter, Sirius Black, Remus Lupin,Frank and Alice Longbottom, and many other members.


Zorro

Zorro, Spanish for fox, is the name used by a fictional Mexican-era California masked hero and master swordsman of the Old West. 

In the stories, his real name is Don Diego De La Vega who fights for the people against the corrupt tyranny of Govenor Montero where he proves to be much too foxlike and cunning for the bumbling authorities to catch.

The first Zorro story was a 1919 novel, "The Curse of Capistrano", by Johnston McCulley. He soon becomes a regular character in pulp fiction magazines. McCulley was inspired by the story of the real bandit Salomon Pico and other real Mexican bandits who robbed Americans after the Mexican-American War. However, because his readers were Americans, McCulley had his Zorro fighting Spanish people instead of Americans.

The character has been also adapted for numerous movies, the most famous of which include:

There was one parody movie in 1981, "", which starred George Hamilton.

There were also numerous television shows with the best known one being one shown in the 1950s staring Guy Williams.

Hotel Farah

Hotel Farah is a five star hotel in Casablanca, Morocco.

The hotel was attacked during the .

In 2019, it hosted the at the .

Rattan, Oklahoma

Rattan is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Morbio

Morbio can mean:

The VeggieTales Show

The VeggieTales Show (also known simply as VeggieTales) is an American Christian live action and computer animated children's television series based on the series VeggieTales. The series is produced by TBN, NBCUniversal, Big Idea Productions and Trilogy Animation, and the series started on October 22, 2019.

Most of the characters are the same from the other VeggieTales shows. The show brings back many characters that have not been seen in a long time, such as Mr. Nezzer (owner of the show's theater), Petunia Rhubarb (as president of the "VeggieTales" fan club), Khalil (half worm, half caterpillar from ""), Bruce Onion (from "Celery Night Fever"), and Goliath (from "Dave and the Giant Pickle").


Valle di Muggio

The Valle di Muggio is located in Ticino in Switzerland and is the southernmost valley of the country.

The name comes from the village of Muggio, which is the largest population centre in the valley. Roncapiano is the highest village in the valley, where the roads end. The river Breggia runs through it, before flowing into Italy and Lake Como.

The valley comprises the municipalities of Breggia, Vacallo and Castel San Pietro.

In the village of Cabbio there is the Museo Etnografico della Valle di Muggio, which describes village life in the region.

The Valle di Muggio is known as the Valle Breggia in Italy.

Élder (footballer)

Élder, born July 19, 1976, is a former Brazilian footballer.

Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation

The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC), also known as Amdavad Municipal Corporation, is a government organization which manages the civic infrastructure and administration of the city of Ahmedabad. AMC was established in July 1950 under the Bombay Provincial Corporation Act (1949).

AMC is divided into 48 electoral division headed by a mayor which is largely ceremonial. However, the administrative head is a Municipal Commissioner, an Indian Administrative Service's officer appointed by the Government of Gujarat. 

For administrative purposes, the city was earlier divided into 5 zones — Central, East, West, North, and South. But, in 2013, an area spread across 466 sq km demarcated as New West Zone which was formerly governed by the "Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA)." In 2018, the "New West Zone" was further divided into "North West Zone" and "South West Zone".

AMC uses the Sabarmati river and Narmada canal as the two main sources of water supply for catering to the domestic and commercial demand. It also utilizes groundwater as a source for water supply.

Currently, it operates 4 major "Water Treatment Plants (WTPs)" namely Kotarpur, Raska, Dudheswar, and Jaspur. Also, there are 7 operational french wells on Sabarmati River that augment water supply to the city. After the treatment, AMC supplies water through its pipeline network to its strategically located "Water Distribution Stations (WDSs)" in 6 zones across the city.

AMC collect more than 1000 TPD "(tonnes per day)" waste from various spots existing in 6 zones by deploying 130 tractors, trucks, JCB, etc. equipments & machineries. In total, 1173 vehicles are monitored through global positioning system.
In 2017, the corporation started door-to-door e-waste collection under public-private partnership. Total 6 collection centers were open across the city to segregate e-waste.

Methyl isocyanate

Methyl isocyanate is an organic compound with the molecular formula CHNCO. It has been used in the production of rubbers and adhesives.

It is highly toxic and irritating. It was the main toxic material involved in the Bhopal disaster.

Methyl isocyanate is a colourless, poisonous and flammable liquid. It is soluble in water.

Methyl isocyanate is extremely toxic by inhalation, ingestion and contact in quantities as low as 0.4 ppm. 

Exposure symptoms include coughing, chest pain, asthma, shortness of breath and skin damage.

Lunar south pole

The lunar south pole is a place on the Moon. It has a special interest because ice seems to be inside the craters.

As the moon orbits, it keeps one face always opposite the Earth. So when the Sun shines on it, it shines obliquely on the poles. Thus it never reaches the ice inside the craters, and the water stays frozen. The same pattern might apply to the Moon's northern pole, but that has fewer craters.

Sa Re Ga Ma Pa

Sa Re Ga Ma Pa is an Indian musical reality TV show. It started airing on Zee TV in 1995 as "Sa Re Ga Ma". It is the oldest running singing reality show in India.
The first episode aired on 1 May 1995 and was hosted by Sonu Nigam. In the year 1999, the show was hosted by the Bangash brothers, Amaan Ali Bangash and Ayaan Ali Bangash, sons of legendary sarod-player Amjad Ali Khan. From 2002, Shaan started hosting the show. Till 2005, the show used to follow a format wherein experts in the field of music would judge the contestants and score them. The format changed with the advent of "Sa Re Ga Ma Pa Challenge 2005" which introduced the judges as mentors of different teams and scoring was primarily dependent on public voting. After Shaan quit hosting the show, the show was hosted by many others like Purab Kohli, Manish Paul, Karan Singh Rathore, Archana Jani, Vipul Roy, Jay Soni and even kids Dhairya Sorecha & Afsha Musani. The most prominent names to host the show in later seasons were Javed Ali and the current host Aditya Narayan.

The show has seen multiple variations over the years:

There have also been multiple regional versions in languages like Gujarati, Marathi, Bengali, Kannada, Punjabi, Tamil, and Telugu.

Amath Dansokho

Amath Dansokho (January 13, 1937 – August 23, 2019) was a Senegalese politician. He was Secretary-General of the Party of Independence and Work (PIT) for years. He was Minister of Urban Planning and Housing from 1991 to 1995 and again in 2000. He was mayor of Kédougou from 2005 through 2012.

Roaring Lion (horse)

Roaring Lion (March 11, 2015 – August 23, 2019) was an American-bred, British-trained Thoroughbred racehorse. 

He was the top-rated British-trained two-year-old of 2017. He won three races including the Royal Lodge Stakes and was only defeated narrowly in the Racing Post Trophy. 

In the following year, he won the Dante Stakes, the Eclipse Stakes, International Stakes, Irish Champion Stakes and Queen Elizabeth II Stakes. He was euthanized following horse colic in Cambridge, New Zealand on August 23, 2019 at the age of four.

Ines Torelli

Ines Torelli (née Ines Stierli, June 14, 1931 – August 23, 2019) was a Swiss comedian, radio personality, singer and actress. She was born in St. Gallen, Canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland. She was known for her roles in the television series "Fascht e Familie" and in the 1961 movie "Chikita".

Torelli died on August 23, 2019 at her home in Rose Bay, Nova Scotia, Canada at the age of 88.

Rick Loomis

Rick Loomis (August 24, 1946 – August 23, 2019) was an American game designer. He was known as the founder of game publisher Flying Buffalo. He managed the publishing company until his death. Loomis was born in Raleigh, North Carolina.

Loomis died on August 23, 2019 from lymphoma in Scottsdale, Arizona at the age of 72.

Sidney Rittenberg

Sidney Rittenberg (; August 14, 1921 – August 24, 2019) was an American journalist, educator, and Chinese linguist. He was born in Charleston, South Carolina. He lived in China from 1944 to 1980. He worked closely with Mao Zedong, Zhu De, Zhou Enlai, and other leaders of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) during the Chinese Communist Revolution.

He was imprisoned in solitary confinement, twice, for a total of 16 years. He was the first American citizen to join the CCP.

Rittenberg died on August 24, 2019 in Scottsdale, Arizona at the age of 98.


Zhu De

Zhu De ( (also Chu Teh; 1 December 1886 – 6 July 1976) was a Chinese general, warlord, politician and revolutionary. He was one of of the founders of the Communist Party of China. He was a high-ranking official of the Chinese Red Army.
He was Commander-in-Chief of the Eighth Route Army during the Second Sino-Japanese War. 

In 1955 he became one of the Ten Marshals of the People's Liberation Army. He was the chairman of the Standing Committee of the National People's Congress from 1975 to 1976. Zhu was the head of state of the People's Republic of China.

Zhu died on 6 July 1976 in Beijing at the age of 89.

Eddie Money

Edward Joseph Mahoney (March 21, 1949 – September 13, 2019), known professionally as Eddie Money, was an American singer-songwriter and multi-instrumentalist. He was popular during the 1970s and 1980s. He was born in New York City, but raised in Berkeley, California.

Money was well known for songs like "Baby Hold On", "Two Tickets to Paradise", "Maybe I'm a Fool", "Think I'm in Love", "Shakin'", "Take Me Home Tonight", "I Wanna Go Back", "Walk on Water", "The Love in Your Eyes", and "Peace in Our Time".

In August 2019, Money was diagnosed with stage 4 esophageal cancer. On September 13, 2019, he died from the cancer and from heart valve surgery-related problems at his home in Los Angeles at age 70.


Chandler, Arizona

Chandler is a city in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States. It is a suburb of Phoenix, Arizona. As of 2020, the population was 275,987 according to the United States Census Bureau.

Permadeath

Permadeath, short for permanent death, is a feature in video games where if a character dies, they will stay dead for the rest of the game. The only way be able to play dead characters would be to load the game file before the character died or to start the game all over again. 

This is a big feature in Fire Emblem games. Permadeath adds a level of challenge to the player, so the player must be very careful where they move each of their own player units. However, in every Fire Emblem game since , the player has the choice whether or not they want to play the game with permadeath.

Alaska Natives

Alaska Natives are the indigenous peoples of Alaska. They include Inupiat, Yupik, Aleut, Tlingit, Haida, Tsimshian, Eyak, and some Northern Athabaskan cultures.

Below is a full list of the different Alaska Native cultures. Within each culture are many different tribes.



Tropical Storm Bailu (2019)

Tropical Storm Bailu (Ineng) was a storm that devastated many parts of Southeastern Asia, especially Fujian. It was a storm of the 2019 Pacific typhoon season.

On August 20, a tropical depression formed to the west of Mariana Islands. On the next day, the JMA designated the system as Tropical Storm Bailu, and the JTWC classified the system as Tropical Depression 12W. Bailu gradually intensified over the Philippine Sea. At 13:00 TST (05:00 UTC) on August 24, Bailu made landfall over Manzhou Township, Pingtung County, Taiwan.

Though Bailu didn't made landfall in the Philippines, two people were killed in Ilocos Norte, and left Php1.1 billion (US$21 million) damage in the province. 

Bailu also killed one person, and injured nine others in Taiwan. Institutional damage were calculated to be TWD 2.31 million (US$74,000), while agricultural damage reached TWD 87.9 million (US$2.83 million). 

Damage in Fujian reached ¥10.49 million (US$1.5 million).

Massimo Mattioli

Massimo Mattioli (25 September 1943 – 23 August 2019) was an Italian artist and cartoonist. He was born in Rome.

Mattioli began his career in 1965. He was also published in "Corto Maltese" and "Frigidaire". In 1973 he began his works with "Il Giornalino", creating the character "Pinky".

In 1977, he created the underground magazine "Cannibale". In 1978, "Cannibale" published the first adventure of Joe Galaxy. In 1982, he created the "Squeak the Mouse" series. His works helped inspire "The Simpsons" creator Matt Groening.

Mattioli died on 23 August 2019 in Rome after a short-illness at the age of 75.


Pita Paraone

Rewiti Pomare Kingi "Pita" Paraone (30 November 1945 – 26 August 2019) was a New Zealand politician. He was Chairman of the Waitangi National Trust Board. He was a member of the New Zealand First party. Paraone was a member of the New Zealand Parliament from 2002 to 2008 and again from 2014 through 2017. Paraone was born in Kawakawa, New Zealand.

Paraone died on 26 August 2019 at a hospital in Auckland from heart surgery-related problems at the age of 73.


Jafar Umar Thalib

Jafar Umar Thalib (; ; ; December 29, 1961 – August 25, 2019) was an Indonesian Muslim figure. He was the founder and the head of Laskar Jihad, an Islamic organization in Indonesia.

Thalib died of a heart attack in Jakarta on August 25, 2019 at the age of 57.


Anne Grete Preus

Anne Grete Preus (22 May 1957 – 25 August 2019) was a Norwegian rock singer and musician. She was born in Haugesund, Norway. She was popular in the 1980s and 1990s. She was a member of the bands Veslefrikk and Can Can, and later as a solo artist. She released nine solo albums, and won the Spellemannprisen and other awards multiple times.

In 2007, Preus was diagnosed with liver cancer. In February 2019, she was diagnosed with kidney cancer. Preus died from the diseases in Oslo on 25 August 2019 at the age of 62.

Timothy Bell, Baron Bell

Timothy John Leigh Bell, Baron Bell (18 October 1941 – 25 August 2019), was a British advertising and public relations executive. He was best known for his role as an adviser in Margaret Thatcher's three successful general election campaigns. He was also known for co-founding and 30 years of heading Bell Pottinger.

He had exposed himself while masturbating at his Hampstead bathroom window on 21 October in full view of female passers-by. He was later convicted as a sex offender.

Bell died on 25 August 2019 at the age of 77.



Joe Walsh 2020 presidential campaign

On August 25, 2019, former U.S. representative Joe Walsh officially announced he would be running for president, challenging incumbent Donald Trump, as well as former Massachusetts governor Bill Weld.

Walsh stated that Trump's behavior in office motivated him to declare his candidacy.

On February 7, 2020, Walsh ended his campaign after the Iowa caucuses.


Joseph Walsh

Joseph Walsh or Joe Walsh name may refer to:




Max Abramson

Albert "Max" Abramson (born April 29, 1976) is an American politician. He is a Libertarian member of the New Hampshire House of Representatives, representing Rockingham District 20 since 2018. He represented the district before between 2014 and 2016.

In July 2019, Abramson announced his campaign for the Libertarian presidential nomination in the 2020 election. He ended his campaign on March 3, 2020.


Kent, Washington

Kent is a city in King County, Washington, United States. It is the sixth largest city in the state. Kent part of the Seattle–Tacoma metropolitan area. It is located 19 miles south of Seattle and 19 miles northeast of Tacoma. 

Kent's population as of April 2010 was 92,411 according to the 2010 census.

Vince Naimoli

Vincent James Naimoli (September 16, 1937 – August 25, 2019) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was known as the first owner of the Major League Baseball team, the Tampa Bay Devil Rays. He was born in Paterson, New Jersey.

Naimoli was diagnosed with progressive supranuclear palsy in 2014. He died from problems caused by the disease on August 25, 2019 in St. Petersburg, Florida at the age of 81.


Downers Grove, Illinois

Downers Grove is a village in DuPage County, Illinois, United States. It was founded in 1832 by Pierce Downer. It is a southwestern suburb of Chicago. As of the 2020 census, there were 50,247 people residing in the village.

George Bruns

George Edward Bruns (July 3, 1914 - May 23, 1983) was an American composer and conductor.

Bruns was born in Sandy, Oregon to Edward Bruns and Augusta Weyer. His father is German and his mother is Russian Jewish.

Bruns stated composers like Alfred Newman, Oliver Wallace, Frank Churchill, Leigh Harline, Paul Smith, Carl W. Stalling, Franz Waxman, Miklós Róza, Raymond Scott, Erich Wolfgang Korngold, Bernard Herrmann, Alex North, Dimitri Tiomkin and Henry Mancini as influences.

Foot odor

Foot odor (or foot odour) is a type of body odor that affects the feet of humans. Some people think it is an unpleasant smell. Others may enjoy it when they have a foot fetish or olfactophilia (being attracted to certain smells). A 1994 study found that 45% of people with a foot fetish were also aroused by smelly socks and/or feet.

The main cause of foot odor is foot sweat. Sweat itself does not smell a lot, but some bacteria can grow better in a sweaty environment, which then cause the odor. These bacteria are normally on our skin and are not harmful. 

The front part of the foot produces the most sweat. 

Sweating on the feet can be increased by wearing closed shoes or boots. Especially thick materials such as leather or rubber will hold the sweat in them and can increase the odor intensity. Certain types of socks can also make the smell stronger.

The quality (aroma) of foot odor is often described as thick and smelling like cheese. This is because some of the bacteria that create foot odor (like "Brevibacteria") are also used in the production of cheese. They produce the chemical "3-Methylbutanoic acid," which is a main part that is responsible for the odor. This chemical is also often used to make perfumes.

Because of acids in the foot sweat, the odor may also be sour, similar to that of vinegar.

Other things that can influence foot smell are the type of socks and shoes a person wears, how long they are worn at a time, and many individual factors, for example if the person does a lot of sports or other physical activities. Because men sweat more than women, they generally have smellier feet.

The best method for preventing food odor is to maintain a good foot hygiene. Regular cleaning of the feet removes dead skin cells from the feet, along with sebum (a type of body oil). This reduces the opportunities for bacteria to cause smelly feet. By regularly cleaning feet properly, feet will not have a strong foot odor. A foot file or pumice stone can be used to remove dead skin cells.

Tom Jordan (baseball)

Thomas Jefferson Jordan (September 5, 1919 – August 26, 2019) was an American professional baseball player. He appeared in 39 major league games over three seasons for the Chicago White Sox (1944; 1946), Cleveland Indians (1946), and the St. Louis Browns (1948).

Jordan died at his home in Roswell, New Mexico on August 26, 2019 from heart attack-related problems, aged 99.


Val Heim

Val Raymond Heim (November 4, 1920 – November 21, 2019) was a left fielder. He played in Major League Baseball during the 1942 season with the Chicago White Sox. He was , 170 lbs. He batted left-handed and threw right-handed.

Heim died at his childhood home in Superior, Nebraska on November 21, 2019 at the age of 99.

Plymouth, Wisconsin

Plymouth is a city in Sheboygan County, Wisconsin, along the Mullet River. The city is located in the Town of Plymouth, but is politically independent. 

Plymouth is known as "Hub City" because it is a former regional center of wooden wheelwrighting. 

The population was 8,445 at the 2010 census. Mayor Don Pohlman was last reelected in April 2014.

Ferdinand Piëch

Ferdinand Karl Piëch (; 17 April 1937 – 25 August 2019) was an Austrian businessman, engineer and executive. He was the chairman of the executive board ("Vorstandsvorsitzender") of Volkswagen Group in 1993 through 2002 and the chairman of the supervisory board ("Aufsichtsratsvorsitzender") of Volkswagen Group in 2002 through 2015.

Jerry Rook

Jerry G. Rook (October 27, 1943 – August 25, 2019) was an American basketball player. He was best known for his success at Arkansas State University. He was born in Jonesboro, Arkansas. He played for the Arkansas State Red Wolves and the New Orleans Buccaneers.

Rook died on August 25, 2019 in Jonesboro after a long-illness at the age of 75.

Pal Benko

Pal Benko (; July 15, 1928 – August 26, 2019) was a French-born Hungarian–American chess grandmaster.

Benko's highest achievement was qualifying and competing in the Candidates Tournament—the tournament to decide the challenger for the World Championship—in 1959 and 1962. He finished eighth in 1959 and sixth in 1962. 

Isabel Toledo

Isabel Toledo (born Maria Isabel Izquierdo; April 9, 1960 – August 26, 2019) was a Cuban-American fashion designer based in New York City. She was born in Camajuaní, Cuba. Her career was based in New York City. She was known for designing Michelle Obama's first inaugural dress.

Toledo died at a Manhattan hospital on August 26, 2019 from breast cancer at the age of 59.

Inauguration of Gerald Ford

The inauguration of Gerald Ford as the 38th president of the United States was held on Friday, August 9, 1974, in the East Room of the White House in Washington, D.C., following the resignation of President Richard Nixon. 

The inauguration marked the commencement of Gerald Ford's only term (a partial term of ) as President. 

Chief Justice Warren Burger administered the oath of office. Ford was the ninth vice president to replace an incumbent president and the most recent to do so.

David Davis (Supreme Court justice)

David Davis (March 9, 1815 – June 26, 1886) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the United States Senator from Illinois and Associate Justice of the Supreme Court. He also was Abraham Lincoln's campaign manager at the 1860 Republican National Convention. 


John Yarmuth

John Allan Yarmuth (born November 4, 1947) is an American politician. He was the U.S. Representative for from 2007 to 2023. He was the only Democratic member of Kentucky's congressional delegation. 

In August 2019, Yarmuth endorsed Bernie Sanders's 2020 presidential campaign. 

On October 12, 2021, Yarmuth announced that he would not seek re-election in 2022.

Gavin Watson

Gavin Joseph Watson (12 July 1948 – 26 August 2019) was a South African businessman. He was Chief Executive Officer of State Capture-implicated company, African Global Operations, previously known as Bosasa, from 2000 until his death in 2019.

Watson died in a car accident on 26 August 2019, near O. R. Tambo International Airport in Johannesburg at the age of 71.

Linda Taylor

Linda Taylor (born Martha Louise White; c. January 1926 – April 18, 2002) was an American criminal. She committed welfare fraud and, after an article in the "Chicago Tribune" in fall 1974, became known as the "welfare queen". 

Her activities were used by Ronald Reagan, from his 1976 presidential campaign onwards, to defend his criticisms of social programs in the United States. 

Her criminal activities are believed to have extended beyond welfare fraud and may have included assault, theft, insurance fraud, bigamy, the abduction and sale of children, and possibly even murder.

Social programs in the United States

Social programs in the United States are welfare subsidies designed to help the overall American population receive basic needs such as food, housing and healthcare.

Federal and state welfare programs include money assistance, healthcare and medical needs, food assistance, housing subsidies, energy and utilities subsidies, education and childcare assistance, and subsidies and assistance for other basic services. 

Welfare queen

"Welfare queen" is a slur used in the United States to call women who allegedly misuse or collect excessive welfare payments through fraud, child endangerment, or manipulation. 

Reporting on welfare fraud began during the early 1960s, appearing in general-interest magazines such as "Readers Digest". The term "welfare queen" originates from media reporting in 1974 and again when Ronald Reagan used the term to describe Linda Taylor during his 1976 campaign.

Pejorative

A pejorative (also called a derogatory term, a slur, a term of disparagement) is a word or grammatical form of expressing a negative term of someone or something, showing a lack of respect for someone or something.

It is also used to express criticism, hostility, or disregard.

Sometimes, a term is seen as pejorative in some social or ethnic groups but not in others, or may be originally pejorative and eventually be adopted in a non-pejorative sense.


Welfare fraud

Welfare fraud is the act of illegally using state welfare systems by knowingly withholding or giving information to have more funds than would otherwise be given. Finding reliable evidence of welfare fraud is notoriously difficult.

Lil Nas X

Montero Lamar Hill (born April 9, 1999), known by his stage name Lil Nas X ( ), is an American rapper and singer. He came to international attention for his country rap single "Old Town Road", which first achieved viral popularity on the micro-platform video sharing app TikTok in early 2019, and was Diamond Certified by November the same year. The song reached number one on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and remained there for nineteen weeks, the longest for any song since the chart debuted in 1958. In June 2019, Nas X came out as gay, the only artist ever to have done so while having a number-one record. "Old Town Road" earned him two MTV Video Music Awards including Song of the Year and the American Music Award for Favorite Rap/Hip Hop Song. Nas X is the only openly LGBTQ artist to win a Country Music Association award. He won two Grammy Awards for Best Music Video and Best Pop Duo/Group Performance, along with being nominated six others, the most for any male in 2019. "TIME" named him to their inaugural "TIME" 100 Next list.

His debut EP, "7", was released in June 2019 with its second single, "Panini", peaking at number five on the Hot 100 and three on "Rolling Stone"'s Top 100. Its third single "Rodeo" with Cardi B, peaked at number nine on the "Rolling Stone" Top 100. , his songs have been streamed over 2.3 billion times.


Old Town Road

"Old Town Road" is a song by American recording artist Lil Nas X. It was originally released independently on December 3, 2018. The song later gained popularity on the social video sharing app TikTok.

"Old Town Road" has been officially remixed four times, featuring a different array of guest artists including Billy Ray Cyrus, Diplo, Young Thug, Mason Ramsey and RM.

In March 2019, the song reached number 19 on the "Billboard" Hot Country Songs chart before the magazine disqualified it. The song was not re-entered onto the overall country charts. However, both the original version of the song and the remix featuring Cyrus eventually peaked at number one on the Billboard Hot 100 for a record-break of nineteen continuous weeks. 

The song was the first number one song on the "Rolling Stone" Top 100 chart. 

First inauguration of Calvin Coolidge

The first inauguration of Calvin Coolidge as the 30th president of the United States was held on Friday, August 3, 1923 at the Coolidge Homestead in Plymouth Notch, Vermont, following the death of President Warren G. Harding. 

The inauguration marked the beginning of the first term (a partial term of ) of Calvin Coolidge as President. The presidential oath of office was administered to the new president by his father, John Calvin Coolidge Sr..

John Calvin Coolidge Sr.

John Calvin Coolidge Sr. (March 31, 1845 – March 18, 1926) was an American politician and businessman. He was the father of J. Calvin Coolidge Jr., the 30th President of the United States.

He administered the presidential oath of office to his son at their family homestead on the early morning of August 3, 1923, following the death of President Warren G. Harding.

Michael Buffer

Michael Buffer (born November 2, 1944) is an American ring announcer for boxing and professional wrestling matches. He is known for his trademarked catchphrase, "Let's get ready to rumble!". He is also known for creating the announcing style in which he rolls certain letters and adds other emphasis to a fighter's name.

, the catchphrase has generated $400 million in revenue from licensing the trademark.

In 2008, Buffer was treated for throat cancer.


Good Boys (movie)

Good Boys is a 2019 American adventure comedy movie directed by Gene Stupnitsky and written by Stupnitsky and Lee Eisenberg. The movie stars Jacob Tremblay, Keith Williams, and Brady Noon. Seth Rogen and Evan Goldberg serve as producers.

The movie was released on August 16, 2019, by Universal Pictures. The movie received generally positive reviews from critics with an 78% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie was shot in Vancouver.

Identity Property

In math, the identity property is made up of two parts: the "additive identity property" and the "multiplicative identity property".

The additive identity property says that the sum of adding any number and zero (0) is just the original number. For that reason, zero is often called the additive identity of common numbers.

The multiplicative identity property says that the product of multiplying any number and one (1) is just the original number. Also, if you divide a number by itself, the result (quotient) is one. For that reason, one is often called the multiplicative identity of common numbers.


Java ME

Java ME (Java Platform Micro Edition) is a Linux-based platform designed for running dedicated applets. For example, your smart TV might run Java ME, your car's media player might run Java ME. it is also compatible with the internet of things.

Montiaceae

A segregated family, formerly in the family Portulacaceae.


Sensational spelling

Sensational spelling is when a word is spelled wrong on purpose. This may be done for creativity, advertising, or humor.

These are many brands with sensational spelling, including Krispy Kreme Doughnuts (which should be spelled "crispy cream"), Froot Loops (fruit loops), Mortal Kombat (mortal combat) and Hasbro's Playskool (playschool). It can also happen with common nouns, such as drive-thru (drive through), blu-ray (blue ray) "lite" items (light).

Some websites on the internet also gain fame from sensational spelling, such as Google, flickr, Tumblr.

New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe

New Super Mario Bros. U Deluxe is a 2019 Nintendo Switch side-scrolling platform game released on January 11, 2019. It was announced at the Nintendo Direct on September 13, 2018. It is the latest game in the "New Super Mario Bros." series and the follow-up to the 2012 Wii U launch title "New Super Mario Bros. U" and its 2013 extension pack "New Super Luigi U" (also released on Wii U). The game adds two new playable characters, Nabbit and Toadette. A power-up called "Super Crown" is a power-up for Toadette, which causes her to transform into a character that resembles Princess Peach, Peachette. As Peachette, she can float like Princess Peach in Super Mario, double jump like Daisy, and recover if she falls in a pit or lava.

André Mignot Hospital

The Hôpital André-Mignot is a hospital in France. It is in the commune of Le Chesnay, close to Paris. It was created in 1981.
It is a partner of the Université de Versailles Saint-Quentin-en-Yvelines.


Northampton, Massachusetts

The city of Northampton is the county seat of Hampshire County, Massachusetts, United States. As of the 2020 census, the population of Northampton was 29,571.

Yoshihide Kozai

Yoshihide Kozai (1 April 1928 – 5 February 2018) was a Japanese astronomer. He worked in celestial mechanics. He was best known for discovering the Kozai mechanism, for which he received the Imperial Prize of the Japan Academy in 1979.

From 1988 to 1991, he was the president of the International Astronomical Union.

In 2009, he won the Decoration of Cultural Merit from the Japanese government.

Kozai died on 5 February 2018 in Tokyo from liver failure, aged 89.

Minister of Home Affairs (India)

The Minister of Home Affairs (or simply, the Home Minister) is the head of the Ministry of Home Affairs of the Government of India.


Iñigo Manterola Ondarra

Iñigo Manterola Ondarra (born 1973 in Orlo) is a Spanish painter and Basque sculptor.

Iñigo Manterola was born in Orio in 1973. He was born in a familiar core of sailor tradition. Since he was little showed a lot of interest by the drawing and the painting. When he had only 8 years old, his teacher spoke with his mother and aimed him to extracurricular classes of painting. Because of this passion by the art , Iñigo starts his studies of painting in the Faculty of Fine arts in Bilbao between 1993 and 1998, licensing in the speciality of painting.

After finishing his studies, Iñigo made diverse workshops between which stand out, on the one hand the workshop of MASTER painting OF THE FIGURACIÓN, together with Antonio López García and Juan José Aquerreta , in the School of Architecture of Pamplona in 2006. On the other hand, the workshop TEXTURES, given by the Australian artist David Kelly with reason o the exhibition AUSTRALIS in the room Kubokutxa of Donostia- San Sebastián in 2010.

Besides, we can stand out a lot of projects during his artistic path, as well as "Way between two waters", of the figuración to the abstraction ,in 2005, multidisciplinary exhibition that presented to the Gallery ISPILU of Zarautz as in Madrid in the gallery JOVENART. In 2007 Animated Paintings, a seasickness in the Bay of Biscay, in the gallery 3And of Bilbao. In the year 2011 made a project beside the artist Gorka Larrañaga, Txantxareatzen  that consisted in making a plastic exercise between both with his back exhibition in the gallery THE HOUSE in Mexico D.F. In the year 2016, made RTRAZO, X-ray of a gesture agonizante, in the room POLVORÍN of the Citadel of Pamplona, that later travelled to the gallery ENELESTUDIO of San Sebastián.

If there is something that stand out in the path of Iñigo is his constant and vital evolution. The need to go burning stages and to present new proposals is tangible. After devoting him 15 years exclusively to the painting, began to incorporate in his projects another type of disciplines like the sculpture, the photography and the installation, with spirit to go growing in his work.

Iñigo has been able to expose more than 50 individual exhibitions and 20 collective ,in cities like San Sebastián , Vitoria, Pamplona, Bilbao, Valencia, Seville, Madrid, Barcelona, Biarritz, Mexico D.F , Port wine, Abu Dabi etc., in all has been able to see his evolution. Recently, Iñigo has incorporated the resin to make his pieces and also the dibond like support in his paintings, specifically in the series Rtrazo.

Besides, on 21 June of the 2019, Iñigo inaugurated his new study in Zarautz.

As Iñigo was born in a family of sailor tradition, his thematic shows prompt to the balcony of the pesqueros of bajura, the arrantzales and the bustle of the port. And it has not changed until today, I save in his exercises, that submerge it by a time in the language no figurativo. Also Manterola has worked the sculpture, converting each piece in an only piece using different materials so much the iron , steel cut ,copper , iron galvanised , nylon, stainless steel, resin or iron painted.

Another of the appearances to stand out of Manterola is that it believes in the synergies and in the collaborations with other artists and disciplines. It says that it exists a mutual enrichment in all maridaje. Proof of this are the exercises with artists like Gorka Larrañaga and Samuel Dougados, the project "UNYON" beside Ivory Jewellers and, more recently, the collaboration with the chef French , that has 3 stars Michelin, for the one who has designed the servilleteros of his restaurant of Paris and where in each table luce one of his sculptures. 



Tudor architecture

The Tudor architectural style is a mediaeval architectural style in England during the Tudor period (14851603). 

Tudor House, Chester is a good example of a wealthy merchant's house. Tudor House is constructed in sandstone, in brick, and in timber framing with plaster panels. It is roofed in slate. It has four storeys plus a cellar. It is a grade II* listed building on the National Heritage List for England.

Lawrence Municipal Airport

Lawrence Municipal Airport is an airport three miles north of Lawrence, in Douglas County, Kansas. It is used for general aviation. It was dedicated on October 14, 1929. It has more than 120 flights every day.

The airport covers at an elevation of 833 feet (254 m). Runway 15/33 is 5,700 by 100 feet (1,737 x 30 m) asphalt and 1/19 is 3,901 by 75 feet (1,189 x 23 m) concrete.

In 2008, the airport had 32,700 aircraft operations, average 89 per day: 93% general aviation, 6% air taxi and <1% military. 56 aircraft were then based at the airport: 91% single-engine, 5% multi-engine, 2% jet and 2% helicopter.

In July 2019, Lawrence allowed a $2.1 million construction project to begin. The project is supposed to be completed by the end of 2019. It will include a 23,000 square foot hangar and an office. It is designed in order to get more private planes to use the airport.


Watkins Community Museum

The Watkins Museum of History (Officially the Elizabeth M. Watkins Community Museum or the Watkins Community Museum) is a museum in Lawrence, Kansas. It is managed by the Douglas County Historical Society. It has programs and public events. It also has educational resources and activities. It has exhibits about the history of Douglas County.

In 1888, the Watkins National Bank opened at 11th Street and Massachusetts Street. Jabez B. Watkins created it. It would stay until 1929. The building was given to the city to become the city hall. In 1970, Lawrence built a new city hall, so the building became a museum. The Watkins Community Museum opened in 1975.


Talos

In Greek mythology, Talos was a giant bronze man. He guarded the island of Crete by throwing stones at the ships of unwanted visitors. He was given life by the Greek god Hephaestus. He was given to either Minos or Europa as a gift.

New Fairfield

New Fairfield is a town in Fairfield County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 13,579 at the 2020 census. New Fairfield is one of five towns that surround Candlewood Lake, the largest lake in Connecticut.


Raigad Fort

Raigad Fort is a hill fort in the Mahad, Raigad district of Maharashtra, India. The Raigad Fort was seized by and made it his capital in 1674 when he was crowned as the King of a Maratha Kingdom which later developed into the Maratha Empire, eventually covering much of western and central India.

Robert J. Walker

Robert John Walker (July 19, 1801November 11, 1869) was an American lawyer, economist and politician. He was in the Democratic Party. He was a senator from Mississippi from 1835 until 1845. He was the Secretary of the Treasury from 1845 to 1849 under President James K. Polk. He was the Territorial Governor of Kansas in 1857.

President Polk asked Walker to become U.S. Secretary of the Treasury. Walker was the Treasury Secretary during all of Polk's presidency (from March 8, 1845 until March 5, 1849).

As Treasury Secretary, Walker was responsible for financing the Mexican–American War. However, he did not do a very good job.

In 1853, President Franklin Pierce asked Walker if he wanted to be the United States Minister to China, but Walker said no.

He was chosen to be governor of Kansas Territory on May 27, 1857 by President James Buchanan. However, he quit in December 1857. He quit because of he didn't agree with the Lecompton Constitution. In a to Secretary of State Lewis Cass dated December 15, 1857, he said his reasons for quitting was because clear voting fraud and improper political pressure from Franklin Pierce's administration.

Walker died in Washington D.C. on November 11, 1869. He is buried at Washington's Oak Hill cemetery. His son-in-law Benjamin H. Brewster became Attorney General under Chester A. Arthur. Many of his papers are held by the University of Pittsburgh. The University has put them online them.


Lecompton Constitution

The Lecompton Constitution (1857) was one of four proposed constitutions for the state of Kansas. It was written by pro-slavery people. It included parts to allow slavery in the state. It also had parts to not include free blacks from its bill of rights. It was defeated on January 4, 1858 by a majority of voters in the Kansas Territory. The rejection of the Lecompton Constitution, and the admission of Kansas to the Union as a free state, showed the unusual and fraudulent voting practices. These practices had been used in earlier efforts by bushwhackers and border ruffians to create a state constitution in Kansas that allowed slavery.

The Topeka Constitution was written before the Lecompton Constitution. The Leavenworth and Wyandotte Constitutions were written after the Lecompton Constitution. The Wyandotte Consitution became the Kansas state constitution. The document was written in response to the anti-slavery 1855 Topeka Constitution. That constitution was written by James H. Lane and other free-state people. The territorial legislature was filled mostly with slave owners. They met at the chosen capital of Lecompton in September 1857. They met there to write a document that would compete against the other constitutions. Most actual settlers were anti-slavery. They [boycott]ed the vote. Territorial governor of Kansas, Robert J. Walker, was very pro-slavery. However, he was against the obvious unfairness of the Constitution. He quit being governor so he did not have to enforce it.

President James Buchanan was very pro-slavery, so he supported the Lecompton Constitution when it was sent to Congress. The president received the support of the Southern Democrats. However, many Northern Democrats, led by Stephen A. Douglas, voted with the Republicans to be against the constitution.


Dalmatian language

Dalmatian was a Romance language, which was spoken in Dalmatia, on the Eastern Adriatic Sea. The language became extinct in the Middle Ages. In places it was used until the 18th or 19th century. Today, few sources are left. Only the dialect of Veglia (Krk) and Ragusa (Dubrovnik) have enough sources so they can be studied. From the other dialects, there are only isloate words, or short phrases. 

In 1897, the scholar Matteo Bartoli, himself a native of nearby Istria, visited postman Tuone Udaina (), nicknamed "burbur" ('barber' in Dalmatian) the last known speaker of any Dalmatian dialect, to study his language. Bartoli wrote down approximately 2,800 words, stories, and accounts of his life, which were published in a book in German ("") in 1906. That book has provided much information on the vocabulary, phonology, and grammar of the language. 

One year after the interview, on 10 June 1898, Tuone Udaina was accidentally killed at 74 in a roadwork explosion.

Arhat

An arhat is a type of enlightened person in Buddhism. They have achieved enlightenment by following the teachings of a Buddha. Many of the Buddha's disciples became arhats. 

The importance of the arhat is different depending on the Buddhist school. 

The aim of becoming an arhat is to seek perfect calm and understanding in one's mind. 

"Arhat" is a Sanskrit word. It means "someone who deserves to be to honored."

The ultimate goal in Theravada Buddhism is to become an arhat. Someone who becomes an arhat is the same as someone who attains enlightenment. The Buddha is also sometimes called an "arhat."

In Mahayana Buddhism, bodhisattvas are seen as better than arhats. A bodhisattva will eventually become a Buddha, who can teach all living beings. An arhat can teach too, but only achieves enlightenment for him or herself.


Nāga

A naga is a type of deity in Hinduism, Buddhism and Jainism. 
They are snake gods that live in the ocean and underground in an underworld called "Patala." They can sometimes appear in human form. There are three main forms:
A female naga is called a "nagi" or "nagini". A "nagaraja" is a king of the nagas. They are common in Indian mythology and play an important role in many religious traditions.

"Naga" (नाग; nāga) is a Sanskrit word that means "cobra." The word is sometimes also used to refer to any kind of snake.

Nagas are very common in Hindu mythology and art. They are described as a proud and powerful race of semi-divine beings that can take on many forms. They live in an enchanted underworld filled with jewels, gold and other treasures. This world is called “Naga-loka” or “Patala-loka”. The nagas are guardians of treasure and keepers of magic. They are often seen in bodies of water such as lakes and oceans. 

Their power and venom is potentially dangerous to humans. However, many nagas are benevolent, such as in the story called Samudra manthan, where the Nagaraja Vasuki who lays on Shiva's neck becomes a rope used by the gods and asuras for churning the Ocean of Milk. 

The nagas’ eternal enemies are the garudas, a bird-like deity.
Vishnu is often portrayed resting under Shesha’s hood or laying on Shesha, but this symbolism can be found among other deities too. The serpent is commonly seen in art featuring Ganesha. 

Nagas are a common deity in Buddhism. They usually appear in the form of a giant cobra, with one head or many heads. Sometimes nagas will use their magic powers to transform into human form. They are often called "dragons" in English and are understood across Asia as being the same as dragons. It is believed that nagas live both underground in their own world and in the world of humans. Some live in the earth in places like caves and caverns while others live in water such as oceans and lakes.

The nagas are the followers of Virupaksha one of the Four Heavenly Kings. They are also guardians on Mount Sumeru and protect the devas of Trayastrimsha heaven from the asuras.

There is a story of a naga who appeared in human form so that he could become a Buddhist monk. The Buddha told him that only humans were allowed to become monks. The naga took the five precepts so that he could be reborn as a human in a future life.

There is also an episode in the "Lotus Sutra" where the eight year old daughter of the dragon king transforms into a male bodhisattva and then becomes enlightened. This story may be a reference to the idea that a person must have a male body in order to become a Buddha.

One popular naga in Buddhism is Mucalinda, who is a Naga King and protector of the Buddha. In the Vinaya Sutra, King Mucalinda uses his hood and seven heads to shelter the Buddha from a storm. Then the king takes the form of a young Brahmin and worships the Buddha.

According to tradition, Nāgārjuna was given the Prajñapāramita sutras by nagas who were guarding them after the Buddha left the world.

Dhritarashtra

Dhritarashtra (Sanskrit: धृतराष्ट्र, "Dhṛtarāṣṭra") or Dhatarattha (Pali: धतरट्ठ "Dhataraṭṭha") is one of the Four Heavenly Kings and an important person in Buddhism. 
The name Dhṛtarāṣṭra comes from two Sanskrit words: "dhṛta" (possessing; bearing) and "rāṣṭra" (kingdom; territory).

Dhṛtarāṣṭra is the guardian god of the East. He lives on the eastern part of Mount Sumeru. He is leader of the gandharvas and the pishacas.

He is often shown in art playing a stringed instrument.

In the Pāli writings of the Theravada Buddhist tradition, Dhṛtarāṣṭra is called "Dhataraṭṭha". Dhataraṭṭha is one of the Four Great Kings, each one of which rules over a direction. Vessavaṇa's direction is the eastern quarter of the world. 

He has many sons called "Indra." He also has a daughter named "Sirī".

In Japan, Jikokuten (持国天) is often shown wearing a suit of armor. He usually holds a sword and a trident while standing on top of a demon called a "jaki".


Bobby Dillon

Bobby Dan Dillon (February 23, 1930 – August 22, 2019) was an American football defensive back. He played for the Green Bay Packers from 1952 through 1959. Dillon was born in Temple, Texas. In 2011, the Professional Football Researchers Association named Dillon to the PRFA Hall of Very Good Class of 2011.

Dillon died on August 22, 2019 in Temple at the age of 89.


Lodewijk Woltjer

Lodewijk Woltjer (26 April 1930 – 25 August 2019) was an Austrian astronomer and editor. He was born in Noordwijk, Netherlands.

From 1964 to 1974 he was Rutherford Professor of Astronomy and Chair of the Astronomy Department at Columbia University in New York. From 1975 to 1987, he was Director General of the European Southern Observatory (ESO). In 1994–1997 he was President of the International Astronomical Union. 

He was the first Editor-in-Chief of "The Astronomy and Astrophysics Review" in 1989 and also the Editor of "the Astronomical Journal" in 1967 to 1974.

Woltjer died on 25 August 2019 in Geneva at the age of 89.


Fernanda Young

Fernanda Maria Young de Carvalho Machado (née Leite Young; 1 May 1970 – 25 August 2019), commonly known as Fernanda Young, was a Brazilian writer, screenwriter, television presenter, model and actress. She was born in Niterói, Rio de Janeiro. She was known for starring and creating "Os Normais" and "Como Aproveitar o Fim do Mundo". 

Young died at a hospital in Paraisópolis, Minas Gerais from cardiopulmonary arrest caused by asthma at the age of 49.


Christian Bonaud

Yahya Christian Bonaud (1957 – 26 August 2019), also known as Yaḥyā ʿAlawī (or Yaḥyā Bonaud) was a French Islamologist, philosopher, writer and translator. He was a commentator of the Qur'an in French, and a professor at the Jāmī Theological Center at Al-Mustafa International University in Iran. He was born in Freiburg im Breisgau, Germany. 

Bonaud drowned after being involved in a boat crash on 26 August 2019 in Abidjan, Ivory Coast at the age of 62.

Neal Casal

Neal Casal (November 2, 1968 – August 26, 2019) was an American rock guitarist, singer-songwriter and photographer. Casal was born in Denville, New Jersey.

He was known as the guitarist for Rickey Medlocke's Blackfoot from 1988 to 1993 and as a member of Ryan Adams' backing band the Cardinals from 2005 until 2009. He played in several groups, including the Chris Robinson Brotherhood, Hard Working Americans, The Skiffle Players, GospelbeacH and Circles Around the Sun – and released twelve albums as a solo artist.

Casal killed himself on August 26, 2019 at the age of 50.


Hurricane Dorian

Hurricane Dorian was a tragic 2019 tropical cyclone. The storm hit the British and United States Virgin Islands and nearly hit Puerto Rico. It was the fourth named storm, second hurricane, first major hurricane, and a first Category 5 hurricane of the 2019 Atlantic hurricane season.

On August 30, Dorian became a first major hurricane of the season, and then became a Category 4 hurricane from a Category 2 in 9 hours. Dorian later became a Category 5 hurricane, making 2019 the fourth consecutive season to feature at least one Category 5 hurricane (Matthew in 2016, Irma and Maria in 2017, and Michael in 2018). The storm was the second most-intense storm to strike anywhere in the Atlantic basin.

Dorian struck the north western Bahamas with 185 mph sustained winds and heavy flooding. This was the most powerful tropical cyclone on the record to hit the Bahamas, and is regarded as the worst natural disaster in the country's history.

The cyclone brushed eastern Florida and Georgia. The storm was also expected to move over northeastern South Carolina, eastern North Carolina and south eastern Virginia. After that, it transitioned into a category 2 extratropical storm and hit Nova Scotia and Newfoundland.

Tropical cyclone warnings and watches were put up for areas from the Leeward Islands to Hispaniola. Similar warnings were put up from Florida to Delaware.

Colin Clark (soccer)

Colin Clark (April 11, 1984 – August 26, 2019) was an American soccer player. He was born in Fort Collins, Colorado. Clark played for men's national soccer team in 2009. From 2006 through 2010, he played for the Colorado Rapids and for the Houston Dynamo from 2010 through 2012.

On August 26, 2019, Clark died after suffering a heart attack; he was 35 years old.

Colin Clark

Colin Clark may refer to:


Colin Clark (economist)

Colin Grant Clark (2 November 1905 – 4 September 1989) was a British-Australian economist and statistician. He worked in both the United Kingdom and Australia. He created the use of gross national product (GNP) as the basis for studying national economies. He was on the Council of the Econometric Society from 1948 to 1952.


Albert Vickers Bryan Jr.

Albert Vickers Bryan Jr. (November 8, 1926 – August 27, 2019) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Virginia from July 1971 through December 1991. Bryan Jr. was born in Alexandria, Virginia. He was nominated by President Richard Nixon.

Bryan Jr. died of pneumonia in Alexandria on August 27, 2019 at the age of 92.


Jessi Combs

Jessica Combs (July 27, 1980 – August 27, 2019) was an American professional racer, television personality, and metal fabricator. She was known as "the fastest woman on four wheels". 

She co-hosted the Spike TV show "Xtreme 4x4" for more than 90 episodes from 2005 to 2009. Other television shows she appeared on included "Overhaulin'", "Mythbusters", "The List: 1001 Car Things To Do Before You Die", "All Girls Garage", and Science Channel's "How to Build... Everything" in 2016. 

Combs was killed during a land speed record attempt as part of the North American Eagle Project on August 27, 2019, in the Alvord Desert, Oregon at the age of 39.

Donnie Fritts

Donald Ray Fritts (November 8, 1942 – August 27, 2019) was an American session musician and songwriter. In 2008, he was added into the Alabama Music Hall of Fame. He was known for working with Kris Kristofferson.

Working closely with Rick Hall, Billy Sherrill, Dan Penn, Arthur Alexander, David Briggs, Jerry Carrigan and Norbert Putnam.

In 2014, he appeared on "Country Funk Vol. II", a compilation album from Light in the Attic. In 2015, he signed with Single Lock Records.

Fritts died from heart surgery-related problems on August 27, 2019, at a hospital in Birmingham, Alabama at the age of 76.


Abel González Chávez

Abel González Chávez (July 26, 1943 – August 27, 2019) was a Colombian radio and television host. From 1996 to 2019, González hosted a daily radio program on Emisora Atlántico called "Satélite".

González Chávez died on August 27, 2019 in Barranquilla, Colombia from a stroke at the age of 76.


Paul Meger

Paul Carl Meger (February 17, 1929 – August 27, 2019) was a Canadian professional ice hockey forward. Meger played his entire National Hockey League (NHL) career with the Montreal Canadiens, winning the Stanley Cup in 1953. His career lasted from 1950 to 1955. Meger was born in Watrous, Saskatchewan.

Meger died on August 27, 2019 in Barrie, Ontario at the age of 90.

Nataša Novotná

Nataša Novotná (born October 29, 1977, Opava) is a Czech dancer, choreographer, lecturer, co-founder of 420PEOPLE and founder of Kylián fund in Prague.

Novotná graduated from Janáček Conservatory in Ostrava.

In 1997, Novotná was engaged in the Dutch ensemble Nederlands Dans Theater 2 (NDT2) led by Jiří Kylián. Between 2000 and 2002 she danced in the Swedish Göteborgs Operan Ballet. Since 2002 she has been a member of the Nederlands Dans Theater (NDT1).

Novotná has collaborated with leading world choreographers, e.g. . Jiří Kylián, Ohad Naharin, W. Forsyth, M. Ek, Crystal Pite, Meryl Tancard and others.

Since 2007, Novotná has been working independently, performing contemporary dance, collaborating as a dancer with leading world scenes and choreographers such as the Tero Saarinen Company in Finland, Copenhagen International Ballet, Korzo Theater, Station Zuid and C-scope in the Netherlands, as well with Roberto Bolle, the soloist of the Teatro alla Scala or with the London's Sadler's Wells and Sylvie Guillem.

Together with her former NDT colleague Václav Kuneš and manager Ondřej Kotrč, in 2007 Novotná founded a contemporary dance ensemble 420PEOPLE, and acted as executive director of the ensemble until 2016. The name of the ensemble evokes Czech origin – " 420 " is the telephone prefix for the Czech Republic.

The ensemble performs regularly both abroad (e.g. France, Spain, Germany, Mexico, Holland, Finland, Norway, Japan, Great Britain, etc.) and on the Czech stages (among others Czech National Theater, National Moravian-Silesian Theatre).

The ensemble organizes the participation of prominent foreign artists at events in the Czech Republic – such as Ohad Naharin, Abou Lagraa, Jo Strǿmgren, Ann Van den Broek, Sidi Larbi Cherkaoui and others.

After a decade of working for 420PEOPLE, Novotná founded " Kylián Fund in Prague " in 2017.

Novotná is involved in initiatives to support Czech contemporary dance and is a board member of the Vision of Dance professional organization.

Novotná teaches at dance conservatories, Academy of Performing Arts in Prague and in ensembles in the Czech Republic and abroad. She is a lecturer in the Dance Studio of the New Stage, which offers both contemporary and classical dance lessons. Since 2017 she has been certified teacher of the Gaga movement language, developed by world-renowned choreographer Ohad Naharin.






Tahu Potiki

Tahu Potiki (23 December 1966 – 27 August 2019) was a New Zealand Māori leader. He was chief executive of Te Rūnanga o Ngāi Tahu from 2002 to 2006. Potiki was born in Palmerston, Otago.

Potiki died in Auckland on 27 August 2019, aged 52 from multiple organ failure.

Martin Weitzman

Martin Lawrence "Marty" Weitzman (April 1, 1942 – August 27, 2019) was an American economist. He was a Professor of Economics at Harvard University. He was among the most influential economists in the world according to IDEAS/RePEc. 

His latest research was largely focused on environmental economics, specifically climate change and the economics of catastrophes.

Donnie Green

Donnie Gerald Green (July 21, 1948 – August 28, 2019) was an American football offensive lineman in the National Football League. He played for the Buffalo Bills, Philadelphia Eagles, and the Detroit Lions. 

He played college football at Purdue University and was drafted in the fifth round of the 1971 NFL Draft. He was born in Washington, D.C..

On August 28, 2019, Green died on August 28, 2019 at the age of 71.

Nancy Holloway

Nancy Holloway ( Brown, December 11, 1932 – August 28, 2019) was an American jazz, pop and soul singer and actress. She was popular during the 1960s in France, where she continued to perform and live. She was born in Cleveland, Ohio. Holloway was known for singing "T'en va pas comme ça" and for starring in "Seek the idol" and "Man from Cocody".

Holloway died on August 28, 2019 in Paris at the age of 86.

Nicolás Leoz

Nicolás Leoz Almirón (10 September 1928 – 28 August 2019) was a Paraguayan-Colombian sports executive. He was the President of CONMEBOL ("South American Football Confederation") from 1986 to 2013. On April 23, 2013, Leoz resigned from both the FIFA Executive Committee and the CONMEBOL presidency, citing health issues.

Leoz died on 28 August 2019 of cardiac arrest while under house arrest in Asunción, Paraguay at the age of 90.


Guy Innes-Ker, 10th Duke of Roxburghe

Guy David Innes-Ker, 10th Duke of Roxburghe (18 November 1954 – 29 August 2019), styled Marquess of Bowmont and Cessford until 1974, was a British aristocrat. He was a Liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Fishmongers and a Freeman of the City of London. He was the Duke of Roxburghe from 1974 until his death. He was also the Premier Baronet of Scotland, and the 30th feudal baron of Innes.

In 2009, Innes-Ker was diagnosed with esophageal cancer. He died from the disease on 29 August 2019 at his home in Floors Castle in Kelso, Roxburghshire at the age of 64.



Juhani Kärkinen

Juhani Tapio Antero Kärkinen (28 October 1935 – 29 August 2019) was a Finnish ski jumper. He won a gold medal in the large hill at the 1958 World Ski Championships. He placed eighth in the normal hill at the 1960 Winter Olympics. He was born in Kotka, Finland.

Kärkinen died on 29 August 2019 in Lahti, Finland at the age of 83.

Veikko Kankkonen

Veikko Kankkonen (born 5 January 1940) is a retired Finnish ski jumper. He competed at the 1960, 1964 and at the 1968 Winter Olympics. He won two medals in 1964 with a gold in the individual normal hill and a silver in the individual large hill event. He was born in Sotkamo, Finland.

Kankkonen won the Holmenkollen medal (shared with Eero Mäntyranta, Georg Thoma, and Halvor Næs).


Halvor Næs

Halvor Næs (born 19 April 1928) is a Norwegian former ski jumper. He competed in the 1950s. His only victory was in 1953 and he finished fifth in the individual large hill event at the 1952 Winter Olympics in Oslo. He was born in Trysil. Næs was awarded the Holmenkollen medal in 1964 (shared with Veikko Kankkonen, Eero Mäntyranta, and Georg Thoma).

Georg Thoma

Georg Thoma (born 20 August 1937) is a retired German Nordic combined skier and ski jumper. He won a gold medal at the 1960 Olympics. At the 1964 Olympics, he won a bronze medal and was the Olympic flag bearer for Germany at the opening ceremony. He further won the world championships title in 1966.

Thoma was awarded the Holmenkollen medal in 1964 (shared with Veikko Kankkonen, Eero Mäntyranta, and Halvor Næs).

Thoma was born in Hinterzarten, Germany.


Vladimir Veličković

Vladimir Veličković (; 11 August 1935 – 29 August 2019) was a Serbian painter. He was born in Belgrade, then-Yugoslavia.

In 1987, he won the Herder Prize. In 1985, he became a member of the Serbian Academy of Sciences and Arts. In 2005, he became a member of the Académie des Beaux-Arts. In 2017 he signed the Declaration on the Common Language of the Croats, Serbs, Bosniaks and Montenegrins. His paintings were exhibited in many countries in Europe and Americas starting in 1951.

Veličković died on 29 August 2019 at a hospital in Split, Croatia from congestive heart failure at the age of 84.


Rockerville, South Dakota

Rockerville is a small unincorporated community in Pennington County in the Black Hills of the U.S. state of South Dakota. It originally started as a mining camp. It was named for the "rockers" which were used to separate placer gold from stream gravel.

Rockerville was founded in 1876 as the result of a gold rush.

Alvord Desert

The Alvord Desert is a desert located in Harney County, in southeastern Oregon in the western United States. It is roughly southeast of Steens Mountain. The Alvord Desert is a dry lake bed and averages of rain a year. 

Two mountain ranges separate it from the Pacific Ocean—the Coast Range, and the Cascade Mountains. The Alvord Desert is at an elevation of about .

PROSOCO

PROSOCO is a national manufacturer of special construction chemical products for cleaning, protecting and maintaining concrete. It was created in 1937. PROSOCO's production and warehouse building, and corporate headquarters are in Lawrence, Kansas; construction on that building started in 1998.

The company has 100-250 employees.

PROSOCO was created in 1937. It was first called the Process Solvent Company. It was first a company in Kansas City that made special cleaning products and engine products for the car and railroad industries. Because the construction industry grew in the 1950s, Process Solvent Company starting making construction and building maintenance products. In 1967, the Process Solvent Company filed to trademark "PSC", which made it shorter to call the company.

PROSOCO has been involved with some famous buildings including the United States Capitol Building.

In 2015, the company received an award Building Green's top-10 products.

PROSOCO has 4 brands: "R-Guard, Sure Klean, Consolideck and Anchoring Systems". 


Mortal Kombat series

Mortal Kombat is a series of fighting video games. It is known for having a very high level of violence, blood, and gore. The first game was so violent and bloody compared to other video games at the time that it was one of the games mentioned in the 1993 congressional hearings on video games. This later led to the ESRB rating system. Unsurprisingly, most games in the series are rated M for Mature, which means that the game cannot legally be sold to anyone under the age of 17 in most stores in the United States.

Starting with the 2011 video game, well-known characters serve as guests for the games. Due to legal constraints, they only appear only in one game. There are two guests in MK9, four guests in MKX and five guests in MK11.

Sonic Spinball

Sonic the Hedgehog Spinball, commonly shortened to Sonic Spinball, is a 1993 pinball video game. It was created by Sega Technical Institute, and it was published by Sega. It is a spinoff of the "Sonic the Hedgehog" series. It takes place in the universe of the "Sonic the Hedgehog" animated series. Players control Sonic the Hedgehog, who must stop Doctor Robotnik from enslaving the population in a big pinball-like machine.

"Sonic Spinball" was created by the American staff of Sega Technical Institute. This was because the Japanese staff was busy with making "Sonic the Hedgehog 3" and "Sonic & Knuckles". When Sega management realized that "Sonic 3" would not be finshed in time for the 1993 holiday shopping season, they created another "Sonic" game. The game was quickly designed. It had short time constraints. Most of the work happened in two months. "Sonic Spinball" was released for the Sega Genesis in November 1993 and for the Game Gear and Master System in 1994.

"Sonic Spinball" got good and bad reviews. People liked the idea and graphics. They didn't like the controls. A second pinball game, "Sonic Pinball Party", was created in 2003. A Sonic Spinball spinning rollercoaster was built in Alton Towers, a British theme park, in 2010.

The game has been rereleased on 11 different consoles. The Genesis version of the game has been rereleased on the "Sonic Mega Collection" compilation for the Nintendo GameCube, PlayStation 2, Xbox and PCs, "Sonic's Ultimate Genesis Collection" for the Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3, and multiple iterations of the "Sega Smash Pack" series of compilations. The Game Gear version is an unlockable game in "" for the GameCube and PC, as well as "Sonic Gems Collection" for the GameCube and PlayStation 2.

Sega Technical Institute

Sega Technical Institute (STI) was an American development division of Sega. It was created by Mark Cerny in 1991. They wanted to combine good Japanese developers, including Sonic Team programmer Yuji Naka and his team, with new American developers. STI created many "Sonic the Hedgehog" games, as well as other games for the Sega Genesis. It closed in late 1996.

Games developed by STI are important in the history of the Genesis, and many were well-received or sold well. Developers have described STI as a unique workplace that did not fit into Sega's corporate structure, and have fond memories of the environment.

Kansas State Department of Education

Kansas State Department Board of Education (KSDE) is Kansas's Board of Education. Its headquarters are in Topeka. The board of education that controls the department is a constitutional group created in Article 6 of the Kansas Constitution. The Board helps decide educational policy for the state's primary and secondary schools.




Sean Stephenson

Sean Clinch Stephenson (May 5, 1979 – August 28, 2019) was an American therapist, self-help author and motivational speaker. He was born in Chicago with osteogenesis imperfecta. Stephenson stood three feet tall, had fragile bones, and used a wheelchair. He studied at DePaul University. He earned $15,000 to $30,000 per appearance.

His second book, "Get Off Your "But": How to End Self-Sabotage and Stand Up for Yourself", was published in 2009. It was a self-help book about his own personal story along with the stories of others, and provided exercises for readers to perform while they read. That same year, Stephenson was the subject of "Three Foot Giant", a television documentary that aired on The Biography Channel in November 2009.

Stephenson died on August 28, 2019 from problems caused by a concussion at the age of 40.

Maria Dolors Renau

Maria Dolors Renau i Manén (15 November 1936 – 29 August 2019) was a Spanish politician. She was a Deputy and a MEP from 1986 to 1987, as well as as president of Socialist International Women (1999–2003). She was born in Barcelona.

Renau died on 29 August 2019 in Barcelona at the age of 82.

Parsnip

The parsnip ("Pastinaca sativa") is a root vegetable.

The parsnip is native to Eurasia; it has been used as a vegetable since antiquity. It was cultivated by the Romans. It was used as a sweetener before the arrival in Europe of cane sugar.

The plant is closely related to carrot and parsley; all belong to the family Apiaceae. Its long, tuberous root has cream-colored skin and flesh. Left in the ground to mature, it becomes sweeter in flavor after winter frosts.

Jim Langer

James John Langer (May 16, 1948 – August 29, 2019) was an American football center. He played for the National Football League's Cleveland Browns, Miami Dolphins and Minnesota Vikings. He was thought to have been among the greatest NFL centers of all time. Langer was elected to the Pro Football Hall of Fame in his first year of eligibility in 1987. Langer was born in Little Falls, Minnesota.

Langer died on August 29, 2019 in Coon Rapids, Minnesota from heart failure at the age of 71. 


Little Falls, Minnesota

Little Falls is a city in Morrison County, Minnesota, United States. It is the county seat of Morrison County. The population was 9,140 at the 2020 census. Little Falls was the boyhood home of noted aviator Charles Lindbergh.

Coon Rapids, Minnesota

Coon Rapids is a northern suburb of Minneapolis, and is the largest city in Anoka County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 63,599 at the 2020 census. It is the fifteenth largest city in Minnesota and the seventh largest Twin Cities suburb.

Conan the Barbarian

Conan the Barbarian (also known as Conan the Cimmerian) is a fictional sword and sorcery hero who began in pulp magazines and has since been adapted to books, comics, several films (including "Conan the Barbarian" and "Conan the Destroyer"), television programs (animated and live-action), video games, role-playing games, and other media. 


Franco Columbu

Francesco Columbu (August 7, 1941 – August 30, 2019) was an Italian actor, author, champion bodybuilder, powerlifter and "World's Strongest Man" competitor. He was born in Ollolai, Sardinia. He was known for his roles in "Conan the Barbarian" and "The Terminator". Columbu won the Mr. Olympia in 1976 and again in 1981.

Columbu drowned after having a heart attack on August 30, 2019 in San Teodoro at the age of 78.


Dennis Fentie

Dennis G. Fentie (November 8, 1950 – August 30, 2019) was a Canadian politician. He was the seventh Premier of Yukon and leader of the Yukon Party from 2002 to 2011. He worked on the MLA for Watson Lake from 1996 through 2011.

Fentie died of cancer at the age of 68 on August 30, 2019.


Hans Rausing

Hans Rausing, KBE (25 March 1926 – 30 August 2019) was a Swedish-British businessman. He was founder of Tetra Pak. It is the largest food packaging company in the world. In 1995 he sold his share of the company to his brother, Gad.

In the Forbes world fortune ranking, Rausing was placed at number 83 with an estimated fortune of US$10 billion in 2011. He was the second richest Swedish billionaire in 2013.

Rausing died in London on 30 August 2019 at the age of 93.


Udo Schaefer

Udo Schaefer (October 19, 1926 – August 30, 2019) was a German lawyer and a Bahá'í writer. He was born in Heidelberg, Germany. He was known for his writing "Bahá'í Ethics in Light of Scripture" and "".

Schaefer died on August 30, 2019 at the age of 92.



William Bulger

William Michael Bulger (born February 2, 1934) is an American Democratic politician, lawyer, and educator. He was the President of the Massachusetts Senate from 1978 through 1996, which is the longest in history. He then became president of the University of Massachusetts.

His brother was convicted mob boss James "Whitey" Bulger, who led the Winter Hill Gang. In 2003 he refused to testify in a congressional hearing about communications he had with his then-fugitive brother. Because of that, he was forced to resign from the presidency of the University of Massachusetts.


Dorchester, Massachusetts

Dorchester is a Boston neighborhood making up more than in the City of Boston, Massachusetts, United States. Originally, Dorchester was a separate town, founded by Puritans who emigrated in 1630. It is Boston's largest neighborhood by far. In the 2010 United States Census, the neighborhood's population was 92,115.

Vincent Waller

Vincent Waller (born September 30, 1960) is an American writer, artist, animator, storyboard artist, and technical director. He worked on several animated television shows and movies, his best works being "The Ren & Stimpy Show" and "SpongeBob SquarePants".

Alan Oppenheimer

Alan Louis Oppenheimer (born April 23, 1930) is an American actor. He is best known for working with Filmation in the 1970s and 1980s.

His best known roles include Oil Can Harry, Swifty and the narrator on "The New Adventures of Mighty Mouse and Heckle & Jeckle", Ming the Merciless on "Flash Gordon", the Overlord on "BlackStar", Skeletor, Man-At-Arms and Mer-Man from Filmation's 1980's cartoon "He-Man and the Masters of the Universe", and the voice of Prime Evil in the 1986 TV series, Filmation's "Ghostbusters".

Recently, he voiced the Scientist in "9" and Old Timer in "Toy Story 4".


Toy Story 4

Toy Story 4 (also known as Toy Story 4: Runaway Plaything) is a 2019 American computer-animated comedy adventure movie. It was produced by Pixar Animation Studios for Walt Disney Pictures. It is the fourth and final installment of movie in Pixar's "Toy Story" series, followed by "Lightyear" in 2022.

The movie stars the voices of Tom Hanks, Tim Allen, Annie Potts, Tony Hale, Keegan-Michael Key, Jordan Peele, Madeleine McGraw, Christina Hendricks, Keanu Reeves, Ally Maki, Jay Hernandez, Lori Alan, and Joan Cusack, and 
"Toy Story 4" premiered on June 11, 2019 in Los Angeles, California and nationwide on June 21, 2019, in RealD 3D, Dolby Cinema, and IMAX. 
The movie has made $1 billion worldwide, becoming the sixth highest-grossing movie of 2019. The movie received strong positive reviews despite some action events. In 2020, it won an Academy Award for best animated movie.
On February 8, 2023, Disney announced that a fifth "Toy Story" film is in development.

Jomo Kenyatta International Airport

Jomo Kenyatta International Airport , is an international airport in Nairobi, the capital of and largest city in Kenya. Located in the Embakasi suburb southeast of Nairobi's central business district, the airport has scheduled flights to destinations in over 50 countries. Originally named Embakasi Airport, the airport's name was changed in 1978 to honour Jomo Kenyatta, Kenya's first president and prime minister. The airport served over 7 million passengers in 2016, making it the seventh busiest airport in passenger traffic in Africa.

Alan Silvestri

Alan Anthony Silvestri (born March 26, 1950) is an American composer and conductor. He is known for his movie and television scores.

Silvestri was born in New York City to Louis Silvestri and Sophia Phelan. His father is Italian and His mother is Irish. 

Silvestri stated composers like John Barry, Randy Newman, Henry Mancini, Alfred Newman, Hoyt Curtin, Donald Mairs, Jerry Goldsmith, John Williams, Leonard Bernstein, George Gershwin, Aaron Copland and Elmer Bernstein as influences.

Silvestri and his wife Sandra live in Carmel Valley Village, California with Joey Silvestri, Alexandra Silvestri and James Silvestri.

France Aviation Civile Services

France Aviation Civile Services, previously DSNA Services, is a consulting company, started by the DGAC and the ENAC in 2013. It gives to clients the expertise of French civil aviation in regulation, security and air navigation.

Its President is Mr Farid Zizi, previous President of the ICAO Air Navigation Commission.

Lieutenant commander

Lieutenant commander is an officer rank in several navies.

In the Royal Navy, It is junior to commander and senior to the naval rank of lieutenant. Royal Navy ranks are matched up with Royal Air Force ranks. In this case the equivalent rank would be a squadron leader.

Lieutenant commander (LCDR) is a mid-ranking officer in the United States Navy, the United States Coast Guard, and several other public uniformed services.

In the Royal Canadian Navy, the rank of lieutenant commander (LCdr) (French: capitaine de corvette or capc) is the naval rank equal to major in the army or air force. It is the first rank of senior officer.

This rank would be usual for a commander of a minor warship, or an executive officer in a larger ship.

Señorita (Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello song)

"Señorita" is a song by Canadian singer Shawn Mendes and Cuban-American singer Camila Cabello. It is from Mendes' self-titled third studio album. The song was released on June 21, 2019. It was written by the two artists along with its producers – Cashmere Cat, WATT, and Benny Blanco – and British artist Charli XCX, Ali Temposi, Magnus Höiberg, and Jack Patterson of the electronic band Clean Bandit.

The song became Mendes' first number-one hit on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US and Cabello's second, after "Havana". Mendes previously reached number two on the Hot 100 with "If I Can't Have You" earlier in 2019.

Battle of Kursk

The Battle of Kursk was a World War II battle. It happened on 5 July to 23 August 1943 near Kursk, Russia.

Berzona

Berzona is a village and former municipality of the district of Locarno in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

In 2001 the municipality was merged with the other, neighboring municipalities Auressio and Loco to form a new and larger municipality Isorno.

Knowles, Oklahoma

Knowles is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Kremlin, Oklahoma

Kremlin is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Waukomis, Oklahoma

Waukomis is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Oktaha, Oklahoma

Oktaha is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Muzzano

Muzzano can mean:



Kyivan Rus Park

The Kyivan Rus Park (in Ukrainian: "Парк Київська Русь") is a cultural, commercial and entertainment complex in Kopachiv village, Obuhivskyi raion. 34 km. from Kyiv, Ukraine. the park was opened in 2008 in a site that restores the Kyiv Kremlin that was the Kremlin of Kyiv in the 5th to 8th century.



Schulter, Oklahoma

Schulter is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Clow, Arkansas

Clow is an unincorporated community in Hempstead County, Arkansas, United States.

Oleksiy Honcharuk

Oleksiy Valeriyovych Honcharuk (; born July 7, 1984) is a Ukrainian politician and lawyer. Honcharuk was the 17th Prime Minister of Ukraine from 29 August 2019 to 4 March 2020. He was the Deputy Head of the Office of the President of Ukraine Zelensky. Honcharuk is the youngest Prime Minister in the modern Ukrainian history.

Anthoine Hubert

Anthoine Hubert (22 September 1996 – 31 August 2019) was a French professional racing driver. He was born in Lyon and began his kart racing career in 2006 at age nine. In 2018, he became the GP3 Series champion. At the time of his death in 2019, he raced for BWT Arden.

On 31 August 2019, Hubert was involved in a crash during the Formula 2 feature race at Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps in Stavelot, Belgium. He died of his injuries a short time later. He was 22.


Deaths in September 2019

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in September 2019. Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.
































Jukka Virtanen

Jukka Jalmari Virtanen (25 July 1933 – 1 September 2019) was a Finnish entertainer and author. He won the Rose d'Or in 1965 for the entertainment program "Lumilinna". He starred in the movies "Millipilleri", "Pähkähullu Suomi" and "Noin 7 Veljestä". Virtanen was the host of Levyraati from 1980 through 1997. Virtanen was born in Jämsänkoski, Finland.

Virtanen died from prostate cancer on 1 September 2019, aged 86.


Bob Davie (American football)

Robert Edwin Davie Jr. (born September 30, 1954) is an American football college coach and player. He is the head football coach at New Mexico. He was the head football coach at Notre Dame from 1997 to 2001. He also was an ESPN college football color commentator from 2002 to 2011. Davie was born in Sewickley, Pennsylvania.


Sewickley, Pennsylvania

Sewickley is a borough in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, west northwest of Pittsburgh along the Ohio River. It is a residential suburb of Pittsburgh. The population was 3,907 at the 2020 census. 

Midland–Odessa shooting

On August 31, 2019, multiple people were shot from a vehicle traveling between and in the Texas cities of Odessa and Midland. 

Odessa police announced five deaths (including the shooter) and 21 injuries (including three police), and described the shooter as a white male in his mid-30s, shot and killed by police outside a movie theater as he fired at them again.

Brad Linaweaver

Bradford Swain Linaweaver (September 1, 1952 – August 29, 2019) was an American science fiction and fantasy writer. He was known for directing "The Brain Leeches" and "Jack-O". He also wrote Libertarian-leaning novels such as "The Boneyard Collection" and "Space Babes Meet the Monsters". Linaweaver was born in Washington, North Carolina. His best known novel was "Moon of Ice".

Linaweaver died on August 29, 2019 from cancer at the age of 67.


Washington, North Carolina

Washington, commonly known as The Original Washington or Little Washington (to distinguish it from Washington, D.C.), is a city in Beaufort County, North Carolina, United States. The population was 9,875 at the 2020 census. 

It is the county seat of Beaufort County. 

Berthe's mouse lemur

Berthe's mouse lemur or Madame Berthe's mouse lemur ("Microcebus berthae") is the smallest mouse lemur and the smallest primate in the world. Its average body length is and seasonal weight is around . 

This primate was found in 1992 in the dry Kirindy Forest in western Madagascar. After its discovery genetic studies showed it was as a new species, "M. berthae".

This lemur is named after the conservationist and primatologist Berthe Rakotosamimanana of Madagascar, who was the Secretary General of the "Groupe d'Etudes et de Recherche des Primates" (GERP) from its founding until her death in 2005.

Alec Holowka

Alec Holowka (30 October 1983 – 31 August 2019) was a Canadian indie game developer, co-founder of an independent game companies Infinite Ammo, Infinite Fall, and Bit Blot. He was known for collaborating with Derek Yu to create "Aquaria" and freeware game "I'm O.K - A Murder Simulator" and with Scott Benson and Bethany Hockenberry to create "Night in the Woods". He was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

In early August 2019, Holowka was accused of physical and sexual assault by many women including Zoë Quinn. He killed himself on August 31, 2019, aged 35. According to his sister, Holowka had been "battling mood and personality disorders" through his life but "was a victim of abuse".


Zoë Quinn

Zoë Tiberius Quinn (born 1987) is an American video game developer, programmer, writer, and artist.

In 2014, a blog post by her ex-boyfriend sparked the Gamergate controversy, in which Quinn was subjected to a lot of criticism and harassment.


Anita Sarkeesian

Anita Sarkeesian (; born 1983) is a Canadian-American feminist media critic, blogger, and public speaker. She is the founder of "Feminist Frequency". She is known for her video series "Tropes vs. Women in Video Games", which reviews the female video game characters stereotypes.

Brianna Wu

Brianna Wu (born July 6, 1977) is an American video game developer and computer programmer. She co-founded Giant Spacekat. Giant Spacekat makes indie games. She is also a blogger and podcaster on matters relating to the video game industry.

Wu unsuccessfully ran as a Democrat against incumbent Stephen F. Lynch in Massachusetts for the 8th district for the U.S. House of Representatives in 2018. Wu unsuccessfully ran a second campaign for the 2020 election.

Stephen F. Lynch

Stephen Francis Lynch (born March 31, 1955) is an American politician. He has been a member of the U.S. House of Representatives from Massachusetts since 2001. He is a Democrat representing Massachusetts's 8th congressional district.

Lynch ran for the Democratic nomination in the 2013 special election for the U.S. Senate but lost to Ed Markey. 

Immanuel Wallerstein

Immanuel Maurice Wallerstein (; September 28, 1930 – August 31, 2019) was an American sociologist, economic historian and world-systems analyst. His best known works helped developed the world-systems approach. He published bimonthly commentaries through Agence Global on world affairs from October 1998 to July 2019. 

He was a Senior Research Scholar at Yale University from 2000 until his death in 2019.

Wang Buxuan

Wang Buxuan (5 February 1922 – 31 August 2019), also known as Bu-Xuan Wang and Pu-Hsuan Wang, was a Chinese thermal physicist and educator. He was known for engineering thermodynamics in China. He created the engineering thermodynamics program at Tsinghua University in 1957. He was elected an academician of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1980. 

Ali Wong

Alexandra Wong (born April 19, 1982) is an American actress, comedian, producer, and writer. She is known for her Netflix stand-up specials "Baby Cobra" and "Hard Knock Wife," as well as her television appearances in "American Housewife", "Are You There, Chelsea?", "Inside Amy Schumer", and "Black Box". 

She also wrote for the first three seasons of the sitcom "Fresh Off the Boat". In 2019, she starred in "Always Be My Maybe".

Ramona, Oklahoma

Ramona is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Rosston, Oklahoma

Rosston is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

West Hartford, Connecticut

West Hartford is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States. It is about west of downtown Hartford. The population was 64,083 at the 2020 census.


Simsbury, Connecticut

Simsbury is a town in Hartford County, Connecticut, United States. The population was 24,517 at the 2020 census.


Sant'Abbondio (disambiguation)

Sant'Abbondio is the name of two places in Europe:

Terlton, Oklahoma

Terlton is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

The United States Census Bureau, says the town has a total area of , which is all land.

Railroad classes

In the United States, railroads are Class I, II, or III, depending on how big they are. The Surface Transportation Board decides how big the railroads need to be to be in the classes.

There are six US Class I freight railroad companies. Canada has two Class I freight railroads. Both of the Canadian companies have trackage in the US. Mexico has two Class I freight railroads, one with trackage in the US. The national passenger railroads in the US and Canada, Amtrak and Via Rail, are both Class I.

In the United States, the Surface Transportation Board says a Class I railroad is a railroad that gets $250 million or more in revenue every year. It was 1991 when they said it had to be at least $250 million. In 2012, $452,653,248 is how much it would be. In 2011, the Association of American Railroads says that Class I railroads had to get at least $433.2 million.

In Canada, a Class I rail carrier is a company that has earned at least $250 million (CAD) in revenue for each of the previous two years.

Class I railroads are some of the most efficient kinds of transportation. They move a ton of freight almost 500 miles with each gallon of diesel fuel ( to move ).

In 2013, eleven railroads in North America were Class I. In the United States, Amtrak and seven freight railroads are Class I based on 2011 measurements released in 2013.

A Class II railroad in the United States takes freight and is mid-sized in terms of revenue. , a Class II railroad is a railroad with that earns more than $37.4 million but less than $433.2 million in revenue for at least three years in a row. Switching and terminal railroads are can't be Class II railroads.

A Class III railroad earns less than $20 million (1991 dollars) in revenue every year.



University Press of Kansas

The University Press of Kansas is a publisher in Lawrence, KS that represents the six state universities in the US state of Kansas: Emporia State University, Fort Hays State University, Kansas State University (K-State), Pittsburg State University, the University of Kansas (KU), and Wichita State University.

The press was created in 1946. There were big changes in 1967 and 1976. Today, it operates as a consortium with representation from each of the participating universities. The press is on the west part of the KU campus.

The press mostly publishes books about American politics and military history. They also publish books about the region around it.


Shivamogga

Shivamogga is the capital of the Shivamogga district in Karnataka. It was earlier called Shimoga.

It is located in India.

University of Nebraska Press

The University of Nebraska Press, also known as UNP, is an academic publisher of scholarly and general-interest books. It was created in 1941. The press is controlled by the University of Nebraska–Lincoln, the main campus of the University of Nebraska system. UNP mostly publishes non-fiction books and academic journals. They publish in both print and electronic editions. The press has strong publishing programs in Native American studies, Western American history, sports, world and national affairs, and military history.

UNP has published more than 4,000 books and 30 journals. They publish more than 150 new titles each year, making it the 12th biggest university press in the United States. Since 2010, two of UNP's books have received the Bancroft Prize, the highest honor given to history books in the U.S.


Missouri River Valley

The Missouri River Valley outlines where the Missouri River from its headwaters where the Madison, Jefferson and Gallatin Rivers flow together in Montana to its confluence with the Mississippi River in the State of Missouri. At long, the valley drains one-sixth of the United States. It is the longest river valley in North America. The valley in the Missouri River basin includes river bottoms and floodplains.


Mount Oread

Mount Oread is a hill in Lawrence, Kansas. The University of Kansas is on it. It is on the water divide between the Kansas and Wakarusa rivers. It was named after the Oread Institute in Worcester, Massachusetts. The hill was first called Hogback Ridge by many Lawrence residents until the Oread name was chosen in 1866.

For emigrants going west by wagon train on the Oregon Trail, "The Hill" was the next big topographical challenge after crossing the Wakarusa River near today's Haskell Indian Nations University.
The United States Geological Survey says that Mount Oread is about above sea level. Downtown Lawrence is about above sea level. Mount Oread was whereWilliam Quantrill's raid into Lawrence on August 21, 1863, during the American Civil War, happened. The campus of the University of Kansas (KU) is on Mount Oread.



Samuel C. Pomeroy

Samuel Clarke Pomeroy (January 3, 1816 – August 27, 1891) was a United States senator from Kansas in the mid-19th century. He was in the United States Senate during the American Civil War. Pomeroy was also in the Massachusetts House of Representatives.He also was the mayor of Atchison, Kansas from 1858 to 1859. He was also the second president of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railroad, and the first president to oversee any of the railroad's construction and operations. Pomeroy succeeded Cyrus K. Holliday as president of the railroad on January 13, 1864. He was a Republican.

Samuel C. Pomeroy was born on January 3, 1816 at Southampton, Massachusetts. He was a student at Amherst College. Pomeroy was against the politics of slavery. In 1854, he joined the New England Emigrant Aid Company. That fall, he led a group of people to Kansas to help create the city of Lawrence.

On April 4, 1861, the Kansas legislature elected Pomeroy (along with James Lane) to be one of Kansas's first senators.

On December 18, 1871, because of Ferdinand Vandeveer Hayden urging and after learning of the findings of the Hayden Geological Survey of 1871, Pomeroy introduced the Act of Dedication bill into the Senate. That bill led to the creation of Yellowstone National Park.

High court

High court usually refers to the superior court (or supreme court) of a country or state. In some countries, it is the highest court (for example, Australia). In others, it is positioned lower in the hierarchy of courts (for example, England and Wales). A person who presides as a judge in such a court may be called a High Court judge, or, in some cases, a High Court Justice.

Truth Hurts (song)

"Truth Hurts" is a song by American R&B recording artist Lizzo. It is taken from the deluxe version of her third studio album (and first major-label release), "Cuz I Love You". It was released as a single on September 19, 2017. Lizzo wrote the song with Steven Cheung, Jesse Saint John, and its producer, Ricky Reed.

In 2019, it reached number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100, the Pop Songs radio chart, R&B/Hip-Hop Songs and Rap Songs charts, and on the Radio Songs chart. It also reached the top ten in Canada and New Zealand, while maintaining the top 20 in Australia, the top 40 in the UK, and the top 100 in the Netherlands and Switzerland.

Electoral district (Canada)

Electoral districts in Canada (also called a "constituency" or "riding") are what Canada's representative democracy is based on. In Canadian French, it is called a "circonscription", but is also called a "comté" (county). Every single federal electoral district is represented by one Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada. In provincial or territorial electoral districts, the person that represents the riding might be called a Member of the Legislative Assembly (MLA), Member of the National Assembly (NLA), Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP), or a Member of the House of Assembly (MHA).

Right now, federal and provincial electoral districts are only represented by one person. In the past, however, some have been represented by more than one person. 

Kenneth Baugh

Kenneth Lee O'Neil Baugh (24 February 1941 – 1 September 2019) was a Jamaican politician. He was an Opposition Leader from January 2005 through April 2005. He was a member of the Parliament of Jamaica, was a general secretary and chairman of the Jamaica Labour Party. Baugh was born in Montego Bay, Jamaica. 

Baugh retired from politics in 2015 due to ill health. He had brain surgery later that year. Baugh died on 1 September 2019 from a long-illness at the age of 78.

Alberto Goldman

Alberto Goldman (; 12 October 1937 – 1 September 2019) was a Brazilian engineer and politician. He was elected Vice Governor of São Paulo in 2006 with Governor José Serra. Goldman became governor of São Paulo on 6 April 2010. He resigned on 1 January 2011. He was National President of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party from November 2017 through December 2017.

Goldman was born in São Paulo. He died on 1 September 2019 at a São Paulo hospital from problems caused by cancer-related surgery, aged 81.

Walter Thiel (chemist)

Walter Thiel (7 March 1949 in Treysa, Hesse - 23 August 2019) was a German theoretical chemist. He was the president of the World Association of Theoretical and Computational Chemists (WATOC) from 2011.


William J. Larkin Jr.

William J. Larkin Jr. (February 5, 1928 – August 31, 2019) was an American politician. He was a member of the New York State Legislature representing districts in the Hudson Valley. He was a member of the Republican Party. Larkin represented the 39th District in the New York State Senate from 1991 until his retirement in 2018. 

During his career in the Army, Larkin helped protect President John F. Kennedy on a visit to Berlin and met Martin Luther King Jr. when escorting one of the Selma to Montgomery marches in Alabama during the Civil Rights Movement.

Larkin lived in the town of New Windsor, New York. He died there on August 31, 2019 at the age of 91.

New Windsor, New York

New Windsor is a town in Orange County, New York, United States. The Town of New Windsor is in the eastern part of the county, bordering the Town of Newburgh and the City of Newburgh. The population was 27,805 in 2020.

Jim Gardner (politician)

James Carson Gardner (born April 8, 1933) is an American businessman and Republican politician. He was a U.S. Representative from 1967 through 1969 and as the 30th Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina from 1989 through 1993. Gardner was born in Rocky Mount, North Carolina.

Robert B. Jordan

Robert Byrd Jordan III (October 11, 1932 – February 16, 2020) was an American politician. He was the 29th Lieutenant Governor of North Carolina for one term from 1985 through 1989 under Governor James G. Martin. He ran for Governor of North Carolina in 1988 but didn't win. 


Mount Gilead, North Carolina

Mount Gilead is a town in Montgomery County, in the Piedmont region of North Carolina, United States. The population was 1,171 at the 2020 census.

Ben Nighthorse Campbell

Ben Nighthorse Campbell (born April 13, 1933) is a Cheyenne-American politician. He was a U.S. Representative from 1987 to 1993, and a U.S. Senator from Colorado from 1993 to 2005. He was a member of the Democratic Party, until Campbell switched to the Republican Party on March 3, 1995.


Sid Morrison

Sidney Wallace Morrison (born May 13, 1933) is an American politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Washington from 1981 through 1993. He was elected as a Republican. Morrison was born in Yakima, Washington.

Morrison was a member of the State Senate from 1975 through 1980. Before, he was a member of the State House from 1967 through 1975. In 1992, he ran for Governor, but lost the primary to Ken Eikenberry.

Ken Eikenberry

Kenneth Otto Eikenberry (born June 29, 1932) is an American Republican politician. He was born in Wenatchee, Washington. Eikenberry was the Attorney General of Washington from January 1981 through January 1993.

Gilbert S. Merritt Jr.

Gilbert Stroud Merritt Jr. (January 17, 1936 – January 17, 2022) was an American lawyer and jurist. He was a Senior United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. Merritt Jr. was nominated to the court by President Jimmy Carter. He was judge on the court from 1977 through 2001 and was Chief Judge from 1989 through 1996. Merritt Jr. was born in Nashville, Tennessee.

In 1993, when Byron White retired from the Supreme Court, he was seen as a possible replacement pick by President Bill Clinton. Ruth Bader Ginsburg was the final pick.

Merritt Jr. died on January 17, 2022 in Nashville on his 86th birthday.

Abe Fortas

Abraham "Abe" Fortas (June 19, 1910 – April 5, 1982) was an American lawyer. He was a U.S. Supreme Court Associate Justice from 1965 to 1969.

Fortas died from an aortic rupture on April 5, 1982 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 71. 

Richard Ravitch

Richard Ravitch (July 7, 1933 – June 25, 2023) was an American politician and businessman. He was Lieutenant Governor of New York from 2009 to 2010. He was appointed to the position in July 2009 by New York Governor David Paterson.

Ravitch died on June 25, 2023 at a hospital in New York City at the age of 89.

Hugh Carey

Hugh Leo Carey (April 11, 1919 – August 7, 2011) was an American politician and attorney. He was a seven-term United States Representative from 1961 to 1974, as well as 51st Governor of New York from 1975 to 1982.

Carey died on August 7, 2011 at his home in Shelter Island, New York of heart failure at the age of 92.

Georgia Holt

Georgia Holt (born Jackie Jean Crouch; June 9, 1926 – December 10, 2022) was an American singer-songwriter, actress, and model. She was the mother of singer and actress Cher and the grandmother of Chaz Bono.

Holt was born in Kensett, Arkansas. She was married to six men, one of them twice. 

Holt appeared as a model on two episodes of "I Love Lucy". She was an audience polling member as part of a group of ten mothers of famous celebrities on the U.S. game show "Card Sharks" from July 4–8, 1988.

Holt also released her album "Honky Tonk Woman", which was recorded in 1982, in 2013. The album includes a duet with Cher titled "I'm Just Your Yesterday".

Holt appeared on talk shows hosted by Mike Douglas, Merv Griffin, Dinah Shore, Jay Leno and Ellen DeGeneres.

Carlo Fonseka

Carlo Fonseka ( "Kālō Fonsēkā"; 4 March 1933 – 2 September 2019) was a Sri Lankan physician, academic and political activist. He was a dean of the Faculty of Medicine, University of Kelaniya. He was president of the Sri Lanka Medical Council fro 2012 through 2017. He was born in Colombo, Ceylon. 

Fonseka died in Colombo on 2 September 2019 at the age of 86.

Marc Singer

Marc Singer (born January 29, 1948) is a Canadian-born American actor.

Singer is best known for his roles in the "Beastmaster" movie series, as Mike Donovan in the original 1980s TV series "V", as Man-Bat in "" and his role in "Dallas" as Matt Cantrell.

Singer also played General Matthew Shrieve on The CW television series "Arrow"'s third season.


George Will

George Frederick Will (born May 4, 1941) is an American conservative political commentator. He writes regular columns for "The Washington Post" and is a political commentator for NBC News and MSNBC. 

In 1986, "The Wall Street Journal" called him "perhaps the most powerful journalist in America". He won the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary in 1977.

Arthur B. Culvahouse Jr.

Arthur Boggess Culvahouse Jr. (born July 4, 1948) is an American attorney and politician. He was the United States Ambassador to Australia from March 13, 2019 to January 19, 2021 under the Trump administration. Before, he was the White House Counsel from 1987 through 1989 during the Ronald Reagan presidency.

He was an important figure in John McCain's 2008 presidential campaign. He helped picked McCain's running mate.

In May 2016, Donald Trump, the presumptive Republican presidential nominee, chose Culvahouse to head the search for his running mate.

In November 2018, Trump nominated Culvahouse to be the U.S. Ambassador to Australia. He was confirmed by the United States Senate in January 2019.


Cecilia Seghizzi

Cecilia Seghizzi (5 September 1908 – 22 November 2019) was an Italian composer, painter and teacher.

Her music catalog includes more than 130 compositions, among which many are choral music.

On 5 September 2018, she became a supercentenarian upon celebrating her 110th birthday. She died on 22 November 2019 at the age of 111.


Tony Street

Anthony Austin Street (8 February 1926 – 25 October 2022) was an Australian federal politician. He was Foreign Minister in the Fourth Fraser Ministry between 1980 and 1983. A member of Parliament, he represented the Corangamite division in Victoria from 1966 through 1984. 

His father Geoffrey Street held his seat before him, and other members of the Street family. Street was a member of the Liberal Party of Australia. He was born in Melbourne.

Street died on 25 October 2022, at the age of 96.

Jason Kenney

Jason Thomas Kenney PC MLA (born May 30, 1968) is a Canadian politician. He is the 18th Premier of Alberta since 30 April 2019, and leader of the United Conservative Party in Alberta since 2017. 

Kenney was inspired to enter politics after having a short conversation with former Prime Minister John Diefenbaker at an early age.

François Legault

François Legault (; born May 26, 1957) is a Canadian politician and businessman. He is the 32nd and current Premier of Quebec since 2018. He has been Leader of the Coalition Avenir Québec (CAQ) party since its founding in 2011. He was the co-founder of the Canadian airline Air Transat.

Legault was a member of the National Assembly of Quebec from 1998 to 2009. During this time, he was a part of the Parti Québécois (PQ). He was a cabinet minister while Lucien Bouchard and Bernard Landry were Premier. He was elected in the 1998, 2003, 2007, and 2008 elections. He did not run for election again in 2009, and stopped being a member of the National Assembly that year. As a part of the CAQ, he became a member of the National Assembly again after the 2012 provincial election.

Dennis King

Dennis King (born November 1, 1971) is a Canadian politician. He is the 33rd and current Premier of Prince Edward Island since May 2019. He is also the leader of the Progressive Conservative Party of Prince Edward Island.

Plymouth, Minnesota

Plymouth is the seventh largest city in the U.S. State of Minnesota. It is located west of downtown Minneapolis in Hennepin County. It is the third largest suburb of Minneapolis–Saint Paul. The population was 81,026 at the 2020 Census.

Let's Get Loud

"Let's Get Loud" is a 2000 song recorded by American singer Jennifer Lopez for her debut studio album "On the 6" (1999). It was written by the song's co-writer Gloria Estefan for herself but she felt as if the song was too similar to her last songs and gave it onto Lopez.

Estefan, who co-wrote the song alongside Kike Santander, stated that Lopez would have "more fun with it" and would put "a new spin" on it.

"Let's Get Loud" is sometimes seen as Lopez's signature song. Estefan eventually released her own version of the song in 2011 as a bonus track on the deluxe Target edition of her album "Miss Little Havana".

Emilio Estefan

Emilio Estefan Gómez (born March 4, 1953) is a Cuban-American musician and producer. He has won 19 Grammy Awards. Estefan is known as a member of the Miami Sound Machine.

He is the husband of singer Gloria Estefan, father of son Nayib Estefan and daughter Emily Estefan, and the uncle of Spanish-language television personality Lili Estefan.

Lili Estefan

Liliana Del Carmen "Lili" Estefan García (born March 20, 1967) is a Cuban-American model and television host. She is the host of "El Gordo y la Flaca" on Univision.


Todd Phillips

Todd Phillips (born Todd Bunzl; born December 20, 1970) is an American filmmaker. Phillips was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay in "Borat".


Gus Van Sant

Gus Green Van Sant Jr. (born July 24, 1952) is an American director, producer, screenwriter, painter, photographer, musician and author. His movies are known for having a pro-LGBT stance and messages. His movies include: "Drugstore Cowboy", "Good Will Hunting", "My Own Private Idaho", "Milk", "Elephant", "Psycho" and "Finding Forrester".

Jane Kim

Jane Jungyon Kim (born July 9, 1977) is an American civil rights attorney and politician. She is the first Korean American elected official in San Francisco. She represented San Francisco's District 6 on the Board of Supervisors between 2011 and 2019. She is currently a member of the San Francisco's Democratic County Central Committee and was the top vote getter in CA AD17.

In 2016, she ran for the 11th California State Senate District, but lost to Scott Wiener in the primary. She was a candidate for Mayor in the 2018 mayoral election, finishing third with 24.03% of the first-round vote.

Biopsychosocial model

The biopsychosocial model is a branch of psychology. It combines biological, psychological, and social factors into a single study. It's meant to understand complex interactions in health, illness, and healthcare delivery aspects. The model was created by George L. Engel in 1977.

Iah

Iah ( Egyptian: "jˁḥ", Coptic ) is a minor ancient Egyptian moon god who eventually evolves into Khonsu. Iah is said to be a god of both time and fertility. He is most notable for creating the ancient lunar calendar. The word "jˁḥ" simply means "moon". It is also transliterated as "Yah", Yah(w), "Jah", "Jah(w)", "Joh" or "Aah".

In an ancient Egyptian myth, sun god Ra has cursed goddess Nut so that she can not have birth on any of the 360 days of the year. The wisdom god Thoth devised a plan that involved challenging A'ah to a game of Senet. Thoth outsmarted A'ah and won enough moonlight to add 5 days to the year. Since these extra days were not cursed, Nut was able to birth a god on each of these days; Isis, Osiris, Nephthys, and Horus. Due to the loss of moonlight, the moon was unable to shine continuously and was forced to periodically dim in order to recuperate. Thus creating the phases of the moon.

Fred Risser

Fred A. Risser (born May 5, 1927) is an American Democratic politician. He has been a member of the Wisconsin Senate, representing the 26th District since 1962. His district includes most of the west side and central neighborhoods of Madison. He was a member of the Wisconsin Assembly from 1957 to 1962. Risser has never lost an election and is the longest-serving state legislator in American political history.

Upon the death of New Mexico State Senator John Pinto in May 2019, Risser became the only remaining World War II veteran currently serving as a state legislator in the United States.

Atli Eðvaldsson

Atli Eðvaldsson (3 March 1957 – 2 September 2019) was an Icelandic footballer. He played as a midfielder.

During his career, he won the Icelandic championship three times and the Icelandic Cup four times. After retiring from playing, he became a well-known manager. In 1999, he managed Knattspyrnufélag Reykjavíkur to its first championship in 31 years.

Atli played 70 games for the Icelandic national team from 1976 to 1991. He later coached the national team from 1999 to 2003.

In December 2018, he revealed was diagnosed with terminal pancreatic cancer two years before. On 2 September 2019, Atli died from cancer, aged 62.


Joan Antoni Solans Huguet

Joan Antoni Solans i Huguet (15 October 1941 – 2 September 2019) was a Spanish Catalan architect. His works were about urban planning . He was born in Barcelona.

Between 1980 and 1997 he was General Director of Town Planning of the Generalitat de Catalunya during the government of Jordi Pujol and vice president of the Institut Català del Sòl between 1988 and 2000, when he resigned.

He was the architect of the new territorial planning of Catalonia and some cities.

Huget died on 2 September 2019 in Barcelona after being hit by a car at the age of 77.

Dane County, Wisconsin

Dane County is a county in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, the population was 561,504, making it the second-most populous county in Wisconsin. The county seat is Madison, which is also the state capital.

Matthew H. Clark

Matthew Harvey Clark (July 15, 1937 – January 22, 2023) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the Eighth Bishop of Rochester from 1979 until 2012. He was born in Waterford, New York, to Matthew and Grace (née Bills) Clark. He was raised in Troy, New York. Clark has been criticized for being overly tolerant of homosexuality and even challenging the Vatican's position of not allowing homosexual priests.

In September 2019, Clark was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.

Clark died on January 22, 2023. He was 85 years old.

David Cornstein

David B. Cornstein (born August 17, 1938) is an American businessman and politician. He is the United States Ambassador to Hungary. He is from New York and his business career is about gambling operations, high-end used jewelry and telemarketing.

Sinking of MV Conception

On September 2, 2019, the 75-foot (23 m) diving boat "Conception" caught fire and sank off the coast of Santa Cruz Island, California. 

The boat was anchored in Platts Harbor, a small undeveloped bay on the north shore of the island, with over 30 passengers asleep below decks when fire broke out shortly after 3 am. The loss of the ship caused a rescue operation by the United States Coast Guard. 

Coast Guard divers counted 25 bodies in the sunken hull, while nine other people remain missing.

Costa Concordia disaster

On 13 January 2012, the Italian cruise ship "Costa Concordia" hit the bottom of the sea floor and overturned after striking an underwater rock off Isola del Giglio, Tuscany, resulting in 32 deaths. 

The eight year old Costa Cruises vessel was on the first leg of a cruise around the Mediterranean Sea when she deviated from her planned route at the Isola del Giglio, sailed closer to the island, and struck a rock formation on the sea floor. 

A six-hour rescue effort brought most of the passengers ashore.

Many blamed the ship's captain Francesco Schettino, who left the ship shortly after the sinking began leaving behind the crew and passengers.

Francesco Schettino

Francesco Schettino (; born 14 November 1960) is an Italian former sea captain. He commanded the cruise ship "Costa Concordia" when it struck an underwater rock and capsized with the deaths of 32 passengers and crew off the Italian island of Giglio on 13 January 2012.

In 2015 he was sentenced to a 16-year prison sentence.

Sara Wilford

Sara Delano Roosevelt Whitney diBonaventura Wilford (born March 13, 1932) is an American psychologist. She taught at Sarah Lawrence College from 1982 to 2014.

She is a daughter of Betsey Cushing Roosevelt Whitney, a prominent philanthropist in medicine and art, and James Roosevelt, the oldest son of US President Franklin D. Roosevelt and First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt. 

She was married to Ronald A. Wilford from 1973 to his death in 2015.


Sentiero di Leonardo

The Sentiero di Leonardo (in English "The Trail of Leonardo") is a trail in Northern Italy and Southern Switzerland. It is named for Leonardo Da Vinci. The trail was opened in February 2019, the 500th anniversary of Leonardo's death. It goes through places that were important in the life and art of Leonardo. The Sentiero di Leonardo is not a new trail. It is made up of existing footpaths and trails such as the Sentiero del Viandante. One half of the Sentiero di Leonardo goes between Pavia in Italy and San Bernardino in Switzerland along the eastern side of Lake Como. The other half goes between Pavia and San Bernardino along the western side of Lake Como. The trail is 540 kilometers long in total. It takes 26 days to walk both halves.

Alessandro Manzoni and Leonardo da Vinci are numerous and it seems that their families knew each other.
The Last Supper inside the refectory of Santa Maria delle Grazie in nearby Milan sees the profiles of its characters perfectly matching the profiles of Monte Resegone on Lake Como.

Numerous symbols and emblems in local churches of the Lierna Lake Como area and other medieval structures also lead explorers to discover the important role of the Knights Templar in this region, including indications that Leonardo's painting may have served as a mysterious map to a secret passage in a area of ​​the Grigna mountain range known as Alpe di Campione.

The rock formations, caves, waterfalls and breathtaking views of the Grigna massif and the surrounding Lierna mountains on Lake Como deeply inspired Leonardo da Vinci's development.

Significant places for Leonardo da Vinci on Lake Como:

Porta Romana (Milan)

Porta Romana ("Roman Gate") is a former city gate of Milan, Italy. In its present form, the gate dates back to the 16th century Spanish walls of Milan.

Its origins can be traced further back to the Roman walls of the city. They had a "Roman Gate" in the same area. "Porta Romana" was the first and the main imperial entrance of the entire city of Milan. It was the starting point of the road leading to Ancient Rome.

In the neighborhood live numerous celebrities such as Miuccia Prada, Marvin Hagler, Gerry Scotti, Barbara d’Urso, Eros Ramazzotti, Khaby Lame, Guido Meda, etc.

Sexagesimal

Sexagesimal (base 60) is a number system with sixty as its base. It was invented by the ancient Sumerians in the 3rd millennium BC. It was passed down to the ancient Babylonians, and it is still used—in a modified form—for measuring time, angles, and geographic coordinates.

The number 60 is a composite number. It has twelve factors, namely 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 10, 12, 15, 20, 30, and 60, of which 2, 3, and 5 are prime numbers. 

Therefore, using sexagesimal numbers, fractions are simplified. For example, one hour can be divided evenly into sections of 30 minutes, 20 minutes, 15 minutes, 12 minutes, 10 minutes, 6 minutes, 5 minutes, 4 minutes, 3 minutes, 2 minutes, and 1 minute. 

60 is the smallest number that is divisible by every number from 1 to 6; that is, it is the lowest common multiple of 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, and 6.

Note: here in this article, all sexagesimal digits are represented as decimal numbers. For example, "10" means the number ten and "60" means the number sixty.

Battle of Falkirk

The Battle of Falkirk ("Blàr na h-Eaglaise Brice" in Scottish Gaelic) was a battle that occurred on the 22nd of July 1298. It is considered one of the major (most important) battles of the First Scottish War of Independence. In it,the English Army beat the Scottish Army.

Halvard Hanevold

Halvard Hanevold (3 December 1969 – 3 September 2019) was a Norwegian biathlete. He was born in Asker, Norway. Hanevold won an Olympic gold medal at the 1998, 2002 and in 2010. He also won two silver medals in 1998 and in 2006. He also won a bronze medal in 2006.

Hanevold died on 3 September 2019 in Asker at the age of 49.


Jacob Hornberger

Jacob G. Hornberger (born January 1, 1950) is an American attorney, author, and politician. He is the founder and president of the Future of Freedom Foundation. He was a candidate for the Libertarian Party's presidential nomination in 2000, as well as a candidate for the United States Senate election in Virginia in 2002. He was born in Laredo, Texas.

In April 2019, Hornberger was seen as a possible 2020 candidate for the Libertarian nomination. On October 23, 2019, he filed to run for the Libertarian Party 2020 presidential primary. Though Hornberger won the most primaries and received the most votes, Jo Jorgensen was chosen as the party's presidential nominee on the night of May 23, 2020, after four rounds of voting.

In February 2023, Hornberger announced his third presidential candidacy for the 2024 election.

Jacob grew up on a farm on the Rio Grande near Laredo, Texas, which at the time was the poorest city in the United States. His father was German-American and his mother was Mexican-American.

Jacob Hornberger received a bachelor's degree in economics from the Virginia Military Institute, and a Juris Doctor degree from the University of Texas.

Jacob Hornberger was an attorney in the state of Texas for twelve years. Hornberger was an adjunct professor at the University of Dallas, teaching economics and law. Hornberger stopped practicing law in 1987 to become the director of programs for the Foundation for Economic Education. Since then, he has been an advocate for free markets and founded the Future of Freedom Foundation.

In early 1999, Hornberger formed an exploratory committee to seek the Libertarian nomination for president in 2000. Two months later, Hornberger withdrew from the race. Harry Browne, who had been the 1996 Libertarian nominee for president, was running for the nomination in 2000 and was considered the frontrunner. Hornberger began publishing essays criticizing Browne for not being committed to libertarian principles, alleging that Browne was running a "Republican-lite" campaign.

Then, a week before the 2000 Libertarian National Convention, Hornberger rejoined the race for the presidential nomination. At the convention, Hornberger focused most of his messaging on the criticisms of Browne he had been publishing in the previous year. Browne secured the nomination on the first ballot with 56.15% of the vote, while Hornberger finished in third place with 13.67% of the vote.

During the 2000 Libertarian presidential primary, Hornberger published an essay titled "Lord Acton Was Right: A Response to David Bergland: Part 3 (of 3)". In it, Hornberger accused then-candidate for chair of the Libertarian National Committee Jim Lark of silencing a presidential candidate, Don Gorman, during the Libertarian Party of Virginia's state convention. Hornberger also detailed a conversation he had overheard between Lark and Gorman that supported these accusations. Both Lark and Gorman, as well as others, denied this conversation happening. Hornberger acknowledged this two years later in an essay titled "Correction and Apology." 

Shortly after this essay was published, Hornberger announced his intent to run for senate in Virginia as a Libertarian. Lark, as well as other members of the Libertarian Party of Virginia, expressed opposition to Hornberger's candidacy, citing his false accusations against them from 2000. Hornberger requested that the Libertarian Party of Virginia assist his campaign in collecting ballot access signatures, but the party denied since Hornberger had not been formally nominated as the party's candidate yet. Hornberger then decided to instead run as an independent in the 2002 Virginia senate race.

In the general election, Hornberger was one of three candidates who qualified for the ballot, alongside Republican incumbent John Warner and independent Nancy Spannaus, a Lyndon LaRouche movement activist; there was no Democrat challenger. Hornberger finished in third place with 106,055 votes and 7.1% of the popular vote.

In April 2019, Hornberger was seen as a possible 2020 candidate for the Libertarian nomination. On October 29, 2019 Hornberger officially filed to run for president as a Libertarian Shortly after he released a YouTube video announcing his candidacy, expressing a view that the candidates in the race before him were insufficiently committed to abolishing Medicare. Hornberger began his campaign by focusing on the North Carolina primary, declaring his intent to win the vote on March 3rd. Hornberger was considered an early front runner for the Libertarian Party nomination. Hornberger has conceded that him winning the presidency isn't "realistic" but hopes his campaign could "make the case for freedom" and "fight for a free society".

Hornberger finished 5th in the New Hampshire primary, which was won by Vermin Supreme. He later won the Iowa caucus.

On "Super Tuesday" Hornberger received the most votes in all but one of the contests (finishing behind "Uncommited" in North Carolina) solidifying his status as the front-runner.

On November 8, 2019, Hornberger was endorsed by historian and author . On November 11, 2019 radio host and anti-war activist Scott Horton also endorsed Hornberger, followed by Comedian and podcaster Dave Smith. Jake Porter, nominee for Governor of Iowa in 2018 endorsed Hornberger December 7, 2019. Jake Porter is now Hornberger's campaign manager for his 2020 presidential campaign Businessman and Chair of the Tulsa, OK chapter of the Libertarian Party of Oklahoma Todd Hagopian endorsed Hornberger on January 3, 2020. "The Liberty Herald" endorsed Hornberger December 29, 2019. The Libertarian Party Mises Caucus endorsed Hornberger January 7, 2020.

Hornberger did not appear on the New Hampshire Libertarian Party Primary ballot, though he received 9 votes, putting him in sixth place.

On February 8, 2020, Hornberger won the Libertarian Party Iowa Caucus with 47.52% of the vote.

On February 25, 2020, Hornberger won the Libertarian Party Minnesota Caucus with 38.5% of the vote.

On March 3, 2020, Hornberger won the Libertarian Party California Primary with 17.5% of the vote.

In February 2023, Hornberger announced his candidacy for president again for the 2024 election.

Ryszard Czerniawski

Ryszard Waldemar Czerniawski (20 August 1952 – 31 August 2019) was a Polish lawyer and economist. He worked as a journalist from 1976 to 1990 for the first at the Polish Press Agency and then at the weekly "Prawo i Życie" ("Law and Life").

Between 1990 and 1991, he was head of the Legal Department within the Capital Markets Development Division at the Ministry of Privatisation; and from 1991 until 1994 a Director of the Legal Department at the Warsaw Stock Exchange, eventually becoming vice-chairman of the Board of the Warsaw Stock Exchange in 1994, where he worked until June 2006.

Czerniawski was born in Warsaw. He died on 31 August 2019 at the age of 67. His death was announced on 2 September.


Jaswant Singh

Jaswant Singh (3 January 1938 – 27 September 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a founding member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He was one of India's longest serving parliamentarians, serving as a member of parliament between 1980 and 2014. 

He was the Minister of Finance, External Affairs and Defence. He was also Deputy Chairman of the Planning Commission (1998–99). After his party lost power in 2004, Jaswant Singh w as Leader of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha from 2004 to 2009.

He was the candidate for Vice president in 2012. He lost the election to Hamid Ansari.

In the mid-2010s, Singh wrote a book praising Jinnah. As a result, he was expelled from the BJP on 29 March 2014 and was forced off any elections he was running in under the party. He lost the election to the candidate put up by his former party.

Singh was born in Jasol, Rajputana Agency, British India. He studied at the Indian Military Academy and at Mayo College.

On 7 August 2014, Singh suffered a fall in the bathroom of his home in New Delhi and suffered a serious head injury. He was hospitalized and was in a coma until his death on 27 September 2020. Singh died of cardiac arrest and multiple organ failure caused by injuries from the fall, aged 82.

Mary Ma

Mary Ma or Ma Xuezheng (; 1952/53 – 31 August 2019) was a Chinese business executive and investor. She was Chief Financial Officer of the computer maker Lenovo. She played a key role in the company's acquisition of IBM's personal computer division in 2005. She was named by Forbes as the world's 57th most powerful woman in that year.

After retiring from Lenovo in 2007, she worked in private equity and co-founded Boyu Capital, which invested in companies such as Alibaba Group and Megvii.

Ma died on 31 August 2019 from pancreatic cancer at the age of 66.

Margaret Beazley

Margaret Joan Beazley, (born 23 July 1951) is an Australian jurist. She is the 39th and current Governor of New South Wales since 2 May 2019. She was the president of the New South Wales Court of Appeal, the first woman to hold the office, from 2013 until February 2019.

Linda Dessau

Linda Marion Dessau (born 8 May 1953) is an Australian jurist and barrister who served as the 29th Governor of Victoria from 2015 to 2023. She is the first female and the first Jewish holder of the office.

She was a judge of the Family Court of Australia from 1995 to 2013.

David de Kretser

David Morritz de Kretser AC (born 27 April 1939) is an Australian medical researcher. He was the 27th Governor of Victoria from 2006 to 2011.

Paul de Jersey

Paul de Jersey, (born 21 September 1948) is an Australian jurist. He was the Governor of Queensland from 2014 until 2021. In November 2018 it was announced that de Jersey's original term had been extended by two years. From 1998 to 2014, he was Chief Justice of Queensland.

Governor of Queensland

The Governor of Queensland is the representative in the state of Queensland of the Queen of Australia. The governor has the power to appoint and dismiss the Premier of Queensland and all other ministers in the cabinet, and issue writs for the election of the state parliament.

The current Governor of Queensland, Jeannette Young, was sworn in on 1 November 2021.

Governor of Western Australia

The Governor of Western Australia is the representative in Western Australia of the Queen of Australia, Elizabeth II. 

As with the other governors of the Australian states, the Governor of Western Australia performs constitutional, ceremonial and community functions, including:


The current governor is Kim Beazley. He succeeded Kerry Sanderson, who was the first woman to hold the position, in May 2018.

Kim Beazley

Kim Christian Beazley, AC (born 14 December 1948), is an Australian politician. He is the Governor of Western Australia since May 2018.

He was the deputy prime minister of Australia and leader of the Opposition. He worked for the Hawke and Keating Governments before later serving as Ambassador to the United States.

He is seen by political commentators as the "best Prime Minister Australia never had".

Malcolm McCusker

Malcolm James McCusker (born 6 August 1938) is an Australian barrister and philanthropist. He was the 31st Governor of Western Australia from July 2011 to June 2014.

Ken Michael

Kenneth Comninos Michael (born 12 April 1938) an Australian civil engineer and politician. He was the 30th Governor of Western Australia from 2006 to 2011.

Governor of South Australia

The Governor of South Australia is the representative in the Australian state of South Australia of Elizabeth II, Queen of Australia. The Governor performs the same constitutional and ceremonial functions at the state level as does the Governor-General of Australia at the national level. 

The current governor is Frances Adamson. The Governor's official residence is Government House, in Adelaide, the state's capital.

Governor of Tasmania

The Governor of Tasmania is the representative in the Australian state of Tasmania of Elizabeth II, Queen of Australia. The Governor performs the same constitutional and ceremonial functions at the state level as the Governor-General of Australia does at the national level.

The official residence of the Governor is Government House located at the Queens Domain.

The first Australian-born Governor of Tasmania was Sir Stanley Burbury (appointed 1973). The first Tasmanian-born governor was Sir Guy Green (appointed 1995). 

In May 2021, Premier Peter Gutwein announced that Barbara Baker would replace Kate Warner as governor of Tasmania on 16 June 2021. 

Vicki O'Halloran

Vicki Susan O'Halloran, (born 20 June 1964), is an Australian businesswoman and community worker. She was CEO of Somerville Community Services in the Northern Territory from 1998 to 2017. On 31 October 2017, she was sworn in as the 22nd Administrator of the Northern Territory, replacing John Hardy.

Eric Hutchinson (politician)

Eric Russell Hutchinson (born 19 June 1965) is a former Australian politician. He represented the Division of Lyons in the Australian House of Representatives from September 2013 to July 2016 as a member of the Liberal Party of Australia. He is the Administrator of Norfolk Island since April 2017.

Administrator of Norfolk Island

The Administrator of Norfolk Island acts as a representative both of The Crown and of the Government of Australia, as well as carrying out other duties according to the "Norfolk Island Amendment Act 2015". 

Since its construction in 1829, Government House located in KAVHA, Kingston has been the residence of the governors, commandants, and administrators of Norfolk Island.

Australian Indian Ocean Territories

Australian Indian Ocean Territories is the name since 1995 of an administrative unit under the Australian Department of Infrastructure, Transport, Regional Development and Local Government, consisting of two islands groups in the Indian Ocean under Australian sovereignty:

This does not include Heard and McDonald Islands, or islands close to Antarctica in the Indian Ocean and administered by Australia.


Natasha Griggs

Natasha Louise Griggs (born 24 January 1969) is a former Australian politician. Since 5 October 2017, Griggs has been the Administrator of the Australian Indian Ocean Territories since October 2017.

Ronald Harvey (administrator)

Ronald George "Ron" Harvey, (born 9 June 1934) is a former senior Australian public servant and sport administrator. He was the third Director of the Australian Institute of Sport from 1987 until 1989. He was the Administrator of the Australian Indian Ocean Territories from 1997 through 1998.

Bill Taylor (naval officer)

Commodore William Leonard Taylor (born 14 September 1938) was an Australian naval officer and politician. He was born in Toowoomba, Queensland. He was the Administrator of the Australian Indian Ocean Territories from 1999 through 2003. He was a member of the Australian Parliament for Groom between April 1988 through August 1998.

Adrianus Johannes Simonis

Adrianus Johannes Simonis (26 November 1931 – 2 September 2020) was a Dutch Cardinal of the Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Utrecht from 1983 to 2007, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1985. He was born in Lisse, Netherlands.

In 2010, Simonis was accused of protecting priests who were accused of molesting and sexually abusing minors.

Simonis died on 2 September 2020 in Voorhout, Netherlands at the age of 88.

José Freire Falcão

José Freire Falcão (; 23 October 1925 – 26 September 2021) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic cardinal. He was the Archbishop of Brasília. He was also the Cardinal-Priest of San Luca a Via Prenestina when he was made a cardinal in 1988. He was born in Ererê, Brazil.

Freire Falcão died on 26 September 2021 at a hospital in Brasilia, Brazil from COVID-19, aged 95.

Henryk Gulbinowicz

Henryk Roman Gulbinowicz (17 October 1923 – 16 November 2020) was a Polish prelate of the Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Wrocław from 1976 to 2004. Pope John Paul II made him a cardinal in 1985. Gulbinowicz was born in Wilno, Second Polish Republic.

Gulbinowicz died on 16 November 2020 in Wrocław, Poland from respiratory and heart failure caused by pneumonia, aged 97.

Jozef Tomko

Jozef Tomko (11 March 1924 – 8 August 2022) was a Slovak Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Prefect of the Congregation for the Evangelization of Peoples from 1985 to 2001, and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1985.

Tomko became the oldest living member of the College of Cardinals in July 2021, after the death of Albert Vanhoye.

Tomko died on 8 August 2022 from problems caused by a fall in Rome, Italy at the age of 98.

Paul Poupard

Paul Joseph Jean Poupard (born 30 August 1930) is a French prelate of the Catholic Church. He has been a Cardinal since 1985. He held job of the Roman Curia for more than 25 years, was President of the Pontifical Council for Culture from 1988 to 2007 and briefly as President of the Pontifical Council for Interreligious Dialogue. Poupard was born in Bouzillé, Maine-et-Loire.


Friedrich Wetter

Friedrich Wetter (born 20 February 1928) is a German cardinal of the Catholic Church. He was Archbishop of Munich and Freising, Germany, from 1982 to 2007. He was Bishop of Speyer from 1968 to 1982. Pope John Paul II made him a cardinal in 1985. Wetter was born in Landau (Rhineland-Palatinate).

Christian Tumi

Christian Wiyghan Tumi (15 October 1930 – 2 April 2021) was a Cameroonian Cardinal Priest and the Archbishop Emeritus of Douala in the Catholic Church. Tumi is known as "Santi Martiri dell'Uganda a Poggio Ameno". He was made cardinal on 28 June 1988 by Pope John Paul II, Cardinal Tumi was named the Archbishop of Douala on 31 August 1991.

Tumi died on 2 April 2021, aged 90.

Alexandre José Maria dos Santos

Alexandre José Maria dos Santos, O.F.M. (18 March 1924 – 29 September 2021) was a Roman Catholic Mozambican cardinal. He was the first native cardinal of Mozambique. 

He was born in Zavala, Mozambique. He was ordained a Roman Catholic priest in 1953. 

He was archbishop of Maputo, between 1975 and 2003. On 26 June 1988 he was created a cardinal by Pope John Paul II, and given the titular church of San Frumenzio ai Prati Fiscali.

Santos died on 29 September 2021 at the age of 97.

Peter Lindbergh

Peter Lindbergh, born Peter Brodbeck (23 November 1944 – 3 September 2019), was a German photographer and movie director. He was known for his cinematic images. His best known movie works were "Models, The Film" (1991); "Inner Voices" (1999), which won the Best Documentary Award at the Toronto International Film Festival (TIFF) in 2000; "Pina Bausch, Der Fensterputzer" (2001) and "Everywhere at Once" (2008).

Lindbergh died on 3 September 2019 at the age of 74.


Editorial

An editorial, leading article (US) or leader (UK), is an article written by the senior editors of a newspaper or magazine. The article is often unsigned. Australian and major United States newspapers, such as "The New York Times" and "The Boston Globe", often give editorials the heading "opinion".

Editorials can also be in the form of a cartoon.

The editors decide on which issues their readers will want to know the newspaper's opinion.

Editorials are usually published on a special page, called the editorial page. This often features letters to the editor from members of the public. The page opposite this page is called the op-ed page (opposite the editorial); and has opinion pieces by writers not employed by the publication. However, a newspaper may choose to publish an editorial on the front page. In the English-language press, this occurs rarely and only on topics considered very important; it is more common, however, in some European countries such as Spain, Italy, and France.

Many newspapers do not put the name of the author on the editorial. Tom Clark, editorial writer for "The Guardian", argues that it helps readers discuss the issue, not the author. On the other hand, an editorial does reflect the position of a newspaper and the head of the newspaper, the editor, is known by name. Whilst the editor will often not write the editorial themselves, they maintain oversight and retain responsibility.

When "The Press", a New Zealand newspaper based in Christchurch, changed after 157 years from broadsheet to compact in 2018, they published a list of editorials where current thinking differs from opinions expressed at the time. One example was the change in their view on women's suffrage in New Zealand. The government gave women the vote in 1893, and the editorial said that women would "much prefer staying at home and attending to their household duties" than going to the polling booths.

In fashion publishing, the term is often used to refer to "photo"-editorials. These are often full-page photographs on a particular theme, designer, model or other single topic, with or (as in a photo-essay) without accompanying text.



Southwest Chief

The Southwest Chief (formerly the Southwest Limited and Super Chief) is a passenger train operated by Amtrak. It is on a route that goes through the Midwestern and Southwestern United States. It goes between Chicago, Illinois and Los Angeles, California, going through Illinois, Iowa, Missouri, Kansas, Colorado, New Mexico, Arizona and California.

During fiscal year 2018, the "Southwest Chief" carried 331,239 passengers. This was 8.8 percent less than it was from FY 2017. The route grossed $43,184,176 in revenue during FY 2018. This was 3.8 percent less than it was from FY 2017. Amtrak had plans for replacing the route between Albuquerque, New Mexico and Dodge City, Kansas with bus service. As of October 2018, these plans were canceled.


Non-voting members of the United States House of Representatives

Non-voting members of the United States House of Representatives (called either delegates or resident commissioner, in the case of Puerto Rico) are representatives of their territory in the House of Representatives, but they can't vote on legislation in the full House. However, they are able to take part in certain other House activities. Non-voting members may vote in a House committee they are a member in, and they can introduce legislation. There are currently six non-voting members: a delegate representing the federal district of Washington D.C., a resident commissioner representing Puerto Rico, and one delegate for each of the other four US Territories with people: American Samoa, Guam, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the US Virgin Islands. A seventh delegate, representing the Cherokee Nation, has been formally proposed but not yet seated. Non-voting delegates are elected every two years. The Resident Commissioner of Puerto Rico is elected every four years.


Jack Cust

Jack Cust is a retired professional major league baseball player. He played for the Oakland Athletics.

A. James Gregor

Anthony James Gregor (April 2, 1929 – August 30, 2019) was an American educator, historian and political scientist. He was the Professor of Political Science Emeritus at the University of California, Berkeley who was well known for his research on fascism, Marxism, and national security. Gregor was born in New York City.

Gregor died on August 30, 2019 at the age of 90.


Blanca Fernández Ochoa

Blanca Fernández Ochoa (22 April 1963 – 24 August 2019) was a World Cup alpine ski racer. She was born in Madrid, Spain. She competed in four Winter Olympics, from 1980 through 1992. She won a bronze medal in 1992.

Fernández Ochoa was reported as missing on 23 August 2019 and found dead on 4 September 2019 near La Peñota, in the Guadarrama Mountains. She was 56. 

Joana Sainz García

Joana Sainz Garcia (1989 – September 1, 2019) was a Spanish singer, dancer, and songwriter from Madrid, Spain. She was killed in a stage explosion in September 2019.

Sainz was raised in Santander, a port city on Spain’s north coast in the Cantabria region. She later moved to Suances, also in Cantabria. "The first time I saw her, when she came, I realized her virtues. She was a girl with a lot of energy, with a lot of desire. From the beginning, I saw her a dancer,” Sainz' teacher, Marta Rojo, told "El Espanol". Rojo remembered that Sainz started formal dance training in 2010. 

Sainz was the principal dancer and chief choreographer of Spain’s Super Hollywood Orchestra. The group were known for their exciting performances which used many special effects, including fireworks.

Joana Sainz died on September 1, 2019 while performing in front of an audience of 1000 people, at a four day music festival at Las Berlanas. A pyrotechnic device used during the performance exploded next to her. She was struck in the stomach by a faulty cartridge used in the pyrotechnic device.

Western pattern diet

The Western pattern diet, also called standard American diet, is a modern eating pattern. In the Western diet like fast food, processed meat, red meat, butter, fried foods, high-fat dairy products, refined grains, high fructose corn syrup and certain sugary drinks is common. The modern Western diet came by way of fundamental lifestyle changes after the Neolithic and Industrial Revolutions.

The opposite is a healthy diet. Healthy diets have higher servings of fruit, nuts, fish, poultry and vegetables.

A Western pattern diet is associated with an increased risk of being overweight or obese and diabetes mellitus.

Yōhei Kōno

Kōno was speaker for the longest length since the set up of House of Representatives in 1890.
He was the president of the Japan Association of Athletics Federations from 1999 to 2013.

Kōzō Watanabe (Democratic Party politician)

He was born in Tajima, Fukushima. He was elected to the first of his two terms in the assembly of Fukushima Prefecture in 1959 and then to the House of Representatives for the first time in 1969 as an independent. He later joined the Liberal Democratic Party and eventually the DPJ.

Duke of Edinburgh

The Duke of Edinburgh, after the city of Edinburgh, is a substantive title. It has been created three times for members of the British royal family since 1726. The current holder is Prince Edward.

Alison Cheek

Alison Mary Cheek (April 11, 1927 – September 1, 2019) was an Australian-born American religious leader. She was known for being one of the first women ordained in the Episcopal Church and the first woman to publicly celebrate the Eucharist in that denomination. Cheek was born in Adelaide, South Australia.

Cheek died at her home in Brevard, North Carolina on September 1, 2019 at the age of 92.

Brevard, North Carolina

Brevard is a city in Transylvania County, North Carolina, United States, with a population of 7,744 as of the 2020 Census. It is the county seat of Transylvania County.

Transylvania County, North Carolina

Transylvania County is a county in the U.S. state of North Carolina. At the 2020 census, the population was 32,986. Its county seat is Brevard.

Edgardo Andrada

Edgardo Norberto Andrada, better known as Edgardo Andrada, or simply Andrada (January 2, 1939 – September 4, 2019) was an Argentine professional footballer. He played as a goalkeeper for several top level Argentine and Brazilian clubs. He played for the Rosario Central, Vasco and the national team. Andrada was born in Rosario, Santa Fe province.

Andrada died on September 4, 2019 in Rosario at the age of 80.

Anwar al-Awlaki

Anwar al-Awlaki (also spelled al-Aulaqi, al-Awlaqi; "Anwar al-‘Awlaqī"; April 21/22, 1971 – September 30, 2011) was a Yemeni-American imam. He was a known recruiter and motivational speaker representing al-Qaeda.

Al-Awlaki became the first U.S. citizen to be targeted and killed by a U.S. drone strike without the rights of due process. President Barack Obama ordered the strike.

On January 29, 2017, al-Awlaki's 8-year-old daughter, Nawar Al-Awlaki, was killed in a U.S. commando attack in Yemen that was ordered by President Donald Trump. He was known as the "bin Laden of the Internet" for positing pro al-Qaeda speeches on the internet.

After a request from the U.S. Congress, in November 2010, Google removed many of al-Awlaki's videos from its websites. According to "The New York Times", al-Awlaki's public statements and videos have been more influential in inspiring acts of terrorism after his killing than before his death.

Drone strike

A drone strike is an attack by one or more unmanned combat aerial vehicles or weaponized commercial unmanned aerial vehicles (UAV). It usually involves firing a missile or releasing a bomb at a target. The drone may be equipped with such weapons as guided bombs, cluster bombs, incendiary devices, air-to-surface missiles, air-to-air missiles, anti-tank guided missiles or other types of precision-guided munitions. 

Since the post-9/11 era, the United States have used drone strikes in such countries as Afghanistan, Pakistan, Syria, Iraq, Somalia, and Yemen using air-to-surface missiles.

Drones strikes are used for targeted killings by several countries. Drone strikes are used to in also, but also cause significant civilian casualties and often are directed at dissidents and journalists inconvenient for their users. 

Giuliana Rancic

Giuliana Rancic (; née DePandi; born August 17, 1974) is an Italian-American entertainment reporter, businesswoman, and television personality. She is a co-anchor of E! News.

In Chicago and Washington, D.C., Rancic and her husband Bill Rancic own a resturant chain titled: "RPM Steak", "RPM Italian" and "RPM on the Water".

Rancic is a breast cancer survivor.

Bill Rancic

William Rancic (; born May 16, 1971) is an American businessman, author, television personality and philanthropist. He was the first candidate hired by The Trump Organization at the conclusion of the first season of Donald Trump's reality television show, "The Apprentice".

Rancic owns several restaurants mainly in Chicago and Washington, D.C. which include "RPM Italian", "RPM Steak" and "RPM on the Water".

He is married to E! News host Giuliana Rancic.

Albert Vanhoye

Albert Vanhoye, SJ (24 July 1923 – 29 July 2021) was a French priest of the Society of Jesus (the Jesuits) and an exegete. He was created cardinal in 2006.

Vanhoye was the oldest living member of the College of Cardinals at the time of his death.

Vanhoye died on 29 July 2021 in Rome, five days after his 98th birthday.

College of Cardinals

The College of Cardinals, formerly styled the Sacred College of Cardinals, is the body of all cardinals of the Catholic Church. Its current membership is 214. Cardinals are appointed by the Pope for life. 

Hugh Scott

Hugh Doggett Scott Jr. (November 11, 1900 – July 21, 1994) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He represented Pennsylvania in the United States House of Representatives and the United States Senate. He was Senate Minority Leader from 1969 to 1977.

Scott died at his home in Falls Church, Virginia on July 21, 1994 from cardiac arrest at the age of 93.

Russell B. Long

Russell Billiu Long (November 3, 1918 – May 9, 2003) was an American Democratic politician. He was the United States Senator from Louisiana from 1948 until 1987. He was chairman of the Senate Finance Committee for fifteen years from 1966 to 1981.

Long was the son of Louisiana governor and U.S. senator Huey Long. He worked during the administrations of eight U.S. presidents from Truman to Reagan.

Long died at his home in Washington, D.C. of heart failure on May 9, 2003 at the age of 84.

Harry F. Byrd

Harry Flood Byrd Sr. (June 10, 1887 – October 20, 1966) was an American newspaper publisher and political leader of the Democratic Party. H was Governor of Virginia from 1926 until 1930. He was then a United States Senator from 1933 until 1965. He was a critic of President Franklin Delano Roosevelt, largely blocking most liberal legislation after 1937.

His son Harry Jr. replaced him as U.S. Senator, but ran as an Independent following the decline of the Byrd Organization.

Although Byrd never announced as a presidential candidate, he received many votes in the 1956 presidential election and 15 electoral votes in the 1960 election.

Byrd died in Berryville, Virginia on October 20, 1966 at the age of 79.

Ernest McFarland

Ernest William "Mac" McFarland (October 9, 1894 – June 8, 1984) was an American politician. He is the only Arizonan to serve in the highest office in all three branches of Arizona government, two at the state level, one at the federal level.

He was a Democratic Senator from Arizona from 1941 to 1953 (Majority Leader from 1951 to 1953) before he was the tenth governor of Arizona from 1955 to 1959. Finally, McFarland sat as Chief Justice on the Arizona Supreme Court in 1968.


Sam Nunn

Samuel Augustus Nunn Jr. (born September 8, 1938) is an American politician. He was a United States Senator from Georgia (1972 – 1997) as a member of the Democratic Party.

When he left the United States Senate, he made the Nuclear Threat Initiative with Ted Turner. It is a group that works to stop Nuclear War. His experience made Barack Obama and John Kerry think about making him their Vice President.


Paul Fannin

Paul Jones Fannin (January 29, 1907January 13, 2002) was an American businessman and politician. He was a Republican. He was a U.S. Senator from Arizona from 1965 to 1977. He was the 11th Governor of Arizona from 1959 to 1965.

Fannin died of a stroke in Phoenix, Arizona on January 13, 2002 at the age of 94.

Daniele Raffaelli

Daniele Raffaelli (born 5 April 1977 in Rome) is an Italian voice actor. He is known for his roles as Shinji Ikari in the "Neon Genesis Evangelion" original Italian dub.

Styles Bridges

Henry Styles Bridges (September 9, 1898November 26, 1961) was an American teacher, editor, and Republican Party politician. He was the 63rd Governor of New Hampshire before a twenty-four-year career in the United States Senate.

Bridges died of a heart attack in Concord, New Hampshire on November 26, 1961 at the age of 63.


Pembroke, Maine

Pembroke is a town in Washington County, Maine, United States. The population was 788 at the 2020 census.

Valentina Mari

Valentina Mari (Rome, 1978) is an Italian voice actress.

She is known for her roles as Rei Ayanami and Yui Ikari in the original Italian dub of "Neon Genesis Evangelion".

William Knowland

William Fife Knowland (June 26, 1908 – February 23, 1974) was an American politician, newspaper publisher, and Republican Party leader. He was a U.S. Senator representing California from 1945 to 1959. He was Senate Majority Leader from August 1953 to January 1955 after the death of Robert A. Taft. In 1958, he made a failed run for Governor of California.

On February 23, 1974, Knowland shot himself in the head at his summer home near Guerneville, California at the age of 65. He died owing over $900,000 to banks and impatient mobsters.

 Retrieved on 2008-02-09

Leverett Saltonstall

Leverett A. Saltonstall (September 1, 1892June 17, 1979) was an American lawyer and politician. He was the 55th Governor of Massachusetts, and for more than twenty years as a United States Senator (1945–1967). He was the only member of the Republican Senate leadership to vote for the censure of Joseph McCarthy.

Massimo Corvo

Massimo Corvo (born July 9, 1959 in Rome) is an Italian actor and voice actor. He is the voice of Gendo Ikari in the original Italian dub of Neon Genesis Evangelion.

 

Kenneth S. Wherry

Kenneth Spicer Wherry (February 28, 1892November 29, 1951) was an American businessman, attorney, and politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was a U.S. Senator from Nebraska from 1943 until his death in 1951. He was the minority leader for the last two years.

Paul Tsongas

Paul Efthemios Tsongas (; February 14, 1941January 18, 1997) was an American politician. He represented Massachusetts in both the United States House of Representatives and in the United States Senate from 1975 to 1985. 

He won eight states as a candidate in the 1992 Democratic presidential primaries, losing the nomination to Bill Clinton.

Tsongas was diagnosed with non-Hodgkin lymphoma in 1983 and retired in 1984. He returned to politics after undergoing a successful bone marrow transplant. He experienced early success in the 1992 Democratic presidential primaries, winning the New Hampshire primary, but withdrew from the race in March 1992 and endorsed Clinton.

Tsongas died in Lowell, Massachusetts on January 18, 1997 of complications from pneumonia and non-Hodgkin lymphoma at the age of 55.

List of Neon Genesis Evangelion characters

This is a list of characters in the anime Neon Genesis Evangelion



Paul Trible

Paul Seward Trible Jr. (born December 29, 1946) is an American attorney and Republican politician. He was in the U.S. House of Representatives for three terms (1977 – 1983) and the U.S. Senate for one term (1983 – 1989).


Chuck Robb

Charles Spittal Robb (born June 26, 1939) is an American politician. He was an officer in the United States Marine Corps. He was the 64th Governor of Virginia from 1982 to 1986, and as a United States senator from 1989 until 2001. 

In 2004, he co-chaired the Iraq Intelligence Commission.

He has been married to Lynda Bird Johnson Robb since 1967. She is the daughter of President Lyndon B. Johnson and First Lady Lady Bird Johnson.


Laurence Silberman

Laurence Hirsch Silberman (October 12, 1935 – October 2, 2022) was a Senior United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. He was appointed in October 1985 by Ronald Reagan and took senior status on November 1, 2000. 

On June 11, 2008, Silberman was named a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the highest civilian honor granted by the government of the United States.

Silberman died on October 2, 2022, ten days before his 87th birthday in Washington, D.C. from an infection.

George Allen (American politician)

George Felix Allen (born March 8, 1952) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was the 67th Governor of Virginia from 1994 to 1998 and as a United States Senator from Virginia from 2001 to 2007.

Ilaria Latini

Ilaria Latini (Rome,1972) is an Italian voice actress.

Daughter of voice actor Franco Latini, she is the voice of Asuka Soryu Langley in the original Italian dub of Neon Genesis Evangelion.



George Aiken

George David Aiken (August 20, 1892November 19, 1984) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was the 64th Governor of Vermont (1937–1941) before becoming a member of the United States Senate for 34 years, from 1941 to 1975.

Aiken died at a nursing home in Montpelier, Vermont of a stroke on November 19, 1984 at the age of 92.

Frank Moss (politician)

Frank Edward "Ted" Moss (September 23, 1911 – January 29, 2003) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was a United States Senator from Utah from 1959 to 1977.

Nicoletta Costa

Nicoletta Costa (born 1953 in Trieste) is an Italian writer and cartoonist. She writes children's books.

Earle Clements

Earle Chester Clements (October 22, 1896 – March 12, 1985) was an American farmer and Democratic politician. He represented the state of Kentucky in both the U.S. House of Representatives and the U.S. Senate and was its 47th Governor from 1947 to 1950.

Marcello Boasso

Marcello Boasso (Turin, January 16, 1902 - El Palomar, February 17th, 1960) was an Italian-Argentine composer and pianist.

Happy Chandler

Albert Benjamin "Happy" Chandler Sr. (July 14, 1898 – June 15, 1991) was an American politician. He represented Kentucky in the U.S. Senate and was its 44th and 49th Governor.

Chandler was the second Commissioner of Baseball from 1945 to 1951 and was added into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1982. 

His grandson, Ben Chandler, later was congressman for Kentucky's Sixth District.

Governor of Kentucky

The Governor of the Commonwealth of Kentucky is the head of the executive branch of government in the Commonwealth of Kentucky. 

Fifty-seven men and one woman have served as Governor of Kentucky. The governor's term is four years in length; since 1992, incumbents have been able to seek re-election once before becoming ineligible for four years. 

Kentucky is one of only five U.S. states that hold gubernatorial elections in odd-numbered years. The current governor is Andy Beshear, who was first elected in 2019.

Andy Beshear

Andrew Graham Beshear (born November 29, 1977) is an American politician and attorney serving as the 63rd governor of Kentucky since 2019. He was the 50th attorney general of Kentucky from 2016 to 2019. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He is the son of Steve Beshear, the 61st governor of Kentucky. 

Beshear was elected as attorney general in 2015. He was the Democratic nominee for governor in the 2019 election. He beat incumbent Governor Matt Bevin on November 5, 2019 by less than 5,000 votes.

Beshear was reelected to a second term in 2023 by a larger margin of 5%, becoming only the fourth incumbent governor in Kentucky history to win a second consecutive term. 

Ernie Fletcher

Ernest Lee Fletcher (born November 12, 1952) is an American physician and politician. 

In 1998, he was elected to the first of three terms in the United States House of Representatives. He resigned in 2003 after being elected the 60th Governor of Kentucky and served until 2007. He is a member of the Republican Party.


Dai Tielang

Dai Tielang (; 17 October 1930 – 4 September 2019) was a Singaporean-born Chinese animator. He was best known for directing "Black Cat Detective" (1984–1987). He worked in Shanghai Animation Film Studio. His other works include "Where is Mama" (1960) and "A Deer of Nine Colors" (1981).

Dai died on 4 September 2019 in Hangzhou, Zhejiang, China of multiple organ failure at the age of 88.


Josuke Higashikata

Josuke Higashikata is a character from the manga and anime "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure". He is the main character of the fourth part of the manga and anime "Diamond is Unbreakable", where is revealed he is the bastard son of Joseph Joestar, who cheated on his wife with a young Japanese woman, Tomoko Higashikata. Because of this, he is the uncle of Jotaro Kujo, from Part 3, "Stardust Crusaders". Josuke is a young, but tall Japanese student with a golden heart, living in the fictional Japanese town of Morioh. During the series he fight several enemies with the help of Jotaro and befriends Koichi Hirose and Okuyasu Nijimura. His stand is called "Crazy Diamond", a tribute to the Pink Floyd's song. It has the ability to heal wounds and restore objects. However it can't heal Josuke's own wounds. He can also survive painful deaths like the from last season in part 4 finale.

Takehito Koyasu

Takehito Koyasu (子安 武人 "Koyasu Takehito") (born May 5, 1967) is a Japanese voice actor and singer.

When he dubs hentai, he uses the pseudonym of Hayato Jumonji.

He is the voices for Dio Brando in "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure" and Shigeru Aoba in "Neon Genesis Evangelion".

Dio Brando

Dio Brando or DIO is a recurring character and main antagonist in the manga and anime series "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure". After killing his father, he was adopted into the Joestar family, where he lived with his newfound adoptive brother, Jonathan Joestar.

In Phantom Blood, after killing his father, Dario, he is adopted by the english nobleman Lord Joestar. He became the brother of Jonathan Joestar, nicknamed "JoJo".
His first goal is to make the life of his adoptive brother terrible, killing his pet dog Danny, and kissing his girlfriend Erina Pendelton.
During Phantom Blood he discovers the hidden power of the stone mask, a mysterious object from Mexico. Meanwhile, he is slowly killing his adoptive father. Later on, his plan is discovered by Jonathan. Three days later, Dio kills Lord Joestar, puts on the stone mask, and becomes a vampire.
After this event, Dio founded an army of zombies and chimera creatures, only to be later defeated by Jonathan Joestar with the power of Hamon. 
He supposedly dies with JoJo on the honeymoon of the brother.

He reappears in part three as an adult and uses his stand, The World, which can stop time and has high speed, similar to Star Platinum.

At the end of part 3, Dio is killed by Jotaro Kujo.

It is later revealed in part 6, Stone Ocean, that Dio had written a diary that contained "The path to Heaven" (Instructions on how to attain "Heaven"), Jotaro discovers this, reads its contents and then burns it. Father Pucci, wants to find the contents of this book, in order to evolve his stand C-Moon, an evolved version of his initial stand Whitesnake, into Made In Heaven (MIH).

Marco Balzarotti

Marco Balzarotti (born 2 March 1957) is an Italian voice actor. 

He is the Italian voice of Dio Brando from "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure".

Arale Norimaki

Arale is a fictional character from the manga Dr. Slump, created by Akira Toriyama.
She is a robot created by Senbe Norimaki, nicknamed "Dr. Slump". Her appareance is that of a young girl with glasses, because despite being a robot she is shorstsighted. She is very powerful, capable of destroying the Earth with one single punch on the ground.
She also apparead in Dragon Ball and Dragon Ball Super.

Umberto Saba

Umberto Saba (9 March 1883 – 26 August 1957), or Umberto Poli was an Italian poet and novelist. He was born in Trieste.

James Henry Lane (Union General)

James Henry Lane, also known as Jim Lane, (June 22, 1814 – July 11, 1866) was a partisan during the Bleeding Kansas period. It was right before the American Civil War. During the war itself, Lane was a United States Senator, and he was a general for the Union. Although reelected as a Senator during 1865, Lane committed suicide the next year.

Lane was born in Lawrenceburg, Indiana. He was the son of Amos Lane.

He was a U.S. congressman from Indiana (1853–1855) where he voted for the Kansas–Nebraska Act.

On June 3, 1858, Lane shot and killed Gaius Jenkins in a land dispute in Lawrence. Reports say Jenkins was coming to get water from a well on the disputed land. Jenkins was reported to have been showing a revolver. Lane had a shotgun. One of the men with Jenkins shot Lane in the leg, and Lane shot back killing Jenkins.

On July 1, 1866 Lane shot himself in the head as he jumped from his carriage in Leavenworth, Kansas.

The following places were named in honor of him:


Virgilio Giotti

Virgil Schönbeck (15 January 1885 – 21 September 1957), known by his pen name Virgilio Giotti, was an Italian poet. He wrote in both Italian and in the Triestine dialect.

Banff, Alberta

Banff is a town within Banff National Park in Alberta, Canada. It is located in Alberta's Rockies along the Trans-Canada Highway, approximately west of Calgary and east of Lake Louise. At above Banff is the community with the second highest elevation in Alberta, after Lake Louise.


Kenora

Kenora, originally named Rat Portage (), is a small city on the Lake of the Woods in Northwestern Ontario, Canada, close to Manitoba, and about east of Winnipeg. It is the seat of Kenora District.



Supply chain

A supply chain moves a product or service from supplier to customer. It is the people, activities, information, and resources which move the product.

Supply chain activities transform natural resources, raw materials, and components into a finished product that is delivered to the end user or customer. The term is most used in business and finance. In short, the supply chain is an illustration of the different activities carried on in given transit of goods.

More than 9000 people still ask this question on Google search, despite Supply Chain Management (SCM) was introduced in early 1980s (Oliver and Webber, 1982) but it’s has been growing in importance since the early 1990s.

History and Evolution of Supply Chain and Logistics, the author have explained chronological evolution of the concepts of logistics and the supply chain implies the existence of 7 distinct and important phases of as explained below.


Kiran Nagarkar

Kiran Nagarkar (1942 – 5 September 2019) was an Indian novelist, playwright, critic and screenwriter. He was born in Mumbai. His best known works are "Saat Sakkam Trechalis" (tr. "Seven Sixes Are Forty Three") (1974), "Ravan and Eddie" (1994), and the epic novel, "Cuckold" (1997) for which he was awarded the 2001 Sahitya Akademi Award.

Nagarkar died on 5 September 2019 from a cerebral hemorrhage in Mumbai at the age of 77.

Patrick Dehornoy

Patrick Dehornoy (September 11, 1952 – September 4, 2019) was a French mathematician.

He worked at the University of Caen. He found one of the first applications of large cardinals to algebra. This was called the Dehornoy order, on the braid group. He was one of the main workers to the development of Garside methods in group theory.

His works helped solved the word problem of general Artin–Tits groups.

Dehornoy died on September 4, 2019 in Caen, France at the age of 66.

Manuel Heredia (politician)

Jose Manuel Heredia Jr. (born 29 September 1954, San Pedro Town) is a Belizean politician. He is a Member of the Belize House of Representatives for Belize Rural South since 5 March 2003. He is also the Minister of Tourism since 8 February 2008, from 8 February 2008 to 8 March 2012 he was Minister of Civil Aviation in Belize. After the 2012 General Election and the reshuffle of cabinet, he was appointed to the Culture portfolio which made Minister of Tourism and Minister of Culture. He served as Minister of Culture 8 March 2012 to March 2018. Another cabinet reshuffle occured in 2018 and Heredia was appointed again as Minister of Civil Aviation.

Jose Manuel Heredia Jr was born on a bright sunny September 29, 1951 in San Pedro Town to Manuel Heredia Sr and Rosita Heredia. He was born into a family of four girls and three boys and grew up enjoying the clear waters surrounding La Isla Bonita. When he was a child, Heredia went canoeing out to the sea, fishing and snorkeling in Caribbean Sea. Those were his favourite activities to do in his past time.

For his Primary education, Heredia attended San Pedro Roman Catholic School, now known as the San Pedro police station. He studied there from 1961 to 1966, he was appointed as a Student Councillor in 1962 and served in that role until he graduated. The two story wooden building provided him with a sound education. On Reconition Day he was awarded the “Most Compassionate Student” and ”Most Contributive Student” Award. After successfully completing his studies there he attended Saint John’s College High School (SJCHS) for his Secondary education in Belize City and studied there from 1967 to 1970. Heredia’s entire family made the move to the City. At SJCHS, Heredia studied Industrial Arts in 1969 and 1970 and was specialised in Welding. Heredia was again appointed as a Student Councillor in 1968 and after an unprecedented service, was appointed to the Student Council Executive Committee (EXCO) the following year serving as the Head of Games and Events. He proudly graduated in 1970, winning four awards.

After graduating, Heredia moved back to the island and began fishing with his Uncle, Francisco Arceo . Arceo was the Father of Heredia’s Cousin and Long-time rival Patty Arceo. Arceo and Heredia fished for four months, until he heard of a great opportunity in Landyville in the Mainland. Bowen and Brown Distributers were planning to build their beer (Belikin) Factory and were in need of welders. Since he had majored in Welding, Heredia decided to take advantage of the opportunity and made the move to the Mainland where he remained for 14 months. With the ball in his court, Heredia along with others struggled to weld but in the end they manage to complete the project in time. After the project’s completion, the manager of the Factory offered Him a job as a Maintainace worker but Heredia chose to move back to San Pedro Town.

He returned to the Island In January 1972 and opened his own Welding shop on Prescador Drive and eventually became the manager of that shop. Due to his stellar experience in the Fishing industry, Heredia was appointed as the Director of the Caribeña Cooperative which he served for 30 years, he still had his passion for the open sea and went out on fishing trips with Guillermo Nunez and/or Severo Castillo at least once a week their catches were then sold to the Cooperative.

On 25 November 1975, only one short month after The Lions Club was formed in San Pedro Town.

Pablo Marin

Pablo Saul Marin (born 1967) is a Belizean politician from Corozal Bay. A member of the United Democratic Party (UDP), he is the Minister of Health in Belize as part of the Cabinet and the Member of the Belize House of Representatives for Corozal Bay constituency, serving in both positions since 8 February 2008, after the UDP won the General election. He received the 2010 United Nations award for his excellence in public service and the prominent role he played in bringing better Health care to Belize. Marin is also a Doctor of Health in Belize.

Pablo Saul Marin was born in 1967 in Corozal Bay, then British Honduras to his Mother and Father. He grew in the same district and still resides there up until today. During his years at Corozal Bay he would often get sick and unwell but that did not stop him from pursuing his Education. Marin is extremely well known in Corozal Bay and has made several friends and comrades in that particular District. He also studied in a Primary school and Secondary school located not to far from his home, his parents wanted this for him so that his time would not be consumed by travelling.

After graduating form High school in 1984, Marin went on to Junior college where he studied Medicine there. He had a strong aspiration to become one of the well-known Doctors in Belize. Marin often study late until the night just to ace his exams in High school. Due to his stellar work in his Junior college and his brilliant attitude towards learning, Marin was appointed as a Student Councillor in 1986 and quickly rose up the ranks to become member of the Student Council Executive Committee (EXCO) serving as its President in 1987. Marin chaired several students in Medicine as well.

Upon graduation from College in 1989, Marin set up his own Clinic in Corozal Bay and first served as a doctor there from 1990 to 1994. Prior to 1994, he was appointed Senior doctor which he served until 2007. During his years as a Doctor, Marin never failed to treat his patients whoever they were and his Clinic became one of the most famous and well-known clinics in Belize.

Marin first joined the UDP in 2007, where he submitted his nomination to contest the 2007 United Democratic Party (UDP) Corozal Bay Standard-bearer convention and election. He was the only UDP Candidate who submitted his nominations in that Convention and therefore, won unopposed. After the Convention concluded, Marin then prepared himself to go head to head against Deputy prime minister, Juan Vildo Marin of the People’s United Party (PUP) in the 2008 general election. Vildo Marin was the Area Representative for Corozal Bay for 19 consecutive years and Marin new that it was not an easy task to turn Corozal Bay Red. Marin came up with multiple Health policies that will woo the Electorate to vote for him. He also toured his Constituency and manage to get a view of how "bad" everything in Corozal Bay was. During the campaign period in the of the 2008 election, Marin proposed better health care solutions as well as improving infrastructure for the people of his Constituency. He also campaigned heavily especially in the urban areas of the Corozal District where there were more Electorate. After a determined Campaign, Marin finally ended his opponent’s Long time political career. Marin finished first to Vildo Marin gaining 59.36% of the vote and 2,467 of the Popular vote.

Going into the 2012 Belizean general election, Marin sought another term as Corozal Bay Area Rep after winning the 2012 United Democratic Party (UDP) Standard-bearer unopposed once again. Marin's main campaign focus was his achievements as Health Minister and the road ahead for the country if having re-elected to his seat. Marin went on to face PUP's Gregorio "Papas" Garcia. However unlike Marin’s previous landslide win in 2008. This time was different. There was a third candidate contesting in Corozal Bay, namely Carlos Javier Sawers of Vision Inspired by the People (VIP). Marin retained his winning streak, winning 50.3% of the vote and 2,340 of the Popular vote.

On 30 May 2012, several babies across Belize due to an outbreak of Inter Bacteria in the Intensive care unit (ICU) at the Cage image. Marin attended a press conference at the Carlie Hugh Memorial Hospital to address about the tragedy. Instead of speaking up at the conference, Marin differed to Prime minister, Dean Barrow to lead. This caused multiple protests across the country.

On 29 June 2013, Marin attended another press conference and took the spotlight this time on the same matter. In opening the press conference he formally apologised to the families who were affected by the tragedy and said he had formulate a team to investigate the outbreak. He also believed that the media have either received or have been given access to the reports on the investigation by the International Consultants which was brought it by the Pan-American health organisation. Marin also said that the Ministry of Health will remain absolutely committed to making all Information available and doing everything possible to make sure that the babies are safe for the future. The report was clearly critical of many areas and made strong recommendation. Marin stated that he will not resign or take overall responsibility about the affair as there was never a report by the media about what Cage image has done. Marin also enforced that all hospitals across Belize are doing the best they can to provide good and quality health care to Belizeans.

After the press conference ended, the PUP issued a press release saying that powers findings point to the Ministry of Health and the hospital's incompetence and lack of accountability.

List of stars in Apus


Francisco Toledo

Francisco Benjamín López Toledo (July 17, 1940 – September 5, 2019) was a Mexican painter, sculptor, and graphic artist. He was born in Juchitán, Oaxaca, Mexico. In 2005, Toledo was awarded Right Livelihood Award. 

Toledo worked in many media, including pottery, sculpture, weaving, graphic arts, and painting. He had exhibitions in Argentina, Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, Spain, the United Kingdom, Belgium, France, Japan, Sweden, the United States, as well as other countries.

Toledo died on September 5, 2019 in Oaxaca, Mexico at the age of 79.


Prime Minister of Zimbabwe

The Prime Minister of Zimbabwe was a political office in the government of Zimbabwe. The first person to hold the position was Robert Mugabe from 1980 to 1987 following independence from the United Kingdom. He took office when Southern Rhodesia became the Republic of Zimbabwe on 18 April 1980. 

This position was abolished when the constitution was amended in 1987 and Mugabe became President of Zimbabwe. The office of Prime Minister was restored in 2009 and held by Morgan Tsvangirai until the position was again abolished by the 2013 Constitution of Zimbabwe.


Gillian Freeman

Gillian Freeman (5 December 1929 – 23 February 2019) was a British writer. Author of The Liberty Man and The Leather Boys. She wrote a lot of books over a period of 50 years, including "The Liberty Man" and "The Leather Boys".

 

President of Zimbabwe

The President of Zimbabwe is the head of state of Zimbabwe. They are elected using a two-round system.

The President is also the head of government. the office of Prime Minister was abolished in 1987. Under the rules adopted by the same referendum, the president serves a maximum of two five-year terms.

Canaan Banana

Canaan Sodindo Banana (5 March 193610 November 2003) was a Zimbabwean Methodist minister, theologian, and politician. He was the first President of Zimbabwe from 1980 to 1987.

On 10 November 2003, Banana died of cancer, in London at the age of 67.

Vice-President of Zimbabwe

The Vice-President of Zimbabwe is the second highest political position obtainable in Zimbabwe. Currently there is a provision for two Vice-Presidents, who are appointed by the President of Zimbabwe. 

The Vice-Presidents are designated as "First" and "Second" in the Constitution of Zimbabwe; the designation reflects their position in the presidential order of succession.



Phelekezela Mphoko

Report Phelekezela Mphoko (born 11 June 1940) is a Zimbabwean politician, diplomat, businessman and former military commander. He was Vice-President of Zimbabwe from 2014 until 2017.

Legally, Mphoko was the acting President of Zimbabwe from 21 to 24 November 2017. However, he was not in the country at the time, so official standing on this is unclear. Mphoko's term as vice-president was ended by President Emmerson Mnangagwa following the dissolution of the cabinet on 27 November 2017.

Tony Fuochi

Antonio Fuochi better known as Tony Fuochi (Milano, 1955-Padova 2022) was an Italian actor active from the late 80's until 2014. He voiced multiple characters from Cartoons and video games.

Benjamin N. Bellis

Benjamin Neil Bellis (February 4, 1924 – August 19, 2019) was an American Air Force lieutenant general. He was vice commander in chief, U.S. Air Forces in Europe, with headquarters at Ramstein Air Base, Germany. He was also commander of the Air Force's Electronic Systems Division. He was born in Wheatland, Wyoming.

Bellis died on August 19, 2019 in Monument, Colorado at the age of 95.


Monument, Colorado

The Town of Monument is a statutory town in El Paso County, Colorado, United States. The town population was 10,399 at the 2020 United States Census.

Marita Lorenz

Ilona Marita Lorenz (18 August 1939 – 31 August 2019) was a German-born American conspiracy theorist. She had an affair with Fidel Castro in 1959 and in January 1960 was involved in an assassination attempt by the CIA on Castro's life.

In the 1970s and 1980s, she testified about the John F. Kennedy assassination saying that she was involved with a group of anti-Cuban militants, including Frank Sturgis, and E. Howard Hunt of CIA and Watergate shortly before the assassination.


Zbigniew Zaleski

Zbigniew Zaleski (29 April 1947 – 31 September 2019) was a Polish politician. He was a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) for the Lublin Voivodship from 2004 through 2009 and again from 2013 through 2014. He was a member of the Civic Platform. He was born in Rogoziniec, Poland.

Zaleski died on 31 September 2019 in Warsaw at the age of 72.

Carol Lynley

Carol Lynley (born Carole Ann Jones; February 13, 1942 – September 3, 2019) was an American actress and model. She was born in Manhattan, New York. Her career began in 1956 and ended in 2006 when she retired. 

Lynley was best known for her movie roles in "Return to Peyton Place", "Under the Yum Yum Tree", "Bunny Lake is Missing", "The Pleasure Seekers", "The Cardinal", and "The Poseidon Adventure", in which she performed the Oscar-winning song "The Morning After". 

Lynley posed nude at age 22 for the March 1965 edition of "Playboy" magazine (pp.108-115).

In 1960, she married Michael Selsman. They had one child. The couple divorced in 1964. Lynley had an 18-year intermittent affair with English broadcaster and writer David Frost.

Lynley died of a heart attack on September 3, 2019 at her home in Pacific Palisades, California at the age of 77.


Helmut Rauch

Helmut Rauch (22 January 1939 – 2 September 2019) was an Austrian physicist. He was specially known for his experiments on neutron interference. In 1979, he became a member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences. He was born in Krems an der Donau, Lower Austria. In 1985, he was awarded the Wilhelm Exner Medal.

Rauch died on 2 September 2019 from a short-illness in Vienna at the age of 80.


Michael Ondaatje

Philip Michael Ondaatje, (; born 12 September 1943), is a Sri Lankan-born Canadian poet, fiction writer, essayist, novelist, editor and filmmaker. 

He has won the Governor General's Award, the Giller Prize, the Booker Prize, and the Prix Médicis étranger. 

Ondaatje is also an Officer of the Order of Canada. He is seen as Canada's most renowned living authors.


The English Patient

The English Patient is a 1992 novel by Michael Ondaatje. The book is about people brought together at an Italian villa during the Italian Campaign of World War II. The four main characters are: a burned English man, his Canadian Army nurse, a Sikh British Army sapper, and a Canadian thief. The book won the 1992 Booker Prize, the 2018 Golden Man Booker, and the Governor General's Award.


Joffrey Ballet

The Joffrey Ballet, is one of the world's leading dance companies. It is based in Chicago, Illinois, USA. The dance company performs both classical ballets and modern dance pieces. Today, the company is based in Chicago, but from its first days in 1956 until 1995, it was based in New York City, USA. Many prominent choreographers have worked with the Joffrey, for example, Paul Taylor, Twyla Tharp, George Balanchine, and Robert Joffrey. The administrative center is in Joffrey Tower. Its dances are held at the Auditorium Theatre, but for 2020 the company had plans to move and begin holding its dances in the Civic Opera House (Chicago) as part of a seven-year rental agreement.

When Robert Joffrey and Gerald Arpino started the company in 1956, they did something different from what other touring ballet companies did. Instead of just performing ballet classics, they had their six dancers dance new ballets by Joffrey. The troupe first performed in a major city in Chicago in 1957. The Joffrey Ballet originally settled in New York City, where joffrey was teaching dance to pay for the company. At that time, it was called the Robert Joffrey Theatre Ballet. The company began touring internationally in 1962. They first toured in the Middle East and Southeast Asia. In 1963, the company performed in the USSR. After some troubles, Joffrey built the company anew in 1965. 

The new company was called the Joffrey Ballet. Following a successful season at the New York City Center in 1966, it was invited to become City Center's resident ballet company with Joffrey as artistic director and Arpino as chief choreographer. In 1973 Joffrey asked Twyla Tharp to create her first commissioned ballet, "Deuce Coupe". The company continued as City Center Joffrey Ballet until 1977. From 1977, it performed as the Joffrey Ballet, with a second home in Los Angeles from (1982-1992). In 1995, the company left New York City and moved to Chicago. At first, the Joffrey had financial difficulties in Chicago. But then it became successful. In 2005 the Joffrey Ballet celebrated its 10th anniversary in Chicago. In 2006 and 2007, it held two-season-long 50th anniversary celebrations. The celebrations included "River to River" tour of free, outdoor performances across Iowa, sponsored by Hancher Auditorium at the University of Iowa.

In 2007 Gerald Arpino retired from day-to-day operations, becoming artistic director emeritus until his death in 2009. In October 2007 former Joffrey dancer Ashley Wheater, assistant artistic director and ballet master for San Francisco Ballet, became the third artistic director.

In 2020, the company was one of a number of Chicago cultural organizations to receive financial support as a response to the COVID-19 pandemic/ That same year, the Joffrey canceled its entire 2020 season due to the pandemic. "In addition, the Joffrey Academy of Dance, Official School of The Joffrey Ballet, and Joffrey Community Engagement . . . shifted to virtual programming until further notice." 


Moran Atias

Moran Atias (; born April 9, 1981) is an Israeli-American actress and model. She was born in Haifa, Israel.

Atias first became known for her roles in the Italian movies "Oggi sposi", and "Mother of Tears". She is best known for her work with in the 2008 TV series "Crash" and the 2013 movie "Third Person". She also starred on the FX television series "Tyrant".

In February 2017, Atias became a naturalized U.S. citizen.

Elena Ceaușescu

Elena Ceaușescu (; "née" Lenuța Petrescu; 7 January 1916 – 25 December 1989) was a Romanian communist politician. She was the wife of Nicolae Ceaușescu, General Secretary of the Romanian Communist Party and leader of the Socialist Republic of Romania. She was also the Deputy Prime Minister of Romania.

She and her husband Nicolae were publicly executed by a firing squad on 25 December 1989.

Viorica Dăncilă

Vasilica Viorica Dăncilă (; born 16 December 1963) is a Romanian politician. She is the was the leader of the Social Democratic Party from May 2019 until November 2019. She was the Prime Minister of Romania from 29 January 2018 through 4 November 2019. 

She is the first woman in Romanian history to hold both the office of Prime Minister and president of the Social Democratic Party.

Belus

In Greek mythology, Belus (Ancient Greek: Βῆλος "Bē̂los") was a king of Egypt and father of Aegyptus and Danaus and (usually) brother to Agenor. 

Redfield, B.G. (1989) "The Concise Dictionary of Mythology", Peerage Books, London, pp. 28 & 30-31.

Bud Day

George Everette "Bud" Day (24 February 1925 – 27 July 2013) was a United States Air Force officer, aviator, and veteran of World War II, Korean War and Vietnam War. He was also a prisoner of war, and recipient of the Medal of Honor and the Air Force Cross. , he is the only person to be awarded both the Medal of Honor and the Air Force Cross. After his death, he was advanced to the rank of brigadier general effective March 27, 2018, as directed by the 2017 National Defense Authorization Act.

Colonel "Bud" Day served 30 months in the South Pacific during WW II as an enlisted member with the US Marine Corps. He served as an Army reservist, and Army guardsman between WW II and Korea, and then in the Air Force during the Vietnam War (3 different services over the span of 3 different wars.) After being shot down on August 26, 1967, and serving 7 years in captivity, Colonel Day was repatriated in 1973. A recipient of virtually every other available combat decoration, he is widely considered the most decorated Airman in history. His autobiography is titled "Return With Honor" and he later expanded upon that book in a second autobiography titled "Duty, Honor, Country."

List of Angels in Neon Genesis Evangelion

The Angels in Neon Genesis Evangelion are mysterious alien beings and the major enemies of the franchise.

Vittorio Guerrieri

Vittorio Guerrieri (born December 23, 1958) is an Italian actor and voice actor. He is known for being the official dubber of Ben Stiller in various movies. He was born in Rome.

Guerrieri is married to voice actress Roberta Greganti.

In Guerrieri's animated roles, he voiced Squit in the Italian dub of "Animaniacs" as well as "Freakazoid" in the Italian dub of the series of the same name.


Alex Polidori

Alex Polidori is an Italian voice actor. He is the younger brother of the voice actor Gabriele Patriarca.

Ken Sugimori

Ken Sugimori (杉森建) (born January 27, 1966) is a Japanese video game designer, illustrator, manga artist, and director.

Kobresia sibirica

Kobresia sibirica, the Siberian bog sedge, is a sedge recently merged in Carex by S.R.Zhang and formerly recognized as Elyna sibirica Turcz.

Salvatore Giunta

Salvatore Augustine Giunta, born January 21 1985, used to be a United States Army soldier, and, in 2010, he received the Army's highest award, the Medal of Honor. He was the first person to get one since the Vietnam War.

Giunta’s received the Medal of Honor for his actions during a fierce battle following an enemy ambush in Afghanistan’s Korengal Valley in October 2007. 

Two U.S. soldiers, Sgt. Joshua Brennan and Spc. Hugo Mendoza, were killed in the attack.

Giunta, then a specialist with Company B, 2nd Battalion (Airborne), 503rd Infantry Regiment, exposed himself to heavy enemy fire to aid a fellow soldier he believed was injured during the ambush.

He engaged the enemy and advanced up a hill alone and under fire. Giunta saw two insurgents carrying away a gravely injured Brennan. Giunta killed one of the insurgents and prevented the enemy from taking Brennan.

MacOS Catalina

MacOS Catalina (version 10.15) is the sixteenth major version of MacOS, Apple Inc.'s desktop operating system for Macintosh computers. It is the successor to macOS Mojave. MacOS Catalina was announced at WWDC 2019 on June 3, 2019. Catalina is the first version of macOS to support only 64-bit applications. It was released as a free update on October 7, 2019.

As of August 2023, it is the most used version of macOS, at 91.16%. 

Node (networking)

A network node is another name for a single computer in a network of other computers.

In telecommunications networks, a node (Latin: nodus, ‘knot’) is either a redistribution point or a communication endpoint. The definition of a node depends on the network and protocol layer referred to. A physical network node is an electronic device that is attached to a network, and is capable of creating, receiving, or transmitting information over a communication channel.[1] A passive distribution point such as a distribution frame or patch panel is consequently not a node.

Suraphol Sombatcharoen

Suraphol Sombatcharoen (, born 25 September 1930 - died 16 August 1968) was a Thai luk thung singer. Dubbed the "King of Luk Thung", he was one of the first major stars of Thailand's own country music genre. He was fatally shot while seated in his own car after a live performance in Nakhon Pathom.
Born in Suphan Buri Province, he chose Suraphol as his stage name. His first hit came in 1954 with "Nam Ta Sao Wieng" ("Tears of a Lao Girl"). It marked the emergence of luk thung, a Thai counterpart to such crooning styles as Japanese enka and Indonesian kroncong, and embodied such influences as Hollywood film music, American country music, Malay pop and Afro-Cuban rhythms.

Enjoying popularity at the same time as Elvis Presley and The Beatles, Suraphol was sometimes called the "Thai Elvis". By the 1960s, there was no Thai performer who was better known than Suraphol Sombatcharoen.

Suraphol composed more than 100 songs. Among his best known are "Sao Suan Taeng" ("The Girl from the Cucumber Field"), "Mong" ("Look"), "Nam Ta Ja Tho" ("The Tears of a Corporal"), "Khong Plom" ("Fake Stuff"), and "Muai Cham" ("Broken-Hearted Chinese Girl").

Shortly before his murder, he released his last and most memorable song, "Siphok Pi Haeng Khwam Lang" ("สิบหกปีแห่งความหลัง" or "16 Years of Our Past"), in which told sadly about the end of his own 16-year marriage, reflecting on both the happiness and bitterness of the union.


List of stars in Lacerta

This is the list of notable stars in the constellation Lacerta. It is sorted by decreasing brightness.


Ji Guobiao

Ji Guobiao (; 1 March 1932 – 5 September 2019) was a Chinese engineer and an academician. He was a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering (CAE). He was seen as a key figure of chemical fiber engineering technology in China.

He died of laryngeal cancer in Beijing, on September 5, 2019 at the age of 87.

Abdul Qadir (cricketer)

Abdul Qadir Khan (, 15 September 1955 – 6 September 2019) was a Pakistani international cricketer. His main role was as a leg spin bowler. Later he was a commentator and Chief Selector of the Pakistan Cricket Board, from which post he resigned because of differences with the top brass of Pakistan cricket. He played for the national cricket team between 1977 through 1993. He was born in Lahore.

Qadir died on 6 September 2019 of a heart attack at the age of 63.

Chester Williams

Chester Mornay Williams (8 August 1970 – 6 September 2019) was a South African rugby union rugby player. He played as a winger for the Springboks from 1993 to 2000. Williams also played rugby for the Western Province in the Currie Cup. He was born in Paarl, South Africa. 

Williams died on 6 September 2019 from a heart attack at the age of 49.


Tomi Lahren

Tomi Rae Augustus Lahren (; born August 11, 1992) is an American conservative political commentator and former television host. She hosted "Tomi" on TheBlaze. 

Many of her videos went viral, with "The New York Times" describing her as a "rising media star". 

In August 2017, Lahren joined Fox News as a commentator.

Prime Minister of Greece

The Prime Minister of the Hellenic Republic (, "Pro̱thypourgós ti̱s Elli̱nikí̱s Di̱mokratías"), known as the Prime Minister of Greece (, "Pro̱thypourgós ti̱s Elládas"), is the head of government of the Hellenic Republic and the leader of the Greek Cabinet. 

The incumbent Prime Minister is Kyriakos Mitsotakis, who took office on 26 June 2023.

Theodoros Pangalos (politician)

Theodoros Pangalos (,17 August 1938- 31 May 2023) is a Greek politician. He is the leading member of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement. He was the Deputy Prime Minister of Greece from 2009 to 2012 

Kostas Karamanlis

Konstantinos A. Karamanlis (; born 14 September 1956), commonly known as Kostas Karamanlis (, ), is a Greek retired politician. He was Prime Minister of Greece from 2004 to 2009. He was also president of the centre-right New Democracy party.

Lucas Papademos

Lucas Demetrios Papademos (; born 11 October 1947) is a Greek economist. He was Prime Minister of Greece from November 2011 to May 2012. He was Vice President of the European Central Bank from 2002 to 2010 and Governor of the Bank of Greece from 1994 to 2002.

He was a Visiting Professor of Public Policy at the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard University and is a Senior Fellow at the Center for Financial Studies at the University of Frankfurt.

Georgios Papandreou

Georgios Papandreou ( "Geórgios Papandréou"; 13 February 1888 – 1 November 1968) was a Greek politician. He was the founder of the Papandreou political dynasty. He was Prime Minister of Greece (1944–1945, 1963, 1964–1965). He was also Deputy Prime Minister from 1950–1952, in the governments of Nikolaos Plastiras and Sofoklis Venizelos.

Andreas Papandreou

Andreas Georgios Papandreou (, ; 5 February 1919 – 23 June 1996) was a Greek economist and politician. He was known for founding the political party PASOK, which he led from 1974 to 1996. He was the Prime Minister of Greece three times.

Panagiotis Pikrammenos

Panagiotis Pikrammenos (, ; born 26 July 1945) is a Greek judge and politician. From 9 July 2019 to 25 May 2023, he has been the Deputy Prime Minister of Greece.

He was the caretaker Prime Minister of Greece from May 16, 2012 to June 20, 2012 after the legislative election in May 2012 resulted in an absence of majority.

Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou

Vassiliki Thanou-Christophilou (, ; born 3 November 1950), also known as Vassiliki Thanou, is a Greek judge. She was caretaker Prime Minister of Greece from 27 August to 21 September 2015. She was the first ever female Greek Prime Minister.

Konstantinos Karamanlis

Konstantinos G. Karamanlis (, ; 8 March 1907 – 23 April 1998) was a four-time Prime Minister and two-time President of Greece.

Ioannis Alevras

Ioannis Alevras (, 1912 – 6 April 1995) was a Greek Panhellenic Socialist Movement politician. He was the Speaker of the Hellenic Parliament and was acting President of Greece in March 1985.

Konstantinos Tsatsos

Konstantinos D. Tsatsos (; July 1, 1899 – October 8, 1987) was a Greek, professor of law, scholar and politician. He was the second President of the Third Hellenic Republic from 1975 to 1980.


Michail Stasinopoulos

Michail Stasinopoulos (; 27 July 1903 – 31 October 2002) was a Greek jurist. He was President of Greece
between 18 December 1974 and 19 July 1975.

David Irving

David John Cawdell Irving (born 24 March 1938) is an English author and Holocaust denier. He has written on the military and political history of World War II, with a focus on Nazi Germany.

His works include "The Destruction of Dresden" (1963), "Hitler's War" (1977), "Churchill's War" (1987) and "Goebbels: Mastermind of the Third Reich" (1996).

In his works, he argued that Adolf Hitler did not know of the extermination of Jews or, if he did, opposed it. His works were never taken seriously by mainstream historians.

Turbe, Travnik

Turbe is a settlement in the Travnik municipality, FB&H, Bosnia and Herzegovina. The name is derived from Turkish "türbe".


Paul of Greece

Paul (, "Pávlos"; 14 December 1901 – 6 March 1964) was King of Greece from 1947 until his death from stomach cancer in 1964.

Daniel Antosch

Daniel Antosch (born 7 March 2000) is an Austrian footballer who plays as a goalkeeper for Cypriot First Division club Pafos.

Local community

A local community is a group of people living in a same location. The group has common and shared values. The groups are larger than a household. 

The word "community" is comes from the Old French word "communité". This came from the Latin word "communitas" (cum, "with/together" + munus, "gift"), a broad term for fellowship or organized society.

A sense of community refers to the way people see the connections within the group, shared responsibility, and common goals.


Loyal, Oklahoma

Loyal is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Cossonay

Cossonay is a municipality in the Morges district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Bhagalpur

Bhagopur is a district of bihar

Cradle of civilization

A cradle of civilization is a place where civilization emerged. There was no single "cradle", but several civilizations that developed independently. The Fertile Crescent (Ancient Egypt, Mesopotamia), Ancient India, and Ancient China were the first. Whether there was influence between the early civilizations of the Near East and those of East Asia is not known. 

Scholars accept that the civilizations of Mesoamerica emerged independently and later than those in Eurasia. They were mainly in modern Mexico, and Norte Chico, in the north-central coastal region of Peru.

Civilization involves the use of writing, building cities, a class-based society, agriculture, animal husbandry, public buildings, metallurgy, and monumental architecture. The term "cradle of civilization" has been applied to a variety of cultures and areas, in particular the Ancient Near Eastern Chalcolithic and Fertile Crescent, Ancient India and Ancient China. It has also been applied to ancient Anatolia, the Levant and Iranian plateau, and used to refer to culture predecessors—such as Ancient Greece as the predecessor of Western civilization.

Ćorkovac

Ćorkovac is an eastern confluent of the Vrbanja river in Bosnia. It begins on the north-eastern slopes of the Vlašić mountain's plateau, and the mouth opens at Šiprage, where the town's sawmill was. The spring of Ćorkovac is 1,150 metres above sea level, and its length is around 6 kilometres. It flows between the Jasen and Stražbenica mountains to its estuary. The watermills were in operation until the 1960s.

In the relatively narrow area there is a fertile and wide riverhead between Ćorkovac, Ilomska, Čudnić, Kovačevića potok, Grabovička rijeka, Kobilja, Ugrić and other confluents of Vrbanja and the Ugar river.

The crest of the riverhead directs towards the villages of Petrovo Polje, Imljani, Vlatkovići, and the Skender Vakuf Municipality.


Kovačevića potok

Kovačevića potok (English: Kovacevici's stream) is a left tributary of the Vrbanja river, between Kruševo Brdo (upstream) and Šiprage (downstream) ), in the Kotor-Varoš, Municipality, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is about three km long. Several of its constituent streams originate in the Guzovina - Vis elevation complex (1003 m), west of the village of Kovačevići: Tocil at 1000 m above sea level, Duboki potok (Deep creek) at 900 m, and a nameless creek at 940 m. First, the Tocil and the Deep creek connect, and then that watercourse connects with the nameless creek between Durakovići and Kovacevići villages at an altitude of 672 m, on the road R-440: Šiprage - Kruševo Brdo From the Čudnić basin and to the south, it is separated by Arab Hill. On this stream, in the 1960s, there were five watermills.


Fiat money

Fiat money is a currency (a medium of exchange) made as money, often by government laws. Fiat money does not have value. It has value only because a government gives its value, or because parties are taking part in exchange agree on its value. It was used as an alternative to commodity money.

Hurricane Beryl

Hurricane Beryl was a hurricane that hit the Lesser Antilles. Damage was reletively minor. Beryl was also one of the Subtropical Cyclones of the 2018 Atlantic hurricane season.

Stopanska rijeka

The Stopanska rijeka – also signed as Stopanski and Stopanski potok – is a right tributary of the Vrbanja river in the Kotor-Varoš Municipality, local community of Šiprage, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It originates northeast of the village Stopan, from the stream Subanj (1100 m) and the Pecan spring, at an altitude of 1000 m, between the elevations Pirevište (northwest, 1042 m) and Lepenica (southeast, 1016 m). 

In the upper stream it bears the name of Burča, after the village of the same name in the north, through which the river Buračka flows. The geographical and popular name Stopanska river is from the straits below one of the peaks of Lepenica (807 m). 

With name Burča, this river flows in the northeast – southwest direction, and as Stopanska River it turns northwest all the way below Stopan, where it makes its south-west arch and flows into Vrbanja near Todorovici village, at altitude of 460 m. Until the 1960s, 12 watermills operated on Stopanska River, and its streams and tributaries.


Putnam County, Tennessee

Puntnam is a county in the US state of Tennessee. About 80,000 people live in the county. The biggest cities are Cookeville (which is also the county seat, about 30,000 people), and Algood (about 3,000 people in 2).

Corbeyrier

Corbeyrier is a municipality in Aigle in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Gryon

Gryon is a municipality in Aigle in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Lavey-Morcles

Lavey-Morcles is a municipality in the district of Aigle in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

The municipality was created in 1852 by a merger of Lavey and Morcles.


Ormont-Dessous

Ormont-Dessous is a municipality in the Aigle district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Mill Creek, Oklahoma

Mill Creek is a town in Oklahoma in the United States.

Yvorne

Yvorne is a municipality in the Aigle district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

Ormont-Dessus

Ormont-Dessus is a municipality in the district of Aigle in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Pully

Pully is a municipality in the district of Lavaux-Oron in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is one of the eastern suburbs of the city of Lausanne, located on the shores of Lake Geneva ("Lac Léman") and at the foot of the vineyards of Lavaux on the road to Vevey and Montreux.

Lutry

Lutry is a municipality in the Lavaux-Oron district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Wann, Oklahoma

Wann is a town in Nowata County, Oklahoma, United States. The population was 95 at the 2020 census.

Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2019

The Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2019 was the seventeenth edition of the contest. It took place at the Gliwice Arena, Gliwice-Silesia, Poland on 24 November 2019, Polish broadcaster Telewizja Polska (TVP) was the host broadcaster for the event. The motto for the contest was ""Share the joy"".

On 18 July 2019, it was confirmed that nineteen countries would take part in the contest. Spain marked their first appearance since 2006, while Azerbaijan and Israel did not return.

Below is a summary of all 12 points received from each country's professional juries.

The following people announced the jury 12 points for their respective country:

Mark Sanford 2020 presidential campaign

The 2020 presidential campaign of former U.S. Representative and Governor of South Carolina Mark Sanford began on September 8, 2019 when Sanford announced his plans to challenge incumbent president Donald Trump for the Republican nomination in the 2020 election. 

After months of speculation, Sanford planned on making the announcement in South Carolina on September 2, but postponed the announcement due to Hurricane Dorian. A formal announcement was made on September 15. Two months later on November 12, he dropped out from the race.

Katherine MacLean

Katherine Anne MacLean (January 22, 1925 – September 1, 2019) was an American science fiction author. She was best known for her short fiction of the 1950s which talked about the impact of technological advances on individuals and society. In 1971, she won the Nebula Award for her novel "The Missing Man". MacLean was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey.

MacLean died on September 1, 2019 at the age of 94.


Glen Ridge, New Jersey

Glen Ridge is a borough in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 7,802.

United First Parish Church, Quincy, Massachusetts

United First Parish Church, Quincy, Massachusetts is a Unitarian Universalist church in Quincy, Massachusetts. It became the parish church of Quincy in 1639. The building was built in 1828. 


Lavrentis Machairitsas

Lavrentis Machairitsas (; 5 November 1956 – 9 September 2019) was a Greek rock musician and songwriter. He was born in Volos, Thessaly. Machairitsas began his solo career in 1989 as a writer and performer. His first album was "O Magapas Kai I Sagapo", released by Minos-EMI. In 1991 he released "Didymoteicho Blues", which was certified Gold. In 2016, Machairitsas performed at the Kaye Playhouse at Hunter College in New York during AKTINA's Greek Music Journey concert series organise by AKTINA Productions,Inc.

Machaititsas died on 9 September 2019 of a heart attack in Athens at the age of 62.

Tommy Tuberville

Thomas Hawley Tuberville (; born September 18, 1954) is a former American football coach and player and politician. Tuberville is the senior United States Senator from Alabama since 2021. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was born in Camden, Arkansas.

Tuberville was the head football coach at the University of Mississippi from 1995 to 1998, Auburn University from 1999 until 2008, Texas Tech University from 2010 to 2012 and University of Cincinnati from 2013 to 2016.

In 2015, Tuberville was the president of the American Football Coaches Association. In 2017 he was hired by ESPN as a color analyst for their college football coverage.

In April 2019, Tuberville announced he would run for the Republican nomination for the United States Senate in Alabama to challenge Democratic U.S. Senator Doug Jones. He won the Republican nomination in July 2020, beating former Senator Jeff Sessions. He defeated Jones in the general election in November 2020.


Danny Frawley

Daniel Patrick Frawley (8 September 1963 – 9 September 2019) was an Australian rules footballer and football commentator. He worked for Fox Sports. He coached the Richmond Football Club between 2000 and 2004.

He was the nephew of Collingwood player Des Tuddenham and the uncle of current Hawthorn Football Club player James Frawley. Frawley worked for the St Kilda Football Club as a specialist defence coach on a part-time basis.

Frawley was born in Ballarat, Victoria.

On 9 September 2019, Frawley was killed in a car crash near Millbrook, Victoria. He was 56 years old.


Robert Axelrod (actor)

Robert Axelrod (May 29, 1949 – September 7, 2019), also credited as Axel Roberts and Myron Mensah, was an American actor. He was known for his voice work in "Digimon". He was also the voice of Lord Zedd, the main antagonist of the "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers"; and Finster, the original "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" monster maker.

He also played a Paul McCartney look-alike on the popular sitcom "Family Matters".

Axelrod died in Los Angeles, California on September 7, 2019 at the age of 70. He had been suffering from problems caused by spinal surgery.


Robert Axelrod

Robert Marshall Axelrod (born May 27, 1943) is an American political scientist. He is Professor of Political Science and Public Policy at the University of Michigan where he has been since 1974. He is best known for his work on the evolution of cooperation. Axelrod is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. 

Roger Boutry

Roger Boutry (27 February 1932 – 7 September 2019) was a French composer and conductor. He was born in Paris. Boutry was the Music Director of the Republican Guard from 1973 through 1977.

Boutry died in Paris on 7 September 2019 at the age of 87.


Al Carmichael

Albert Reinhold Carmichael (November 10, 1928 – September 7, 2019) was an American football player and stuntman. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts. Carmichael played for the Green Bay Packers of the National Football League between 1953 and 1958 and then he was with the Denver Broncos of the American Football League in 1960 and 1961.

Carmichael played as a stuntman in more than 50 movies including "Jim Thorpe – All-American" for Burt Lancaster (1951), "Saturday's Hero" (1951), "All-American" (1953), "Pork Chop Hill" (1959), "It Started with a Kiss" (1959), "The Big Operator" (195), "Elmer Gantry" (1960), one of the doubles for Kirk Douglas in "Spartacus" (1960), "Birdman of Alcatraz" (1962), "Son of Flubber" (1962), "How the West was Won" (1962), and the TV show "Rawhide".

Carmichael died on September 7, 2019 in Palm Dessert, California at the age of 90.

Ram Jethmalani

Ram Boolchand Jethmalani (14 September 1923 – 8 September 2019) was an Indian lawyer and politician. He was born in Shikarpur, Bombay Presidency . Jethmalani was a member of the Rashtriya Janata Dal. Until 2016, he was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. 

Jethmalani MP from 1977 through 1984 and again from 2010 until his death. He was Minister of Law and Justice in 1996 and again from 1999 through 2000 and Urban Development from 1998 through 1999.

Jethmalani died on 8 September 2019 in New Delhi at the age of 95.


Shanti Bhushan

Shanti Bhushan (born 11 November 1925) is an Indian politician. He was Minister of Law and Justice from 1977 to 1979 in the Morarji Desai Ministry. He is a senior advocate of the Supreme Court of India.

K. Natwar Singh

Kunwar Natwar Singh (born 16 May 1931) is an Indian politician. He was born in Bharatpur, Bharatpur State. Singh was Minister of External Affairs from May 2004 through December 2005. He was a member of the Indian National Congress.

Yisrael Kessar

Yisrael Kessar (, 20 May 1931 – 8 September 2019) was a Yemeni-born Israeli politician. He was a Knesset member for the Alignment and Labor Party between 1984 and 1996. He was Minister of Transport and Road Safety from 1992 through 1996.

Kessar was born in Sanaʽa, Yemen. He died on 8 September 2019 in Haifa from pneumonia at the age of 88.

Yamata-no-Orochi

"Yamata Amasung Keibu Keioiba" () is a Meitei language play that interweaves the stories of the two legendary creatures, Yamata-no-Orochi of Japanese mythology and Keibu Keioiba of Meitei mythology (Manipuri mythology). In the play, the role of Yamata-no-Orochi was played by "Maisnam Momocha".

Lito Legaspi

Lito Legaspi (10 September 1941 – 8 September 2019) was a Filipino actor. He won Gawad Urian Award for Best Supporting Actor in "Sinong Kapiling? Sinong Kasiping?" (1977). He was probably best known for playing President of the Philippines Rodrigo Duterte in 1992 movie "". He was born in Manila.

Legaspi died on 8 September 2019 at a Manila hospital from cardiac arrest at the age of 77.

Camilo Sesto

Camilo Blanes Cortés (16 September 1946 – 8 September 2019), known professionally as Camilo Sesto, was a Spanish pop and rock singer-songwriter and musician. He was born in Alcoy, Spain. Sesto was also a guitarist and drummer. His best known songs were "Algo Más" and "Amor Mío, ¿Qué Me Has Hecho?".

Sesto died on 8 September 2019 at a Madrid hospital from heart failure, eight days before his 73rd birthday.

Olav Skjevesland

Olav Skjevesland (31 May 1942 – 8 September 2019) was Norwegian theologian and priest. He was the Bishop of the Diocese of Agder og Telemark from 1998 until his retirement in 2012. During his time as a bishop, he was thought to be theologically conservative and he was opposed to letting gay priests serve in the church.

Carlos Squeo

Carlos Vicente Squeo (4 June 1948 in Dock Sud, Avellaneda – 8 September 2019) was an Argentine football defender. He played for several clubs in Argentina and Mexico and represented the Argentina national football team at the 1974 FIFA World Cup.

Squeo died on 8 September 2019 at the age of 71.

John Wesley (actor)

John Wesley (August 3, 1947 – September 7, 2019) was an American actor. He was known for his role in "Superhuman Samurai Syber-Squad", where he played the role of Principal Pratchert. He was born in Lake Charles, Louisiana. Wesley was also known for his roles in "Stop! Or My Mom Will Shoot" and in "Hang 'Em High".

Wesley died on September 7, 2019 of multiple myeloma at the age of 71.

Terence Conran

Sir Terence Orby Conran, CH, FCSD (4 October 1931 – 12 September 2020) was an English designer, restaurateur, retailer and writer. He was born in Kingston upon Thames, England. He was known for creating the Habitat stores. Conran was knighted in 1983 and was appointed Member of the Order of the Companions of Honour (CH) in the 2017 Birthday Honours for services to design.

Conran died on 12 September 2020 in Berkshire, England, aged 88.


Key Tower

Key Tower is a skyscraper on Public Square in Cleveland, Ohio. It was designed by architect César Pelli. It is the tallest building in the state of Ohio, the 26th-tallest in the United States, and the 165th-tallest in the world. 

The building reaches 57 stories or to the top of its spire, and it is visible from up to away. The tower has about 1.5 million square feet (139,355 m²) of office space.


Comcast Technology Center

The Comcast Technology Center is a supertall skyscraper in Philadelphia.

The 91-floor building, with a height of , is the tallest building in Philadelphia and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, the tenth-tallest building in the United States and the tallest outside Manhattan and Chicago.

Columbia Center

The Columbia Center, formerly named the Bank of America Tower and Columbia Seafirst Center, is a skyscraper in downtown Seattle, Washington. It is the tallest building in Seattle and the state of Washington. Its height is . 

At the time of its completion, the Columbia Center was the tallest structure on the West Coast; , it is the fourth-tallest, behind buildings in Los Angeles and San Francisco.

The Strat

The Strat (formerly Stratosphere and Vegas World) is a hotel, casino and tower located on Las Vegas Boulevard just north of the Las Vegas Strip in Las Vegas, Nevada, United States.

The tower's main attraction is the Stratosphere Tower, the tallest freestanding observation tower in the United States, and the second-tallest in the Western Hemisphere, surpassed only by the CN Tower in Toronto, Ontario. 

It is the tallest tower west of the Mississippi River and also the tallest structure in Las Vegas and in the state of Nevada.

Peter Nichols

Peter Richard Nichols (31 July 1927 – 7 September 2019) was an English playwright, screenwriter, director and journalist. His best known works were "A Day in the Death of Joe Egg", "Passion Play" and "Poppy".

Nichols was appointed Commander of the Order of the British Empire (CBE) in the 2018 New Year Honours for services to drama.

Nichols died on 7 September 2019 at the age of 92.

Stella Stevens

Stella Stevens (born Estelle Eggleston; October 1, 1938 – February 17, 2023) was an American actress and model. She is known for her roles in "Girls! Girls! Girls!" (1962), "The Nutty Professor" (1963), "The Courtship of Eddie's Father" (1963), "The Silencers" (1966), "Where Angels Go, Trouble Follows" (1968), "The Ballad of Cable Hogue" (1970) and "The Poseidon Adventure" (1972).

In 1960, she won a Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actress for her role in "Say One for Me".

Stevens was born in Yazoo City, Mississippi, but raised in Memphis, Tennessee. She studied at Memphis State College. During the 1960s she was one of the most photographed women in the world. In the 1970s, she bought a home near the Cascade Range in Washington state.

Stevens died from Alzheimer's disease in Los Angeles, California at the age of 84 years.


Twisp, Washington

Twisp is a town in Okanogan County in north central Washington, United States. It is located near the Twisp and Methow rivers. The population was 938 at the 2000 census and decreased to 919 at the 2010 census.

Twisp River

The Twisp River is a tributary of the Methow River, in the U.S. state of Washington. It is about 26 miles (42 km) long. The name of the river comes from the Okanagan placename [txə́c’p], perhaps meaning "wasp" or "yellowjacket".

Methow River

The Methow River ( ) is a tributary of the Columbia River in northern Washington in the United States. 

The river's watershed drains the eastern North Cascades, with a population of about 5,000 people. 

The river was named after the Methow Native Americans (today part of the Confederated Tribes of the Colville Indian Reservation). The name "Methow" comes from the Okanagan placename "/mətxʷú/", meaning "sunflower (seeds)".

Okanogan County, Washington

Okanogan County is a county in the U.S. state of Washington. At the 2020 census, 42,104 people lived there. The county seat is Okanogan, while the largest city is Omak. Its area is the largest in the state.

Okanogan, Washington

Okanogan ( ) is a city in Okanogan County, Washington, United States. The population was 2,552 at the 2010 census, within the Greater Omak Area. It is the seat of Okanogan County.

Omak, Washington

Omak ( ) is a city in north-central Washington, United States. It had 4,854 residents as of 2015. It is the largest city of Okanogan County and the largest municipality in Central Washington.

Tornjak

The Tornjak (pronounced as "tornyak"), is a Bosnian and Herzegovinian – Croatian Shepherd dog (official English name). It is a mountain sheep dog native to Bosnia and Herzegovina and Croatia. The dog was mentioned in documents in the 11th and 14th-century. It almost became extinct, but was saved when a breeding program began in the early 1970s.


George Miller (California politician)

George Miller III (born May 17, 1945) is an American politician. He was a United States Representative from California from 1975 until his retirement in 2015. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 

From 2007 to 2011, Miller was chairman of the House Education and Labor Committee.

In January 2012, Miller was cited as one of the members of Congress who had accepted the most free travel the previous year.

John Garamendi

John Raymond Garamendi (; born January 24, 1945) is an American businessman and politician. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He has been a member of the United States House of Representatives representing Northern California between San Francisco and Sacramento since November 2009.

Garamendi was the California Insurance Commissioner from 1991 to 1995 and 2003 to 2007, the U.S. Deputy Secretary of the Interior from 1995 to 1998, and the 46th Lieutenant Governor of California from 2007 until his election to Congress.

William P. Baker

William Pond Baker (born June 14, 1940) is an American politician and businessman. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from California's 10th congressional district from 1993 through 1997. After leaving Congress, Baker returned to the field of finance, and was a partner in the Baker, Brose & Mitsutome investment management firm.

Giuliano Amato

Giuliano Amato (; born 13 May 1938) is an Italian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Italy, first from 1992 to 1993 and again from 2000 to 2001.


Massimo D'Alema

Massimo D'Alema (; born 20 April 1949) is an Italian politician. He was the 53rd Prime Minister of Italy from 1998 to 2000. Later he was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 2006 to 2008.

Pollux

Pollux may refer to:





Vincenzo Scotti

Vincenzo Scotti (born 16 September 1933) is an Italian politician. He is a member of Christian Democracy (DC). He was Minister of the Interior and Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1990 to 1992.


Virginio Rognoni

Virginio Rognoni (5 August 1924 – 20 September 2022) was an Italian politician. He is a member of Christian Democracy. He was several times Interior Minister, Minister of Defense and Minister of Justice. From 2002 to 2006 he was vice-president of the "Consiglio Superiore della Magistratura" (‘Superior Council of Judiciary’).

Rognoni was born in Milan. He died in Pavia on 20 September 2022, at the age of 98.

George Miller

George Miller may refer to:





Cesare Previti

Cesare Previti (born 21 October 1934) is an Italian politician and convicted criminal. He was a close ally to Silvio Berlusconi.

In November 2003, Previti was sentenced to five years in jail due to his bribing of judges.

Domenico Corcione

Domenico Corcione (20 April 1929 – 3 January 2020) was an Italian military staff personnel. He was born in Torino. Corcione was a general and was the chief of the defence staff. Prime Minister Lamberto Dini made him Minister of Defence, a job he had from January 1995 through May 1996.

On 3 January 2020, Corcione died in Turin at age 90.

Eocene–Oligocene extinction event

The end of the Eocene was the beginning of the Oligocene (33.9 million years ago). It is marked by a large-scale floral and faunal turnover. 

Most of the affected organisms were marine or aquatic in nature. They included the last of the ancient cetaceans, the Archaeoceti.

This was a time of major climatic change, especially cooling. At first, it was not linked with any single major impact or any catastrophic volcanic event. 

But volcanic activity may have caused the extinction event. Several large meteorite impacts occurred about this time. One such event caused the Chesapeake Bay impact crater , and another at the Popigai crater in central Siberia, scattering debris perhaps as far as Europe. New dating of the Popigai meteor suggests it may be a cause of the mass extinction.

A leading scientific theory on climate cooling at this time predicts a decrease in atmospheric carbon dioxide, which slowly declined in the mid to late Eocene and possibly reached some threshold about 34 million years ago. This boundary is closely linked with the Oligocene Oi-1 event, an oxygen isotope change which marks the beginning of ice sheet coverage on Antarctica.

Conan the Barbarian (disambiguation)

Conan the Barbarian is a character created by Robert E. Howard.

Conan the Barbarian may also refer to:

Professor Moriarty

Professor James Moriarty is a fictional character in some of the Sherlock Holmes stories written by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. Moriarty is a criminal mastermind whom Holmes describes as the "Napoleon of crime". 

Doyle got the phrase from a Scotland Yard inspector. The inspector was referring to a real-life criminal. The character was introduced to allow Doyle to kill Sherlock Holmes, and only featured in two of the Sherlock Holmes stories. Later, he has often been treated as Holmes' archenemy.

Professor Moriarty's first and only appearance occurred in "The Adventure of the Final Problem". There Holmes is about to deliver a fatal blow to Moriarty's criminal organization. Suddenly he is forced to flee to continental Europe to escape Moriarty's revenge. Moriarty follows. 

The pursuit ends in Switzerland on top of the Reichenbach Falls. The encounter that apparently ends with both Holmes and Moriarty falling to their deaths.

Moriarty also plays a role in the book-length "The Valley of Fear", and his agents are mentioned in a few other stories.

Dr. Watson

Dr John H Watson M.D. is a fictional character in the Sherlock Holmes books by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. 

Dr Watson returns to England from the Second Anglo-Afghan War. He saves money on an apartment by getting a roommate who turns out to be Sherlock Holmes. When Watson finds out Holmes is a detective he starts to follow him on his cases and write down everything Holmes does. Dr Watson is the narrator of all the stories except one.

In many cases Watson plays an important part in the narrative. In "The Hound of the Baskervilles", for example, and in the long struggle against Professor Moriarty.

Early in the relationship, Dr Watson becomes engaged to marry Miss Mary Morstan, a former client of Sherlock Holmes (see "The Sign of Four"). Later it seems Watson's fiancée has apparently died. 

In "The Hound of the Baskervilles", Watson shows that he has picked up some of Holmes's skills at getting information from people. He observes to the reader, "I have not lived for years with Sherlock Holmes for nothing". 

Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga

Vaira Vīķe-Freiberga (born 1 December 1937) is a Latvian politician. She was the sixth President of Latvia and the first female President of Latvia. She was elected President of Latvia in 1999 and re-elected for the second term in 2003.

President of Latvia

The president of Latvia (, literally "State President") is head of state and commander-in-chief of the National Armed Forces of the Republic of Latvia.



There are seven living former Latvian Presidents:

Egils Levits

Egils Levits (born 30 June 1955) is a Latvian lawyer, political scientist and judge. He was the 10th President of Latvia from July 8, 2019 to July 8, 2023. He was a Member of the European Court of Justice from 2004 until his election as Latvian President in 2019.

Raimonds Vējonis

Raimonds Vējonis (born 15 June 1966) is a Latvian politician. He was the 9th President of Latvia from 2015 to 2019. He is a member of the Green Party, part of the Union of Greens and Farmers.

He was Minister of Environmental Protection and Regional Development in 2002 and in 2011 and as Minister of the Environment from 2003 to 2011, while the Ministry of Regional Development was a separate department. He became Minister of Defence of Latvia in 2014 and held that office until becoming President in 2015. 

Andris Bērziņš (Latvian President)

Andris Bērziņš (born 10 December 1944) is a Latvian businessman and politician. He was President of Latvia from 2011 to 2015. Bērziņš was the President of Unibanka from 1993 to 2004. He was elected as President by the Saeima on 2 June 2011.

Valdis Zatlers

Valdis Zatlers (born 22 March 1955) is a Latvian politician. He was the seventh President of Latvia from 2007 to 2011. He won the Latvian presidential election of 31 May 2007. He became President of Latvia on 8 July 2007 and left office on 7 July 2011 after failing to win reelection for a second term.

Guntis Ulmanis

Guntis Ulmanis (born Guntis Rumpītis September 13, 1939) is a Latvian politician. He was the fifth President of Latvia from 1993 to 1999.

Anatolijs Gorbunovs

Anatolijs Gorbunovs, also known as Anatoly Valeryanovich Gorbunov () (born February 10, 1942), is a Latvian politician. He was the acting President of Latvia from 1991 through 1993.

Gorbunovs was the Chairman of the Supreme Soviet during the final years of the Soviet regime in Latvia and as Chairman of the Supreme Council of Latvia during the first years after the country regained its independence. 

Gorbunovs was born in Pilda parish, Ludza municipality, Latvia.

In 1995 Gorbunovs was awarded the Order of the Three Stars.

Prime Minister of Latvia

The prime minister of Latvia () is the most powerful member of the Government of Latvia, and is in charge over the Latvian Cabinet of Ministers. The prime minister is nominated by the president of Latvia, but must be able to obtain the support of a majority of the Saeima (parliament).


Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš

Arturs Krišjānis Kariņš (born 13 December 1964) is an American-born Latvian linguist, businessman, and politician. He was Minister of Economics and Member of the European Parliament. He is the 14th Prime Minister of Latvia from January 2019 to September 2023.


Andris Bērziņš (Latvian Prime Minister)

Andris Bērziņš (born August 4, 1951) is a Latvian politician. He was born in Riga. He was Prime Minister of Latvia from May 5, 2000 to November 7, 2002. He is a member of the Latvian Way political party.

Fred Williamson

Frederick Robert Williamson (born March 5, 1938), also known as The Hammer, is an American actor, movie director and former professional American football defensive back. He was born in Gary, Indiana.

Williamson is best known for his roles as Tommy Gibbs in the 1973 crime drama movie "Black Caesar" and its sequel "Hell Up in Harlem". Williamson also had other notable roles in other 1970s movies such as; "Hammer" (1972), "That Man Bolt" (1973) and "Three the Hard Way" (1974).

Williamson played for the Pittsburgh Steelers in 1960. From 1961 through 1964, he played for the Oakland Raiders. He lastly played for the Kansas City Chiefs from 1965 through 1967. 


Naiyyum Choudhury

Naiyyum Choudhury (27 September 1944 – 7 September 2019) was a Bangladeshi biochemist. He was the founding Chairman of the BAERA and the IAEA Regional Cooperation Agreement (RCA) Chair person. He was also the Vice President of the Bangladesh Academy of Sciences (BAS) and was a fellow of the academy from 2000 through 2019. 

Chris Dobson

Sir Christopher Martin Dobson, FRS, FMedSci (8 October 1949 – 8 September 2019) was a British chemist. He was the John Humphrey Plummer Professor of Chemical and Structural Biology in the Department of Chemistry at the University of Cambridge, and Master of St John's College, Cambridge. 

Dobson died on 8 September 2019 in London of cancer at the age of 69.

Gru (rapper)

Dalibor Andonov ( ; 8 March 1973 – 9 September 2019), known professionally as Gru, was a Serbian rapper, musician and DJ. 

His song "Biću tu" from the 1996 album "Gru 2" made him popular in Eastern Europe, as well as the 2010 release "I dalje me žele" alongside Serbian rapper Ajs Nigrutin. He was well-known in other countries of Eastern and Northern Europe. He has been dubbed The Serbian Rap Machine. 

Andonov was killed during a paragliding accident near Zemun, Belgrade on 9 September 2019 at the age of 46.

Shaligram

A shaligram, or shaligrama shila, is a fossilized stone or ammonite collected from the riverbed or banks of the Kali Gandaki, a tributary of the Gandaki River in Nepal. They are associated with Vishnu.

Thing

Thing or The Thing may refer to:







Yosh Uchida

Yoshihiro "Yosh" Uchida (born April 1, 1920) is an American businessman, entrepreneur, judo coach and educator. He was best known for his works to judo. Uchida was the head judo coach at San Jose State University for over 70 years. He played a leading part in the development of the university's judo program.

He was born in California. During World War II, while members of his family were sent to internment camps.

Civil Liberties Act of 1988

The Civil Liberties Act of 1988 (, title I, August 10, 1988, , et seq.) is a United States federal law that granted reparations to Japanese Americans who had been interned by the United States government during World War II. 

The act was sponsored by California's Democratic Congressman Norman Mineta, an internee as a child, and Wyoming's Republican Senator Alan K. Simpson, who had met Mineta while visiting an internment camp. 

The third co-sponsor was California Senator Pete Wilson. The bill was supported by the majority of Democrats in Congress, while the majority of Republicans voted against it. The act was signed into law by President Ronald Reagan.


Spark Matsunaga

Spark Masayuki Matsunaga (October 8, 1916April 15, 1990) was an American politician. He was United States Senator for Hawaii from 1977 until his death in 1990. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Bill Lowery (politician)

William David Lowery (born May 2, 1947) is an American politician and lobbyist. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives for California's 41st congressional district from 1981 to 1993.

Jon Ossoff

Thomas Jonathan Ossoff (born February 16, 1987) is an American documentary filmmaker and politician. Ossoff is the Senior United States Senator from Georgia since 2021. He is a member of the Democratic Party. 

He was an unsuccessful candidate in the 2017 special election in Georgia's 6th congressional district.

Ossoff ran against Republican Georgia Senator David Perdue in the 2020 election for United States Senate. He won the election in a run-off race on January 5, 2021. Ossoff is the first Millennial senator to be elected.

Aegisthus

Aegisthus (or "Aigisthos") was a figure in Greek mythology. He is known from two sources. The first is Homer's "Odyssey", about the end of the 8th century BC. The second from Aeschylus's "Oresteia", written in the 5th century BC. 

As Agamemnon lay siege to Troy, his queen Clytemnestra took Aegisthus as a lover. The couple killed Agamemnon when he returned. Aegisthus ruled for seven more years before being killed by Agamemnon's son "Orestes". This is part of the story of the "Orestia".

Carlos Torre Repetto

Carlos Jesús Torre Repetto (29 November 1904 – 19 March 1978) was a Mexican chess grandmaster. He was given the grandmaster title in 1977.

Narrabeen

Narrabeen is a suburb in Sydney, NSW, Australia. It has playgrounds, lakes and a basketball court.

Jeffrey Sachs

Jeffrey David Sachs (; born November 5, 1954) is an American economist, academic and public policy analyst. He is the former director of The Earth Institute at Columbia University. He is known as one of the world's leading experts on economic development and the fight against poverty.


Let's Go Luna!

Let's Go Luna! is an American-Canadian animated television show created by Joe Murray.

"Let's Go Luna!" started on November 21, 2018 by 9 Story Media Group and Brown Bag Films for PBS Kids and TVOKids. Judy Greer provides the voice of "Luna". It is confirmed that there will be 38 half-hour episodes and a one-hour special. Each episode consists of two 11-minute story segments. Between each of the two 11-minute story segments of each episode is a short segment telling a folktale or a song or a poem from that country.

it has 2 seasons and the final last 64 episodes on pbskids and on youtube as well as its fate is unknowed

CBD

CBD commonly refers to:

CBD may also refer to:




Abdourahmane Barry

Abdourahmane Barry (born 21 February 2000) is a professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for Ligue 2 club Amiens and the Guinea national team.

Barry started playing football professionally on 27 July 2018 in the 2. Liga. He played his first full game against SV Horn.

Barry was born in Courbevoie, France and is of Guinean descent.

The Final Problem

"The Final Problem" is a short story by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. In it Sherlock Holmes and Professor Moriarty die in the Reichenbach Falls. 

The author used this plot as a device to kill Holmes. Later, pressed by public demand, Holmes was shown to have survived the fall.

"The Adventure of The Final Problem" is the original title of the short story by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle. It appears in book form as part of the collection "The Memoirs of Sherlock Holmes". It is the only Conan Doyle story to include the apparent death of Sherlock Holmes. It is also the only one in which Moriarty actually appears instead of just being talked about.

