Samayapuram Mariamman Temple

Samayapuram Mariamman Temple is a Hindu Temple. It is in Samayapuram, a suburb of Tiruchirapalli, Tamil Nadu. The main deity of the temple is Mariamman. Mariamman is also known as "Samayapura Mariamman". The main deity is made of clay, sand with some extractions of herbs unlike traditional Mariamman deities, Hence there is no abhishekam(sacred bathing).

Followers believe that the Mariamman has enormous powers. These powers can cure any kind of disease or illness.They offer Mavilakku, a dish made up of jaggery, ghee and rice flour.

Samayapuram Mariamman Temple is the second wealthiest temple in Tamil Nadu after Palani Murugan temple. More than a thousand devotees visit Samayapuram on Sundays, Tuesdays and Fridays. These are holy days for Mariamman.

Alanganallur

Alanganallur is a panchayat town in the district of Madurai in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. This town is the headquarters of Alanganallur taluk and Alanganallur revenue block. The total population of this town is 11,075.

Alanganallur town is famous for the Jallikattu ceremony conducted throughout the four days of Pongal festival. Agriculture is the main occupation in the town.

The district headquarters Madurai city is 16 km away from this town. Alagar kovil is also near by, within 18 km. Nearby places which attracts tourist are : The Thadakai Amman falls, Kodaikanal, Vaigai dam, Kumbakarai falls and Kutladampatti. There is a small dam named Sathiyar near Palamedu.

Akhilesh Yadav

Akhilesh Yadav (; born 1 July 1973), popularly known as Tipu', is an Indian politician and the President of the Samajwadi Party. He is the 20th Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh. He became the Chief Minister on 15 March 2012 at the age of 38. He thus became the youngest Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh.

Yadav was born in the village of Saifai, Etawah District, Uttar Pradesh on 1 July 1973. He was born to Mulayam Singh Yadav and Malti Devi. Mulayam Singh Yadav is a politician, founder of Samajwadi Party and the former Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh.

Yadav first was elected to the 16th Lok Sabha from the Kannauj constituency in the year 2000. On 10 March 2012, he was appointed as the leader of Samajwadi Party in Uttar Pradesh. He became the youngest Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh in 15 March 2012.

Abdul Kalam Island

Abdul Kalam Island, formerly known as Wheeler Island, is an island off the coast of Odisha, India, approximately from the state capital Bhubaneshwar. The Integrated Test Range missile testing facility is located on the island. The island was originally named after English commandant Lieutenant Wheeler. On 4 September 2015, the island was renamed to honour the late Indian president, Abdul kalam. Abdul Kalam Island is located in the Bay of Bengal approximately off the eastern coast of India and about south of Chandipur in Balasore district, Odisha. The island is about in length and in area.

Pulicat Lake

Pulicat Lake is India's second largest brackish water lake after the Chilika Lake in Odisha. It straddles in the coast area of Andhra Pradesh and Tamil Nadu states with over 96% of it in Andhra Pradesh and 3% in Tamil Nadu situated on the Coromandel Coast in South India. The lake encompasses the Pulicat Lake Bird Sanctuary. The barrier island of Sriharikota separates the lake from the Bay of Bengal and is home to the Satish Dhawan Space Centre. The fishing village of Pulicat is at the south end of the lake, from which the lake got its name. The Satish Dhawan Space Center is located on the north end of the island.

Primogeniture

Primogeniture is the system of inheritance by the firstborn, usually the eldest son. In feudal England and other legal systems, the legitimate first-born son gets the first right to inherit property. His claim is stronger than all daughters, younger sons and even elder illegitimate sons. The rule is that the eldest will always have the first claim. If there is no son, each of the daughters inherit an equal share of the estate. If there are no children, the property is often inherited by the eldest brother. Among siblings, sons inherit before daughters and so on. Primogeniture is Latin for "first born".

Journalists (novel)

Journalists () is a thriller novel by Russian writer Sergei Aman, published in 2013.

The book covers the time period from the eighties of the last century and to the tenth years of the present century. The novel begins with a bomb eruption at a newspaper “Moskovskij Bogomolets” (Moscow Believer). In result a famous Moscow journalist was killed.

The main character of the novel is a journalist Sergei Ogloedov from this newspaper. The newspaper is very similar to the famous “Moskovskij Komsomolets”. 
All fifteen parts of the novel devoted to newspaper journalists. Each of them has a real prototype, which are current and former employees of the Editorial staff of "Moskovskij Komsomolets" — Dmitry Kholodov, Andrei Lapik, Vadim Poegli, Andrey Yahontov, Peter Spectr, Andrei Gusev, Natalya Zhuravleva, Elena Vasiluhina and others, including the Chief Editor . They all connected with the main character — Sergey Ogloedov, in which the author described himself. 
The novel describes real events. Journalists are saints and sinners in these events.


Jimmy Cliff

Jimmy Cliff (born James Chambers; 30 July 1944) is a Jamaican ska and reggae musician, singer and actor. He is best known for his songs "Wonderful World, Beautiful People", "Many Rivers to Cross", "You Can Get It If You Really Want", "The Harder They Come", "Reggae Night" and "Hakuna Matata". He is also well known for his covers of Cat Stevens' "Wild World" and Johnny Nash's "I Can See Clearly Now" from the movie "Cool Runnings" (1993). He also appeared in the movies "The Harder They Come" (1972) and "Club Paradise" (1986).

Cliff was born in Somerton District, Saint James. He was a Christian before becoming a Muslim. He is no longer religious. He is married has a daughter Lilty Cliff and a son Aken Cliff.


Padma River

Padma River is a major river in Bangladesh. It is the main distributary of the Ganges, flowing generally southeast for to its confluence with the Meghna River near the Bay of Bengal. The city of Rajshahi is on the banks of the river. The Padma River enters Bangladesh from India near a place named Chapai Nababganj and meets the Jamuna River near a place Aricha and gets its name Padma again, but finally meets with the Meghna near Chandpur and adopts the name "Meghna" before flowing into the Bay of Bengal. It is the "National river of Bangladesh".

Molecular machine

A molecular machine, or nanomachine, is any set of molecules which produce mechanical movements (output) in response to specific stimuli (input). The term is common in nanotechnology where a number of complex molecular machines have been proposed which might be a way of making a "molecular assembler". Molecular machines can be divided into two broad categories: synthetic and biological.

The 2016 Nobel Prize in Chemistry was awarded to Jean-Pierre Sauvage, Fraser Stoddart and Ben Feringa for the design and synthesis of molecular machines.

The most complex molecular machines are made of proteins, and found in cells. These include 'motor proteins'. Examples are: myosin, (which does muscle contraction), kinesin (which moves molecules from the nucleus along microtubules), and dynein (which produces the beating of motile cilia and flagella). These proteins are far more complex than any molecular machines that have yet been made by mankind.

Probably the most significant biological machine known is the ribosome. Other important examples include motile cilia: "In effect, the [motile cilium] is a nanomachine [of] over 600 proteins in molecular complexes, many of which also function independently as nanomachines".

Trent Robinson

Trent Robinson (born 15 March 1977) is an Australian professional rugby league coach. He is the coach of the Sydney Roosters of the National Rugby League (NRL). In 2013, his first year with the club, the Roosters won a premiership. He also coached the French side Catalans Dragons. He played for the Wests Tigers and the Parramatta Eels in the early 2000s.


National parks of Fiji

This is a list of national parks of Fiji.

On the island of Viti Levu:

On the island of Taveuni:

On the island of Ovalau:

Hans Breukhoven

Johannes Arie "Hans" Breukhoven (31 October 1946 – 20 January 2017) was a Dutch businessman. He was the founder and president of Free Record Shop. He founded the retail store in 1971. Free Record Shop had hundreds of stores in the Netherlands, Belgium and Luxembourg. He was born in Rotterdam, South Holland.

Breukhoven died from pancreatic cancer on 20 January 2017 in London, United Kingdom. He was 70.

Château Frontenac

The Château Frontenac is a hotel in Quebec City, Quebec, Canada. It is operated as Fairmont Le Château Frontenac. Château Frontenac sits at an elevation of . It was made a National Historic Site of Canada in 1980. 

Western Region (Iceland)

The Western Region (Icelandic: "Vesturland") is a region in the west of Iceland. The population of the region was 15,300 (2007). The biggest town in the region is Akranes. However, the capital town is Borgarnes.


Öfnerspitze

The Öfnerspitze is a rocky mountain in the Allgäu Alps. It is high. It is southeast of the Krottenspitze, and joined to it by a flat piece of rock. It is made of Dolomite. There are no marked paths to the Öfnerspitze, and it is rarely climbed. It was first climbed in 1854 by a survey team.


Les Demoiselles d'Avignon

Les Demoiselles d'Avignon (The Young Ladies of Avignon) was a 1907 cubist painting by Picasso. It represents five women in a brothel. It took him nine months to paint it. Picasso gave up all attempts at traditional painting in this early cubist painting. He distorted the female figures in a way that showed the influence of African art. When the painting was shown in his studio to a group of painters and critics, they were outraged. Henri Matisse called it a hoax and an attempt to paint the fourth dimension, The art critic André Salmon wrote: "It was the ugliness of the faces that froze with horror the half-converted". Another painter, André Derain, wrote: "One day we shall find Pablo has hanged himself behind his great canvas". It has been called one of the most significant paintings of the 20th century. The two figures on the right are shown with African mask-like features, an interest of Picasso at the time.


James S. Vlasto

Dimitrius Solon "James" Vlasto (June 11, 1934 – January 17, 2017) was an American editor, political public relations consultant and public servant. He served in federal, New York state and city senior government positions. He was born in New York City. He served as a Public Relations Representative. 

Vlasto joined the "Atlantis" in 1956 after his service in the United States Army. In March 1966, Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Jr. hired Vlasto to do PR for his campaign for Governor of New York on the Liberal Party ticket in 1966 against the incumbent Republican Nelson A. Rockefeller. 

Vlasto was also New York state public relations advisor for Senator George McGovern in the United States presidential election in New York, 1972, a member of the finance committee for presidential candidate Michael Dukakis in the United States presidential election in New York, 1988 and New York State public relations advisor for Morris Udall’s run for Democratic nomination for President in 1976.

Vlasto worked as press secretary for former Bronx Borough President Herman Badillo during his run for mayor.

Vlasto died of chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in New York City on January 17, 2017, aged 82.

Jan Kruis

Jan Kruis (; 8 June 1933 – 19 January 2017) was a Dutch comics artist. He was most well known for the strip "Jack, Jacky and the Juniors". He was born in Rotterdam, Netherlands. In 1996, he was given the Order of the Netherlands Lion.

Kruis died on 19 January 2017 at his home in Mantinge, Netherlands, aged 83.

Ger van Mourik

Ger van Mourik (4 August 1931 – 19 January 2017) was a Dutch footballer who played as a rightback. van Mourik played his entire career for hometown club Ajax, making his debut on 3 June 1950 against Enschedese Boys. He was Ajax' captain for eight years and played 277 matches for the club, scoring 1 goal. Van Mourik managed DWV from 1974 until 1982, leading the club to the Dutch amateur title in 1977. He also coached SV Marken.

Edwin Pope

John Edwin Pope (April 11, 1928 – January 19, 2017) was an American journalist. 

He was known for his sportswriting at the "Miami Herald", where his work appeared from 1956 until his death in 2017. He covered Super Bowl I through Super Bowl XLVII. Some called him as "the best writer of sports in America."

Pope's success with his 1954 book "Football's Greatest Coaches", allowed him to leave the Atlanta area and move down to Miami, where he accepted a job at the Miami Herald in 1956. While he retired as the Herald sports editor in 2003, he contributed columns to the newspaper until 2016, when he wrote his last piece eulogizing boxer and former Miami resident Muhammad Ali.

Klaus Huhn

Klaus Huhn (24 February 1928 – 20 January 2017) was a German sports journalist, writer and sports administrator. Huhn worked for the East German mass-market daily newspaper, "Neues Deutschland", and was chairman of the Sports Journalists Sub-Association within that country's important Union of Journalists. He was born in Berlin.

Huhn died on 20 January 2017 in Berlin, aged 88.

Harry J. Middleton

Harry Joseph Middleton, Jr. (October 24, 1921 – January 20, 2017) was an American journalist, author, and library director. He served as Lyndon B. Johnson's Presidential speech writer and staff assistant from 1967 to 1969. In 1970, Johnson named him the director of the Lyndon Baines Johnson Library and Museum (LBJ Library) on the campus of the University of Texas at Austin. He retired in 2002. Middleton also served as Executive Director of the Lyndon Baines Johnson Foundation from 1993 until 2004.

Middleton was born in Centerville, Iowa. He studied at Washburn University and at Louisiana State University. Middleton died at his home in Austin, Texas on January 20, 2017, aged 95.

JYP Entertainment

JYP Entertainment is a South Korean entertainment company in Seoul. It was founded in 2014 by South Korean singer-songwriter Park Jinyoung. This company acts as a record label, talent agency, music production , event management and concert production company, and music publishing house. It is one of the largest entertainment companies in South Korea. JYP is known for having artists such as Wonder Girls, 2AM, 2PM, Baek A-yeon, JJ Project, GOT7, Twice, Itzy, Bernard Park, DAY6 and Stray Kids and former artists such as Park Ji-yoon, god, and Rain.

All of the artists under JYP Entertainment are collectively known as JYP Nation, similarly to SM Town and YG Family.


A subsidiary label attributed with the following artists:


Trettachspitze

The Trettachspitze is a mountain in the Allgäu Alps in Germany. It is made of Dolomite and is high. It is one of the best-known mountains in the Allgäu Alps. 

It is the only high rocky mountain in the Allgäu Alps that is completely in Germany. With the Mädelegabel () and the Hochfrottspitze () it forms the famous threesome of mountains on the main ridge of the Allgäu Alps. It is found north of the Mädelegabel. It was first climbed in 1855 by 3 brothers, Urban, Alois and Mathias Jochum.


Wakinosaurus

Wakinosaurus (meaning "Wakino lizard") is a dubious genus of theropod dinosaur. It is named from the find of "a single tooth".‭ ‬The genus is dubious (doubtful) because it is almost impossible to assign further fossil material to it.

The find was made in Lower Cretaceous deposits in Fukuoka, Japan in 1990 by Masahiro Sato. The triangular-shaped tooth has fine serrations on its cutting edge, which is standard for a theropod dinosaur. 

Sixpence (British coin)

The sixpence (6d; ), sometimes known as a tanner or half-shilling was a British coin. It was worth 6 pennies or new pence. It has not been produced since 1970. The coin was first minted in silver during the reign of Edward VI of England. From 1947 it was made from cupronickel. Following decimalisation, on 15 February 1971, the coin remained in circulation with a value of 2½ new pence. It was taken out of circulation in 1980.

Survival mode

Survival mode is a video game mode. In this mode a player must continue playing for as long as possible without dying. It must be done in one session with no interruptions. This is while the game becomes more difficult by adding waves of challenges.

Noppenspitze

The Noppenspitze is a rocky mountain in the Allgäu Alps. It is high and made of Dolomite. It is in the central part of the Hornbach chain. The Noppenspitze was first climbed on 16 August 1890 by Antony Spiehler and his guide, Johann Schiffer. The Noppenspitze is not climbed very much. According to the summit book in 2006, it was only being climbed about 5 - 15 times per year.


Altusried

Altusried is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. It is the location of the open-air theatre Freilichtspiele Altusried.

Nemegtosaurus

Nemegtosaurus is a genus of titanosaur sauropod dinosaur found in Mongolia. A possible synonym of "Nemegtosaurus" is "Opisthocoelicaudia". It was named after the place it was discovered, the Nemegt Basin.

Bad Hindelang

Bad Hindelang is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. From 2008 it has a population of 4,915. It is known for its sulphur springs and pure mountain air. Today the municipality is a health resort. It is above sea level.




Oberstaufen

Oberstaufen is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Schwaben, Bavaria, Germany. It is on the B 308 road from Lindau to Immenstadt. 

It is first mentioned as "Stoufun" in AD 868. It was originally part of Swabia. It joined Bavaria in 1805 with the Peace of Pressburg.

Oberstaufen was the first town in Germany to be on Google Street View. This was because of a marketing campaign by the Oberstaufen tourist industry.


Nomen dubium

A nomen dubium is Latin for "doubtful name" (plural nomina dubia). It is a scientific name in zoology which is of unknown or doubtful use.

With a "nomen dubium" it may be impossible to decide whether a specimen belongs to that group or not. This may happen if the original type specimen is lost or destroyed. The zoological and botanical codes allow for a new type specimen, or neotype, to be chosen in this case.

A name may also be considered a "nomen dubium" if its name-bearing type is fragmentary or lacking important diagnostic features. This is often the case for species known only as fossils. To preserve stability of names, the International Code of Zoological Nomenclature allows a new type specimen, or neotype, to be chosen for a "nomen dubium" in this case.

It is one of a number of terms which are used in biological taxonomy.

Wiggensbach

Wiggensbach is a municipality in Bavaria. It is about west of Kempten, the next big town. Next door municipalities are Altusried in the north and Buchenberg in the south of the village. Wiggensbach is the main village. Ermengerst and Westenried are the two districts of Wiggensbach. There are 72 hamlets around the municipality. The village is between above sea level.

Wiggensbach is twinned with Hattstatt in France. The 20th anniversary of the partnership was in 2003.

Hochvogel

The Hochvogel is a high mountain in the Allgäu Alps. The border between Germany and Austria runs over the summit. Climbers can ascend the summit on two marked routes. One of the most interesting climbs is by Hermann von Barth. He stayed overnight at the summit in 1869. On 14 December 1945 an American Flying Fortress crashed on the west of the Hochvogel.



Shaft (movie)

Shaft is a 1971 crime drama movie. It was directed by Gordon Parks.

John Shaft, a private detective, is warned that some gangsters are looking for him. Police Lieutenant Vic Androzzi meets with Shaft. Androzzi unsuccessfully tries to get some information on the gangsters. When Androzzi leaves, Shaft sees one of the men waiting for him in his office building. He brings the first gangster into the office. The second gangster is waiting there. After a quick fight, Shaft avoids one of the gangsters, who goes out the window. The other gangster surrenders and tells Shaft that a man named Bumpy Jonas wanted a meeting between him and Shaft. Jonas is the leader of a Harlem-based organized crime family,

Shaft meets with Bumpy. Shaft learns that Bumpy's daughter, Marcy Jonas, has been kidnapped. Bumpy asks Shaft to make sure that Marcy is returned safely.

Shaft tracks down a man named Ben Buford. A big shootout takes place. After the shooting, Shaft is told by Vic that "he" (Shaft) was the target, and not Ben. But the view is black against white, according to the general public.

Vic shows Shaft two pictures of the Mafia men who arrived in New York City. 

Shaft suspects that gangsters are watching his place from a local bar. He pretends being a bartender. He calls the police to have the gangsters arrested. He later goes to the police station and sets up a meeting. The meeting is about where Bumpy's daughter is being held.


The "Theme from "Shaft"" won an Academy Award for Best Original Song. The "Shaft" soundtrack album won a Grammy Award for Best Score Soundtrack Album. It also won a Grammy for Best Original Score, and two other awards

The movie was one of only three profitable movies in 1971 for MGM.

"Shaft" was very successful. It helped pull a then-struggling MGM out of danger of bankruptcy.

The critics reviews on the movie were mixed. Roger Ebert gave the movie 2½ stars. Rotten Tomatoes rated this movie at 89%.

"Shaft" spawned several years of 'blaxploitation' crime movies.

Arrondissements of the Cantal department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Cantal department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Cantal are:

Since its creation, the Cantal department has had few changes:


Gordon Parks

Gordon Roger Alexander Buchanan Parks (November 30, 1912 – March 7, 2006) was an American photographer, musician, writer and movie director. He was the first African-American to produce and direct major movies. He was best remembered for his iconic photos of poor Americans during the 1940s.

He created the blaxploitation genre. He was the director of the movie "Shaft" in 1971.

Parks was born in Fort Scott, Kansas. He died due to cancer in Manhattan, New York. Parks was 93.

Ahmed Gailani

Sayyid Ahmed Gailani (‎; 1932 – 20 January 2017) was an Afghan Islamic leader and politician. He was the leader (Pir) of the Qadiriyya Sufi order in Afghanistah. He was also the founder of the National Islamic Front of Afghanistan. The party was tied with the Mujahideen who led the war against the Soviet Union in the 1980s. He also founded the High Peace Council in 2001. He was born in Surkh-Rōd District, Nangarhar Province.

Gailani died after an illness on 20 January 2017 in Kabul. He was 84.

Charles Liteky

Charles James "Charlie" Liteky (February 14, 1931 – January 20, 2017), formerly known as Angelo Liteky, was an American peace activist. He received the religious name Angelo as a member of a Catholic religious community of priests and Brothers, the Missionary Servants of the Most Holy Trinity. He studied theology at their major seminary, located near Winchester, Virginia. He was ordained a priest in May, 1960. He served as a United States Army chaplain in the Vietnam War and was awarded the Medal of Honor, the U.S. highest military honor. He got the honor for carrying 20 wounded soldiers to safety during a 1967 battle while getting fired at by enemy soldiers. He was a Roman Catholic priest from 1960 until 1975. In 1986, he became the first person to give back the Medal of Honor.

Liteky was born in Washington, D.C. and joined the Army from Brooklyn, New York. He married Judy Balch in 1983.

Liteky died on January 20, 2017 in San Francisco, California. He was 85.

Philip Bond (actor)

Philip G. W. Bond (1 November 1934 – 17 January 2017) was a British actor. He was best known for playing Albert Frazer in 24 episodes of the 1970s BBC drama "The Onedin Line". He also appeared in the series "The Saint" (1963), "Doctor Who" (1964), "The Hound of the Baskervilles" (1968), "The Avengers" (1969), "Z-Cars" (1969–75), "Only Fools and Horses" (1985), "Casualty" (2007), and "Midsomer Murders" (2007). His movie roles include "Count Five and Die" (1957), "Orders to Kill" (1958), "Foxhole in Cairo" (1960), "I Want What I Want" (1972) and "Fever Pitch" (1997).

Bond was born in Burton-on-Trent, Staffordshire. He was married to Pat Sandys until their divorce. They had three children, including Samantha (born 1961).

Bond died on 17 January 2017 in Madeira, Portugal. He was 82.

Balderschwang

Balderschwang is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. It is home to the Balderschwang Yew, which may be the oldest tree in Germany. It has a population of 219. With an average of 2,450 liters per square meter per year, Balderschwang is the place with the most rainfall in Germany. 


Diana Thorneycroft

Diana Thorneycroft is a Canadian photographer and artist. She was born in 1956 in Claresholm, Alberta, Canada. She works in Winnipeg. Her work has been exhibited both nationally and internationally. Some of these include the Canadian Museum of Contemporary Photography, the San Francisco Museum of Modern Art and the Canadian Cultural Centre in Paris. Her work has received numerous awards. Thorneycroft was awarded the 2016 Manitoba Arts Award of Distinction.

Opisthocoelicaudia

Opisthocoelicaudia is a genus of titanosaur sauropod dinosaur. It is from Late Cretaceous rocks from Mongolia's Nemegt Basin. In 1965 a well preserved skeleton was found, missing only a neck and head.

Scientists are arguing whether "Nemegtosaurus" is a synonym of "Opisthocoelicaudia" or its own genus.

Betzigau

Betzigau is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. It was first mentioned in 1238 as "Bezzingowe". From 1988 to 2008 Betzigau grew by 440 people. Since 1 May 1996 the mayor has been Roland Helfrich.

Acorn squash

Acorn squash ("Cucurbita pepo" var. turbinata), also called pepper squash or Des Moines squash, is a winter squash with distinctive longitudinal ridges on its exterior and sweet, yellow-orange flesh inside. It is a special kind of pumpkin. The plant originally grew in the southern United States and Mexico, but it has been cultivated worldwide.

Blaichach

Blaichach is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. It is in the northeast of the municipality the Iller flows through Blaichach. Blaichach was first mentioned as "Bilaicha" in 1275. Between 1988 and 2008 Blaichach grew by 599 people.

Obermaiselstein

Obermaiselstein is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in the German state of Bavaria. About 60% of the land in the municipality is used for forestry or alpine sports.

Bolsterlang

Bolsterlang is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. From 1988 to 2008 Bolsterlang grew by 178 inhabitants. On March 16, 2014, Monika Zeller was again elected Mayor of Bolsterlang.

Arrondissement of Aurillac

The arrondissement of Aurillac is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Cantal "département" in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and préfecture of the department, is the city of Aurillac.

When the "arrondissements" were created in 1800, Aurillac was one of them in the Cantal department.

The "arrondissement" of Aurillac is in the southwest of the department and has an area of , the second largest in area, and the most populated of the department with 82,347 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Mauriac, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" of Saint-Flour, to the east and south by the Aveyron department (Occitanie) and to the northwest by the Corrèze department (Nouvelle-Aquitaine).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Aurillac, there is only one canton where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement", Naucelles. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Aurillac has 94 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Mauriac

The arrondissement of Mauriac is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Cantal "département" in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and subpréfecture of the department, is the city of Mauriac.

When the "arrondissements" were created in 1800, Mauriac was one of them in the Cantal department.

The "arrondissement" of Mauriac is in the northwest of the department and has an area of , the smallest and with fewest people living in it with 26,192 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north and west by the Corrèze department (Nouvelle-Aquitaine), to the northeast by the Puy-de-Dôme department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Saint-Flour and to the south by the "arrondissement" of Aurillac.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Mauriac, there is only two cantons where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement", Naucelles and Riom-ès-Montagnes. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Mauriac has 55 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Buchenberg

Buchenberg is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. Between 1988 and 2008 Buchenberg grew by 412 people. Toni Barth has been mayor of Buchenberg since March 2004. He is currently in his third term of office as mayor.

Arrondissement of Saint-Flour

The arrondissement of Saint-Flour is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Cantal "département" in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital, and subpréfecture of the department, is the city of Saint-Flour.

When the "arrondissements" were created in 1800, Saint-Flour was one of them in the Cantal department.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Flour is in the most eastern "arrondissement" of the department and has an area of , the largest in the department, and a population of 38,079 inhabitants with a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" is bordered to the north by the Puy-de-Dôme department, to the east by the Haute-Loire department, to the southeast by the Lozère department (Occitanie), to the southeast by the Aveyron department (Occitanie) and to the west by the "arrondissements" of Aurillac and Mauriac.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Saint-Flour, there is only one canton where not all their "communes" are in the "arrondissement": the Riom-ès-Montagnes. The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Flour has 106 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Burgberg im Allgäu

Burgberg is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. Between 1988 and 2008 Burgberg grew by 488 inhabitants.

Nurosaurus

"Not to be confused with Naosaurus, a genus of pelycosaur."

Nurosaurus is the informal name given to a genus of Sauropod dinosaur. It was from the Cretaceous period in Inner Mongolia, China. It was a herbivore or plant-eater. "Nurosaurus" grew to about long. The proposed binomial name is "Nurosaurus qaganensis" (Dong 1992).

Stanley Park

Stanley Park is a park in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. The park opened on September 27, 1888. It was named after Frederick Stanley, 16th Earl of Derby, the Governor General of Canada at the time. It is the third largest urban park in North America. The park covers . It attracts about 8 million visitors every year. Stanley Park is larger than New York City's Central Park. In Stanley Park there is a large aquarium, a protected forest, the lost lagoon, totems and other attractions.



Dietmannsried

Dietmannsried is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. It is located south of Memmingem, and north of Kempten. From 1988 to 2008 Dietmannsried grew by 1729 people. Since 2014 the mayor has been Werner Andres.

Durach

Durach is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany.

The village came into international media attention in August 2008. A light aircraft hit power lines nearby. The pilot and passenger survived inside the plane dangling on power cables. They were rescued in front of cameras.

Fischen

Fischen im Allgäu is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. Fishcen is found north of Oberstdorf. It is on the banks of the river Iller.

Lída Baarová

Lída Baarova (born Ludmila Babková 7 September 1914 in Prague – 27 October 2000) was a Czech actress. She studied acting at Conservatory and received her first film roles in "Pavel Čamrda's Career" ("Kariéra Pavla Čamrdy"), filming was forbidden for students, she made up pseudonym Lída Baarova after her father's friend J.Š.Baar at age 17. The film was successful, so she had to leave the conservatory.

Lída was born in family of Karel Babka,an official of the Prague City Hall, his wife Ludmila Babková, opera singer and piano player, occasionally sang in the choir of National Theatre. They also had second daughter Zorka, who was actress as well.In 1934 Lída was chosen by the German UFA to act the lead role in, Barcarolle. Film that made her huge star overnight. Media marked her as mistress of Nazi propaganda minister Joseph Goebbels. On the orders of Hitler himself, however, she had to leave, so she left Germany in 1939. She left to Italy, where before the war returned to Prague. At the end of the war fled to Germany but was interned by the US occupation authorities, was investigated by CIC and September 23, 1945 was handed over to Czechoslovakia. She was interrogated and imprisoned in Munich for alleged collaboration. She spent 16 months in jail, but she was released on Christmas Eve 1946 after she was not found guilty. Lída married J.Kopecký and in 1948 fled to Austria together. In 1966 she was married again, with doctor Kurt Lundwalle and they lived together in Salzburg. He died in 1972 and till her death she lived alone. Baarova died in 2000 (she suffered from Parkinson's disease) and she's buried in Prague.

, I was foolish, stupid, drunk with glory and against my will I was really badly tangled in history.`` she said about her life.

Walter Benz

Walter Benz (May 2, 1931 – January 13, 2017) was a German mathematician, an expert in geometry. Benz was born in Mainz, Germany. He studied at the Johannes Gutenberg University of Mainz.

After a position at the Johann Wolfgang Goethe University Frankfurt am Main, he served as a professor at the Universities of Bochum, Waterloo and Hamburg where he was professor emeritus. Benz was honoured with the degree of a Dr. h.c.

Inner product spaces over the real numbers were the basis of a 2007 book by Benz: "Classical Geometries in Modern Contexts".


Tibetan antelope

Tibetan antelope, also known as Chiru is a medium sized antelope most closely related to wild goats and sheep of the subfamily Caprinae. Tibetan antelope are native to northwest India and Tibet. They live on the treeless Steppe above . They are an endangered species. They are a target for hunters for their fine underfur called chiru. It is used to make luxury shawls. It takes about four animals to make a single shawl. In order to collect the chiru, the animals must be killed. Because of this the Chiru are close to extinction.


John Hanson

Sir John Gilbert Hanson (16 November 1938 – 13 January 2017) was a senior British diplomat, senior executive, historian, and academic. He was born in Sheffield, West Riding of Yorkshire.

Hanson was the Director-General of the British Council between 1992 and 1998. Hanson then became the Warden of Green College, University of Oxford from 1998 to 2006. Under his leadership, Green College merged with Templeton College in 2008 to become Green Templeton College, located at what was previously Green College.

Hanson died in London on 13 January 2017 after a short illness, aged 78.

Vahit Melih Halefoğlu

Vahit Melih Halefoğlu (19 November 1919 – 20 January 2017) was a Turkish politician and diplomat.

After the general elections held in 1983, Turgut Özal appointed him Minister of Foreign Affairs from outside of the parliament. In 1986, he was elected deputy of Ankara from the Motherland Party (ANAP). He did not stand for election in the 1987 general elections and ended his political career.

Halefoğlu died on 20 January 2017 in Istanbul, aged 97.


The Roches

The Roches (Maggie, Terre, and Suzzy Roche) were a vocal group of three songwriting Irish-American sisters from Park Ridge, New Jersey. They were known for their "unusual" and "rich" harmonies, quirky lyrics, and casually comedic stage performances.

The Roches were active as performers and recording artists from the mid-1970s through 2007, at various times performing as a trio and in pairs.



Veljo Tormis

Veljo Tormis (7 August 1930 in Kuusalu - 21 January 2017) was an Estonian composer. He was called as one of the greatest living choral composers and one of the most important composers of the 20th century in Estonia.

Internationally, he is known from his extensive body of choral music, which passes 500 individual choral songs, most of it a cappella. The great majority of these pieces are based on traditional ancient Estonian folksongs ("regilaulud"), either textually, melodically, or merely stylistically.


John Watkiss

John Watkiss (28 July 1961 – 21 January 2017) was a British artist. He was known for his painting and his work in comics and movie production. His career led him from cover artist for graphic novels to storyboard artist and character designer. He was born in Stoke-on-Trent, Staffordshire.

Watkiss' comics illustration work includes DC Comics' "The Sandman" #39 (1992) and #53 (1993), "Sandman Mystery Theatre" #5–8 (1993), "Starman" #18 (1996), and all 13 issues of "Deadman".

Watkiss died of cancer at the age of 55.

Dan Caspi

Dan Caspi (December 1, 1945 – January 22, 2017) was an Israeli lecturer, journalist and activist. He worked at the Communication Studies Department of Ben-Gurion University of the Negev in Beersheba, Israel.

Throughout his career, Caspi has combined research with public activity and lively commentary. He published hundreds of articles in the printed daily and online press, including regular columns in a Jerusalem local paper, in the Israel Publishers’ Association monthly "Otot" ("Signals")' in "Haayin Hashviit" ("The Seventh Eye", an online media journal)' the op-ed section of "ynet" (an online newspaper produced by Yedioth Ahronoth) and a blog for Ha'aretz.

Caspi died on January 22, 2017 in Israel, aged 72.


İlhan Cavcav

İlhan Cavcav (October 4, 1935 – January 22, 2017) was a Turkish businessman. He served as the chairman of Gençlerbirliği, a Football club in Turkey for almost 40 years until his death. He was born in Ankara.

He was known for his hard negotiation tactics with the big clubs in Turkey and searching for abilities especially for discovering talent from Africa.

In November 2014 Cavcav announced that he would be fining bearded players, claiming that they were a bad influence for the youth. Cavcav said that he would fine players that kept their beards 25,000 Turkish Liras and also attacked UEFA for not banning beards in all of its completions.

Cavcav was taken to hospital after falling and hitting his head, which caused a brain hemorrhage. He was kept in intensive care unit. One day later, on January 22, 2017, he was pronounced dead.



Chen Yu-mei

Chen Yu-mei (; 22 July 1966 – 22 January 2017) was a politician in the Republic of China. She served as Deputy Minister of the Overseas Community Affairs Council of the Executive Yuan from 18 September 2013 to 8 August 2014.

On 8 August 2014, Chen officially resigned to attend to other career plans. She was succeeded by Hsin Shih-chang, a professor from National Taiwan Normal University.

Cristina Adela Foișor

Cristina Adela Foișor (7 June 1967, Petroșani – 22 January 2017, Timișoara), née Badulescu, was a Romanian chess player, an Mnternational Master and Woman Grandmaster. She won the Women's Romanian Chess Championship five times.

She had competed for the world championship several times, most recently the Women's World Chess Championship 2012 when she went out in the first round in an Armageddon game. In the season 2016/17 she played for Schachfreunde Deizisau in 2. Bundesliga Süd. 

Foisor died of complications from pneumonia after several days in a coma at County Hospital of Timișoara, Romania, aged 49.

Andy Marte

Andy Manuel Marte (October 21, 1983 – January 22, 2017) was a Dominican professional baseball third baseman. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Atlanta Braves, Cleveland Indians and Arizona Diamondbacks. He also played in the KBO League for the KT Wiz. He was born in Villa Tapia, Dominican Republic.

Marte was killed in a car crash near San Francisco de Macorís, Dominican Republic on January 22, 2017, aged 33.


József Torgyán

József Torgyán (16 November 1932 − 22 January 2017) was a Hungarian lawyer and politician. He was chairman of the Independent Smallholders' Party. He served as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development in the government of Viktor Orbán from 1998 through 2001. He was born in Mátészalka, Hungary.

Torgyán in Budapest, Hungary on 22 January 2017 from heart failure, aged 84.


Pete Overend Watts

Peter Overend Watts (13 May 1947 – 22 January 2017) was an English bass guitarist. He was known for being the founding member and guitarist of 1970s rock band, Mott the Hoople. He was born in Birmingham, England. His book ""The Man Who Hated Walking"" was published in 2013.

Watts died in Birmingham on 22 January 2017 from throat cancer at the age of 69.

Yordano Ventura

Yordano Ventura Hernández (; June 3, 1991 – January 22, 2017) was a Dominican professional baseball pitcher. He played for the Kansas City Royals of Major League Baseball (MLB) from 2013 through 2016. He was twice named to the All-Star Futures Game. He was born in Samaná, Dominican Republic.

Ventura made his MLB debut on September 17, 2013. He was known as a power pitcher, his fastball was much valued by the Royals during his tenure with the team. In 2014, Ventura's 96.2 mph average fastball velocity (96.4 for two-seamers) ranked second-best among MLB starters. He helped the Royals win the 2015 World Series.

On January 22, 2017, Ventura was killed in a car accident in the city of Juan Adrián, Dominican Republic, aged 25.


Jaki Liebezeit

Jaki Liebezeit (May 26, 1938 – January 22, 2017) was a German drummer. He was best known as a founding member of Can, who has been called "one of the few drummers to convincingly meld the funky and the cerebral". He also played the piano and saxophone. He was born in Dresden, Germany.

Liebezeit died on January 22, 2017 in Cologne, Germany from pneumonia, aged 78.

Park Ridge, New Jersey

Park Ridge is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. Park Ridge had a population of 8,883 as of the 2020 United States Census.

The borough is a part of the Pascack Valley region of Bergen County. It is bounded by the boroughs of Montvale, River Vale, Woodcliff Lake and Hillsdale.

The Hertz Corporation, a car rental company, had been headquartered in Park Ridge and was the borough's largest single taxpayer. Sony Corporation of America has an R&D and engineering facility in Park Ridge.

Famous people were either born or raised here in Park Ridge: James Gandolfini, The Roches, and Pat Nixon. 

ELF/Filecoder.A

ELF/Filecoder.A is a ransomware Trojan that infects Unix systems. There are different versions of the Trojan for several different flavors of Unix, including Linux, FreeBSD, and MacOS. Like other ransomware, it encrypts files on the system and demands payment for decryption.

The Trojan infected Linux servers using a flaw in the Magento eCommerce platform. Additionally, hackers broke into the hosting site for the Transmission BitTorrent client and infected version 2.90 for MacOS.

Parliament of India

The Parliament of India is the supreme legislative body of the Republic of India. The Parliament is composed of the President of India and the houses. It is bicameral with two houses: the Rajya Sabha (Council of States) and the Lok Sabha (House of the People).The Rajya Sabha is also known as the Upper house and the Lok Sabha is known as the lower house.But this does not mean that Lok Sabha is less powerful than Rajya Sabha.In fact,the Lok Sabha is much more powerful than the Rajya Sabha.

Hollywood Sign

The Hollywood Sign (formerly the Hollywoodland Sign) is a landmark and American cultural icon located in Los Angeles, California. It is near on Mount Lee, in the Hollywood Hills area of the Santa Monica Mountains. The sign overlooks Hollywood, Los Angeles.

"HOLLYWOOD" is spelled out in -tall white capital letters and is long. It was originally created in 1923 as an advertisement for a local real estate development, but it gained increasing recognition after the sign was left up.

The "LAND" section of the "HOLLYWOODLAND" sign was removed in September 1949, because the real estate developers did not want to use the sign to advertise the "Hollywoodland" housing development anymore, but to reflect the Hollywood district.

The sign was a frequent target of pranks and vandalism, but it has since undergone restoration in 1978, including the installation of a security system to deter vandalism. The sign is protected and promoted by The Trust For Public Land, a nonprofit organization, while its site and the surrounding land are part of Griffith Park.

Jefferson Memorial

The Jefferson Memorial is a presidential memorial in Washington, D.C.. It was dedicated to the 3rd President of the United States Thomas Jefferson. The neoclassical Memorial building on the Tidal Basin off the Washington Channel of the Potomac River was designed by the architect John Russell Pope. 

Construction began in December 1938. It was complete in 1939 with a ceremony attended by then-President Franklin D. Roosevelt. As a National Memorial it was administratively listed on the National Register of Historic Places on October 15, 1966.

The World According to Novikoff

The World According to Novikoff () is a thriller novel by Russian writer Andrei Gusev, published in 2006.

The novel covers the time period from nineties of the last century to zero years of the present century. We can see a wide panorama of life in Russia. The life of an ordinary man in modern Russia describes in the novel. At the same time "The World According to Novikoff" is a thriller novel which focuses on a plot to use nuclear materials by Islamic terrorists in Moscow.

The main character, Victor Novikoff is a painter. He works in “The New literary newspaper” in Moscow; later he works as an editor in the Russian Agency "Interteleks", which is easily guessed "Interfax". The last place of Victor Novikoff’ work is Trell publisher, which very similar to famous publishing Astrel, AST group from Moscow. He works here as a literary editor and he receives a manuscript in which the plot of Islamic terrorist acts describes. He must decide what to do with it. From him it depends largely: whether this manuscript will be accepted for publication as a literary story.

"The World According to Novikoff" is a novel with a non-linear storyline. The angle of view combines all four parts of this novel: two points of view — male and female — on the same vital conflict, moral problems, erotic transactions.

From an other side this novel is a mixt of thriller and fantasy. At the cover of the book we can read: ""All the characters of this book, including famous politicians, are a figment of the imagination of the author. If you find some convergence with the Russian reality, then so much the worse for last"."

“After reading the book "The World According to Novikoff" by Andrei Gusev, I'm quite certain that it simply must be done bedside book each President to know how not to do a history, how not to lead the country. Kudos to Herostratus, destroyed one of the seven wonders of the world — the Temple of Artemis at Ephesus, this is not the kind of Fame, to which we should aspire”. — "" 

Because of political reasons this novel was removed from some Russian literary portals.


Moshe Gershuni

Moshe Gershuni (11 September 1936 – 22 January 2017) was an Israeli painter and sculptor. He was born in Tel Aviv. He was known for his paintings in the 1980s which recognised The Holocaust. In 2003, he was awarded the Israel Prize for his paintings. However, Gershuni wanted to get the award without going to the event. Because of this, his Israel Prize was not given to him.

Gershuni died on 22 January 2017 in Tel Aviv at the age of 80.

Special Administrative Region

A Special Administrative Region (SAR) is a region in China that has a high level of autonomy, or a lot of power to rule itself. There are two SAR's in China, Hong Kong and Macau. Unlike other regions in mainland China, SAR's have a Basic Law, a constitution that is different from that of the People's Republic of China (PRC). Basic Law allows Hong Kong and Macau to have freedoms that are not in the rest of China, like freedom of religion, freedom of speech, freedom of the Press, freedom of assembly, and freedom to petition. Basic Law also allows the SAR's to decide the economic rules of their region, which is why the economies are a lot less controlled in Hong Kong and Macau than in mainland China, as well as giving them the freedom to choose who to let into their own regions without needing a visa. As a result, Hong Kong and Macau have their own currencies, passports, official languages, etc. This is commonly known as the "one country, two systems" policy.

Chinese is an official language in both SAR's, but unlike mainland China where Mandarin is the main spoken language and simplified Chinese is the main written language, Cantonese is the most spoken language and traditional Chinese is the main written language in these areas. The vagueness of simply stating Chinese as the official language allows this to happen. Also, English and Portuguese, the main languages of the nations that controlled Hong Kong and Macau in the past in respective order, are also official languages in the respective SAR's.

After the British Empire defeated China in the Opium Wars, China was forced to give up Hong Kong to the British after signing unequal treaties that favored British interests. They had to give up control of Hong Kong Island in 1842, Kowloon Peninsula in 1860, and were made to lease New Territories for a period of 99 years in 1898. In the 1980s, when its lease of New Territories was nearly over, the United Kingdom sought to renew its lease of New Territories. However, China refused to renew the lease. Since New Territories had half of Hong Kong's people and most of its water supply, having Kowloon and Hong Kong Island without New Territories would have ruined Hong Kong's economy. Reluctantly, Britain decided in 1984 to begin talks on giving Hong Kong back in 1984. In 1988, China agreed to uphold Basic Law, which would make Hong Kong into an SAR when it gets returned to China, and in 1997, Hong Kong was returned to the PRC.

IN 1557, the Portuguese Empire made a permanent settlement on Macau, after being given permission from China to dock and trade there. However, it took over Taipa in 1951 and Coloane in 1864, and in 1887, China was forced to sign a treaty to make Macau a permanent colony of Portugal. However, after a military coup overthrew the Portuguese government in 1974, the new government made a promise to give back all the lands it took overseas. In 1986, Portugal and China began talks on how to bring control of Macau back to China peacefully, and in 1999, Macau became an SAR in the PRC.

As SAR's, China agrees that "commercial, social and legal life of Hong Kong/Macau will remain as it is" until after their first 50 years of being part of the PRC. For Hong Kong, its uninterrupted status will last until 2047, and for Macau, it will last until 2049. Afterwards, the PRC is allowed to rule over Hong Kong and Macau as it pleases.

Kasaragod

Kasaragod District () is one of the 14 districts in the state of Kerala, India. Kasaragod became part of Kannur district following the reorganisation of states and formation of Kerala in November 1, 1956. Kasaragod was declared as a district on 24 May 1984.

Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte

Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte, or Sri Jayewardenepura Kotte, is also known as Kotte. It is the official capital of Sri Lanka. Sri Jayawardenepura Kotte is in the urban area of Colombo.

Haldenwang, Oberallgäu

Haldenwang is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. It is one the eastern side of the Iller valley. The mayor has been Josef Wölfle (CSU) since 1 May 2014. 

Deinocheirus

Deinocheirus ( ) is a genus of ornithomimid dinosaur from the Cretaceous of Mongolia. In 1965, arms and shoulder girdles were found.

More parts were found in 2014, and this large dinosaur was probably omnivorous.

Dmytro Grabovskyy

Dmytro Grabovskyy (, 30 September 1985 – 23 January 2017) was a Ukrainian-Israeli professional road bicycle racer. He was born in Simferopol, Ukraine. He last competed for UCI Continental team ISD-Lampre. He was second in the time trial for juniors at the 2005 World Championship Cycling in Madrid and he won the road race.

Grabovsky became an Israeli citizen in 2014.

He died from a heart attack on 23 January 2017, aged 31.


Gorden Kaye

Gordon Fitzgerald Kaye, known professionally as Gorden Kaye (7 April 1941 – 23 January 2017) was a BAFTA-nominated English comic actor. He was best known for playing René Artois in the British TV comedy series "%27Allo %27Allo!". He also was the roadie for Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias.

Kaye was born in Huddersfield, West Riding of Yorkshire. When young, Kaye played rugby league for Moldgreen ARLFC before studying at King James's Grammar School, Almondbury, Huddersfield. Kaye died under hospice care in England on 23 January 2017, aged 75.


Ruth Samuelson

Ruth Culbertson Samuelson (November 4, 1959 – January 23, 2017) was an American Republican politician. She was a member of the North Carolina General Assembly, representing the 104th district in the North Carolina House of Representatives from 2007 to 2015. She announced on October 15, 2013, that she would not seek re-election for a fifth term and would leave office at the end of her current term, after the 2014 elections.

From 2000 to 2004, Samuelson served as a member of the Mecklenburg County Board of Commissioners, representing the Fifth District. In 2004, she ran for an At-Large seat on the Board of Commissioners, but lost in a tight general election race.

Samuelson was born in Charleston, South Carolina. She revealed in June 2016 that she had been diagnosed with ovarian cancer. Samuelson died on January 23, 2017 under hospice care in Charlotte, North Carolina, aged 57.

Time in Russia

Russia currently has eleven time zones:

Daylight saving time (DST) is no longer observed in Russia but it was used from when it was part of the Soviet Union until 2011, then President Dmitry Medvedev announced on February 8, 2011, that summer time will be used all year, leaving Moscow Time on UTC+4 year round.

On 22 July 2014, Another bill was re-introduced, forcing all Russian time zones to move an hour back, and Moscow Time is now on UTC+3 on October 26, 2014. However, the 
More time changes occurred in 2016. On March 27, several times were changed:
On April 24, another time zone was changed:
On July 24, another time zone was changed:
And, on December 4, another time zone was changed:

SpongeBob SquarePants (season 1)

The first season of the American animated television series SpongeBob SquarePants, created by former marine biologist and animator Stephen Hillenburg, aired on Nickelodeon from May 1, 1999, to March 3, 2001, and consists of 20 half-hour episodes. The series chronicles the exploits and adventures of the title character and his various friends in the fictional underwater city of Bikini Bottom. The show features the voices of Tom Kenny, Bill Fagerbakke, Rodger Bumpass, Clancy Brown, Mr. Lawrence, Jill Talley, Carolyn Lawrence, Mary Jo Catlett, and Lori Alan. Among the first guest stars to appear on the show were Ernest Borgnine and Tim Conway voicing the superhero characters of Mermaid Man and Barnacle Boy, respectively.

Kenny initially conceived the show in 2007 and began to work on it shortly after the production of "Regular Show" in 2008. To voice the character of Miguel approached Tom Kenny, who had worked with him on "Rocko's Modern Life". The show was originally to be called "SpongeBoy Ahoy!", but the name "SpongeBoy" was already in use for an art pencil product. Upon finding it out, Hillenburg decided to use the name "SpongeBob". He chose "SquarePants" as a family name as it referred to the character's square shape and it had a "nice ring to it".

Creator Stephen Hillenburg initially conceived "SpongeBob SquarePants" in 1984, while he was teaching and studying marine biology at what is now the Orange County Ocean Institute.

While Hillenburg was there, his love of the ocean began to influence his artistry. He created a precursor to "SpongeBob SquarePants": a comic book titled "The Intertidal Zone" used by the institute to teach visiting students about the animal life of tide pools. The comic starred various anthropomorphic sea lifeforms, many of which would evolve into "SpongeBob SquarePants" characters.

SpongeBob SquarePants (season 3)

SpongeBob SquarePants is an American animated television series. The third season was on television from October 5, 2001 to October 11, 2004.

Stephen Hillenburg, the creator of SpongeBob Squarepants, stopped making the television series in order to make "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie". The television series was meant to end after the movie was released. Because the movie was so popular, the television series continued.

The third season won both the 2003 and 2004 Nickelodeon Kids' Choice Awards for Favorite Cartoon.


Samhain

Samhain is the Gaelic celebration at the end of the harvest season and the beginning of winter. It is pronounced SOW-in. This festival is also celebrated in Paganism and Wicca. It is now known as Halloween or All Hallows' Eve and celebrated on the 31st of October. 

A common legend on Samhain is that it is easy to talk to the dead. One way to do this is by using a Ouija board, a wooden board with numbers and letters on it.

Andrew Telegdi

Andrew Telegdi, PC (András Telegdi; May 28, 1946 – January 23, 2017) was a Hungarian-born Canadian politician. He was a Liberal Member of Parliament in the Canadian House of Commons from 1993 to 2008, representing Waterloo and the successor riding of Kitchener—Waterloo.

In 2014, Telgedi ran and lost in the 2014 Waterloo Regional Elections. He came in third place to become one of two councillors for Waterloo on the Waterloo Regional Council.

Telegdi was born in Budapest, Hungary. He studied at the University of Waterloo in the 1970s. Telegdi died on January 23, 2017 in Waterloo, Ontario, aged 70.

FAW Group

FAW Group Corporation is a Chinese Government-owned corporation automotive manufacturing company headquartered in Changchun, Jilin, China. Its principal products are automobiles; buses; light, medium, and heavy-duty trucks; and auto parts. FAW became China's first automobile manufacturer when it unveiled the nation's first domestically produced passenger car, the Hong Qi, in 1958. 1953

Richard DeVos

Richard Marvin DeVos Sr. (March 4, 1926 – September 6, 2018) was an American businessman. He was known for being the co-founder of Amway along with Jay Van Andel (company restructured as Alticor in 2000), and owner of the Orlando Magic NBA basketball team.

In 2012, "Forbes" magazine listed him as the 60th richest person in the United States, and the 205th richest in the world, with an estimated net worth of $5.1 billion. At one point, he was one of the 10 richest Americans.

DeVos was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He studied at Calvin College. He served in the military in World War II in the United States Army Air Corps. He was married to Helen June Van Wesep from 1953 until her death in 2017. Together, they had four children. His son, Dick DeVos, is married to Betsy DeVos the 11th and current United States Secretary of Education.

He was a Reformed Christian.

DeVos died on September 6, 2018 from complication of an infection in Ada, Michigan at the age of 92.


Cère

The Cère is a French river, in the Massif Central, that flows through the Cantal, Corrèze and Lot departments. It is a left tributary of the Dordogne (river) and is the main river of the Cantal department.

For about , the Cère forms the border between, first, the Corrèze and the Cantal departments and, later, between the Corrèze and the Lot departments.

The Cère river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of . 

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Biars-sur-Cère in the Lot department.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Biars-sur-Cère
The source of the Cère river is in the southwestern Massif Central, in Col de Font de Cèrein the "commune" of Saint-Jacques-des-Blats, at an altitude of about , in the Cantal department.

The Cère river flows to the west, in general, through 3 regions, 3 departments and 29 "communes". Several "communes" are named after the river: Vic-sur-Cère, Arpajon-sur-Cère, Laval-de-Cère, Gagnac-sur-Cère, Biars-sur-Cère. It flows through the following "communes", among others:

Finally, it flows into the Dordogne river in the town of Girac in the Marne department.

The main tributaries, over 20 km long, of the Cère river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

California National Party

The California National Party (CNP) is a political party in the state of California. The party was founded in 2015. It has been described by California legislative historian Alex Vassar as "the biggest-promising political party you haven't heard of". It is currently chaired by Theo Slater. The party's main goal is achieving California's independence from the United States of America. Their platform also includes a wide range of proposed reforms. This includes health care, schools and welfare. Many of their proposals are generally left of center and reflect the party's "pragmatic progressive" ideology. 

Yes California

The Yes California Independence Campaign is an American political action committee. It promotes the secession of the state of California from the United States via a referendum proposed for 2019. The campaign president is Louis J. Marinelli. He is a former New Yorker who lives in Russia He has received help from the Russian government to promote his efforts. Marinelli was encouraged by the news of Brexit, the United Kingdom plan for leaving the European Union. The group has been nicknamed "Calexit" for California exit. The left-wing group was allowed to set up a makeshift embassy in Moscow under the name the “Embassy of the Independent Republic of California". The Kremlin has been known for supporting secessionist movements in Europe and the United States.

Administrator of the Small Business Administration

The Administrator of the Small Business Administration is the head of the Small Business Administration of the United States Government.

President Obama announced in January 2012 that he would elevate the SBA into the Cabinet. This is a position that last held during the Clinton administration. The position was established in 1953 by President Dwight D. Eisenhower.

Vincent Viola

Vincent "Vinnie" Viola (born 1956 in New York City) is an American billionaire businessman and philanthropist. Viola was the nominee for United States Secretary of the Army after being nominated by Donald Trump in December 2016. He withdrew his name from consideration on February 3, 2017.

He is the former chairman of the New York Mercantile Exchange (NYMEX), and the founder and chairman of Virtu Financial. Viola is the owner of the Florida Panthers, a National Hockey League (NHL) ice hockey team.

Heather Wilson

Heather Ann Wilson (born December 30, 1960) is an American politician. Wilson was the 24th United States Secretary of the Air Force from May 16, 2017 through May 31, 2019. She served as President of the South Dakota School of Mines and Technology in Rapid City, South Dakota. She is a former Republican member of the United States House of Representatives representing from 1998 to 2009. She was the first female military veteran elected to a full term in Congress.

After leaving Congress she was leading consulting firm Heather Wilson & Company.

On January 23, 2017, President Donald Trump announced his intentions to nominate Wilson as Secretary of the Air Force. The United States Senate confirmed her nomination on May 8, 2017.

On March 8, 2019, Wilson said that she would resign as Secretary, on May 31, 2019, in order to become President of the University of Texas at El Paso.

The Mirage

The Mirage is a 3,044 room hotel and casino resort located on the strip in Las Vegas, Nevada. The casino is owned by MGM Mirage. 

The Mirage has a 20,000-gallon saltwater aquarium with over 450 species of fish. It has an indoor tropical rainforest housed in its tall atrium. In front of the Mirage is a volcano that erupts nightly depending on the season. Every hour there is a fire show. The huge balls of fire are choreographed to music and light up the lagoon next to it. 

The Mirage is connected by a free tram to Treasure Island, its sister property immediately to the north.


Marta Kubišová

Marta Kubišová (1 November 1942 České Budějovice, then in Protectorate of Bohemia and Moravia) is a Czech singer most popular in Czechoslovakia in 1960s. She won "Zlatý slavík" TV award in 1967. 

Family

Marta Kubišová’s father was a cardiologist and her mother a housewife. Her family moved to Poděbrady in 1952. She married Jan Něměc, who later emigrated and they got divorced. Her second husband was director Jan Moravec. Her daughter Kateřina was born on 1 June 1979.

Her singing career started with a dance group in Nymburk. She reached the finals in "Hledáme nové talenty" in 1961. In 1963 she moved to Plzeň to perform. In September 1964 she performed in theater Rokoko. She won "Silver Lyre of Bratislava" with Helena Vondráčková in 1966. She created the group 'Golden Kids' with Václav Neckář and Vondráčková in 1967. Her song "Prayer for Marta" became a symbol of national resistance against the occupation of Warsaw Pact troops in 1968. During the Prague Spring, she recorded over 200 SP records and one LP ("Songy a Balady"), which was immediately banned from stores. The government unjustly banned her from performing in February 1970. She signed the Charter 77 and she became their speaker. 

She suffered a miscarriage and survived clinical death. Marta was also an actress and she met her husband Jan Němec while filming. In 1990s and 2000s she also took part in concerts to promote human rights. She was awarded the "Honorary Medal of T. G. Masaryk" in 1998 and in October 2002 she got the "St. Wenceslas Honours".

Ouija board

The Ouija (pronounced wee-jee or wee-jah) is a game board supposedly used to talk to the dead. It is designed to be a fun activity based on self-deception. They are also called "spirit boards" or "talking boards. It is a flat board with the numbers 0-9 and all the letters of the alphabet. It has the words "yes" and "no" at the top with the word "goodbye" on the bottom. The board uses a planchette, which is a small wooden plank in the shape of an upside down heart. It has a glass circle (or plain hole) in the top. The player asks a question. Then one or more players guide the planchette to the letters or numbers to spell out a message. However, Scientists know the game is based on the ideomotor effect. A participant believes they are not controlling the message, that it comes from ghosts or spirits. It can seem very mysterious. But anyone can test a Ouija board by blindfolding or hiding the board from the ones moving the planchette. What usually results is gibberish and no message.


Plomb du Cantal

Plomb du Cantal is a French mountain, the highest summit of Mounts of Cantal in the "Massif Central", France. It is part of the Regional Natural Park of the Volcanoes of Auvergne ().

It is the highest mountain of the Cantal department and the second highest in the Massif Central, after Puy de Sancy that is high.

Plomb du Cantal is in the Mounts of Cantal, a chain of volcanic mountains in the Massif Central, in the centre of the Cantal department. It is at about to the northeast of Aurillac, the capital of the Cantal department.

The summit is on the border between the "communes" of Saint-Jacques-des-Blats to the west and Albepierre-Bredons to the east.

Many rivers start on the slopes of the mountain; they flow through three main drainage basins:

The Plomb du Cantal, with other near mountains, is part of the stratovolcano of Cantal, the largest French stratovolcano and one of the most important of Europe with an area of almost . It had, 4 millions of years ago, an elevation of or higher.

Because its importance for the movement of migratory birds, the Plomb du Cantal together with the Mounts of Cantal are part of a Special Protection Area since 2005: FR8310066 - Monts et Plomb du Cantal.

There are two main ski stations (places where people go to practice skiing) on the slopes of Plomb du Cantal or near it: "Le Lioran", also known as "Super Lioran", and "Prat-de-Bouc".

To get to the summit, there are three climbing routes:


Xin Zhui

Xin Zhui (213 BC-163 BC) also known as Lady Dai or the Diva Mummy is a 2,100-year-old mummy from the Western Han Dynasty. To date, she is the best preserved ancient human ever found. She was the wife of Li Cang, the marquis of Dai. She had gained fame more than 2,000 years after her death. This was when her tomb was discovered inside a hill in Hunan, China. She and her jewels are located at the Hunan Provincial Museum.

In 1971, her mummified body was found. All her organs and blood vessels were still seen. They found out that she had Type A blood. Her skin was still elastic. Her joints could still be moved. She still had her eyelashes and hair in her nostrils. Lady Dai was overweight. She suffered from diabetes. She also had high blood pressure, clogged arteries and her heart was badly damaged.

Xin died from a heart attack because of poor health conditions at the time. She also suffered internal parasites and had gallstones logged in her gall bladder. She had also suffered a lot of pain from a fused spinal disc.


Table (landform)

A table (landform) is a high rock structure with a flat top. There are many different terms for this landform feature.

The tuya is a structure formed by a subglacial (under ice) volcano. Lava erupts underneath an overlying glacier or ice sheet. It melts through to the surface and pools, producing the flat plateau on top with near-vertical walls along the ice-contact margin as the lava cools and hardens. 

A similar landform is the tepui, which has a rather different origin. A body of hard rock resists erosion. It was originally inside a body of softer rock such as limestone, which got eroded away to form a plain. The more resistant rock is left behind as an isolated mountain. The term is used for the table-top mountains of South America. Auyán-tepui in the Guiana Highlands, Venezuela is the source of the Angel Falls, the tallest waterfall in the world. It is 19 times higher than Niagara Falls.


Table Mountain in South Africa is the best-known example of a table landform.

Meierijstad

Meierijstad (literally "Bailiwick City") is a municipality in North Brabant, a province in Netherlands. It is the largest municipality in the province and in the eastern part.

About 79,000 people live there, on an area of about 185 km².

Meierijstad is established in 2017. Two municipalities, Schijndel, Sint-Oedenrode and Veghel, joined to become Meierijstad.

Biggest settlement is the town of Veghel, also containing the town hall. However, council meetings are held at Dommelrode Castle in Sint-Oedenrode.

Both the Zuid-Willemsvaart canal and the A50 motorway cross municipality.

Chandannagar

Chandannagar is a municipal corporation in the state of West Bengal, India. It was formerly spelled Chandranagore. It was a former French colony along with present Puducherry, Union territory. It is a part of the Kolkata Metropolitan Area. Chandannagar is located on the banks of the Hooghly River. The total area of the city is . The total population of the city is 166,867 according to the 2011 Census of India. Chandannagar was a French territory until India gained its independence from France in 1949. In 1954 it came under the jurisdiction of West Bengal.

Abenaki language

Abenaki, or Abnaki, is an endangered Algonquian language of Quebec and the northern states of New England. The language has Eastern and Western forms. They differ in vocabulary and phonology. They are sometimes considered distinct languages.

Eastern Abenaki languages were spoken by several peoples, including the Micmac, Maliseet, Passamaquoddy, and Penobscot of coastal Maine. The last known fluent speaker of Eastern Abenaki (Penobscot) died during the 1990s. However, several Penobscot elders still speak Penobscot. There is an ongoing effort to preserve it and teach it in the local schools. Only a handful of Western Abenaki speakers remain today. 

Stencil

A stencil is a blocking material used to mask a surface. In it there are holes for ink or paint to pass through. That way an image is made on the material behind the stencil. Stencils are used when many copies are needed of the same image. It is used in street art, and many public notices.

Screen printing is a printing technique using a fine mesh. Ink is applied except in areas blocked by a stencil.

Virender Sehwag

Virender Sehwag is a former Indian cricketer and former captain of the Indian National Cricket Team. He was renowned as a destructive and aggressive player. He holds numerous records in international and Indian cricket. He is a right arm batsman and right arm off-spin bowler.

Sehwag was the first Indian batsman to score Triple century in Test cricket. He scored 319 off 278 balls against South Africa in M. A. Chidambaram Stadium. It is the fastest triple century since then. He holds the massive Indian record of scoring the fastest 300,250,200 and 150 in Test cricket. Sehwag is the only personality of any nationality to be honoured as the Wisden Leading Cricketer in the World twice.

Place of articulation

In phonetics (the study of sounds in human speech), the place of articulation of a sound is where in the mouth the sound is made (articulated). There are at least 13 different places of articulation. They are split into four big types.

Labial sounds are made with one or two lips.
They are split into three types:

Bilabial sounds are made with both lips.
The bilabial sounds in English are [], [], and [].

Labiodental sounds are made with the lips and the teeth.
Almost always the top lip and the bottom teeth are used.
The labiodental sounds in English are [] and [].

Linguolabial sounds are made by the tongue touching the top lip.
There are no linguolabial sounds in English.
Sometimes it is said to be part of the next group (Coronal).

Coronal sounds are made with the tip of the tongue. They are split into three types:

Dental sounds are made by the tip of the tongue touching the back of the teeth. The dental sounds in English are [] and [].

Alveolar sounds are made by the tip of the tongue touching the ridge behind the teeth. The alveolar sounds in English are [], [], [], [], [], and [].

Retroflex sounds are made by pressing the tongue flat against the front part of roof of the mouth. There are no retroflex sounds in English.

Palatal sounds are made by the body of the tongue and the middle part of the roof of the mouth. The only palatal sound in English is []. Some say that it is part of the next group (dorsal).

Dorsal sounds are made with the body of the tongue.

Velar sounds are made with the back of the tongue and the soft palate. There are three velar sounds in most dialects of English: [], [], and [].

Uvular sounds are made with the back of the tongue and the uvula. There are no uvular sounds in English.

Naqsh Lyallpuri

Jaswant Rai Sharma, (24 February 1927 – 22 January 2017) popularly known by his pen name Naqsh Lyallpuri, was an Indian ghazal and Bollywood song writer. He was born in Lyallpur (now called Faisalabad), British India. Lyallpuri worked with many Bollywood music directors including Madan Mohan, Khayyam, Jaidev, Naushad, and Ravindra Jain. He had close association with director B. R. Ishara from their first movie "Chetna" in 1970.

Lyallpuri was known for his work in "Chetna", "Gharonda", "Dard", "Kala Suraj", "", and "Yatra". 

Lyallpuri died at his home in Mumbai, India on 22 January 2017 from complications of a hip fracture, aged 89.

Henry McMaster

Henry Dargan McMaster (born May 27, 1947) is an American politician. He is the 117th and current Governor of South Carolina since January 24, 2017. He became governor when Nikki Haley resigned to become the Ambassador to the United Nations. 

McMaster was born into a wealthy South Carolina family who owned many slaves before the American Civil War. His father John was also a politician. 

He last served as the 91st Lieutenant Governor of South Carolina from 2015 to 2017, as well as Attorney General of South Carolina from 2003 to 2011. From 1981 to 1985, McMaster served as United States Attorney, where he was known for Operation Jackpot. McMaster served on the South Carolina Commission on Higher Education and chaired the South Carolina Republican Party from 1993 to 2002.


Lawrence Kudlow

Lawrence Alan "Larry" Kudlow (born August 20, 1947) is an American conservative commentator, economic analyst, television personality, and newspaper columnist. He was the 12th Director of the National Economic Council from April 2, 2018 to January 20, 2021. He was the host of CNBC's "The Kudlow Report". As a syndicated columnist, his articles appear in numerous U.S. newspapers and web sites, including his own blog, "Kudlow's Money Politic$".

In March 2018, President Donald Trump appointed Kudlow to be Director of the National Economic Council, replacing Gary Cohn.

Kudlow was born and raised in Englewood, New Jersey.

He is of Jewish descent, and converted to Roman Catholicism.

On June 11, 2018, Kudlow suffered a heart attack.

In 1970, while he was still a Democrat, Kudlow joined chair Joseph Duffey's "New Politics" senatorial campaign in Connecticut which also attracted an "A-list crowd of young Democrats", including Yale University law student Bill Clinton, John Podesta, and , another future conservative. Duffey was a leading anti-war politician during the Vietnam war era. Duffey's campaign manager called Kudlow a "brilliant organizer". In 1976, he worked on the U.S. Senate campaign of Daniel Patrick Moynihan, along with Tim Russert, against Conservative Party incumbent James L. Buckley, brother of William F. Buckley, Jr.

Kudlow began his career as a staff economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, taking a position "as a junior economist in a job where a master's degree wasn't required". He worked in the division of the Fed that handled .

During the first term of the Reagan administration (1981–1985), Kudlow was associate director for economics and planning in the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), a part of the Executive Office of the President. In April 2005, New York Governor George Pataki included Kudlow in a six-member state tax commission.

Kudlow's name was floated by Republicans as a potential Senate candidate in either or New York in 2016. In October 2015, U.S. Senator Richard Blumenthal, in an email to supporters, attacked Kudlow as "a champion of big corporations and big money" despite Kudlow's not announcing a run. In early December 2015, Jack Fowler of "National Review" created a 527 organization that encouraged Kudlow to run.


Daya (singer)

Grace Martine Tandon (better known as Daya; born October 24, 1998) is an American singer-songwriter. She released her self titled extended play (EP), "Daya", on September 4, 2015. The EP included the song "Hide Away". "Hide Away" peaked at #23 on "Billboard" Hot 100. On October 7, 2016, she released her first studio album "Sit Still, Look Pretty".

In 2017, Daya was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Dance Recording for her work on the song "Don't Let Me Down" from the Chainsmokers.

Daya was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.

Immenstadt

Immenstadt im Allgäu is a municipality in the Oberallgäu, the southernmost district of Bavaria, Germany. It is in the German Alps. Armin Schaupp became mayor in 2008.

Immenstadt was first mentioned in a 1275 administrative document. It was granted town privileges in 1360 by emperor Charles IV. This makes it one of the oldest towns in the area. It was the seat of the counts of Königsegg-Rothenfels until 1804. Immenstadt was a garrison town in the First World War, and was bombed once in the Second World War. In 1999 parts of the municipality were flooded.


Tiliqua scincoides

The Australian Blue Tongue lizard or skink is the most common blue tongue lizard in Australia, occupying most of the east coast. This means they are the species that most interacts with people.

Soweto uprising

The Soweto Uprising was a series of protests lead by high school students in South Africa against introduction of Afrikaans as official language in education with oppression and neglecting their first languages. The uprising started on the morning of 16 June 1976.

Students from many Sowetan schools began to protest in the streets of Soweto because Afrikaans had been introduced as the language of teaching in local schools. It is estimated that 20,000 students took part in the protests. The police responded by killing many protesters. The number of people killed in the uprising is usually given as 176, but estimates of up to 700 have been made. In remembrance of these events, 16 June is now a public holiday in South Africa, named Youth Day.

Siewert Öholm

Henrik Siewert Natanael Öholm (7 August 1939 – 25 January 2017), better known as Siewert Öholm, was a Swedish journalist and television presenter. He worked for Sveriges Radio between 1971 and 2002. He also worked on shows for Sveriges Television. He was also a debater for social conservatism values.

Öholm was born in Husby. He was married twice and had four sons, including MP politician Oskar Öholm.

Öholm died from liver cancer on 25 January 2017 in Växjö. He was 77.

Carlos Verdejo

Carlos Enrique Verdejo Verdejo (2 October 1934 – 24 January 2017) was a Chilean footballer. He played as a forward. He played for Everton de Viña del Mar, Deportes La Serena, Santiago Wanderers and Palestino.

Verdejo was born in Valparaíso. He died in Viña del Mar at the age of 82.



Chuck Weyant

Chuck Weyant (April 3, 1923 – January 24, 2017) was an American racecar driver. He competed in 1955, 1957, 1958 and 1959 Indianapolis 500 races. Until his death, Weyant was the oldest living Indianapolis 500 veteran. He was born in St. Marys, Ohio.

Weyant died on January 24, 2017 at the age of 93.

Fred André

Fred André (31 May 1941 – 24 January 2017) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a centre-back. He played from the early-1960s to the late-1970s. He was best known for playing for Telstar from 1963 to 1976. He made 328 appearances for the club. He also played for Volendam. He later managed Telstar from 1983 to 1987. He was born in Haarlem, North Holland.

André died on 24 January 2017 at the age of 75.

Søren Elung Jensen

Søren Elung Jensen (7 July 1928 – 22 January 2017) was a Danish actor. He was born in Odense. He appeared in 22 movies between 1960 and 1999.

Elung Jensen died from lung cancer on 22 January 2017 in Hellerup. He was 88.


Perthshire

Perthshire () is a county in central Scotland. Officially, it is the County of Perth, and a registration county in central Scotland. By "registration" is meant marriage and land registration uses Perthshire as a county. 
After 1930, when it was an administrative county, governments changed the local system time and again. At the moment Perthshire is split between Clackmannanshire, Perth and Kinross and Stirling. Ordinary people stil call it Perthshire.
Perthshire is known as the "big county" and has a wide variety of landscapes, from the rich agricultural land in the east, to the high mountains of the southern Highlands.

Trehafod

Trehafod is a village in the Rhondda Valley between Porth and Pontypridd in Rhondda Cynon Taf, Wales. A former coal mining area, the village is now best known as the site of the Rhondda Heritage Park, visiting site for everyone showing the life of coal mining in Rhondda. Trehafod has many buildings such as the Bed and breakfast and Hafod Primary School. Trehafod primary school is a school for ages 3 to 11 with 8 year groups.

About 1850 a map of the area shows a number of farms in the place that was to become Trehafod, these were named, Hafod Uchaf, Hafod Ganol and Hafod Fawr. Trehafod took its name from these farms. Hafod is a Welsh word that can mean "hill farm".

Trehafod is well known for the Rhondda Heritage Park which was once the Lewis Merthyr mine. At the height for coal mining, the Lewis Merthyr mine was one of the highest rated mines in the South Wales Coalfield.

Due to the River Rhondda flowing very close to a lot of houses within the village there have been a number of floods. The biggest floods were in 1960 which killed one man.

Trehafod train station is on the Rhondda Line which follows the River Rhondda; the train line and river go through the village. The train leaves to different locations such as Cardiff central , Treherbert, Pontypridd, Porth Cardiff queen street, Treforest and Bridgend and arrives from Hengoed and Treorchy. There are many roads in Trehafod but the main road is the A4058 that leads from Treorchy and leads to the river Taff. There are also many bus stops.

Cantons of Bolivia

There are 1,374 cantons in Bolivia.

The cantons come after the municipalities.

Ad astra (phrase)

Ad astra is a Latin phrase that means "to the stars".

The phrase has origins with Virgil, who wrote ' ("thus one journeys to the stars", from Aeneid book IX, line 641, spoken by Apollo to Aeneas's young son Iulus) and ' ("desire to pursue the high (or hard to reach) stars on wings" book XII, lines 892–893, spoken by Aeneas to his foe Turnus in their combat).

Another origin is Seneca the Younger, who wrote "" ("there is no easy way from the earth to the stars", Hercules Furens, line 437, spoken by Megara, Hercules' wife).

Politics of the Netherlands

The politics of the Netherlands is that of an indirect democracy. It has a constitution and a monarchy that operates within the constitution. The democratic structure is determined by a parliament (the legislative branch) and a government (the executive branch). The government depends on the confidence of the parliament, but the two branches aren't strictly separated (the parliamentary system).

The parliament is called the States General (Dutch: "Staten-Generaal") and consists of two chambers: a lower house, the so-called Second Chamber (Dutch: "Tweede Kamer"), comparable with the House of Representatives in other countries, and a upper house, the so-called First Chamber (Dutch: "Eerste Kamer"), comparable with the Senate in other countries, and often called likewise.

At a lower level, there are provinces, municipalities and water boards.

On a higher level, the Netherlands makes part of the Benelux, Council of Europe, European Union, NATO and the United Nations.

The Netherlands is officially called the "Kingdom of the Netherlands". It is composed of four countries: the Netherlands itself (the European part) and three island countries in the Caribbean: Aruba, Curaçao and Saint Martin. Three other islands in the Caribbean that belong to the Netherlands have a status of special municipalities of the Netherlands, the so-called Caribbean Netherlands.

Current government is the Fourth Rutte cabinet, a coalition of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD, a conservative liberal party), Democrats 66 (D66, a social liberal party), the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA, a Christian democratic party), and the ChristianUnion (CU, an orthodox Christian democratic party).

The Fourth Rutte Cabinet was established on January 10, 2022. Prime Minister has been VVD politician Mark Rutte since 2010.

The following 18 political parties are in parliament:


No more in parliament:

Political leaders since 13 December 2023, sorted by the number of seats in the House of Representatives.

Parties represented only in the Senate.



P53

p53 (or "tp53") is a gene vital to many forms of life, including humans. It codes for a protein which suppresses cancer. It has been called "the guardian of the genome". 

The "p53" gene is the most frequently mutated gene (>50%) in human cancer. Its protein product binds to DNA and regulates gene expression to prevent mutations of the genome.

"p53" protein (TP53) is at low levels in human embryonic stem cells (hESCs). This allows the most important cell division to proceed rapidly.

PIA Flight 268

On September 28, 1992 Pakistan International Airlines Flight 268 was approaching Tribhuvan International Airport in Nepal after a flight from Jinnah International Airport in Karachi, Pakistan, which crashed into a mountain in Kathmandu. All 167 people onboard the flight were killed, in Nepal's worst air disaster.

Mauriac, Cantal

Mauriac is a commune in south central France in the region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. It is a subprefecture of the Cantal department. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of the same name.

Mauriac is one of the oldest town in the Cantal department founded about 2,000 years ago.

The town grew around the Saint-Pierre de Mauriac monastery and the Notre-Dame-des-Miracles Basilica.

Mauriac is in the northwest of Cantal, close to the border with the Corrèze department, near the Dordogne river. It is along the Auze river, a left tributary of the Dordogne.

Mauriac is in hilly terrain, with the main populated area at an altitude of about , while the surrounding areas rise to about in the volcanic foothills. The "commune" has an area of .

The "commune" of Mauriac is surrounded by the "communes" Le Vigean, Brageac, Escorailles, Ally, Salins, Jaleyrac, Chaussenac, Sourniac, Drugeac, Chalvignac, Anglards-de-Salers and Méallet.

The climate of Mauriac, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Mauriac are known, in French, as "Mauriacois" (women: "Mauriacoises").

With a population of 3,682, Mauriac has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Mauriac

Mauriac forms with Le Vigean the urban area of Mauriac, one of the seven urban areas of Cantal, with a population of 4,559 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Mauriac, formed by five "communes" with a population of 5,277 inhabitants and an area of .

Mauriac is a subprefecture of the Cantal department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Mauriac and the administrative centre () of the canton of Mauriac.

It is part of the intercommunality "Pays de Mauriac" ().




Rudolf Wille

Rudolf Wille (2 November 1937 – 22 January 2017) was a German mathematician. He was professor of General Algebra from 1970 to 2003 at Darmstadt University of Technology. His best known work was the invention of Formal concept analysis. This is a method to find structures in data, based on objects and their shared attributes. It uses "mathematical lattice theory". 

Wille was born in Bremen on 2 November 1937. He died on 22 January 2017 in Bickenbach, Hesse. He was 79.

Ralph Guglielmi

Ralph Vincent Guglielmi (June 26, 1933 – January 23, 2017) was an American football player. He played as a quarterback. He played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins, St. Louis Cardinals, New York Giants and the Philadelphia Eagles.

Guglielmi was born in Columbus, Ohio. He died on January 23, 2017 in Wallace, North Carolina, aged 83.

Butch Trucks

Claude Hudson "Butch" Trucks (May 11, 1947 – January 24, 2017) was an American drummer. He was a founding member of The Allman Brothers Band. He was a member of the rock band from 1969 until they finally disbanded in 2014. He was added to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1995. He was born in Jacksonville, Florida.

Trucks died on January 24, 2017 in West Palm Beach, Florida at the age of 69. Police said that he had taken his own life by gunshot.

Giovanni Corrieri

Giovanni Corrieri (7 February 1920 – 22 January 2017) was an Italian road bicycle racer. He was professional from 1941 to 1956. He won seven stages in the Giro d'Italia and three in the Tour de France. He was born in Messina, Sicily.

Corrieri died on 22 January 2017 in Prato, Tuscany at the age of 96.


Chuck Canfield

Charles Joseph Canfield (March 24, 1932 – January 24, 2017) was an American businessman. He served as the 43rd Mayor of Rochester, Minnesota from January 6, 1996 through January 6, 2003. Before being elected mayor in 1995, he was 2nd Ward Councilman for the city from 1986 until 1996. He owned a Shakey's Pizza restaurant in northwest Rochester along US Route 52 until its closure in the 2000s. He lost the 2002 mayoral election to Ardell Brede.

Canfield was born and raised in Rochester. He served as an Independent. He was a Christian. Canfield died in Rochester on January 24, 2017 from natural causes, aged 84.

TAM Airlines Flight 3054

TAM Airlines Flight 3054 was a flight from Porto Alegre to São Paulo, Brazil by an Airbus A320 airplane. On July 17, 2007 the plane missed the runway at São Paulo and crashed into a TAM Express building and a Shell gas station. This was because of pilot error and because it was raining. All 187 people on board the plane and 12 people on the ground are killed. This was Brazil's worst airplane disaster.

Flight 3054 carried 181 passengers and six crew members on the plane. Captain Henrique Stefanini Di Sacco, age 53, was flying the plane. He had nearly 13,700 flight hours over his career as a pilot. The co-pilot was First Officer Kleyber Lima, age 54. He had almost 14,800 hours of flying experience. Most of the passengers on the plane were Brazilians, but 17 came from the United States, and eight from Mexico, five came from Taiwan, four each came from Germany and Italy, three each from the United Kingdom and Canada, two each from France, Sweden, Argentina, the Netherlands, one each from Australia, Belgium, Bolivia, Chile, China, Greece, Indonesia, Ireland, Japan, Norway, Peru, Portugal, Romania, Russia, South Africa, Spain, Switzerland, and Venezuela.

Byron Dobell

Byron Dobell (May 30, 1927 – January 21, 2017) was an American writer, editor, and artist. 

Dobell was born in New York City. He studied at Columbia University earning his Bachelor of Arts degree in 1947.

He is call as "one of the most respected and accomplished editors in New York magazine publishing history". He was the editor of several popular American magazines, including "American Heritage" and "Esquire". He is known for helping the early careers of many writers such as Tom Wolfe, David Halberstam and Mario Puzo. 

In 1998, Dobell was inducted into the American Society of Magazine Editors Hall of Fame.

Dobell died in New York City on January 21, 2017 from complications of Parkinson's disease, aged 89.

Leslie Koo

Leslie Koo Cheng-yun (; 28 November 1954 – 23 January 2017) was a Taiwanese business executive and billionaire. He served as Chairman of Taiwan Cement Corporation until his death in 2017. He was the second son of famous businessman and diplomat Koo Chen-fu. He was a member of the Lukang Koo clan, one of the five wealthiest families of Taiwan.

Koo died from a cerebral hemorrhage after falling from a flight of stairs in Taipei on 23 January 2017, aged 62.

Tom Wolfe

Thomas Kennerly "Tom" Wolfe, Jr. (March 2, 1930 – May 14, 2018) was an American author and journalist. He was born in Richmond, Virginia.

Wolfe best known for his work with and influence over the New Journalism literary movement. He began his career as a regional newspaper reporter in the 1950s, but achieved national fame in the 1960s following the publication of such best-selling books as "The Electric Kool-Aid Acid Test" and two collections of articles and essays, "Radical Chic & Mau-Mauing the Flak Catchers" and "The Kandy-Kolored Tangerine-Flake Streamline Baby".

His first novel, "The Bonfire of the Vanities", published in 1987, was met with critical acclaim, became a commercial success, and was adapted as a major movie (directed by Brian De Palma).

Wolfe died in New York City on May 14, 2018 of an infection at the age of 88.


Nigel Rodley

Sir Nigel Simon Rodley (1 December 1941 – 25 January 2017) was a British human rights activist, lawyer and professor. He was a member of the United Nations Human Rights Committee. He was also a commissioner for the International Commission of Jurists. He held academic positions at the University of Essex and the London School of Economics.

He was of Jewish descent.

Rodley died after a short illness on 25 January 2017 in Colchester, at the age of 75.

Alagnon

The Alagnon is a French river that starts in the Massif Central within the Regional Natural Park of the Volcanoes of Auvergne () and that flows through the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. It is a left tributary of the Allier.

The Alagnon river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of . 

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Lempdes-sur-Allagnon in the Haute-Loire department.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Lempdes-sur-Allagnon (50 years)
The Alagnon river starts in the Mounts of Cantal (Massif Central), near the "Puy Bataillouse" mountain, "commune" of Laveissière, at an altitude of about , in the Cantal department. First, it flows to the east, near the Super Lioran ski resort, and gets into a gorge and, then, into a valley near Murat. The river flows in general to the northeast and gets into deep gorges in Lempdes-sur-Allagnon.

The Alagnon river flows through the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region, 3 departments and 23 "communes". Two "communes" are named after the river: La Chapelle-d'Alagnon and Lempdes-sur-Allagnon. It flows through the following "communes", among others:

Finally, it flows into the Allier river in the town of Auzat-la-Combelle, in the place known as "Le Saut du Loup", in the Puy-de-Dôme department.

The main tributaries, over 20 km long, of the Cère river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Fondation IONIS

The Fondation IONIS (IONIS Foundation) is an non-profit organization created by IONIS Education Group, the first educational group in France.
It is to promote research and social diversity in France and in other countries.
For example, it can be giving scholarship. The Foundation is under the "Fondation de France".


Gil Ray

George Gilbert "Gil" Ray (September 17, 1956 – January 24, 2017) was an American rock drummer, guitarist, and singer. He is known as a member of the bands Game Theory and The Loud Family with Scott Miller. He was born in Charlotte, North Carolina. He moved to San Francisco, California in 1982.

Ray died of cancer on January 24, 2017, at the age of 60.


Alexander Kadakin

Alexander Mikhailovich Kadakin (; 22 July 1949 – 26 January 2017) was a Russian diplomat. He served as the Russian Ambassador to India twice: from 1999 and 2004, and again from 2009 until his death in 2017. He was also the Russian Ambassador to Nepal (1993–1997) and Sweden (2005–2009). He was born in Chișinău, USSR (now Moldova) to Russian parents.

Kadakin died from heart failure on 26 January 2017 in New Delhi. He was 67.

Katja of Sweden

Katja Ingergard Geiger (born Karin Ingegerd Hallberg; 12 January 1920 – 25 January 2017), better known as Katja of Sweden, was a Swedish fashion designer.

Lauben

Lauben is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor has been Berthold Ziegler since 2002.

Siamogale melilutra

Siamogale melilutra was an extinct species of giant otter. It is from the late Miocene epoch, from Yunnan province, China. The skull has a combination of otter-like and badger-like cranial features. The new species belongs to the Lutrinae subfamily. "Siamogale melilutra" was about the size of a wolf. It was estimated to about . This is two to three times larger than any modern otter species.

Caning

Caning is a form of punishment that involves beating a person with a cane, usually made of rattan. Each blow of the cane is called a "cut" or a "stroke". It is most often applied to the hands or buttocks. Caning, as a form of corporal punishment, is prohibited under international law as a form of torture. Caning was banned in British public schools only a few years ago. It is still practiced in places such as Singapore, Hong Kong, Malaysia, and Brunei.

Drumchapel

Drumchapel is a part of Glasgow, Scotland. It became part of Glasgow in 1938. Housing for about 30,000 people was built in the 1950s to help with overcrowding in Glasgow. At first there was only one post office and one telephone box. Drumchapel did not get its first shopping centre until the early 1960s. Local residents call it "The Drum". 


2017 Women's March

The 2017 Women's March was a global demonstration on 21-22 January 2017. It was in response to the inauguration of Donald Trump, the 45th president of the United States of America. The Women's March on Washington was said to have seen an attedance of over 470,000 people in Washington alone, which was 3 times more than president Trumps inauguration. This demonstration spanned 7 continents, including Antarctica.

Harry Mathews

Harry Mathews (February 14, 1930 – January 25, 2017) was an American author of short fiction, poet, translator and essayist. He was also a translator of French. He sometimes wrote essays and fiction in the French language. In 1961 and 1962 he wrote articles for the "Locus Solus". Mathews is best known for his novels "The Conversions" (1962) and "My Life in CIA" (2005). American conductor David Woodard praised his "Plaisirs singuliers" (1983) as "a long prose piece about masturbation."

Mathews was born in New York City. He was raised in Massachusetts. He studied at Princeton University and at Harvard University. In 1949 he eloped with his childhood friend and artist Niki de Saint Phalle. After having two children together, they separated in 1960. He later married Marie Chaix. Their marriage would last until Mathews' death in 2017.

Mathews died on January 25, 2017 at his home in Key West, Florida from natural causes, aged 86.



Niki de Saint Phalle

Niki de Saint Phalle (Catherine-Marie-Agnès Fal de Saint Phalle, 29 October 1930 – 21 May 2002) was a French sculptor, painter, and filmmaker. She was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine, France. 

Saint Phalle created a series of works in the early 1960s called "Tirs" ("Shots"). These pieces of art included polythene bags of paint in human forms covered in white plaster. After this, Saint Phalle, made life-size dolls of women, such as brides and mothers giving birth. They were primarily made of plaster over a wire framework and plastic toys, then painted all white.

In 1949, Saint Phalle eloped with her childhood friend and American writer Harry Mathews. They had two children. They separated in 1960. 

Saint Phalle died on 21 May 2002 in San Diego, California from emphysema, aged 71.

Angelino Alfano

Angelino Alfano (; born 31 October 1970) is an Italian politician. He served in the government of Italy as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 12 December 2016 to 1 June 2018.

Alfano was also Minister of the Interior from 28 April 2013 to 12 December 2016, serving in the governments of Matteo Renzi and Enrico Letta; from 2013 to 2014. He held the office of Deputy Prime Minister of Italy, as part of the Letta Cabinet, and previously served as Minister of Justice from 2008 to 2011 as part of the Silvio Berlusconi Cabinet. He was the first and only secretary of the centre-right party The People of Freedom (PdL) from 2011 to 2013.

In November 2013 he became leader of the New Centre-Right party which is a split from the PdL.

He is married to Tiziana Miceli, a civil lawyer. They have two sons.

Saint-Flour, Cantal

Saint-Flour () is a commune in south central France in the region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. It is a subprefecture of the Cantal department. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of the same name.

Saint-Flour is the historical capital of the old region of "Haute-Auverge" ("Upper Auvergne"), one of the two divisions of Auvergne.

After the creation of the Cantal department on 4 March 1790, Saint-Flour was named as the capital (prefecture) of the new department alternating with Aurillac. In 1794, Saint-Flour became the only capital but, in 1795, the capital was moved to Aurillac and Saint-Flour became a subprefecture.

Saint-Flour is in the eastern part of Cantal. The city is divided in two parts:

The "commune" of Saint-Flour has an area of and is surrounded by the "communes" Alleuze, Andelat, Coren, Roffiac, Saint-Georges and Villedieu.

The climate of Saint-Flour, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Saint-Flour are known, in French, as "Sanflorain" (women: "Sainfloraine").

With a population of 6,643, Saint-Flour has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Saint-Flour

Saint-Flour forms the urban area of Saint-Flour, one of the seven urban areas of Cantal, with a population of 6,626 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Saint-Flour, formed by 17 "communes" with a population of 13,024 inhabitants and an area of .

Saint-Flour is a subprefecture of the Cantal department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Saint-Flour and the administrative centre () of three cantons: 

It is part of the intercommunality "Saint-Flour Communauté".

Saint-Flour is twinned with:



Bernard Cazeneuve

Bernard Cazeneuve (born 2 June 1963) is a French Socialist politician. He was Prime Minister of France from December 2016 to May 2017. He was born in Senlis, Oise.

In 2012, he was appointed Minister of State for European Affairs and in 2013 was named Minister of State for the Budget in the second term of the Jean-Marc Ayrault government.

On 2 April 2014 he was appointed the 42nd Minister of the Interior in the Manuel Valls Government. On 6 December 2016, Cazeneuve was appointed Prime Minister after Valls resigned to concentrate on the upcoming presidential election.

Cazeneuve has a wife, Véronique, and two children. The couple divorced and remarried on August 12, 2015.

Jack Mendelsohn

Jack Mendelsohn (November 8, 1926 – January 25, 2017) was an American writer-artist. He worked in animation, comic strips and comic books. He was an Emmy-nominated television comedy writer and story editor. He had many credits as a TV scripter, including "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In", "Three's Company", "The Carol Burnett Show" and "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles". 

Among his work for feature movies, he was a co-screenwriter of "Yellow Submarine" (1968). In 2004, the Animation Writers Caucus of the Writers Guild gave him a Lifetime Achievement Award.

Mendelsohn was born in Brooklyn, New York. He served in the United States Navy during World War II. Mendelsohn died of lung cancer on the evening of January 25, 2017, aged 90.

Azerbaijan Basketball Federation

Azerbaijan Basketball Federation (), also known as ABF, is the national governing body of basketball in Azerbaijan.

Tam Dalyell

Sir Thomas Dalyell of the Binns, 11th Baronet (9 August 1932 – 26 January 2017), known as Tam Dalyell ( ), was a Scottish Labour Party politician and writer. He was born in Edinburgh, Scotland. 

He was a Member of Parliament in the House of Commons from 1962 to 2005. He represented West Lothian from 1962 to 1983, then Linlithgow from 1983 to 2005. He is particularly well known for his creating of what came to be known as the "West Lothian question", on whether non-English MPs should be able to vote upon English-only matters after political devolution.

Dalyell died at age 84 after a short illness.


River Edge, New Jersey

River Edge is a town in Bergen County, New Jersey. The population was 12,049 as of 2020. Earlier, it was called Riverside. In 1930, its name was changed to River Edge.

Robert Garcia (New York politician)

Robert "Bob" Garcia (January 9, 1933 – January 25, 2017) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1978 to 1990. Before this, he served in the New York State Assembly and the New York State Senate.

Garcia was born in Bronx, New York. His parents were from Puerto Rico. He had three children.

Garcia died from an infection due to his emphysema on January 25, 2017 in San Juan, Puerto Rico. He was 84.

Robert Garcia (California politician)

Robert Garcia (born December 2, 1977) is an American politician who is the U.S. Representative for California's 42nd congressional district since 2023. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the Mayor of Long Beach, California from 2014 to 2023.

Garcia was born in Lima, Peru. He moved to the United States at the age of five. He is gay.

In December 2021, Garcia announced that he would be a candidate for the U.S. House of Representatives in 2022. He won the election in November 2022.

Missen-Wilhams

Missen-Wilhams is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria. Originnaly, there were two municipalities, "Missen" and "Wilhams." On January 1, 1959, they combined to form "Missen-Wilhams".

Robert Folsom

Robert "Bob" Folsom (February 15, 1927 – January 24, 2017) was an American politician and real estate developer. He served as the Mayor of Dallas, Texas from 1976 until 1981. He graduated from the Southern Methodist University. He was born in Dallas.

Folsom died from natural causes on January 24, 2017 at his home in Dallas. He was 89.

Nematocera

The Nematocera are a large suborder of flies which include the mosquitoes and midges. They usually have long thin bodies, with segmented antennae. Usually their larvae are aquatic, but there are many exceptions to this.

Examples of the Nematocera include the mosquitoes (Culicidae), crane flies (Tipulidae) and black flies (Simuliidae). Many of the other families are called gnats, and others are called midges.

Many species form mating swarms of males, and in some of these, competition for females is extreme. Although many species (as larvae) have a strong association with water, even within a single family there may be a trend toward semiaquatic and terrestrial habitats.

Billy Simpson

William J. "Billy" Simpson (12 December 1929 – 27 January 2017) was a Northern Irish footballer. He played as a centre forward professionally from 1946 to 1961. He played for Linfield, Rangers, Stirling Albion, Partick Thistle, Oxford United and the Northern Ireland national team. He was born in Belfast.

Simpson died on 27 January 2017 in Glasgow, Scotland at the age of 87.

Rory McIlroy

Rory McIlroy, (born 4 May 1989) is a Northern Irish professional golfer. He won the U.S. Open in 2011, The Open Championship in 2014 and the PGA Championship in 2012 and 2014. He was World Number 1 golfer for a total of 95 weeks between 2012 and 2015.

McIlroy was born in Holywood, County Down. He was engaged to Danish tennis player Caroline Wozniacki until their relationship ended in 2014.


Banggai cardinalfish

Banggai cardinalfish ("Pterapogon kauderni") (also known as the Kaudern's cardinalfish) is a cardinalfish native to the Banggai Islands in Indonesia.
It has small bright silver flecks and black vertical stripes on a gray body.

Ofterschwang

Ofterschwang is a municipality in Oberallgäu, in Bavaria, Germany. It is a winter sports venue. It is often used for Alpine skiing World Cup events. It is found west of Sonthofen, but east of the Austrian border. Between 1988 and 2008 Ofterschwang grew by 577 people. Ofterschwang was awarded the "ADAC Tourism Prize" by ADAC in 2010.

Bimba Bosé

Eleonora Salvatore González (1 October 1975 – 23 January 2017), better known as Bimba Bosé, was an Italian-born Spanish model, actress and singer. In 2007, she recorded "Como un Lobo" with her uncle Miguel Bosé. She was also a runway model in London, Paris, New York City and Milan for designers such as Miguel Adrover, John Galliano and Yohji Yamamoto. She was born in Rome. Her grandmother was Lucia Bosè.

Bosé died from breast cancer on 23 January 2017 in Madrid. She was 41.


Valery Bolotov

Valery Dmitrievitch Bolotov (, ; 13 February 1970 – 27 January 2017) was a Ukrainian pro-Russian militant leader. He was known for his actions in the Donbass War in eastern Ukraine. He served as the leader of the unrecognised state Lugansk People's Republic from May to August 2014. He was born in Taganrog, Rostov Oblast.

Bolotov died on 27 January 2017 in Moscow Oblast at the age of 46.

Northeast Italy

Northeast Italy ( or just ) is one of the five official statistical regions of Italy used by the National Institute of Statistics (ISTAT), a NUTS1 level region.

Northeast Italy borders to the north with Switzerland and Austria; to the east with Slovenia; to the south with Liguria (Northwest Italy), Tuscany (Central Italy), Marche (Central Italy) and San Marino; and to the west with Lombardy (Northwest Italy) and, for a very short distance, with Piedmont (Northwest Italy).

Emilia-Romagna, Friuli-Venezia Giulia and Veneto have a coast in the Adriatic Sea

The Alps are in the northern part of the region and the northern Apennines in the south. The highest point, in the region, is Ortles (), in the Alps (Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol); it is high.

Northeast Italy has the most part of the valley of the Po river (). The Po is the longest river of Northeast Italy and of Italy.

Central Italy encompasses four of the 20 regions of Italy, including 36 provinces and 934 comuniː

The 10 "comuni" with more people living in them areː


Oy-Mittelberg

Oy-Mittelberg is a municipality in the rural district Oberallgäu in Bavaria/Germany. Oy-Mittelberg is in the foothills of the Allgäu Alps. Since 2005 the mayor has been Theo Haslach.

Painted lady

The painted lady is a butterfly in the Cynthia group of colourful butterflies. It is a relative of the red admiral butterfly. 

The painted lady is a subgenus of the genus "Vanessa" in the family Nymphalidae. They occur in most of the world.

They are migratory. Starting in early Spring, they journey from Africa to Europe to the United Kingdom and eventually the Arctic Circle. The journey is about 7,500 miles. They travel at up to 30 miles per hour. Their caterpillars feed on many different plants. In the UK their caterpillars may feed on thistles.

The lifespan of a painted lady imago (adult) is only about 2/3 weeks. Its function is dispersal and reproduction. The caterpillar's job is eating and transforming itself into the adult form.

Bob Fosse

Bob Fosse (June 23, 1927 – September 23, 1987) was an American dancer and actor. He won eight Tony Awards.

Dylan McDermott

Dylan McDermott is an American actor from Connecticut. He is best known for his role on "The Practice" which won him a Golden Globe award.

Cupbearer

A cupbearer is traditionally the person who fills the cups and serves the wine. In a medieval court (royal), the cupbearer brought his lord's ale or wine and tasted it to make sure it was not poisoned. The cupbearer was often a person of high rank. It was a distinct honor to be a cupbearer to a king. In the Bible, Nehemiah was cupbearer to the Artaxerxes I of Persia.

Liao dynasty

The Liao dynasty, also called Khitan empire, was an empire in Asia. It was formed by the Yelü clan of the Khitan people after the fall of the Tang Dynasty. They ruled from 907 AD to about 1125. The first ruler was Yelü Abaoji, Khan of the Khitan peoples. It was originally called the "Qidan Kingdom" until about 947. Its capital was the present day Bairin Left Banner in Inner Mongolia. Its territory included parts of Northern China, middle Mongolia, and Tianjin and 
Hebei to the south.



Luciano Ravaglia

Luciano Ravaglia (Forlimpopoli; 13 December 1923 – Dovadola; 26 January 2017) was an Italian engineer. He was born in Forlimpopoli, Italy.

He was a member of the Rotary Club of Forlì. He was known for his cutting-edge city-planning and building solutions. When Sergio Mulitsch di Palmenberg was appointed as chairman of the national PolioPlus committee of the Italian Rotary Club, Ravaglia became his deputy. Over the next few years, Ravaglia worked with dedication and enthusiasm to gain recognition from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs for polio vaccination.

Ravaglia died on 26 January 2017 in Dovadola, Italy, aged 93.


Rayville, Louisiana

Rayville is the parish seat of Richland Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Iran Standard Time

Iran Standard Time (IRST), also called Iran Time (IRT), is a time zone used in Iran. The standard time is 3.5 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time (). During its daylight saving time (DST), it used Iran Daylight Time (IRDT), which was 4.5 hours ahead of Coordinated Universal Time (), but however, from 2006 to 2007, IRDT was not used in Iran, but was re-introduced on March 21, 2008. On September 21, 2022, Iran abolished daylight saving time and now observes standard time the entire year.

Before it was ended in 2022, daylight saving time (DST) started on March 21 or 22 (Farvardin) and ended on September 21-22 (Shahrivar).

Čelinac

Čelinac () is a town and municipality in Central Bosnia, Republika Srpska, Bosnia and Herzegovina. The municipality lies about to the east of the regional center, city of Banja Luka.

It is located on Vrbanja river, between municipalities of Laktaši and Prnjavor to the north, Teslić to the east, Kotor Varoš, Skender Vakuf/Kneževo to the south, and Banja Luka to the west.

During the Bosnian War (1992–95), Bosnian Serb Police and Army, and Serb's paramilitary forces destroyed villages upstream along the Vrbanja to Kruševo Brdo, including the villages in Čelinac Municipality.

In addition to those who have experienced this, among other things, bears witness to the indictment against Radovan Karadžić to tribunal in The Hague. At the hearing, Nikola Poplašen, 2013, one of the questions to the witness the defense, it was:


Northwest Italy

Northwest Italy ( or just ) is one of the five official statistical regions of Italy used by the National Institute of Statistics (ISTAT), a NUTS1 level region.

Northwest Italy is defined only for statistical and for some elections.

Northwest Italy borders to the west with France, to the north with Switzerland and to the east with Northeast Italy (Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Veneto and Emilia-Romagna). To the south is Toscana (Central Italy), a short distance, and the Ligurian Sea.

The Alps are in the northern part of the region and the northern Apennines in the south. The highest point in the region and in Italy is Mont Blanc (), in the Alps (Valle d'Aosta) on the border with France; it is high.

Northwest Italy has an important part of the valley of the Po river (). The Po is the longest river of Northeast Italy and of Italy.

Central Italy encompasses four of the 20 regions of Italy, including 24 provinces and 1,789 comuniː

The "comuni" with more than 100,000 persons living in them areː


Kevin Geer

Kevin Scully Geer (November 7, 1952 – January 25, 2017) was an American actor. He appeared on stage and screen. He began his career in 1975. His best known stage performances included "A Streetcar Named Desire" (1988), "The Rose Tattoo" (1995), "Flyovers", "Side Man" (both 1998) and "Twelve Angry Men" (2004). His television appearances included "Oz", "Law & Order", "", "China Beach", "M*A*S*H" and "MacGyver". He also appeared in the movies "A Force of One" (1979), "The Pelican Brief" (1993), "The Contender" (2000), "American Gangster" (2007), "Bunker Hill" (2008) and "The Men Who Stare at Goats" (2009).

Geer was born in Reno, Nevada. He grew up in Los Angeles, California. He died from a heart attack on January 25, 2017 in Manhattan, New York. He was 64.


Heng Freylinger

Henri "Heng" Freylinger (23 September 1926 – 17 January 2017) was a Luxembourgian wrestler. He competed in the Greco-Roman welterweight event at the 1952 Summer Olympics. In 2008 he was given the Order of Merit of Luxembourg for his service to the state in sports. Freylinger was a 12-time Luxembourgeous champion. 

Bob Holiday

Bob Holiday (November 12, 1932 – January 27, 2017) was an American actor. He was best known for playing Superman in the Broadway musical "It's a Bird, It's a Plane, It's Superman!" (1966). He had the most appearances as Superman than any other actor, making over 140 performances. He was born in Brooklyn, New York.

Holiday died on January 27, 2017, at his home in Hawley, Pennsylvania, aged 84.

Gisella Sofio

Gisella Sofio (19 February 1931 – 27 January 2017) was an Italian actress. She began her career in the 1950s. She had roles in the movies "Accidents to the Taxes!!" (1951), "Rascel-Fifì" (1957), "La liceale" (1975), "The Big Heart of Girls" and "The Worst Week of My Life" (both 2011). She was born in Milan.

Sofio died on 27 January 2017 in Rome at the age of 85.

Bill Fischer (American football)

William Anton "Bill" Fischer (March 10, 1927 – January 20, 2017), nicknamed "Moose", was an American football player. He played as an offensive lineman. He played in the National Football League (NFL) for the Chicago Cardinals from 1949 to 1953. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Fischer died on January 20, 2017 in Cape Coral, Florida. He was 89.

Alexander Tikhanovich

Alexander Grigorievich Tikhanovich (; 13 July 1952 – 28 January 2017) was a Belarusian pop singer. He was best known as a member of the band Verasy. He was awarded the Meritorious Artist and People's Artist honours of Belarus. He was born in Minsk, Byelorussian SSR, Soviet Union.

Tikhanovich died on 28 January 2017 in Minsk at the age of 64.

Rettenberg

Rettenberg is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. Rettenberg is twinned with the village La Frénaye in Northern France (close to Le Havre). Rettenberg is the southernmost village with breweries ("Engelbräu" and "Zötlerbrauerei") in Germany.

Sonthofen

Sonthofen is the most southerly town of Germany. It is in the Oberallgäu region of the Bavarian Alps. Oberstdorf is farther south but is not a town. In 2005, Sonthofen was awarded "Alpenstadt des Jahres" (Alpine city of the year).

In World War II Sonthofen was bombed twice. This was because Adolf Hitler had built the "Ordensburg Sonthofen" in Sonthofen. Young boys were trained there for Nazi Party organisations. Sonthofen was given town rights on 18 August 1963.

Lennart Nilsson

Lennart Nilsson (24 August 1922 – 28 January 2017) was a Swedish photographer. He was known for his photographs of human embryos and other medical subjects once thought not to be photographable. He was also known for his extreme macro photography. His book, "A Child Is Born" (1965), featured many of his photographs. He was born in Strängnäs, Södermanland County.

Nilsson died on 28 January 2017 at the age of 94.

Sulzberg, Oberallgäu

Sulzberg is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. Since 1990, Sulzberg has been twinned with the municipality Chailland (Mayenne) in France.

Lauda Air Flight 004

Lauda Air Flight 004 was a scheduled international passenger flight from Kai Tak, Hong Kong, China to Wien-Schwechat International Airport, Vienna, Austria via Don Mueang International Airport, Bangkok, Thailand. On 26 May 1991, during it's Bangkok to Vienna leg, the Boeing 767-3Z9ER operating the route suffered from a rare uncommanded thrust reverser deployment while flying over the Burma-Thai border and crashed into wooded terrain about ~94 nautical miles northwest of Bangkok, killing all 213 passengers and 10 crew members on board. It is the first and deadliest loss involving the Boeing 767, and as of 2022, Thailand's worst aviation accident.

The positions of the left engine thrust reverser actuators along with data from the electronic engine control (EEC) and the cockpit voice recorder (CVR) indicate that the left engine thrust reverse system deployed while the airplane was at approximately .78 Mach (478 kn, 550 mph, 885 km/h), climbing through 24,700 feet to flight level 310. The preliminary evidence suggests that the reverse event was recognized by the flight crew, but that the airplane departed controlled flight. 

The true cause of the activation of the reverser was never found because all of the wires and the Digital Flight Data Recorder were destroyed in the crash, but it was thought to be caused by a short circuit that opened both valves for a split second, allowing the reverser to activate.

Lauda Air Flight 004 took off from Runway 21L in Don Mueang at 23:02 PM ICT (4:02 PM UTC). The aircraft began a normal climb to an initial altitude of 7,000 feet, then was cleared to 11,000 feet by Bangkok Center. The flight followed a departure requiring a left turn upon leaving the airport. Shortly thereafter, Flight 004 was cleared to FL310 (flight level 310, or 31,000 feet). 

5 minutes into the flight, the pilots received a master caution "REV ISLN VAL" advisory on the EICAS display, accompanied with the master caution tone. First Officer Thurner replied with an expletive. Captain Welch replied, "that keeps coming on". The crew discussed the issue as Thurner looked through the quick reference handbook for a solution, but the handbook then quoted "additional system failures may cause in-flight deployment", and to "expect normal reverser operation after landing". There was no further action required. 

First Officer Thurner asked if he should contact the Lauda maintenance crew in Bangkok, and the captain reassured him, saying that it was "just an advisory thing", and that there was "just water, or moisture in there", and moved on; the first officer shortly thereafter tells the captain that the aircraft needs "a little bit of rudder trim to the left". Over the next few minutes, the aircraft continued on its filed flight plan while climbing to FL310. 

At 23:17 PM ICT (4:17 PM UTC), some nine minutes after the master caution advisory, while climbing to FL310 as cleared, the left engine thrust reverser activated. Immediately after, the first officer acknowledged this, stating "Shit, reverser deployed," followed by loud bangs, snaps, and the sound of the overspeed siren. In just 4 seconds, the aircraft banked over 90 degrees to the left and began to descend as it shuddered with the aerodynamic forces. Captain Welch disconnected the autopilot (or it disconnected automatically because of the overbank) and takes manual control, which consisted of continuous sustained elevator nose up inputs. The aerodynamic stresses tore the tail section free of the aircraft, leaving it uncontrollable.

The loss of the tail provided extreme negative loading of the wings and sheared them clean of the aircraft, and the burning remains of Flight 004 crashed into wooded terrain in the Dan Chang District of Thailand at speeds of over Mach 1 and exploded. All 223 passengers and crew died. Shortly after the accident, local villagers began to loot the crash site.

The available recovery time for the crew to rectify the situation was 4 seconds. The crew never could have reacted fast enough to stop the accident.

Josef Thurner, the copilot, once flew as a co-pilot with Niki Lauda on a Lauda Boeing 767 service to Bangkok, a flight that was the subject of a "Reader's Digest" article in January 1990 that depicted the airline positively. Macarthur Job stated that Thurner was the better known of the crew members. Thomas J. Welch, the captain, lived in Vienna, but originated from Seattle, Washington.

Geoff Nicholls

Geoffrey James "Geoff" Nicholls (28 February 1948 – 28 January 2017) was a British musician and keyboardist. He was best known as a member of the heavy metal band Black Sabbath. He did not perform with the band after 2004. He was born in Birmingham.

Nicholls died from lung cancer on 28 January 2017 at the age of 68.

Insular Italy

Insular Italy ( or just ) is one of the five official statistical regions of Italy used by the National Institute of Statistics (ISTAT), a NUTS1 level region.

Insular Italy is defined only for statistical and for some elections and includes the two main Italian islands: Sicily and Sardinia, together with other small islands and archipelagos next to them.

Sicily is the largest Mediterranean island with an area of . To the east, it is separated from the Italian mainland by the Strait of Messina, about wide in the north, and about wide in the southern part. Its highest point is Mount Etna (), the largest active volcano in Europe with an altitude of . The longest river of the island is the Salso river, long.

Sardinia is the second largest Mediterranean island with an area of . To the east is the Tyrrhenian Sea that separates the island from mainland Italy, and to the north is the Strait of Bonifacio that separates Sardinia from the French island of Corsica. Its highest point is Punta La Marmora () with an altitude of . The longest river of the island is the Tirso river, long.

Insular Italy has 2 of the 20 regions of Italy, including 24 provinces and 1,789 comuniː

The "comuni" with more than 100,000 persons living in them areː


Lucia Bosè

Lucia Bosè (' Borloni"'; 28 January 1931 – 23 March 2020) was an Italian actress. She reached peak fame during the time of Italian neorealism in the 1940s and 1950s. She appeared in the movies "Under the Olive Tree", "Story of a Love Affair" (both 1950), "The Lady Without Camelias" (1953), "Death of a Cyclist" (1955) and "Harem Suare" (1999). In 1947, she was Miss Italia.

Bosè was born in Milan. She was married to Spanish bullfighter Luis Dominguín from 1955 to 1967. The couple had three children, including Miguel (b. 1956, Panama City). She was the grandmother of Bimba Bosé (1975–2017).

On 23 March 2020, during the COVID-19 pandemic in Spain, Bosè died of pneumonia caused by COVID-19 in Segovia. She was 89.

Many Clouds

Many Clouds (21 April 2007 – 28 January 2017) was a Thoroughbred racehorse. He was best known for winning the Hennessy Gold Cup (2014), the Grand National (2015) and the Cotswold Chase (2015, 2017).

Many Clouds was bred in Ireland but was trained in United Kingdom.

Many Clouds died on 28 January 2017 in Cheltenham, Gloucestershire. He collapsed after winning his second Cotswold Chase and died from a pulmonary haemorrhage. He was nine.

Wim Anderiesen Jr.

Gerardus Willem "Wim" Anderiesen Jr. (2 September 1931 – 27 January 2017) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a defender at club level from the early-1950s to the mid-1960s. He played for Ajax from 1951 to 1961. He later played for Holland Sport.

Anderiesen was born in Amsterdam, North Holland. He was the son of and named after Wim Anderiesen (1903–1944). He died on 27 January 2017 in Heerhugowaard at the age of 85.

Smith &amp; Wesson

Smith & Wesson (S&W) is an American firearms manufacturing company. Their headquarters are in Maryville, Tennessee. The company was founded in 1852. Smith & Wesson's pistols and revolvers have become standard issue to police and military forces. Smith & Wesson firearms are very popular among sport shooters.

Smith & Wesson is also known for the many types of ammunition it has introduced over the years. Many cartridge calibers bear the S&W name. For example, the .500 S&W Magnum.

Horace Smith and Daniel B. Wesson founded the Smith & Wesson Company in 1852. The purpose was to develop a lever action pistol. But by 1854 the company was failing. They sold the company to a shirt manufacturer named Oliver Winchester. In 1866, Winchester renamed the company Winchester Repeating Arms Company. That same year Smith and Wesson formed the second company called Smith & Wesson. Their timing was right. Not long after they built their new factory in Springfield, the American Civil War started. 

One of the most popular pistols during the war was the Smith & Wesson Model 2. Many Civil War soldiers purchased the No 2 revolver privately. Between 1861 and 1874, over 77,000 were produced. Smith & Wesson became so profitable that the two partners were the wealthiest men in Springfield by 1865.

One of the most popular calibers during the Civil War was the .44 caliber. The partners realized they needed to produce a pistol in this caliber. By 1870 S&W introduced the .44 metallic cartridge which was a major improvement over the .44 percussion cap models used in the war. To use this new cartridge, the company introduced a larger pistol known as the Smith & Wesson Model 3. It featured rapid loading and reloading. The gun was a personal favorite of Wyatt Earp. In 1875, at age 65, Smith sold his share of the company to Wesson. He still advised his former partner in business matters.

In 1880 S&W introduced the first double-action revolver. It was designed to use the .32 S&W caliber cartridge. By this time Wesson's three sons, Walter H., Frank L., and Joseph H., were active in the company. In 1887, Frank L. Wesson died but his brothers continued as partners in the company. 

In 1887 a new concealed hammer design for police was made. Variations of this design are still being made. In 1899, S&W brought out its most famous design, the Military & Police pistol. It was a double-action which set a standard for modern revolvers. It also introduced what has become a very popular caliber, the .38 S&W Special. It is still one of the most popular revolver cartridges ever produced. Large numbers of S&W .38 special handguns were sold to police and military worldwide. They were used in both World War I and World War II. They remained popular until they were finally replaced by many police and military organizations by Semi-automatic pistols.

In 1904, Daniel B. Wesson died. But without his guidance the two sons could not agree on the future direction of the company. This period of weak leadership continued for some time. In 1908 the company introduced a new line of .44 caliber pistols called the .44 New Century, but was soon renamed the Smith & Wesson Triple Lock. It used a new cartridge developed by S&W, the .44 Special.

Smith & Wesson received large government contracts for military revolvers from the American government. The company expanded to produce the firearms. But management problems, labor disputes and a new workforce all caused problems for production. As a result, the US government stepped in to manage S&W until the end of the war.

After the war a surplus of military arms and imports of low cost guns caused sales to drop. Under Harold Wesson, the company manufactured other items to try to keep up profits. They made sewing machines, handcuffs, washing machines and toilet parts. But none of these items made the company profitable.

About this time, bullet-proof vests came into use. Gangsters quickly adopted them so that bullets traveling at under 1,000 fps would not penetrate them. S&W immediately began experimenting with improved bullets. They also used the famous firearms expert Bill Jordan as a consultant to help develop a new much more powerful handgun. What resulted was the first magnum cartridge, the S&W .357 Magnum. In 1935 they released the Smith & Wesson Model 19. Using a 125 grain bullet traveling at 1600 fps, it could easily defeat the body armor of the time.

By the start of the war S&W was nearly bankrupt. The company was now run by Carl R. Hellstrom. Under his management the company concentrated its efforts on handguns and the company began to expand. In 1965 the Wesson family sold the company to the Bangor Punta corporation. The company began producing firearms accessories as well as firearms. In 1884, S&W was sold to Lear Siegler who, in 1986, was acquired by Forstmann Little & Company. Forstmann & Little was mainly interested in Siegler's aerospace and automotive lines. So they sold Smith & Wesson to Tomkins plc, a British holding company. Under Tomkins, S&W developed a number of semiautomatic pistols. This included several using the new .40 S&W cartridge. During this time handgun sales declined. Because of anti-gun lawsuits, operating costs began to rise.

On March 17, 2000, Smith & Wesson made an agreement with US President Bill Clinton. It agreed to make changes in the design and distribution of its firearms. This was in return for "preferred buying program" to offset the loss of revenue as a result of anticipated boycott. All authorized S&W dealers and distributors had to follow a “code of conduct” to eliminate the sale of firearms to prohibited persons. Dealers had to agree to not allow children under 18 access to gun shops or sections of stores that contained firearms.

After an organized campaign by the NRA and NSSF, thousands of retailers and tens of thousands of firearms consumers boycotted Smith & Wesson.

On 11 May 2001, Saf-T-Hammer Corporation acquired Smith & Wesson from Tomkins plc for $15 million USD. This was a fraction of the $112 million originally paid by Tomkins. The Smith & Wesson purchase was chiefly brokered by Saf-T-Hammer President Bob Scott. He had left Smith & Wesson in 1999 because of a disagreement with Tomkins’ policies. After the purchase, Scott became the president of Smith & Wesson. He guided the 157-year-old company back to its former standing in the market.

On 15 February 2002, the name was changed to Smith & Wesson Holding Corporation.

In December 2014, Smith & Wesson Holding announced it was paying $130.5 million for Battenfeld Technologies. This is a Columbia, Missouri-based designer and distributor of hunting and shooting accessories. This was part of a plan to merge all its existing Smith & Wesson, M&P and Thompson Center Arms accessories into a single division.

In August 2016 the company bought Crimson Trace, a laser-sight manufacturer, for $95 million. They bought Taylor Brands, a tool and knife maker, for $85 million. In November 2016 the company bought UST Brands, a survival equipment maker, for $32.3 million. On November 7, 2016, Smith & Wesson announced that it would be changing the name of its holding company to American Outdoor Brands Corporation.

Smith and Wesson moved their corporate headquarters from Springfield, Massachusetts to Maryville, Tennessee on October 7, 2023 citing anti-second amendment legislation in Massachusetts as their reason for the relocation. Following trends from Winchester, Kimber, Mossberg, Daniel Arms, Remington, and Taurus firearms.

Ni Yulan

Ni Yulan is a Chinese business lawyer. In 2016, she received the International Women of Courage Award.
Ni fought for property rights for people who lost their homes because of building for the 2008 Beijing Olympics. She went to prison many times. In prison she was beaten and lost the use of her legs. She applied for a passport to travel to the U.S. to receive the award, but the Chinese government refused.


Tirso (river)

The Tirso () is the most important river of Sardinia for its length and the size of its drainage basin. It starts on the mountains of the centre of the island and ends in the Mediterranean Sea.

The river was known in Sardinia as "riu de Aristanis" ("river of Oristano") or, simply, "riu Mannu" (the "big river"). The name Tirso began to be used in modern times following Ptolemy that named it in ancient times as "Thyrsos" (, "mouth of the Tirso river").

The Tirso river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) depends of the season; its average discharge is but is very low during summer.

The Tirso river starts in the Buddusò plateau, on the slopes of "Punta Pianedda", at an elevation of about , to the north of the "comune" of Bitti. From here, the river flows to the southwest.

Finally, after , it flows into the Gulf of Oristano in the Sea of Sardinia (Mediterranean Sea). The river enters the sea at about to the north of the city of Oristano.

The river forms the "Omodeo lake", an artificial lake that is long and wide; it is one of largest artificial lake in Italy.

It flows through 81 comuni.

Most tributaries of the Tirso are small streams; the main tributaries are:

Both rivers are left tributaries of the Tirso.



Theo Brokmann Jr.

Theodorus Johannes Franciscus "Theo" Brokmann Jr. (born 3 July 1922) is a Dutch former footballer. He played as a striker. He played for Ajax from 1939 to 1951.

Brokmann was born in Amsterdam, North Holland. He was the son of and named after Theo Brokmann (1893–1956).

Michael Tönnies

Michael Tönnies (19 December 1959 – 26 January 2017) was a German footballer. He was born in Essen. He played as a striker. He played from 1978 to 1994.

Tönnies was best known for playing for MSV Duisburg, playing in 179 league games and scoring over a hundred goals. He also played for Schalke 04, SpVgg Bayreuth, 1. FC Bocholt, Rot-Weiss Essen and Wuppertaler SV. He held a Bundesliga record, scoring the fastest hat-trick (three goals). He held the record from 1991 until 2015, when Robert Lewandowski beat the record.

Tönnies died on 26 January 2017 at the age of 57.

Piet Ouderland

Piet Ouderland (17 March 1933 – 3 September 2017) was a Dutch footballer and basketball player. He was born in Amsterdam, North Holland.

As a footballer, Ouderland played as a striker. He played Ajax, AZ Alkmaar and the Netherlands national team. For Ajax, he made 261 total appearances with the club between 1955 and 1964. This made him a member of Club van 100. He also made seven appearances with the national team in 1962 and 1963. As a basketball player, he also played for the national team. He was the first Dutchman to play for the national sides of football and basketball.

Henry-Louis de La Grange

Henry-Louis de La Grange (26 May 1924 – 27 January 2017) was a French musicologist. He was known for being known as a biographer of Gustav Mahler. He was born in Paris. La Grange began working as a music critic in 1952, writing articles for the "New York Herald Tribune" and "The New York Times", and the magazines "Opera News", "Saturday Review", "Musical America", and "Opus".

La Grange died in Paris on 27 January 2017 from complications of pneumonia, aged 92.


Christopher Bland

Sir Francis Christopher Buchan Bland (29 May 1938 – 28 January 2017) was a British businessman and politician. He was born in Yokohama, Japan.

He was deputy chairman of the Independent Television Authority (1972), which was renamed the Independent Broadcasting Authority in the same year, and chairman of London Weekend Television (1984) and of the Board of Governors of the BBC (1996 to 2001), when he took up a position as chairman of British Telecommunications plc. He left his position with BT in September 2007.

Before leaving BT, he became chairman of the Royal Shakespeare Company, in 2004.

Bland died on 28 January 2017 in Clanville, Hampshire from complications of prostate cancer, aged 78.

Number One Observatory Circle

The Number One Observatory Circle is the official residence of the vice president of the United States and the second family. It is located on the northeast grounds of the U.S. Naval Observatory in Washington, D.C. and it has been the residence of every U.S. vice president since Nelson Rockefeller in 1974.

The house is 9,000 square feet, The first floor has a dining room, garden room, living room, lounges, pantry kitchen, reception hall, sitting room, and veranda. The second floor contains the main bedroom suite, an additional bedroom, a den, and a study. The attic has four bedrooms. The main kitchen is located in the basement.


Waltenhofen

Waltenhofen is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. On 1 January 1972, the previously independent municipality of Memhölz was incorporated into Waltenhofen. On January 1 1976, Niedersonthofen was added, and on April 1, 1976 Martin im Allgäu was also added. The mayor has been Eckhard Harscher since 2006.

Weitnau

Weitnau is a municipality in the rural district Oberallgäu in Bavaria/Germany. Weitnau is in the foothills of the Allgäu Alps.

Alexander Streicher became the mayor in 2008.

Weitnau became twinned with Magné in France in 1986.

Kaniyan Pungundranar

Kaniyan Pungundranar is an influential Tamil poet and philosopher who lived during the Sangam Age. He was said to be born in the village of Mahibalanpatti in Tirupattur taluk of Sivagangai district, Tamil Nadu.

Kaniyan Pungundranar composed two poems in Tamil in Purananuru and Natrinai. His poem in Purananuru is a famous poem, it starts with the lines of Yaadhum Oore Yavarum Kelir speaks about unity. Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, the former president of India spoke about these lines in the United Nations Organisation. At present, these lines are depicted in the UNO.

Andreas Sparman

Andreas Sparman or Andreas Palmcron (1609 – November 30, 1658) was a Swedish doctor. He was the personal physician to Queen Christina and King Charles X Gustav of Sweden. He is most known for his book, "Sundhetzens Speghel", which is considered to be the best medical book of the century, and is sometimes considered to be the first Swedish cookbook.

Andreas Sparman was born Andreas Schomerus in Sparrsätra parish, Uppsala County, Sweden. He died in 
Stockholm. When he wrote his dissertation in 1629, he used the name "Schomerus", but later changed his name to Sparrman, for his birthplace. He was knighted in 1647 with the name Palmcron.

Sparman's father was Nikolaus Olai. His mother was Susanna Andersdotter. His first wife was Helena Isaksdotter. His second wife was Susanna Lilliecrona. He had a daughter, Brita Susanna Palmkron, with his second wife.

Sparman studied medicine in the city of Leiden, in the Netherlands. After he returned to Sweden he became the city doctor for Stockholm. Later, he was the personal doctor to Queen Christina and Charles X Gustav of Sweden.

In connection with the plague epidemic in 1638, Sparman wrote an educational book about the plague. It was a summary of how to prevent and treat the disease. It was published again during plague epidemics in 1652 and 1710. 

In 1642, Sparman wrote the most complete book ever published about preventive health care, "Sundhetzen's Speghel, uthi hwilken man beskodhar Sundhetzens Natur..." or "Mirror of Health, from which one may learn the nature of health, the principle causes of all diseases which chiefly undermine health, together with the remedies which deliver us from them". 

Because of the severe "rödsots" or dysentery epidemics, in 1652 Sparman wrote about how to prevent dysentery.

Sparman also translated the hymns of the Psalms. He got permission to publish them, but they were never published.


Elkin Ramírez

Elkin Fernando Ramírez Zapata (26 October 1962 – 29 January 2017) was a Colombian singer-songwriter. He was best known as the lead singer of the rock band Kraken. He was also a member to bands such as Kripzy (1981–1982) and Ferrotrack (1983–1984). He joined Kraken in 1985. He was born in Medellín, Antioquia.

Ramírez died from brain cancer on 29 January 2017 in Medellín. He was 54.

Walt Streuli

Walter Herbert "Walt" Streuli (September 26, 1935 – January 19, 2017) was an American professional baseball player. He played as a catcher. He appeared in six Major League Baseball games over parts of three seasons with the 1954–1956 Detroit Tigers. 

Streuli was born in Memphis, Tennessee. He studied at Rhodes College. Streuli died in Greensboro, North Carolina on January 19, 2017, aged 81.


R-dropping

R-dropping also called non-rhoticity or post vocalic r-lessness happens to English-speakers when the "r" sound is not pronounced after a vowel. Then the words "car" and "card" both sound like "cah" and "cahd". That happens for some speakers in the United States, especially in the Boston and New York City areas and pockets of the American South especially the Greater New Orleans area, Virginia's Tidewater region and among speakers of ethnolects such as African American Vernacular English and Cajun English. British and Northeastern r-droppers usually pronounce "r" when the next word begins with a vowel as in "car is". For them, "spa" and "spar" sound alike, Southern, African American and South African r-droppers don't add additional Rs.

The pronunciation of the R is kept in the Scottish, Irish and most of the U.S. and Canada versions of spoken English. The R-droppers include most of England, Wales, Australia, New Zealand and South Africa.

The issue of how the R is used is called rhoticity by linguists.


Jamshid Giunashvili

Jamshid Giunashvili (; 1 May 1931 – 21 January 2017). He was a Georgian linguist, Iranologist, researcher, author, and diplomat. He having served as the first ambassador of Georgia to Iran for a period of ten years from 1994 through 2004.

Giunashvili was born in Tehran, Iran. He graduated from Tbilisi State University with a doctors degree in Iranian studies. Giunashvili died on 21 January 2017 in Tbilisi, Georgia, aged 86.


Brunhilde Pomsel

Brunhilde Pomsel (11 January 1911 – 27 January 2017) was a German broadcaster and secretary. She was born in Berlin. She was known as a personal secretary to politician Joseph Goebbels. She began work in the news department of the Third Reich's radio station in 1933. After World War II ended, she was not released from jail until 1950. She retired in 1971 at the age of 60.

Pomsel turned 100 in 2011. She died on 27 January 2017 in Munich at the age of 106.

Anne-Marie Colchen

Anne-Marie Colchen-Maillet (8 December 1925 – 26 January 2017) was a French former track and field athlete and women's basketball player. She was born in Le Havre, France.

She became France's first high jump champion at the 1946 European Athletics Championships and held the French record for the event for ten years. She represented France in high jump at the 1948 Summer Olympics. 

In basketball she was the highest scorer at the 1953 FIBA World Championship for Women, helping France to third place. She was a member of the French national team for the European Women's Basketball Championship in 1950, 1952, 1954 and 1956.

After retiring from active competition she went into coaching. Colchen was inducted into the Gloire du sport (the French national sports hall of fame) in 2002.

Colchen died on 26 January 2017 in Paris, France, aged 91.

Sachet d'épices

A sachet d'épices is a small cheesecloth sack containing herbs and spices. It is used to add flavor to stocks, soups and sauces. It means "small bag of spices" in French.

It is often simply called a "sachet". It is used like a "bouquet garni", but a sachet's ingredients are inside a cheesecloth while a "bouquet garni" is not. This means that spices such as whole peppercorns and dried herbs, which cannot be used in a "bouquet garni", can go in a sachet.

Laurie Salas

Dame Margaret Laurence "Laurie" Salas (née Hay, 8 February 1922 – 26 January 2017) was a New Zealand women's rights and peace activist. She was born in Wellington, New Zealand.

Salas was involved with the Playcentre movement, and became that organisation's first representative on the National Council of Women. Salas was a New Zealand committee member for the Council for Security Cooperation in the Asia Pacific, and she was also an honorary vice president of the New Zealand Institute of International Affairs. In the 1982 Queen's Birthday Honours Salas was appointed a Companion of the Queen's Service Order for community service.

Salas died on 26 January 2017 in Kaori, New Zealand, aged 94.

Atanas Kirov

Atanas Kirov (, 24 September 1946 – 27 January 2017) was a Bulgarian bantamweight weightlifter. He was born in Burgas, Bulgaria.

From 1973 and 1975, he won the world titles and three European titles and set two world records in the total. He competed in the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics and placed seventh and fifth, respectively.

Kirov died on 27 January 2017 in Sofia from a heart attack, aged 70.

Fine Air Flight 101

Fine Air Flight 101 was a scheduled cargo flight from Miami International Airport, in Miami, Florida, to Las Américas International Airport in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. On August 7, 1997 the Douglas DC-8 crashed into a road (72nd Avenue) at 28th Street, in Miami near the airport. There were four people on the plane but only three bodies were found hours after the crash. Two people on the ground were reported to be injured. One person was killed while driving a vehicle.

The probable cause was the airplane was the cargo being loaded too far to the back of the plane. Combined with an incorrect stabilizer trim setting, the aircraft pitched up too far at takeoff. Witnesses said the plane looked like it was going to flip backwards as it took off. The plane, weighing , to an altitude of . Then it fell back to the ground, tail first. When the plane hit the ground it broke apart and caught fire.


Zakia Soman

Zakia Soman (Arabic: زكية سومان ) is an activist from India. She is the head of the human rights group Bharatiya Muslim Mahila Andolan (BMMA). In 2014, she received the Outstanding Women Achievers award from the National Commission for Women.

Soman is from Ahmedabad, Gujarat in India. She worked as a university professor.

Soman fights for women to be able to enter religious shrines. She works to reform Islamic divorce customs in India, and to stop the triple talaq practice of divorce in Islam for the 90 million Muslim women in India. The BMMA works for women's rights in Islam and recommended changes in India's family law. 

In 2013, the BMMA did a survey of 5000 women about women's rights in Islamic families. After that, they trained 30 women as judges to help solve family problems. In the survey, 92 percent of women had agreed to ban the one-sided triple divorce. The Shariah court for women was started because they thought that women were not being heard in the male Shariah court. In the survey, 92 percent of the women were also opposed to multiple wives.

Howard Frank Mosher

Howard Frank Mosher (June 16, 1942 – January 29, 2017) was an American author and retired high school teacher. He was known for his novels "Where the Rivers Flow North" (1978) and "A Stranger In the Kingdom" (1991). He was a Guggenheim Fellow in 1979, and is the 1981 recipient of the Literature Award bestowed by the American Academy and Institute of Arts and Letters. 

Mosher was born in Cato, New York. He studied at Syracuse University in 1964. He taught English in Vermont at Orleans High and Lake Region Union High School during his early years. Mosher died of prostate cancer under hospice care in Irasburg, Vermont, aged 74.


Stuart Timmons

Stuart Timmons (January 14, 1957 – January 28, 2017) was an American journalist, activist, and historian. He was an award-winning author specializing in LGBT history. He was the author of "The Trouble With Harry Hay: Founder of the Modern Gay Movement" and the co-author of "Gay L.A.: A History of Sexual Outlaws, Power Politics, And Lipstick Lesbians" with Lillian Faderman. In 2007, Stuart began developing walking tours of LGBTQ historic sites in Los Angeles.

Timmons was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles. In 2008, he suffered a massive stroke that left him paralyzed from the waist down. 

Timmons died on January 28, 2017 at a hospital in Hollywood, California from cardiac arrest, at the age of 60.


Ion Ungureanu

Ion Ungureanu (2 August 1935 – 28 January 2017) was a Moldovan actor and politician. He served as a member of parliament for first Parliament of Moldova from 1990 to 1994. During this time, he was Minister of Culture of Moldova. He was a screen actor between 1962 and 1990. He was born in Opaci.

Ungureanu died on 28 January 2017 in Bucharest, Romania at the age of 81.

Rocket League

Rocket League is a vehicular association football video game. It is developed and published by Psyonix. It was first released on Microsoft Windows and PlayStation 4 in July 2015. It was later released on Xbox One, OS X and Linux in 2016. It is a sequel to "Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars" (2008).

It is multiplayer and single-player. Single-player has the "Season" game mode where the player plays against bots. Multiplayer is online and has 1 versus 1, 2 versus 2, 3 versus 3 and 4 versus 4 modes.

Players control a rocket-powered car and use it to hit big balls that is much larger than the cars towards the other team's goal area to score points.

Since 2019 the game has been owned by Epic Games

The game has received very positive reviews. As of January 2017, the game has had 25 million players since 2015.

Rocket League offers both casual and competitive game modes. In casual mode, players can engage in various team sizes, including 1v1, 2v2, 3v3, and 4v4 matches. In the competitive mode, players can participate in ranked matches, including 1v1, 2v2, 3v3, 2v2 Hoops, 3v3 Rumble, 3v3 Snow Day, and 3v3 Dropshot.

The competitive mode features a ranking system, where players are assigned different ranks based on their performance. The ranks are as follows:


The matchmaking rating (MMR) system in Rocket League determines a player's skill level and matchmaking placement. In the lower ranks up to Diamond 3, it typically takes two consecutive wins to advance to the next division. However, in the higher ranks, such as Champ to Supersonic Legend, it usually requires four to seven consecutive wins to progress to the next division.

Rocket League has a thriving esports scene known as the Rocket League Championship Series (RLCS). The RLCS features 16 professional teams competing in various tournaments throughout the year. These tournaments include seasonal majors and annual LAN (Local Area Network) events, where players compete for glory and substantial prize pools. Notably, professional players participating in RLCS are required to hold the highest rank achievable in the game, which is Supersonic Legend.

The Supersonic Legend rank is an exclusive achievement, with only approximately 0.05% of players reaching this elite status. It represents the pinnacle of skill and mastery in Rocket League.

However, there are even higher ranks. For example, only ~0.01% of players are hypersonic master and only 50 players are lightspeed supreme, whilst only the best player in the entire game can have the "him." title.

Psyonix

Psyonix Inc. is an American video game development studio. It is based in San Diego, California. They were founded in 2000. They were officially incorporated on April 30, 2001. Psyonix are best known for publishing and developing "Rocket League" since 2015. "Rocket League" is a sequel to their other game, "Supersonic Acrobatic Rocket-Powered Battle-Cars" (2008).

Psyonix also worked on games such as "Gears of War", "Bulletstorm" and "Homefront".

Darryl Sutton

Darryl Sutton (27 July 1952 – 28 January 2017) was an Australian rules footballer. He played for North Melbourne, Richmond and the Sydney Swans in the Victorian Football League (VFL). He was born in Tasmania.

Sutton had dementia. He died from pneumonia on 28 January 2017 at the age of 64.

Richard Portman

Richard Portman (April 2, 1934 – January 28, 2017) was an American sound engineer. He worked on over 160 movies between 1963 and 2004. He won an Academy Award for Best Sound for "The Deer Hunter" (1978). He was nominated ten other times for "Kotch" (1971), "The Godfather", "The Candidate" (both 1972), "Paper Moon", "The Day of the Dolphin" (both 1973), "Young Frankenstein" (1974), "Funny Lady" (1975), "Coal Miner's Daughter" (1980), "On Golden Pond" (1981) and "The River" (1984). He was born in Los Angeles, California.

Portman died of problems from a fall on January 28, 2017 in Tallahassee, Florida. He was 82.

Arthur H. Rosenfeld

Arthur Hinton "Art" Rosenfeld (June 22, 1926 – January 27, 2017) was an American physicist. He was Commissioner of the California Energy Commission from 2000 to 2010. From 1994 to 1999, he was a Senior Advisor for Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy in the United States Department of Energy. In 2011, he was awarded the National Medal of Technology and Innovation by U.S. President Barack Obama.

Rosenfeld was born in Birmingham, Alabama. His wife of 53 years, Roselyn Bernheim "Roz" Rosenfeld, had died in 2009. They had two children.

Rosenfeld died from pneumonia on January 27, 2017 in Berkeley, California. He was 90.

Impasto

Impasto is a term used in painting and sometimes in pottery.

It means the paint is laid on thickly in places, thick enough so the brush or painting-knife strokes can be seen. When dry, impasto gives texture, because some of the paint stands out from the canvas.

Impasto is an Italian word which means "to knead", or "to paste".

Azerbaijan Volleyball Federation

The Azerbaijan Volleyball Federation () also known as AVF, is the governing body of volleyball and beach volleyball in Azerbaijan. The Azerbaijan Volleyball Federation was founded in 1992. It became a member of the International Volleyball Federation (FIVB) in 1992. It also joined the European Volleyball Confederation (CEV) in 1992. The Azerbaijan Volleyball Federation's president is Javid Gurbanov. Its headquarters are located in Baku.

Iraqi Airways

Iraqi Airways is the flag carrier of the Iraq. It began in 1945. It's first flight was to Syria in January 1946. It bought its first jet aircraft in the 1960s. They allowed the airline to add flights to cities in the Middle East, Asia and Europe. During the 1970s, it began its first flight to John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City. In 1991, when Iraq invaded Kuwait, all of its planes were grounded by the United Nations. A few years later, they allowed the airline to operate a few domestic flights. The airline was allowed to resume international flights 12 years later on May 30, 2003, after the War in Iraq ended. In 2015, the European Union banned the airline from flying there.

ISO 3166-2:PA

ISO 3166-2:PA is the entry for Panama in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces, departments or states) of all countries that are in ISO 3166-1.

Currently for Panama, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for 10 provinces and 3 indigenous regions.

Each code consists of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the code of Panama. The second part is either of the following:

The codes for the provinces are assigned in traditional Spanish alphabetical order.

Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).



Tokitenkū Yoshiaki

Tokitenkū Yoshiaki (born Altangadasyn Khüchitbaatar, ; 10 September 1979 – 31 January 2017) was a Mongolian sumo wrestler. He made his professional debut in 2002. He reached the top "makuuchi" division just two years later. The highest rank he reached was "komusubi". He held this three separate times, but never for more than one tournament. He earned one special prize, for Technique. He wrestled for Tokitsukaze stable. He was born in Altanbulag, Töv Province. He became a Japanese citizen in January 2014.

Yoshiaki died from lymphoma on 31 January 2017 in Tokyo. He was 37.

Leonard H. Perroots

Leonard Harry Perroots Sr. (April 24, 1933 – January 29, 2017) was an American Air Force general. He was the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) from October 1985 to December 1988. He retired on January 1, 1989. He was born in Morgantown, West Virginia.

Perroots died after a short illness on January 29, 2017 at the age of 83.

Deaths in February 2017

The following is a list of notable deaths in February 2017. For notable deaths of other months in 2017, please see "Months".
































Thomas Joseph Simpson

Thomas Joseph Simpson (November 6, 1921 – January 28, 2017) was a Canadian Royal Navy veteran. He was one of only 114 Canadians to receive the Distinguished Service Medal (DSM) for World War II service. He was born in Windsor, Ontario.

Simpson died on January 28, 2017 in Windsor at the age of 95.

Masaya Nakamura (Namco)

On 30 January 2017, it was announced that Nakamura died on 22 January at the age of 91.

Erland Kolding Nielsen

Erland Kolding Nielsen (13 January 1947 – 23 January 2017) was a Danish librarian and academic. He was best known as director of The Royal Library. He was also the president of the library organisation LIBER from 2003 to 2006. He was born in Frederiksberg.

Kolding Nielsen died on 23 January 2017 at the age of 70.

Sambre

The Sambre is a river that flows through France and Belgium. It empties into the Meuse at the city of Namur from the left side, and has a length of 193 km.

The Sambre river springs from the French commune of Fontenelle in the Hauts-de-France region at an altitude of 210 m. It continues through the Belgian provinces of Hainaut and Namur, passing the city of Charleroi.

Elizabeth Báthory

Elizabeth Bathory (1560–1614) was a countess who lived in Transylvania, then a part of the Kingdom of Hungary. She was from a very important family that included kings, cardinals, knights, and judges. Her family ruled Transylvania as an independent region within the Hungarian kingdom. She was well-educated, beautiful and wealthy. She was also virtually untouchable as a member of the Bathory family. 
She may have been a vicious female serial killer. It is impossible to know what part of her story is fact and what part is fiction. Her gruesome legend has become a part of folklore. She is the central character in a number of books, plays and movies. As the "blood countess", she has often been compared to another fictional character, Count Dracula. Some scholars now that Báthory was not a murderer but instead may have been the victim of a political betrayal.
According to her legend, she was supposed to have tortured and killed over 650 servant girls. It also claimed she bathed in human blood. That, after hearing of all the deaths and tortures going on in her castle, the countess and her servants were put on trial. Her servants were said to have been executed. Báthory herself was walled up in a room in her own castle. There were only slits for air and food. She was found dead three and a half years later. After her death, the story of the evil countess began.
In 2008 a movie was made about her called "Bathory" starring Anna Friel. The movie suggested she did not spend her time bathing in blood. It was a rumor spread by those who were after her wealth. 


Charles Michel

Charles Y.J.Gh. Michel (born December 21, 1975 in Namur) is a Belgian lawyer and politician of the Mouvement réformateur. From October 11, 2014 through October 27, 2019, he was the Prime Minister of Belgium.

Former European Commissioner Louis Michel is his father.

Michel Jr. studied at the Université Libre de Bruxelles and the University of Amsterdam. He successively worked as a lawyer in Brussels.

He held several political posts like government minister of Development Cooperation and an alderman and mayor of Wavre (last one still incumbent).

On 2 July 2019, the President of the European Council Donald Tusk announced a deal reached by EU Leaders which would make Michel his replacement and took office on 1 December 2019.


Louis d'Orléans, Prince of Condé

Prince Louis of Orléans, "Prince of Condé" ("Louis Philippe Marie Léopold"; 1845 – 24 May 1866 was a French prince given the title of Prince of Condé at birth. He died in Australia in 1866 at age 20. 

He was born on 15 November, 1845 at the Château de Saint Cloud outside Paris. He was the eldest son of Henri d'Orleans, Duke of Aumale and his wife Princess Carolina Augusta of the Two Sicilies. Through his father Louis was he was a grandson of Louis Philippe I. As a result of this Louis was a "Prince of Orléans" at birth. He was later given the courtesy title of Prince of Condé. Following the French Revolution of 1848, he and his parents fled to England. He was educated at the "Royal High School" in Edinburgh. He was also the first member of a royal house to visit the Australian continent. This is where he died after catching a cold. He was eventually buried at the Royal Chapel of Dreux in France.


Dana Air Flight 992

Dana Air Flight 992 was a scheduled passenger flight from Abuja to Lagos, Nigeria. The aircraft was a McDonnell Douglas MD-83. On July 3, 2012, both engines stopped working. The aircraft crashed into a neighborhood in Lagos. All 153 people on-board the flight died. Ten people on the ground also died.

Bocas del Toro Province

Bocas del Toro (meaning "Mouths of the Bull") is a province of Panama. The province is in the northwestern part of the country, bordering Costa Rica. The provincial capital is the city of Bocas del Toro on Colón Island.

Christopher Columbus, looking for a way to the Pacific Ocean during its fourth voyage to the Americas, visited this region in 1502 and named the island known now as Colón Island as "Isla del Drago" (the Dragon's Island).

During colonial times, Bocas del Toro was part of the Veraguas province. When the country was part of Colombia, the government made the district of Bocas del Toro in 1834. In 1850, Bocas del Toro became part of Chiriquí but later was made part of the Colón province.

On 16 November 1903, Bocas del Toro was separated from the Colón province and became one province. In 1941, it was divided in two districts, Bocas del Toro and Crimamola. In 1970, the district of Bocas del Toro became the district of Changuinola, the Bastimentos district was eliminated and three new districts were created.

The limits of the districts were changed in 1997 when the Ngäbe-Buglé "comarca" was created.

The Bocas del Toro province borders the Caribbean Sea to the north, Limón Province of Costa Rica to the west, Chiriquí Province to the south, and Ngäbe-Buglé Comarca to the east. The Sixaola river forms part of the border with Costa Rica.

Bocas del Toro province has an area of . The province includes the Bocas del Toro Archipelago, a group of islands in the Caribbean Sea; the main islands of the archipelago are:

The national parks in the province are "Isla Bastimentos National Marine Park" (), which contains most of Bastimentos islands and some smaller nearby islands, and "La Amistad International Park" (), which spans the Costa Rica–Panama border. Bocas del Toro contains most of the Panamanian section of the park, which covers . The Costa Rican section of the park covers .

The people of the province are known as "Bocatoreños" (women:"Bocatoreñas").

The Bocas del Toro province had a population, in 2010, of 125,461, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Bocas del Toro province

The Bocas del Toro province is divided in four districts, which are divided into 30 "corregimientos". The new district of Almirante was created on 8 June 2015 with territory of the Changuinola district.

The main economic activity in the mainland of the province is farming, with plantain as the main commercial crop. In the islands, the main activities are fishing and tourism.


Marta Becket

Marta Becket (August 9, 1924 – January 30, 2017) was an dancer, choreographer and painter. She was born in New York City. She performed for more than 40 years at her own theater, the Amargosa Opera House in Death Valley Junction, California. She retired in 2012.

The 2000 documentary movie about Becket's life, "Amargosa" won a 2003 Emmy Award for cinematographer Curt Apduhan, in addition to the movie's numerous festival awards and nominations.

Becket died on January 30, 2017 at her home in Death Valley Junction, California from congestive heart failure, aged 92.

James S. C. Chao

James Si-Cheng Chao (; born December 29, 1927) is a Chinese-American businessman and philanthropist. His daughter, Elaine, previously served as the 18th United States Secretary of Transportation.

He is the founder of the Foremost Group, a New York-based shipping, trading, and finance enterprise. The James S.C. Chao Scholarship is named after him. Active philanthropists, Chao and his wife, Ruth Mulan Chu, established the Mulan Foundation in 1984 to provide scholarships to help students in the U.S. and China access higher education.

Chao has served for more than a decade as Chairman of both the Chiao-Tung University Alumni Association in America and the Chiao-Tung University Alumni Foundation of America from 1988 to 1999.

Chao married Ruth Mulan Chu in 1951. Chu died in 2007 from lymphoma. They had six children. They immigrated to the United States in 1961. He now lives in New York City.


John Wetton

John Kenneth Wetton (12 June 1949 – 31 January 2017) was a British singer-songwriter and bass guitarist. He was born in Willington, Derbyshire. He rose to fame with bands Mogul Thrash, Family, King Crimson, Roxy Music/Bryan Ferry, Uriah Heep, and Wishbone Ash. He was known for playing the bass guitar. 

Wetton died in his sleep at his home in Bournemouth, Dorset on 31 January 2017 from colon cancer. He was 67. He was survived by his wife, Lisa and son, Dylan.


Philip M. Bilden

Philip Michael Bilden (born 1964) is an American business leader. He is a private equity pioneer in Asia. Bilden is also a national security and cybersecurity advocate, and philanthropist.

Bilden was nominated to serve as the 76th Secretary of the Navy by President Donald Trump on January 25, 2017. He withdrew his nomination on February 26, 2017.

James Comey

James Brien "Jim" Comey, Jr. (born December 14, 1960) is an American lawyer. He was the 7th Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) from September 4, 2013 until May 9, 2017 when he was fired by President Donald Trump.

Comey was the U.S. Attorney for the Southern District of New York from January 2002 to December 2003, and later, the United States Deputy Attorney General, from December 2003 to August 2005. As Deputy Attorney General, Comey was the second-highest-ranking official in the United States Department of Justice (DOJ), and ran its day-to-day operations.

Comey was born in Yonkers, New York. He grew up in Allendale, New Jersey. He graduated from the College of William and Mary in 1982, majoring in chemistry and religion and later from the University of Chicago with a Juris Doctor.

In September 2013, Comey was appointed Director of the FBI by President Barack Obama. 

Comey was responsible for overseeing the FBI's investigation of the Hillary Clinton email controversy. His role in the 2016 U.S. presidential election, particularly with regard to his public communications, was highly controversial. His decisions have been regarded by many analysts, including Nate Silver of FiveThirtyEight, to have likely cost Clinton the election.

Comey was fired by President Donald Trump on May 9, 2017 reportedly days after Comey asked increased funding from the Justice Department for the FBI's investigation into Russian interference in the 2016 United States elections. The Justice Department called the "New York Times" report that Comey asked for more funding "totally false". In a statement by the White House, they released a statement saying that "removing Comey will help bring the Russia investigation to end" quickly and rapidly, and that it would be ended soon.

Comey and his wife Patrice Failor are the parents of five children. He was raised in a Roman Catholic household. 

Comey was a member of the Republican Party until 2016 when he announced that he was an Independent.


E. Ahamed

E. Ahamed (29 April 1938 – 1 February 2017) was an Indian politician. He served as Minister of State for External Affairs in the Manmohan Singh government from 2004 through 2014. He represented the Malappuram Lok Sabha constituency of Kerala and is the National President of the Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) from 2009 until his death in 2017. He was born in Malappuram, Kerala.

Ahamed died at the age of 78 at a hospital in Delhi, India after suffering from cardiac arrest during President Pranab Mukherjee's address to the parliament.


Filostrato (poem)

Filostrato is a poem by 14th-century Italian poet Giovanni Boccaccio. It tells about Troilo's love for Criseyda. The historical importance comes from two reasons. One reason is that it is one of the first long poems written in ottava rima. The second is that it was a source for Geoffrey Chaucer's "Troilus and Criseyde". Ottava rima is a strophe built of eight lines and rhymed abababcc.

Boccaccio's poem was based on "Roman de Troie" by Benôit de Sainte Maure, "Historia troiana" by Guido delle Colonne, a similar story by Binduccio dello Scelto and "Historia Troiae" by Filippo Ceppi.



Concha Ibáñez

Concha Ibáñez Escobar, also, Conxa Ibáñez (26 March 1926 – 22 December 2022) is a Catalan painter and writer. She is known as a landscape artist. She has painted scenes in Catalonia, Castile, Andalusia, the Balearic Islands, the Canary Islands, Venice, Greece, Maghreb, Cuba, New York City.

Her illustrations in oil or engraving accompanied the works of the writers Baltasar Porcel, Miquel de Palol, Marta Pessarrodona, Cesareo Rodriguez-Aguilera and Josep Maria Carandell.

Ibáñez was born in Canet de Mar, Catalonia. She died on 22 December 2022, at the age of 93.

Etel Adnan

Etel Adnan (24 February 1925 – 14 November 2021) was a Lebanese-American Feminist writer, poet, essayist, and visual artist.

In 2003, Adnan was named "arguably the most celebrated and accomplished Arab American author writing today" by the academic journal "MELUS: Multi-Ethnic Literature of the United States".

Besides her literary works, Adnan worked on visual works in a variety of media, such as oil paintings, movies and tapestries, which have been exhibited at galleries across the world.

She lived in Paris and Sausalito, California. Adnan openly identifies as lesbian.

Adnan died in Paris on 14 November 2021, at the age of 96.



Grethe Bartram

Maren Margrethe Thomsen, known as Maren Margrethe "Grethe" Bartram and "Thora" (23 February 1924 – ) was a Danish war criminal. 

She was known for informing on at least 53 people from the Danish resistance movement during the Second World War. It resulted in the early communist resistance groups being dismantled and many of their members being sent to concentration camps. Bartram informed on her brother, husband and close friends.

Bartram was given the death penalty after the war but was later pardoned and the sentence was changed to life in prison. In 1956 she was released and moved to Halland in Sweden where she lived under her married name.

Bartram's was announced on 31 January 2017. She had died at her home in Halland, aged 92.


Neil Gorsuch

Neil McGill Gorsuch (born August 29, 1967) is an American judge and Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States since taking office on April 10, 2017. Before, he served as a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit from August 8, 2006 through April 9, 2017.

On January 31, 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Gorsuch to be an Associate Justice of the Supreme Court of the United States, to fill the seat left vacant after the death of Justice Antonin Scalia. On April 3, the Senate Judiciary committee approved his nomination with a 11-9 vote. On April 7, 2017, the Senate confirmed Gorsuch's nomination to the Supreme Court with a bipartisan 54–45 affirmative vote with three Democratic Senators joining all of the Republican Senators. He was sworn in on April 10, 2017.

Gorsuch was born in Denver, Colorado. His mother, Anne Gorsuch Burford, served as head of the United States Environmental Protection Agency during the Ronald Reagan administration from 1981 through 1983.

Gorsuch graduated from the Georgetown Preparatory School and received a B.A. from Columbia University (where he was the founder and first chief editor of alternative newspaper "The Fed" and won a Truman Scholarship). He earned his J.D. from Harvard Law School and Doctorate of Legal Philosophy from Oxford University.

Before joining the Tenth Circuit, Gorsuch had been a Deputy Associate Attorney General at the U.S. Department of Justice since 2005. From 1995–2005, Gorsuch was in private practice with the law firm of Kellogg, Huber, Hansen, Todd, Evans & Figel.

Gorsuch was nominated by President George W. Bush on May 10, 2006 to replace Judge David M. Ebel, who took Senior status in 2006. Gorsuch was confirmed by voice vote by the U.S. Senate on July 20, 2006. Gorsuch was Bush's fifth appointment to the Tenth Circuit. He resigned on April 9, 2017 to serve in the Supreme Court.

In September 2016, during the U.S. presidential election, then-candidate Donald Trump included Gorsuch in a list of 21 current judges whom Trump would think about nominating to the Supreme Court if elected.

In January 2017, after President Trump was elected, some unnamed Trump advisers listed Gorsuch in a shorter list of eight of those names, who they said were the leading contenders to be nominated to replace the seat vacated by the late Justice Antonin Scalia.

On January 31, 2017, President Trump announced his nomination of Gorsuch to the Supreme Court. Trump formally transmitted the nomination to the Senate on February 1, 2017.

On April 3, the Senate Judiciary committee approved his nomination with a 11-9 vote. On April 6, 2017, Democrats filibustered (prevented cloture) the confirmation vote of Gorsuch, after which the Senate Republicans invoked the "nuclear option" and removed the option of a filibuster for Supreme Court nominees. On April 7, 2017, the Senate confirmed Gorsuch's nomination to the Supreme Court with a bipartisan 54–45 affirmative vote with three Democratic Senators joining all of the Republican Senators.

Gorsuch was sworn into office on Monday, April 10, 2017, in two ceremonies. The Chief Justice of the United States John G. Roberts administered the first oath of office in a private ceremony at 9:00 a.m. at the Supreme Court. At 11:00 a.m., Justice Anthony Kennedy administered the second oath of office in a public ceremony at the White House.

Gorsuch and his wife, Louise, have two daughters, Emma (born 1999) and Belinda (born 2001). They live in Boulder, Colorado.


Frank Pellegrino (actor)

Frank Joseph Pellegrino (May 19, 1944 – January 31, 2017) was an American actor, restaurateur and writer. He was best known for his roles in "Goodfellas", "Law & Order" and "The Sopranos". He was the co-owner of the restaurant Rao's in New York City. He also wrote cookbooks.

Pellegrino was born in the East Harlem neighborhood of Manhattan, New York. His son, Frank "Frankie" Pellegrino Jr., was also a restaurateur.

Pellegrino died from lung cancer on January 31, 2017 in Manhattan. He was 72.

David Burhani

David Burhani (17 November 1990 – 30 January 2017) was a Tanzanian footballer. He played as a goalkeeper for Prisons, Mbeya City, Maji Maji and Kagera Sugar of the Tanzanian Premier League.

Burhani died on 30 January 2017 in Mwanza at the age of 26.


Side chain

A side chain in organic chemistry is a chemical group. It is attached to the molecule's "main chain" or backbone. A side chain is also known as a pendant chain.

Alkyl (saturated hydrocarbon) group side chains are represented by the placeholder R. Other non-carbon groups can be represented by X, Y, or Z.

John N. Mather

John Norman Mather (June 9, 1942 – January 28, 2017) was an American mathematician. He was known for his work on singularity theory and Hamiltonian mechanics. He worked at Princeton University. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He studied at Princeton and Harvard University.

Mather died on January 28, 2017 in Princeton, New Jersey at the age of 74.

Bharati Mukherjee

Bharati Mukherjee (July 27, 1940 – January 28, 2017) was an American writer. She was a professor in the department of English at the University of California, Berkeley. She was known for her books about the experiences of being an immigrant. She was well known for her book "Jasmine" (1989).

Mukherjee was born in Calcutta, West Bengal, India. She later studied in the U.S. and Canada. She was married to writer Clark Blaise. They had two children.

Mukherjee died from problems caused by rheumatoid arthritis and takotsubo cardiomyopathy on January 28, 2017 in Manhattan. She was 76.

Eli Zelkha

Elias "Eli" Zelkha (May 4, 1950 – January 8, 2017) was an Iranian-American entrepreneur, venture capitalist and professor. He was the inventor of ambient intelligence, an idea from computer science to create an environment of machines that meaningfully interact with people. He studied at Colgate University and Stanford University.

Zelkha was born in Tehran, Iran and he was of Jewish faith. He was married to Alice and had three children.

Zelkha died on January 8, 2017 in Woodside, California at the age of 66.

Tabor

Tabor or tabret () refers to a portable snare drum played with one hand. The word "tabor" is simply an English variant of a Latin word meaning "drum" It has been used in the military as a marching instrument. It has also been used in parades.

Queenstown, New Zealand

Queenstown () is a resort town in Otago in the south-west of New Zealand's South Island. It has a population of 13 200 (2015). The town is built around an inlet called Queenstown Bay on Lake Wakatipu. It has spectacular views of nearby mountains. These include The Remarkables, Cecil Peak, Walter Peak, Ben Lomond and Queenstown Hill. It was named after Queen Victoria.

Sandy Gandhi

Sandy Gandhi (born Sandra Aranha; 28 January 1958 – 1 February 2017) was an Australian comedian and columnist. She was based in Byron Bay, New South Wales. She called herself "Australia's Most Easterly Indian". She was best known for her stand-up comedy based on an Indian character she acted as. She was also an entertainment editor for "The Echo". She appeared on "Australia's Got Talent".

Gandhi was born in New Delhi, India. She grew up in Bangalore and Melbourne.

Gandhi died on 1 February 2017 in Byron Bay at the age of 59.

Deke Leonard

Roger "Deke" Leonard (18 December 1944 – 31 January 2017) was a British rock guitarist. He began his career in the 1960s. He was best known a member of the bands Man and Iceberg. He was born in Llanelli, south Wales.

Leonard died on 31 January 2017 at the age of 72.

Rhondda

Rhondda or Rhondda Valley is a former coal mining community in Wales. The area is actually two valleys: the larger Rhondda Fawr valley (mawr large) and the smaller Rhondda Fach valley (bach small). The singular term 'Rhondda Valley' and the plural 'Rhondda Valleys' are both commonly used.

The larger of the two valleys, the Rhondda Fawr, extends from Porth and rises through the valley until it reaches Blaenrhondda, near Treherbert. The villages that make up the Rhondda Fawr are:


The Rhondda Fach is the smaller of the two valleys. Villages include Wattstown, Ynyshir, Pontygwaith, Ferndale, Tylorstown and Maerdy. The settlements that make up the Rhondda Fach are as follows:


Porth

Porth is a village in the Rhondda Valleys, Wales. Porth is at the joint of the Rhondda Fawr and Rhondda Fach, Porth sees itself as the capital of the Rhondda.

On 11 April 1877 the Tynewydd Colliery was the scene of a mine disaster that led to a mine rescue operation following which four first-class and twenty-one second-class Albert Medals for Lifesaving were awarded. A build-up of water in old Cymmer Colliery resulted in flooding of the Tynewydd mine. Only fourteen of 100 miners employed at the mine were working underground at the time of the accident. Four of the trapped miners were rescued after eighteen hours.

The nearby village of Dinas Was the site of the first coal mine in the Rhonddda.

From Porth you can travel by bus to places such as Cardiff, Treochy, Pontypridd, Porth has a train station in Hannah Street.

There are schools in Porth. Porth Infants for 3-6 yrs old. Porth Juniors for 6-11 yrs old. Porth County Community School for 11-18 yrs old (opened in 1973).Michael Sheen (the Welsh actor) visited PCCS in May 2009.

Cymmer, Rhondda Cynon Taf

Cymmer is a village in the Rhondda Valley Wales. Cymmer is in the lower Rhondda Valley about half way between Treorchy and Pontypridd.

Cymmer, which is now seen as a part of Porth takes its name from the old Welsh word that describes a spot where two rivers of the same name join.
Before coal mining, not many people lived in Cymmer. Cymmer was one of the first villages within the Rhondda Valley. The Lewis colliery had many examples of the pithead gear in South Wales Rhondda Heritage Park now has the only pithead gear in the Rhondda. In 1847 George Insole opened his first mine in Cymmer. In 1855 he opened a second pit in Cymmer near the old pit.

Tuesday 15th July 1856 at the Old Pit in Cymmer, there was an explosion which was Britain’s largest mining accident at that time. One hundred and sixty men and boys lowered down the shaft to begin their shift when the explosion took place. 114 people were killed. The explosion was caused by miners carrying open flames which lit pockets of gas.

Cymmer chapel The earliest independent Chapel in the Rhondda appointed its first Minister in 1752. Little is known of its earlier history although it is known to have been made in 1740.

St John Church is in a prominent position on the hillside above the earlier settlement of Cymmer centred round the Cymmer Chapel.

Cymmer is on the A4119 road half a mile from its junction with the A4058 road.

Ynyshir

Ynyshir is a village in Rhondda, Wales which neighbours Porth. Its name means "Long Meadow" or "Long Island".

Before the 18th century only a few farms were found in Ynyshir. In 1845 the first deep coal mine was made in the village, it was the first coal mine to be opened in the Rhondda Fach valley. Ynyshir was part of the British coal empire.

Ynyshir village began along the west side of the Rhondda Fach river on the land owned by Ynyshir farm, later followed by the building of houses east of the river on land owned by Maendy and Penrhiw farms. By 1900 much of the village which you can see today was in place.

In 1841 the Taff Vale Railway reached the next village, Dinas and with the train this meant the owners of the coal mines could send their coal across South Wales.

Ynyshir was home to several chapels/churches, namely Ainon Chapel (Welsh Baptist), Bethany Chapel (English Baptist), Moriah Chapel (Calvinistic Methodist), St Anne's (Church in Wales), Saron Chapel (Welsh Independent), Ynyshir Welsh Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, Bethel Chapel (Welsh Baptist), Penuel Chapel (English Independent), Tabernacle Chapel (Congregational Methodist) and Ynyshir English Wesleyan Methodist Chapel.

In 1882, the first boys school was made. Then, a girls and infants school was made in 1903. In 2009 the new modern £5.5 million Ynyshir Community Primary School located on Llanwonno Road was opened; this was to replace the previous Ynyshir Junior School and later in 2010 also replaced the old Ynyshir Infants School off Gynor Place. The first head teacher of the school was Miss Morgan and the present head teacher is Miss Phillips.

Ynyshir has bus links. The nearest city is Cardiff. Ynyshir has no train stations. The closest train station is Porth. Ynyshir's main A road is the A4223 that was built in 2005.

Trealaw

Trealaw is a village in the Rhondda, South Wales.

Klootschieten

Klootschieten ("Ball shooting" in English) is a sport played in the Netherlands and Frisia, Lower Saxony, Germany. In the game, players try to throw a ball (called a kloot) as far as they can. One version is played on frozen fields during the winter. A heavier ball is used when played on streets. A third version is played while standing still. The game is often played by teams of from three to five players. Two teams play at a time. Each team acts as the other's jury.


German Americans

German Americans is a ethnic group of American citizens of German ancestry. According to the United States Census Bureau, in 2013 there were 46 million Americans who claimed some German ancestry. In parts of the Northern United States they outnumber any other ethnic groups. In Wisconsin, for example, 41% of the population is German-American. They are the largest ethnic group in the United States.
There are also Germans Americans of Danube Swabians Background 

Étienne Tshisekedi

Étienne Tshisekedi wa Mulumba (14 December 1921 – 1 February 2017) was a Congolese politician. He was the leader of the Union for Democracy and Social Progress (UDPS). He served as the Prime Minister of Zaire three times: in 1991, 1992–1993 and 1997. He was born in Kabeya Kamwanga, Belgian Congo.

Tshisekedi died from a pulmonary embolism on 1 February 2017 in Brussels, Belgium at the age of 95.

Paul-Eerik Rummo

Paul-Eerik Rummo (born 1942) is an Estonian politician and poet. He was born in Tallinn. His father, Paul-Eerik Rummo, was a writer. He studied philology at Tallin University. He worked as literary critic for some theatres. He was a secretary of Estonian Writers Society from 1987 to 1989. In 1994 he joined Estonian Reform Party. He became a member of parliament. The he was a minister of culture in cabinet of Mart Laar. He published many books of poetry, for example "Ankruhiivaja" ("Anchor Heaver", 1962).


Dan Spiegle

Dan Spiegle (December 12, 1920 – January 28, 2017) was an American comic book and cartoon artist. He was born in Cosmopolis, Washington. He was best known for comics based on movie and television characters from a group of companies including Dell Comics, DC Comics and Marvel Comics. He was known for illustrating the Jonah Hex and Scooby-Doo comic books.

Spiegle died on January 28, 2017 at the age of 96.

Guitar Gable

Gabriel Perrodin (August 17, 1937 – January 28, 2017), known as Guitar Gable, was an American Louisiana blues, swamp blues and swamp pop singer-songwriter and musician. He was best known for recording the original version of "This Should Go On Forever", and his part in the vibrant swamp blues and pop scene in Louisiana in the 1950s and early 1960s.

Gable died in hospital at Opelousas, Louisiana, on January 28, 2017, aged 79.

Aleksander Jackowski

Aleksander Jackowski (19 January 1920 – 1 January 2017) was a Polish cultural anthropologist, ethnographer, and art critic. He worked at the University of Warsaw until his death in 2017. 

Jackowski was born in Warsaw, Poland. During World War II, Jackowski was sent by the Soviet government to serve with the General Berling Army in Serbia. He returned to Warsaw in 1945 after the war ended. He graduated from a university in Warsaw.

Until 1948, he worked in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, as the director of the Minister’s Cabinet managing the Press and Information Department. In 1948, he became the deputy editor in chief of the weekly “Odrodzenie” (Renascence). From the end of 1949, he was the Deputy Director and Head of the Department of Folk and Naïve Art at the Art Institute in the Polish Academy of Sciences.

In his later years, he worked as a professor and anthropology expert at the University of Warsaw until his death.

Jackowski died in Warsaw on 1 January 2017, aged 96.

Air France Flight 358

On August 2, 2005, Air France Flight 358 was an Airbus A340 that overran the runway at Toronto Pearson International Airport, due to the pilots deploying the thrust reversers too slowly. Despite 12 people sustaining injuries, all 309 people on board the plane survived.

Following the accident many flights departing from and arriving at Pearson were cancelled, and many other flights to Toronto Pearson were diverted to other Canadian airports such as Ottawa, London, Hamilton and Winnipeg. Many of the large aircraft were diverted to Montreal, as well as Syracuse, New York, and Buffalo, New York. Flights from Vancouver had to turn around. Around 540 flights were cancelled.

Bobby Freeman

Robert Thomas "Bobby" Freeman (June 13, 1940 – January 23, 2017) was an African-American soul and R&B singer-songwriter and record producer. He was best known for his two Top Ten hits, the first in 1958 on Josie Records called "Do You Want to Dance" and the second in 1964 for Autumn Records, "C'mon and Swim".

Freeman was born in Alameda County, California. He was raised in San Francisco, California. He studied at Mission High School. He began his career in 1956 when he was 16 years old. Bobby was well known and liked as a local figure in Richmond California in the early 60's. Freeman died in San Francisco, California on January 28, 2017, aged 76.

Marcel Prud'homme

Marcel Prud'homme (November 30, 1934 – January 25, 2017) was a Canadian politician. He was a member of the Senate of Canada for La Salle, Quebec from 1993 until his resignation in 2009. Before, he was a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons of Canada from 1963 through 1993 for Saint-Denis. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. He served as a Liberal in the MP from 1963 through 1993 and as an Independent from 1993 until his death in 2017.

In 2007, he was awarded the Order of Friendship of Russia.

Prud'homme died in Ottawa, Ontario on January 25, 2017 from a heart attack, aged 82.


Desmond Carrington

Desmond Herbert Carrington (23 May 1926 – 1 February 2017) was a British actor and broadcaster. He was best known for his weekly evening show, "The Music Goes Round", on BBC Radio 2. His show went out on Sundays for 23 years from 1981 to 2004, when it moved to Tuesdays – then to Fridays. He retired in his final broadcast on 28 October 2016. He was known for playing Dr. Chris Anderson in the British soap opera "Emergency – Ward 10". He was born in Bromley, Kent.

Carrington died at his home in Perthshire, Scotland on 1 February 2017 from complications of Alzheimer's disease, aged 90.

Ken Morrison

Sir Kenneth Duncan "Ken" Morrison CBE (20 October 1931 – 1 February 2017) was an English businessman. He was the Life President and former chairman of Morrisons (Wm Morrison Supermarkets PLC), the fourth largest supermarket group in the United Kingdom since 1956.

Morrison died on 1 February 2017 from a short-illness at his home in Myton-on-Swale, North Yorkshire, aged 85.


Abdulkadir Kure

Abdulkadir Kure (26 February 1956 – 8 January 2017) was a Nigerian politician. He was a member of the People's Democratic Party (PDP). He served as Governor of Niger State from 29 May 1999 to 29 May 2007.

Kure was born in Lapai, Niger State. He was married to Zainab Abdulkadir Kure. They had two daughters and four sons.

Kure died on 8 January 2017 in Germany at the age of 60.

José Antonio Alonso

José Antonio Alonso Suárez (28 March 1960 – 2 February 2017) was a Spanish politician and judge. He was a member of the Socialist Workers' Party (PSOE). He was the Minister of the Interior from 2004 to 2006 and the Minister of Defence from 2006 to 2008. He was born in León, León.

Alonso died from lung cancer on 2 February 2017 in Madrid. He was 56.

Albano Bortoletto Cavallin

Albano Bortoletto Cavallin (25 April 1930 – 1 February 2017) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in Lapa, Paraná.

Bortoletto Cavallin became a priest in 1953. He served as the Bishop of Guarapuava from 1986 to 1992. He later served as the Archbishop of Londrina from 1992 until his retirement in 2006.

He died from surgical problems on 1 February 2017 in Londrina, Paraná. He was 86.

Stig Grybe

Stig Rudolf Grybe (18 July 1928 – 1 February 2017) was a Swedish actor and comedian. He was born in Stockholm. He was best known for his voice work and dubbing. He also appeared in original Swedish productions. He began his career in the 1940s. He appeared in 22 Swedish movies between 1947 and 2011.

Grybe died after a short illness on 1 February 2017 at the age of 88.


Ramón Martínez Pérez

Ramón Martínez Pérez (6 February 1929 – 6 January 2017), also known as Romaní, was a Spanish footballer. He played as a midfielder for Sevilla and Granada of La Liga. He also played for CD Málaga and made two appearances for the national team in 1952.

Martínez Pérez died on 6 January 2017 at the age of 87.


Ahmed Aboutaleb

Ahmed Aboutaleb, Arabic: أحمد أبو طالب , (born August 29, 1961 in Beni Sidel) is a Dutch politician of Moroccan descent. He is a member of the Labour Party (PvdA) and the current mayor of Rotterdam.

Aboutaleb migrated to the Netherlands in 1976. He studied telecommunication and worked as a journalist and a civil servant. He was also director of Forum, an organisation aimed at multicultural issues.

From 2004 to 2007 he was an alderman of Amsterdam and from 2007 to 2008 deputy minister for social affairs and employment in the Fourth Balkenende cabinet.

Since January 2009 he has been mayor of Rotterdam.

Ahmed Aboutaleb is a Muslim, and married with four children.



David Copperfield

David Copperfield is a novel by Charles Dickens. Like his other novels, it first came out as a series in a magazine under the title "The Personal History, Adventures, Experience and Observation of David Copperfield the Younger of Blunderstone Rookery".

The story is told in the first person. Some of the greatest Dickens characters appear in the novel, such as the evil clerk "Uriah Heep". Other villains in David's life are his brutal stepfather, "Edward Murdstone", and "Mr. Creakle", the headmaster of the boarding school that Murdstone sends him to.

The evil characters are balanced by the good characters, such as "Peggotty" – the faithful servant of the Copperfield family and a lifelong companion to David. Others include David's aunt "Betsy Trotwood" and her friend "Mr. Dick". "Agnes Wickfield" is a close friend of David since childhood, and later becomes David's second wife and mother of their children. "Mr. Micawber" is a gentle and friendly man who goes to debtors' prison, but in the end makes a success as a sheep farmer in Australia. He is based on Dickens's own father.

Dadou

The Dadou is a river in southwestern France, right tributary of the Agout river. It flows through the Tarn department, in the Occitanie region.

The Dadou river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Montdragon in the Tarn department.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Montdragon (49 years)
The source of the Dadou is on the "Monts de Lacaune", in the southern Massif Central, in the "commune" of Saint-Salvi-de-Carcavès, Tarn department, at an altitude of about .

The Agout flows, in general, to the west through the Tarn department and 26 "communes". Some of the "communes" are Montdragon, Graulhet, Briatexte, Lacaze, Rayssac, Saint-Julien-du-Puy, Vénès, Saint-Genest-de-Contest, Le Masnau-Massuguiès, Saint-Salvi-de-Carcavès, Laboutarie, Lombers, Réalmont, Saint-Lieux-Lafenasse, Saint-Antonin-de-Lacalm, Le Travet, Teillet, Arifat, Mont-Roc, Paulinet, Giroussens, Saint-Jean-de-Rives, Ambres, Saint-Gauzens, Puybegon, Montredon-Labessonnié.

Finally, it flows, as a right tributary into the Agout river at Ambres, near Saint-Jean-de-Rives, in the Tarn department, at of altitude.

The main tributaries of the Dadou are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:



Oran

Oran (Arabic: وهران‎‎ - Wahrān, Berber: ⵡⴰⵀⵔⴻⵏ - Wahren) is a city in western Algeria, on the coast. In 2010, about 853,000 people were living there. 

It is the capital of Oran Province and was established in 903.

Oran is the second biggest city in Algeria after Algiers. It is well-known because of its business activities and culture.


Boston accent

The Boston accent is a local accent of Eastern New England English. It is spoken specifically in the city of Boston, its suburbs, and much of eastern Massachusetts. Eastern New England English also traditionally includes New Hampshire and Maine. The accent originated with the Puritans who came to the area from East Anglia in the 17th century. It was also influenced by 19th and 20th century immigrants from Ireland. This resulted in the distinct r-dropping (locally called "wicked natural") dialect found in modern costal Massachusetts.

The traditional Boston accent is non-rhotic, particularly in the early 1900s. Recent studies have shown that younger speakers tend to use more of a rhotic accent than older speakers from the Boston region. The Boston accent is pronounced with a “broad A”. The letter "r" is dropped only in certain words like 'car' and 'hard'. For example, a person might “pahk the cah in Hahvahd yahd.”

Some words used in the Boston area are:


Flag of Portland, Oregon

The city flag of Portland, Oregon, consists of a green field on which is placed a white four-pointed star from which radiate blue stripes, each bordered by L-shaped yellow lines. Narrow white lines separate the blue and yellow elements from each other and from the green background. Officially the flag has a height of 3 feet and a length of 5 feet.

City ordinance 176874, adopted September 4, 2002, sets the design and what it means. Green stands for "the forests and our green City"; yellow for "agriculture and commerce"; blue for "our rivers". Portland is on the Willamette River near its joining with the Columbia River. City Ordinance 186794, adopted September 3, 2014, updated the proportions and the Pantone color specifications: White, PMS 279 (Blue); PMS 349 (Green); and PMS 1235 (Yellow).

The flag was designed in 1969 by a longtime Portland resident, graphic designer R. Douglas Lynch (1913–2009). The version of the flag adopted at that time included, over Lynch's objections, a dark blue canton containing the city seal in yellow and white; in 2002 Lynch and fellow members of the Portland Flag Association persuaded the city council to simplify the design to better reflect his original intent.

Patria (novel)

Patria is a Spanish dramatic novel written in 2016 by Fernando Aramburu.

The novel is set in a small rural village from Gipuzkoa, Basque Country where the ETA established their totalitarian regime. This situation affects two families that were friends in the past, but not in the present.

On the day that ETA announces that it will abandon the armed struggle, Bittori visits the cemetery to tell the grave of her husband, El Txato, assassinated by the terrorists, that she has decided to return to the house where they lived.


Princess Françoise, Mademoiselle d'Estouteville

Princess Françoise of Monaco ("Marie Françoise Thérése"; 20 July 1728 – 20 June 1743) was a member of the House of Grimaldi and a daughter of the-then reigning Princess Louise Hippolyte of Monaco. She was known as "Mademoiselle d'Estouteville".

Given the names "Marie Marie Françoise Thérése", she was the youngest daughter of the-then reigning Princess Louise Hippolyte of Monaco and her consort Prince Jacques I of Monaco. She known as ""Mademoiselle d'Estouteville"" taken from one of her father's dukedoms. She never married and died as a result of smallpox in Paris. 

Marisa Letícia Lula da Silva

Marisa Letícia Lula da Silva (née Casa; 7 April 1950 – 3 February 2017) was the second wife of President of Brazil Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva. She served as the First Lady of Brazil from 2003 to 2010. She was born in São Bernardo do Campo, São Paulo. She had four children, three of which were fathered by Lula.

Letícia died from a stroke on 3 February 2017 in São Paulo at the age of 66.

Predrag Matvejević

Predrag Matvejević (7 October 1932 – 2 February 2017) was a Bosnian Croatian writer and political activist. His book, "Mediterranean Breviary: A Cultural Landscape" (1987), was a bestseller in many European countries. It was also translated into more than 20 languages. He was born in Mostar.

Matvejević died on 2 February 2017 in Zagreb at the age of 84.

Jeff Sauer

Jeffrey "Jeff" Sauer (March 10, 1943 – February 2, 2017) was an American ice hockey player and coach. He was the head coach at the Colorado College from 1971 to 1982 and the University of Wisconsin from 1982 to 2002. He was born in Fort Atkinson, Wisconsin.

Sauer died from pancreatic cancer on February 2, 2017 at the age of 73.

Cor van der Hoeven

Cornelius "Cor" van der Hoeven (12 May 1921 – 1 February 2017) was a Dutch footballer. He played as a midfielder for DWS and Ajax. He also made three appearances with the national team. He was born in Amsterdam.

Van der Hoeven died on 1 February 2017 in Amsterdam at the age of 95.

Imljani

Imljani (Имљани), is a village in Central Bosnia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Skender Vakuf Municipality. It consists of a few hamlets spreading on the Undervlašić's plateau, above the canyons of Ilomska and Ugar rivers. Actually, it covers the sub-plateau in the area of the angle between Korićanske stijene and Ugarske stijene ("Rocks of Ugar").


Marie Anne Éléonore de Bourbon

Marie Anne Éléonore de Bourbon (Marie Anne Éléonore Gabrielle; 22 December 1690 – 30 August 1760) was a granddaughter of King Louis XIV and was a nun at the Abbey of Saint-Antoine-des-Champs. Baptised with the names ""Marie Anne Gabrielle Éléonore"", she signed as Marie Gabrielle Éléonore (see right). 

Born at the Palace of Versailles the oldest daughter of Louis, Duke of Bourbon, Prince of Condé, "Monsieur le duc" and his wife Louise Françoise de Bourbon As the result of her father, she had the rank of a Princess of the blood, which entitled her to the style of "Her/Your Serene Highness". A younger sister of hers was The Princess of Conti. In her youth she was known by both "Mademoiselle de Condé" and "Mademoiselle de Bourbon", being the oldest princess of the Condé branch of the House of Bourbon, and a brother of hers acted as Prime Minister of France during the reign of Louis XV

On 6 May 1706 at the age of 16, she was made a nun at the Royal Abbey of Fontevraud in Anjou. She was later made the Abbess of Saint-Antoine-des-Champs in 1723 and was known as Madame de Bourbon. Saint-Antoine-des-Champs had been an abbey since the 13th century.

As the result of being a nun, Marie Gabrielle Éléonore never married and had no children as a result. She died in the Parisian suburb of Villejuif and was buried at the Abbey of Saint-Antoine-des-Champs.

Debra Baptist-Estrada

Debra Baptist-Estrada is a port commander from Belize. In 2016 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Estrada was Port Commander of Philip S. W. Goldson International Airport, the only international airport in Belize. For 20 years, she worked in the immigration department. In 2015 she helped U.S. officials to find a smuggling organization. The organization was smuggling drugs and people to the United States and Europe. Then she was transferred to the northern border of Belize. She worked as an immigration officer at the Santa Elena Border in Corozal. She continued to refuse bribes and enforce the immigration laws.


Sara Hossain

Sara Hossain is a lawyer from Bangladesh. In 2016, she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Hossain received a bachelor's degree from Oxford University in 1988, and a Barrister-at-Law degree from Middle Temple in 1989. She joined the Supreme Court of Bangladesh in 1992, working in the areas of constitutional law, public interest, and family law.

Hossain helped write the laws on violence against women. She also worked on court cases against fatwas by village courts, forced veiling of women, and non-medical test for virginity in sexual assault cases. 


Flash Airlines Flight 604

Flash Airlines Flight 604, a Boeing 737-300, was a flight from Sharm El Sheikh, Egypt, to Paris, France, via Cairo. On January 3, 2004 the plane crashed into the Red Sea just moments after take-off at Sharm El Sheikh International Airport. All 135 passengers and 13 crew members on-board the plane died. The cause of the crash remains disputed, but it was suggested to be spatial disorientation by the Captain.

The crash remains Egypt's deadliest air-disaster, until the bombing of Kogalymavia Flight 9268, with 224 deaths. The crash is also the worst crash of a Boeing 737-300.

The flight took off at 04:44 Eastern European Time (0244 GMT) from runway 22R at the Egyptian resort en route to Paris via Cairo. After taking off, the aircraft should have climbed and initiated a left turn to follow the air corridor to Cairo designated by the Sharm el-Sheikh VOR station. The captain appeared surprised when the autopilot was engaged, which he immediately switched off again. The copilot warned the captain that the bank angle was increasing. At a bank angle of 40 degrees to the right, the captain said "OK come out".

The ailerons were briefly returned to neutral before being commanded to increase the bank to the right, likely by the captain in a state of surprise. The aircraft reached an altitude of 5,460 feet (1,660 m) with a 50-degree bank when the copilot exclaimed "Overbank" repeatedly when the bank angle kept increasing. The bank angle was 111 degrees right, while the pitch attitude was 43 degrees nose down at an altitude of 3,470 feet (1,060 m).

The observer on the flight deck, also a pilot, but a trainee on this 737 variant, shouted "Retard power, retard power, retard power", to get the captain to pull the throttles back so that the aircraft stopped gaining speed. Both throttles were moved to idle; the captain appeared to regain control of the airplane. However the speed increased, activating the overspeed warning.

At 04:45, the aircraft impacted the water about 8.2 nautical miles (15.2 km) south of the airport. The impact occurred while the aircraft was in a 24 degree right bank, 24 degree nose-down attitude, travelling at 416 knots (770 km/h, 478 mph,) and pulling 3.9g (38 m/2²). All 148 passengers and crew were lost.

Most of the passengers aboard the flight were French tourists from the Paris metropolitan area. A provisional passenger list, dated January 5 January 2004, stated that twelve entire French families had boarded the flight. 

Fatemeh Ekhtesari

Fatemeh Ekhtesari (Farsi: فاطمه اختصاری )(born 1984 or 1985) is a poet from Iran. She is known for poems about Iranian women.

Fatemeh Ekhtesari was arrested with Mehdi Mousavi in 2013. They were put in solitary confinement and interrogated. In January 2015, they were released on bail. Ekhtesari received a prison sentence of 11½ years and 99 lashes.

Ekhtesari's writing was approved by the Ministry of Islamic Guidance. However, Ekhtesari said she shook hands with male participants at a poetry event in Sweden. This is illegal in Iran. Ekhtesari made the statement during interrogation, but during the trial, she denied the charges.

More than 100 poets signed a letter asking for a pardon. In 2016, Ekhtesari and Musavi escaped from Iran.

Asim Basu

Asim Basu (; 30 November 1935 – 1 February 2017) was an Indian theatre artist and director, painter and playwright. He was known for his set design work in Ollywood movies and designing Oriya book covers and movie posters. He was awarded at the 2012 Parampara Awards. He was born in Balasore district, Odisha.

Basu died from a lung infection on 1 February 2017 in Bhubaneswar, Odisha at the age of 81.

Lou Rowan

Louis Patrick "Lou" Rowan (2 May 1925 – 3 February 2017) was an Australian Test cricket match umpire. He umpired a total of 25 Test matches between 1963 and 1971. He also umpired the first One Day International match at the Melbourne Cricket Ground on 5 January 1971. He was also a police detective in Queensland. He was born in Murwillumbah, New South Wales.

Rowan died on 3 February 2017 on the Gold Coast, Queensland at the age of 91.


Hassan Joharchi

Hassan Joharchi (‎; 28 July 1968 – 3 February 2017) was an Iranian actor. He began his career in the 1980s. He was known for roles in "Oo yek freshteh bood" (2005), "Shoghe parvaz" (2012) and "Ensanha" (2012). He was born in Tehran. He was married with two children.

Joharchi died from a cardiac arrest due to liver disease on 3 February 2017 in Tehran. He was 48.

Elliot Sperling

Elliot Sperling (January 4, 1951 – January 29, 2017) was an American historian and academic. He was one of the world's leading historians of Tibet and Tibetan-Chinese relations. He was also a well known human rights activist. He spent almost thirty years at Indiana University's Department of Central Eurasian Studies. He was born in New York City.

On February 2, 2017, it was announced that Sperling died in late January at the age of 66.

Kneževo, Bosnia and Herzegovina

Kneževo, previously called Skender Vakuf, is a small town in Central Bosnia, Bosnia and Herzegovina.

Kneževo is situated between the rivers Ugar, Vrbas and Vrbanja and surrounded by the mountain masiff of Čemernica, Ranča in the west, Vlašić in the south and Ježica in the north-east. The municipality has an official altitude of , but really ranges from . Kneževo is southeast of Banja Luka by the M56 motorway.
The mountainous region in the south is forested and impracticable; its limestone mountains reach a height of .

In Imljani and Javorani, Roman basilica have been found, as well as the Roman road from Servitium (Banja Luka) to Levsaba (Travnik) in the vicinity were also found. Tombstones of the Stećak type date back to the 14th and 15th centuries, when the area was part of the Kingdom of Bosnia. In 1463 the town became part of the Ottoman Empire and Islam was to become the dominant religion of the region. The Old Mosque was significant and one of the first in the region. It was destroyed, along with the New Mosque, in 1992 during the Bosnian War.

In the Korićani Cliffs massacre of 21 August 1992, some 200 Bosniaks and Croats detainees were massacred by the Bosnian Serbs Police and Army forces (in deep cliff in the canyon of Ilomska) river.
After the Bosnian War, part of the municipality was split off to form the Dobretići municipality of the Federation of Bosnia and Herzegovina entity.

According to the results of the 2013 population census in Bosnia and Herzegovina, there were 3.958 inhabitants in Skender Vakuf town, and 10.428 inhabitants in the Skender Vakuf Municipality.



Čemernica (Bosnia and Herzegovina)

Čemernica (altitude ) is a mountain in Central Bosnia, in Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is surrounded by the river Vrbas, and its confluences of the Ugar and Vrbanja rivers. It is south of Banja Luka. It is in the transitional areas which connects the municipalities of Mrkonjić Grad, Skender Vakuf and Banja Luka. At Čemernica's foothills there are the cities of Kotor Varoš (northeast) and Skender Vakuf (east). There is also the village of Bočac (west), including the hydroelectric power plant reservoir of "Bočac".



Zabrđe, Kotor Varoš

Zabrđe is a populated place in the Kotor Varoš municipality of Central Bosnia, Bosnia and Herzegovina. According to the 2013 census, 611 people live there.


Grabovica, Kotor Varoš

Grabovica is a settlement on the Vrbanja river in central Bosnia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kotor Varoš municipality. The new village is on the mouth of the Grabovička rijeka. The old village is about upstream of the Vrbanja's tributary. Grabovica is at an altitude of about . It is from Banja Luka. Grabovica is about from Kotor Varoš. It is also about from Šiprage. 

During the War in Bosnia, in Grabovica's Elementary school about 200 Bosniaks "disappeared" from the Večići village and its surrounding settlements. Their mass grave has not been discovered.


Tunceli

Tunceli is a district in Turkey. It is the capital of Tunceli Province. In 2012, about 31,000 people were living there.

Lufengosaurus

Lufengosaurus is a genus of early sauropod dinosaur from the Lower Jurassic of China. It lived in the earliest Lower Jurassic in what is now southwestern China.

Lufengosaurus was an omnivore. The largest "Lufengosaurus" skeleton is long, high and wide. It weighted about . It could probably walk upright based on its powerful rear legs.

It was the first complete dinosaur skeleton mounted in China, and first time a dinosaur was depicted on a stamp.


Fusome

Fusome is a term from microbiology that describes a way different cells communicate with each other. Fusomes are simple openings, or pores, in the walls of certain types of cells. These allow certain chemical compounds to pass through.


Cartago Province

Cartago is a province of Costa Rica. It is in the central part of the country. The provincial capital is the city of Cartago.

The Cartago province is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) and is bordered on the east and north by the Limón province and on the south and west by the San José province.

Cartago is the second smallest province of Costa Rica, only the Heredia province is smaller. It has an area of .

There are two mountain ranges in the province: the Cordillera Central ("Central mountain range"), also known as Volcanic Central mountain range, and the Talamanca mountain range.

There are several volcanoes in the province; among them are the Irazú, high, and the Turrialba, high.

Some rivers in the province are Reventado, Reventazón, Palomo, Grande de Orosi, Macho, Tiribí, Chirripó, Tuis and Pejibaye.

A person from the province is known as "cartaginés" (woman: "cartaginesa").

The Cartago province had a population, in 2011, of 490,903 for a population density of inhabitants/km. The canton of Cartago, with 147,898 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Cartago

The Cartago province is divided in 8 cantons, which are divided into 47 Districts.

An important economic activity in the province is farming. Important crops in the province are potato, coffee, sugarcane, Macadamia nut, pejibaye and ornamental plants.

Cartago has attracted many export-orientated manufacturing companies, especially within the industrial zone, the largest in the country.

There are eight dams in the province to produce hydroelectricity.

Robert Dahlqvist

Jens Robert Dahlqvist (16 April 1976 – 3 February 2017), nicknamed "Strängen" and "Strings", was a Swedish guitarist and singer. He was best known as a member of the rock bands The Hellacopters, Thunder Express and Dundertåget. He was born in Uddevalla, Västra Götaland County.

Dahlqvist died on 3 February 2017 at the age of 40.

Rob Stewart (filmmaker)

Rob Stewart (December 28, 1979 – January 31, 2017} was a Canadian photographer and filmmaker. He was best known for writing, directing and narrating the documentary "Sharkwater" (2006). He was born in Toronto, Ontario.

Stewart went missing diving at Alligator Reef off the coast of Florida, United States on January 31, 2017. His dead body was found on February 3. He was 37.

Sang Chul Lee

Sang Chul Lee (February 29, 1924 – January 28, 2017) was a Canadian Christian minister. He served as 32nd Moderator of the United Church of Canada from 1988 to 1990. He was born in Siberia, the son of Korean parents. He was married and had three daughters.

Lee died on January 28, 2017 in Newmarket, Ontario at the age of 92.

Mario R. Ramil

Mario R. Ramil (June 21, 1946 – January 30, 2017) was an American judge. He served as an Associate Justice of the Hawaii State Supreme Court from 1993 to 2002. He was the second Filipino American to serve the position.

Ramil was born in Novaliches, Quezon City, Philippines. He moved to the San Francisco Bay Area when he was ten years old. He moved to Hawaii in 1975. He was married and had two children.

Ramil died from cancer on January 30, 2017 at the age of 70.

Eiður Svanberg Guðnason

Eiður Svanberg Guðnason (7 November 1939 – 30 January 2017) was an Icelandic politician and diplomat. He served as Ambassador of Iceland to Australia from 28 November 2003 until 22 February 2007. He was born in Reykjavík.

Eiður died on 30 January 2017 in Garðabær at the age of 77.

Gordon Aikman

Gordon Lewis Aikman (2 April 1985 – 3 February 2017) was a British political researcher and campaigner. He was a Director of Research for the Better Together campaign that took place during the Scottish independence referendum in 2014. During that campaign, he was diagnosed with motor neurone disease. He later went on to campaign to raise awareness of the disease.

Aikman was born in Kirkcaldy, Fife. He was married to Joe Pike.

Aikman died from motor neurone disease on 3 February 2017 at the age of 31.

Georgi Taratorkin

Georgi Georgievich Taratorkin (; 11 January 1945 – 4 February 2017) was a Russian actor. He appeared on stage and on screen. He appeared in 25 movies from 1967 until his death. He was known for roles in "Sofiya Perovskaya" (1967), "Crime and Punishment" (1970), "A Very English Murder" (1974), "Little Tragedies" (1987) and "Dyuba-Dyuba" (1992). He was born in Leningrad, Russian SFSR, USSR.

Taratorkin died after a long illness on 4 February 2017 in Moscow at the age 72.

Yoshiro Hayashi (politician)

Hayashi was born in Shimonoseki, Yamaguchi Prefecture. He studied at the University of Tokyo. He had a son and a daughter. His son, Yoshimasa, was also a politician.

Hayashi died from multiple organ failure on 3 February 2017 at the age of 89.

Aito Mäkinen

Aito Mäkinen (4 January 1927 – 30 January 2017) was a Finnish movie director, screenwriter and movie producer. He directed more than 45 movies between 1963 and 1999. His 1964 movie, "Onnelliset leikit", appeared at the 4th Moscow International Film Festival. He was born in Turku.

Turku died on 30 January 2017 in Helsinki at the age of 90.

Marquesas Islands

The Marquesas Islands are a group of islands in the pacific ocean. They are a part of French Polynesia. The islands are located south of the Equator, about 1.600 km northeast of Tahiti. The total land area is 1274 km². In 2012, 9264 people lived on the Marquesas Islands. 

The Marquesas consist of fourteen bigger islands and a number of smaller ones. They are commonly split into two groups: A northern one with the main islands Nuku Hiva, Ua Pou and Ua Huka, and a southern one, made of Hiva Oa, Tahuata and Fatu Hiva. 

The islands are of volcanic origin; there are high mountains and deep valleys on many islands. The climate is hot, with an average temperature of 28 degrees centigrade, and a lot of rainfall. Tropical rainforest grows on many islands, 

Cerium(IV) oxide

Cerium(IV) oxide is an oxide of the rare earth metal cerium. Its formula is CeO. It is white or light yellow in color. It is an important commercial product. It is used as an intermediate in the purification of the element from the ores. It reacts with carbon monoxide at high temperature to get cerium(III) oxide.

Cerium(IV) oxide can be made by the oxidation of cerium(III) oxide. Also, it can be made by heating cerium(IV) hydroxide.

It can be used as an oxidizing agent. It can be used in oxidation of natural gas.

It glows at high temperature. This allows it to be used in gas mantles to replace harmful thorium(IV) oxide.


Jaguarundi

The jaguarundi ("Puma yagouaroundi") is a small wild cat native to Central and South America. It is a smaller relative of the better-known cougar, and has many local names.

The cat is still widespread throughout the Amazon Basin, and is listed as least concern on the IUCN Red List since 2002. It is sometimes found in Mexico and southern Texas, and as far south as northern Argentina and these cats have been introduced to the state of Florida and state of Alabama in 1980's.

Jaguarundis are mostly daytime animals. They are comfortable in trees, but hunt on the ground.

According to a 2006 genomic study of Felidae, an ancestor of today's "Leopardus", "Lynx", "Puma", "Prionailurus", and "Felis" lines migrated across the Bering land bridge into the Americas about 8.0 to 8.5 million years ago. 

West Kalimantan

West Kalimantan () is a province of Indonesia. It is one of five Indonesian provinces in Kalimantan, the Indonesian part of the island of Borneo. Its capital city is Pontianak. The province has an area of with a recorded 2010 census population of 4,395,983. The latest official population estimate (as of January 2014) is 4,546,439.


Jacques I, Prince of Monaco

Jacques Goÿon, Count of Matignon ("Jacques François Léonor"; 21 November 1689 – 23 April 1751) was Count of Thorigny and Matignon. He was also the Prince of Monaco as Jacques I after his marriage to Princess Louis Hippolyte of Monaco. He also built the Hôtel Matignon.

Jacques was born in Normandy. His father was the Count of Matignon. Jacques became the Count of Matignon in 1675 when his father died. Jacques married Princess Louise Hippolyte Grimaldi of Monaco.

The children of the couple were technically given the surname of "Goyon" after their father however they were sometimes also known under the surname of Grimaldi too. 


Jacques was baptised with the names "Jacques François Léonor". Using the name Jacques, his surname was Goyon. His title was "Comte de Matignon". This is French for "Count of Matignon". Therefore the mixture of Goyon and Matignon is unnecessary, and incorrect. 

Starboy (album)

Starboy is the fifth studio album by Canadian alternative R&B singer-songwriter The Weeknd. It was released on November 25, 2016. It entered the US "Billboard" 200 album chart at number one. "Starboy" had the third-best first-week sales of 2016 in the US, selling over 348,000 album-equivalent copies in its first week.

Three singles have been released from the album so far: "Starboy", featuring French electronic duo Daft Punk, which reached number one in the US and Canada; "I Feel It Coming", which also features Daft Punk; and "Party Monster".

MVG Class B

The MVG Class B is a type of train used on the Munich U-Bahn. They are used on every line.

The MVG Class B began service in 1981.

There are 63 trains with two cars each. Five trains have been withdrawn.


We've Only Just Begun

"We've Only Just Begun" is a pop ballad by The Carpenters. 

The song is often used for a wedding song. It was first played in a wedding-themed commercial in the winter of 1970. It was released in September, 1970. It had Karen Carpenter's lead vocals and overdubbed harmonies by her and his brother Richard Carpenter. "We've Only Just Begun" peaked at #1 on the Cash Box singles chart. It also hit #2 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song helped the Carpenters win two Grammy Awards including Best New Artist. They also won a Grammy for Grammy Award for Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocals.


Nickelodeon Animation Studio

Nickelodeon Animation Studio is an American animation studio owned by Paramount Global. It has created many television programs for Nickelodeon, such as "SpongeBob SquarePants (1999-present)", "The Fairly OddParents (2001-2017)", "Rugrats (1991-2004)" and ", (2005-2008)", among others.


MVG Class A

The MVG Class A is a type of train used on the Munich U-Bahn. They are the oldest trains on the Munich U-Bahn.

The MVG Class A began service in 1971. They are used on every line.

There are 194 trains with two cars each. 18 trains have been withdrawn.


Heredia Province

Heredia is a province of Costa Rica. It is in the north-central part of the country. The provincial capital is the city of Heredia, in the Central Valley near the city of San José, Costa Rica, the national capital.

The Heredia province is a landlocked province (it does not border the ocean) and is bordered on the east by the Limón province, on the south by the San José province, on the west by the Alajuela province and to the north by Nicaragua

Heredia is the smallest province of Costa Rica. It has an area of .

The northern part of the province is formed by plains but the southern part is in the Central Valley and the foothills of the Cordillera Central ("Central mountain range"), also known as Volcanic Central mountain range.

The highest mountain in the province is the Barva volcano, high..

The longest river in the province is the Sarapiquí river, long. Other rivers in the province are: Virilla, Chirripó, Río Sucio, Sardinal, Peje y San Juan.

A person from the province is known as "herediano" (woman: "herediana").

The Heredia province had a population, in 2011, of 433,677 for a population density of inhabitants/km. The canton of Heredia, with 123,616 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Heredia

The Heredia province is divided in 10 cantons, which are divided into 43 Districts.

An important economic activity in the province is farming. Important crops in the province are coffee, strawberry, pineapple, plantain, among others.

Desmosome

A desmosome is a cell structure for cell-to-cell adhesion. They are localized spot-like adhesions on the outer sides of plasma membranes.

Desmosomes help to keep cells together in a sheet. They are found in epithelial tissue, like multilayer squamous epithelium. The intercellular space is relatively wide up to about 30 nm. 


Cell junction

Cell junctions join cells in some biological tissues.

They have long protein chains, The proteins keep connections between neighbouring cells or between a cell and other structures. They also control substance transport outside cell surfaces.
Vertebrates have three main types of cell junction:



Basil Hetzel

Basil Stuart Hetzel, (13 June 1922 – 4 February 2017) was an Australian medical researcher. He was best known for his work in the fight against iodine deficiency. The disease is a major cause of goitre and cretinism around the world. He studied and worked at the University of Adelaide.

Hetzel was born in Adelaide, South Australia. He and his first wife, Mary Helen Eyles, had five children. She died in 1980 from cancer. He later married Anne Fisher in 1983.

Hetzel died on 4 February 2017 at the age of 94.

Björn Granath

Björn Gösta Tryggve Granath (5 April 1946 – 5 February 2017) was a Swedish actor. He was born in Gothenburg. He began his career in the 1960s. He appeared in over fifty movies between 1968 and 2017.

Granath died after a short illness on 5 February 2017 in Stockholm at the age of 70.


Sonny Geraci

Sonny Geraci (November 22, 1947 – February 5, 2017) was an American musician and singer. He was best known as lead singer of bands The Outsiders and Climax. He was also known as Peter Emmett during the 1980s. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio.

Geraci died on February 5, 2017 at the age of 69.


Miltos Papapostolou

Miltiadis "Miltos" Papapostolou () (September 9, 1935 – February 2, 2017) was a Greek football player and manager. 

He managed Egaleo, AEK Athens, Greece and Olympiacos. His career in management began in 1972. He retired in 1989. He was born in Domokos, Greece.

Papapostolou died on February 2, 2017 in Athens, Greece, aged 81.

Dritëro Agolli

Dritëro Agolli (13 October 1931 – 3 February 2017) was an Albanian poet, writer, and politician. He was the former president of the defunct Albanian League of Writers and Artists.

Agolli was born in Devoll, Albania. He studied in Leningrad in the Soviet Union.

Agolli wrote primarily poetry, but also short stories, essays, plays, and novels. He was head of the Albanian League of Writers and Artists from the purge of Fadil Paçrami and Todi Lubonja at the Fourth Plenary Session of the Albanian Party of Labour from 1973 until 1992.

Agolli died on 3 February 2017 in Tirana, Albania from lung disease, aged 85.


Luis Gómez-Montejano

Luis Gómez-Montejano (24 August 1922 – 5 February 2017) was a Spanish football executive. He was the President of Real Madrid from 26 April to 3 July 2006. He was born in Madrid.

Gómez-Montejano died on 5 February 2017 at the age of 94.

Shumon Miura

Shumon Miura (12 January 1926 – 3 February 2017) was a Japanese novelist.

Miura was born in Tokyo City. He attended the University of Tokyo. 

In 1951, Miura published his first book. He then married fellow Third Generation writer Ayako Sono in 1953. With her, he wrote many books about Catholicism and religion. Miura began teaching at Nihon University in 1967, the same year he was awarded the Shinchosha Prize. 

From 1985 to 1986, he was commissioner of the Cultural Affairs Agency. In 1999, the Japanese government designated Miura a Person of Cultural Merit. In 2004, Miura was appointed to lead the Japan Art Academy. He stepped down in 2014.

Miura died of pneumonia on 3 February 2017, aged 91, at a hospital in Tokyo.

Benny Perrin

Jesse Bennett "Benny" Perrin (October 20, 1959 – February 3, 2017) was a professional American football safety. He played four seasons for the St. Louis Cardinals in the National Football League from 1982 through 1985. He was born in Orange County, California.

Perrin played for the legendary University of Alabama football coach Bear Bryant from 1978 through 1981. He won the NCAA National Championships in 1978 and 1979.

Perrin committed suicide at the age of 57 on February 3, 2017 in Decatur, Alabama.

Lars-Erik Berenett

Lars-Erik Berenett (23 December 1942 – 1 February 2017) was a Swedish actor. He was well known for his title role in the movies about Roland Hassel and for his role as Harald Bovallius in the soap opera "Skilda världar". Also, he is best known for his leading role in the series "Jordskott". 

From 1971 to 1976, he was married to Evabritt Strandberg, with whom he had a son, Matti Berenett. Later he married Maria Kulle.

Berenett died in Stockholm, Sweden on 1 February 2017, aged 74.

Marc Spitz

Marc Spitz (October 2, 1969 – February 4, 2017) was an American music journalist, author and playwright. 

Spitz's writings on rock and roll and popular culture appeared in "Spin" (where he was a Senior Writer) as well as "The New York Times", "Maxim", "Blender", "Harp", "Nylon" and the "New York Post". He was a contributing music writer for "Vanity Fair".

Spitz died on February 4, 2017 in Manhattan, New York, at the age of 47.

Amteka

Amteka is a village in the Chirang district in the state of Assam in India. The village covers an area of . It has a population of 5,646.

Puntarenas Province

Puntarenas is a province of Costa Rica. It is in the western part of the country, covering most the Pacific Ocean coast of Costa Rica. The provincial capital is the city of Puntarenas.

The Puntarenas province borders with the Alajuela, San José and Limón provinces to the north, with Panama to the east; with the Pacific Ocean to the south, and with the Pacific Ocean and the Guanacaste to the west.

Puntarenas is in the western part of the country, covering most of Costa Rica's Pacific Ocean coast, and is the largest province of Costa Rica. It is the province with more islands: Chira, Bejuco, Caballo, Venado, Cedros, Cuchillos, Negritos, San Lucas, Herradura, Violín, Isla del Caño and the Coco Island. The province has an area of .

The highest mountain in the province is the "Cerro Dúrika" on the border with the Limón province; it is high ().

Some of the rivers that flow through the province are Ario, Lagarto, Barranca, Grande de Tárcoles, Grande de Térraba, General, Coto Brus, Naranjo, Barú, Parrita, Savegre, Aranjuez and Coto.

A person from the province is known as "puntarenense" (men and women).

The Puntarenas province had a population, in 2011, of 410,929 for a population density of inhabitants/km. The canton of Puntarenas, with 115,019 inhabitants, is the canton with more inhabitants.
Evolution of the population in Puntarenas

The Puntarenas province is divided in 11 cantons, which are divided into 60 Districts.

Important economic activities in the province are farming and fishing.

Electric locomotive

An electric locomotive runs on electricity as the name suggests. Electric locomotives cost the least to buy and operate. However, the railway electrification system is very expensive, so only tracks used by many trains per day are usually electrified. Thus, electrics are only the second next used type, behind diesel locomotives.

Electric locomotives get their power from three main sources: overhead lines, an on-board battery, or a third rail. 

There are many different types of electric locomotives. Battery-electric locomotives are powered by on-board batteries. They are used in situations where other types of engines could be dangerous. 

Sean Spicer

Sean Michael Spicer (born September 23, 1971) is an American political strategist. He was the 30th White House Press Secretary and Communications Director for President Trump until his resignation on July 21, 2017.

Spicer was communications director of the Republican National Committee from 2011 to 2017 and its chief strategist from 2015 to 2017. On December 22, 2016, Spicer was named as Trump's White House Press Secretary and two days later Spicer was also named as the White House Communications Director. He assumed both positions with Trump's inauguration on January 20, 2017.

On July 21, 2017, Spicer announced his intention to resign as White House Press Secretary, and formally left the White House on August 31, 2017.

Heckler &amp; Koch MSG90

The Heckler & Koch MSG90 is a semi-automatic military sniper rifle. It is based on the PSG-1 from Heckler & Koch. The MSG90 shoots 7.62×51mm NATO ammunition. MSG90 stands for "Militärisches Scharfschützengewehr". The 1990 part is the year was the sniper rifle was made.

The Heckler & Koch MSG90 was first introduced in 1987. It uses a delayed blowback design the same as many other H&K rifles. Based on the Heckler & Koch PSG1, it is designed for military and police use. It was designed to meet the military specifications of the US Army's M24 Sniper Weapon System. 

It has several improvements over the PSG1. The barrel is lighter and shorter. It is made using the cold hammer forging process. The stock is adjustable and of a different shape. The trigger is wider and has a trigger pull set from the factory. It does not have open sights but comes with a 10-power Telescopic sight.

Where the PSG1 did not stand up to rough handling on the battlefield, the MSG90 is designed just for that kind of service. The model MSG90A1 has a threaded barrel designed to accept a suppressor. The later MSG90A2 was a lighter and sturdier design.



Hans van der Hoek

Johannes Willem "Hans" van der Hoek (5 May 1933 – 4 February 2017) was a Dutch footballer. He was under contract at Feyenoord (1950-1960), SC Enschede (1960-1961), and ADO (1961-1962). He was born in Rotterdam, Netherlands.

van der Hoek died in Rotterdam, Netherlands on 4 February 2017, aged 83.


Edward Shames

Colonel Edward Shames (June 13, 1922 – December 3, 2021) was a United States Army enlisted man and officer. He later served in the U.S. Army Reserve. 

During World War II he was assigned to the 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment, 101st Airborne Division. Shames is the last surviving officer of Easy Company, 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment.

Shames died on December 3, 2021 in Norfolk, Virginia at the age of 99.


Edward Tipper

Private First Class Edward J. Tipper Jr. (August 3, 1921 – February 1, 2017) was an American military person. He was a former private of the Easy Company, 2nd Battalion, 506th Parachute Infantry Regiment in the 101st Airborne Division, United States Army during the Second World War. 

He was one of the 140 original Toccoa men of Easy Company. Tipper was portrayed in the HBO miniseries "Band of Brothers" by Bart Ruspoli. Tipper's life story was featured in the 2009 book "We Who Are Alive and Remain: Untold Stories from Band of Brothers".

Tipper was born in Detroit, Michigan. He signed up to the United States Army because of the Attack on Pearl Harbor. He studied at the University of Michigan and at Northern Colorado University. Tipper died on February 1, 2017 in Lakewood, Colorado, aged 95.


Gurudev Kalicharan Brahma Academy

Gurudev Kalicharan Brahma Academy (Bodo: गुरुदेब कालिचरण ब्रह्म एकाडेमि) is a private school in Chirang district of Assam state in India. 
It was started in 2009 by Amteka Primary Brahma Dharma Committee.
The primary section of school was founded in 2009 with the high school being established in 2014.

George E. Smith

George Elwood Smith (born May 10, 1930) is an American scientist and applied physicist. He is known for being the co-inventor of the charge-coupled device (CCD).

He was awarded a one-quarter share in the 2009 Nobel Prize in Physics for "the invention of an imaging semiconductor circuit—the CCD sensor, which has become an electronic eye in almost all areas of photography".


Rosa Taikon

Rosa Taikon (30 July 1926 – 1 June 2017) was a Swedish Romani silversmith and actor. Taikon was born in Kalderash, Sweden. She was the sister of Katarina Taikon.

Her silver jewelry has been exhibited in many galleries and museums such as the National Museum of Fine Arts and Röhsska Museum

Taikon was also a movie actress. She has appeared in "Marianne" (1953), "Motorkavaljerer" (1950), "Kyssen på kryssen" (1950) and "Smeder på luffen" (1949).

Taikon died on 1 June 2017 in Sweden at the age of 90.

Steve Lang

Steve Lang (March 24, 1949 – February 4, 2017) was a Canadian rock musician. He was the bass guitarist for the band April Wine from 1976 to 1984. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. He was the father of musician Erin Lang (born 1979).

Lang died on February 4, 2017 at the age of 67.

Carmen Contreras-Bozak

Carmen Contreras-Bozak (December 31, 1919 – January 30, 2017) was an American military technician. During World War II, she became the first Hispanic person to serve in the Women's Army Corps. She served from 1942 to 1945.

Contreras-Bozak was born in Cayey or Ponce, Puerto Rico. She later moved to New York City. She was married to Theodore John Bozak until his death in 1991. They had three children.

Contreras-Bozak died on January 30, 2017 in Land O' Lakes, Florida at the age of 97.

Crewe railway station

Crewe railway station is a railway station in the town of Crewe in Cheshire, England. It opened in 1837 and is one of the most significant train stations in the world. It has twelve platforms and a modern passenger entrance containing a bookshop and ticket office. It is a major junction on the West Coast Main Line and acts as a rail gateway for North West England. It is a Grade II listed building.

The station is managed by Avanti West Coast, who also provide the majority of trains that stop there. Northern Trains, East Midlands Railway, West Midlands Trains and Transport for Wales also provide regular trains from the station. CrossCountry provide one early morning train a day.

Crewe's location was chosen after Cheshire towns Winsford and Nantwich had rejected a proposal for the station to be built there. 

As a result of the station's significance, the town of Crewe is now famous for its railways and railway infrastructure. The town's football club, Crewe Alexandra, is nicknamed The Railwaymen.

Ichnogenus

An ichnogenus is a trace fossil. The names are a category of taxonomy for fossil traces whose origin is not exactly known. They are a part of taxonomy called ichnology.

Very common trace fossils are dinosaur trackways and fossil burrows of worm-like creatures in ancient sea floors.

José Gea Escolano

José Gea Escolano (14 June 1929 – 6 February 2017) was a Spanish Roman Catholic bishop. He was born in El Real de Gandia, Community of Valencia.

Gea Escolano became a priest in 1953. He served as the Bishop of Ibiza from 1976 to 1987. He was later the Bishop of Mondoñedo-Ferrol from 1987 until his retirement in 2005.

Gea Escolano died on 6 February 2017 in Valencia, at the age of 87.

Roger Walkowiak

Roger Walkowiak (2 March 1927 – 6 February 2017) was a French road bicycle racer. He was a professional rider from 1950 until 1960. He won the 1956 Tour de France. He was born in Montluçon, Allier.

Walkowiak died on 6 February 2017 in Vichy, Allier, at the age of 89.

Subgenus

A subgenus is a category in taxonomy which is not often used. In biological classification, it is a group above species, but below the genus.

Ritchie Yorke

Ritchie Yorke (12 January 1944 – 6 February 2017) was an Australian writer, broadcaster, historian and music journalist. He was born in Brisbane, Queensland. He worked for publications such as "Rolling Stone", "The Sunday Mail" and "Billboard". He was well known for his work in the United Kingdom and Canada. In 1969, he was at the Bed-In of John Lennon and Yoko Ono in Montreal, Quebec.

Yorke died from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on 6 February 2017 in Brisbane. He was 73.

Vanessa (butterfly)

Vanessa is a genus of brush-footed butterflies. It has an almost world-wide distribution.

It includes the famous red admiral species, and the painted ladies of the subgenus "Cynthia".

Klagenfurt

Klagenfurt am Wörthersee (; ; ), usually known as just Klagenfurt ( ) is a city in Austria. It is the capital of Carinthia. It is also a district of Carinthia. About 99,000 people lived there in 2016.

Wilhelm Eduard Weber

Wilhelm Eduard Weber (24 October 1804 – 23 June 1891) was a German physicist. He and Carl Friedrich Gauss invented the first electromagnetic telegraph.

Eisenstadt

Eisenstadt (Hungarian: "Kismarton", Austro-Bavarian: "Eisnstod", Croatian: "Željezno") is a city in Austria. It is the capital and a district of Burgenland. About 14,000 people are living there (2016).

It is near the Hungarian border.

Sankt Pölten

Sankt Pölten (; ), mostly abbreviated to the official name St. Pölten, is a city in Austria. It is a district of Lower Austria. Almost 58,000 people lived there (2023). It lies in the Mostviertel region. Since 1986, it has been the capital of Lower Austria. It is the biggest city of the Bundesland.

Tyrol (region)

"For other uses, see Tyrol."

Tyrol (German: "Tirol", Italian: "Tirolo", Ladin: "Tirol") is a (historical) region in the Alps. It is the very northern part of Italy and a western part of Austria. 

It borders to the Italian region of Lombardy, the Swiss canton of Graubünden and the Austrian state of Vorarlberg in the west, the German state of Bavaria in the north, the Austrian states of Salzburg and Carinthia in the east, and the Italian region of Veneto in the south.

The region of Tyrol is similar to the former County of Tyrol. This county was part of Austria-Hungary till 1919. After World War I it was divided between Austria (North Tyrol) and Italy (South Tyrol). Nowadays these expressions have different meanings (see below).

It is split up into:

A. Tyrol (state) (a state of Austria):

B. Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol (a region of Italy):

Since 1996 the region of Tyrol has been a Euroregion, called Tyrol-South Tyrol-Trentino Euroregion (German: "Europaregion Tirol-Südtirol-Trentino", Italian: "Euregio Tirolo-Alto Adige-Trentino").

The region of Tyrol is also divided into three languages. In East and North Tyrol German is spoken. South Tyrol is primarily German with a little Italian and Ladin, Trentino is primarily Italian with a little German and Ladin.

The region of Tyrol is a very mountainous area. It belongs to three ranges of the Eastern Alps. A great part of the Southern Limestone Alps (among them the Dolomite Alps) and also a southern part of the Central Eastern Alps cover the Italian part of Tyrol, whereas the middle of the Central Eastern Alps and a great part of the Northern Limestone Alps (among them the southern Allgäu Alps) cover the Austrian part of Tyrol.

Several well-known geographical locations lie in Tyrol. For example the Brenner Pass, a mountain pass on the border of Austria and Italy, Lake Garda, the biggest lake of Italy and partially in Tyrol, and various places, in the state of Tyrol: Innsbruck (its capital) and Lienz, and in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol: Trento (its capital), Bolzano / Bozen and Merano.


Iran Air Flight 655

Iran Air Flight 655 was an Iranian passenger flight from Tehran to Dubai. The aircraft was an Airbus A300 with 274 passengers and 16 crew members on-board. On July 3, 1988 the plane was shot down by the USS Vincennes in the Persian Gulf during the Iran–Iraq War. At the time the Vincennes was exchanging fire with small Iranian gunboats. During the skirmish, flight 655 took off from Bandar Abbas International Airport. The airport was used by both civilian and military flights.

The Vincennes mistook the civilian aircraft for an Iranian Air Force Grumman F-14 Tomcat fighter on an attack run. The Vincennes attempted to warn the aircraft several times but received no reply. However, the warnings were sent on a military frequency to a non-existent F-14 Tomcat. The Airbus crew did not have access to those channels and would not have heard the warnings. The Vincennes fired two missiles which both struck the fuselage of the plane. All 290 occupants on-board were killed.


Boy Asistio

Macario "Boy" Asistio Jr. (April 6, 1936 – February 6, 2017) was a Filipino politician. He served as the Mayor of Caloocan, a city in Metro Manila region of Philippines, from 1980 to 1986. He was reelected for the port in 1988 till 1995. Asistio unsuccessfully ran as mayor in the elections again in 2013 and 2016.

Asistio died on 6 February 2017 at the age of 80 at the Metro Antipolo Hospital and Medical Center in Antipolo, Philippines. He was in coma and admitted to the intensive care unit.

Hans Rosling

Hans Rosling (27 July 1948 – 7 February 2017) was a Swedish medical doctor, academic, statistician, and public speaker. 

He was the Professor of International Health at Karolinska Institutet and was the co-founder and chairman of the Gapminder Foundation. He helped develop the Trendalyzer software system. He rose to international fame after producing a TED Talk in which he promoted the use of data to explore development issues.

Rosling died on 7 February 2017 in Uppsala, Sweden from pancreatic cancer, aged 68.

Smail Hamdani

Smail Hamdani (11 March 1930 – 6/7 February 2017) was an Algerian politician. He was Prime Minister of Algeria from 15 December 1998 to 23 December 1999.

Hamdani became a member of the National Liberation Front (FLN). In 1962 when Algeria gained independence, he was named as chief of staff of the provisional government led by Abderrahmane Farès. Under the presidency of Ahmed Ben Bella, Hamdani was appointed ambassador to Belgium.

Hamdani died in his sleep either on the night of 6 February or on morning of 7 February 2017 from a heart attack, aged 86.

Svend Asmussen

Svend Asmussen (28 February 1916 – 7 February 2017) was a jazz violinist from Denmark. He was known as "The Fiddling Viking". He played and recorded with many of the greats of Jazz, including Duke Ellington, Benny Goodman and Stephane Grappelli. He played publicly until 2010 when he had a blood clot, his career having spanned eight decades.

Asmussen died on 7 February 2017, aged 100.

Tzvetan Todorov

Tzvetan Todorov (; ; March 1, 1939 – February 7, 2017) was a Bulgarian-French historian, philosopher, structuralist literary critic, sociologist and essayist. 

He was the author of many books and essays, which have had a significant influence in anthropology, sociology, semiotics, literary theory, thought history and culture theory.

Todorov died on February 7, 2017 in Paris, aged 77.


Richard Hatch

Richard Lawrence Hatch (May 21, 1945 – February 7, 2017) was an American actor, writer, and producer. He was best known for his role as Captain Apollo in the original "Battlestar Galactica" television series, and also as Tom Zarek in the 2003 remake of "Battlestar Galactica". 

Hatch was nominated for a Golden Globe Award for his role as Apollo. Early in his career, Hatch won an Obie Award for his role in the musical "PS Your Cat Is Dead".

Hatch was also known for his role as Philip Brent in "All My Children" and as Inspector Dan Robbins in "The Streets of San Francisco".

Hatch was born in Santa Monica, California. He worked in Chicago, Illinois during his early stage career. Hatch died on February 7, 2017 from pancreatic cancer under hospice care in Los Angeles, aged 71.


Sotsha Dlamini

Sotsha Ernest Dlamini (27 May 1940 – 7 February 2017) was a Swazi politician. He served as Prime Minister of Swaziland from 6 October 1986 to 12 July 1989. 
He was born in Mankayane. He became prime minister after being appointed by Dzeliwe of Swaziland in 1986. He replaced Bhekimpi Dlamini, who resigned in 1986. Dlamini served as prime minister when tensions of apartheid was growing.

Dlamini died on 7 February 2017 from complications of a fall at a hospital in Mbabane, Swaziland, aged 76.

Richard Lyon (U.S. Admiral)

Richard "Dick" Lyon (July 14, 1923 – February 3, 2017) was an American politician and retired United States Navy admiral. He served as Mayor of Oceanside, California from 1992 through 2000. Lyon was the first admiral of Special Warfare ("SEAL").

Lyon was born in Pasadena, California. He was selected a member of the United States Olympic swim team for the 1940 Summer Olympics in Tokyo, but the 1940 games were canceled due to the outbreak of World War II. Lyon graduated from Yale University in 1944.

Lyon died on February 3, 2017 in Oceanside, California, aged 93.

Steve Sumner

Steven Paul Sumner (2 April 1955 – 8 February 2017) was an England-born New Zealand football player. He was born in Blackpool, Lancashire. Sumner was captain of the New Zealand national team during the country's first successful campaign to qualify for the World Cup in 1982.

In 1991 he was inducted into the New Zealand Soccer Media Association Hall of Fame and was then awarded FIFA's top award, the FIFA Order of Merit, before the opening of the 2010 FIFA World Cup, along with Johan Cruyff and former South African president Thabo Mbeki.

Sumner died on 8 February 2017 in Auckland, New Zealand from prostate cancer, aged 61.


Christchurch United

Manurewa

Gisborne City


Mark Rylance

Sir David Mark Rylance Waters (born 18 January 1960) is an English actor, theatre director and playwright. He was the first artistic director of Shakespeare's Globe in London, from 1995 to 2005. 

His movie appearances include "Prospero's Books" (1991), "Angels and Insects" (1995), "Institute Benjamenta" (1996), and "Intimacy" (2001). Rylance won the Academy Award and the BAFTA Award for Best Supporting Actor for his portrayal of Rudolf Abel in "Bridge of Spies" (2015). He played the title role in Steven Spielberg's "The BFG" (2016).

In 2016, he was named in the "Time" 100 list of the most influential people in the world.


Guillermo Lasso

Guillermo Alberto Santiago Lasso Mendoza (born 16 November 1955) is an Ecuadorian businessman and politician. Lasso was the 47th President of Ecuador from 24 May 2021 until 23 November 2023. He was the presidential candidate for the 2013, 2017 and 2021 elections for the party Creating Opportunities.

In 2013, he came in second place with 22.68% of votes. President Rafael Correa won with 57.17% of votes. In early 2017, he said that he would be running for president again. He would be against his former vice president Lenín Moreno and other candidates. In February 2017, both Lasso and Moreno made it to a run-off election on April 2, 2017. He lost the election with 49% of the vote.

In 2020, Lasso announced his candidacy for the presidency again in the 2021 election. He came in second place, so he moved to the second round of the election in February 2021, against Andrés Arauz. He won the election in the April 2021 run-off.

During his presidency, he helped create COVID-19 vaccination programs and economic relief forms. During his presidency there was also an increase of food and fuel prices. His economic policies caused a series of protests across the country. His administration has been criticized for the government's response to indigenous protests. Lasso's approval ratings have been very low during his presidency.

Lasso was born in Guayaquil, Ecuador's largest city. His parents were Enrique Lasso and Nora Mendoza. He studied Economics and graduated from the San José La Salle High School. In 1980, he married María de Lourdes Alcívar. They have five children.

In August 2022, Lasso announced that he was diagnosed with melanoma near his eye and he was going to have surgery in the United States. The surgery was successful, and he returned to Quito for more treatment.

Lasso was the largest shareholder in Banco de Guayaquil. He was executive president for more than 20 years.

Lasso was Governor of the Guayas Province from 1998 through 1999. He was appointed by President Jamil Mahuad to be Superminister of Economy and Energy. He was in this role from August through September 1999. In 2003, President Lucio Gutiérrez hired Lasso to be an Ambassador for a few months

In the 2013 presidential election, Lasso ran against then-President Rafael Correa. He lost the general election in a landslide.

In early 2017, Lasso announced his second presidential campaign to replace President Correa for Creating Opportunities in the 2017 presidential elections. His campaign's theme was to create 1 million more jobs in Ecuador.

Lasso lost the election after winning 49% of the vote to Moreno's 51% of the vote.

In 2020, Lasso announced his third presidential campaign to replace his 2017 rival Lenin Moreno. He was at first seen as the front-runner but Rafael Correa-supporting candidate Andrés Arauz became his rival. In February 2021, Arauz won the majority of votes to go to the second round. Lasso came in second place beating Yaku Pérez Guartambel. Lasso then beat Arauz in the run-off in April.

Lasso became Ecuador's 47th president on 24 May 2021. He became the country's first center-right president since Sixto Durán Ballén's presidency (1992–1996). His main focus for his first 100 days was to increase the country's vaccination rate during the COVID-19 pandemic in the country.

In June 2022, a series of protests against Lasso's economic policies and raising fuel prices began, mainly led by indigenous Ecuadorians and students.

In May 2023, the National Assembly officially began a second impeachment process against Lasso. On 17 May 2023, Lasso dissolved the National Assembly by forcing "muerte cruzada". This is the first time an Ecuadorian president used this measure. Two days later, Lasso said he would not run for president in the 2023 election. On 15 October 2023, former National Assembly member and businessman Daniel Noboa was elected to replace Lasso.


Neil Gehrels

Cornelis A. "Neil" Gehrels (October 3, 1952 – February 6, 2017) was an American astronomer. He worked in the field of Gamma ray astronomy. He was the Chief of the Astroparticle Physics Laboratory at NASA's Goddard Space Flight Center from 1995 until his death.

Gehrels was born in Lake Geneva, Wisconsin. He grew up in Tucson, Arizona. His father, Tom (1925–2011), was also an astronomer.

Gehrels died on February 6, 2017 at the age of 64.

Timothy West

Timothy Lancaster West CBE (born 20 October 1934) is an English movie, stage and television actor. He is known for his roles as Bradley Hardacre in "Brass", as King Francis in "", as Commissioner Berthier in "The Day of the Jackal" and as Stan Carter in "EastEnders".


Arthur Lehning

Paul Arthur Müller-Lehning (23 October 1899 – 1 January 2000) was a Dutch writer, historian and anarchist. He was born in Utrecht. He was known for French translations of Mikhail Bakunin works. In 1992, he won the Gouden Ganzenveer, and in 1999, the P. C. Hooft Award.

Lehning died on 1 January 2000 in Lys-Saint-Georges, Indre, France. He was 100.

Paul Di'Anno

Paul Andrews (born 17 May 1958), better known by his stage name Paul Di'Anno, is a British singer. He is best known as the first lead singer of heavy metal band Iron Maiden from 1977 to 1981.

Di'Anno was born in Chingford, London. In 2011, he was jailed for fraud.


Ólöf Nordal

Ólöf Nordal (3 December 1966 – 8 February 2017) was an Icelandic politician. She was a member of the Independence Party. She served as the Minister of the Interior from 4 December 2014 to 11 January 2017.

Ólöf was born in Reykjavík. She was married to Tómas Már Sigurðsson and had four children.

Ólöf died from pancreatic cancer on 8 February 2017 in Reykjavík. She was 50.

Tara Palmer-Tomkinson

Tara Palmer-Tomkinson (23 December 1971 – 8 February 2017) also known as T P-T, was an English socialite, "it girl", television presenter, model and charity patron.

Palmer-Timkinson was born in Hampshire. She studied at Sherborne School for Girls in Dorset. After graduating, she moved to London where she worked at a bank.

In 2002, Palmer-Tomkinson made an appearance on the British television series "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!", finishing as runner up. In November 2005, Palmer-Tomkinson presented her third behind the scenes series on ITV2 for the hit show "I'm a Celebrity... Get Me out of Here! Now".

Palmer-Tomkinson was a contestant on "Comic Relief Does Fame Academy" for the BBC.

Palmer-Tomkinson played the piano, as was demonstrated at events at the Queen Elizabeth Hall with the National Symphony Orchestra, at the Royal Albert Hall with Mozart, and at The Coliseum during a Leonard Bernstein Tribute.

Palmer-Tomkinson was also a writer. She wrote "The Naughty Girl's Guide To Life" (2007) , "Inheritance" (2010) and "Infidelity" (2012).

In January 2016, Palmer-Tomkinson was diagnosed with brain cancer.

On 8 February 2017, she was found dead at her home in London, aged 45. The cause was a perforated ulcer.


Alan Simpson (scriptwriter)

Alan Simpson, OBE (27 November 1929 – 8 February 2017) was an English scriptwriter. He was born in London. He was best known for the Galton and Simpson comedy writing partnership with Ray Galton. He wrote the BBC sitcom "Steptoe and Son" (1962–1974), "Hancock's Half Hour" (1954–1961) and the first two series of "Comedy Playhouse" (1961–1963).

Simpson was appointed an OBE in 2000 and he and Galton received a BAFTA Fellowship on 8 May 2016.

Simpson died on 8 February 2017 in London from lung disease, aged 87.

Ray Galton

Raymond Percy "Ray" Galton, OBE (17 July 1930 – 5 October 2018) was an English scriptwriter. 

Galton was best known for the Galton and Simpson comedy writing partnership with Alan Simpson. He, along with Simpson, wrote the BBC sitcom "Steptoe and Son" (1962–1974), "Hancock's Half Hour" (1954–1961) and "Comedy Playhouse" (1961–1975).

Galton died on 5 October 2018 at his Paddington, London home from dementia, aged 88.

Mikhail Tolstykh

Mikhail Sergeyevich Tolstykh (; July 19, 1980 – February 8, 2017), better known by his callsign Givi (Ги́ви), was a Ukrainian commander in the pro-Russian Somalia Battalion in the War in Donbas. He served as Lieutenant colonel.

On February 16, 2015, Tolstykh was included by the European Council in their sanctions list.

Tolstykh was killed on February 8, 2017 in Donetsk, Ukraine by a rocket launcher explosion, aged 36.

Antonín Přidal

Antonín Přidal (13 October 1935 – 7 February 2017) was a Czech translator and writer. He translated works from English, Spanish and French to Czech. He was also a journalist and university lecturer. He was born in Prostějov, Czechoslovakia. 

He worked at the Janáček Academy of Music and Performing Arts since 1991. In 1998, he received the Prize of Ferdinand Peroutka. His most notable works include "Všechny moje hlasy" (1967) and "Sudičky" (1968).

Přidal died on 7 February 2017 in Brno, Czech Republic from a stroke, aged 81.


Richard B. Wright

Richard B. Wright, CM, (March 4, 1937 – February 7, 2017) was a Canadian novelist. His break-through 2001 novel was "Clara Callan". He won three major literary awards in Canada for "Clara Callan": The Giller Prize, the Trillium Book Award, and the Governor General's Award.

Wright died on February 7, 2017 at a hospital in St. Catharines, Ontario from complications of a fall. He was 79 years old.


Vladimir Vladimirovich Kara-Murza

Vladimir Vladimirovich Kara-Murza (, born 7 September 1981) is a Russian politician, critic, activist and journalist.

Since 2012, he served as Senior Policy Advisor at the Institute of Modern Russia. He is an elected member of the Coordinating Council of the Russian Opposition. He serves on the federal council of the Republican Party of Russia – People's Freedom Party and the Solidarnost pro-democracy movement.

Kara-Murza is a coordinator of Open Russia, which promotes civil society and democracy in Russia.

On 2 February 2017, Kara-Murza was hospitalized for sudden multiple organ failure and was placed on life-support.

His father was television host and Putin critic Vladimir Kara-Murza Sr..

Arabesque (group)

Arabesque was a disco girl group. It was created in 1977 in Frankfurt, West Germany. When the trio formed in 1977, it had members: Karen Ann Tepperis, Mary Ann Nagel and Michaela Rose. They released a single called, "Hello Mr. Monkey". It became very successful in Asia, especially Japan and Korea.

Shortly after the release, Mary Ann Nagel decided to leave the group.Her spot was taken by Heike Rimbeau. In 1978, they released the successful album, "Friday Night". Karen Ann Tepperis had a son in 1978 and left the group. A former gymnast named Jasmin Vetter replaced her. Heike left the group in 1979 due to her pregnancy. A country singer named Elke Brückheimer replaced Heike for a few months. Finally in June 1979, Sandra Ann Lauer was accepted into the group. The trio had members Michaela, Jasmin and Sandra from 1979, until they split.

The first album they released with Sandra was "City Cats". In 1980, they released their most successful album, "Marigot Bay". Apart from it being popular in Asia, it was the first album that was successful in their native country. That same year they released "Midnight Dancer". In 1981, "In For A Penny, In For A Pound" was released. "Caballero" was released in 1982. Their last 3 albums had different musical genres than just disco. "Why No Reply", "Dance Dance Dance" and "Time To Say Goodbye" were not as successful as their previous albums. Two songs from their last album, "Ecstasy" and "Time to Say Goodbye" became very popular in the 1980s.

Arabesque split up in 1984 because Sandra wanted to sing by herself. Jasmin and Michaela formed their own group called "Rouge". It lasted until 1988.

Val Demings

Valdez Venita "Val" Demings (née Butler; March 12, 1957) is an American police officer and politician.

She was the member of the United States House of Representatives from between 2017 to 2023. She served as Chief of the Orlando Police Department, the first woman to hold the position. She was the Democratic nominee in both 2012 and 2016 to represent Florida's 10th congressional district in the United States House of Representatives, the latter of which Demings won.

In June 2020, Demings became one of the final four finalists for Joe Biden's running mate for the 2020 election.

In May 2021, Demings announced her plans to run for the United States Senate, challenging Republican incumbent Marco Rubio in the 2022 election. She won the Democratic nomination in the August 2022 primaries. She lost the election to Rubio in November 2022.


Ron Rifkin

Ron Rifkin (born Saul M. Rifkin; October 31, 1939) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles as Arvin Sloane on the spy drama "Alias", Saul Holden on the American family drama "Brothers & Sisters" and District Attorney Ellis Loew in Curtis Hanson's Oscar winning movie, "L.A. Confidential". 

In 1991, he won a Drama Desk Award. In 1998, he won a Tony Award.


Mohamud Muse Hersi

Mohamud Muse Hersi (, ‎; 1 July 1937 – 8 February 2017), nicknamed "Adde", was a Somali politician. He was the President of the Puntland region from 8 January 2005 to 8 January 2009. He was a military general until the 1970s.

Muse Hersi died on 8 February 2017 in the United Arab Emirates, aged 79.

Windsor Davies

Windsor Davies (28 August 1930 – 17 January 2019) was a British actor. He was best known for his roles as Battery Sergeant Major Williams in the sitcom "It Ain't Half Hot Mum" (1974–81). He was also known for his roles in "Never the Twain", "Doctor Who" and the "Carry On" movies. He retired from acting in 2004.
Davies was born in Canning Town, East London. He moved to Wales in 1939. He was married to Eluned Davies. She died in September 2018. They had five children. He lived in France. He died on 17 January 2019 at the age of 88.

Brendan Rodgers

Brendan Rodgers (born 26 January 1973) is a Northern Irish football manager and former player. He was the manager of Premier League club Leicester City. He managed Liverpool from 2012 to 2015, finishing second in the Premier League in 2014. He was sacked in October 2015. In 2016, he joined Scottish Premiership club Celtic. In his two-and-a-half seasons with Celtic, he won two domestic trebles. In 2019, he left Celtic to manage Leicester City. He has also managed Watford, Reading and Swansea City. In his playing days, he played for Ballymena United and Reading before retiring at the age of 20 due to injury.

Rodgers was born in Carnlough. His son, Anton (born 1993), is a footballer.


States of Austria

The Republic of Austria (German: "Republik Österreich") is a federal republic that is divided into nine states (German: "Bundesländer"):

Power Rangers (movie)

Power Rangers (also called Saban's Power Rangers) is an American superhero movie. It was directed by Dean Israelite. It was written by John Gatins, Kieran Mulroney, Michele Mulroney, Matt Sazama and Burk Sharpless. The movie is based on the Power Rangers media franchise. Actors in the movie are Dacre Montgomery, Naomi Scott, RJ Cyler, Becky G, Ludi Lin, Bill Hader, Bryan Cranston and Elizabeth Banks.

This was the first Power Ranger movie since 1997. The movie has many of the characters from the TV show "Mighty Morphin Power Rangers" but with new actors. The maker of the TV show, Haim Saban, helped to make the movie. The movie was released in the United States on March 24, 2017. A reboot of the film is also in development.

Five young people with attitude are put together to become a new version of a group of goodies called the Power Rangers. The Earth must be protected by them from Rita Repulsa, a powerful witch. Rita is attacking to get the Zeo Crystal. She has an army of stone monsters called Putties and a giant golden monster called Goldar.



Goldar and the Putty Patrol are in the movie too.

PR Mini Production Notes FINAL(saved copy)


Arrondissements of the Vaucluse department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Vaucluse department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture. Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Vaucluse are:

The changes in the Vaucluse department are:

Luxembourg (region)

The region of Luxembourg consists of the country of Luxembourg and the Belgian province of Luxembourg. It makes part of the Low Countries.

Till 1839 both parts were a unity.

Koila Moila

Koila Moila is a village in the Chirang district of Assam state in India.It is situated 31 km away from the district headquarter of Kajalgaon and 202 km from state capital Dispur.

Bijni and Bongaigaon Town are the nearest to Koila Moila.

Arrondissement of Apt

The arrondissement of Apt is an arrondissement of France, in the Vaucluse department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Apt.

When the Vaucluse department was created on 1793, the "arrondissement" of Apt was part of that original department. In 1926, the subprefecture of Apt was moved to Cavaillon but returned to Apt in 1933.

The "arrondissement" of Apt is in the most southern of the "arrondissements" of the Vaucluse department. It has the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department to the east, the Var department to the southeast (for a very short distance), the Bouches-du-Rhône department to the south and west, the Avignon "arrondissement" to the northwest and the Carpentras "arrondissement" to the north.

The "arrondissement" of Apt is the largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the one with fewest people living in it (128,448 inhabitants) and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Apt, only the Cheval-Blanc canton does not has all its "communes" in the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The communes of the arrondissement of Apt are:

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Lumberton High School

Lumberton High School is a high school located in Lumberton, North Carolina for grades 9-12 (freshman-senior). It is run by the Public Schools of Robeson County, as it is in Robeson County, North Carolina. It offers the following courses:

Convoy

A convoy is a group of vehicles, typically motor vehicles or ships, traveling together for mutual support and protection. Often, a convoy is organized with armed defensive support. Civilian convoys may be organized, for example when driving through remote areas. A convoy also allows an organized group to arrive together with their equipment. They can start working together immediately, for example at an emergency. A convoy on land is sometimes called a caravan.

Convoys at sea came into widespread use when warships were made as a different kind of ship. They endangered enemy merchant ships that were not protected by friendly warships.

Luther Strange

Luther "Big Luther" Johnson Strange III (born March 1, 1953) was the junior United States Senator from Alabama. He served as the 49th Attorney General of the U.S. state of Alabama from 2011 through 2017. Strange was a candidate for public office in both 2006 and 2010.

Luther was born in Birmingham, Alabama. He studied at Tulane University earning his BA and JD degrees.

In 2006, Strange ran for Lieutenant Governor of Alabama and defeated George Wallace, Jr. in the Republican primary. Strange then lost the general election to Democrat Jim Folsom, Jr.. In 2010, Strange defeated incumbent Attorney General Troy King in the Republican primary, before going on to win the general election on November 2, 2010, against Democrat James Anderson.

On December 6, 2016, Strange announced his candidacy for the seat held by Jeff Sessions after then-President-Elect Donald Trump had announced on November 18, 2016 that he would be nominating Sessions to the office of Attorney General of the United States. Strange was appointed as Senator on February 9, 2017, by Alabama governor Robert J. Bentley to fill out the seat after Sessions resigned to become Attorney General.

At tall, Strange is the tallest U.S. Senator in history.

Strange ran for a full term in the 2017 special election and advanced to the Republican primary runoff, where he lost to the former Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Alabama, Roy Moore.

Strange is married to Melissa Strange. They have two children. 

Dana Boente

Dana James Boente (, ; born February 7, 1954) is an American lawyer and politician. He was the Acting Attorney General of the United States from January 30, 2017 until February 9, 2017. He served as the United States Attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia from September 2013 to January 2018.

Rod J. Rosenstein

Rod J. Rosenstein (born January 13, 1965) is an American lawyer and politician of Jewish descent. He is the 37th United States Deputy Attorney General serving from April 26, 2017 through May 11, 2019. He was the United States Attorney for the United States District Court for the District of Maryland and a former nominee to the United States Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit.

Then President-Elect Donald Trump nominated Rosenstein to serve as United States Deputy Attorney General for the United States Department of Justice on January 13, 2017. He was confirmed by the Senate on April 25, 2017 by a vote of 94-6.

Rosenstein submitted his official resignation as Deputy Attorney General on April 29, 2019, taking effect on May 11, 2019.

Serge Baguet

Serge Baguet (18 August 1969 – 9 February 2017) was a Belgian professional road bicycle racer. He started his professional cycling career in 1991. He worked for Lotto for five years and one year for Vlaanderen 2002. He was born in Brakel.

Baguet was diagnosed with colon cancer in 2014. He died on 9 February 2017 in Sint-Lievens-Houtem, at the age of 47.

Brendan McGahon

Brendan McGahon (22 November 1936 – 8 February 2017) was an Irish politician. He was a Fine Gael politician. 

He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Louth constituency. He was called a 'colourful' figure and with a reputation as a social conservative. McGahon was first elected to Dáil Éireann at the November 1982 general election and retained his seat until retiring at the 2002 general election. He was known for being against gay rights.

Packy (elephant)

Packy (April 14, 1962 – February 9, 2017) was an Asian elephant at the Oregon Zoo in Portland, Oregon, United States. He was famous for having been the first elephant born in the Western Hemisphere in 44 years.

Packy was euthanized after suffering from tuberculosis at the Oregon Zoo on February 9, 2017, at the age of 54.

Arrondissement of Avignon

The arrondissement of Avignon is an arrondissement of France, in the Vaucluse department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Avignon.

When the Vaucluse department was created on 1793, the "arrondissement" of Avignon was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Avignon is in the northwest of the Vaucluse department. It includes the exclave of Valreás that is to the north of the department surrounded by the Drôme department.

It has the Carpentras "arrondissement" to the east, the Apt "arrondissement" to the southeast, the Bouches-du-Rhône department to the south, the Gard department to the west, the Ardèche department to the northwest and the Drôme department to the north.

The "arrondissement" of Avignon is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , but the one with more people living in it (296,303 inhabitants) and a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Avignon, the Cheval-Blanc, Le Pontet and Vaison-la-Romaine cantons do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The communes of the arrondissement of Avignon are:

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Carpentras

The arrondissement of Carpentras is an arrondissement of France, in the Vaucluse department, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur region. Its capital is the city of Carpentras.

When the Vaucluse department was created on 1793, the "arrondissement" of Carpentras was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Carpentras is in the northeast of the Vaucluse department. It has the Drôme department to the north and east, the Apt "arrondissement" to the south and the Avignon "arrondissement" to the southwest and west.

The "arrondissement" of Carpentras is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , and the second in population (129,623 inhabitants); it has a density of inhabitants/km².

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Carpentras, the Le Pontet and Vaison-la-Romaine cantons do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement". The following table shows the distribution of the "communes" in the cantons and "arrondissements":

The communes of the arrondissement of Carpentras are:

The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


John Cullum

John Cullum (born March 2, 1930) is an American actor and singer. 

Cullum was born in Knoxville, Tennessee. He studied at the University of Tennessee.

Cullum's career began in 1960 in a debut role in the musical "Camelot".

He has appeared in many stage musicals and dramas, including "On the Twentieth Century" (1978) and "Shenandoah" (1975), winning the Tony Awards for Best Leading Actor in a Musical for each. 

He played Holling Vincoeur on the television drama series "Northern Exposure" (6 seasons). It earned him an Emmy Award nomination as Best Supporting Actor in a Drama. He was featured in fifteen episodes of the NBC television series "ER" as Mark Greene's father. He was the farmer in the landmark television drama "The Day After". 

He has made multiple guest appearances on "Law & Order and " as attorney, now judge, Barry Moredock, and appeared as Big Mike in several episodes of "The Middle".

Recently, Cullum appeared in "Casa Valentina" (2014), "Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt" (2015) and in "Christine" (2016).

In 1975, he won a Drama Desk Award.

Cullum has been married to Emily Frankel since 1959. They have one son, JD Cullum (John David Cullum), who is also an actor.


John Salt (bishop)

John William Salt (30 October 1941 – 7 February 2017) was an English Anglican bishop. He was born in Stoke-on-Trent and became a deacon in 1966 and a priest in 1967. He was the Bishop of St Helena from 1999 to 2011. During his time as bishop, he lived on the island of Saint Helena, which is in the South Atlantic Ocean.

Salt returned to the United Kingdom after he retired. He died on 7 February 2017 in Walsingham, Norfolk, at the age of 75.

Sudan Liberation Movement/Army

The Sudan Liberation Movement or Sudan Liberation Army is one of the rebel groups active in the Darfur conflict. As of 2017, it is split into several smaller fractions.

John Whetton

John H. Whetton (born 6 September 1941) is a retired British middle-distance runner. He is best known for winning gold in the 1500 metres at the 1969 European Athletics Championships. He also reached the 1500 metre final in both the 1964 and 1968 Summer Olympics.

Whetton was born in Mansfield, Nottinghamshire.

Mario Fasino

Mario Fasino (26 July 1920 – 17 January 2017) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Christian Democracy party. He served as the President of the region of Sicily from 20 September 1969 until 22 December 1972. He was born in San Severo, Apulia.

Fasino died on 17 January 2017 in Palermo, Sicily, at the age of 96.

Ugo Crescenzi

Ugo Crescenzi (25 April 1930 – 9 January 2017) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Christian Democracy party. He served as the President of the region of Abruzzo twice—from 3 September 1970 until 23 March 1972 and 16 July 1973 until 31 May 1974. He was born in San Benedetto del Tronto, Marche.

Crescenzi died from kidney failure on 9 January 2017 in Chieti, Abruzzo, at the age of 86.

Malcolm Shabazz

Malcolm Shabazz (October 8, 1984 – May 9, 2013) was a grandson of Malcolm X. He was killed in Mexico City, Mexico on the 9th of May, 2013. He was murdered by an unknown person while on a trip for more rights for Mexican construction workers relocating to the USA. 

In 1997, when he was 12 years old, Shabazz set fire to the apartment of his grandmother, Betty Shabazz, causing her death. She suffered burns over 80 percent of her body. The police found Malcolm wandering the streets, barefoot and smelling of gasoline.

Obed Dlamini

Obed Mfanyana Dlamini (4 April 1937 – 18 January 2017) was a Swazi politician. He served as Prime Minister of Swaziland from 12 July 1989 to 25 October 1993. He was born in Mhlosheni.

Dlamini died from an illness on 18 January 2017 in Johannesburg, South Africa. He was 79.

Thomas Barlow (Kentucky)

Thomas Jefferson "Tom" Barlow III (August 7, 1940 – January 31, 2017) was an American politician. Born in Washington, D.C., he was a Democrat. He represented Kentucky in the United States House of Representatives from 1993 to 1995.

Barlow died on January 31, 2017 in Paducah, Kentucky, at the age of 76.

Lev Navrozov

Lev Navrozov (; 26 November 1928 – 22 January 2017) was a Russian writer, historian and polemicist. He was a leading translator of Russian texts into English under the Soviet regime. He moved to the United States in 1972. He later published a best-selling memoir, "The Education of Lev Navrozov". He became a Soviet dissident.

Navrozov born in Moscow. He was the father of poet Andrei Navrozov

Navrozov had Parkinson's disease. He died on 22 January 2017 in Brooklyn, New York, at the age of 88.

Utrecht University

Utrecht University (Dutch: "Universiteit Utrecht"), shortened to UU, is a public university in Utrecht, a city in the province of Utrecht, the Netherlands.

Utrecht University was established in 1636 (its predecessor in 1634).

It has about 32,000 students.

Its focus is on all sorts of sciences.

Erasmus University Rotterdam

Erasmus University Rotterdam (Dutch: "Erasmus Universiteit Rotterdam"), shortened to EUR, is a public university in Rotterdam, a city in the province of South Holland, the Netherlands.

Erasmus University Rotterdam was established in 1973 (its predecessor in 1913).

It has about 29,500 students.

Its focus is on medicine and social sciences.

Neural network

Neural network can be:


Maastricht University

Maastricht University (Dutch: "Universiteit Maastricht"), shortened to UM, is a public university in Maastricht, a city in the province of Limburg, the Netherlands.

Maastricht University was established in 1976.

It has about 21,000 students.

Its focus is on medicine, neuroscience and social sciences.

Tilburg University

Tilburg University (Dutch: "Universiteit van Tilburg", not used anymore), shortened to TiU, is a Roman Catholic public university in Tilburg, a city in the province of North Brabant, the Netherlands.

Tilburg University was established in 1986 (its predecessor in 1927).

It has about 19,000 students.

Its focus is on social sciences.


Deputy Prime Minister of the United Kingdom

The Deputy Prime Minister (or DPM) is, when appointed, the second highest ranking executive officer of the government of the United Kingdom. He or she would be the deputy chief of the Cabinet. 

Unlike other countries, the position of Deputy Prime Minister is not always needed or appointed. The Prime Minister chooses whether or not they want to have a deputy. 

The position was created in 1942: Clement Attlee was the first Deputy Prime Minister. The present holder of this position is Oliver Dowden from 21 April 2023. There have been times when the post has been very important. Its introduction in the Second World War is the most obvious case.


Tromelin Island

Tromelin Island is an island in the Indian Ocean. It is located off the shore of Madagascar and not far from Réunion.

The island is an overseas territory of France, but Mauritius claims that the island is theirs.

John M. Hayes

John Michael Hayes (6 September 1940 – 3 February 2017) ForMemRS was an American scientist. He was a professor emeritus at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Woods Hole, Massachusetts. He was born in Seattle, Washington.

Hayes died on 3 February 2017 from pulmonary fibrosis in Berkeley, California, aged 76.

Yuriy Poyarkov

Yuriy Mikhaylovich Poyarkov (, 10 February 1937 – 10 February 2017) was a Ukrainian volleyball player. He competed for the Soviet Union in the 1964 Summer Olympics, in the 1968 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Poyarkov died on his 80th birthday on 10 February 2017 in Kharkiv, Ukraine.

Raymond Smullyan

Raymond Merrill Smullyan (; May 25, 1919 – February 6, 2017) was an American mathematician, concert pianist, logician, Taoist philosopher, and magician.

Smullyan was born in Far Rockaway, New York. His first career was stage magic. He then earned a BSc from the University of Chicago in 1955 and his Ph.D. from Princeton University in 1959. He was one of many logicians to have studied under Alonzo Church.

Smullyan died on February 6, 2017 in Hudson, New York at the age of 97.

Tom Raworth

Thomas Moore Raworth (July 19, 1938 – February 8, 2017) known as Tom Raworth, was a British poet and visual artist. He published over forty books of poetry and prose during his life. His work has been translated and published in many countries. Raworth was a key figure in the British Poetry Revival.

Raworth died at his home in London, England on February 8, 2017 from prostate cancer-related complications, aged 78.


Valeriu Bularca

Valeriu Bularca (14 February 1931 – 7 February 2017) was a retired Romanian wrestler. He competed at the 1960 and 1964 Olympics and won a silver medal in 1964. In 1961 he became the first Romanian wrestler to win a world title. He collected six national titles between 1957 and 1964. 

After retiring from competitions he worked as a wrestling coach at CS Steagu Roșu in Brașov.

Bularca died in Brașov on 7 February 2017, aged 85.

Mike Ilitch

Michael Ilitch Sr. (July 20, 1929 – February 10, 2017) was an American entrepreneur. He was the founder and owner of the international fast food franchise Little Caesars. He also owned the sports teams Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL) and Detroit Tigers of Major League Baseball (MLB).

From 1994 until her death in 2005, Ilitch paid Rosa Parks' rent to help her live in a safer part of Detroit.

Ilitch was born in Detroit, Michigan. His parents were Macedonian. He was married to Marian Ilitch from 1955 until his death. The couple had seven children.

Ilitch died on February 10, 2017, at a hospital in Detroit. He was 87.

André Salvat

André Salvat (16 May 1920 – 9 February 2017) was a French colonel. He was a veteran of World War II, the First Indochina War and the Algerian War. He was made a Companion of the Liberation for his World War II service. He was also a Grand Officer of the Legion of Honour. He retired in April 1973. He was born in Prades, Pyrénées-Orientales.

Salvat died on 9 February 2017 in Perpignan, at the age of 96.

Angry Grandpa

Charles Marvin Green Jr. (October 16, 1950 – December 10, 2017), better known as Angry Grandpa or simply AGP, was an American internet personality and former firefighter. With his son, Michael, he had a YouTube channel, "TheAngryGrandpaShow", that had over four million subscribers.

Green was born on October 16, 1950 in Chatham County, Georgia. He had bipolar disorder and suffered from skin cancer.

In October 2017 , Green was hospitalized for cirrhosis, kidney stones and pneumonia. His health began to get worse when he suffered from high ammonia levels. He died at his home in Summerville, South Carolina on December 10, 2017 of problems caused by cirrhosis. He was 67 years old.

Morgan Spurlock

Morgan Valentine Spurlock (born November 7, 1970) is an American documentary filmmaker, humorist, television producer, screenwriter and political activist. He is best known for the directing and starring in the documentary "Super Size Me" (2004). 

The movie earned him an Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature nomination. He also directed "Where in the World Is Osama bin Laden?" (2008), "The Simpsons 20th Anniversary Special – In 3-D! On Ice!" (2010), "" (2011), "" (2011) and "" (2013).

Spurlock was born in Parkersburg, West Virginia. He grew up in Beckley, West Virginia. He has been married twice and has two sons. He is an agnostic.


University of Groningen

The University of Groningen (Dutch: "Rijksuniversiteit Groningen"), shortened to UG, is a public university in Groningen, a city in the province of Groningen, the Netherlands.

The University of Groningen was established in 1614.

It has about 34,000 students.

Its focus is on all sorts of sciences.

Radboud University Nijmegen

Radboud University Nijmegen (Dutch: "Radboud Universiteit Nijmegen"), shortened to RU, is a public university (until 2020 Roman Catholic) in Nijmegen, a city in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands.

Radboud University Nijmegen was established in 1923.

It has about 23,000 students.

Its focus is on all sorts of sciences.

Chidambaram

Chidambaram is a town and municipality in Cuddalore district, Tamil Nadu. It is the headquarters of the Chidambaram taluk. 

Chidambaram covers an area of and had a population of 62,153 as of 2011. Annamalai University, established in 1929 in Chidambaram, is one of the oldest and most prominent universities in the state. This town is known famous for the great Thillai Nataraja Temple. 

Piet Keizer

Petrus Johannes "Piet" Keizer (14 June 1943 – 10 February 2017) was a Dutch professional footballer who played as a left winger. As part of the "Total Football" Ajax Amsterdam team of the 1960s and 1970s, Keizer was particularly notable during the successive managerial tenures of Rinus Michels and Stefan Kovacs (1965–1973). He is widely considered one of the greatest players in Dutch football history. Dutch writer Nico Scheepmaker once said: "Cruyff is the best, but Keizer is the better one". UEFA website has described Keizer as "the genius on the left wing, the skillfull flanker, the superb foil to Johan Cruyff". He was in the shadow of Johan Cruijff, with whom he formed the so-called royal couple. Keizer made frequent use of the scissor movement. Cruyff, in his posthumously released autobiography, placed Keizer, as left winger, in his "ideal squad".

Keizer totalled 490 official matches for Ajax, scoring 189 goals between 1961 and 1974. He played predominantly on the left-wing and with Ajax won 3 consecutive European Cups (1971, 1972, 1973), having lost the 1969 European Cup final to A.C. Milan. Also with Ajax, he won 6 Eredivisie titles, 5 KNVB Cups, 2 European Super Cups, 1 Intercontinental Cup and 1 Intertoto Cup.

In August 1973, under new Ajax manager George Knobel, the Ajax players voted in a secret ballot for Keizer to be the team's next captain, ahead of Johan Cruyff. Just weeks later Cruyff left Ajax to join Barcelona.

With the Dutch national team, Keizer played 34 times, scoring 11 goals. He made his international debut in an 8-0 friendly win against the Netherlands Antilles in 1962. Keizer was selected by Netherlands manager, Rinus Michels, to play for the Dutch squad during the 1974 FIFA World Cup, but only started in the 0-0 draw against Sweden. He wasn't used for the rest of the tournament and the World Cup final against Germany.

Keizer suddenly retired from football in October 1974, shortly after a row over tactics with Ajax manager Hans Kraay.

On 13 June 1967, Keizer married Jenny Hoopman. The couple have two sons.

Keizer died after a long battle with lung cancer in February 2017.




Filmfare Award for Best Actor – Tamil

Filmfare Award for Best Actor is given by the filmfare as part of its annual Filmfare Awards South for Tamil film lead actors. The Filmfare Awards South Awards were extended to "Best Actor" in 1972. The year indicates the year of release of the film.

Hans Kraay Sr.

Hans Kraay Sr. (born Johan Hendrik Kraay; 14 October 1936 – 27 October 2017) was a Dutch footballer, manager and sports journalist. He played as a defender. He played for DOS, Feyenoord and the Netherlands national football team. He also managed Ajax, AZ Alkmaar, Sparta Rotterdam and Feyenoord.

Kraay was born in Utrecht. His son, Hans Kraay Jr. (born 1959), was also a footballer and manager. He died in Tiel at the age of 81.

Hans Kraay Jr.

Hans Kraay Jr. (born 22 December 1959) is a Dutch former footballer, football manager and television presenter. He played as a defender. He played for AZ, SBV Excelsior, HFC Haarlem, NAC Breda, RKC Waalwijk, Helmond Sport, FC Eindhoven, De Graafschap, FC Dordrecht, Telstar and FC Den Bosch. He has also managed lower league teams since 1999.

Kraay was born in Utrecht. His father, Hans Kraay Sr. (1936–2017), was also a footballer and manager.


Edward Bryant

Edward Winslow Bryant Jr. (August 27, 1945 – February 10, 2017) was an American science fiction and horror writer. He was best known for winning two Nebula Awards in 1978 and 1979. He was born in White Plains, New York. He grew up in Wyoming.

Bryant had type 1 diabetes. He died from an illness on February 10, 2017 in Denver, Colorado. He was 71.

Hiag Akmakjian

Hiag Akmakjian (July 17, 1926 – January 10, 2017) was an American writer, painter and photographer. He wrote several books including "Snow Falling from a Bamboo Leaf: The Art of Haiku" (1979), "30,000 Mornings" (1999) and "Cleo" (2016).

Akmakjian was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. His parents were refugees of the Armenian Genocide. He was married to Margaret Akmakjian. They had a son, Nicolas.

Akmakjian died from lung cancer in Wales, at the age of 90.

Arabesque

Arabesque is an artistic decoration. It uses "surface decorations based on... interlacing foliage, tendrils" or plain lines. Another definition is "Foliate ornament, used in the Islamic world, typically using leaves... combined with spiralling stems".

Arabesques are usually of a single design which can be 'tiled' or repeated as many times as desired.

The term "arabesque" is used as a technical term by art historians for decoration in Islamic art from about the 9th century onwards, and European decorative art from the Renaissance onwards. Note that Islamic geometric patterns are a different style from arabesques.

Arabesque (disambiguation)

Arabesques are an important design for surface decoration. The word is also used for:


Arabesque (ballet)

The arabesque is a basic ballet positions. It has been used since the 18th century. The dancer stands on one leg (the supporting leg) with the other leg (the working leg) turned out and extended behind the body. There are many variations on this figure which are described in the standard ballet technique books.

Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam

Issai Munnetra Kazhagam is a state political party in the Indian states of Tamil Nadu and Puducherry known for minority appeasement and anti-Hindu tactics. It is a anti-Dravidian party founded by C. N. Annadurai in 1949 as a break away faction from the Dravidar Kazhagam (known as Justice Party until 1944) headed by Periyar E. V. Ramasamy, a notable anti-Hindu. Since 1969, DMK has been headed by Karunanidhi, who has served as Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu several times. DMK holds the distinction of being the first party other than the Indian National Congress to win state-level elections with a clear majority on its own in any state in India. Present President of DMK Party is M. K. Stalin.

Monstera deliciosa

Monstera deliciosa is a species of the genus Monstera, which is commonly found in tropical Central America. The term deliciosa in the species name means delicious, and refers to the edible fruit of the plant. The plant is a vine (a climbing plant). Originally, the plant was found the Mexican states of Oaxaca, Veracruz, and Chiapas. It also grows in Costa Rica, Guatemala, and Panama.

It is also commonly grown as a houseplant. Wild plants can now also be found in the Southern United States (mainly Florida), Malaysia, India, Australia and the western part of the Mediterranean basin (Portugal, Morocco, and Madeira).

In the wild, there seem to be at least two forms: One has larger leaves, and looks more like a bush, the other has smaller ones, and resembles a vine. 

Buffalo Niagara International Airport

Buffalo Niagara International Airport is an airport serving the Buffalo area in New York State. It serves the Buffalo area and nearby areas in Southern Ontario.

Icelandair

Icelandair is the national flag carrier of Iceland. They currently fly to 37 North American and European destinations with Boeing 757 or Boeing 767 aircraft.

Their main hub is at Keflavik International Airport in Reykjavik.

As of December 2016, Icelandair used an all-Boeing fleet. It was made up of the following aircraft:

Jiro Taniguchi

Taniguchi died on 11 February 2017 in Tokyo, at the age of 69.

MVG Class C

The MVG Class C is a type of train used on the Munich U-Bahn. They are used on every line.

The MVG Class C began service in 2002.

There are 18 trains with six cars each.


Sione Lauaki

Sione Tuitupu Lauaki (22 June 1981 – 12 February 2017) was a New Zealand rugby union player. He played for the All Blacks between 2005 and 2008. At a club level, he played for the Chiefs, Bayonne and Clermont. He was born in Haʻapai, Tonga. He grew up in Auckland.

Lauaki was diagnosed with heart and kidney problems while playing for Bayonne. He died on 12 February 2017, at the age of 35.


Fab Melo

Fabricio "Fab" Paulino de Melo (20 June 1990 – 11 February 2017) was a Brazilian professional basketball player. He played as a center. In the United States, he played for the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and Syracuse Orange. In Brazil, he played for LSB and Brasília of the Novo Basquete Brasil (NBB).

Melo was born in Juiz de Fora, Minas Gerais. He moved to the U.S. and graduated from high school in 2010.

Melo died from an apparent heart attack on 11 February 2017 in Juiz de Fora. He was 26.

John Barnes (footballer)

John Charles Bryan Barnes (born 7 November 1963) is a Jamacian-born English former footballer, rapper, manager and now commentator. He played as a left winger. He was best known for playing for Liverpool between 1987 and 1997. He won three league titles, an FA Cup and a League Cup during his time playing at Liverpool. He also played for Watford, Newcastle United, Charlton Athletic and the England national team. He also managed Celtic, the Jamaica national team and Tranmere Rovers.

Barnes was born in Kingston, Jamaica. He moved to London at the age of 12. He was married to Suzy until their divorce. They had four children. With his second wife, Andrea, he has three children. He lives on the Wirral.

Liverpool

Jamaica



Tom Pryce

Thomas Maldwyn "Tom" Pryce (11 June 1949 – 5 March 1977) was a British racing driver. 

Pryce was born in Ruthin, Denbighshire, Wales. He married his wife, Fenella, in 1975. After his death, a memorial was set up in Pryce's hometown.

Pryce won the 1975 Race of Champions, a non-championship Formula One (F1) race. He is the only Welsh driver to win a Formula One race. Besides his F1 win, he was also known for his unusual death at the 1977 South African Grand Prix. He made 42 Formula One World Championship entries between 1974 and 1977. He was a member of the Token team and later the Shadow team.

Pryce died on 5 March 1977 in Midrand, South Africa, at the age of 27. He was competing in the South African Grand Prix. His teammate, Italian Renzo Zorzi retired his car after an engine fire. Two marshals ran across the track to help Zorzi. One of the marshals, Frederik Jansen van Vuuren, however, was hit by Pryce's car. The fire extinguisher van Vuuren was holding hit Pryce's head. Both men died instantly. The event was filmed.


Paragahadeniya

Paragahadeniya is a small town in the North Western Province of Sri Lanka.

Bob Paisley

Robert "Bob" Paisley (23 January 1919 – 14 February 1996) was an English footballer and manager. He played for Liverpool as a left half between 1939 and 1954. He later managed Liverpool between 1974 and 1983. Paisley and Carlo Ancelotti are the only managers to have won the European Cups three times. He won 20 major honours with Liverpool as a manager.

Paisley was born in Hetton-le-Hole, County Durham. He married Jessie in 1946. The couple had two sons and a daughter, Robert, Graham and Christine.

Paisley was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 1992. He died on 14 February 1996 in Liverpool, at the age of 77.


2017 United Kingdom general election

A general election was held on the 8 June 2017 to elect all 650 members of the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. It ended in a hung parliament, with the Conservative Party winning the most seats. They made a confidence-and-supply agreement with the Democratic Unionist Party so they could pass a vote of no confidence. Theresa May stayed as prime minister.

Labour won a lot of seats from the Conservatives. This was the first time Labour had gained seats since 1997. The election happened because Parliament voted for a snap election after the 2016 Brexit referendum.

The next general election was due to be held on 8 May 2020. Theresa May announced on 18 April 2017 that she wanted it to be held on 8 June . The House of Commons voted in favour of this proposal on 19 April 2017 allowing the election to take place in June 2017.

BBC News, ITV and Sky News all released an exit poll at 10pm. This poll predicted the Conservatives would be the largest party but lose their majority.
Exit poll results:


The final results were very similar to the exit poll. 

When the election was called the Conservative Party had a big lead in the polls and they were expected to win by a landslide. As the campaign went on the Labour Party closed the gap in the polls and the Conservatives lost their majority in the House of Commons.

Important MPs who lost their seats include former Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg, former First Minister of Scotland Alex Salmond and The leader of the SNP in the House of Commons Angus Robertson.

J. D. Tippit

J.D. Tippit was a police officer in Dallas, Texas, murdered on the 22nd of November, 1963, by Lee Harvey Oswald. This was the same day that John F. Kennedy was assassinated.

El amor brujo

El amor brujo (Translation "Love, the Magician") is a ballet in one act and two scenes of Manuel de Falla music. Choreography: Pastora Imperio. Libretto by Gregorio Martínez Sierra. First performance in Madrid, Spain, at the Teatro Lara April 15, 1915.

It was written after the famous dancer Pastora Imperio expressed to him the desire to expand his repertoire with a new song and a dance.

The story, told to the librettist's mother Pastora Imperio, is based on a popular legend. He stars a gypsy named Candela that has been abandoned recently by a man who believed he loved her. So she turns to a witch so that prepare a love potion to bring back her man from her; she goes to the lair of this witch, but finds it empty, so you sudden witch herself and the spell fails. The man who had betrayed her appears in the den of a sudden, he does not recognize the mistakes for the witch and he is afraid. Candela warns him that he had recently launched a curse on him that can be broken only by returning from its previous woman. The man, who has fear of the witch, promises that will do so, then recognizes Candela, but now the spell worked and he can no longer do without her now that he has in hand.

Falla, who draws profusely and with exquisite wisdom to the historical repertoire of Spanish music has given us one of his most beautiful pieces with its Amor Brujo, rich melodies and tempo changes; Although the story is very exciting and quite short, the music, the choreography and environments create a very gypsy and manage to transport the viewer completely. Many pieces of the De Falla Ballet were highly appreciated by pianists and became famous. One of them, "The dance ritual del Fuego" (Ritual Fire Dance), was the horse of battle of the composer.



Live at Leeds

Live at Leeds is a live album by The Who. It was recorded at Leeds University on 14 February 1970. At the time of the recording The Who were in the prime of their career and were widely hailed as the greatest live band that had ever played. They were said to be quite tight that night. The original album consisted of six songs. In 1995, an extended 14-track remaster and re-mix of the original master was made, occupying nearly all of the storage capacity offered by a compact disc (app. 80 minutes), and later there was a deluxe edition and a 4-CD set. "Live at Leeds" consistently holds the top spot on critics' lists of the greatest live albums of all time.

Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam

Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam is a regional political party formed by Tamil film actor Vijayakanth in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu, along the lines of the regional Dravidian political parties. He announced the party's formation on 14 September 2005 at Madurai. The party head office is in Koyambedu, Chennai.This party contested in all 234 seats in the Tamil Nadu state assembly election in May 2006 with Vijayakanth contesting in Vridhachalam constituency. The party polled almost 30 lakh votes . All the candidates of the DMDK, with exception of Vijayakanth, lost the elections in 2006. The party won 29 seats in the 2011 Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly election and became the opposition party with Vijayakanth as the Leader of the Opposition.

Naam Tamilar Katchi

Naam Tamilar Katchi is a Tamil nationalist party in the state of Tamil Nadu and Puducherry, India. This party's main idol or symbol is Velupillai Prabhakaran. Naam Tamilar Katchi promote Tamil Nationalism and oppose Dravidian politics in Tamil Nadu. Naam Tamilar Katchi supports regional politics and opposes Indian national parties.In 1958, Adithanar founded the We Tamils party with the platform of forming a sovereign Tamil state. During the Civil War in Sri Lanka, this party was made an organisation supporting Tamil Eelam people. On 18 May 2010, it was formed as a party once again by the chief coordinator Seeman. During the formation of the party, Seeman added that "we are not founding the Naam Tamilar party, we are continuing with what S. P. Adithanar founded.

Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam

Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam is a political party active in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu and Pondicherry. It was established by Vaiko in 1994. Vaiko was a member of Rajyasabha and a party activist of Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam. In 1994, he was forced out of the parent body as he was seen as a threat to DMK chief Karunanidhi's son M.K. Stalin. Vaiko along with some district secretaries announced the decision to start rival DMK ultimately leading to naming of the part as MDMK.in 2022,this party merger with mdmk.

Pattali Makkal Katchi

Pattali Makkal Katchi is a socio-democratic political party currently active and 3 rd largest party in Tamil Nadu, India. It is known for its fights against any kind of social injustice. Pattali Makkal Katchi was founded by Dr S Ramadoss an activist on 16 July 1989.PMK contested in the 2014 Lok Sabha election in an alliance with Bharatiya Janata Party led National Democratic Alliance and its candidate Anbumani Ramadoss won from Dharmapuri Lok Sabha constituency, where he is one of two non-AIADMK MPs from Tamil Nadu the other being from its alliance party BJP.

Carbon sink

A carbon sink is a natural or artificial reservoir that stores carbon-containing chemical compounds for a long period. Carbon sinks absorb more carbon than they release. 

A forest, ocean, or other natural environments produce surplus carbon. Carbon sinks are very important in our environment. They can be natural or man-made. Soil, ocean, forest and the atmosphere all store carbon and this carbon moves in a continuous cycle. The largest carbon sinks become swamps, bogs, and eventually coal measures.

In the regular carbon cycle, CO comes from the atmosphere and then is taken by plants and uses it in the process of photosynthesis.


Tim Raines

Tim Raines (born September 16, 1959) is a professional baseball coach and former player. He was a seven-time All-Star with the Montreal Expos. His 808 stolen bases rank 5th in Major League Baseball (MLB) history.

In 2017, he was inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame.

Laura Innes

Laura Innes (born August 16, 1957) is an American actress and television director. She played the Dr. Kerry Weaver in the NBC medical drama series "ER". She also played Bunny Mather in the TV sitcom "Wings".

Innes is also a stage actress.

Innes was born in Pontiac, Michigan.

Tactopoda

Tactopods are members of a proposed clade of ecdysozoans called Tactopoda. Various studies support the tactopods.


Ethiopian Airlines Flight 961

Ethiopian Airlines Flight 961 was a domestic passenger flight from Addis Ababa to Nairobi, with stopovers at Brazzaville, Lagos, and Abidjan. On November 23, 1996 the Boeing 767 was hijacked by three Ethiopians that were seeking asylum in Australia. However the plane ran out of fuel, and crash-landed in the Indian Ocean near the Comoros Islands. Of the 175 occupants on-board 125 people including the hijackers were killed, and 50 people survived.

Al Jarreau

Alwin Lopez "Al" Jarreau (March 12, 1940 – February 12, 2017) was an American jazz singer. He won seven Grammy Awards and was nominated for over a dozen more. He was best known for his album "Breakin' Away" (1981) and singing the theme song of the late-1980s television series "Moonlighting". He was also a performer in the charity song "We Are the World" (1985). He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Jarreau had been treated for exhaustion the week before his death. He died from respiratory failure on February 12, 2017 in Los Angeles, California. He was 76.

Quentin Moses

Quentin Moses (November 18, 1983 – February 12, 2017) was an American football player. He played as a linebacker. He played for the Oakland Raiders, Arizona Cardinals and Miami Dolphins in the National Football League from 2007 to 2010. He was born in Athens, Georgia.

Moses was one of three people who died in a house fire on February 12, 2017 in Monroe, Georgia. He was 33.

Dave Adolph

Dave Adolph (June 6, 1937 – February 12, 2017) was an American football coach. He held coaching positions at National Football League teams including the Cleveland Browns, Oakland Raiders, Kansas City Chiefs and San Diego Chargers. He was born in Akron, Ohio.

Adolph died on February 12, 2017, at the age of 79.

Krystyna Sienkiewicz

Krystyna Waleria Sienkiewicz (14 February 1935 – 12 February 2017) was a Polish actress and singer. She was born in Ostrów Mazowiecka. Her career began in 1955. In 1958, Sienkiewicz was in her first movie, "Farewells" by Wojciech Has. From that moment she appeared in more than 20 movies, including "Jutro premiera" (1962), "Lekarstwo na miłość" (1967) and "Rzeczpospolita Babska" (1969). 

In 2007 she received the Medal for Merit to Culture – Gloria Artis. In 2007 she received the Medal for Merit to Culture – Gloria Artis.

Sienkiewicz died in Warsaw, Poland on 12 February 2017, aged 81.

Jarmila Šuláková

Jarmila Šuláková (27 June 1929 – 11 February 2017) was a Czech folk singer. She was an important figure of Moravian traditional music. She was sometimes called the "queen of the folk song". She was born in Vsetín, Czech Republic. From 1994 to 2011 she regularly performed with the folk-rock group .

Šuláková died on 11 February 2017 in Vsetín at the age of 87.

Chavo Guerrero Sr.

Salvador Guerrero III (January 7, 1949 – February 11, 2017) better known as Chavo Guerrero or Chavo Guerrero Sr., and also known during the 21st century as "Chavo Classic", was a professional wrestler. He was born in El Paso, Texas.

He was best known for his work in Universal Wrestling Federation (UWF), American Wrestling Association (AWA) and World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) and for being the father of third generation wrestler Chavo Guerrero Jr.. He was the oldest son of Salvador "Gory" Guerrero, and part of the Guerrero wrestling family. 

He was the oldest WWE Cruiserweight Champion. On June 15, 2004, he was fired by WWE for no-showing multiple "SmackDown!" house shows. 

On February 11, 2017, Guerrero died of liver cancer in El Paso at the age of 68.

John Howes

John Forman Howes ORS (June 19, 1924 – February 4, 2017) was an American educator. He was the Professor of Asian Studies at the University of British Columbia (UBC) for over 30 years. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. In 2003, Howes was awarded the Order of the Rising Sun by the Emperor of Japan for his outstanding contributions to the Canada-Japan community. After retirement from UBC, he taught at Obirin University, near Tokyo.

Howes died on February 4, 2017 in Vancouver, British Columbia, aged 92.

Arrondissements of the Guyane department

There are 2 arrondissements in the French Guiana department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of French Guiana are:



Arrondissement of Cayenne

The arrondissement of Cayenne is an arrondissement of France, in the French Guiana department. Its capital, and the prefecture of the department, is the city of Cayenne.

When the French Guiana became an oversea department of France in 1946, Cayenne was the only "arrondissement" in the department.

The "arrondissement" of Cayenne is in the eastern half of the department. It has the Atlantic Ocean to the north, Brazil to east and south, and the Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni "arrondissement" to the west.

The "arrondissement" of Cayenne is the has an area of and a population of 164,489 inhabitants.

The "arrondissement" of Cayenne has 14 "communes"; they areː


Arrondissement of Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni

The arrondissement of Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni is an arrondissement of France, in the French Guiana department. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni was created in 1969.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni is in the western half of the department. It has the Atlantic Ocean to the north, the Cayenne "arrondissement" to the east, Brazil to the south, and Surinam to the west.

The "arrondissement" of Cayenne has an area of and a population of 87,849 inhabitants.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni has 8 "communes"; they areː


Melanne Verveer

Melanne Verveer is the Executive Director of the Georgetown Institute for Women, Peace and Security. She served as the U.S. Representative to the UN Commission on the Status of Women. She also served as the first U.S. Ambassador for Global Women’s Issues. She co-wrote the book "Fast Forward: How Women Can Achieve Power and Purpose". She has received many awards, including the U.S. Secretary of State’s Award for Distinguished Service.

Yitzhak Livni

Yitzhak Livni (17 October 1934 – 12 February 2017) was an Israeli media personality and journalist. He served as editor of the magazines "Bamahane Nahal" (1956–1961) and "Bamahane" (1961–1971). He was the head of IDF's radio station Galatz (1968–1974). He was also the CEO of the Israel Broadcasting Authority (1974–1979).

Livni was born in Łódź, Poland. He moved to Tel Aviv as a child. He was married to poet Dahlia Ravikovitch in the 1960s. He was later married to Knesset member Eti Livni. They had three children.

Livni died on 12 February 2017, at the age of 82.

James Hunt

James Simon Wallis Hunt (29 August 1947 – 15 June 1993) was a British racing driver. He was best known for winning the Formula One World Championship in 1976. He later became a commentator after retiring from racing in 1979. 

Hunt was born in Belmont, Surrey. He was well known for lifestyle and behaviour on and off the track. He was married to Suzy Miller and later Sarah Lomax. The couple had two children, Tom and Freddie. He was also engaged to Helen Dyson before his death. He was also a close friend of Niki Lauda.

Hunt began his career in the 1973 season. He entered 93 F1 races. He won a total ten official F1 races. In 1976, he won the Formula One World Championship, winning six of the official races. He won the Dutch Grand Prix (1975, 1976), Spanish Grand Prix (1976), French Grand Prix (1976), German Grand Prix (1976), Italian Grand Prix (1976), Canadian Grand Prix (1976), United States Grand Prix (1976, 1977) and Japanese Grand Prix (1977) races. During his career, he raced for Hesketh (1973–1975), McLaren (1976–1978) and Wolf (1979). He retired in 1979.

Hunt later became a commentator. He was known for commentating on F1 races with Murray Walker. He was played by Australian actor Chris Hemsworth in the movie "Rush" (2013).

Hunt died from a heart attack on 15 June 1993 in Wimbledon, London, at the age of 45.


Ring toss

Ring toss is a common game where rings are tossed around a peg, or bottle. It is mostly played in carnivals.

Wiesław Adamski

Wiesław Adamski (26 July 1947 – 10 February 2017) was a Polish sculptor. He was best known for his work on small sculptures, medals, portraits and blacksmithing. His works had been shown in Helsinki, Poltava, Berlin, Madrid, Washington, Warsaw, Rotterdam and Paris. One famous work by him is a potato monument in Biesiekierz. He was born in Szczecinek County.

Adamski died on 10 February 2017 in Wałcz, at the age of 69.hhhh

Evionnaz

Evionnaz is a municipality of the district of Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Finhaut

Finhaut is a municipality of the district Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Massongex

Massongex is a municipality in the district of Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Keat Chhon

Keat Chhon (; born 11 August 1934) is a Cambodian politician. He is a member of the Cambodian People's Party. He represented Phnom Penh in the National Assembly of Cambodia in 2003. He was the Minister for Economy and Finance from 1994 to 2013. He was also the Deputy Prime Minister of Cambodia from 2008 to 2016.

Keat was born in Kratié Province. He is married to Lay Neari and has two children.

Mex, Valais

Mex was a municipality in Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, Mex became part of the municipality Saint-Maurice.

Salvan, Switzerland

Salvan is a municipality in the district of Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Goms, Valais

Goms is a municipality of the district of Goms in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Blitzingen, Grafschaft, Münster-Geschinen, Niederwald and Reckingen-Gluringen merged into the new municipality of Goms.


Kongunadu Makkal Desia Katchi

Kongunadu Makkal Desia Katchi is a political party in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The party's vote base is mainly concentrated in the Kongu Nadu region of Tamil Nadu. It was a splinter party of Kongunadu Munnetra Kazhagam.On 21 March 2013, E. R. Eswaran launched new Party Kongunadu Makkal Desia Katchi, he also became the General Secretary of new party. He contested the May 2009 Loksabha elections as a Kongunadu Munnetra Kazhagam candidate in the Coimbatore constituency and came third, securing more than one lakh votes. He also came third in the 2009 by election for Thondamuthur Assembly Constituency.

People's Welfare Front

The People's Welfare Front is a Tamil Nadu political alliance formed in October 2015. It consists of four political parties: Communist Party of India, Communist Party of India (Marxist), Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi, and Marumalarchi Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam. The alliance is expected to contest Tamil Nadu and 2016 Puducherry Legislative Assembly elections as one unit. Later it made an electoral alliance with Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam and Tamil Maanila Congress.

Eilat Airport

Eilat Airport (, also known as J. Hozman Airport; ), or "Hozman Airport", is an airport in Israel. It is in the coastal city of Eilat, in the south of the country.

Eilat Airport is a public airport, mainly for internal flights. It was established in 1949.

Lactate dehydrogenase

Lactate dehydrogenase (LDH or LD) is an enzyme found in nearly all living cells (animals, plants, and prokaryotes). It catalyzes the conversion of lactate to pyruvic acid and back
This is an important function because lactic acid builds up in muscle tissue. LDH works to prevent muscle fatigue and failure in various ways. 

Each LDH molecule is made of four subunits. There are somewhat different types of LDH in different tissues. The main type in the lungs has two M subunits and two H subunits (2H2M). The M and H subunits are coded by two different genes. The M subunit is coded by LDHA on human chromosome 11, and the H subunit is coded by LDHB on chromosome 12.

Million Reasons

"Million Reasons" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Lady Gaga. It is the seventh track on her fifth studio album, "Joanne". The song became the second single from the album on October 28, 2016, after "Perfect Illusion".

The song first reached number 52 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. Gaga performed the song as the second-to-last song from her Super Bowl 51 halftime show, before "Bad Romance". After her show, "Million Reasons" reentered at number four on the Hot 100. It became her 10th top-five and 14th top-ten song in the US. She performed it as the encore song on the piano on the Joanne World Tour.

The Recording Industry Association of America certified the song Platinum for sales and streams of over one million copies in the US alone.

Barbara Carroll

Barbara Carroll (born Barbara Carole Coppersmith; January 25, 1925 – February 11, 2017) was an American jazz pianist and singer. Her career began in 1947. She was best known for her jazz trio, which had Benny Goodman in the line up. She also performed piano on Broadway plays. She was born in Worcester, Massachusetts

Carroll died on February 11, 2017, at the age of 92.

Damian (musician)

Damian Davey (born Damian Baker; 30 September 1964 – 12 February 2017), better known as simply Damian, was an English pop musician. He was best known for his 1989 song "The Time Warp", a cover version of the original track from "The Rocky Horror Show". He also did a cover of the song "Wig-Wam Bam" by the Sweet. He was born in Manchester.

Damian died from cancer on 12 February 2017, at the age of 52.

Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni

Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni is a commune and subprefecture of the French Guiana, an overseas region and department of France in northern South America.

Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni is a border town in northwest French Guiana. It is the second most populous city of French Guiana, after Cayenne.

The name was given in 1856 by the Governor of French Guiana, Auguste Laurent Bauding, after his father and grandfather. Because the town is on the side of the Maroni river, the name was completed as is now: "Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni".

The town was made a "commune" in 1949. In 1969, it was made the capital of the new arrondissement of Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni.

Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni is a city in northwestern French Guiana to the west of Cayenne, on the Maroni River (in Dutch: "Marowijne"), opposite the town of Albina in Suriname which can be reached by ferry or small boats.

The "commune" has an area of ; at the city hall, the altitude is . It includes some islands in the river: "Île Portal", "Île de la Quarantaine" and "Île aux Lépreux".

The Maroni river flows through the "commune", to which it gives part of its name. Many of its tributaries also flows the "commune": Crique Sparouine (on the southern border), Crique Bastien, Crique Serpent, Crique des cascades, Crique Awara, Crique Balaté, Crique Margot, Crique Chameau, Crique aux bœufs lamentins and Crique Vaches (on the northern border).

Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni is surrounded by the "communes" Mana to the north and east, Grand-Santi to the south and southwest and Apatou to the northwest.

Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni has a Tropical rainforest climate (Köppen climate classification: Af) in which there is no dry season - all months have mean precipitation values of at least .

The average temperature for the year in Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni is . The warmest month, on average, is September with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni is . The month with the most precipitation on average is May with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is October with an average of .

The inhabitants of Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni are known, in French, as "Saint-Laurentins" (women: "Saint-Laurentines").

The "commune" of Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni has a population, in 2014, of 44,169; its population density is of inhabitants/km.

Evolution of the population in Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni



Jan Grabowski

Jan Grabowski (27 May 1950 – 13 February 2017) was a Polish speedway rider. From 1970 to 1980, he represented Falubaz Zielona Góra. He won two bronze medals at the Team Speedway Polish Championship, in 1973 and 1979, with the team. He later became a speedway coach. He was born in Myślibórz.

Grabowski died on 13 February 2017 in Zielona Góra, at the age of 66.

Keith Kellogg

Joseph Keith Kellogg Jr. (born May 12, 1944), known as Keith Kellogg, is a retired general officer in the United States Army. President Donald Trump put Kellogg in charge of the presidential transition agency action team for defense. He was named a foreign policy advisor to then presidential candidate Trump in March 2016. 

He was named Acting United States National Security Advisor on February 13, 2017 following the resignation of Michael T. Flynn.

Clint Roberts

Clint Ronald Roberts (January 30, 1935 – February 13, 2017) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was a member of the U.S. House of Representatives for South Dakota from 1981 to 1983. He was born in Presho, South Dakota.

Roberts died from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on February 13, 2017 in Pierre, South Dakota, at the age of 82.

Loukianos Kilaidonis

Loukianos Kilaidonis (; 15 July 1943 – 7 February 2017) was a Greek composer, songwriter and singer.

Kilaidonis was born in Athens. He studied at the Leonine Lycium of Patissia. afterwards he went to Thessaloniki where he studied architecture at Aristotle University of Thessaloniki for two years, where he finished his studies at the National Metsovo Polytechnic. 

Kilaidonis never did work in architecture because he started a career in music. His first work was the album "Our city" in 1970. Two years later he made the album "Red Thread" with Nikos Gatsos and the singers Manolis Mitsias and Dimitra Galani. 

Kilaidonis died in Marousi, Greece on 7 February 2017 from a respiratory infection, aged 73.

Ren Xinmin

Ren Xinmin (; December 5, 1915 – February 12, 2017) was a Chinese rocket scientist. He was a specialist in astronautics and liquid rocket engine technology. He worked at the University at Buffalo.

Ren was born in Ningguo, China. He studied at Southeast University and at the University of Michigan. 

Ren was the technical director of the Long March 1 rocket. It was used for the successful launch of China's first satellite, and chief designer of Chinese store able propellant rocket engine. He was also the chief designer for Long March 3 launch vehicle, Fengyun, and SJ (Shijian) series satellites.

Ren was elected Member of the Chinese Academy of Sciences in 1980.

Ren, Huang Weilu, Tu Shou'e and Liang Shoupan were bracketed together as "four venerable pioneers of astronautics (航天四老)" in China. They were granted the "Two Bombs and One Satellite Merit Medal" in 1999.

Ren died on February 12, 2017 in Beijing, aged 101.

Harvey Lichtenstein

Harvey Lichtenstein (April 9, 1929 – February 11, 2017) was an American arts administrator.

He was best known for his 32-year tenure (1967–99) as president and executive producer of the Brooklyn Academy of Music, or BAM. He led the institution to a renaissance, championing contemporary performance, establishing the Next Wave Festival, and providing a vital venue for dance, theater, music, and collaborations that bridged disciplines. When Lichtenstein retired, the Doris Duke Charitable Foundation made the decision to honor his considerable accomplishments by foregoing its own naming rights and dedicating the BAM Harvey Theater in his honor.

Lichtenstein was born in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at Brooklyn College and at Black Mountain College. Lichtenstein died in Manhattan, New York on February 11, 2017 from complications of a stroke, aged 87.

Lucky Pulpit

Lucky Pulpit (foaled February 10, 2001 – February 13, 2017) was an American Thoroughbred stallion. He stood at Harris Farms in Coalinga, California.

Lucky Pulpit was a son of the Blue Grass Stakes winner Pulpit, who in turn is a son of 1992 United States Horse of the Year A.P. Indy. Lucky Pulpit was the sire of the 2014 Kentucky Derby and 2014 Preakness Stakes winner and subsequent 2014 Horse of the Year, California Chrome.

Lucky Pulpit died of a heart attack in Arcadia, California on February 13, 2017, aged 16.

Åsleik Engmark

Åsleik Engmark (27 December 1965 – 12 February 2017) was a Norwegian comedian, actor, singer and writer. He was best known for his work as one of the co-founders of the Norwegian cabaret group Lompelandslaget. In Norwegian dubbing, he was well known for voicing Timon in the "The Lion King" series, Mike Wazowski in the "Monsters, Inc." and Woody in the "Toy Story" series. He was born in Oslo.

Engmark died of an illness on 12 February 2017 in Brussels, Belgium, at the age of 51.

Tsuyoshi Yamanaka

Yamanaka died from pneumonia on 10 February 2017 in Tokyo, at the age of 78.

Bobby Murdoch (footballer, born 1936)

Bobby Murdoch (25 January 1936 – 12 February 2017) was an English footballer. He played as a striker. He played for Liverpool, Bolton Wanderers, Barrow, Stockport County, Carlisle United, Southport and Wigan Athletic. He was also a player-manager for the amateur club South Liverpool. He was born in Garston, Liverpool.

Murdoch died on 12 February 2017, at the age of 81.


Sara Coward

Sara Coward (30 January 1948 – 12 February 2017) was a British actress. She was born in Eltham, London. She was known for her role as Caroline Sterling in the BBC radio soap opera "The Archers". She first appeared in the series in 1977. She had the role as a regular from 1979 until September 2016. She also appeared in the TV series "Inspector Morse", "Hetty Wainthropp Investigates" and "Rumpole of the Bailey".

Coward was told she had breast cancer in 2013. She died on 12 February 2017 in Warwickshire, at the age of 69.

Communist Party of India (Marxist)

The Communist Party of India (Marxist) is a Communist party in India. The party emerged from a split from the Communist Party of India in 1964. The CPI(M) was formed at the Seventh Congress of the Communist Party of India held in Calcutta from 31 October to 7 November 1964. The power of CPI(M) is concentrated in the states of Kerala, West Bengal and Tripura. At present in 2016, CPI(M) is leading the state governments in Tripura and Kerala. It also leads the Left Front in West Bengal.

Beam balance

A beam balance is a device used to measure mass. An object is put into a disk on one side that hangs from one end of a bar. It is balanced with weights at the other end. It has a lever at the middle just for support with two equal arms and a pan suspended from each arm at the end of the beam by equal length of strings. More so it can be used to measure various object.it is a very useful machine . it is used by shopkeepers to weight the material which the customer is buying.

A beam balance is a type of scale that uses a beam with weights suspended from its ends to measure the weight or mass of an object. The object to be weighed is placed on one end of the beam, and weights are added to the other end until the beam is in equilibrium, meaning that the two sides are balanced.
They are designed to measure the weight or mass of an object by suspending it from a beam.

M. K. Stalin

Muthuvel Karunanidhi Stalin (better known as M. K. Stalin; often referred to by his initials MKS) (born 1 March 1953) is an Indian politician,present Chief minister of Tamilnadu and President of Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam party. He became the 1st Deputy Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu from 2009 to 2011.Stalin is the third son of famous Tamil Nadu politician Karunanidhi, and was born to his second wife, Dayalu Ammal. Stalin became the Minister for Rural Development and Local Administration in the Government of Tamil Nadu after the 2006 Assembly elections. On 29 May 2009, Stalin was nominated as Deputy Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu by Governor Surjit Singh Barnala. Stalin serves as the Treasurer and the Youth Wing President of the Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam. On 3 January 2013, M. Karunanidhi named him as his heir apparent, ending a long time confusion about who would take over the party reins after Karunanidhi's death. He was the Mayor of Chennai from 1996 to 2002.

Goyescas

Goyescas is a Spanish opera with music by Enrique Granados and libretto by Fernando Periquet y Zuaznabar. It is based on the piano work by Granados which is also called "Goyescas". As the melodies had already been created for the piano work, the words of the opera had to be chosen to fit them.

The opera was first performed in New York, on January 28, 1916. It is not performed as often as the piano version.

Granados was inspired by the paintings of Francisco Goya.




Sarah Knauss

Sarah DeRemer Knauss (née "Clark"; September 24, 1880 – December 30, 1999) was an American supercentenarian, and the world's oldest living person between the death of Canadian woman Marie-Louise Meilleur on April 16, 1998, and her own death from natural causes aged 119 years, 97 days. Knauss is the oldest American ever and the third-oldest person in history, behind Jeanne Calment and Kane Tanaka.

She, also along with Danish-born Americanman Christian Mortensen, who died just 9 days after Meilleur, were the last two living people born before 1884. During the last 40 days of her life, she was also the last living person born before 1885.

Knauss was born as Sarah DeRemer Clark on September 24, 1880, as the third of seven children in Hollywood, Pennsylvania, US. Her family then later moved to South Bethlehem, Pennyslavia.

Her only child, Kathryn, was born in 1903 and died in 2005, aged 101. After 64 years of marriage, her husband died in 1965 at the age of 86.

Knauss was a very short woman. She was tall.

At the age of 104, she moved in with her daughter, Kathryn Knauss Sullivan. At the age of 106, she was no longer able to walk and got about via wheelchair. She remained in relatively good health well into her 119th year, except for being almost totally deaf.

On December 30, 1999, Knauss died from natural causes in her sleep at around 3:00 p.m., while sitting in the chair in her room. She died 2 days before the year 2000 started. With her death, British woman Eva Morris become the oldest living person in the world.


Bilice, Kotor Varoš

Bilice is a populated place in the Kotor Varoš Municipality of Central Bosnia, Bosnia and Herzegovina.


Baština, Kotor Varoš

Baština is a populated place in the Kotor Varoš Municipality of Central Bosnia, Bosnia and Herzegovina. 


Jonathan Russell

Jonathan Russell (February 27, 1771 - February 17, 1832) was a United States Representative from Massachusetts (March 4, 1821 - March 3, 1823). He graduated from Brown University (then Rhode Island College) in 1791. He was also appointed by James Madison to the Diplomatic Service in France in 1811. Russell was one of the five commissioners who negotiated the Treaty of Ghent with Great Britain in 1814, ending the War of 1812. Jonathan Russell died in Milton, Massachusetts on February 17, 1832 (aged 60). His final resting place is in the Russell Family Cemetery (Milton, Massachusetts).

Inferior temporal gyrus

The inferior temporal gyrus is the part of the brain that helps you process shades

Ta Phong Tan

Tạ Phong Tần (born September 15, 1968 in Vĩnh Lợi District, Bạc Liêu Province) is a Vietnamese blogger. She was a member of the Vietnamese Communist Party and an officer in the Vietnamese security forces. In 2013 she received an International Women of Courage Award.

In 2006, she started a blog “Truth and Justice.” She wrote about news and politics. In 2011, she went to prison. She was convicted of propaganda against the state. 

She was freed from prison on September 19, 2015. She went to live in the United States. 



Stefán Karl Stefánsson

Stefán Karl Stefánsson (; ; 10 July 1975 – 21 August 2018) was an Icelandic actor and singer. He was best known for playing antagonist Robbie Rotten on the children's television series "LazyTown".

Stefán Karl's career started in 1994. At the age of 19, he worked as a puppeteer for television. During his years as a puppeteer, he had also been studying at the Drama Academy of Iceland. However, he was not satisfied with how Iceland views their drama standards. He remembered that his principal at his high school said that "acting is not about making faces and changing your face". He did not agree with his high school principal.

Later, Stefán Karl had been invited by Magnús Scheving, an Icelandic gymnast, to portray one of the characters in the second "LazyTown" play. Scheving created the plays because he was concerned that Iceland's younger generation is not doing enough exercise. Stefán Karl explained that "[Scheving] wanted the kids to get healthier, so he created this musical called "LazyTown". He played Sportacus, the fitness fanatic, and I was Robbie Rotten, the guy who liked to stay indoors and sleep". After initial success with the musical, Nickelodeon eventually made a deal with the creators of "LazyTown" to air the first 40 episodes of "LazyTown" along with a special studio built in Iceland. During the first few years of "LazyTown" in the early 2000s, Stefán Karl initially knew no English, but soon became fluent.

Stefán Karl lived in Los Angeles with his wife Steinunn Ólína Þorsteinsdóttir, three daughters, and one son. In June 2018, he was awarded the Order of the Falcon. He had attention deficit hyperactivity disorder and Tourette syndrome.

Stefán Karl announced in October 2016 that he had been diagnosed with bile duct cancer. On the same month, GoFundMe campaign was subsequently created by "LazyTown" head writer Mark Valenti to pay his living costs when he became too ill to work. The campaign was popularized by various YouTube users uploading parodies of Stefán Karl's work. This eventually made the songs "We Are Number One" and "The Mine Song" from "LazyTown" become Internet memes. In August 2017, Stefán Karl stated he was in remission. He clarified on his GoFundMe campaign that while his metastases had been removed after successful liver surgery in June 2017, he still had the disease and had refused further adjuvant therapy.

In March 2018, Stefán Karl was diagnosed with inoperable bile duct cancer, and said that he was undergoing chemotherapy to increase the length of his life. In April 2018, he announced that he personally chose to stop his chemotherapy, and then began to shut down all his social media accounts.

He died on 21 August 2018 at the age of 43. His wife stated that Stefansson didn't want to a funeral when he died. Instead, she had said that his body will be secretly scattered into a distant ocean. 

It was announced by his manager, Cheryl Edison, that the Stefán Karl Academy & Center for the Performing Arts will be opened in Switzerland in the year 2019 as a memorial to his career.

Stefán Karl has been credited in various works including plays, television series, films, and games.

According to IMDb:

Pusheen

Pusheen is a cartoon cat and an internet meme. She is seen in comic strips and sticker sets on Facebook. Some of the stickers are animated. Pusheen was created in 2010 by Hilary Duff a comic strip on her website, Everyday Cute. 

The original comic strip series used characters modeled after her owners, Belton and Duff. Also included was their dog named Care, and Pusheen, a female chubby gray tabby cat based on Belton's cat that now lives with her parents in Oregon. Pusheen's name comes from the word "puisín", which means kitten in Irish.

Pusheen is an example of the popularity of cats on the Internet and in social media. An exhibition at the New York City Museum of the Moving Image used Pusheen along with other celebrity cats such as Grumpy Cat, Keyboard Cat and Lil Bub as examples. 

The Facebook page for Pusheen has over 8.9 million followers as of March 2020. 

The brand has expanded with merchandise from Barnes & Noble, Hot Topic, and Petco. Pusheen is also now seen on: Instagram, Pinterest, and Twitter. The Pusheen Corp has created a mobile app to go along with their sticker collection that started on Facebook. Also, the company has started releasing GIFs on their website several times a month.

Mary Akrami

Mary Akrami is an activist from Afghanistan. She started the Afghan Women Skills Development Center, a women's shelter in Kabul. In 2007 she received the International Women of Courage Award.

Akrami grew up in Kabul, Afghanistan. During the war with the Taliban, her family left Afghanistan and went to live in Pakistan. Akrami got a BBA degree in Administration and Economy from Peshawar in Pakistan.

Akrami worked with a group of women to start classes in English and computer literacy for Afghan women in refugee camps. They got help from the Aurat Foundation (an NGO in Pakistan) and the Afghan Women Skills Development Center (AWSDC). 

In 2001, Akrami went to the Afghan Civil Society meeting in Bonn, Germany. After the war, she went back to 
Afghanistan and started an economic development project for women in the small village of Ghazni. In April, she started a women's shelter with the help of Norwegian church Aid (NCA). The shelter provides psychological counseling and legal aid. 

To promote human rights for women, they started a peace building program in the Parwan province. They started 12 peace committees 6 and 1 central Shura in each district. Women have 50% representation in the peace committees.

Hans Trass

Hans-Voldemar Trass (2 May 1928 – 14 February 2017) was an Estonian ecologist and botanist. He was a member of the Estonian Academy of Sciences from 1975 until his death. He was the president of the Estonian Naturalists' Society from 1964 to 1973 and 1985 to 1991. He was awarded the Acharius Medal by the International Association for Lichenology in 1992.

Trass was born in Tallinn. He was married to Estonian Raine Loo. The couple had a son, composer and organist Toomas Trass.

Trass died on 14 February 2017, at the age of 88.


Ricardo Arias Calderón

Ricardo Arias Calderón (4 May 1933 – 13 February 2017) was a Panamanian politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Party. He served as the first Vice President of Panama from 1989 to 1992.

Arias was born in Panama City. He studied at Yale and the Sorbonne. He was a Roman Catholic. He was married to Theresa and had four children.

Arias died on 13 February 2017 in Panama City, at the age of 83.

The Proclaimers

The Proclaimers are a Scottish folk rock band. The members are twin brothers, Charlie and Craig Reid (born 5 March 1962). They are best known for the songs "I'm Gonna Be (500 Miles)", "Sunshine on Leith", "I'm on My Way" and "Letter from America". They are also known for singing with a Scottish accent.

The Reid brothers were born in Leith. They are fans of Hibernian and support Scottish independence.

Jared Kushner

Jared Corey Kushner (born January 10, 1981) is an American real estate investor and developer and newspaper publisher. He was the senior advisor to his father-in-law, President Donald Trump.

With White House Chief of Staff Reince Priebus and Chief Strategist Steve Bannon, he forms Trump's leadership team. Kushner is said to be President Trump's most trusted advisor, showing "unwavering loyalty" to his father-in-law.

In August 24, 2017, Jared Kushner visited Israel to meet Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu. He went to Palestine to meet President Mahmoud Abbas in an attempt to restart a peace process in the Middle East.

Kushner married Trump's daughter Ivanka Trump in 2009. They have three children.

Woody Johnson

Robert Wood "Woody" Johnson IV (born April 12, 1947) is an American businessman and philanthropist. He was the United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom from 2017 until 2021. He is a great-grandson of Robert Wood Johnson I (co-founder of Johnson & Johnson), and the owner of the New York Jets of the National Football League.

Johnson was nominated to be the United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom by then President-elect Donald Trump on January 19, 2017.

Israel Kamakawiwoʻole

Israel Kaʻanoʻi Kamakawiwoʻole (May 20, 1959 – June 26, 1997) was an American singer and musician. He was also known as Bruddah Iz. He is best known for his versions of the songs "Somewhere over the Rainbow" and "What a Wonderful World", recorded in 1988 and released in 1993. He also played the ukulele to his songs. He was a Native Hawaiian and supported independence of the U.S. state to become a sovereignty.

Kamakawiwoʻole was born in Honolulu. He was married to Marlene. The couple had a daughter, Ceslieanne (born ).

Kamakawiwoʻole had health issues because of his obesity. He died on June 26, 1997, in Honolulu, at the age of 38.

Elisabeth Rehn

Märta Elisabeth Rehn (née Carlberg; born 6 April 1935) is a Finnish politician. She is a Swedish-speaking Finn, and was a member of the Swedish People's Party. She was the Minister of Defence from 1990 to 1995. She was also an Undersecretary General of the United Nations from 1995 to 1999.

Rehn was born in Helsinki. She was married to Ove Rehn from 1955 until his death in 2004. They had four children. She has survived cancer twice.

Talking Body

"Talking Body" is a 2014 electropop song from singer and songwriter Tove Lo. The song was released to American contemporary hit radio on January 13, 2015 by Republic Records. The song comes from her studio album "Queen of the Clouds" (2014).

The song is about trying to seduce someone into sex.

"Talking Body" hit #12 on "Billboard" Hot 100.

Bang Bang (Jessie J, Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj song)

"Bang Bang" is a pop-soul ballad from Jessie J, Ariana Grande and Nicki Minaj. The song is about female empowerment, sex and feminism.

The song was released on July 29, 2014 as the lead single from Jessie J's studio album "Sweet Talker" (2014). The song is also off Grande's album "My Everything" (2014).

"Bang Bang" began at #1 in the United Kingdom. It hit the Top Ten in several countries, like Australia, Canada and the United States.

It won Favorite Song of the Year at the 2015 Kids' Choice Awards on Nickelodeon.

Albion, Jackson County, Wisconsin

Albion is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 20,449.

Alma, Jackson County, Wisconsin

Alma is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 1,044.

Province of South Carolina

The Province of South Carolina (also known as the South Carolina Colony) was originally part of the Province of Carolina in British America. In 1776 the province became the U.S. state of South Carolina.

The Carolinas were named for King Charles II of England. The colony was first named "Carolana". Charles II had given the land to a group of eight nobles called the Lords Proprietors. In 1712 the Carolina Province split into the Province of North Carolina and Province of South Carolina. Both provinces became British royal colonies in 1729.

Lord Charles Montagu (1741-1784) was Royal Governor of the Province of South Carolina from 1766 to 1773. 

Bear Bluff, Wisconsin

Bear Bluff is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 138.

Brockway, Wisconsin

Brockway is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 2,828.

City Point, Wisconsin

City Point is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 182.

Cleveland, Jackson County, Wisconsin

Cleveland is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 481.

Curran, Wisconsin

Curran is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 343.

Franklin, Jackson County, Wisconsin

Franklin is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 448.

Garden Valley, Wisconsin

Garden Valley is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 422.

Garfield, Jackson County, Wisconsin

Garfield is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 638.

Hixton (town), Wisconsin

Hixton is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 652.

Irving, Wisconsin

Irving is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 751.

Knapp, Jackson County, Wisconsin

Knapp is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 299.

Komensky, Wisconsin

Komensky is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 509.

Dinocephalosaurus

Dinocephalosaurus is a genus of long necked, aquatic Archosaurs which lived in the Triassic seas. Its fossils are found in 244 ± 1.3 million year old rocks. 

Didocephalosaurus means "terrible headed lizard". The first specimen found was just a skull, discovered near Xinmin in Guizhou Province, China in 2002. The second specimen found nearby, and was the head and much of the postcrainal skeleton, minus the tail. "Dinocephalosaurus" is the "first record of protorosaurid reptile (Order Protorosauria) from the Middle Triassic of China".

A new specimen found in Yunnan Province, southern China, showed evidence of live births (ovoviviparity). This is the earliest known example of this in the large group of tetrapods which includes dinosaurs, crocodiles, pterosaurs and birds.

Manchester, Wisconsin

Manchester is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 704.

Melrose, Wisconsin

Melrose is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 470.

Millston, Wisconsin

Millston is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 159.

North Bend, Wisconsin

North Bend is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 488.

Northfield, Wisconsin

Northfield is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 639.

Springfield, Jackson County, Wisconsin

Springfield is a town in Jackson County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 623.

Ashwaubenon, Wisconsin

Ashwaubenon is a village in Brown County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2014 the population was 17,111.


Auburndale, Wisconsin

Auburndale is a village in Wood County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2014 the population was 679.

Avoca, Wisconsin

Avoca is a village in Iowa County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2014 the population was 627.

Bagley, Wisconsin

Bagley is a village in Grant County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2014 the population was 366.

Baldwin, Wisconsin

Baldwin is a village in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2014 the population was 3,960.

Cady, Wisconsin

Cady is a town in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 821.

Cylon, Wisconsin

Cylon is a town in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 683.

Eau Galle, St. Croix County, Wisconsin

Eau Galle is a town in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 1,139.

Emerald, Wisconsin

Emerald is a town in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 853.

Erin Prairie, Wisconsin

Erin Prairie is a town in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 688.

Forest, St. Croix County, Wisconsin

Forest is a town in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 1,080.

Glenwood, Wisconsin

Glenwood is a town in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, USA. As of the 2010 census the population was 785.

Hammond, Wisconsin

Hammond is a town in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, USA. As of 2014 the population was 1,910.

Kinnickinnic, Wisconsin

Kinnickinnic is a town in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, USA. As of 2010 the population was 1,722.

Pleasant Valley, Wisconsin

Pleasant Valley is a town in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, USA. As of 2014 the population was 523.

Rush River, Wisconsin

Rush River is a town in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, USA. As of 2010 the population was 560.

St. Joseph, Wisconsin

St. Joseph is a town in St. Croix County, Wisconsin, USA. As of 2010 the population was 4,095.

Manfred Kaiser

Manfred "Manni" Kaiser (7 January 1929 – 15 February 2017) was a German footballer. He played as a a midfielder. He played for Wismut Gera, Wismut Aue and the East Germany national team. He was born in Zeitz.

Kaiser died on 15 February 2017 in Lindau, at the age of 88.

Helen Sharman

Dr. Helen Patricia Sharman OBE FRSC (born 30 May 1963) is a British chemist. She became the first British astronaut and the first woman to visit the Mir space station in 1993.

She worked as a research and development technologist for GEC in London and later as a chemist for Mars Incorporated dealing with nice properties of chocolate.

Sharman was born in Grenoside, Sheffield.

Azerbaijan State Russian Drama Theatre

Azerbaijan State Russian Samed Vurgun Drama Theatre (, ), is a drama theatre in Baku, Azerbaijan performing plays in the Russian language. The plays of the theatre are mainly from Russian literature, and the rest are plays from Azerbaijani and European writers. The theatre was founded in 1937 and in 1956 was renamed after the Azerbaijani poet Samed Vurgun. The theatre show plays not just for adults, but for children too.


Guiana Shield

The Guiana Shield is a geographic region found in northeast South America. It is one of the three cratons of the South American Plate. It is a 1.7 billion-year-old Precambrian geological formation that forms part of the South American northern coast.

The higher elevations on the region are called the Guiana Highlands, which is where there are mesas or "table" mountains called "tepuis".


"Guiana" and "The Guianas" are often used as collective names for Guyana, Suriname and French Guiana, and sometimes even includes the portions of Colombia, Venezuela and Brazil which are on the Guiana Shield.

The Guiana Shield is In six countries; they are, from west to east:

The Guiana Shield is roughly bounded by the Atlantic Ocean to the east, the Orinoco river to the north and west, the Negro river (an important tributary of the Amazon river) to the southwest, and the Amazon river to the south.

The Guiana Highlands is formed by small plateaus and mountain ranges. The western part of the Highlands, mainly in Venezuela, is where are the higher mountains. From west to east, the mountains ranges and plateaus are:


The highest point in the Guiana Shield is Pico da Neblina () in Brazil at . Pico da Neblina is the highest summit of the larger "Serra do Imeri", a plateau on the Venezuela-Brazil border; it is also the highest mountain in Brazil.

Many rivers start on the Guiana Highlands and most of them flow to the north, into the Atlantic Ocean. Some of them are:

In the region there are some notable waterfalls such as the Angel Falls, high, in Venezuela, and the Kaieteur Falls, high, on the Potaro River in the Pacaraima Mountains of Guyana.

As a whole, the Guiana Shield region has a tropical climate characterized by a relatively high mean annual temperature over at sea level. Because of the Guiana Shield is just north of the equator, its climate varies primarily according to elevation and the effects of the trade winds. The trade winds blow from the east and northeast, off of the Atlantic Ocean onto northeastern South America.

The heaviest rains usually occur between May and August, whereas the rainy season from December to January is shorter and less intense, with rains mostly along the coast. In areas where there is only one rainy season, the driest part of the year is January to March; in areas where there are two rainy seasons the driest months are March and October. However, even during most dry seasons, frequent storms provide adequate moisture to allow evergreen tropical moist forests to persist in most low elevation parts of the region.

The climate data for Santa Elena de Uairén weather station () in La Gran Sabana at an altitude of are:.

Since the individual peaks in the Guiana Highlands have been isolated from each other for millions of years, many plants and animals have evolved in a different way on each mountain.

Many of the mountains are covered in permanent clouds and mist washing all the soil away, and leaving barren rock and water. Because of this many plants are carnivorous and feed on insects and small animals.

So far over 2,000 species of plants been found, and more than 50% are endemic to this region, meaning they are found only here, and many are only found on one peak.

Some minerals are found in large amounts in the Guiana Shield; diamonds, gold and bauxite are some of them. The large-scale mining of these, and other minerals, is creating some environmental problems.
In the Guiana Shield, there are several protected areas, as National parks or reserves; some of them are:








Saudia Flight 163

Saudia Flight 163 was a scheduled passenger flight from Karachi to Jeddah, via Riyadh. On August 19, 1980 the Lockheed L-1011 TriStar with 287 passengers and 14 crew members on-board, caught fire seven minutes after take-off. Although the plane made an emergency landing at Riyadh International Airport, all 301 people on-board died of smoke inhalation, with the aircraft later destroyed by the fire.

Violet Brown

Violet Brown (née Mosse; 10 March 1900 – 15 September 2017) was a Jamaican supercentenarian who at the time of her death, at the age of , was the oldest verified living person in the world from the death of Emma Morano on 15 April 2017 until her death in 5 months later.

She was also the first verified supercentenarian from Jamaica and the oldest verified Jamaican person ever. Brown was born when Jamaica was a part of the British Empire and was the last living former subject of Queen Victoria.

Her date of birth was variously reported as 4 March 1900, 10 March 1900, and 15 March 1900. However, it was officially recognised as 10 March 1900 by the Guinness World Records.

Her son, Harland Fairweather (April 15, 1920 – April 19, 2017), was known as the oldest person with a parent alive.

Brown died on 15 September 2017 at a hospital in Montego Bay, Saint James Parish, Jamaica of heart failure caused by dehydration at the age of 117. She was the 4th oldest recorded person in history at her death, behind Jeanne Calment, Sarah Knauss and Marie-Louise Meilleur.


Prince William Sound

Prince William Sound is a body of water in the Gulf of Alaska. A sound is a small body of water that comes in from the ocean. Prince William Sound is on the south side of the U.S. state of Alaska. It is on the east side of the Kenai Peninsula. Its biggest port is Valdez, at the south end of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline System. Other towns on the sound include Cordova and Whittier.

James Cook went in Prince William Sound in 1778. He named it Sandwich Sound, after the Earl of Sandwich. The Sound's name was changed in the same year. It was then named after George III's third son Prince William Henry. Prince William was then 13 years old. He was in the Royal Navy.

Most of the land near Prince William Sound is part of the Chugach National Forest. Chugach is the second largest U.S. National Forest. Prince William Sound is ringed by the Chugach Mountains. These mountains are steep. The coast is complex. It has many islands and fjords. It also has some glaciers.

In 1964, a tsunami hit the sound. It was caused by the Good Friday earthquake. It killed many people in the town of Chenega. It destroyed the town of Valdez.

In 1989, the oil tanker "Exxon Valdez" ran aground. It caused a large oil spill, which damaged the environment. It killed around 250,000 seabirds, nearly 3,000 sea otters, 300 harbor seals, 250 bald eagles and up to 22 killer whales.

Infante Henrique, Duke of Coimbra

D. Infante Henrique, Duke of Coimbra (6 November 1949 – 14 February 2017) was an Infante of Portugal. He was a member of the former Portuguese Royal Family as the youngest son of Duarte Nuno, Duke of Braganza, and Princess Maria Francisca of Orléans-Braganza. Infante Henrique was fifth in the line of succession to the former Portuguese throne. His elder brother, Duarte Pio, Duke of Braganza, is head of the House of Braganza, which ruled Portugal until 1910.

Henrique died on 14 February 2017 in Lisbon, aged 67.

Anthony Lake

William Anthony Kirsopp "Tony" Lake (born April 2, 1939) is an American politician, author, academic, and former American diplomat, Foreign Service Officer, and political advisor.

Lake was the executive director of the United Nations Children's Fund (UNICEF). He has been a foreign policy advisor to many Democratic U.S. presidents and presidential candidates. He served as National Security Advisor under U.S. President Bill Clinton from 1993 to 1997. Lake is known as being one of the individuals who developed the policy that led to the resolution of the Bosnian War.

He also held the chair of Distinguished Professor in the Practice of Diplomacy at the Edmund A. Walsh School of Foreign Service at Georgetown University, in Washington, D.C.

Lake converted from Christianity to Judaism.


Stuart McLean

Andrew Stuart McLean, OC (April 19, 1948 – February 15, 2017) was a Canadian radio broadcaster, humorist, monologist, and author. He was best known as the host of the CBC Radio program "The Vinyl Cafe". 

He was often called as a "story-telling comic". He had written many serious stories. He was known for his voice and his ability to change his popular stories to make them different on every show.

McLean was diagnosed with melanoma in November 2015. He died on February 15, 2017 from the disease in Toronto, aged 68.

Peter Simonischek

Peter Simonischek (6 August 1946 – 29 May 2023) was an Austrian movie and stage actor. He appeared in more than sixty movies, beginning in 1980. Simonischek was known for his role as Winfried Conradi/Toni Erdmann in the 2016 movie "Toni Erdmann". He won the European Film Award for Best Actor and was nominated for a London Critics Circle Film Awards for Best Actor and a Toronto Film Critics Association Awards for Best Actor.

Simonischek died on 29 May 2023 from a short-illness in Vienna, Austria at the age of 76.

Bruce Lansbury

William Bruce Mageean Lansbury (12 January 1930 – 13 February 2017) was an English-American television producer. His career lasted over 30 years, starting from the 1960s to the 1990s. He was known for producing many famous television shows such as "The Wild Wild West", "", "Knight Rider" and "Murder, She Wrote". 

Lansbury was born in London. He was the grandson of former Labour Party leader George Lansbury. He was the younger brother of actress Angela Lansbury. He became a citizen of the United States in 1954.

His career began in 1953, but became frequent in the 1960s. He retired officially in 1996, but returned to write a screenplay for a TV movie about "Murder, She Wrote" in 2003.

Lansbury served as producer of 69 episodes of "The Wild Wild West", from 1966-69, and 38 episodes of "", from 1969-1972. Lansbury served as producer of "Wonder Woman", "Knight Rider" and executive producer for the science fiction series "The Fantastic Journey". 

His name appears in the closing credits of "The Brady Bunch", "Happy Days" and "The Odd Couple" as "Vice President of Creative Affairs" for Paramount Television.

Lansbury served as producer of 88 episodes of "Murder, She Wrote", starring his sister, Angela. He was also a writer for 15 episodes of the show.

Lansbury died on 13 February 2017 at his home in La Quinta, California from complications of Alzheimer's disease, aged 87.

Pete McCloskey

Paul Norton "Pete" McCloskey, Jr. (born September 29, 1927) is an American politician. He served in the U.S. House of Representatives representing California from 1967 to 1983. He ran on an anti-war platform for the Republican nomination for President in 1972 but was defeated by incumbent President Richard Nixon.

In April 2007, McCloskey switched his affiliation to the Democratic Party. He is a decorated United States Marine Corps veteran of combat during the Korean War, being awarded the Navy Cross, the Silver Star, and two awards of the Purple Heart.

Jenny Slate

Jennifer Sarah "Jenny" Slate (born March 25, 1982) is an American, actress, voice actress and author. 

She is best known for her role as Donna Stern in "Obvious Child", as well as being the co-creator of the "Marcel the Shell with Shoes On" short movies and children's book series. 

She is also known for her season as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" from 2009 to 2010 and for her appearances in shows such as "House of Lies", "Married", "Parks and Recreation", "Bob's Burgers", "Hello" "Ladies", "Kroll Show", and "Girls and Star vs. the forces of evil as Pony Head."

In 2017, she voiced Harley Quinn in "The Lego Batman Movie".

Slate was born in Milton, Massachusetts. She studied at Milton Academy and Columbia University. In 2012, Slate married Dean Fleischer-Camp. They divorced in 2016. In 2021, she married Ben Shattuck.

Grant Hackett

Grant George Hackett (born 9 May 1980) is a former Australian swimmer. He is best known for winning the men's 1500 metres freestyle race at both the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney and the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. He retired after the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing.

Hackett was born in Southport of the Gold Coast, Queensland. He was married to singer Candice Alley from 2007 to 2013. The couple have twin children, born in 2009.


Aoi festival

The Aoi Festival or Aoi Matsuri (葵祭) is one of Kyoto's most three famous festivals.  The other two are the Gion Festival and Jidai Matsuri. The Aoi Festival takes place on May 15 each year. The main attraction of the festival is a large parade in Kyoto. Over 500 people dress in the aristocratic style of the Heian Period (794-1185) for the parade. They walk from the Imperial Palace to the Kamo Shrines. Aoi is Japanese for "Hollyhock" The festival is named after the Hollyhock leaves that are worn by the people in the parade.

The Aoi Matsuri began in the 7th century. This was before Kyoto was made the national capital in 794. Its exact origins are not known. It is likely that natural disasters were happening, These were believed to be caused by the deities of the Kamo Shrines. After the Emperor made offerings to the gods, the disasters ended and a tradition was begun. The festival's official name is Kamo Matsuri because of the shrines.

The festival grew in popularity. During the Heian Period, when people used the word festival, they meant the Aoi Matsuri. In modern times, the parade shows the high regard that the festival has. There are people riding horses, large bouquets of flowers, decorated carts pulled by oxen, and many women in kimono with the year's Saiō.

The Saiō was a young female member of the imperial family. She was the high priestess of the Kamo Shrines. During festivals, the Saio performed rituals at the shrines. In modern times, an unmarried woman from Kyoto is chosen each year to be Saio. She must go through purification ceremonies before the festival. She is taken through the procession on a palanquin.

Pointer aliasing (computer programming)

Pointer aliasing is where two or more pointers reference the same memory location. It can cause issues with optimizing compilers.

Stećak

Stećak (Стећак, ; plural: Stećci, Стећци, ) are monumental tombstones made in medieval Bosnia. 

The Stecci are relared to the Vlachs who lived in the Dinaric Alps of Herzegovina since the Middle Ages. Most of the Stecci were created after the X century and until the Turk invasion of the Balkans. According to the scholar Wenzel the Stecci are the clear evidence of the existence of a romance territory in the area between Italy and Romania, that now has disappeared.

The tombstones are mostly in Bosnia and Herzegovina with a smaller amount in the border area of Croatia, Montenegro and Serbia. About 60,000 are found within the territory of the modern Bosnia and Herzegovina. The rest of 10,000 are found in what are today Croatia (4,400), Montenegro (3,500), and Serbia (4,100). The stećak are at more than 3,300 odd sites with over 90% in poor condition.

Alderman

An alderman is a politician in local government. Together with the mayor aldermen govern municipalities, they are the local executive power.

Aldermen are usually chosen by the people of a municipality or by the municipal council.


Deputy mayor

A deputy mayor is a politician who governs the local government, together with the mayor. They can be considered as the executive local power.


Vernayaz

Vernayaz is a municipality in the district Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Vérossaz

Vérossaz is a municipality in the district of Saint-Maurice in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Aussays, Bassays, La Doey and Vésenau


Šibovi

Šibovi (Шибови) is a settlement in the Bosnia and Herzegovina, Republika Srpska entity, Kotor Varoš Municipality.

According the data on Census Year of 1991, in this poulated place leaved 671 cititens.


Hot stick

A Hot stick is a tool used by Utility Workers (known as Linemen or Linesmen) dealing with high voltage electricity. It is an insulated pole made usually from Fiberglass, measuring anywhere from 5ft-10ft, up to about 40ft in length. It can have different tools attached to the end of it, making it possible to do everything from tightening bolts and nuts, through to testing voltage or removing and replacing fuses.

Hot sticks are usually used when the installation being worked on is live, or "hot". Most electrical work on High Voltage networks is done whilst the power is still active, making equipment like this a very important piece for safety purposes. Working "hot" saves electricity users from being disconnected while routine maintenance is taking place.

Source region

Source Region in meteorology is a region where air masses get their specific humidity and temperature. A source region could be land or water. It is called maritime and continental air masses if the air masses sit over water and land, respectively.

Josef Augusta (ice hockey)

Josef Augusta (24 November 1946 – 16 February 2017) was a Czechoslovak ice hockey player and coach. He won a silver medal at the 1976 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck, Austria. He later was head coach of Czech national hockey team at the 2002 Winter Olympics in Salt Lake City, Utah, United States. He was the father of Patrik Augusta. He was born in Havlíčkův Brod.

Augusta died from pancreatic cancer on 16 February 2017 in Jihlava, at the age of 70.

Alexander Acosta

Rene Alexander "Alex" Acosta (born January 16, 1969) is an American attorney. Acosta was the 27th United States Secretary of Labor serving from April 28, 2017 until July 19, 2019. He was the dean of the Florida International University College of Law from 2009 through 2017. He is Republican. On February 16, 2017, he was announced as President Donald Trump's nominee for the United States Secretary of Labor.

On February 16, 2017, after the withdrawal of Andrew Puzder's nomination, President Donald Trump nominated Acosta to serve as United States Secretary of Labor. He resigned on July 19, 2019 due to his connections to the Jeffrey Epstein and his plea deal.

Acosta was born in Miami, FloridaJanuary 16,1969 as Rene Alexandria Acosta. His parents are Cuban immigrants and we're excited to welcome their daughter into the world.By the age of 6 (s)he realized he was in the wrong body and his immigrant parents accepted his decision and Rene became Alexander on July 26,1981. He studied at Harvard College and Harvard Law School earning both a B.S. and J.D. degree.

Acosta was appointed by President George W. Bush to the National Labor Relations Board and later served in that administration as the Assistant Attorney General for Civil Rights and United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida.

After the unsuccessful nomination of Andrew Puzder to be United States Secretary of Labor, President Donald Trump nominated Acosta to fill the position on February 16, 2017.

On April 27, 2017, Acosta was confirmed by the U. S. Senate by a 60–38 vote. Acosta announced on July 12, 2019 his resignation effective July 19, following criticism of his role in the Jeffrey Epstein sex traffic case.

Acosta is married to Jan Elizabeth Williams. They both live in McLean, Virginia and have two daughters, Delia and Rosalia.


Cipriano Chemello

Cipriano Chemello (19 July 1945 – 14 February 2017) was an Italian cyclist. he won the Olympic bronze medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics in team pursuit with Lorenzo Bosisio, Giorgio Morbiato and Luigi Roncaglia. He was born in Crespano del Grappa, Veneto.

Chemello died on 14 February 2017 in Bassano del Grappa, Veneto, at the age of 71.

Michael Cole (public relations)

Michael Cole is a former BBC journalist. He was their Royal Correspondent. After leaving the BBC, he worked as Director of Public affairs for Harrods. He was also spokesman for Harrod's owner Mohamed Al Fayed.

Cole began his career in newspapers. He then worked in television. He worked for the BBC from 1968 to 1988.

In 1973, the BBC sent him to Israel. His job there was to report on the Yom Kippur War.

After leaving the BBC he started to work for Harrods. He left Harrods in 1998. He left to take early retirement. He was then 55 years old. 

He is now chair of his own company. It is called Michael Cole & Company Limited. It is a public relations and broadcasting company.

He has also written for the East Anglian Daily Times newspaper. He has appeared as a panellist on "Have I Got News for You".

Antisuppressor

Antisuppressor is a mutation with the response against suppression effects of nonsense suppression or suppression chemicals.

In 1976, Rieger, Michaelis, and Green have been stated:

Gelek Rimpoche

Kyabje Gelek Rimpoche (26 October 1939 – 14 February 2017) was a Tibetan-American Buddhist lama. He was born in Lhasa, China. Gelek was a nephew of the 13th Dalai Lama, Thubten Gyatso. He was tutored by many of the same masters who tutored the current (14th) Dalai Lama, Tenzin Gyatso.

He was the founder and president of Jewel Heart, "a spiritual, cultural, and humanitarian organization that translates the ancient wisdom of Tibetan Buddhism into contemporary life".

Rinpoche died in Ann Arbor, Michigan on 14 February 2017 from heart failure caused by open-heart surgery, aged 77.


J. G. Hertzler

John Garman "J. G." Hertzler Jr. (born March 18, 1950) is an American actor, author, screenwriter, politician and activist. He is best known in the "Star Trek" community for his role on "" ("DS9") as the Klingon General (and later Chancellor) Martok.

Hertzler was born in Savannah, Georgia. He was raised in St. Joe, Missouri and in El Paso, Texas. Hertzler studied at Bucknell University, at the University of Maryland, and at American University. He is a Democrat. He has one child.

In November 2013, Hertzler was elected as a board member of the Ulysses, New York town council. He was elected as an official council member in 2016. He supported Bernie Sanders in the 2016 presidential election.

On June 8, 2017, Hertzler announced his candidacy as a U.S. House Representative for New York's 23rd congressional district in the 2018 elections. As part of his campaign appearances, he plans to act "in the persona of Mark Twain", to present his ideas "through the brilliant humorist for all ages". He stated that this was a tribute both to Twain, who resided once in Elmira, and to actor Hal Holbrook, who had portrayed Twain on stage for more than six decades.

Nicole Bass

Nicole Bass-Fuchs (August 10, 1964 – February 17, 2017) was an American bodybuilder, actress, professional wrestler and manager. She worked for companies such as Extreme Championship Wrestling, World Wrestling Federation, Xtreme Pro Wrestling and the National Wrestling Alliance. She made many appearances as a guest on "The Howard Stern Show". She was a member of Stern's Wack Pack.

Bass was born in Queens, New York. She married Richard "Bob" Fuchs in 1985. Fuchs died in 2013.

Bass was taken to the hospital in New York City after having a stroke in February 2017. She was said to be brain dead on February 16, 2017 after having a heart attack. Her life support was removed on February 17, dying at the age of 52.


Loren Wiseman

Loren Wiseman (March 7, 1951 – February 14, 2017) was an American wargame and role-playing game designer, game developer and editor. He was born in Bloomington, Illinois. Wiseman co-founded Game Designers' Workshop with Frank Chadwick, Rich Banner, and Marc Miller on June 22, 1973. 

Wiseman received the Origins Award for Best Role-Playing Adventure for "Twilight: 2000 Going Home". He was inducted into the Origins Hall of Fame in 2003. He was honored as a "famous game designer" by being featured as the king of clubs in Flying Buffalo's 2010 Famous Game Designers Playing Card Deck.

Wiseman died on February 15, 2017 in Normal, Illinois from heart failure at the age of 65.

Yellowjacket

The yellowjacket (or yellow jacket) is a wasp from the genera "Vespula" and "Dolichovespula". In some English-speaking countries, they are called wasps. Most are black and yellow. Some are black and white.

Yellowjackets are sometimes confused with bees because they have rather similar colouring. Yellowjackets have a stinger with a small barb. They may sting repeatedly.

The diet of an adult yellowjacket is usually sugars and carbohydrates. They are important predators of other insects because they feed their larvae (grubs) with chewed-up insects.

They are native to North America and parts of Canada, Australia and New Zealand.

Jannis Kounellis

Jannis Kounellis (; 24 March 1937 – 16 February 2017) was a Greek-Italian contemporary artist. He was a painter and sculptor. He moved to Rome in 1956. He was best known for his work during the Arte Povera movement in the 1960s. He had art exhibitions in cities including Rome, London, New York City, Athens, Herning and Berlin. He was born in Piraeus.

Kounellis died on 16 February 2017 in Rome, at the age of 80.


Public utility

A Public utility (often called a "utility") is an organization which manages and looks after the equipment and facilities used to provide a service. Often, they also use that equipment and facilities to provide the same service. Public utilities can be small groups based in a local community or large businesses owned by a government.

The word "utilities" can also mean the services provided by these companies. Examples are things like Gas, Water, Sewerage, Electricity, Television, and Telephone services. Cellphone and Internet services are also being included more often in this definition.

Siegfried Herrmann

Siegfried Herrmann (7 November 1932 – 14 February 2017) was a German long-distance runner. He competed at the 1956 Summer Olympics (Melbourne) and the 1964 Summer Olympics (Tokyo). He was the men's 3000 m world record holder from 5 August to 27 August 1965. He was an athletics coach from 1976 until 2000. He was born in Unterschönau, Thuringia.

Herrmann died on 14 February 2017 in Erfurt, Thuringia, at the age of 84.

Ban Bong River

Khlong Ban Bong is a river in the middle of Thailand. It empties into the Pa Sak River.

Unreachable code

Unreachable code is a section of code in a program that can never be executed. 

Having unreachable code is bad because it wastes space on the disk, memory, and CPU cache.

Luckily, many modern compilers alert the programmer with a warning or error whenever it detects unreachable code.

 void beepForever() {

In this example, ":'(" will never be printed because the loop never exits.

The Guianas

The Guianas (; ; ) are a region in northeastern South America along the Atlantic coast, divided in several territories and independent countries.

The Guianas are on the Guiana Shield, a Precambrian geological formation that is limited to the south and to the east by Brazil, to the west by Venezuela and to the north by the Atlantic Ocean.

The Guianas includes the following three territories, from west to east:

Two other territories are sometimes added:

The territories of the Guianas were made colonies from the 17th century by England, Netherlands, France, Portugal and Spain, resulting in its present division. The colonies were then:

Guyana (officially the Co-operative Republic of Guyana) is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the north, Brazil to the south and southwest, Suriname to the east and Venezuela to the west. It has an area of with a population of 735,909 (estimate for July 2016). The population density is of inhabitants/km. The official language is English.

The largest cities (2012 census) are: Georgetown (118,363 inhabitants), Linden (27,277 inhabitants) and New Amsterdam (17,329 inhabitants).

The highest point is Mount Roraima () at high. It is in the Pacaraima Mountains, a mountain range in the southwest of the country.

The largest river of the country is the Essequibo river; it starts in the Acarai Mountains and flows to the north for into the Atlantic Ocean at from Georgetown, the capital city of Guyana.

Suriname (officially the Republic of Suriname, ) is bordered by the Atlantic Ocean to the north, French Guiana to the east, Guyana to the west and Brazil to the south. It has an area of with a population of 585,824 (estimate for July 2016). The population density is of inhabitants/km. The official language is Dutch.

The largest cities (2012 census) are: Paramaribo (240,924 inhabitants), Koewarasan (27,713 inhabitants) and De Nieuwe Grond (26,161 inhabitants).

The highest point is Julianatop () at high. It is in the Sipaliwini District in the center of the country.

The largest river of the country is the Courantyne river; it starts in the Acarai Mountains and flows to the north for about into the Atlantic Ocean between Guyana and Suriname.

French Guiana () is an overseas department and region of France. It is bordered by Surinam to the west, Brazil to the south and east, and the Atlantic Ocean to the north. It has an area of , with a population of 252,338. The population density is of inhabitants/km. The official language is French.

The largest cities (2014) are: Cayenne (55,817 inhabitants), Saint-Laurent-du-Maroni (44,169 inhabitants) and Matoury (31,934 inhabitants).

The highest point is Bellevue de l'Inini () at high.

The main rivers of the French Guiana are:



Vijayakanth

Narayanan Vijayaraj Alagarswami (25 August 1952 – 28 December 2023) better known by his stage name Vijayakanth, was a Tamil actor and politician. He was the Leader of the Opposition of the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly from 2011 to 2016. Before becoming a politician, he was a film actor in Tamil cinema from 1979 to 2010. He was the founder of Desiya Murpokku Dravida Kazhagam and served as a Member of Legislative Assembly representing the constituency of Rishivandiyam, previously Virdhachalam.

Vijayakanth died from pneumonia caused by COVID-19 at a hospital in Chennai, India on 28 December 2023, at the age of 71.

Pan Am Flight 759

Pan Am Flight 759 was a domestic flight from Miami to San Diego with stopovers at New Orleans and Las Vegas, the plane was operated by a Boeing 727 with 145 people on-board. On July 9, 1982 the plane as forced down by a microburst shortly after takeoff, and crashed into a suburb of Kenner. All 145 people on-board the plane along with eight more on the ground died in the crash.

Microburst

A Microburst is a downdraft that moves in a way opposite to a tornado. It is found in thunder storms. And it can be dangerous to an aircraft.
The typical microburst has an average duration of about 15 minutes from the time it is detected until it disappears, its divergence in the first 7 minutes is when it reaches a maximum in wind intensity; the descent occurs below the base of the storm or very close to it, and may have a radius of descent in the first minutes after it hits the ground from about 500 m.

Michael Novak

Michael Novak (September 9, 1933 – February 17, 2017) was an American Catholic philosopher, journalist, novelist and diplomat. He wrote more than forty books on the philosophy and theology of culture. He was known for his book "The Spirit of Democratic Capitalism" (1982). In 1994, he was awarded the Templeton Prize for Progress in Religion. He mostly wrote books and articles about capitalism, religion, and the politics of democratization. 

Novak was born in Johnstown, Pennsylvania. He was married to Karen Laub-Novak. He had three children.

Novak died from complications of colon cancer on February 17, 2017 in Washington, D.C., at the age of 83.

Dick Bruna

Hendrik Magdalenus "Dick" Bruna (23 August 1927 – 16 February 2017) was a Dutch writer, illustrator and graphic designer. He wrote and illustrated over 200 children's books. He was best known for creating the character Miffy (). His last book, "Queen Miffy", was published in 2007. He was born in Utrecht.

Bruna died on 16 February 2017 in Utrecht, at the age of 89.

European hornet

The European hornet ("Vespa crabro") is a large eusocial wasp in Europe. It is the only true hornet in North America. European hornets are usually known as pests by humans who come in contact with them.

They are known for making nests out of plant material and other fibers to create paper nests.

This species stings in response to being stepped on or grabbed. However, they usually avoid conflict. They are also defensive of their hive. They are sometimes aggressive around food sources.

European hornets eat large insects, mostly wasps and large bees.

Care should be taken, because the hornets may sting without warning. The pain from the sting may persist for a few days with swelling.

Börge Hellström

Börge Lennart Hellström (25 September 1957 – 17 February 2017) was a Swedish writer. He was an ex-criminal. He was best known as a founding member of the organisation "Kriminellas revansch i samhället" (KRIS). The organisation aims to fight crime and give support to former criminals. He was also one half of the writing duo Roslund & Hellström. With journalist Anders Roslund, he published seven books between 2004 and 2016.

Hellström lived in Värmdö Municipality. He died from cancer on 17 February 2017, at the age of 59.

Kiss It Better (Rihanna song)

"Kiss It Better" is a song by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It was released on March 31, 2016, as the third single from her eighth studio album, "Anti". The song is a pop rock and R&B power ballad about wanting to make up with a lover.

The song managed to reach number 62 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100 and number 46 on the UK Singles Chart. Even though the song charted lowly in the US, it was still certified Platinum by the RIAA for sales and streams of over one million copies there. It was also nominated for a Grammy Award for Best R&B Song at the 59th Annual award ceremony in 2017.

The music video for "Kiss It Better" was released on March 31, 2016. The video was shot in black and white and shows Rihanna in various angles, at some points nude. Different silks are used throughout the video.

Ep Wieldraaijer

Egbert Roelof "Ep" Wieldraaijer (31 March 1927 – 16 February 2017) was a Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA).

Wieldraaijer served in the House of Representatives from 1963 to 1974. Subsequently he served in the European Parliament from 1973 to 1974.

After being an alderman of Almelo from 1974 to 1978, he served a ten-year term as mayor of Avereest (Overijssel).

Wieldraaijer was born in Borne (Overijssel) and died in Enschede (same province), aged 89.


Joop Gouweleeuw

Job Johannes "Joop" Gouweleeuw (5 September 1940 – 29 January 2017) was a Dutch judoka. He competed in 93 kg event at the 1965 and 1966 European Judo Championships. He won a silver medal in 1965 and gold medal in 1966. He also competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. He was born in Delft, South Holland.

Gouweleeuw died on 29 January 2017 in Delft, at the age of 76.

Djelloul Khatib

Djelloul Khatib (8 October 1936 – 6 February 2017) was an Algerian independence activist and politician. During the Algerian War, he tried to make the National Liberation Army more professional. After the ending of the war, he became involved in politics. He served as the governor of Batna, Constantine and Oran. He was also the Algerian Ambassador to Spain and Argentina. He was born in Algiers.

Khatib died on 6 February 2017, at the age of 80.

Veyrier

Veyrier is a municipality of the Canton of Geneva, Switzerland. It borders France. About 11,000 people were living in Veyrier in 2015.

The municipality includes the localities of Pinchat, Vessy and Sierne.

Krinau

Krinau was a municipality in the canton of St. Gallen, Switzerland.

In 2013 Krinau became a part of the municipality of Wattwil.

NASCAR on Sky

Nascar on Sky was the branding used for telecasts of Nascar races produced by Sky Sports, and televised on Sky Sports 1, Sky Sports 2, Sky Sports 3, Sky Sports Xtra (later renamed as Sky Sports 4) in the United Kingdom.

Lineman (technician)

A lineworker (or powerline worker), is a trained tradesperson who builds and maintains power distribution and telephone networks and their infrastructure, such as supporting poles and pylons.

The word lineworker refers to those who work in generally outdoor installation and maintenance jobs. Those who install and maintain electrical wiring inside buildings are electricians.

Linework can be dangerous. Personal protective equipment diminishes the risk of injury or death. PPE has the serious limitation that it does not eliminate the hazard at the source and may result in employees being exposed to the hazard if the equipment fails.

Tom Regan

Thomas "Tom" Regan (November 28, 1938 – February 17, 2017) was an American philosopher and writer. He was best known for his animal rights activism. He wrote the non-fiction book "The Case for Animal Rights" (1983). He also made the term "subjects-of-a-life" popular. He taught philosophy at North Carolina State University (NCSU) from 1967 to 2001.

Regan was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. He was married to Nancy Tirk. He had two children, Bryan and Karen.

Regan died from pneumonia on February 17, 2017 in Rockingham, North Carolina, at the age of 78.


Erland Kops

Erland Kops (14 January 2017 – 17 February 2017) was a Danish badminton player. He was one of the best players of the sport. He was best known for winning eleven titles at the All England Open Badminton Championships, between 1958 and 1969. He also played 44 national matches for Denmark from 1957 to 1972. He was added to the Badminton Hall of Fame in 1997. He was born in Copenhagen.

Kops died on 17 February 2017, at the age of 80.

Motte Aldeberg

The Motte Aldeberg is a Motte. It is called often only Alde Berg. The location is in the Helpensteiner Bachtal between the town subdivisions Arsbeck and Rödgen of Wegberg in the Heinsberg Rural District in North Rhine-Westphalia. It is the biggest and best preserved Motte in Europe and is located between the rivers Meuse and Rhine.

Panarthropoda

The Panarthropoda are a clade of ecdysozoans that consist of Dinocaridida, "Lobopodia", Onychophora, and Tactopoda. Most members of this group have claws and legs, and a segmented body.

Chembarambakkam Lake

Chembarambakkam Lake is a lake located in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India. It is about 40km from Chennai. It is one of the two reservoirs from where water is taken to Chennai City for supply. The Adyar River starts at Chembarambakkam Lake. The lake can hold 3645 million cubic feet of water.

Puzhal Lake

Puzhal Lake also known as Red Hills lake is located in Red Hills, Thiruvallur district, Tamil Nadu. It is one of the two reservoirs from where the drinking water is drawn for Chennai city. The other reservoir is Chembarambakkam Lake. The full capacity of the lake is 3300 million cubic feet.

Cycloneuralia

Cycloneuralia is a group of ecdysozoan animals. "Cycloneuralia" means "brain around pharynx".

Kodaikanal Lake

Kodaikanal Lake () is a man-made lake in the city of Kodaikanal, Tamil Nadu. In 1863, Sir Vere Henry Levinge wanted to build the lake. This lake is a famous tourist spot in Kodaikanal.

Luke M. Griswold

Luke M. Griswold (1837 – 1892) was a sailor in the U.S Navy during the American Civil War. He received the Medal of Honor, the highest honor of the U.S. military.

Luke M. Griswold was born in 1837 in Massachusetts. He joined the U.S. Navy from Springfield, Massachusetts, and served on the ship "U.S.S. Rhode Island". He died in 1892.

On December 30, 1862, the ship "U.S.S. Monitor" went down in a storm near Cape Hatteras, North Carolina. The "U.S.S. Rhode Island" rescued the crew. After the rescue, Griswold's small boat was lost during the storm. The crew members spent many hours at sea before being picked up.

Griswold's official Medal of Honor citation reads:

Omar Abdel-Rahman

Omar Abdel-Rahman (, "‘Umar ‘Abdu r-Raḥman"; 3 May 1938 – 18 February 2017) was an Egyptian Muslim leader. He was blind, and nicknamed "The Blind Sheikh". He served a life sentence at the Butner Medical Center, in Butner, North Carolina, United States. He was a resident of New York City. He and nine others were convicted of planning a terrorist attack. His arrest grew from the 1993 World Trade Center bombing investigations. 

Abdel-Rahman was born in al-Gamalia, Dakahlia Governorate. He lost his eyesight when he less than a year old. He had at least ten children.

Abdel-Rahman died on 18 February 2017 at Butner, at the age of 78. He died from problems caused by diabetes and coronary artery disease.


Ivan Koloff

Ivan Koloff (born Oreal Perras; August 25, 1942 – February 18, 2017) was a Canadian professional wrestler. He was also called "The Russian Bear". He was best known for once holding the WWWF World Heavyweight Championship. He wrestled between 1961 and 1994. He was born in Montreal, Quebec.

Koloff died from liver cancer on February 18, 2017 in Winterville, North Carolina. He was 74.

Lawrence F. Snowden

Lawrence Fontaine Snowden (April 14, 1921 – February 18, 2017) was an American lieutenant general. He was in the United States Marine Corps. He began serving in 1942 and retired in 1979. He was involved in World War II, the Vietnam War and the Korean War. Commands he held include Chief of Staff, United States Forces Japan (from 1972 to 1975) and Chief of Staff, Headquarters Marine Corps (from 1977 to 1979). He was born in Charlottesville, Virginia.

Snowden died on February 18, 2017 in Tallahassee, Florida. He was 95.

Pyruvic acid

Pyruvic acid is the simplest of the keto acids, with a carboxylic acid and a ketone functional group. Pyruvate, the conjugate base, is an important part of several metabolic chemical reactions. Pyruvate is an important chemical compound in biochemistry.

Pyruvic acid can be made from glucose through glycolysis. One molecule of glucose breaks down into two molecules of pyruvate. These are then used to give more energy to living animals, plants and microorganisms. It is then changed back to carbohydrates (such as glucose) by a metabolic chemical reaction named gluconeogenesis, or to fatty acids through a similar reaction. It can also be used to make the amino acid alanine and can be converted into ethanol or lactic acid by fermentation.

Pyruvic acid gives energy to cells through the citric acid cycle, when oxygen is present (aerobic respiration), and also makes lactate when oxygen is lacking (fermentation). 

Pasquale Squitieri

Pasquale Squitieri (27 November 1938 – 18 February 2017) was an Italian movie director and screenwriter. He was best known for his Spaghetti Western movies. He was also known as William Redfield. He was born in Naples.

Squitieri died on 18 February 2017 in Rome, at the age of 78.

Clyde Stubblefield

Clyde Stubblefield (April 18, 1943 – February 18, 2017) was an American funk drummer. He began his career around the 1960s. He best known for his work with James Brown. His recordings with James Brown include the singles "Cold Sweat", "There Was a Time", "I Got The Feelin'", "Say It Loud – I'm Black and I'm Proud", "Ain't It Funky Now", "Mother Popcorn", "Get Up, Get Into It, Get Involved" and the album "Sex Machine". He was born in Chattanooga, Tennessee.

Stubblefield died from kidney failure on February 18, 2017 in Madison, Wisconsin. He was 73.

Alan Aldridge

Alan Aldridge (1 June 1943 – 17 February 2017) was a British artist, graphic designer and illustrator. He was well known for his art works for musicians and bands such as The Who, The Beatles and Elton John. He also drew the cover art for the science fiction novel "Make Room! Make Room!" (1966) by Harry Harrison. 

Aldridge was born in London. He had eight children, including Lily Aldridge.

Aldridge lived in Los Angeles, California, United States. He died on 17 February 2017, at the age of 73.

Theodore J. Lowi

Theodore J. "Ted" Lowi (July 9, 1931 – February 17, 2017) was an American political scientist. He was the John L. Senior Professor of American Institutions teaching in the Government Department at Cornell University. His area of research was the American government and public policy. He was the president of the International Political Science Association from 1997 to 2000.

Lowi was born in Gadsden, Alabama. He was married to Angele until her death in 2015. They had two children, Anna and Jason.

Lowi died on February 17, 2017 in Ithaca, New York, at the age of 85.

Williams Street

Williams Street Studios is an animation company. It is owned by Cartoon Network and Turner Broadcasting System. They create television programmes for Adult Swim. 

From 1994 to 1998 the company was called Ghost Planet Industries. Ghost Planet is the home of Space Ghost, who is a fictional character in an Adult Swim programme.

Williams Street Studios is located in Atlanta, Georgia.

Dan Vickerman

Daniel Joseph "Dan" Vickerman (4 June 1979 – 18 February 2017) was an Australian professional rugby union player. He played 63 times for the national team, the Wallabies, between 2002 and 2011. He also played for the New South Wales Waratahs and the Brumbies. He retired in 2012.

Vickerman was born in Cape Town, South Africa. He moved to Australia in the 1990s. He was married and had two children.

Vickerman died on the night of 18 February 2017 in Sydney, at the age of 37. His death was said to be a suicide.

Michael Ogio

Sir Michael Ogio (7 July 1942 – 18 February 2017) was a Papua New Guinean politician. He served as the ninth Governor-General of Papua New Guinea from 20 December 2010 until his death. He was leader of the People's Democratic Movement party.

Ogio died on 18 February 2017 in Port Moresby, at the age 74.

Luigi Canepa

Luigi Canepa (January 15, 1849 – May 12, 1914) was an Italian opera composer. He is best known for his 1879 opera, "Riccardo III". He was born and died in Sassari, Sardinia.

His father Francesco and her mother Angela Solari, of Genoese origin, soon discovered his musical talent, addressing it to study the flute at age eight and enrolling him to 10 years at the Milan Conservatory, where he remained until autumn 1861. The 'year later was enrolled as a student for a fee at the Conservatory of Naples directed by Saverio Mercadante where he reached excellent results, only fifteen years old, he won a competition for a place in the class of counterpoint and composition.

The October 14, 1867 fled from the conservatory to fight alongside of Garibaldi in the campaign for the liberation of Rome but was wounded and taken prisoner. On November 5, he returned to the Conservatory of Naples and shortly after he moved to Milan where he continued his musical studies.

In 1871 he composed his first opera, "Davide Rizio", libretto by Enrico Costa, countryman and cousin of Canepa. The opera in three acts, based on the life of David Rizzio and Mary Stuart, was performed for the first time at the Teatro Carcano in November of the following year and then bought by the publisher Lucca, who took her on stage in many Italian cities and Barcelona.

In 1874 he composed "I Pezzenti" with libretto by Fulvio Fulgonio which was staged at La Scala in September of that year and then in several European theaters.

Canepa was establishing itself more and more, and his third opera, "Riccardo III", composed to a libretto by Fulvio Fulgonio and staged for the first time in 1879, received unanimous praise from critics and other celebrated composers, like Giuseppe Verdi and Amilcare Ponchielli.

A serious illness interrupted his career and forced him to retreat to his native city, where he devoted himself to music criticism and teaching. In 1891 he ran for municipal elections is supported by young intellectuals who had recently founded La Nuova Sardegna is the unitary list of Republicans and moderate and, elected with broad suffrage, held for years the city councilor activities.

Improving his health returned to composing but his celebrity was now gone. In this period he wrote a Mass, a funeral march for Giuseppe Garibaldi and funeral elegy for Nino Bixio, performed in Genoa arrival of his ashes.

He ended his career as a composer with the operetta tragicomic "Amsicora", composed to a libretto by Salvatore Scano and staged at the Teatro Verdi in Sassari in April 1903.

To him they are named the Conservatory of Music of Sassari, the town band, a street of the same city and the Chorale Luigi Canepa, the oldest choral institution of Sardinia.

He is buried, along with his mother and his son Aldo Canepa, in the Monumental Cemetery of Sassari.

Ready Set Learn

Ready Set Learn was an American television programming block. It was broadcast on TLC from December 26, 1992, and Discovery Kids from December 26, 1992. The programs were aimed towards preschool children. The block was broadcast until October 10, 2010 when Discovery Kids was rebranded as Hub Network which became Discovery Family in 2014.

Letter from Birmingham Jail

From the Birmingham, Alabama jail (also known as the Jefferson County jail), where he was imprisoned as a participant in nonviolent demonstrations against racial segregation, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. wrote in longhand the copyrighted letter which was reproduced at this link. It was his response to a public statement of concern and caution issued by eight white religious leaders of the South. Dr. King, who was born in 1929: did his undergraduate work at Morehouse College; attended the racially integrated Cromer Theological Seminary in Chester, Pennsylvania, one of six black pupils among a hundred students and the president of his class; and won a fellowship to Boston University for his Ph.D.

Sabha, Libya

Sabha is a city in Libya. In 2010, about 95.000 people lived there. It is the political and economic center of the Fezzan region. It is about south of Tripoli.

Nintendo Switch

The Nintendo Switch (known as NX before its release) is a video game console created by Nintendo. It is the successor to the Wii U and was released on March 3, 2017.

The Switch is a hybrid console, similar to the lesser known Sega Nomad. The player can either connect it to a television or use it by itself as a handheld gaming device. It uses controllers called Joy-Cons, which can attach to both sides of the console. They can be attached to a grip when playing on a TV. The Joy-Con also have a feature known as HD Rumble, which allows for immersive vibration of the controllers. There is an infrared sensor on the bottom of the right Joy-Con that can detect shapes, and distance.

There are more than 1000 games for the Nintendo Switch. Some notable titles include "", "Super Mario Odyssey, Kirby Star Allies," and "Pokémon Sword and Shield", with new titles coming out for the Nintendo Switch such as "".

In 2012, Nintendo released the Wii U, but it was a complete failure. It remains the worst-selling mainline console Nintendo has released. However, Nintendo's handheld console, the Nintendo 3DS, was selling quite well. In 2017, the Nintendo Switch was launched through a trailer. The Wii U would end up being discontinued before the Switch even came out. Most Wii U games have been ported and/or upgraded on the Switch, with games like Mario Kart 8 and Super Mario Maker 2 being some notable ones.

The Nintendo Switch received widespread acclaim. The Switch became the fastest-selling console, outselling the Wii U in only nine months. In May 2020, it was announced that the Nintendo Switch had sold over 107 million consoles since its release. As of November 2020, the Switch is the best-selling Nintendo home console. On 6 May 2021, Nintendo Switch sold more units than the Nintendo 3DS, with 84.59 million units. However, a known issue with the Switch is "Joy-Con drift". This is when a joystick is broken, and the joystick "drifts" and sends an input to the console on its own, without someone touching it. One of the main causes of this is dirt. Dirt can get into the Joy-Con and get under the stick, which causes joystick drift.

The Switch sold over 132.5 million units as of November of 2023. According to an extrapolation, the Switch is going to be the best-selling console of all time.

Original Model

The original Switch model had an LCD screen and had 32GB of internal memory. It costs $299.

Lite version

A version called the Nintendo Switch Lite was released on September 20, 2019. It costs less and is smaller than a normal Nintendo Switch, doesn't use wires or anything and is a standalone device, but can not connect to a television like the normal Nintendo Switch and does not have detachable Joy-Con. Some games require an additional Joy-Con to play them.
OLED model

The Nintendo Switch OLED Model is an upgraded version of the Switch that has a 7-inch OLED display, improved speakers, a larger and more adjustable stand, 64 GB of internal storage and a dock that includes a LAN cable port was announced by Nintendo on July 6, 2021. It was released on October 8, 2021 with a price of $349.99 (£309.99).

The Nintendo Switch has several accessories. Nintendo Labo is a series of cardboard add-ons which the user builds to play games with. "Ring Fit Adventure" includes a circular piece of rubber called a Ring-Con, and a leg strap. Similar to the Wii, the Switch also has a wheel shaped holder for the Joy-Con.
The original model of the Nintendo Switch has a 720p LCD screen, 1.02 GHz quad-core CPU, 4 GB of RAM and 32 GB of flash storage. The OLED model has the same CPU and amount of RAM, but with an OLED screen and 64 GB of storage.

Nephrozoa

The Nephrozoa (Eubilateria) are a major taxon of bilaterian animals consisting of the deuterostomes and protostomes. It is the living sister clade of the xenacoelomorphs.


Paul Nguyên Van Hòa

Paul Nguyěn Van Hoá (20 July 1931 – 14 February 2017) was a Vietnamese Roman Catholic bishop.

Nguyên Van Hòa became a priest in 1959. He served as of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Nha Trang from 1975 to 2009.

Four sons of Horus

The four sons of Horus are a group of gods who protect the dead souls. They appear as canopic jars, each represented as a different head. The first god is Imsety, he appears with a human head, the second god is Duamutef, he appears with a jackal head, the third god is Hapi, he appears with a baboon head, and the fourth and final god is Qebehsenuef, he appears with a falcon head. They are used as canopic jars.

Rem (mythology)

Rem was an Egyptian fish god who fertilized the land with his tears.

Norma McCorvey

Norma Leah McCorvey (née Nelson; September 22, 1947 – February 18, 2017), better known by the legal pseudonym "Jane Roe", was an American activist. She was the plaintiff in the landmark American lawsuit "Roe v. Wade" in 1973.

The US Supreme Court ruled that individual state laws banning abortion are unconstitutional. Later, McCorvey said that her views on abortion had greatly changed, and she became a Catholic activist in the pro-life movement.

José Solé

José Solé (July 28, 1929 – February 15, 2017) was a Mexican stage actor, movie director, set design, and theater director. 

His career extended over 60 years. He worked to promote theater in Mexico, which did not have governmental support that the other arts did after the Mexican Revolution. He performed in and directed many plays, as well as directing theaters and even the theatrical division of the Instituto Nacional de Bellas Artes (National Institute of Fine Arts). 

He received recognition for both acting and directing early in his career, but major awards such as Premio Nacional de Ciencias y Artes (National Prize for Arts and Sciences) in the 2000s.

Peter Skellern

Peter Skellern (14 March 1947 – 17 February 2017) was an English singer-songwriter and pianist. He was born in Bury, Lancashire. Skellern's first song to become a hit was "You're a Lady" in 1972. The record featured a choral group called the Congregation, who had already had a top ten hit with the song "Softly Whispering I Love You". and number 50 in the United States "Billboard" Hot 100. 

Although he only had two more hit singles in the next six years, Peter Skellern had a successful musical career, recording many albums and writing music and songs for television and films. These included theme songs for TV series such as "Billy Liar" (1973), "Me and My Girl" (1984) and "Flying Lady" (1987). He later began a double act with another pianist and singer, Richard Stilgoe, and they toured the country and made three albums before Skellern retired from performing in 2001.

In October 2016, when it was known that he was going to die, he was ordained as a priest of the Church of England. He had been given special permission by the Archbishop of Canterbury because it was something he had always wanted to do. Skellern died on 17 February 2017 from a brain tumour, aged 69.

Warren Frost

Warren Frost (June 5, 1925 – February 17, 2017) was an American actor.

His work was mainly in the theatre, but he worked in movies and television since his career began in 1958. He was known for television roles on "Matlock", "The Larry Sanders Show," and "Seinfeld". He was mainly known for his role as Doctor Hayward on "Twin Peaks", a series co-created by his son Mark Frost.

He has also appeared in TV movies, such as "" (1990) and "The Stand" (1994).

Frost died at his home in Middlebury, Vermont, on February 17, 2017, following a long illness at the age of 91.

Jørgen Kieler

Jørgen Kieler (23 August 1919 – 19 February 2017) was a Danish physician. He was known for his participation in resistance activities under the Nazi German occupation of Denmark in the early 1940s during World War II. 

Together with his sister, Elsebet Kieler, he published "Frit Denmark" (), an illegal newspaper. 

As a member of the Holger Danske resistance group, he helped hundreds of Danish Jews to escape to Sweden and avoid extermination.

Altamas Kabir

Altamas Kabir (19 July 1948 – 19 February 2017) was an Indian lawyer and judge. He served as the 39th Chief Justice to the Supreme Court of India from 29 September 2012 through 18 July 2013. He was born and raised in Kolkata, West Bengal.

Kabir died of kidney disease in Kolkata on 19 February 2017, aged 68.


Roger Hynd

John Roger Shankly Hynd (2 February 1942 – 18 February 2017) was a Scottish professional footballer. He played as a centre half. 

He started his playing career at Rangers, for whom he played in the 1967 European Cup Winners' Cup Final, before moving to the Football League. 

He played nearly 300 League games for Crystal Palace, Birmingham City. For a short time, he served as manager of Motherwell before leaving professional football to work as a PE teacher. He was the nephew of Bill Shankly.

In 2012, Hynd was one of seven former players elected to Birmingham City's Hall of Fame. Hynd died in February 2017, aged 75.

Richard Schickel

Richard Warren Schickel (February 10, 1933 – February 18, 2017) was an American historian, journalist, author, educator, filmmaker, screenwriter, documentarian, and movie critic. He was a critic for "Time" magazine from 1965–2010. He has also written for "Life" magazine and the "Los Angeles Times Book Review". He worked for Truthdig until his death in 2017.

Schickel was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He has also taught at Yale University and University of Southern California's School of Film and Television. Schickel died on February 18, 2017 in Los Angeles, California from complication of a stroke, aged 84.


Andrew Schneider

Andrew Jay Schneider (November 13, 1942 – February 17, 2017) was an American journalist and investigative reporter. He worked for the "Pittsburgh Press" and "Seattle Post-Intelligencer" as a public-health reporter. He was born in The Bronx, New York.

He received two Pulitzer Prizes while working for the "Press": one for Specialized Reporting in 1986 with Mary Pat Flaherty and another for Public Service with Matthew Brelis and the "Press".

Schneider died in Salt Lake City, Utah from heart failure on February 17, 2017, aged 74.

Lavell Crawford

Lavell Maurice Crawford (born November 11, 1968) is an American stand-up comedian and actor. He is best known for playing Huell Babineaux, the bodyguard, assistant, and pickpocket for Saul Goodman in "Breaking Bad". 

Lavell also played the role of Gus Patch in the Netflix original movie "The Ridiculous 6".

Magnus Wenninger

Magnus J. Wenninger (October 31, 1919 – February 17, 2017) was an American mathematician. He worked on constructing polyhedron models. He also wrote the first book on their construction. He was also a Benedictine monk. He was born in Park Falls, Wisconsin. His parents were German.

Wenninger died on February 17, 2017 at Saint John's Abbey in Collegeville, Minnesota. He was 97.

Martin Schulz

Martin Schulz (born 20 December 1955) is a German Social Democratic (SPD) politician. He was the President of the European Parliament from 2012 to 2017. From March 2017 to February 2018, he served as the Chairman of the Social Democratic Party.

Before to his Presidency of the European Parliament, he was the leader of its Progressive Alliance of Socialists and Democrats group. Elected as European Parliament President in 2012, Schulz was re-elected on 1 July 2014. On 17 January 2017, he was succeeded by Antonio Tajani of the EPP. 

In November 2016, he announced he would not seek a third term, but instead would stand in 2017 as the SPD candidate for the German Chancellorship. In January 2017, Schultz became the official SDP candidate for the German Chancellorship. He lost the election to Angela Merkel.

Alejandro Atchugarry

Alejandro Víctor Washington Atchugarry Bonomi (31 July 1952 – 19 February 2017) was an Uruguayan lawyer and politician.

He served as Minister of Economics and Finance during the 2002 Uruguay banking crisis. It was a widely acknowledged role in the solution of Uruguay's worst economic moment in a century.

Atchugarry died of an aneurysm in Montevideo on 19 February 2017, aged 64.

Marty Schottenheimer

Martin Edward "Marty" Schottenheimer (; September 23, 1943 – February 8, 2021) was an American retired-professional American football player and coach. He served as head coach of the Cleveland Browns, Kansas City Chiefs, Washington Redskins, and San Diego Chargers. He had the most wins of any NFL coach to never coach a team in a Super Bowl. 

Schottenheimer was born in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania. He was raised in McDonald, Pennsylvania. He studied at the University of Pittsburgh. 

From 1965 through 1968, he played for the Buffalo Bills. From 1969 through 1970, he played for the Boston Patriots.

In 21 years as an NFL head coach, Schottenheimer won 200 regular season games and 5 out of 18 games in the postseason. He had only two seasons with more losses than wins in his entire career, and none until his 15th season; the Browns finished with a losing record in his first season, but with Schottenheimer as their coach, they were 4–4. He is the only coach in NFL history with at least 200 wins that has a losing playoff record.

He was the head coach of the San Diego Chargers from 2002 through 2006. He was fired from his head coaching position with the San Diego Chargers in 2007, after leading the Chargers to a 14–2 regular season record but a disappointing second round playoff loss. 

After being fired as head coach of the Chargers, he became the head coach of the Virginia Destroyers of the United Football League. He would later win his only championship as a coach in his lone season there.

In 1968, he married his wife Pat. They have two children including Brian, who serves as the quarterbacks coach for the Indianapolis Colts. Schottenheimr's younger brother Kurt has also served as an NFL coach. 

In October 2016, it was revealed that Schottenheimer was diagnosed with early-onset Alzheimer's disease in 2011.

On February 3, 2021, his family announced he had been put into hospice care the week before in Charlotte, North Carolina. He died on February 8, 2021 from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease, aged 77.

Kaci Kullmann Five

Karin Cecilie "Kaci" Kullmann Five (13 April 1951 – 19 February 2017) was a Norwegian businessperson and politician. She was a member of the Conservative Party. She served as Chairwoman of the Norwegian Nobel Committee from 2015 to her death in 2017.

Five was born in Bærum, Norway. She studied at the University of Oslo. She was married to Carsten O. Five until her death in 2017. They had two children.

She served as Minister of Trade and Shipping from 1989 to 1990 and as a Member of Parliament from 1981 to 1997, and was leader of the Conservative Party from 1991 to 1994. She was a member of the Norwegian Nobel Committee since 2003. She was also a board member of the Nobel Foundation.

Five died on 19 February 2017 from breast cancer in Oslo, Norway, aged 65.

Per Kleppe

Per Andreas Hildte Kleppe (13 April 1923 – 10 March 2021) was a Norwegian economist and politician. He was a member of the Labour Party. He served in the position of deputy representative to the Norwegian Parliament from Oslo from 1954–1957. He was a deputy member of Oslo city council from 1951 to 1955.

Kleppe was born in Oslo. He graduated from the University of Oslo in 1956. 

He was appointed State Secretary in the Ministry of Finance from 1957 to 1962. He was the Minister of Trade and Shipping from 1971–1972. He later served as Minister of Finance from 1973 to 1979. In 1979, he was replaced by Ulf Sand, but Kleppe returned in 1981 to head the Secretariat for Long-Term Planning (until 1981).

In 1981 he took over as general secretary of the European Free Trade Association, a position he held until 1988.

Kleppe died on 10 March 2021 in Oslo, aged 97.

Jan Balstad

Jan Balstad (born 16 November 1937 in Oslo) is a Norwegian politician. He served as the labour leader for the Norwegian Confederation of Trade Unions. He was Minister of trade and shipping affairs at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs from 1988 to 1989.


Non-separable wavelets

Non-separable wavelets are multi-dimensional wavelets that are not implemented using one-dimensional operations. They have been studied since 1992. In contrast to separable wavelets, the non-separable wavelets have several advantages. The non-separable filters imply more parameters in design. This consequently leads to better filters.


Sclera

The sclera is the white part of the eye. Unlike most animals’ eyes, the human eye’s sclera is pale. This makes it easier for us to see where other people are looking. For most mammals, the sclera is the same color as the iris. 

Blister beetle

The blister beetle is a beetle of the family Meloidae. They secrete cantharidin, a chemical that causes blisters. About 7,500 species are known worldwide. They are poisonous to predators.

Blister beetles go through several larval stages. The larvae mainly attack bees. They also eat grasshopper eggs.

Blister beetles are attracted to alfalfa and weeds during bloom.

Oil beetle

The oil beetle (or Meloe) is a blister beetle genus. They are called "oil beetles" because they release oily droplets of hemolymph when disturbed.
The liquid is a poisonous chemical that causes skin blistering and painful swelling.

Members of this genus do not have wings. They have shortened elytra.

Brachiozoa

Brachiozoa is a group of lophotrochozoan animals consisting of Phoronida and Brachiopoda.

Peterlee

Peterlee is a small town in County Durham, England. It was built under the New Towns Act of 1946. It was founded in 1948. It originally mostly housed coal miners and their families.

Peterlee is named after trade unionist Peter Lee. He worked to improve the working conditions and salaries of the thousands of local pit workers who were based in the area.


Cow killer

Cow killers, or Mutillidae, are a family of wasps. The wingless females of this species look like hairy ants. They are called velvet ants because of their dense pile of hair. The hair is usually bright red or orange.

They are known for their very painful stings. Because of the stings, they are called "cow killer" or "cow ant".

Mutillidae live all over the world. There are over 8,000 species.

Regal Entertainment Group

Regal Entertainment Group is an American movie theater chain. It is based in Knoxville, Tennessee. The company was founded in 1999.

The movie theater chains operated by Regal are Regal Cinemas, Edwards Theatres and United Artists Theatres.

Vitaly Churkin

Vitaly Ivanovich Churkin (; 21 February 1952 – 20 February 2017) was a Russian diplomat and former child actor. He was the Ambassador of Russia to the United Nations from 1 May 2006 until his death. He was also the Ambassador of Russia to Belgium from 1994 to 1998.

Churkin was born in Moscow. He acted in movies as a child with his famous role being as Fedka the peasant boy in "A Mother's Heart" (1967). He spoke Russian, Mongolian, French and English.

Churkin died on 20 February 2017 in New York City, United States. He died one day before his 65th birthday. The cause was heart failure, according to Russian diplomat Sergei Ordzhonikidze.

Larry Coryell

Larry Coryell (April 2, 1943 – February 19, 2017) was an American jazz guitarist. He was known as the "Godfather of Fusion". His career began in 1965. 

In the early 1970s, he led a group called Foreplay with Mike Mandel although the albums of this period—"Barefoot Boy", "Offering", and "The Real Great Escape"—were credited only to "Larry Coryell." He formed the group The Eleventh House in 1973. 

Coryell was born in Galveston, Texas. He was raised in Richland, Washington. He studied at the University of Washington. Coryell died on February 19, 2017 in his hotel room in New York City from cardiac arrest, aged 73.


Sofía Ímber

Sofía Ímber (May 8, 1924 – February 20, 2017) was a Romanian-born Venezuelan journalist and philanthropist. She was known for being a supporter of the arts and for promoting contemporary art in Venezuela. She was the founder of the Contemporary Art Museum of Caracas.

Ímber was born in Soroca, Kingdom of Romania, now Moldova to Jewish parents. Imber moved to Venezuela with her family when she was six years old, in 1930. Ímber married Venezuelan journalist and diplomat Guillermo Meneses in 1944.

Ímber died in Caracas, Venezuela on February 20, 2017 from congestive heart failure, aged 92.

H. R. McMaster

Herbert Raymond "H. R." McMaster (born July 24, 1962) is an American Lieutenant General in the United States Army and author. He was the 26th United States National Security Advisor from February 20, 2017 to April 9, 2018. He was commander of the Maneuver Center of Excellence at Ft. Benning, Georgia. 

McMaster served as Director of Combined Joint Interagency Task Force-Shafafiyat (CJIATF-Shafafiyat) (Transparency) at ISAF (International Security Assistance Force) Headquarters in Kabul, Afghanistan. He is known for his roles in the Gulf War, Operation Iraqi Freedom and Operation Enduring Freedom.

McMaster resigned as National Security Advisor on March 22, 2018, which became effective on April 9, 2018. He was replaced by John R. Bolton.


Eric Jacobson

Eric Jacobson (born July 25, 1970) is an American puppeteer who has been working with Sesame Street since 1994. He is the current performer of Grover since 1998 and Bert since 1997, he's also the current performer of Miss Piggy and Fozzie Bear in The Muppets Franchise, replacing Frank Oz. He is married to Mary Jacobson.


Roman Zhuravskyi

Roman Zhuravskyi (; 3 June 1948 – 19 February 2017) was a Ukrainian professional football player who played as defender. He was born in Lviv, Ukraine. Zhuravskyi made his professional career in the different football teams of the Ukrainian SSR.

Zhuravskyi died on 19 February 2017 in Lviv, Ukraine from pancreatic cancer at the age of 68.


Yury Solomin

Yury Mefodievich Solomin (; 18 June 1935 – 11 January 2024) was a Soviet/Russian actor, director and politician. He was the art director of the Maly Theatre in Moscow, starting in 1988. He was Minister of Culture of the RSFSR in 1990-1991.

Solomin was known for his roles as Khlestakov in Igor Ilyinsky's production of "The Government Inspector" (1966), Tsar Feodor in "Tsar Feodor Ioannovich" (1976), Slavin in "TASS Is Authorized to Declare..." TV series (1984), Nicholas II in "Az Vosdam..." (1990), and Famusov in his own production of "Wit Works Woe" (2000).

Solomin died on 11 January 2024 in Moscow, Russia from problems caused by a stroke, aged 88.

Aleksandr Yakovlevich Mikhailov

Aleksandr Yakovlevich Mikhailov (; born 4 October 1944) is a Soviet and Russian actor. He has appeared in 42 movies since 1973. He starred in the 1981 movie "Muzhiki!" which was in the 32nd Berlin International Film Festival.

He became a People's Artist of the RSFSR (1992). and People's Artist of the Pridnestrovian Moldavian Republic (2014). 

Mikhailov was born in Olovyannaya, Russia. He studied at the Maly Theater.

Kamran Mirza

Kamran Mirza, sometimes known simply as Mirza Kamran, (1509 – 5 (or 6) October 1557) was the second son of Babur, the founder of the Mughal Empire and the first Mughal Emperor. Kamran Mirza was born in Kabul to Babur's wife Gulrukh Begum. He died while on pilgrimage in Mecca.


E-dubble

Evan Sewell Wallace (November 1, 1982 – February 13, 2017), better known by his stage name e-dubble, was an American rapper. He was best known for his "Freestyle Friday" series in which he released a new song each Friday. He did this from 2010 to 2012. He was also a member of the hip hop group Young English. He was also the founder of Black Paisley Records. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania or Baltimore, Maryland.

Wallace died from a blood infection on February 13, 2017, at the age of 34.

New Synagogue (Berlin)

The Neue Synagoge ("New Synagogue") is a synagogue in Bezirk Mitte, Berlin, Germany. The building lies on the Oranienburger Straße and was constructed from 1859 to 1866.

The Neue Synagogue is of Moorish architecture.

Conservative Judaism services are being held in the synagogue.

Youssef Lemrini

Youssef Lemrini (born January 1, 1960 in Salé) is a Moroccan former football player and current football manager.

Lemrini played at Mouloudia Club Lakouablia, and managed COD Meknès and Olympic Club de Safi. Since 2013 he has been managing Renaissance Sportive de Berkane.


Maha Haddioui

Maha Haddioui, Arabic: ماها الحديوي , (born May 15, 1988 in Casablanca) is a Moroccan female golfer. She has been a professional since 2011.

Haddioui plays on the Ladies European Tour and obtained second last place at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

B chromosome

B chromosomes are chromosomes which are not needed for the life of a species. They are also called 'supernumerary' or 'accessory chromosomes'.

In addition to normal chromosomes (the karyotype), many species have B chromosomes. Wild populations of many animal, plant, and fungi species have B chromosomes. These chromosomes are not essential for their life, and are lacking in many individuals. So a population might have individuals with 0, 1, 2, 3 (etc.) supernumeraries.

Most B chromosomes are mainly or entirely heterochromatic, and so do not code for anything. Some, such as the B chromosomes of maize, contain sizeable euchromatic segments, and therefore do code for some products.

It seems unlikely that supernumeraries would survive in a species unless there was some positive advantage. In a few cases this has been identified. For instance, the British grasshopper "Myrmeleotettix maculatus" has B chromosomes with a satellite DNA. They occur in warm, dry environments, and are scarce or absent in humid, cooler places.

It is thought that B chromosomes are parasitic elements like selfish DNA. Various scenarios have been suggested as to how they arose.

Northeast Region, Brazil

The Northeast Region of Brazil () is one of the five geographical regions of Brazil defined by the Brazilian Institute of Geography and Statistics in 1969. It is the third largest region, corresponding to 18% of the national territory, and the second in population.

The Northeast Region has an area of . It is the region of the country with the longest coastline.

The climate in the region is very hot all the year long; tropical near the coast and semi-arid in the interior; semi-equatorial in the far west of the region. The vegetation mainly desert-like, with tropical forests along the coast and in the west and savanna-like vegetation, known as the Cerrado. in the southwest.

The Northeast Region is between 01° 02' 30" of latitude north and 18° 20' 07" of latitude south and between 34° 47' 30" and 48° 45' 24" of longitude west. It borders to the north and east with the Atlantic Ocean; to the south with the Minas Gerais and Espírito Santo states; and to west with the Pará, Tocantins and Goiás states.

The main rivers in the region are the São Francisco and the Parnaíba rivers; they have many tributaries.

The highest point in the Northeast Region is Pico do Barbado () at . Pico do Barbado is the highest summit of the larger "Serra do Barbado", in the "Chapada Diamantina", in Bahia.

The highest point of the different states of the North Region are:
This region is formed of nine states: Alagoas, Bahia, Ceará, Maranhão, Paraíba, Pernambuco, Piauí, Rio Grande do Norte and Sergipe.

, the Northeast region had a population of 56,915,936, for a population density of inhabitants/km.

The most important municipalities of the North Region are:

Henri Cohen

Henri Cohen (born ? - died 1930) was a Belgian water polo player. He was of Jewish descent.

Cohen was swimming for the Brussels Swimming and Water Polo Club.

He obtained a silver medal with his team at the 1900 Summer Olympics in Paris.


Yigal Amir

Yigal Amir, Hebrew: יגאל עמיר‎‎ , (born May 23, 1970 in Herzliya) is an Israeli murderer. 

Amir is serving a life sentence in prison for assassinating Israeli Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin on November 4, 1995.

His motivation was political. He was strongly against the Oslo Accords and targeted Rabin because of his peace efforts with the Palestinians, which he saw as against the interests of Israeli Jews. 

Amir is an Orthodox Jew from a Yemenite Jewish background. At the time of the murder he was studying law and computer science at Bar-Ilan University and also Jewish law.

Because he murdered the country's head of government, this made Amir an assassin. He was found guilty and sent to prison, where he still is. Israel does not have the death penalty.


Mildred Dresselhaus

Mildred Dresselhaus (born Mildred Spiewak; November 11, 1930 – February 20, 2017), also known as the "queen of carbon science", was an American nanotechnologist. She was the first female Institute Professor and professor emerita of physics and electrical engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. She also won many awards including the Presidential Medal of Freedom, the National Medal of Science, the Enrico Fermi Award and the Vannevar Bush Award.

Dresselhaus was born in Brooklyn, New York. She was married to Gene Dresselhaus and had four children. She was of Jewish descent.

Dresselhaus died on February 20, 2017 in Cambridge, Massachusetts, at the age of 86.

Max Lüscher

Max Lüscher (September 9, 1923 – February 2, 2017) was a Swiss psychotherapist. He was known for inventing the Lüscher color test. This was a tool for measuring an individual's psycho-physical state based on his or her color preferences. Lüscher worked for international companies, among other things giving color advice. His book "The Lüscher Test" has been translated into more than 30 languages.

Lüscher died in Lucerne, Switzerland on February 2, 2017, aged 93.


Lüscher color test

The Lüscher color test is a psychological test invented by Dr. Max Lüscher in Basel, Switzerland. Lüscher believed that sensory perception of color is "all shared by all", but that color preferences are not. This difference allows subjective states to be objectively measured by using test colors.

Lüscher believed that because the color selections are guided in a specific manner, they reveal the person as they really are, not as they perceive themselves or would like to be perceived.



Little Sammy Davis

Little Sammy Davis (November 28, 1928 – February 16, 2018) was an American blues guitarist, harmonica player and songwriter. He was based in Hudson Valley, New York. Although his musical career began in the 1940s, he was not widely known until the mid-1990s when he began working in radio, singing, playing live on tour, and recording studio albums. He recorded songs with Muddy Waters, Earl Hooker, Albert King, and the Levon Helm Band.

Davis was born in Winona, Mississippi. He died in Middletown, New York of heart failure on February 16, 2018 at the age of 89.


Madame de Montesson

Charlotte Jeanne Béraud de La Haye de Riou (4 October 1738 – 6 February 1806) was a mistress of Louis Philippe d'Orléans, Duke of Orléans, and later his wife. However, Louis XV would not allow her to become the Duchess. She is known simply as Madame de Montesson. For her husband's fun and her own, she set up a small theatre and wrote many plays, in which she acted. She was a friend of Joséphine de Beauharnais. She married twice but had no children. In 1770, a small home was built in Paris for her use. The building was called the Hôtel de Montesson. It was destroyed by fire in 1810.

Born in Paris in 1738 she was the only daughter of Jean Béraud de La Haye de Riou, Seigneur of la Gauvrillère and Josefa Minard. Her father was from an old Breton family. She first married a seventy-year-old widower Jean Baptiste de Montesson, Marquis of Montesson on 11 October 1757. He died in 1769. Her beauty and intelligence attracted the attention of the widowed Louis Philippe d'Orléans who she secretly married in 1773 with the authorisation of King Louis XV. After her marriage to the Louis Philippe, Duke of Orléans, a member of the royal family and a Prince du Sang, her low rank did not allow her the title of Duchess of Orléans, nor having the rank of a Princess of the blood. During the French Revolution, she was arrested and imprisoned in the Temple Prison in Paris. She died in Paris aged 67. She was buried at the Église Saint-Roch, Paris.

Lavelle White

Lavelle White (born July 3, 1929) is an American blues and soul singer-songwriter. After performing most during her adulthood, White released three albums, the first of which was issued in 1994 when she was aged 65.

She has been nominated several times for a Blues Music Award, and in 2006 was inducted into the Texas Music Hall of Fame. The same year her ensemble was voted the Best Blues Band in "The Austin Chronicle" Music Awards.

Downe

Downe is a village in the London Borough of Bromley. Charles Darwin lived there with his family after the HMS "Beagle" trip.

Stanisław Skrowaczewski

Stanisław Paweł Stefan Jan Sebastian Skrowaczewski (; October 3, 1923 – February 21, 2017) was a Polish-American classical conductor and composer.

Skrowaczewski was born in Lwów (then in Poland, now in Ukraine). Between 1983 and 1992 he was principal conductor of the Hallé Orchestra in Manchester. Between 1995 and 1997, Skrowaczewski served as artistic advisor to the Milwaukee Symphony Orchestra. He received the Commander Order of the White Eagle.

Skrowaczewski died in Minneapolis, Minnesota on February 21, 2017, aged 93.


Joseph Blatchford

Joseph Blatchford (born June 7, 1934) was the third Director of the United States Peace Corps. Blatchford was appointed Peace Corps Director in 1969 by President Richard Nixon. He retired 1971.

Blatchford was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He was raised in Beverly Hills, California.


Steve Hewlett (journalist)

Steve Hewlett (8 August 1958 – 20 February 2017) was a British print and radio journalist. He served as visiting professor of Journalism and Broadcast Policy at the University of Salford. He worked for the BBC and The Guardian and for programs such as "Nationwide" and "Watchdog".

Hewlett died in London from oesophageal cancer on 20 February 2017, aged 58.

Desmond Connell

Desmond Connell (24 March 1926 – 21 February 2017) was an Irish cardinal in the Roman Catholic Church. He was an Archbishop of Dublin and Primate of Ireland. 

Cardinal Connell was one of a number of senior clergy to have been heavily criticized for inaction and for making misleading statements in connection with clerical sex abuse in Dublin.


Anthony Downs

Anthony Downs (; November 21, 1930 – October 2, 2021) was an American economist. He specialized in public policy and public administration. He was a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution in Washington, D.C., beginning in 1977.

Before 1977, Downs served for 18 years a member and then Chairman of Real Estate Research Corporation. He also was a Senior Analyst at the RAND Corporation and a professor at the University of Chicago.

Downs died on October 2, 2021 in Bethesda, Maryland at the age of 90.

Reinhard Selten

Reinhard Justus Reginald Selten (5 October 1930 – 23 August 2016) was a German economist. He won the 1994 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences (shared with John Harsanyi and John Nash). He is also well known for his work in bounded rationality and can be thought as one of the founding fathers of experimental economics. Selten was professor emeritus at the University of Bonn, Germany.

Selten, who was partly Jewish, died on 23 August 2016 in Poznań, Poland, aged 85.


Sex industry

Sex industry, other names: "adult industry" or "porn industry", is a (business) activity that is dealing with sexual entertainment, like pornography, prostitution etc.

Keisha Castle-Hughes

Keisha Castle-Hughes (born 24 March 1990) is an Australian-born New Zealand actress. She started her career in 2001.

Castle-Hughes was born in Donnybrook, Western Australia. Her mother is Māori and her father is an Australian. She moved to New Zealand at the age of one. She grew up in Auckland. She became a New Zealand citizen in 2001. Castle-Hughes also has four younger siblings: Rhys, Liam, Maddisyn and Quade.

Castle-Hughes is best known for her role as Paikea "Pai" Apirana in the movie "Whale Rider" (2002). For this, she was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Actress. She was the youngest person to be nominated for the award at the time. She has also appeared in the movies "" (2005), "Hey, Hey, It's Esther Blueburger" (2008) and "Red Dog" (2011). On television, she has appeared in "The Walking Dead", "Game of Thrones" and "".

Castle-Hughes and Bradley Hull, her partner from 2003 to 2010, have a daughter, Felicity-Amore Hull (born 25 April 2007). She was married to Jonathan Morrison from 2013 to 2016. She has bipolar disorder.


Taulupe Faletau

Tangaki Taulupe "Toby" Faletau (born 12 November 1990) is a Welsh rugby union player. He plays as a back row forward. He has played over sixty times for Wales since 2011. For club, he played for Cross Keys RFC and Newport RFC before joining the Newport Gwent Dragons. He has played for Bath Rugby since 2016.

Faletau was born in Tofoa, Tonga. His father is Tongan international Kuli Faletau. He grew up in Pontypool, Wales.


Dana International

Sharon Cohen (born February 2, 1972), better known as Dana International, is an Israeli pop singer. She has released eight albums and three compilation albums She is a trans woman.

Dana International won the Eurovision Song Contest in 1998 with the song "Diva". She later returned to the contest in 2011 with the song "Ding Dong" but her song did not qualify for the final. 


Steve Gleason

Stephen Michael Gleason (born March 19, 1977) is a former American football player. He played mainly as a safety. He played for the Indianapolis Colts and the New Orleans Saints of the National Football League (NFL) between 2000 and 2007. He was best known for blocking a punt in 2006, which became a symbol of recovery for New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina.

In 2019, Gleason was honored with the Congressional Gold Medal.

Gleason was born in Spokane, Washington. He is married to Michel Rae Varisco. They have two children. In 2011, he was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), also known as Lou Gehrig's disease.


Francis Pollet

Francis Pollet (born at Roubaix, 5 May 1964) is a French General officer. From March 2017 to the 30th of June 2022, he is the director-general of the "Institut Polytechnique des Sciences Avancées" (French private aerospace university).

Pollet graduated from the École de l'Air in 1985. He started his career as fighter pilot and corporate pilot for Prime Minister Lionel Jospin and President Jacques Chirac. He worked in human resources and operational activities. In 2003, he joined higher education as head of École de l'Air at Salon-de-Provence. In March 2017, he became head of the "Institut Polytechnique des Sciences Avancées". He leaves the school the 30th of June 2022, replaced by Valérie Cornetet.




Chifley Tower

The Chifley Tower is a skyscraper in Sydney, Australia. It is one of the tallest buildings in the city and the 11th tallest building in Australia.

Florac Trois Rivières

Florac Trois Rivières is a French commune, a "subprefecture" of the Lozère department, in the Occitanie region. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of Florac.

The municipality was established on 1 January 2016 when the former "communes" of Florac and La Salle-Prunet were combined to form the new "commune".

Florac Trois Rivières is in the valley of the Tarnon river, a small river that flows through the Lozère department before joining the Tarn river. The "commune" is found at the start of the Gorges du Tarn (a canyon formed by the Tarn river).

The city and the Tarnon valley are within the Cévennes National Park but they are not part of the park.

The "commune" of Florac Trois Rivières has an area of and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" is surrounded by the "communes" Quézac, Bédouès-Cocurès, Pont de Montvert - Sud Mont Lozère, Cans et Cévennes, Vebron and Montbrun.

The climate in Florac Trois Rivières in the Köppen climate classification is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

, Florac Trois Rivières had 2,107 inhabitants for a density of persons/km.

The inhabitants of this city are known, in French, as "Floracois" (women: "Floracoises").

Florac Trois Rivières is twinned with:



Maccabi Ahi Nazareth F.C.

Maccabi Ahi Nazareth Football Club, Hebrew: מכבי אחי נצרת - Mo'adon Kaduregel Maccabi Aḥi Natzrat, Arabic: نادي كرة القدم اخاء الناصرة - Nade Korat Alqadam Maccabi Ekhaa Al-Nasera) is an Israeli football club in Nazareth.

The club was established in 1968 and plays in the Liga Leumit.

Executive Order 13769

Executive Order 13769, also called Protecting the Nation from Foreign Terrorist Entry into the United States, is an executive order signed by United States President Donald Trump on January 27, 2017. It limits travel to the United States from some countries and by all refugees.

The order said that no more than 50,000 refugees could be let into the United States in fiscal year 2017 until it was deemed to be in the national interest by President Trump. It stopped the U.S. Refugee Admissions Program (USRAP) for 120 days (about four months). After that 120 days, the program would start again for individual countries. The order also stopped the entry of refugees from Syria. The order tells some Cabinet secretaries to stop entry of nationals from countries that do not meet adjudication standards under the Immigration and Nationality Act. The United States Department of Homeland Security lists these countries as Iran, Iraq, Libya, Somalia, Sudan, Syria and Yemen. 

The Department of Homeland Security later allowed green card holders and dual nationals of other countries to enter the United States. However, they had to have a passport or nationality of a non-listed country.

There were many lawsuits that tried to stop the order. One was "State of Washington v. Trump", which resulted in a temporary restraining order (TRO). The TRO was issued on February 3, 2017. It stopped much of the executive order. The issue is about whether the order is legal and whether it is against the United States Constitution.

More than 100 travelers were held. They were held for hours without family or legal assistance. Up to 60,000 visas were taken away.

Protests against the order took place in airports and cities.

The order was criticized by Democratic and Republican members of U.S. Congress, Catholic bishops, business leaders and universities.

Executive order (United States)

An executive order is a rule or order made by a President of the United States. The order tells agencies and officers of the Federal government of the United States things that they must do.

Executive orders can be stopped by the courts in a process called judicial review. They may be stopped if they are against laws or against the Constitution of the United States.

Executive orders have a big effect on the internal affairs of government. They decide how and to what degree legislation will be enforced. They also deal with emergencies and wars.

Ricardo Domínguez

Ricardo Domínguez (20 July 1985 – 22 February 2017), nicknamed Pelón, was a Mexican professional boxer. He fought in the light welterweight division. He was best known for having won the 2009 Campeón Azteca tournament at lightweight. After 50 bouts, he won 37 of them. He was born in Culiacán, Sinaloa.

Dominguez died from colon cancer on 22 February 2017, at the age of 31.

Bengt Gustavsson

Bengt Olov Emanuel "Julle" Gustavsson (13 January 1928 – 16 February 2017) was a Swedish footballer and manager. He played as a defender. He played for IFK Norrköping, Atalanta and Åtvidabergs FF. He also played for the Sweden national football team during the 1958 FIFA World Cup. He was born in Ringarum, Östergötland County.

Gustavsson died on 16 February 2017 in Norrköping, at the age of 89.

Sing-along

A sing-along is an event where people sing songs together. The song leader can use a book of song lyrics and/or music as well as an instrument.

Crito (Plato)

Crito is a dialogue written by the ancient Greek writer and philosopher Plato in 360 BC. Its only characters are Socrates and Crito. 

It centers around the moral consequences of helping Socrates escape from prison. Socrates argues against defying the law, even though Crito is willing to help him. Eventually Socrates convinces Crito that morally, Socrates must stay in prison and accept his execution. 
Plato, who had been a student of Socrates, wrote this dialogue among many others. Socrates is often a character of Plato's works, and the dialogue between Crito and Socrates is based on the death of Socrates. Socrates did in fact get executed by drinking hemlock. 

Teen sitcom

A teen situation comedy or teen sitcom is a type of situation comedy television show that is made for teenagers. The main characters on a teen sitcom are usually teenagers. The shows are usually about problems that are common for teenagers. Well known teen sitcoms include "Saved by the Bell", "Hannah Montana", "The Adventures of Pete & Pete", and "iCarly".

A Night to Remember (movie)

A Night to Remember is a 1958 British drama movie. The movie was adapted from Walter Lord's book of the same name.

The RMS "Titanic" is christened for its maiden voyage. Passengers and crew get on board the ship. The ship departs from port on April 10, 1912 and heads out into sea.

The ship receives a number of ice warnings from other ships. However, only a few of the messages are sent to Captain Edward J. Smith. The captain does not slow down the ship, or consider an alternate route.

Late on Sunday, April 14, one of the lookouts sees an iceberg in front of the ship. "Titanic" turns hard to port and tries to avoid the iceberg. But the ship eventually hits the iceberg on its starboard side. The first five compartments, below the waterline, are ripped open. Thomas Andrews, the ship's maker, inspects the damage. He then learns the ship will sink within two hours. Making matters worse, the ship does not have enough lifeboats for all the people aboard.

A distress signal is sent out. The radio operator on the RMS "Carpathia" hears the distress call, understands the emergency and alerts Captain Arthur Rostron. Rostron, right away, orders the "Carpathia" to head to the "Titanic" at full speed. But unfortunately, it will take four hours to reach the "Titanic".

Captain Smith orders Officers William Murdoch and Charles Lightoller to begin lowering the lifeboats. Women and children are let on the boats first. However, the women and children are not that happy about getting into the lifeboats. They are then forced into the boats by officers.

The "Carpathia" is racing to the "Titanic" site. Before "Carpathia" can get there, though, "Titanic" sinks.

On the "Carpathia", Lightoller is told by Rostron that only 705 people have survived. They have only passed one body. 


As with many "Titanic" movies made prior to 1985, this movie shows "Titanic" sinking in one piece. But in reality, the ship broke in two before sinking.

The movie won several awards, including a Golden Globe Award for Best English-Language Foreign Film.



Fundamental Orders of Connecticut

The Fundamental Orders were passed by three towns in Connecticut in 1639. The orders were the first constitution in the American colonies.

Pontine Islands

The Pontine Islands are a small archipelago along the Gulf of Gaeta, in the Tyrrhenian Sea off the west coast of Italy, at about from the European continent.

The islands were named after the largest island in the group, Ponza.

The archipelago has an area of about with a resident population of about 4,076 persons. During the summers, many people visit the islands. They islands, Ponza and Ventotene, can be reached by ferry or hydrofoil.

The highest point in the archipelago is Monte Guardia in the southern end of the Ponza island; it is high.

The archipelago has six islands and several islets divided in two groups, part of two "comuni" of the Latina province:


Weathered

Weathered is the third studio album by Creed. The album was released on November 20, 2001 through Wind-up Records. It was the number one album on the Billboard 200 during the week it was released.

On the Beach (novel)

On the Beach is a novel by Nevil Shute, a British author who emigrated to Australia. It was published in 1957. It tells about the world after atomic war. Last people live in Australia and wait for coming of the radioactive cloud. When they start being sick of the radiation, they commit suicide. 

A movie based on the book was made in 1959. Gregory Peck and Ava Gardner starred in it.


Frank Delaney

Frank Delaney (24 October 1942 – 22 February 2017) was an Irish novelist, journalist and broadcaster. He was the author of the "New York Times" best-seller "Ireland", the non-fiction book "", and many other works of fiction, non-fiction and collections. 

Delaney was born in Tipperary, Ireland.

Cosmo Haskard

Sir Cosmo Dugal Patrick Thomas Haskard KCMG MBE (25 November 1916 – 21 February 2017) was an Irish-born British colonial administrator and retired British Army officer. He was born in Dublin. He served as Governor of the Falkland Islands from 1964 through 1970.

He turned 100 in November 2016. Haskard died on 21 February 2017 in Bantry Bay, County Cork, Ireland, aged 100.

Douglas Coe

Douglas Evans Coe (October 20, 1928 – February 21, 2017) was an American evangelical leader. He served as associate director of the Christian organization, The Fellowship, (also known as a family of friends in Christ, the prayer breakfast groups). He has also been called as the "stealth Billy Graham." He was born in Medford, Oregon.

In 2005, Coe was named one of the 25 most influential Evangelicals in the United States by Time magazine. Coe was an ordained Presbyterian elder and serves as a lay minister.

Coe died in Annapolis, Maryland on February 21, 2017 from complications of a heart attack, aged 88.

Kendra Lust

Kendra Lust (born September 18, 1978 in Madison Heights, Michigan) is an American pornographic actress.

Kendra was born to French Canadian and Italian parents. To supplement her income in college, she stripped part time. This enabled her to afford attendance at nursing school. She worked as a nurse for seven years. Kendra left nursing after seven years as she was making more money and working fewer hours in the adult video business. Kendra is currently married to Chuck Mason. They have a daughter.

During the final years of her career as a nurse, Kendra worked as a webcam model. This marked a change of career to adult performer. Her first explicit scene was in March 2012 with Phoenix Marie and Rachel Starr for the adult video entertainment company Brazzers.

Her first Boy/Girl scene was with Manuel Ferrara titled Locker Room Pussy in 2012.

Kendra Lust has an Onlyfans Account, started in the 2020's, for exclusive content produced herself for her fans. 

In January, 17, 2022 she told Renee Paquette on The Sessions Podcast (Oral Sessions at the time) that she still does some nursing while continuing to film explicit content. She spoke about how when she started, the agents weren't necessarily the best for most women and how she's worked hard to make sure women have a better experience with better agents. Kendra owns her own agency for women.

Kendra has been awarded "Best Milf Fan Award" in 2015

Kendra has been awarded "XBIZ Milf Performer of the Year" 2X in both 2015 and 2016

Kendra has been awarded "XRCO Milf of the Year" in 2016 

Kendra has been awarded "Hottest MILF" by AVN in 2016.

Kendra has been awarded "AVN Milf Performer of the Year" 2X in both 2016 and 2017

Kendra Lust holds the honnor of being a 7X "AVN Hottest Milf Fan Award"


Jeanne Martin Cissé

Jeanne Martin Cissé (6 April 1926 – 21 February 2017) was a Guinean teacher and nationalist politician. She served as ambassador to the United Nations and in 1972 was the first woman to serve as President of the United Nations Security Council. She served in the government of Guinea as Minister of Social Affairs from 1976 until the 1984 military coup.

Cissé was born in Kankan, Guinea. She studied at the École Normale d'Institutrices de Rufisque in Dakar, Senegal, where she trained to become a teacher.

Cissé died on 21 February 2017 in Conakry, Guinea, aged 90.

Seijun Suzuki

, (Seitaro Suzuki; 鈴木 清太郎; Suzuki Seitarō; 24 May 1923 – 13 February 2017) was a Japanese movie director, actor, and screenwriter. He made 40 B-movies for the Nikkatsu Company between 1956 and 1967, working most prolifically in the yakuza genre.

He won critical acclaim and a Japanese Academy Award for his Taishō Trilogy, "Zigeunerweisen" (1980), "Kagero-za" (1981) and "Yumeji" (1991). His movies remained widely unknown outside Japan until a series of theatrical movies beginning in the mid-1980s, home video releases of key movies such as "Branded to Kill" and "Tokyo Drifter" became popular outside of Japan.

Suzuki died on 13 February 2017 at a Tokyo hospital from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, aged 93.


Ion Croitoru

Ion William Croitoru (December 7, 1965 – February 21, 2017) was a Canadian professional wrestler. He was born and raised in Ontario, Canada.

Croitoru is better known by his ring names, Johnny K-9 and Bruiser Bedlam. He competed in several Canadian wrestling promotions, including Stampede Wrestling, and later wrestled for New Japan Pro Wrestling, Smoky Mountain Wrestling, and the World Wrestling Federation (WWF). 

He wrestled as a jobber in the WWF, but he was booked to win titles in several other promotions.

Croitoru is also famous for his history of legal problems. He was a member of Satan's Choice, a biker gang, and has also been convicted of assault, trafficking cocaine and bombing a police station. 

In 2005, Croitoru was arrested for the murder of lawyer Lynn Gilbank and her husband Fred. After a lengthy investigation, the charges were dropped in June 2006 because of insufficient evidence. He worked as a security guard in Vancouver, British Columbia until being arrested in May 2009 for conspiracy to commit murder. 

On January 24, 2011, Croitoru was charged with first degree murder in connection with the 2008 execution of Jonathan Barber in Burnaby, British Columbia.

Croitoru died while under house arrest on February 21, 2017, at a federal halfway house in Toronto from a suspected heart attack, aged 51.

Harold Denton

Harold Ray Denton (February 24, 1936 – February 13, 2017) was an American civil servant. He served as the Director of the Office of Nuclear Reactor Regulation at the United States Nuclear Regulatory Commission (USNRC) from 1988 until his retirement in 1998. He is best known for his role as President Jimmy Carter's personal adviser for the Three Mile Island (TMI) accident.

Denton was born in Rocky Mountain, North Carolina. He died at his home in Knoxville, Tennessee from complications of Alzheimer's disease and chronic obstructive pulmonary disease, aged 80.

Ruth Westheimer

Ruth Westheimer (born Karola Ruth Siegel; June 4, 1928), better known as Dr. Ruth, is an American sex therapist, media personality and writer. She is best known for her radio show "Sexually Speaking" during the 1980s. She worked for Planned Parenthood in the 1950s. She has also written many books.

Westheimer was born in Frankfurt, Germany. She is Jewish and moved to Switzerland as a child. She moved to New York City in 1956.


Pnina Rosenblum

Pnina Rosenblum, Hebrew: פנינה רוזנבלום (born December 30, 1954 in Petah Tikva) is a successful Israeli business woman and former politician.

When she was younger, she was a model and an actress (abroad known as "Pnina Golan"), playing in several movies.

In 1983 she tried to get nominated as Israel's candidate for the Eurovision Song Contest.

Six years later she went into business by starting a cosmetics company called Pnina Rosenblum Ltd.

In 1999 she tried to be chosen in the Knesset by forming Tnufa (an independent list meaning "momentum") with Avi Balashnikov. In December 2005 she became a Member of Knesset (MK) for Likud when several Likud politicians had switched to the recently formed Kadima. Her parliamentary career ended in March 2006 when she was not chosen in the elections.

Pnina Rosenblum married and divorced the same man twice. Later on she married another man.

She has German-Jewish and Iraqi-Jewish roots.



War Horse (movie)

War Horse is a 2011 British-American war drama movie directed and co-produced by Steven Spielberg and written by Lee Hall and Richard Curtis, adapted from English author Michael Morpurgo's 1982 novel of the same name.

Pig iron

Pig iron is iron with a high carbon content. Pig iron is made by smelting iron ore into ingot form, in a blast furnace. It’s called pig iron because when being cast, each ingot being cast looks like a Piglet suckling milk from a sow.

Ancient Egyptians, Greeks, and Chinese knew about pig iron, and were producing it as early as 1100 BC.

Pig iron is refined into Wrought iron by melting it and blowing hot air through it. Pig iron can also be turned into gray iron.

Originally, pig iron was poured out the bottom of the furnace and shipped to a steel mill for processing. Now, we turn the metal into pellets before shipping it.

Truro, Nova Scotia

Truro (Mi'kmaq: "Wagobagitik") is a town in central Nova Scotia, Canada.


Hôtel de Montesson

The Hôtel de Montesson was a small townhouse on the Rue de la Chaussée-d'Antin in Paris, France. It was constructed after 1770 for Madame de Montesson, the secret and morganatic wife of Louis Philippe d'Orléans, Duke of Orléans. He had a house adjoined to Montesson's. The couple would eventually marry circa 1768 in the Chapel of the "Hôtel". The building would be destroyed by an accidental fire in 1810.

Charles Reis Felix

Charles Reis Felix (April 29, 1923 – January 25, 2017) was an America writer and teacher. He was known as a contributor to Luso-American literature.

His work were mainly autobiography, historical narrative and fiction about the human experience. His first book, "Crossing the Sauer", was an account of his three months as a combat infantryman from January through March 1945. "Crossing the Sauer" was called by Paul Fussell as "one of the most honest, unforgettable memoirs of the war I've read."



Naděžda Kavalírová

Naděžda Kavalírová (13 November 1923 – 20 January 2017) was a Czechoslovakian-born Czech physician, human rights activist and former political prisoner. 

She became actively involved in the resistance to Czechoslovakia's Communist government. She later headed the Confederation of Political Prisoners ("Konfederace politických vězňů České republiky") from 2003 until her death in January 2017.

Kavalírová died in Pardubice, Czech Republic, on 20 January 2017, at the age of 93. 

Đinh Xuân Lâm

Đinh Xuân Lâm (4 February 1925 – 25 January 2017) was a Vietnamese historian. He was known for having to helped build the Department of Recent History and of Modern Vietnam. He served as vice president of the Vietnam History Science and Chairman of the Scientific Council Center for Information and Documentation UNESCO.

He was promoted to Associate Professor in 1980 and Professor in 1984, branches of history.



Arnold Spielberg

Arnold Meyer Spielberg (February 6, 1917 – August 25, 2020) was an American electrical engineer of Jewish descent.

He was known for his help "to real-time data acquisition and recording that significantly contributed to the definition of modern feedback and control processes". For General Electric he designed, with his colleague Charles Propster, the GE-225 in 1959. He said that his greatest contribution was to be the first computer-controlled "point of sale" cash register.

He was the father of movie director Steven Spielberg.

Spielberg died on August 25, 2020 at his home in Los Angeles, aged 103.

Aleksei Petrenko

Aleksei Vasilyevich Petrenko (; 26 March 1938 – 22 February 2017) was a Soviet movie and stage actor. He was known for playing Grigori Rasputin in the Elem Klimov's historical drama "Agony" and Joseph Stalin in the BBC Two documentary "".

Eni Faleomavaega

Eni Fa'aua'a Hunkin Faleomavaega, Jr. (; August 15, 1943 – February 22, 2017) was an American Samoan politician. He served as the territory's lieutenant governor and congressional delegate. He served as a U.S. House Representative from American Samoa's At-large congressional district from 1989 through 2015.

Faleomavaega died at his home in Provo, Utah on February 22, 2017, aged 73.

Photojournalism

Photojournalism is taking photos to tell a story in mass media. The first photojournalist was Mathew Brady, who took pictures of the American Civil War. From World War II through the 1970s, many magazines and all the world's major newspapers had their own photographers. There was strong competition to take the best pictures. Later it became difficult to make money as a photojournalist, because the places to publish photos disappeared, and because there were many more photographers. 

Bradley Ayers

Bradley Earl Ayers (March 7, 1935 – February 10, 2017) was an American soldier, CIA operative, writer and political activist. He was known for saying that the CIA played a role in the Assassination of Robert F. Kennedy. Ayers was one of the first career officers to voice opposition to the Vietnam War and to speak out publicly against it. He was born in St. Paul, Minnesota. 

Ayers died in Somers Lake, Wisconsin on February 10, 2017, aged 81.

H. Boyd Woodruff

Harold Boyd Woodruff (July 22, 1917 – January 19, 2017) was an American soil microbiologist. He was a member of the National Academy of Sciences. He was known for the discovery of actinomycin, and the development of the industrial production by fermentation of many natural products. This included cyanocobalamin (a synthetic form of Vitamin B12), the avermectins, and other important antibiotics.

Woodruff died on January 19, 2017, at the age of 99 at his home in Watchung, New Jersey.

John McCormack (ice hockey)

John Ronald "Johnny" McCormack (August 2, 1925 – February 22, 2017) was a Canadian ice hockey centre. He was born in Edmonton, Alberta. McCormack began his National Hockey League career with the Toronto Maple Leafs in 1947. He also played for the Montreal Canadiens and Chicago Black Hawks. He retired from the NHL in 1955 season.

McCormack won two Stanley Cups in his career, one in 1951 with Toronto and another in 1953 with Montreal. He also won the 1945 Memorial Cup with the St. Michael's Majors and the Allan Cup in 1950 with the Toronto Marlboroughs.

McCormack died on February 22, 2017 at his home in Oshawa, Ontario, aged 91.

Rhys Wakefield

Rhys Wakefield (born 20 November 1988) is an Australian actor. He started his career in 2000. He is best known for his roles in the movies "The Black Balloon" (2008), "Sanctum" (2011) and "The Purge" (2013). He also appeared as Lucas Holden in the soap opera "Home and Away" from 2005 to 2008.

Wakefield was born in Cairns, Queensland. He grew up in Sydney, New South Wales.

Sabine Oberhauser

Sabine Oberhauser (30 August 1963 – 23 February 2017) was an Austrian medical doctor and politician. She was a member of the Social Democratic Party. She was the Minister for Health and Minister for Women from 2014 until her death. She had also been a member of the National Council since 2006.

Oberhauser was born in Vienna. She was married and had two daughters.

Oberhauser said she had abdominal cancer in 2016. She died on 23 February 2017, at the age of 53.

Mea Shearim

Me'a She'arim, Hebrew: מאה שערים - "hundred gates", is a neighbourhood of Jerusalem. 

The Me'a She'arim neighbourhood was founded in 1874 and its population consists primarily of Haredi Jews.

It is one of the oldest neighbourhoods of the city and lies northwest of the Old City of Jerusalem. 

Rishon LeZion

Rishon LeZion, Hebrew: רִאשׁוֹן לְצִיּוֹן - "first of Zion", is a city in Israel. About 244,000 people were living here in 2015.

Rishon LeZion is in the Gush Dan region in the Central District, south of Tel Aviv.

It was founded by Russian Jews in 1882.

Districts of Israel

The State of Israel is divided into six districts. In Hebrew, a district is called "makhoz" - מחוז (plural: "mehozot" - מחוזות).

These districts are:


Likud

Likud ( - HaLikud, meaning "The Consolidation", official name: "HaLikud-National Liberal Movement", commonly called "Likud"), is an Israeli political party.

Its ideology is right-wing conservative, nationalist, and Zionist.

Political leader is Benjamin Netanyahu (Prime Minister of Israel, 1996–1999, 2009–2021, 2022–).

Likud was founded in 1973 as a a result of an alliance (and later on a merger in 1988) of six liberal and nationalist parties, like Gahal, Herut and the Liberal Party.

Founders were Menachem Begin and Yitzhak Shamir, who both became Prime Minister of Israel.

Number of seats in the 25th Knesset: 32 (+3).

Participating in the Fourth Netanyahu Government and the Netanyahu-Gantz Government.

Creos Luxembourg

Creos Luxembourg S.A. owns and manages electricity networks and natural gas pipelines in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

Creos was formed as a result of a deal to unite:
On 23 January 2009 Cegedel S.A. and Saar Ferngas AG were moved to Soteg S.A. This made a new energy group named Enovos. It included the parent company Enovos International S.A. and the two main subsidiaries: Creos (formerly Cegedel S.A.) in charge of network activities, and Enovos Luxembourg S.A. in charge of production, sales and marketing. Enovos and Creos each have a subsidiary for the German market: Enovos Deutschland and Creos Deutschland.
In 2010, Creos bought the natural gas networks from Luxgaz Distribution S.A. On 1 January 2011, the City of Luxembourg transferred its electricity and natural gas networks and its teams to Creos in exchange for owning units of property in Creos. The owned units of property increased from 5.71% to 24.57%. Creos also owns units of property in Luxmetering (the Interest Economic Group which has piloted the smart metering network) since 2012 , Balansys (joint-venture between Creos and Fluxys Belgium) and Ampacimon since 2015 and NEXXTLAB since 2018.

In order to make a difference between the parent company and its subsidiaries – energy provider Enovos and grid operator Creos –, Enovos International is now called Encevo. Private equity firm Ardian sold its stake up to 24.92 percent in Encevo to China Southern Power Grid International, the second grid operator in China and in the world.
Following a reorganization of the Encevo Group in Germany at the end of October 2021, Creos Luxembourg sold its stake in Creos Deutschland Holding GmbH  . On 1 July 2023, Laurence Zenner, previously head of CFL Cargo, became the new CEO of Creos Luxembourg.

Creos Luxembourg S.A. plans, constructs and maintains the electricity and natural gas transmission and distribution networks in the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg.

In Luxembourg, following the liberalisation of the energy markets, an independent organisation – the Luxembourg Institute of Regulation – organises and supervises access to the networks. The tariffs are subject to its approval. The energy suppliers are guaranteed transparent access to Creos's networks.

The majority of the electricity in Luxembourg comes from Germany via two double high-voltage 220,000 volt (220 kV) lines connected to the German network. Interconnection with Belgium has become operational with a phase shifting transformer at the Schifflange Centre in October 2017. Around 15% of the energy is produced locally (biogas, cogeneration, wind turbines, hydroelectricity and photovoltaics). 
The electricity is send to the six stations (Flebour, Roost, Itzig/Blooren, Heisdorf, Bertange and Schifflange) where the voltage is reduced from 220 to 65 kV. It is given to industries and large municipal distribution networks. The voltage is then reduced from 65 kV to 20 kV in more than 60 transformer stations in the whole country. The electric energy obtained is distributed to SMEs, towns and villages where the transformers reduce the current voltage to 0.4 kV before distributing it to the final consumer. A control centre, known as Electricity Dispatching, controls and manages these high and medium-voltage networks.
The total length of the Luxembourg electricity network managed by Creos is 10,123 kilometres, including 593 kilometres of high-voltage lines, 3,702 kilometres of medium-tension lines and 5,828 kilometres of low tension lines.
Thanks to its connections with Germany, Belgium and France, Luxembourg is linked to the interconnected gas networks throughout Europe. Monitored by Dispatching Gas, the high and medium-pressure pipelines distribute the gas to 60 communes that are connected to the national gas network. Pressure-reducing stations that supply the local networks then reduce the gas pressure. Creos distributes natural gas in 45 communes.

Since 1 October 2015, Creos and Fluxys Belgium, in collaboration with their respective regulators ILR and CREG, have united the national markets of Luxembourg and Belgium into one Belux market. This integration, the first between two European Union member states, reflects the will of the European Union to create an European gas market without borders. Balansys, the joint venture between Creos and its Belgian counterpart Fluxys, is the balancing operator in the Belux zone from 1 June 2020. It is responsible for ensuring that the gas market is well supplied, without one of the two suppliers having to pay an entry fee for its gas on the other's market.

Creos has four regional centres. They build, operate, maintain and repair the electricity and natural gas networks.

The Roost Centre covers the central and northern regions. It covers the high, medium and low-voltage electricity services and the medium and low-pressure natural gas services, the central store and the mechanical and electrical workshops.

The Schifflange Centre covers the southern part of the country.

The Luxembourg City Centre, which covers the capital and the communes of Strassen and Hesperange, moved together with the Strassen headquarters to a new site in Merl at the end of 2021.

The Contern Centre manages and adjusts the meters, in particular smart meters.

Dispatching for electricity and natural gas together with the monitoring rooms for remote network control and management are installed in Bettembourg since 2020.

Creos works in two national projects; smart grids, electromobility and energy management.
In accordance with the law of 7 August 2012 that puts the European Energy Efficiency Directive into Luxembourg law, all the gas and electricity meters must be changed in the country, independently of the network operator. Creos has made 300,000 smart meters that record information about energy in Luxembourg. This includes 250,000 electricity meters and 50,000 gas meters. The installation of these new electricity and gas meters – called Smarty – in Luxembourg homes will allow the creation of networks with real intelligence: smart grids. These smart grids can monitor decentralised electricity production (like wind turbines and photovoltaic panels), regulating the variations of the feeds into the distribution networks with greater precision and managing the demand peaks linked with the charging of electric vehicles more effectively. The law from 7 August 2012 also demands that the metering system must be able to receive water and heating.
Creos will install 800 public charging stations for electric cars and hybrid plug-in cars across the country. Each charging station will have two charging points, and the network – called Chargy – will include 1,600 parking spaces for electric vehicles. Creos will be responsible for the deployment, operation and maintenance of the public charging infrastructure on its distribution network, a total of 749 stations out of the 800 that are to be installed. In January 2021, Creos inaugurated the first two Superchargy ultra-fast charging terminals at Kirchberg, a district of Luxembourg City. By 2023, 88 SuperChargy direct current (DC) terminals will be along the country's main roads and motorways, as well in some Park & Ride car parks, 19 locations in all.

Creos is also preparing the Third Industrial Revolution of the country. This convergence of IT, renewable energy and means of transport will have an impact on how the power grids are managed. For this evolution, the grid operator joined forces with Powerdale S.A . to create NEXXTLAB, which aims to make innovative solutions in the field of energy management with electro-mobility.


Limpopo River

The Limpopo River is a river in Africa. It goes through the countries of South Africa, Botswana, Zimbabwe, and Mozambique and forms part of the border of South Africa. It empties into the Indian Ocean.

Cherry picking

Cherry picking is when someone picks the case which supports his opinion.

For example, suppose twenty studies have been done on a new medicine and 19 say it works, but one says it does not work. To "cherry pick" is to use the one failed study to "prove" that the medicine is useless. It is a type of confirmation bias, where a person sees evidence for what they want or expect to see, and ignores evidence which goes against their belief.

The term cherry picking comes from when people harvest cherries from a tree - the cherry picker only takes the reddest, ripest fruits. If someone looked at all the fruit the person had picked, they might think that all the cherries were red, until they went to the tree and saw lots of pale, unripe cherries still on it.

Cherry picking as a term is quite negative, as it implies that the person doing the cherry picking is trying to deceive the audience, or simply does not care about the facts.

When applied to subjects like medicine and science, cherry picking is considered "bad science". or a sign of pseudoscience.

Cherry picking can take several forms. The most obvious case of cherry picking is where only evidence that supports a given argument is used, and other evidence which does not support it or goes against it is ignored or covered up. Other examples can include giving a lot of emphasis to evidence which supports the idea but barely any to other evidence, and taking a quote out of context so that it seems to have a different meaning than it originally did.

Pseudoscience is when untrue claims are made to appear as though they have a scientific basis, even though they do not. Many pseudoscientists cherry pick real scientific evidence to support their claims. It is quite common in science for some studies to contradict others, for example in cases where different methods are used to measure an outcome, or where human error or chance may lead to unusual results. This means that there is often a study someone can use to support their claim, and they can cherry pick that one study even if many more contradict it.

List of municipalities of the Province of Viterbo

The following is a list of the 60 "comuni" of the Province of Viterbo, Lazio, in Italy.

Svalbard Global Seed Vault

The Svalbard Global Seed Vault () is a seed bank (a place where seeds are kept) in Norway. It is on the island of Spitsbergen, near Longyearbyen, in the Arctic Svalbard archipelago. It is about from the North Pole. Conservationist Cary Fowler worked with the Consultative Group on International Agricultural Research (CGIAR), to start the vault.

The vault is there to save many different kinds of plant seeds. The seeds at the vault are copies of seeds from other places around the world. Copies of seeds are kept in case the seeds in other places are lost. Three organizations decided how to manage the vault. Those organizations were the Norwegian government, the Global Crop Diversity Trust (GCDT) and the Nordic Genetic Resource Center (NordGen).

The Norwegian government paid for building the vault. It cost about 45 million Norwegian kroner () to build. Storing seeds in the vault is free. Norway and GCDT pay to operate the vault. GCDT gets money from organisations such as the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation and from different governments worldwide.


Delivery

Delivery may refer to:


Delivery may also refer to:





John Hack

John Hack (November 26, 1842 – March 29, 1933) was a decorated hero of the Union Army in the American Civil War. He was born in Hessen, Germany and lived in Adrian, Michigan.

According to the Military Times Hall of Valor, "on 3 May 1863, while serving with Company B, 47th Ohio Infantry, in action at Vicksburg, Mississippi. Private Hack was one of a party which volunteered and attempted to run the enemy's batteries with a steam tug and two barges loaded with subsistence stores." Hack and nine others in Company B did this while Confederate States Army batteries were shooting at them "under cover of darkness" Hack was awarded the Congressional Medal of Honor "for extreme bravery under fire" on January 3, 1907.


Sidney Haight

Sidney Haight (August 21, 1847 – September 17, 1918) was a soldier in the United States Army during the American Civil War. He received the Medal of Honor, the highest honor of the U.S. military.

Haight was born in Reading, Michigan in 1846. He entered the U.S. Army at Goodland, Michigan, and served in Company E of the 1st Michigan Sharpshooters. He reached the rank of corporal. Haight received the citation for actions at Petersburg, Virginia on July 30, 1864, in the Battle of Petersburg, Virginia. He died Sep. 17, 1918 in Reading, Michigan.
Haight's official Medal of Honor citation reads:

Haight was awarded the Medal of Honor on July 31, 1896.

Viterbo

Viterbo is a very old city and a "comune" in the Lazio region of Central Italy, the capital of the province of Viterbo.

The University of Tuscia, established in 1979, is in the city of Viterbo.

The "comune" of Viterbo has an area of , the largest "comune" of the province, and its altitude is above sea level.

The "comune" borders with the "comuni" Bagnoregio, Bomarzo, Canepina, Caprarola, Celleno, Civitella d'Agliano, Graffignano, Marta, Monte Romano, Montefiascone, Ronciglione, Soriano nel Cimino, Tuscania, Vetralla, Vitorchiano.

The following "frazioni" (hamlets) are part of the "comune" of Viterboː Bagnaia, Fastello, Grotte Santo Stefano, La Quercia, Montecalvello, Ponte di Cetti, Roccalvecce, San Martino al Cimino, Sant'Angelo di Roccalvecce, Tobia, Vallebona.

, there are 67,173 persons (32,186 males and 34,987 females) living in the "comune", for a population density of inhabitants/km².


Viterbo is twinned with:




Gustaw Lutkiewicz

Gustaw Lutkiewicz (29 June 1924 – 24 February 2017) was a Polish actor and singer. He started his career in 1948. He was awarded the Knight's Cross of the Order of Polonia Restituta in 1970, the Officer's Cross in 1985 and later the Medal for Merit to Culture – Gloria Artis in 2012. He was born in Kaunas, Lithuania.

Lutkiewicz died on 24 February 2017 in Warsaw, at the age of 92.


Central tendency

In statistics, a central tendency (or 'measure of central tendency') is a central or typical value for a probability distribution. Measures of central tendency are often called averages.

The most common measures of central tendency are the arithmetic mean, the median and the mode.

James Stevenson

James Stevenson (July 11, 1929 – February 17, 2017) was an American illustrator and author. He wrote over 100 children's books. His cartoons appeared regularly in "The New Yorker" magazine. He usually used a special comic book style of illustration that is very well known. His books, like "What's Under My Bed", have been featured on the "Reading Rainbow" television series. He was born in New York City.

Stevenson died on February 17, 2017 in the neighborhood of Cos Cob in Greenwich, Connecticut, from complications of pneumonia, aged 87.


Marilyn B. Young

Marilyn B. Young (April 25, 1937 – February 19, 2017) was an American historian of American foreign relations. She served as professor of history at New York University.

In 2000, she was awarded a Guggenheim Fellowship and an American Council of Learned Societies Fellowship, and the Berkshire Women's History Prize for "The Vietnam Wars, 1945–1990". She was elected President of the Society for Historians of American Foreign Relations in 2011.

Young died in New York on February 19, 2017, aged 79.

Rohit

Rohit is a given name, usually for males. It is mostly used in India. The word "rohit" refers to the color red. It is derived from Sanskrit, meaning "the first rays of the sun". The early morning sunlight usually has a reddish tint. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021). 


HaAvoda

HaAvoda, Hebrew: העבודה , meaning "The Labor", (full name: Mifleget HaAvoda HaYisrelit, Hebrew: מפלגת העבודה הישראלית , meaning "Israeli Labor Party", often called like that or just "Labor Party") is an Israeli political party.

Its ideology is social democratic, and Zionist.

Political leader is Merav Michaeli (was Amir Peretz). 

HaAvoda was founded in 1968 as a result of a merger of three leftist parties: Mapai, Ahdut HaAvoda, and Rafi.

Number of seats in the 24th Knesset: 7 (+4).
HaAvoda was cooperating with HaTnu'a ("The Movement") and HaTnu'a HaYeruqa ("The Green Movement") as HaMahaneh HaTziyoni ("The Zionist Union"). Together they had 24 seats in the 20th Knesset (2015-2019).

Participating in the Netanyahu-Gantz Government and the Bennett-Lapid Government.

Football in Ireland

Football in Ireland is about association football and can be subdivided into:


Dandot RS

Dandot RS is a village and Union Council, an administrative subdivision, of Jhelum District in the Punjab Province of Pakistan, it is part of Pind Dadan Khan Tehsil.

Wertach

Wertach is a small town in the Oberallgäu district, southern Bavaria, Germany. It is in the German Alps. It is on the river Wertach, southeast of Kempten. The town was the childhood home of the writer W. G. Sebald. It was first mentioned in 955. It received town status in 1423. In March 2014, Eberhard Jehle became mayor 

Edwin Kessler

Edwin Kessler III (December 2, 1928 – February 21, 2017) was an American atmospheric scientist. He was known for being part of the development of Doppler weather radar and was the first director of the National Severe Storms Laboratory (NSSL).

Kessler died in Austin, Texas on February 21, 2017, aged 88.

David Waddington

David Charles Waddington, Baron Waddington (2 August 1929 – 23 February 2017) was a British politician. He was a member of the Conservative Party, and a supporter of Margaret Thatcher.

Waddington was born in Lancashire]. He studied at Hertford College, Oxford and at Gray's Inn, where he qualified as a barrister. 

Waddington served as a Member of Parliament (MP) in the House of Commons from 1968 to 1974 and from 1979 to 1990. He was then made a life peer. He was the government Chief Whip from 1987 to 1989, and served in the Cabinet as Home Secretary from 1989 to 1990. 

He served as Leader of the House of Lords from 1990 to 1992. He then served as the Governor of Bermuda from 1992 to 1997.

Waddington died on 23 February 2017 in England, aged 87.


Jack Pope

Andrew Jackson "Jack" Pope, Jr. (April 18, 1913 – February 25, 2017) was an American judge, attorney, author and legal scholar. He served as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Texas from November 1982 through January 1985.

Pope holds the record of the longest sitting justice in Texas Supreme Court history, having served for 38 years. He was the oldest living former Chief Justice of any supreme court in the United States, as well as the longest living chief justice of any supreme court of any state in United States history.

Pope was born in Abilene, Texas. He studied at the University of Texas Law School and at Abilene Christian University. He turned 100 in 2013.

Pope died at his home in Austin, Texas on February 25, 2017, aged 103.

ActiveX

ActiveX is a system for managing computer files. it controls the "DLL" (Dynamic-link library) that can be used as a shared data over the applications. ActiveX is a type of library in the file DLL. 

In any operating system, such as Linux, Mac or the Microsoft Windows, data files have the same kind of file format as that of the Dynamic-link library. They can be called a resource DLL. Examples of such DLLs include icon libraries, sometimes having the extension ICL, and the font files, having the extensions FON and FOT. For example, ActiveX is well-known for use in web browsers.

Hassan Al-Jundi

Mohammed Hassan Al-Jundi (1938 – 25 February 2017) was a Moroccan author, movie director and movie actor.

Al Jundi was best known for his role as Abu Jahl, Amr ibn Hisham in the Arabic version of the movie "The Message" and also acted as Kisra in the English language version of the movie. He was also popular the role of Rustam in the movie "Qadisiyah".

He acted as Utbah ibn Rabiah in the 2012's in the historical drama series "Umar ibn al-Khattab".

Al-Jundi died on 25 February 2017 in Marrakesh, Morocco, aged 79.

Daryl (magician)

Daryl Easton (August 13, 1955 – February 24, 2017) known professionally as Daryl and born Daryl Martinez, was an American magician. He was born in Las Vegas, Nevada. He would call himself "The Magician's Magician." Daryl usually went by his forename only. He specialized in card tricks, close-up and parlor magic.

Two of his most famous contributions to magic were the "Hot Shot Cut", a knuckle-busting sleight where the spectator's chosen card spins like a boomerang out of the deck, and the "Ultimate Ambition" trick which allows a card to be inserted fairly into the middle of a deck and yet appear back on top.

Daryl accidentally hanged himself in the closet of his hotel room in Hollywood, California on February 24, 2017. He was 61.


Leon Ware

Leon Ware (February 16, 1940 – February 23, 2017) was an American music artist, songwriter and composer. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Besides a solo career as a performer, Ware was best known for producing hits for other artists including Michael Jackson, Quincy Jones, Maxwell, Minnie Riperton and Marvin Gaye. He was known for co-producing the latter's album and the song "I Want You".

Ware died on February 23, 2017 from complications of prostate cancer in Los Angeles, California, aged 77.


Wildpoldsried

Wildpoldsried is a municipality in the district of Oberallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. The village has been awarded for reducing it's carbon footprint and using renewable energy. Wildpoldsried now produces 321 percent more energy than it needs. Last year it gained over 4 million euros of revenue.

Shtetl

A shtetl (, "щетл") is a small Jewish town or village in Eastern Europe.

WWE Universal Championship

The WWE Universal Championship is a professional wrestling world championship in WWE for the men of the SmackDown brand. It is one of three world championships in WWE, along with the WWE Championship (with which it is currently defended together as the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship) and the World Heavyweight Championship from the Raw brand. The current champion is Roman Reigns, who is in his second reign for more than one thousand days.

With the return of the WWE Brand Extension in the middle of 2016, a draft took place in July 19. The WWE Champion Dean Ambrose was drafted to "SmackDown". And as a result, "Raw" was left without a world title. On the July 25, 2016 episode of "Raw", Stephanie McMahon and the general manager Mick Foley created the WWE Universal Championship to be the world title of the program. The first champion was determined at SummerSlam on August 21, 2016. Finn Bálor beat Seth Rollins to win the title.

At WrestleMania 38 Night 2 on April 3, 2022, SmackDown's Universal Champion Roman Reigns defeated WWE Champion Brock Lesnar in a Winner Takes All match to win both championships and become the Undisputed WWE Universal Champion. WWE called the match a championship unification match; however, both titles's histories are still seperately active with Reigns being a double champion, defending both titles together across both brands as the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship. On the April 24, 2023, episode of Raw, WWE Chief Content Officer Triple H announced that regardless of what brand Reigns was drafted to in the 2023 WWE Draft, he and his undisputed championship would become exclusive to that brand. Triple H then prsented a new World Heavyweight Championship for the other brand, which was won by Seth "Freakin" Rollins at Night of Champions. Reigns was drafted to SmackDown and the World Heavyweight Championship became exclusive to Raw. On the June 2, 2023, episode of SmackDown, Triple H gave Reigns with a new singular championship belt to represent the Undisputed WWE Universal Championship. Despite this, Reigns' manager Paul Heyman continued to carry the old WWE and Universal Championship belts until the end of July.

As of 31, 2024.


WWE Women's Championship

The WWE Women's Championship is a wrestling championship in WWE competed for by women of the SmackDown brand. It was created on April 3, 2016 at WrestleMania 32 and replaced the WWE Divas Championship as the women's title in WWE. Between September 2016 and June 2023 it was called the WWE Raw Women's Championship and was exclusive to the "Raw" brand.

At WrestleMania 32 on April 3, 2016, Lita announced that a new WWE Women's Championship would be created. In the process, the Divas Championship would be retired. Later in the night, the Divas Champion Charlotte beat Becky Lynch and Sasha Banks to win the new Women's Championship.

The title shares its name with the old Women's Championship. However, the new title does not share the same title history as the original. The first Women's Championship was unified with the Divas Championship in 2010. As result, they combined their histories.

In the draft that took place on July 19, 2016, Charlotte was drafted to "Raw" and the title was renamed "WWE Raw Women's Championship" on September 5. It became exclusive to SmackDown
on April 28, 2023, when champion Bianca Belair was drafted there. It got its old name back on June 9 and its design was also changed.

Last updated on March 1st, 2024.


WWE SmackDown Tag Team Championship

The WWE SmackDown Tag Team Championship is a wrestling title owned by WWE. It was created for the SmackDown brand after the return of the brand extension. Currently it is made into one with the WWE Raw Tag Team Championship as the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Championship. The first champions were Heath Slater and Rhyno. The Judgment Day (Finn Bálor and Damian Priest) are the current champions and in their second reign.

With the return of the WWE Brand Extension in the middle of 2016, a draft took place in July 19. The WWE Tag Team Champions The New Day (Big E, Kofi Kingston and Xavier Woods) was drafted to "Raw". As a result, "SmackDown Live" was left without a tag team title. On the August 23, 2016 episode of "SmackDown Live", Shane McMahon introduced the SmackDown Tag Team Championship. A tournament was created for determined the first champions. The final match occurred at Backlash on September 11, 2016, and Heath Slater and Rhyno beat The Usos to won the title.

† Chad Gable had a injury after beating The Usos and the American Alpha were removed from the final. The Usos then beat The Hype Bros at Backlash to replace American Alpha in the final.

As of 31, 2024.


WWE Cruiserweight Championship

The WWE Cruiserweight Championship, later known as the NXT Cruiserweight Championship was a wrestling title owned by WWE. Only wrestlers under could compete for it. The first champion was T.J. Perkins. On January 4, 2022, at New Year's Evil, the title was made into one with the NXT North American Championship and retired. Carmelo Hayes was the last champion.

The title did not continue the history of WWE's old Cruiserweight Championship.

In 2016, WWE created the Cruiserweight Classic, a 32-man tournament for cruiserweights. When T.J. Perkins beat Gran Metalik in the final, Triple H gave him the new WWE Cruiserweight Championship for the new cruiserweight division on the Raw brand.

After the show "205 Live" was created, the Cruiserweight Championship also could be defended in this program. When WWE fired the champion at the time, Enzo Amore in January 2018, there was an announcement that there would be a general manager on "205 Live" who would decide what would happen to the championship. Drake Maverick was chosen to be the general manager and he decided that there would be a 16-man tournament to decide a new WWE Cruiserweight Champion and that the final would happen at WrestleMania 34. In the final, Cedric Alexander beat Ali to win the title. After WrestleMania 34, "205 Live" separated from "Raw" so the title was only defended on that show.
On October 3, 2019, the title was renamed to "NXT Cruiserweight Championship", became part of the NXT brand, and started being defended on the "NXT" TV show. On October 18, Drake Maverick announced that NXT's cruiserweight wrestlers could also wrestle on "205 Live". After Jordan Devlin won the title at Worlds Collide on January 25, 2020, the title could also be competed fot on the NXT UK brand.

At NXT WarGames on December 5, 2021. Joe Gacy, who weighed 245 lbs, became the only man above the weight limit to challenge for the championship. Reigning NXT Cruiserweight Champion Roderick Strong allowed Gacy to challenge for the title at WarGames. Gacy said that if he won the title, he would make it an all-inclusive championship. At the event, Strong won and remained champion.

At the special episode of "NXT 2.0" on January 4, 2022, North American Champion Carmelo Hayes defeated Cruiserweight Champion Roderick Strong to make the titles into one. Hayes became the last champion and went on as North American Champion. The Cruiserweight title was then retired. The final episode of "205 Live" aired on February 11, 2022, and it was replaced by "NXT Level Up" the following week on February 18.



Neil Fingleton

Neil Fingleton (18 December 1980 – 25 February 2017) was an English actor and basketball player. He was the tallest British-born man and the tallest man in the European Union at 7 ft 7.56 in (232.6 cm) in height and among the 25 tallest men in the world.

This title has been confirmed by the "Guinness Book of Records" in the summer of 2007; Fingleton took over from Christopher Greener who stood at 7 ft 6 ¼ in (229.2 cm) in height.

Fingleton died on 25 February 2017 from a heart attack in Durham, England, aged 36.

Jean Baptiste de Montesson, Marquis of Montesson

Jean Baptiste de Montesson, Marquis of Montesson (1687-1769) was a French Nobleman, with the rank of a Marquis. His second wife was Charlotte de La Haye de Riou. Despite marrying twice, he had no children.

Baptised at the Church of Saint-Sulpice in Paris, in 1687. He was a member of the Montesson family from the region of Brittany in France. In 1709 he married Marguerite Iris de Poix The couple had no children. Eventually at the age of 70 he married Charlotte de La Haye de Riou. His second wife would eventually become the mistress and later still the secret wife of the Duke of Orléans
The aged Marquis of Montesson died in Paris at the age of 83. He was buried in the "Arcis de Meslay" in Meslay (du-Maine). His tomb was destroyed during the French Revolution.

Brunella Bovo

Brunella Bovo (4 March 1932 – 21 February 2017) was an Italian movie and television actress. She was born in Padua, Italy. She was known for her roles as Edvige in "Miracle in Milan" (1951) and as Wanda in "The White Sheik" (1952). She starred in many B-Movies and soap operas sometimes under the name Barbara Hudson.

Bovo died on 21 February 2017 in Rome from pneumonia, aged 84.


Ludvig Faddeev

Ludvig Dmitrievich Faddeev (also "Ludwig Dmitriyevich"; ) (23 March 1934 – 26 February 2017) was a Soviet and Russian theoretical physicist and mathematician. He discovered of the Faddeev equations in the theory of the quantum mechanical three-body problem and for the development of path integral methods.

Faddeev was born in Leningrad. He studied at Saint Petersburg State University.

Faddeev led the Leningrad School, in which he along with many of his students developed the quantum inverse scattering method for studying quantum integrable systems in one space and one time dimension. This work led to the invention of quantum groups by Drinfeld and Jimbo.

From 1976 to 2000, Faddeev was head of the St. Petersburg Department of Steklov Institute of Mathematics of Russian Academy of Sciences (PDMI RAS).

Faddeev died on 26 February 2017 in St. Petersburg, Russia at the age of 82.

Ivar Aronsson

Ivar Mauritz Aronsson (24 March 1928 – 6 February 2017) was a Swedish rower. He competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics. He won a silver medal in the coxed fours and finished fourth in the eights competition. He won two silver medals in these events at the 1955 European Championships.

WWE United Kingdom Championship

The WWE United Kingdom Championship, later known as the NXT United Kingdom Championship from 2020 to 2022, was a wrestling title owned by WWE and competed for by the men of NXT UK. It was created on 15 December 2016 and a 16-man tournament with British wrestlers happened on 14 and 15 January 2017 to crown the champion. Tyler Bate beat Pete Dunne in the final to become the first champion.
It was also sometimes defended at NXT events and on independent wrestling shows in the United Kingdom before the COVID-19 pandemic. On 4 September 2022 at Worlds Collide, the title was made into one into the NXT Championship, retiring the title. Tyler Bate, the only man to hold the title more than once, was the final champion.

The base design of the belt was similar to the WWE Championship belt introduced in 2014, with differences. Instead of a large cut out of the WWE logo, the center plate was designed after the United Kingdom's royal coat of arms, featuring a lion and a horse, with a shield at the center. Above the shield were the crown jewels. When the championship was originally introduced, the shield at the center of the main plate featured the WWE logo, but that was changed to the NXT UK logo on 17 January 2020 when the title was renamed.

Over the championship's nearly six year history, there were five reigns between four champions. Tyler Bate was the first champion and is also recognized as the final champion. He also had the most reigns at two, he was the youngest champion at 19 (making him the second teenager to win a title in WWE), and his second reign was the shortest reign at 59 days (3 days as recognized by WWE due to tape delay, despite Bate appearing as champion on "NXT" a couple of weeks before his title win on "NXT UK"). Walter had the longest reign, which lasted 870 days, and he was also the oldest champion when he won the title at 31.


Larry P. Arnn

Larry Paul Arnn is an American conservative educator, writer and philanthropist. He has served as the 12th president of Hillsdale College in Hillsdale, Michigan, United States since May 2000.

He is a political conservative who has been influenced by the thought of Leo Strauss and his teacher Harry V. Jaffa.

Ed Garvey

Edward R. "Ed" Garvey (April 18, 1940 – February 22, 2017) was an American lawyer, politician and progressive activist.

Garvey was born in Burlington, Wisconsin. He studied at the University of Wisconsin-Madison.

Garvey worked for the National Football League Players Association (NFLPA), the labor organization representing the professional American football players in the National Football League (NFL). In 1970 Garvey was assigned to counsel union president John Mackey regarding negotiations on a new four year contract with the league's owners. 

Garvey was later offered the position of executive director in the now-certified NFLPA in 1971.

Garvey served as its executive director until 1983, through two strikes (in 1974 and 1982) and invoking antitrust legislation in his many court battles with the league.

Garvey directed the NFLPA though a series of court battles that led, in 1975, to the ruling in Mackey v. NFL that antitrust laws applied to the NFL's restrictions on player movement. 

In 1976, armed with leverage regarding player movement from team to team, Garvey and the union won major concessions from the owners. Garvey's negotiations with the league exchanged the players' threat of pursuing a system of unfettered free agency for an improved package of player benefits.

In 1986, Garvey ran for the U.S. Senate from Wisconsin, losing to Republican incumbent Bob Kasten by a small margin In an unsuccessful bid for Wisconsin governor in 1998 against three-term incumbent Tommy G. Thompson, Garvey sought to highlight campaign finance reform and limited contributions to his campaign to a fixed amount per donor. Thompson won by a wide margin.

Garvey died on February 22, 2017 at his lake home in Verona, Wisconsin, aged 76.

Polyp (medicine)

A polyp is a growth of tissue in areas such as the colon, stomach, nose and ear. It has a stalk which attaches the growth. If it doesn't have a stalk then it is called "sessile."


Mudrike

Mudrike is populated place in Bosnia and Herzegovina, Travnik Municipality.


Carpal tunnel syndrome

Carpal Tunnel Syndrome (CTS) is an injury of the hand/wrist region.

Jean de Noailles, 5th Duke of Noailles

Jean de Noailles, 5th Duke of Noailles ("Jean Louis Paul François"; 26 October 1739, Paris – 20 October 1824) was a French nobleman and was the fifth Duke of Noailles. He first became known for his efforts as a chemist which gained him the election as a member of the "Académie des sciences" in 1777. He was also a Knight of the Order of the Golden Fleece. Having emigrated in 1792, he lived in Switzerland until the Restoration in 1814, when he took his seat as a peer of France.

His first wife, Henriette Anne Louise d'Aguesseau and the couple had several children; 


SKA Saint Petersburg

SKA Saint Petersburg () is a Russian professional ice hockey club based in St. Petersburg. They are members of the Bobrov Division in the Kontinental Hockey League. They first started to play in 1946, and played for the championship in 2015 and won. They are owned by Gazprom Export, a gas company owned by Russia, and have many people go to their games. The team was first a part of the Soviet Army.


Golrokh Ebrahimi Iraee

Golrokh Ebrahimi Iraee or Golrokh Iraee (Farsi: گلرخ ایرایی), born about 1980, is an Iranian writer, accountant and human rights defender who advocates against the practice of stoning in Iran.

Golrokh began serving a six-year sentence in October 2016 for “insulting the sacred” and “propaganda against the state,” after she wrote a story about stoning. Iraee was released from prison on January 3, 2017 after a 71-day hunger strike by her husband and a protest on Twitter that got international attention, but she was returned to prison January 22, after her husband stopped his hunger strike.

Stoning to death is controversial in Iran, and often used against women. In 2010 there was strong international criticism of Iran because of the case of Sakineh Mohammadi Ashtiani. Ashtiani was freed in March 2014, after nine years on death row. Another Iranian woman, Fariba Khalegi, is believed to be in prison and in danger of stoning.

In September 2014, the Iranian government searched the home of Golrokh Ebrahimi Iraee and her husband Arash Sadeghi (Farsi: آرش صادقی) in Tehran. The guards took laptops, notebooks and CDs. They found an unpublished story Iraee wrote about stoning a woman. In the story, a young woman watches the movie, “The Stoning of Soraya M”, becomes angry, and burns a copy of the Koran.

After the story was found, Iraee and her husband Sadegh were arrested by four men believed to be from the Revolutionary Guards. They took Sadegh to Evin Prison, but they took Iraee to a secret place for three days. They did not allow her to see a lawyer or to talk to her family. Then they took her to Evin Prison. For 17 days, they questioned her for hours, blindfolded her, and threatened to kill her. While they interrogated Iraee, she had to listen to the guards kick and choke her husband in the next cell.

Iraee had two short hearings. Her first hearing was about her husband's political activity. She was not permitted to speak. During the second hearing she was in the hospital after surgery, but the court would not look at her medical records. Her first lawyer was pressured to drop her case, and her second lawyer was prohibited from representing her.

In October 2016, Iranian officials called Ebrahimi Iraee on a friend's telephone and told her to go to Evin Prison to start serving a six-year prison sentence. They did not have an arrest warrant, as the law requires. Iraee was convicted of “insulting Islamic sanctities” and “spreading propaganda against the system.”

Amnesty International called on the Iranian governement to set Iraee free. According to Philip Luther, Research and Advocacy Director for the Middle East and North Africa, "She is facing years behind bars simply for writing a story, and one which was not even published – she is effectively being punished for using her imagination. Instead of imprisoning a young woman for peacefully exercising her human rights by expressing her opposition to stoning, the Iranian authorities should focus on abolishing this punishment, which amounts to torture."

On October 24, Iraee's husband Sadeghi went on a hunger strike in prison to protest Iraee's imprisonment. There were demonstrations outside Evin Prison, which is very unusual. Even though Twitter is prohibited in Iran, a Twitter campaign used the hashtag #SaveArash On January 3, 2017 Iraee was set free, and Sadeghi stopped his hunger strike. Sadghi's family said he was having many medical problems, including vomiting blood, and respiratory, heart, kidney and gastrointestinal problems. They took Sadeghi to the hospital, but after only a few days, on January 7 they returned him to prison, even though the doctors said he needed to be in the hospital.

Iranian authorities said Iraee and Sadegh could be temporarily out of prison on bail if they got property bonds worth 7 and 10 billion rials (US$300,000) for Arash Sadeghi and 5 billion rials (US$150,000) for Golrokh Ebrahimi Iraee.

Iraee brought a property deed for the bail, but the government said they had a new order, and that Iraee must return to prison. Iraee refused to return to prison, but when she tried to visit her husband in the hospital, on January 22 the Revolutionary Guards at Sarallah Headquarters forced her to return to Evin Prison.

Golrokh was transferred from Evin prison to a prison in the town of Varamin in March 2018. At this time Golrokh and fellow human rights defender, Atena Daemi were being held in a quarantine section of Shahr-e Rey prison. It has been reported that the conditions are poor, with the activists still wearing the same clothing as when they arrived.

As of 9 March, Golrokh Ebrahimi Iraee, who suffers from severe muscular pain, had been on hunger strike for over one month (35 days), and had reportedly been forcibly given IV fluids since her arrival to the prison.

Katherine Johnson

Katherine Coleman Goble Johnson (August 26, 1918 – February 24, 2020) was an African American physicist and mathematician. She finished schooling at a very early age. Katherine Johnson was 1 of the first 3 black people allowed to study at West Virginia University, because which before that was officially racist and did not let black people be students. She was known for her work on the United States' aeronautics and space programs where she worked with the early application of digital electronic computers at NASA.

She was also known for accuracy in computerized celestial navigation. She made it possible for many space flights such as Project Mercury, including the early NASA missions of John Glenn and Alan Shepard, and the 1969 Apollo 11 flight to the Moon, through the Space Shuttle program to happen. Her calculations were critical to the success of these missions.

Johnson also did calculations for plans for a mission to Mars.
Katherine Goble Johnson wrote 26 research reports. She was the first woman to attend an editorial meeting at NASA.

In 2015, Johnson received the Presidential Medal of Freedom. She was included in the BBC series "100 Women" the next year.

Johnson died on February 24, 2020 at her home in Newport News, Virginia at the age of 101.

Gerald Kaufman

Sir Gerald Bernard Kaufman (21 June 1930 – 26 February 2017) was a British Labour politician.

Kaufman served as a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1970 until his death in 2017. He served first for Manchester Ardwick and then for Manchester Gorton.

He was a government minister in the 1970s and a member of the Shadow Cabinet in the 1980s. He became Father of the House after the retirement of Peter Tapsell in 2015. At the time of his death, he was the eldest sitting MP of the UK Parliament.

Kaufman died on 26 February 2017 at the age of 86.

Love on the Brain

"Love on the Brain" is a song recorded by Barbadian singer Rihanna. It is the fourth single from her eighth studio album, "Anti". She wrote the song with Fred Ball and Joseph Angel, who produced it. The song has reached number 5 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming her 30th top-ten hit in the United States.

The song is about being delirious while in love. It begins with the lyrics, "And you got me like, 'Oh' / What you want from me?" while Rihanna sings in the chorus, "Must be love on the brain / That's got me cursing my name."

J. P. R. Williams

John Peter Rhys Williams (2 March 1949 – 8 January 2024) was a Welsh rugby union player. He played as a fullback. He played for Wales between 1969 and 1981, making 55 appearances. He also played for the British Lions eight times. He started going by his initials because there was another player named John Williams.

Williams was born in Bridgend. Outside of playing rugby, he was a surgeon.

Williams died from bacterial meningitis at a hospital in Cardiff, Wales on 8 January 2024, at the age of 74.


Walt Koken

Walt Koken (born October 9, 1946, Columbia, Missouri) is an American claw-hammer banjo player and old-time fiddler, who received the Nashville Old-Time String Band Association's Heritage Award for 2016. Koken was prominent in the old-time music revival during the 1960s, and continues to be a leader and mentor in the old-time music community today.

Koken defines old-time music as, “fiddle-centric and related music (ballads, etc.) from the Piedmont, Appalachia, the Gulf coast, central Tennessee, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, northern Virginia, western Pennsylvania, and westward with the pioneers all the way to the coast.” "Old-time music is for dancing and its songs are for lifting us above our burdens. Our music gives relief from the everyday burdens of modern life, and an insight into a simpler time, with a glimmer of hope for us all.” 

Koken's mother, Helen Hawkins Koken Pickel, was a classical pianist and a beloved kindergarten teacher. Her family was from England before immigrating to America. His father, John C. Koken, was a math professor whose family emigrated from Germany. The Koken family arrived in New Orleans in 1850, then traveled up the Mississippi River to St. Louis. By 1892, the Koken Barber’s Supply Company of St. Louis held two barber chair patents; one for the first reclining Koken chair and one for the first hydraulic lift chair. In 1915 Walter F. Koken received a patent for the first electric Barber’s Chair. 

Koken started playing banjo at the age of thirteen. “In 1959, my brother had broken his arm, and heard that playing guitar might be a good way to get its strength back. He got his old guitar with a warped neck and high strings, and started strummin’ it. I really thought that was neat, and one day he came to me and said, “Why don’t you get a banjo, and we’ll make some money?”

Since 1965, Koken has played in multiple bands: the Busted Toe Mudthumpers, the Muskrat Ramblers, the Fat City String Band, the legendary Highwoods Stringband, and The Cacklin’ Hens and Roosters Too!. 

Currently, he plays fiddle-banjo duets with his partner and soul-mate Clare Milliner, as well as with Milliner, Kellie Allen, and Pete Peterson as the old-time string band, Orpheus Supertones. In 2011, Koken completed his multi-year literary collaboration with Clare Milliner, "The Milliner-Koken Collection of American Fiddle Tunes."




Alerheim

Alerheim is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is Christoph Achmid.

Frits Soetekouw

Frits Soetekouw (6 June 1938 – 3 May 2019) was a Dutch footballer. He was born in Amsterdam, North Holland.

Soetekouw played as a defender at club level between 1961 and 1971. He played for De Volewijckers, Heracles, Ajax, Eindhoven and DWS. He was the captain of Ajax for a short time. He captained the side in their 5–1 win against Liverpool in 1966. He also once appeared for the Netherlands national team in 1962.

Soetekouw died on 3 May 2019, at the age of 80.


Isabel Lucas

Isabel Lucas (born 29 January 1985 in Melbourne) is an Australian actress. She is well known for her role in the soap opera Home and Away, as well as in movies such as Immortals, , Daybreakers, Red Dawn and The Loft.


Acicular ferrite

Acicular ferrite is a small and hard form of ferrite, one of the allotropes of iron. It has small, needle shaped structures in random positions, which is what makes it harder than ferrite.

Iron Act

The Iron Act was a law created by Great Britain in 1750 making American colonies import more iron from Great Britain instead of refining it on their own.


The act was officially repealed in 1867.

Maryland and Virginia were the only colonies majorly affected. The act essentially stopped all creation of edged tools, nails, and tinplates. Great Britain had a history of creating acts designed to create more trade to England. Some people say that it was one of the Intolerable Acts that led to the American Revolution.

Nhung Nu Hon Ruc Ro

Nhung Nu Hon Ruc Ro also know as "The brilliant kiss" in English is the first musical adaptation of Vietnam by BHD production and was one of the most anticipated films in 2010. The movie received the following nominations: Vietnamese Golden Kite Award for Best Feature Film, Vietnam Film Festival Award for Best Director - Feature film, and the Golden Lotus Award. It is unique in the sense that it is comedy but also a musical. At the core of the movie is an important message about real life issues and love. One of the touching scenes in the end when there is a gay character that expresses his sadness that he does not have a love. The film addresses this by letting the character know that although he does not have a love, he is loved by many of his friends. It is a very fun, positive and uplifting movie. The film brings together the most popular actors today such as Thanh Hang, Ming Hang, and Phuong Thanh. All the scenes in the film were made at Ngoc Suong Resort which is in Nha Trang, Vietnam.

After the launch of movie Nhung nu hon ruc ro by director Nguyen Quang Dung in 2011 people have begun to notice the beauty of Cam Ranh Bay where the movie was filmed. This destination has often been a favorite spot for couples out for their wedding photo shoots and artists to film their music videos. Those who wish to discover beautiful beaches can head onto National Highway 1A towards Cam Thinh Dong Commune in Cam Ranh Town.

The film's story revolves around the daughter of the resort owner, Thanh Lam is on the verge of bankruptcy. She obtained the trust of his father while promising to make a fantastic musical concerts with famous singers appeared and will televise live nationwide Valentine's Day to draw the attention of the Investors.

Irish Americans

Irish Americans () are an North American ethnic group. They are American citizens whose ancestors were Irish.

People are called Irish Americans if: 

Most Irish people came to the United States between the 17th to mid-19th centuries.

The largest number of Irish people came to the United States between 1820 and 1860. During this time, one out of every three people who immigrated to the United States was Irish. Between 1820 and 1860, 1,956,557 Irish people arrived in the United States. 75% of these immigrants - about 1.5 million Irish people - came after the Great Famine of 1845-1852 (also called "The Great Hunger". Many Irish people died while trying to travel to America on coffin ships. Between 1820 and 1930, about 4.5 million Irish people moved to the United States.

Most Irish people who came to the United States during the 1800s lived in big cities where there were many other Irish people. They did this so they could help and protect each other. Many stayed near the ports where they arrived, like Boston, New York City, San Francisco, and Los Angeles. Many Irish people also lived in Chicago, Philadelphia, Detroit, St. Louis, Pittsburgh, and Baltimore.

Most of the Irish immigrants who came to America in the 1800s were Catholic. At that time, most of the United States was controlled by Protestants who were ethnically English, Anglo-Saxon, and Germanic.

Many Irish immigrants were treated badly. For example: 

Some politicians spoke out against Irish people. For example, in 1836, Benjamin Disraeli wrote:

In the mid-1950s, a political group called the Know-Nothing Movement tried to get Catholic politicians fired from their jobs.

Stereotypes about Irish Americans did not go away. For example, President Richard Nixon once said: 

In 2013, about 33.3 million Americans - about one in every 10 - reported having some Irish ancestry. This is about seven times the number of people who actually live in Ireland.

Allotropes of iron

Iron is the most often-used example of a metal with allotropes. These allotropes are α-iron, aka ferrite, γ-iron, aka austenite, and δ-iron, which doesn’t have another name. At higher temperatures, ε-iron exists, called hexaferrum. There is evidence for a fifth form, but it has not been proven to exist.

Delta Iron is Iron below 1538°C. Austenite is created when Iron cools further, to 1394°C. Beta ferrite Iron is the term for Iron that’s paramagnetic. Alpha Iron is all Iron below 912°C. Epsilon Iron is created above 10 GigaPascals and below 100°K.

Anthracite iron

Anthracite iron is iron smelted using anthracite coal, and is a form of pig iron. Anthracite Iron aided the industrial revolution by allowing iron production to skyrocket.

Charcoal prices rose so it was more expensive to create iron. So anthracite was used instead.

Royal Rumble (2017)

Royal Rumble (2017) was a wrestling Pay-per-view made by WWE. It happened on January 29, 2017. It was performed at the Alamodome in San Antonio, Texas. It was the thirtieth time a Royal Rumble was held, the second to be held at the Alamodome and the fourth to be held in Texas.

Eight matches were performed at the event. The most important match was the Royal Rumble match. Randy Orton won it by last eliminating Roman Reigns for a world championship match at WrestleMania 33. Tye Dillinger also wrestled in WWE for the first time in the Royal Rumble. John Cena beat WWE Champion AJ Styles in another important match that was for the title. That was the thirteenth time John won the title (which is a record) and the sixteenth time he won a world championship. That meant he tied Ric Flair's record.

WrestleMania 33

WrestleMania 33 was the thirty-third yearly WrestleMania wrestling Pay-per-view event made by WWE. It happened on April 2, 2017 at the Camping World Stadium in Orlando, Florida. It was the second WrestleMania that happened at the stadium and the third that happened in Florida. The New Day (Big E, Kofi Kingston, and Xavier Woods) hosted the event. WWE said it was attended by 75,245 people.

Thirteen matches took place at the event, including three on the Kickoff pre-show. For the first time since WrestleMania 29 in 2013, two world championship matches happened: one for Raw's Universal Championship and one for SmackDown's WWE Championship. In the main event, Roman Reigns defeated The Undertaker in a No Holds Barred match, meaning Undertaker lost for the second time at WrestleMania. Brock Lesnar defeated Goldberg to win the Universal Championship, becoming the first wrestler to win both the WWE and Universal titles. In the main match from SmackDown, Randy Orton defeated Bray Wyatt to win his ninth WWE Championship. The event also featured the surprise return of The Hardy Boyz (Jeff Hardy and Matt Hardy), who won the Raw Tag Team Championship.

Maryland Toleration Act

The Maryland Toleration Act was a law passed in the U.S. colony of Maryland in 1649 that protected Christians from fights and discrimination. This mostly applied to Catholics and Protestants. It was an important step to religious freedom for the colonies.

Xiluodu Dam

The Xiluodu Dam is a hydroelectric dam on the Yangtze River in China. It is near the town of Xiluohu in Yunnan Province. One of the largest of its kind in the world, construction began in 2005 and the dam was put into use in 2013.

Bertram Kostant

Bertram Kostant (May 24, 1928 – February 2, 2017) was an American mathematician. He was known for his works in Kostant partition function and Kostant–Parthasarathy–Ranga Rao–Varadarajan determinants. In 2016, he won the Wigner Medal. He worked at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and at the University of California, Berkeley.

Kostant was born in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at the University of Chicago. 

Kostant died at a rehabilitation center in Roslindale, Massachusetts on February 2, 2017 from stroke complications, aged 88.

Jiří Lanský

Jiří Lanský (17 September 1933 – 14 February 2017) was a Czech high jumper. He won silver medals at the 1954 and 1958 European Championships. He finished seventh at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Lanský died in Prague, Czech Republic on 14 February 2017, aged 83.

Suthan Suthersan

Suthan Suthersan (10 June 1956 – 20 February 2017) was a Sri Lankan-American environmental engineer. He served as the Chief Technical Officer and Executive Vice President of Arcadis North America.

Suthersan was born in Jaffna, Sri Lanka. He studied at the University of Peradeniya and at the University of Toronto.

Suthersan died on 20 February 2017 in Hopewell Township, New Jersey, aged 60.


Peter A. Diamond

Peter Arthur Diamond (born April 29, 1940) is an American economist. Diamond is known for his analysis of U.S. Social Security policy and his work as an advisor to the Advisory Council on Social Security in the late 1980s and 1990s.

He was awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 2010, along with Dale T. Mortensen and Christopher A. Pissarides. He won the Prize for studying what happens when trading in markets is difficult. For example, because buyers and sellers need to find another before they can trade.

He is an Institute Professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. On June 6, 2011 he withdrew his nomination to serve on the Federal Reserve’s board of governors, citing intractable Republican opposition for 14 months.


Oliver E. Williamson

Oliver Eaton Williamson (September 27, 1932 – May 21, 2020) is an American economist. He was a professor at the University of California, Berkeley. He was a laureate of the 2009 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences.

Williamson died on May 21, 2020 in Oakland, California of pneumonia-related problems at the age of 87.


Tania Dalton

Tania Dalton (née Nicolson; 26 November 1971 – 1 March 2017) was a New Zealand international netball player. She was part of the 2003 Netball World Championships winning Silver Ferns squad. She made 12 caps for the Silver Ferns in total, playing in the positions of goal shooter (GS) and goal attack (GA). 

Dalton was a member of the New Zealand national netball team, the Silver Ferns from 1996–2004 and 2006–07; she was also named in 2005 but was forced out through injury. She played domestic netball for the Northern Force from 1998 until 2000, and the championship-winning Southern Sting from 2002–2006.

After retiring from playing professional netball, she worked as a netball commentator on SKY Sports for international tests, the ANZ Championship and National Championships, alongside former internationals Anna Stanley, Natalie Avellino, Kathryn Harby-Williams and Bernice Mene. 

Dalton is also a part owner of the franchise food outlet chain, Pita Pit New Zealand Limited.

Dalton collapsed on 23 February 2017 while playing a regular game of social touch rugby in her home town of Takapuna, Auckland. She was running at the time and was not injured in the game. She was immediately hospitalised in a critical condition with a ruptured internal carotid artery aneurysm. On 28 February 2017, her family turned off her life support. She died the next day, on 1 March, at the age of 45.

Preben Hertoft

Preben Hertoft (5 January 1928 – February 2017) was a Danish psychiatrist and professor in medical sexology, senior doctorate in medicine.

Hertoft worked over 40 years as a sexologist doing research, treatment, counseling and education. 

In 1986 he founded the first medical centre for sexology in Denmark. Most of the time he had heterosexual and homosexual patients with sexual problems in therapy, but he also treated and counselled transvestites and pedophiles.


Eugene Garfield

Eugene Garfield (September 16, 1925 – February 26, 2017) was an American linguist and businessman, one of the founders of bibliometrics and scientometrics. Garfield's work led to the development of several Information Retrieval algorithms, like HITS and Pagerank.

Garfield was born in New York City. He studied at the University of Pennsylvania. Garfield died on February 26, 2017 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from a heart attack, aged 91.

Garfield was born in 1925 in New York City as Eugene Eli Garfinkle, and was raised in a Lithuanian-Italian Jewish family.

He studied at the University of Colorado and University of California, Berkeley before getting a Bachelor of Science degree in chemistry from Columbia University in 1949. Garfield also received a degree in Library Science from Columbia University in 1953.

Working as a laboratory assistant at Columbia University after his graduation, Garfield indexed all previously synthesized compounds so that not to remake them, which helped him understand that his inclination to information towards science was bigger than towards chemistry.

In 1951, he got a position at the Welch Medical Library at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore, Maryland, where most of the National Library of Medicine information systems were developed.

In 1956, Garfield founded the Institute for Scientific Information (ISI), which was located in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. ISI formed a major part of the science division of Thomson Reuters.

Garfield is survived by a wife, three sons, a daughter, a step-daughter, two granddaughters, and two great-grandchildren.


Deaths in March 2017

The following is a list of notable deaths in March 2017. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



































Data matrix

Data matrix is an invention of a two-dimensional barcode.

The coded information can be text or numbers. It is read by a barcode reader.

Error correction codes are often used to increase reliability. Even if one or more cells are damaged, the message can still be read. A data matrix symbol can store up to 2,335 alphanumeric characters.

Beta ferrite

Beta ferrite is ferrite that is paramegnetic instead of ferromagnetic, heated to a temperature of above 771°C.

β-Fe may refer to an unproven to exist fifth allotrope of iron, only produced once in Uppsala University. Iron was compressed to 35-40 GPa then heated to 1500°K and scanned. The result was never reproduced.

Robin Stenuit

Robin Stenuit (born June 16, 1990 in Ottignies-Louvain-la-Neuve) is a Belgian road bicycle racer. His speciality is sprinting.

Participating in professional teams since 2011, Stenuit has been riding for Wanty-Groupe Gobert since 2016.

He achieved several victories, among others the Grand Prix de la ville de Nogent-sur-Oise and the Memorial Van Coningsloo, both in 2015.



Bloomery

A bloomery is a type of furnace that was once widely used for smelting oxides. Bloomeries were the first smelters able to smelt iron. The result of using a bloomery is a mass of iron and slag called a bloom. This is called sponge iron, because it is porous like a sponge. Sponge iron is usually refined into wrought iron. Bloomeries are no longer used in smelting, because blast furnaces are better.

A bloomery consists of a chimney with heat-resistant walls made of earth, clay, or stone. Near the bottom, pipes (made of clay or metal) enter through the side walls. The pipes allow air to enter.

To use a bloomery, charcoal is inserted into the chimney, then heated. Then roughly the same volume of iron is inserted. A common product of this process is fayalite, which occurs when iron mixes with slag.

Iron began to be used around 1200 BC.

China appeared to not use bloomeries, seemingly skipping to blast furnaces. However, bloomeries have been found in China, though these were likely only brought from other locations, and not built in China.

Bloomeries had been used in Sub-Saharan Africa before 500 BC.

European Bloomeries started very small, smelting about 1kg of iron with each use, but got larger over time, smelting about 14kg on average in the fourteenth century.

Bog iron

Bog iron is a form of iron found in swamps. Bog Iron is generally found in a spring.

Smelting bog iron has existed since pre-Roman times. Most iron smelted during the Viking era came from bog iron. In Russia, bog iron was the main source of iron until the sixteenth century.

Iron was produced by Vikings around 1000 AD.

Mining Bog Iron had been done in Virginia as early as 1608, and more bog iron has been mined in New Jersey and Maryland.

Moshe Katsav

Moshe Katsav, Hebrew: משה קצב , (born December 5, 1945 in Yazd, Iran) is a former Israeli politician of Likud.

He was mayor of Kiryat Malakhi, a Member of Knesset and a (deputy) government minister. He was also President of Israel from 2000 to 2007.

From 2011 to 2016 he was in prison because of a conviction of sexual offences (like rape). Katsav denied the accusations.


Hérault (river)

The Hérault () is a river in southern France that flows into the Mediterranean Sea. The Hérault department is named after this river.

The Hérault river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of of which 64.8% are forests and 32.0% are used for farming.

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Agde, near its mouth.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Agden
The Hérault starts in the "Col de Prat Peyrot" on the Mont Aigoual, in the Cévennes, southeastern Massif Central, in the "commune" of Valleraugue, Gard department, at an altitude of about .

The Hérault flows to the south, in general, and passes through the Gard and Hérault, in the Occitanie region, and a total of 43 "communes", most of them in the Hérault department:


Finally, it flows into the Mediterranean Sea in Agde, in the Hérault department.

The main tributaries of the Hérault river are:

Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Carbonyl iron

Carbonyl iron is type of very pure iron. Less than 2.5% of the substance isn’t iron. Carbonyl iron is a component of radar absorbing material, for stealth purposes. Carbonyl iron is used to treat iron deficiency.

Capital Punishment (album)

Capital Punishment is the first studio album by American rapper, Big Punisher. It was released on April 28, 1998 through Loud Records and Terror Squad Entertainment. The album received critical acclaim, peaking at #1 on the Top R&B Albums and #2 on the Billboard 200 charts.

1. "Intro" 
0:33
2. "Beware" 
Christopher Rios Jerry Tineo
JuJu
3:15
3. "Super Lyrical" (featuring Black Thought) 
Rios Dana Stinson Tariq Trotter Sean Combs Christopher Wallace Norman Glover Chucky Thompson Reginald Elis
Rockwilder
3:28
4. "Taster's Choice" (skit) 
1:20
5. "Still Not a Player" (featuring Joe) 
Rios Jerome Foster
Knobody Dahoud (co.) Nomad (co.)
3:56
6. "Intermission" 
Mike Zulu
0:21
7. "The Dream Shatterer" 
Rios
Domingo
3:33
8. "Punish Me" (featuring Miss Jones) 
Rios Frank Pimentel
Frank Nitty
4:15
9. "Pakinamac Pt. I" (skit) 
1:35
10. "You Ain't a Killer" 
Rios Richard Frierson
Young Lord
4:14
11. "Pakinamac Pt. II" (skit) 
0:57
12. "Caribbean Connection" (featuring Wyclef) 
Rios Frierson Wyclef Jean
Young Lord
3:24
13. "Glamour Life" (featuring Fat Joe and Terror Squad) 
Rios Leshan Lewis
L.E.S.
4:43
14. "Capital Punishment" (featuring Prospect) 
Rios Michael Dewar Collin Dewar
The Infinite Arkatechz
4:20
15. "Uncensored" (skit) (featuring Funkmaster Flex) 
2:12
16. "I'm Not a Player" 
Rios Kenny Gamble Leon Huff
Minnesota
3:41
17. "Twinz (Deep Cover 98)" (featuring Fat Joe) 
Rios Joseph Cartagena Calvin Broadus Andre Young Collin Wolfe
Big Punisher Fat Joe
3:49
18. "The Rain & the Sun" (Interlude) (featuring dead prez) 
Rios Clayton Gavin Lavonne Alford
dead prez
1:49
19. "Boomerang" 
Rios Cartagena Vic Padilla
V.I.C.
3:35
20. "You Came Up" 
Rios Stinson
Rockwilder
3:54
21. "Tres Leches (Triboro Trilogy)" (featuring Prodigy and Rebel-INS) 
Rios Albert Johnson Jason Hunter Robert Diggs Eric Barrier William Griffin, Jr.
RZA DJ Roc Raida (scratches)
4:19
22. "Charlie Rock Shout" (skit) 
0:26
23. "Fast Money" 
Rios
Danny O & EQ
3:48
24. "Parental Discretion" (featuring Busta Rhymes) 
Rios Rodney Lemay


Ned Garver

Ned Franklin Garver (December 25, 1925 – February 26, 2017) was an American professional baseball player. He played as a pitcher in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1948 to 1961. He played for St. Louis Browns, Detroit Tigers, Kansas City Athletics and Los Angeles Angels. He was born in Ney, Ohio.

Garver died on February 26, 2017 in Bryan, Ohio, at the age of 91.

Vladimir Petrov (ice hockey)

Vladimir Vladimirovich Petrov (; 30 June 1947 – 28 February 2017) was a Russian Soviet ice hockey player. He was an Olympic gold medalist twice (1972, 1976) and silver medalist (1980). He was born in Krasnogorsk.

Petrov died on 28 February 2017 in Moscow, at the age of 69.

Peter Mathews (politician)

Peter Mathews (7 August 1951 – 28 February 2017) was an Irish politician. He was a member of Fine Gael before becoming independent in 2013. He served as Teachta Dála (TD) from February 2011 to February 2016 for the Dublin South constituency. He was born in Dublin.

Mathews died from oesophageal cancer on 28 February 2017, at the age of 65.

Leone di Lernia

Leone di Lernia (born Leonardo di Lernia; 18 April 1938 – 28 February 2017) was an Italian radio host, singer, actor and composer. He gained popularity in early 1990s, thanks to the cover of parody or comedic songs of dance music. He has been for almost fifteen years (1999 to 2008 and again, even if partially, from 2011 to 2016) the host of the radio program Lo Zoo di 105 on Radio 105 Network.

Lernia died in Milan on 28 February 2017 from liver cancer, aged 78.

Toshio Nakanishi

, also known by the pseudonyms Tycoon To$h or Typhoom Tosh, was a Japanese musician and graphic designer. He was best known as the founding member of new wave band Plastics in 1976. 

He was at first a part of the technopop fever in Japan and later acted as a pioneer of the Japanese hip hop scene with his label Major Force.

Nakanishi died in Tokyo from esophageal cancer on February 25, 2017, aged 61.


Elisabeth Waldheim

Elisabeth "Sissy" Waldheim (née Ritschel; 13 April 1922 – 28 February 2017) was an Austrian businesswoman. She was the wife of Kurt Waldheim, the United Nations Secretary-General and President of Austria. She was the First Lady of Austria from 1986 to 1992. She applied for Nazi Party membership as soon as she was old enough, and was accepted in 1941". She was born in Vienna.

She died on 28 February 2017 in Vienna at the age of 94.

Taarak Mehta

Taarak Mehta (26 December 1929 – 1 March 2017) was an Indian columnist, humourist, writer and playwright. He was best known for the column "Duniya Ne Undha Chasma" in the Gujarati language. He translated and adapted many comedies into Gujarati. He was also a well-known figure in the Gujarati theatre. He was born in Ahmedabad, Gujarat.

Mehta died after a long illness on 1 March 2017, at the age of 87.

Mahershala Ali

Mahershala Ali (born Mahershalalhashbaz Gilmore; February 16, 1974) is an American actor and rapper. He is best known for his roles in "The 4400" (2004–2007), "Predators" (2010), "House of Cards" (2013–2016), "The Hunger Games: Mockingjay" – Part 1" (2014) and "Part 2" (2015), "Moonlight" (2016) and "Green Book" (2018). He has won two Academy Awards for Best Supporting Actor for "Moonlight" and "Green Book". He was the first Muslim actor to win an Oscar.

Ali was born in Oakland, California. He is the son of Willicia and Phillip Gilmore. He grew up in Hayward, California. He is an Ahmadi Muslim. He is married to Amatus Sami-Karim. They have a daughter, Bari Najma (born February 22, 2017).

Ugrić

Ugrić is a right tributary of the Ugar river in Central Bosnia. It is about in length, and its source is Vlašić's Mountain slopes. It is an essential body of water for surrounding wildlife.

Ugrić springs from the fountain of the same named Osmanovac stream; altitude 940 m, in the region of the elevation Krčevine. Above Krčevina regional there is communications Skender Vakuf – Turbe – Travnik, which marks a watershed between the basins of Ugar and Vrbanja rivers. It runs to the southwest, between Ćelehovsko hill (909 m) and by Barišića strane (Glavica, 897 m).


John Harlan (announcer)

John Henry Harlan (December 21, 1925 – February 27, 2017) was an American television and radio announcer. He has worked on many television projects for over 40 years, mainly game and variety shows. He was born in Sonoma County, California.

Perhaps his best-known work was for the Bob Hope specials aired on NBC during the 1960s through the 1990s and for "Name That Tune" produced between 1974 and 1985.

Harlan studied at California State University, Fresno, graduating in 1948.

Harlan died in Los Angeles, California on February 27, 2017, aged 91.

Betty Okino

Elizabeth Anne "Betty" Okino (born June 4, 1975 in Entebbe, Uganda) was one of the first African-American gymnasts. 

Along with being a former Olympic bronze medalist in gymnastics, Okino is also an actress today. She retired in 1992 with 3 silver medals, 2 bronze medals, and 1 gold medal. She represented the U.S. She has been in movies like Æon Flux and Creature Unknown.

SummerSlam (2016)

SummerSlam (2016) was a wrestling pay-per-view (PPV) made by WWE. It happened on August 21, 2016 at the Barclay's Center in Brooklyn, New York. It was the twenty-ninth time a SummerSlam PPV was held, the second year in a row that it happened at the Barclay's Center and the first WWE PPV since the WWE brand extension started up again.

Twelve matches were performed at the event. In the most important match, Brock Lesnar beat Randy Orton by technical knockout while in another important match, Finn Balor beat Seth Rollins to become the first WWE Universal Champion. 
This match was for the WWE World Championship. "SmackDown" wrestler Dean Ambrose won a match for the title at "Battleground" on July 25 against "Raw" wrestlers Roman Reigns and Seth Rollins. So "SmackDown" needed to find a challenger for Dean for "SummerSlam" and they had a six-pack challenge to find the challenger. The first five spots were given to John Cena, Bray Wyatt, AJ Styles, Baron Corbin and Dolph Ziggler. Apollo Crews took the sixth spot when he won a battle royal, but Dolph won the six-pack.
Because the WWE World Championship was on "SmackDown", "Raw" had to create their own world championship. They called it the WWE Universal Championship. "Raw" commissioner Stephanie McMahon felt that Seth had a chance to pin Dean Ambrose at "Battleground" and that would have brought the World Championship to "Raw" but Roman Reigns was selfish and broke up the pin. Because of that, Stephanie gave Seth the first spot in the first Universal Championship match. Then, Finn beat Cesaro, Kevin Owens and Rusev in a fatal 4-way match and Roman beat Chris Jericho, Sami Zayn and Sheamus in another fatal 4-way. Finally, Finn and Roman fought in a normal match where the winner would face Seth at SummerSlam and Finn won this match.

Lodève

Lodève () is a commune in the Hérault département in the Occitanie region in southern France. It is a subprefecture of the department and also the capital of the "arrondissement" of the same name.

Lodève started as the capital of a Celtic tribe before becoming the Roman city Luteva (also known as "Forum Neronis"). It was a centre for textile production under Louis XV and was home to one of only two royal factories for tapestry, the other being the one in Paris.

Lodève is in the north of the Hérault department, where the plains rise up to the Larzac plateau. It is a narrow valley of the Lergue river, a tributary of the Hérault river.

The "commune" has an area of and is at an altitude of about above sea level. The city of Montpellier is to the east of Lodève at and Béziers is to the west at . Lodève is at from the Mediterranean Sea.

The "commune" of Lodève is surrounded by the "communes" Soumont, Olmet-et-Villecun, Poujols, Fozières, Les Plans, Le Puech, Soubès, Lauroux, Lavalette, Saint-Étienne-de-Gourgas, Le Bosc and Usclas-du-Bosc.

The climate of Lodève, in the Köppen climate classification, is Csb - Mediterranean climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Lodève are known, in French, as " Lodévois" (women: "Lodévoises").

With a population of 7,381, Lodève has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Lodève

Lodève forms with other seven "communes" the urban area of Lodève with a population of 9,780 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Lodève, formed by nine "communes" with a population of 9,977 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Lodève is a subprefecture of the Hérault department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Lodève and the administrative centre () of the canton of Lodève.

It is part of the intercommunality "Lodévois et Larzac" ().

Lodève is twinned with:




Radu Gabrea

Radu Gabrea (20 June 1937 – 9 February 2017) was a Romanian movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Bucharest, Romania. He directed more than twenty movies between 1969 and 2016. He was known for directing the movie "Gruber's Journey" (2008).

Gabrea died in Bucharest on 9 February 2017, aged 79.

Spanair Flight 5022

Spanair Flight 5022 was a passenger flight from Barcelona, Spain to Gran Canaria via Madrid. On 20 August 2008 the McDonnell Douglas MD-82 operating this route crashed after take-off from runway 36L at Adolfo Suárez Madrid–Barajas Airport. 154 passengers and crew on-board died, and only leaving only 18 survivors.

The cause of the crash was pilot error due to failure to configure the flaps and slats for take-off.

Gustav Metzger

Gustav Metzger (10 April 1926 – 1 March 2017) was a British artist and political activist. He was best known for developing the concept of auto-destructive art (ADA) and the Art Strike. He was also one of the starters of the Destruction in Art Symposium in September 1966.

Metzger was born in Nuremberg, Germany. He was the son of Polish Jews. He moved to the United Kingdom in 1939 as a refugee.

Metzger died on 1 March 2017 in London, at the age of 90.

Dardic languages

Dardic is a group of Indo-Aryan languages spoken in the Dardistan region of Pakistan, Afghanistan, and India.


Amnon Krauz

Amnon Krauz, Hebrew: אמנון קראו , (born August 10, 1952 in Petah Tikva) is a former Israeli swimmer.

Krauz participated in the 1968 Summer Olympics in Mexico City but wasn't able to obtain a medal.


Chalybeate

Chalybeate is a mineral water which contains iron. The name comes from the latin word for steel. During the 17th and 18th century, people believed Chalybeate had health benefits. It does not. Chalybeate contains pitiful amounts of iron, and is not used as a source of iron.

Joe Jackson (musician)

David Ian "Joe" Jackson (born 11 August 1954) is an English musician and singer-songwriter. Jackson's first and second releases, "Sunday Papers" and "Is She Really Going Out With Him?" became a hit in 1979. This was followed by many new wave singles before he started creating more jazz type pop music. He had a Top 10 hit in 1982 with "Steppin' Out". He has also composed classical music. He has recorded 19 studio albums and earned 5 Grammy Award nominations in a career extending from 1978 to today.

Sabra

A sabra, Hebrew: צבר‎‎ - tzabar, is a Jew who is born in Ottoman Palestine, Mandatory Palestine or in the State of Israel. As of 2015, about three quarters of the Israeli Jews are sabras.

The term "sabra" is derived from the prickly pear. Like this cactus a sabra is supposed to be hard on the outside but soft on the inside.

Tommy Gemmell

Thomas "Tommy" Gemmell (16 October 1943 – 2 March 2017) was a Scottish football player and manager. 

He served as a left-sided fullback and had powerful shooting ability. 

Gemmell is best known as one of the Celtic side who won the 1966–67 European Cup; he scored the first Celtic goal in the final. Gemmell played 18 times for Scotland, and also played for Nottingham Forest, Miami Toros and Dundee. After retiring as a player in 1977, Gemmell managed Dundee and Albion Rovers.

Gemmell died on 2 March 2017, aged 73, after a long illness.


John Hampshire

John Harry Hampshire (10 February 1941 – 1 March 2017), also known as Jack Hampshire, was an English cricketer and umpire. He played eight Tests and three One Day Internationals (ODIs) for England between 1969 and 1975. 

He played first-class cricket for Yorkshire from 1961 to 1981, and for Derbyshire from 1982 to 1984. Overseas, he was a successful captain of Tasmania in the period before the state was included in the Sheffield Shield.< He was also appointed President of Yorkshire County Cricket Club in 2016, serving until his death.

Jins Shamsuddin

Tan Sri Mohamed Zain bin Shamsuddin (5 November 1935 – 1 March 2017), known professionally as Jins Shamsuddin, was a Malaysian movie actor, director and politician. He is known for his role in "" (1981). 

On 13 October 2004, he became the first actor-politician in Malaysia following his appointment as a member of the Dewan Negara in the 11th Parliament of Malaysia. He continued to be a Senator for two terms until 11 February 2011.

He was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in February 2011, causing him unable to speak and unable to recognising anybody else, including his family. Following several years of bad health, Shamsuddin died at 5:45 pm at a clinic in Taman Melawati, after choking on cekodok on Wednesday, 1 March 2017 at the age of 81. Shamsuddin's second son Putera Hang Nadim confirmed on his father's death.

David Rubinger

David Rubinger (; 24 June 1924 – 2 March 2017) was an Israeli photographer. His famous photo of three Israeli paratroopers after the recapture the Western Wall in the Six-Day War has become a defining image of the conflict. Shimon Peres called Rubinger "the photographer of the nation in the making".

Joseph Vũ Duy Thống

Joseph Vũ Duy Thống (July 2, 1952 – March 1, 2017) was a Vietnamese prelate, Bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Phan Thiet from July 2009 to his death and the Head of the Episcopal Committee on Cultural Affairs. He was Auxiliary Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Ho Chi Minh city from 2001 to 2009.

Simon Hobday

Simon Forbes Newbold Hobday (23 June 1940 – 2 March 2017) was a South African professional golfer who won tournaments on three continents.

Hobday was born in Mafikeng. He represented the country in the 1966 Eisenhower Trophy. He also lived in Rhodesia.

Hobday turned professional in 1969. He spent his regular career mainly on the Southern Africa Tour, where he won six times and the European Tour, where he won the 1976 German Open and the 1979 Madrid Open. As a senior, he played mainly in the United States on the Senior PGA Tour (now Champions Tour), where he claimed five titles between 1993 and 1995 including one senior major, the 1994 U.S. Senior Open.

Pau Donés

Pau Donés Cirera (11 October 1966 – 9 June 2020) was a Catalan songwriter, guitarist and vocalist of the musical group Jarabe de Palo.

Born in Barcelona, Spain, Donés grew up in Barcelona. He got his first guitar when he was 12 years old.

Along with his brother Marc, they set up their first group: J. & Co. Band, and afterwards Dentaduras Postizas. For a while, he combined locals concerts in Barcelona with his job for an advertising agency.

In 1996 he formed Jarabe de Palo, being "La Flaca" his first album.

On 1 September 2015 he had to cancel all his concerts after having an operation for colorectal cancer. On 5 April 2016 he announced via Twitter that he had recovered from his illness. However, he had a relapse a year later. He announced in October 2018 that he was to leave the music world indefinitely from January 2019. A year later, in April 2020, it was reported that Jarabe de Palo was recording a new album, "Tragas o escupes", to be launched in September. However, its launch was moved forward to May 2020. He died from the disease on 9 June 2020, aged 53.




Alternanthera philoxeroides

Alternanthera philoxeroides is "alligator weed", an invasive species. It is an aquatic plant species and can be found in waterways.

Canadian Pacific Railway

The Canadian Pacific Railway (CPR), also known as CP Rail (CP) is a railway in North America with track in both Canada and the United States. It was built between Eastern Canada and British Columbia between 1881 and 1885. Although it used to go all the way to Atlantic Canada, it does not do so anymore.

When British Columbia became part of Canada in 1871, one of the promises the federal government made was to link it to the rest of Canada by rail. Most of the trains that use the CPR carry freight, and the CPR used to run passenger train services until they were taken over by Via Rail in 1978. For many years, until the airplane was invented, the railway was the only way to move people across the country. Because of this, it had a big role in the settlement and development of Western Canada.

The company that owns the CPR, Canadian Pacific Railway Limited, was once one of the largest and most powerful companies in Canada. It owns about of track from Montreal in the east to Vancouver in the west and Edmonton to the north. CP also has track in Minneapolis-Saint Paul, Milwaukee, Detroit, Chicago, and New York City in the United States. 

The logo of the CPR company is a beaver, the national symbol of Canada, and it has its headquarters in Calgary, Alberta and its U.S. operations are in Minneapolis. It trades on both the Toronto Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker CP.


Evin Prison

Evin Prison is Iran's most notorious prison. It is in the foothills of the Alborz Mountains above Tehran. Some of Iran’s most respected activists and lawyers are serving time in this prison.

The prison started in 1971 during the rule of Shah Mohammad Reza Pahlavi as a place for political prisoners. At the time, there was space for 320 prisoners. Since the 1979 revolution, the prison has 15,000 prisoners. The prison has a reputation for brutality and torture. It is believed that many people died in this prison from torture.

FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup

The FIFA Beach Soccer World Cup is an international beach soccer competition. It is played by the men's national teams of the members of FIFA, the sport's global body of the sport. 

The tournament was created in 1995 as the Beach Soccer World Championship. It took place every year for the next decade controlled by Beach Soccer Worldwide. Because the sport was increasing rapidly in popularity and growth, FIFA was interested in controlling the tournament, they took over and also changed the name to make it a official FIFA tournament. Since 2009, the tournament has taken place every two years.

The most recent edition was held in Espinho, Portugal. Portugal were crowned as champions for the second time, the first under being controlled by FIFA, after defeating Tahiti 5–3 in the final.

EgyptAir

EgyptAir is the flag carrier of Egypt. It began in 1933. Originally, it was named "Misr Airwork". The name was finally changed to EgyptAir in October 1971. The airline was the first from the Middle east to have jet aircraft. In 2008, it joined Star Alliance. EgyptAir suffered heavy losses during the 2011 Egyptian revolution.

Arash Sadeghi

Arash Sadeghi (Farsi: آرش صادقی) is an Iranian activist and political prisoner. He started a hunger strike on October 24, 2016 after his wife, Golrokh Ebrahimi Iraee went to prison for an unpublished story on her computer about a woman watching a movie about a stoning. the government promised to let her out of prison until her case was reviewed, but after Sadeghi ended his hunger strike, they took her back to prison.

Paul Kangas

Paul Henry Kangas (April 14, 1937 – February 28, 2017) was an American broadcaster. He was born in Houghton, Michigan. He was the co-anchor of the PBS television program "Nightly Business Report", a role he held since 1979 through December 31, 2009. He is best known for signing off each NBR broadcast with "I'm Paul Kangas, wishing all of you the best of good buys!" (a pun on "the best of goodbyes").

Kangas died on February 28, 2017 in Miami, Florida from complications of Parkinson's disease and prostate cancer, aged 79.

Michael Bennet

Michael Farrand Bennet (born November 28, 1964) is an American businessman, lawyer, and Democratic politician. He is the senior United States Senator from Colorado. He became a senator when Ken Salazar was appointed Secretary of the Interior.

Bennet worked as managing director for the Anschutz Investment Company, chief of staff to then-Denver mayor (and former Colorado Governor) John Hickenlooper, and superintendent of Denver Public Schools.

On April 3, 2019, Bennet announced that he had been diagnosed with prostate cancer. He had surgery and was later announced cancer-free. A month later on May 2, Bennet launched his 2020 campaign for President of the United States. He announced that he would seek the Democratic nomination for president during an interview on "CBS This Morning". He ended his campaign on February 11, 2020 after a poor performance in the New Hampshire primaries.



Bob Iger

Robert Allen "Bob" Iger (; born February 10, 1951) is an American businessman. He was the chairman and chief executive officer (CEO) of The Walt Disney Company from 2005 to 2020.

Before Disney, Iger served as the president of ABC Television from 1994 to 1995 and the president and chief operating officer (COO) of Capital Cities/ABC, Inc. from 1995 until Disney's acquisition of the company in 1996.

He was named president and COO of Disney in 2000, and later succeeded Michael Eisner as CEO in 2005, after a successful effort by Roy E. Disney to shake-up the management of the company. As part of his yearly compensation, Iger earned $44.9 million in the year 2015.

On February 25, 2020, Iger announced his retirement as the CEO of Disney.

Huntingdonshire

Huntingdonshire was an historic county of England. It is now is a non-metropolitan district of Cambridgeshire. Its council is based in Huntingdon.

Anna J. Cooper

Anna Julia Haywood Cooper (August 10, 1858 – February 27, 1964) was an American author and educator. She was one of the most prominent African-American scholars in United States history. She was the fourth Black American woman to earn a Ph.D. She was a mathematician and a Classics scholar. She fought for women's right to be educated and the strength the United States could build by educating Black women and men.

Cooper was born in 1859. She was born into slavery. Her mother was Hannah Stanley Haywood, a slave in the home of prominent landowner George Washington Haywood. She had two brothers, Rufus and Andrew. Her grandfather was a carpenter that was sent to help build the capital of North Carolina. After the slaves were free Cooper’s brothers became good carpenters.

Cooper was freed at the age of six. She then went to school.

Cooper went to a school for Black children called St. Augustine. By the age of ten she was teaching math. Cooper had to beg them to let her in the Greek class. It was only for boys. Cooper thought that it was unfair that due to her gender she was kept out of the Classical classes. Thankfully she did not give up and was able to “sit in” on the male Greek classes.

Cooper felt frustrated that she had to fight to get the opportunity to study Classics. She wanted all students to be offered Greek. She kept fighting to make it equal. Eventually, the school provided Greek classes for male and female students.

She stayed at St. Augustine for 14 years as a student and a teacher of Latin, Greek, and Math. In 1877 she married another teacher, George A.G. Cooper. He died two years later.

After going to St. Augustine she went to the college Oberlin College in Ohio. Again, she could only take the women's courses. Classes for girls taught household skills. The classes for women did not require taking Latin, Greek or even advanced mathematics. Cooper asked to be in the men’s courses. She excelled at the full classical education at Oberlin. Cooper got her bachelors degree in Math in 1884. She earned her Master's Degree in 1887.

In 1911 Cooper started working on her Ph.D. at Columbia University. Four years later her brother died. She took responsibility for raising his five grandchildren. She had to take a break from studying. In 1924 she started studying again, at the University of Paris in France.

In 1925, at the age of 67, Cooper earned her Ph.D. Her doctoral thesis was: "L'Attitude de la France à L'égard de l'Esclavage pendant La Révolution (Slavery and the French and Haitian Revolutionists)". Her writing showed that slavery and bad treatment of Black peoples were a big part of revolutions in the France and Haiti. She was the fourth Black American woman to reach that level.

Cooper had a varied career.

In 1887 she became part of the M Street High school faculty. She taught mathematics, science, and Latin.

In 1902 she became the principal of M Street High School. When Cooper was Principle she enhanced the academic reputation, plus lots of her graduates entered Ivy leagued schools. The District of Columbia did not renew her contract. They did not think that Black students needed to be prepared to go to college. Cooper was not scared. After she continued her career by teaching in Lincoln University for four years. In 1910 Cooper was rehired by M Street High School.

In 1930, Cooper retired from teaching to assume the presidency of Frelinghuysen University, a school for black adults. She served as the school’s registrar after it was reorganized into the Frelinghuysen Group of Schools for Colored People. Cooper remained in that position until the school closed in 1950.

"A Voice from the South by a Black Woman of the South" was Cooper's first book. She published it in 1892. She argued that women should be educated. She especially wanted Black women to be educated. Cooper's book made her a popular public speaker. She spoke to a wide variety of groups, which included the National Conference of Colored Women in 1895. She was also at the first Pan African Conference in 1900.

In the 1890s Cooper was also involved in the black women's club. Middle class black women would help the less fortunate black women.

At the age of 67 Cooper received her doctorate from Paris.

Cooper died at the age 105 in 1964. Anna J. Cooper was a fighter for what is right and hopefully her legacy reigns on.

Hallopus

Hallopus was a prehistoric crocodylomorph that was classified as a dinosaur in 1881 by Othniel Charles Marsh.

Coronium

Coronium was thought to be a chemical element in 1882. The evidence was a thin green spectrometry line in the solar corona. In 1930, it was proved that it did not exist. The green line was just highly ionized iron, (Fe), which is now called coronium.

Continental margin

The continental margin is the zone of the ocean floor that separates the thin oceanic crust from thick continental crust. Together, the continental shelf, continental slope, and continental rise are called the continental margin. Continental margins are about 28% of the oceanic area.

Nyctibatrachus

Nyctibatrachus is a genus of frogs endemic to the Western Ghats of southwestern India. Their common name is night frogs. Their scientific name also means "night frog". 

These frogs are quite common, and researchers think this has been overlooked because of their their small size. They are indeed extremely small, and can sit on a coin or a fingernail. However, they are not so small as "Paedophryne", which is the smallest land vertebrate.

Igor Sychev

Igor Sychev is a Kazakh blogger and a political prisoner. He received international attention when he went to prison over an online poll about whether Kazakhstan should join Russia in the same way as Crimea in the Ukraine.

Sychev is an ethnic Russian from a former Russian area in the east of Kazakhstan. It has a majority of ethnic Russian people. Sychev was the administrator of VKontakte, a popular Russian social networking site. On November 18, 2015, he was sentenced to 5 years in prison. Sychev said he did not put up the poll, and he took it down after he received complaints.

Synchev was convicted under a new law, passed in 2015, that prohibits calling for separatism. In January 2017, Sychev's sentence was upheld on appeal.

The International Partnership for Human Rights (IPHR) and Kazakhstan International Bureau for Human Rights and Rule of Law (KIBHR) asked the EU to support Sychev and other victims of free speech violations.

Anne Kristin Sydnes

Anne Kristin Sydnes (13 May 1956 – 3 March 2017) was a Norwegian politician. She was a member of the Labour Party. She served as the Minister of International Development from 2000 to 2001. She was married to Jan Egeland.

Sydnes died after a long illness on 3 March 2017, at the age of 60.

Jhulelal (Hinduism)

Jhulelal (Sindhi:جهوللال), Kutchi: ઝૂલેલાલ) is the "Ishta Dev" (community God) of Sindhi people. His birthday "Cheti Chand" falls on the second day of the Chaitra month. It is auspicious for Sindhis and celebrated all over the world. 

HaBayit HaYehudi

HaBayit HaYehudi, Hebrew: הבית היהודי , meaning "The Jewish Home" (often called like that), is an Israeli political party.

Its ideology is (far) right-wing conservative liberal, nationalist, Modern Orthodox Jewish, and Religious Zionist.

Political leader is Rafi Peretz.

HaBayit HaYehudi was founded in 2008 as a result of a merger of three parties but in fact it is the successor of Mafdal (National Religious Party).

Number of seats in the 23rd Knesset: 1 (-1).

Participating in the Fourth Netanyahu Government and the Netanyahu-Gantz Government.

Religious Zionism

Religious Zionism (Hebrew: ציונות דתית - "Tziyonut Datit") is a branch of Zionism. It is a combination of Zionism and Judaism.

Religious Zionists are in favour of a State of Israel, that is mainly populated by Jews and dominated by Judaism.

In their view the State of Israel should encompass the entire Land of Israel ("Eretz Yisrael"). This includes the so-called Palestinian territories (West Bank, Gaza Strip) and also the Golan Heights.

Religious Zionism dominates Modern Orthodox Judaism in Israel.

Politically Religious Zionists can especially be found in HaBayit HaYehudi (The Jewish Home) but also in HaLikud.

Yesh Atid

Yesh Atid, (, meaning "There is a Future"), is an Israeli political party.

Its ideology is centrist social liberal, secular, and Zionist.

Political leader is Yair Lapid, who was Prime Minister of Israel from July 2022 to December 2022. 

Yesh Atid was founded in 2012.

Number of seats in the 25th Knesset: 24 (+7).

Participating in the Bennett-Lapid Government.

World Tamil Badminton Federation

The World Tamil Badminton Federation (WTBF) (Tamil: அகில உலக தமிழர் பூப்பந்தாட்ட பேரவை) is the international governing body of Badminton for the world Tamils. It conducts the annual international competition. The first ever tournament was held on 2013 in Switzerland. 


Qantas Flight 32

Qantas Flight 32 was a passenger flight from London to Sydney via Singapore operated by an Airbus A380. On November 4, 2010 the plane suffered an engine failure over Indonesia, but the plane made an emergency landing at Singapore Changi Airport with no loss of life to the 469 people onboard.

Toll-free telephone number

A toll-free telephone number is a telephone number in which the person who owns that telephone number is charged for calls that come to them, rather than the person making the call to that number being charged. These numbers usually begin with "1-800" in North America (800 being the area code under the North American Numbering Plan), but are different around the rest of the world.

They are not to be confused with "collect calls", which are made when the person making the call does not want to have to pay their telephone company to make it. In this case, the person receiving the call has to agree to be charged for that call, while those owning toll-free numbers already agree to being charged for incoming calls.

Rhys Wesser

Rhys Joseph Wesser (born 31 March 1979) is an Australian former professional rugby league player. He played in the National Rugby League (NRL) between 1998 and 2011. He was best known for playing for the Penrith Panthers, winning the 2003 premiership with them. He later played for the South Sydney Rabbitohs. He scored 129 total club tries in his career.

Wesser was born in Rockhampton, Queensland. He is of Indigenous Australian ancestry.


Ayer, Switzerland

Ayer is a village and former municipality in the district of Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Ayer, Chandolin, Grimentz, Saint-Jean, Saint-Luc and Vissoie merged into the new municipality of Anniviers.

Stephen Kearney

Stephen Peter Kearney (born 11 June 1972) is a New Zealand professional rugby league coach and former player. He was the head coach of the National Rugby League (NRL) New Zealand Warriors from 2017 to 2020. He has also been head coach of the New Zealand national team and the Parramatta Eels. He also played for the Warriors and Melbourne Storm in the 1990s and 2000s.

Kearney was born in Paraparaumu, North Island. He is Māori.


Phil Neal

Philip George Neal (born 20 February 1951) is an English former footballer. He is best known for playing for Liverpool between 1974 and 1985. He won eight First Divisions, four League Cups, five FA Charity Shields, four European Cups, one UEFA Cup and one UEFA Super Cup with Liverpool. He also played for Northampton Town and Bolton Wanderers. He later managed Bolton, Coventry City, Cardiff City and Manchester City.

Neal was born in Irchester, Northamptonshire. He has two children, including a son, Ashley (born 1974), also a footballer.


Liverpool

Bolton Wanderers


Arthur Beetson

Arthur Henry "Artie" Beetson (22 January 1945 – 1 December 2011) was an Australian rugby league player and coach. He played between the 1960s and 1981. He was known for playing for Easts and captaining Australia. He also played for Queensland and the Parramatta Eels. He was the first Indigenous Australian to captain his country in any sport.

Beetson was born in Roma, Queensland. His mother was a member of the Stolen Generation.

Beetson died from a heart attack on 1 December 2011 on the Gold Coast, Queensland. He was 66.


Elisabeth Lichtenberger

Elisabeth Lichtenberger (17 February 1925 – 14 February 2017) was an Austrian geographer. She taught at the University of Vienna. She was born in Vienna. She was awarded the Austrian Decoration for Science and Art in 1999.

Lichtenberger died on 14 February 2017 in Vienna, aged 91.

Boaz Vaadia

Boaz Vaadia (November 13, 1951 – February 25, 2017) was an Israeli-American artist and sculptor. He was born in Gat Rimon, Israel. He worked primarily in stone and later by casting in bronze. He said that his work is based on the power of natural materials and the relation of human beings to that power.

Vaadia died in Brooklyn, New York from pancreatic cancer on February 25, 2017, aged 65. He was survived by his wife Kim and two daughters.


Howard Schmidt

Howard Anthony Schmidt (October 5, 1949 – March 2, 2017) was an American cyber security expert and partner with Tom Ridge in Ridge Schmidt Cyber LLC, a consultancy company in the field of cybersecurity.

He was the Cyber-Security Coordinator of the Obama Administration, operating in the Executive Office of the President of the United States. He announced his retirement from that position on May 17, 2012, effective at the end of the month.

Schmidt died in Muskego, Wisconsin on March 2, 2017 from brain cancer, aged 67.

Paula Fox

Paula Fox (April 22, 1923 – March 1, 2017) was an American author of novels for adults and children and of two memoirs. For her contributions as a children's writer she won the biennial, international Hans Christian Andersen Award in 1978, the highest international recognition for a creator of children's books. She was born in New York City.

She also won several awards for particular children's books including the 1974 Newbery Medal for her novel "The Slave Dancer"; a 1983 National Book Award in category Children's Fiction (paperback) for "A Place Apart"; and the 2008 Deutscher Jugendliteraturpreis for "A Portrait of Ivan" (1969) in its German-language edition "Ein Bild von Ivan".

Fox died at age 93 at a hospital in Brooklyn from congestive heart failure on March 1, 2017.


Míriam Colón

Míriam Colón (born Míriam Colón Valle; August 20, 1936 – March 3, 2017) was a Puerto Rican actress. She was the founder and director of the Puerto Rican Traveling Theater in New York City. She was born in Ponce, Puerto Rico.

Colón was known for her roles as Georgina Montana in "Scarface" (1983), Maria in "Gloria" (1999), and as Mercedes in "Goal!" (2005).

Colón died on March 3, 2017 from complications of a lung infection in New York City, aged 80.


Misha Mengelberg

Misha Mengelberg (5 June 1935 – 3 March 2017) was a Dutch jazz pianist and composer. He won the Gaudeamus International Composers Award in 1961.

Mengelberg died in Amsterdam on 3 March 2017, aged 81.



Chalais, Switzerland

Chalais is a municipality of the district of Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Chandolin

Chandolin is a village in the municipality of Anniviers in the district of Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. Until 2009 it was a municipality.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Chandolin, Ayer, Grimentz, Saint-Jean, Saint-Luc and Vissoie merged into the new municipality of Anniviers.

It has at least one museum: the Ella Maillart Museum previously was the home of travel writer Ella Maillart .


Pierre Guénin

Pierre Guénin (19 February 1927 – 1 March 2017) was a French journalist and gay rights activist. He was an early publisher of LGBT magazines in the late 1960s and the 1970s. He was the founder of LGBT movie awards in France. He was the founder of the Prix Pierre Guénin for LGBT activists. He was a journalist for "Cinémonde".

Guénin was born in Étampes, France on 19 February 1927. 

Guénin founded Editions S.A.N., a publisher of LGBT magazines, in 1967. He was the founding editor of "Eden" and "Olympe", whose writings were forbidden under President Valéry Giscard d'Estaing in 1978.

Guénin died on 1 March 2017 from complications from pneumonia in Paris at the age of 90.


Edi Fitzroy

Fitzroy Edwards (17 November 1955 – 4 March 2017), better known by his stage name Edi Fitzroy, was a Jamaican reggae singer-songwriter. His career began in 1975 but best known for his work in the dancehall era. He was known for his songs "Miss Molly Colly" and "Deep in Mi Culture". He has been a regular performer at annual Peter Tosh memorial concerts in Jamaica.

Fitzroy was born in Chapelton, Clarendon Parish, Jamaica. He studied at Chapelton All-Age and Clarendon College. Fitzroy was a Rastafarian, stating that he has been "from birth".

Fitzroy died on 4 March 2017 at a hospital in May Pen, Claredon Parish, Jamaica, aged 62.



John Negroponte

John Dimitri Negroponte (; born July 21, 1939) is a British-born American diplomat of Greek descent. He served as a research fellow and lecturer in international affairs at Yale University's Jackson Institute for Global Affairs, United States Deputy Secretary of State, and the first ever Director of National Intelligence.

John Michael McConnell

John Michael "Mike" McConnell (born July 26, 1943) is a former vice admiral in the United States Navy. 

During his naval career he served as Director of the National Security Agency from 1992 to 1996. His civilian career includes serving as the United States Director of National Intelligence from 20 February 2007 to 27 January 2009 during the Bush administration and seven days of the Obama administration.

McConnell was born and grew up in Greenville, South Carolina.

Dennis C. Blair

Dennis Cutler Blair (born February 4, 1947) is the former United States Director of National Intelligence and is a retired United States Navy admiral. He was the commander of U.S. forces in the Pacific region. 

Blair was a career officer in the U.S. Navy and served in the White House during the presidencies of both President Jimmy Carter and President Ronald Reagan. Blair retired from the Navy in 2002 as an Admiral. In 2009, Blair was selected as President Barack Obama’s first Director of National Intelligence, but after a series of bureaucratic battles, he resigned on May 20, 2010.

Kenneth W. Dam

Kenneth W. Dam (born August 10, 1932) served as Deputy Secretary of the Treasury (the second highest official in the United States Department of the Treasury) from 2001 to 2003. He worked in international economic development. 

Dam is a senior fellow of the Brookings Institution and a professor emeritus and senior lecturer at the University of Chicago Law School.


James R. Clapper

James Robert "Jim" Clapper Jr. (born March 14, 1941) is a retired lieutenant general in the United States Air Force and is the former Director of National Intelligence.

He served as director of the Defense Intelligence Agency (DIA) from 1992 until 1995. He was the first Director of Defense Intelligence within the Office of the Director of National Intelligence and simultaneously the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. Clapper has held several key positions within the United States Intelligence Community. He served as the director of the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) from September 2001 until June 2006.

On June 5, 2010, President Barack Obama nominated Clapper to replace Dennis C. Blair as United States Director of National Intelligence. Clapper was unanimously confirmed by the Senate for the position on August 5, 2010.

Michael Forest

Gerald Michael Charlebois (born April 17, 1929), better known as Michael Forest, is an American actor and pilot. He played the voice of Prince Olympius in "Power Rangers Lightspeed Rescue". 

In his earlier years, Michael was a movie and television actor, notably playing the part of Apollo in the 1967 "" episode "Who Mourns for Adonais?" and most recently reprised this role in the "Star Trek Continues" episode "Pilgrim of Eternity" 47 years later.

Forest was born in Harvey, North Dakota. He moved with his family at a very early age to Seattle, Washington. He graduated with a B.A. in English and drama from San Jose State University. He is married to Diana Hale.


River Parrett

The River Parrett is a major river in Somerset and Dorset, England. It starts in the County of Dorset near Chedington. From here it flows in a northwesterly direction through the Somerset Levels to Bridgewater. It flows into the Bristol Channel close to Burnham-on-Sea. At the mouth of the river is Bridgewater Bay National Nature Reserve. The river is tidal for up to the hamlet of Oath, some south east of Bridgewater. The river has a very slight fall between Langport and Bridgwater, only 1 foot per mile, or 20 cm per km, and is prone to frequent flooding, in winter and high tides.

The River Parrett is long and its main tributaries include the Rivers Tone, Isle and Yeo. The River Cary drains into the Parrett via the King's Sedgemoor Drain. The River Parrett drains an area of over , making up around 50% of the land area of Somerset.

National High School of Chemical and Technological Engineers

The National High School of Chemical and Technological Engineers "(French: École nationale supérieure des ingénieurs en arts chimiques et technologiques)" is a renowned graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Toulouse.

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at ENSIACET.

Most of the 1000 graduate engineer students at ENSIACET live in dedicated residential buildings nearby research labs and metro public transports on a campus that is shared with students from University of Toulouse.

Research activities at ENSIACET relate to the following topics:


Collect call

A collect call, also called a "reverse charge call", is a type of telephone call. Usually, when a telephone call is made, the person who makes the call pays for the call, rather than the person who receives the call at the other end. In a collect call, though, the person making the call wants the person they are calling to pay for the call instead.

In the past, these kinds of calls could only be done with a operator, who would need to ask the person receiving the call if they want to be charged for it. If the person receiving it does not want to be charged, the call cannot go through. Today, computers have made it possible to make or receive collect calls without talking to a person.

Collect calls used to be made a lot using payphones, but they are becoming less used since mobile phones and VoIP technology has come around and made long-distance calls cheaper to make.

It has been found out that the day of the year in which the most collect calls are made is Father's Day, even though the day when the most phone calls are made altogether is Mother's Day.

Mohamed Cheikh Ould Mkhaitir

Mohamed Ould Mkhaitir or Mohamed Cheikh Ould Mkhaitir (Arabic: محمد الشيخ ولد امخيطير )(1985 – ) is a Mauritanian blogger and political prisoner. He was sentenced to death after he wrote an article about discrimination and the caste system in Mauritania.

Mohamed is an engineer from the northern industrial city of Nouadhibou. He belongs to the Moulamines, or blacksmith group, the lowest social group in Mauritania. He worked for SAMMA, a company partly owned by the Canadian mining corporation Kinross.

Mohemed wrote an article called "Religion, religiosity and craftsmen," that criticized Mauritania's caste system. The article was published on the news website Aqlame on December 31, 2013. Mauritania abolished slavery in 1981, but activists say it is still very common and that many Mauritanians are born into slavery. Mauritania passed a new anti-slavery law in 2015 that makes slavery a "crime against humanity". 

The editor of Aqlame took down the article, and said it was published by accident.

On January 2, 2014, Mohamed was arrested in his home in the city of Nouadhibou. He was charged with apostasy under Article 306 of the Mauritanian criminal code, and sentenced to death. There were national demonstrations against Mohamed, and there was a fatwa to kill him. His family denounced him. His lawyers dropped him and he could not get another lawyer, only the lawyers assigned by the court. The trial started a day late because of a fight in the courtroom. The prosecuting lawyer said he was a member of the caste that the blogger criticized in his article. Mohamed belongs to a lower social class.

According to Abdel Nasser Beibe, a Mauritanian activist and representative of the Arab Thinking Foundation, there are many people who wrote about the same things as Mohamed, but they belong to the white community, who are the majority of the people, and no one asks for their death. Their tribes and their families defend them against any attack. But Mohamed comes from the "blacksmith" minority, and are very marginalized. After the article, his family and caste had to deny him, and his parents had to go into exile in France. 

Mekfoula Brahim, activist and president of For a Green and Democratic Mauritania says that Mohamed was a victim of a very hard prison sentence because he belongs to a powerless and hated group. Mekfoula says Muhamed's future is being controlled by street fanatics, who receive orders from extremist clerics influenced by radicals who have returned from Afghanistan and Iraq, who press them to execute the boy.

The president of Mauritania, Abdel Aziz spoke to the country in January 2014, saying Mauritanian is an Islamic state and the death penalty could be used against Mohamed. Abdel Aziz ususally wears a business suit and tie in public, and when he speaks with Western allies, like the United States and France. but when he spoke to the nation about Momhamed Ould Mkhaitir, he wore a white Salafi robe and turban.

An appeal court heard the case on April 1, 2016, under tight security. The court upheld the verdict, but sent the case back to Mauritania's supreme court. On Jan. 31, 2017, Mauritania’s supreme court heard the case, and returned it to the appeal court. There were organized demonstrations in Nouadhibou, Aleg, and Rosso.


Time in Sudan

Time in Sudan is Central Africa Time (CAT) (), with no daylight saving adjustments. Sudan introduced DST in 1970, going forward on May 1, and ending on October 15. DST in years 1972-1985 started on the last Sunday in April, and ending on October 15. Sudan abandoned DST in 1986.On November 1, 2017, Sudan changed its time zone from to .

Scutum (shield)

The Scutum was a type of shield used by the Italic peoples. It was later adopted by the army of Ancient Rome.

Jay Lynch

Jay Lynch (January 7, 1945 – March 5, 2017) was an American cartoonist. He was known for his key role in the underground comix movement with his "Bijou Funnies" and other titles. He was best known for his comic strip "Nard n' Pat". His work is sometimes signed Jayzey Lynch. Lynch was the main writer for "Bazooka Joe" comics from 1967 to 1990; he has contributed to "Mad", and in the 2000s has expanded into the children's book field.

Lynch was born in Orange, New Jersey. He died on March 5, 2017 in Candor, New York from complications of lung cancer, aged 72.

Louis Wade Sullivan

Louis Wade Sullivan (born November 3, 1933) is an American health policy leader, minority health advocate, author, physician, and educator. He served as the Secretary of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services during President George H. W. Bush‘s Administration from 1989 through 1993 and was Founding Dean of the Morehouse School of Medicine.


Herb Kohl

Herbert H. "Herb" Kohl (February 7, 1935 – December 27, 2023) was an American businessman and politician. He was a United States Senator from Wisconsin serving from January 3, 1989, through January 3, 2013. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Kohl was also a philanthropist and the former owner of the Milwaukee Bucks of the National Basketball Association. He did not seek reelection in 2012 and his term ended on January 3, 2013. He was succeeded by fellow Democrat Tammy Baldwin.

Kohl died at his home in Milwaukee, Wisconsin on December 27, 2023, at the age of 88.


Tommy Thompson

Tommy George Thompson (born November 19, 1941) is an American Republican politician. He was a state legislator in Wisconsin, and 42nd Governor of Wisconsin from 1987 to 2001.

Thompson is the longest serving governor in the state's history. During his term as governor he was the chairman of Amtrak, the nation's passenger rail service. He served as the U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services from 2001 through 2005, appointed by George W. Bush. 

After his time in the Bush Administration, Thompson was a partner with the law-firm Akin Gump and Chairman of Deloitte's global healthcare practice and has served on the board of 22 other organizations.

Thompson was a candidate for the U.S. Presidential election in 2008, though he withdrew from the race before the primaries. 

In 2012, he was the Republican nominee for the United States Senate seat in Wisconsin, hoping to replace retiring Democrat Herb Kohl, but was defeated by Tammy Baldwin, making it his first statewide loss.

Mike Leavitt

Michael Okerlund "Mike" Leavitt (born February 11, 1951) is an American Republican politician. He served as the 14th Governor of Utah from 1993 to 2003, as Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency from 2003 to 2005 and as Secretary of Health and Human Services from 2005 to 2009.

Leavitt serves as a co-leader of the Prevention Initiative at the Bipartisan Policy Center.

Tom Ridge

Thomas Joseph "Tom" Ridge (born August 26, 1945) is an American politician.

Ridge served as the Assistant to the President for Homeland Security from 2001 to 2003, and the first United States Secretary of Homeland Security from 2003 to 2005. 

Ridge was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1983 to 1995 and the 43rd Governor of Pennsylvania from 1995 to 2001. He is a member of the Republican Party.


Michael Chertoff

Michael Chertoff (born November 28, 1953) is an American attorney. He was the second United States Secretary of Homeland Security under President George W. Bush. He was the co-author of the USA PATRIOT Act. He served as a judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit, as a federal prosecutor, and as Assistant U.S. Attorney General. He succeeded Tom Ridge as U.S. Secretary of Homeland Security on February 15, 2005.

Paco Moncayo

Paco Rosendo Moncayo Galician (born 8 October 1940, in Quito) is an Ecuadorian politician and retired general who was a Metropolitan Mayor of Quito from 2000 to 2009. He was a National Deputy from 1998 to 2000 and was a member of both the National Security Council and its Consultative Assembly for Foreign Affairs. 

He is the son of the lawyer/congressman Francisco Moncayo Altamirano and professor Aída Galician García, who was his wife.

He was the Commander in Chief of the Army in the Alto Cenepa War between Ecuador and Perú. 

He is the only person in the history of Ecuador to complete 40 years of military life, 5 as a Cadet. Arriving finally of his military career afterwards of the conflict of the Cenepa and becoming one of the best soldiers of all Ecuador

He has received decorations, national and international:

In the year 1995 he influenced the resignation of the vice-president Alberto Dahik. Similarly, he was a key element in the overthrowing of Abdalá Bucaram Ortiz in February of 1997, when he realized the danger of what was happening, he publicly declared "...that the Armed Forces recognise like maximum authority to the only sovereign, the village of the Ecuador". It asks that the disagreement be resolved peacefully.

In 1998, he left the army and was elected National Deputy by the Democratic Left party, which was the leader of the block Socialdemócrata in the parliament.

In March of 2000 the Democratic Left Party puts him as candidate for mayor of what was the “strongest Bastion of the party of the overthrown president Jamil Mahuad” (the one who before being elected president had been reelected mayor of Remove). In the elections of 21 May 2000 he confronted the successor of Mahuad, the economist Roque Seville. Moncayo confronted an antimilitarist campaign elaborated by sectors of the right and business. He attained an impressive majority in the elections defeating Seville with more than 60% of the votes.

In the first four years of municipal administration, Moncayo made important works for the development of the capital, that motivated his reelection. Then Moncayo won with 57% strengthening as one of the most influential politicians of Ecuador.

Paco Moncayo was Co-President of the World-wide Union of local Governments and Municipalidades (UCLG), that is an equivalent organism to the UN in which the members are not nations but cities.

In the municipal government of Moncayo the city has adapted fast and satisfactorily. The coverage of basic service duplicated in five years. All the city has drinkable water and sewerage. The works in Vialidad that have made by the municipal government have improved the difficult situation of vehicular congestion. Big bridges, exchangers, steps depressed and other infrastructures have been put in operation to reduce the effects of the immoderate increase of the park railcar. Regarding urban regeneration the city is transformed. The historical centre has become a tourist destination beside works of importance to the long and width of the city like the TeleferiQo, the park Itchimbia, the museum Midalae, the Museum of the Water, the Museum of technology, the recovery and construction in process of the new international Airport of Remove and a lot of more important works have made the city an important place to visit.

The Thursday 29 January 2009, afterwards to take the decision of not running for a second reelection, renunciation to the City council and participates successfully in the elections of 26 April 2009 like candidate by the province of Pichincha to the National Assembly, representing to the Movement Municipalista that he same contrubuiría to create.

Paco Moncayo considers a social democrat that believes in the universality and equity of rights. It served in the Commission of Autonomous Governments, Decentralisation, Competitions and Organisation of the Territory where jointly worked to attain that the Autonomous Governments Decentralised receive his part of the budget of the state of automatic way, just and effective. It was also a moderate figure inside the National Assembly, where worked duramente so that satisfied the Ethical Agreement-Political for the Law of Communication in December of the 2009.

In the legislative elections of Ecuador of 2013, Paco Montayo launched like candidate to asambleísta by the movement Split 25, but did not attain to achieve a curul. Afterwards of the elections ensured that it will keep on being part of Split.

In December of 2013, Moncayo received direct criticisms by part of the president Rafael Correa afterwards that it showed against of the proposal of the president to reduce the size of the Armed forces of Ecuador. Correa aseveró that the same Moncayo had done him the same proposed years backwards, referring to the recent statements of the general with the terms: "That is the human misfortune, the pequeñez of some politiquería". Moncayo Denied the said by Correa days afterwards.

On 24 September 2016, after a national convention of the party celebrated in the city of Remove, oficializó his candidature to the presidency of the Republic by the Democratic Left and the alliance of left centre National Agreement by the Change. The Tuesday 8 November announced in his personal account of Twitter that his candidate to the vicepresidencia would be a woman of the Coast, that was presented two days afterwards in an Assembly of the ANC, and resulted to be the guayaquileña Monserratt Bustamante, director of Institutional Planning and Development of the University Ecotec. In the elections of February of 2017, obtained the fourth place.

Jack Riley (actor)

John Albert "Jack" Riley Jr. (December 30, 1935 – August 19, 2016) was an American actor. He was known for playing Elliot Carlin on "The Bob Newhart Show", and for voicing Stu Pickles in the "Rugrats" franchise. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio.

Riley died in Los Angeles, California on August 19, 2016 from pneumonia, aged 80.

Tonawanda, New York

Tonawanda (officially known as the "City of Tonawanda") is a small city in New York, USA. It is located in Erie County, near Buffalo, New York.

Tonawanda borders the Niagara River and the Erie Canal.

Jhulelal (Sufism)

Jhulelal (Sindhi/Urdu: جهوللال), refers to Lal Shahbaz Qalandar, a prominent Sunni Muslim of the Suhrawardy Sufi order. The term has been popularized by the song Dama Dam Mast Qalandar, in which Lal Shabaz Qalandar has been referred to as "Jhulelal Qalandar". The term Jhulelal means "red bridegroom".

Tommy Page

Thomas Alden "Tommy" Page (May 24, 1970 – March 3, 2017) was an American singer-songwriter and pianist. He was best known for his 1990 hit single, "I'll Be Your Everything". He later became a music industry executive for "Billboard magazine".

Page worked with many artists such as New Kids on the Block, Sa-Fire, La Casa, Sally Yeh, Donna De Lory, Amy Mastura, Ashley Tisdale, Tiffany, Green Day, Michael Bublé, Alanis Morissette, Josh Groban, and David Foster.

Page was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey and raised in West Caldwell, New Jersey. He studied at James Caldwell High School. Page had three children with his partner, Charlie.

Page died on March 3, 2017 in New York City in an apparent suicide, aged 46.


Carl Adam Lewenhaupt

Carl Adam Göstasson ""Noppe"" Lewenhaupt (1 August 1947 – 28 February 2017) was a Swedish count, businessman and restaurateur.

Lewenhaupt worked at a bank and warehouse in London and New York. In the mid 1990s, he created and started Geddesholm Callcenter, one of Swedens largest call-centers, better known as Avesta teletjänst, which he sold in 2002. The same year he along with Erik Lallerstedt started the members only club "Noppe" at Östermalm in Stockholm.

Lewenhaupt was found dead on 28 February 2017 in a river outside Gärdet in Stockholm.

Taygetus

Taygetus is a mountain range in Peloponnese peninsula of Southern Greece. The highest mountain of this range is known as the "Profitis Elias" or the "Prophet Elias".

Michael M. Ryan

Michael McFoster Ryan (March 19, 1929 – March 1, 2017) was an American actor. Ryan was best known for his long-running role as John Randolph on the serial "Another World" (1964-1979). He was also known for his movie roles in "Tootsie" and "Slayground".

Ryan died on March 1, 2017 under hospice care in Kansas City, Missouri at the age of 87.

Bill Hougland

William Marion "Bill" Hougland (June 20, 1930 – March 6, 2017) was an American basketball player and businessman. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics and in the 1956 Summer Olympics. He was also a member of the Kansas Jayhawks' 1952 NCAA Men's Basketball National Championship team.

Hougland played for the Phillips 66ers from 1952 through 1958.

He was part of the American basketball team, which won the gold medal. He played all eight matches. Four years later he won his second gold medal as part of the American team.

After his sports career, Hougland served as Vice-President of Koch Industries until his retirement in 1991.

Hougland was born in Caldwell, Kansas. He studied at the University of Kansas. Houghland died on March 6, 2017 in Lawrence, Kansas, aged 86.


Florence S. Jacobsen

Florence Smith Jacobsen (April 7, 1913 – March 5, 2017) was an American religious leader. She was a member with The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). She served as the sixth General President of the Young Women's Mutual Improvement Association from 1961 to 1972.

Jacobsen died in Salt Lake City, Utah on March 5, 2017 at the age of 103.


M. S. Swaminathan

Mankombu Sambasivan Swaminathan (7 August 1925 – 28 September 2023) was an Indian geneticist, politician and international administrator. From 2007 to 2013, he was a member of the Rajya Sabha.

He is known for his role in India's Green Revolution a program under which high-yield varieties of wheat and rice seedlings were planted in the fields of poor farmers. Swaminathan is also known as "Indian Father of Green Revolution" for his leadership and success in creating and further developing varieties of wheat in India. He is the founder and chairman of the MS Swaminathan Research Foundation.

From 1972 to 1979 he was director general of the Indian Council of Agricultural Research. He was Principal Secretary, Ministry of Agriculture from 1979 to 1980. He served as Director General of the International Rice Research Institute (1982–88) and became president of the International Union for the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources in 1988.
Swaminathan died on 28 September 2023, at age 98.

In 1999, "Time" magazine placed him in the 'Time 20' list of most influential Asian people of the 20th century.


Arthur B. McDonald

Arthur Bruce McDonald (born August 29, 1943) is a Canadian astrophysicist. McDonald is the director of the Sudbury Neutrino Observatory Institute. He holds the Gordon and Patricia Gray Chair in Particle Astrophysics at Queen's University in Kingston, Ontario. 

McDonald was awarded the 2015 Nobel Prize in Physics with Japanese physicist Takaaki Kajita.


Moshe Safdie

Moshe Safdie, CC, FAIA (born July 14, 1938) is an Israeli-Canadian architect, urban designer, educator, theorist, and author. He is known for designing the Habitat 67, which paved the way for his international career. He won the Wolf Prize in 2019.


Goicoechea (canton)

Goicoechea is the 8th canton in the Province of San Jose, Costa Rica, with a population of 115,084 as of 2011. The city of Guadalupe is its main district. It forms part of the broader San José metropolitan area, itself the capital of the Republic.

Goicoechea is located northeast of the capital city of San José. Goicoechea's geographic center is 09°57'31" latitude north and 83º 59'26" longitude west.

The canton is narrowly shaped in width and elongated in length. It is a maximum of 20 kilometers wide in a southeast by northeast direction from the source of the Durazno River to the bridge crossing the Tórres River, along Nacional No. 5 road, that leads from San José to San Juan de Tibás.

It borders:

The canton is named after an illustrious national forefather, Franciscan friar José Antonio de Liendo y Goicoechea who was born in the city of Cartago in the Province of Cartago, Costa Rica, on the 3rd of May, 1735, and died July 2, 1814, in Guatemala.

The area corresponding to the Goicoechea canton during the pre-Columbian period was populated by an indigenous people called the Western Huetar Kingdom, under the rule of king Garabito at the start of the Spanish Conquest.

The first canton dwellers established themselves in what today is called Calle Blancos (White Street), the first street neighborhood in the area. This name was assigned to the area as a result of the many people by the name of Blanco (White) who had taken residence there. The population began to spread eastbound, stretching paths toward what later became known as the canton's center.

In 1828, the main district (known as the Municipality) of San José divided the Murciélago neighborhood into several groups of houses. This gave cause for registering, under the name of San José del Murciélago, what today is known as the , which became a village and eventually on August 6, 1891, according to Law No. 56 during José Joaquín Rodríguez Zeledón's administration, this village was granted township status to head the canton as its main district. Entry for San José del Murciélago was recorded in the Neighborhoods and Quarters Boundary Register at the Department of San José a full 63 years before Guadalupe reached municipality status for the Canton of Goicoechea.

As of November 30, 1841, the Neighborhood and Dwellings Boundary Register's entries for the Los Santos neighborhood, along with the San Francisco, San Ramón, San José, San Rafael and San Joaquín quarters matched what presently corresponds to a large portion of the Goicoechea canton. And in 1844 residents of the San José quarter negotiated a permit to build a hermitage dedicated to their patron St. Joseph. Six years later, the first parson of the area, presbyter Raimundo Mora, changed the patron saint as well as the name of the quarter from San José to Guadalupe, in honor of the Virgin of Guadalupe, being that he was her devotee. He also broke ground for the cemetery, which is one of the oldest works in the city of Guadalupe. In 1855 a began to be built where it is still presently located. The following year a parish was built, during the episcopacy of monsignor Joaquín Anselmo Llorente y Lafuente, Costa Rica's first bishop, and it is currently suffragan of the archdiocese of San José, belonging to the ecclesiastic province of Costa Rica.

The regional demographic and economic development that occurred in Goicoechea resulted from the planting of coffee. It became the dominant product as of 1850, replacing the large tobacco plantations that had constituted the main source of income for the earliest population. The "golden bean" was introduced to Guadalupe in 1840 by José Manuel Núñez, who planted it and established the first processing site at his former wheat mill. Another important factor in regional development was the Camino de Carrillo (Road to Carrillo), located near the confluence of the Sucio and Honduras rivers. The need for this road was due to local coffee farmers' demands to deliver their beans to the Limón harbor on the Atlantic for exportation, thereby shortening the cargo journey to their main European markets. At first the thought was to build a train track from San José, the country's capital, to Limón, moving through Paso de La Palma. Later in 1881, when the road section had reached Carrillo, the national government proposed to discontinue construction to open a road instead from San José to Carrillo. The following year that new road was inaugurated, but was in use for very little time, given its high cost of maintenance and traffic on it becoming sparse, once a train track construction from San José to the Caribbean coast was completed in 1890.

Goicoechea's first elementary school was built in 1883. It is located north of the Goicoechea Park. Afterward Escuela Carlos Gagini was built, and then in 1939 a new grammar school was inaugurated called Escuela Pilar Jiménez Solís, during president León Cortés Castro's administration. The secondary school Liceo Napoleón Quesada began operations in 1955, during president José Figueres Ferrer's first administration.

Guadalupe has been Goicoechea's municipality since 1891. But given its population growth, as of on August 10, 1920, during president Julio Acosta García's administration, Law No. 69 conferred to it the title of city.

Goicoechea was officially drawn away from the canton of San José and established by decree via Law No. 36 on December 7, l848. Law No. 56 decreed on August 6, 1891 that Goicoechea be itself established as a canton in the province of San José with Guadalupe as its municipality. Yet this law did not define any other districts for the canton, though it did recognize 6 townships toward that end.

The first Canton Board Hearing of Goicoechea occurred on September 13, 1891 with representatives Francisco Jiménez Núñez serving as president, Tomás Gutiérrez and Ezequiel Vargas serving as vice presidents. Jesús Zeledón served as secretary and Basileo Araya as political chief.

The first aqueduct and sewage lines were inaugurated in 1910 under president Ricardo Jiménez Oreamuno's administration.

Goicoechea consists of 7 districts:

Geologically, Goicoechea canton is grounded on volcanic matter dating to the Quartenary Period. Rocks from the Pleistocene epoch predominate in the region. Dating to this period, there are rolling structures located between Villa Rancho Redondo and the Purral district. Volcanic structures, recently and presently established, formed during the Holocene epoch. They are associated to pyroclastics and other volcanic matter such as lava, lahars and pyroclasts. The earliest ones are located west of the canton, originating from Villa Rancho Redondo. The later ones originate from Purral and move east.

The Goicoechea canton is part of a geomorphic unit of volcanic origin, which is divided into two sub-units called the Irazú Volcano and the Volcanic Filling of the Central Valley.

The Irazú Volcano sub-unit is located to the east of the canton from Villa Mata de Plátano. It consists of slopes of all kinds. The contours of the hills are rounded due to the thickness of recent ash deposits that cover almost the whole surface mass. The sub-unit is composed of volcanic rocks displaying gaps, lavas, tuffs, agglomerates, ignimbrites, ash and also many streams of mud and lahars. The rocks' degree of weathering is highly variable, with its origin being due to the accumulation of different type of volcanic rocks.

The volcanic filling of the Central Valley, located in the western sector of the canton, corresponds to a flat undulating surface. It is possible that changes on the surface within the area are due to the presence of lava only a few meters below the surface. This constitutes a front. The sub-unit takes surface form from volcanic rocks, mainly lavas, tuffs and ignimbrites covered by ash in varying thickness. The sequence flow of lavas rests on sedimentary rock. The lavas are of the andesitic type. Geomorphologically, this unit is not a valley. Nevertheless, for political, socio-economic reasons and various other kinds of references, it is preferable to continue calling this region the Central Valley. The correct technical name is Tectonic Pit, due to the presence of a fault along the foot of the Central Volcanic Sierra, which is evidenced by the existence of thermo-mineral sources. Also there is an abrupt interruption in the foothills that align with the fault as they descend from the Central Volcanic Sierra mountain range towards the valley. Additionally, there is the presence of an unexplained "volcanism" (Pacacua Formation) that corresponds with or nears the position of the fault.

Elevations above sea level for the urban centers in the districts of Goicoechea canton follow:


The fluvial system of the canton of Goicoechea follows Pacific slope, which belongs to the basin of the Grande de Tárcoles River.

The rivers that drain the region begin with the Purral River, with the Navarro River as its tributary as well as the Mozotal brook. The Purral river is a tributary of the Torres River along with the Cangrejos, Patalillo and Patal brooks, together with the Tiribí, Ipís, Durazno and Barreal streams. These watercourses, except for the Torres River, have their source in the canton, on the western slope of the Cabeza de Vaca Hill, and course east-to-west. The Torres, Tiribí, Durazno, Ipís flows, and the ravines Barreal and Patal serve as cantonal borders. The first borders with San José and Montes de Oca. The second borders with the Cartago province. The rivers Durazno and Ipís along with Vázquez de Coronado and the ravines, respectively border with the cantons of Moravia and Montes de Oca.

The canton's maximum width is 12.43 miles (20 km), spreading northeast to southwest from the source of the Durazno River to the bridge over the Torres River, along National Highway No.5, which runs from San José to San Juan de Tibás.


Goicoechea is home to important institutions of various kinds, both governmental and private, as well as a series of industries of great recognition, established mainly in the Calle Blancos industrial zone. Worthy to be noted are:


The canton of Goicoechea has been characterized for being an area of important industrial and commercial development in the province of San José, Costa Rica's capital. An example of its importance may best be seen in that companies such as Motorola and Durman Esquivel remained located in the district of Calle Blancos along with Coca Cola-FEMSA bottling corporation for decades. The construction of the industrial complex Parque Empresarial del Este in the same district has added multinational accounts, namely Amazon, Bank of America, Teletech, among others to this list of growing companies that have increased the rate of employment in the area, while the infrastructure, especially roads, has remained unchanged, leading to excessive congestion.

British Association for Applied Linguistics

The British Association for Applied Linguistics (BAAL) is an academic society. Members are professional applied linguists, language teachers, and other people interested in these topics. BAAL is in the United Kingdom. BAAL has more than 800 members. They meet at different places in the UK. The association publishes conference proceedings and a regular newsletter. It also gives scholarships to students. Tess Fitzpatrick, Professor of Applied Linguistics in the Centre for Language and Communication Research at Cardiff University, is the chair from 2015-2018.

BAAL's Annual Meeting happens every September in the UK. BAAL is part of the "Association Internationale de Linguistique Appliquee" (International Association of Applied Linguistics, AILA). In the UK, it is a registered charity. BAAL meetings usually have a theme.The theme of the 40th conference at the University of Edinburgh was 'Technology, Ideology and Practice in Applied Linguistics'.

The association started in the 1960s. At that time, more people were becoming interested in the new science of modern linguistics and they were especially interested in practical results. One important area of applied linguistics is language teaching and learning. Also at this time, the European Union was becoming more important, so people in Europe needed better language teaching.

Peter Strevens, the Chair in Applied Linguistics at the University of Essex first had the idea to start BAAL. At a meeting at Birkbeck College in July 1965, the original idea for BAAL was to study mainly language teaching and machine translation. However, at the first full meeting in 1967 in Reading, Berkshire the group decided to study many different topics. BAAL became the UK member of AILA, and Pit Corder was its first Chair. At first, membership was only for academics because BAAL wanted people to think it was a group of experts, not a teachers' meeting. However, by the early 1970s it became easier to join BAAL. Since 1985, anyone can join. There are no requirements to become a member. In 1980, the Association began to publish a journal called, "Applied Linguistics".




Kulanu

Kulanu, Hebrew: כולנו , meaning "All of Us", was an Israeli political party.

Its ideology was centrist social liberal, and Zionist. It was interested mainly with economic matters. Its political leaders were Yifat Shasha-Biton and then Moshe Kahlon.

Kulanu was founded as a branch of Likud in 2014 and rejoined Likud in July 2019. It participated in the Fourth Netanyahu Government with 10 seats, and since April 2019 with 4 seats.

Thirty-fourth government of Israel

The thirty-fourth government of Israel was installed on May 14, 2015 and ended on May 17, 2020. Prime minister was Likud politician Benjamin Netanyahu.

Participating parties (with seats in the 20th Knesset in brackets):

The Fourth Netanyahu Government can be characterized as a right-wing government with a great religious contribution.


Stan Collymore

Stanley Victor "Stan" Collymore (born 22 January 1971) is an English former footballer/ He played as a centre-forward from 1990 to 2001. He played for Nottingham Forest, Liverpool and Aston Villa and the England national football team.

Collymore was born in Stone, Staffordshire. He has depression.

Individual

Henri Pirenne

Henri Pirenne (December 23, 1862 in Verviers – October 25, 1935 in Uccle) was a Belgian historian and academic. Pirenne is considered as one of the most important historians of Belgium.

He studied at the University of Liège and was a professor at the University of Ghent. His focus was on Medieval history, the history of Belgium and economic history.

He developed the so-called "Pirenne thesis" (nowadays out of date) in his book "Mohammed and Charlemagne" (published after his death in 1937). According to this opinion Mediterranean economics were disturbed by the early Islamic conquests and not by the barbarian invasions some centuries before.

Pirenne resisted the Dutchification of the University of Ghent. When this university had completely become Dutch-language spoken in 1930, he moved to the Brussels region where died in 1935, aged 72.


Ian Callaghan

Ian Robert Callaghan (born 10 April 1942) is a retired English footballer. He played between 1959 and 1982 as a midfielder. He is best known as a Liverpool player. He holds the record for most times played for Liverpool, at 857 appearances. He won 17 honours with Liverpool, including two European Cups, in 1977 and 1978. He also played four times for the England national football team.

Callaghan was born in Toxteth, Liverpool.


^ Includes one goal in the FA Charity Shield

Liverpool

England


Alberto Zedda

Alberto Zedda (2 January 1928 – 6 March 2017) was an Italian conductor and musicologist. He was known for his work relating to the 19th-century Italian repertoire. He was born in Milan.

Zedda studied the works of Antonio Vivaldi, George Frideric Handel, Gaetano Donizetti, Vincenzo Bellini, Giuseppe Verdi, and most notably Gioachino Rossini. He was known for his research on vocal ornamentation and his aim at authentic performing style.

Zedda died on 6 March 2017 in Pesaro, Italy, aged 89.


Clara Hughes

Clara Hughes, OC OM MSC  was born on September 27, 1972 in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. She is a Canadian cyclist and speed skater who has won more than one Olympic medals in both events. She won two bronze medals in the 1996 Summer Olympics and four medals (one gold, one silver, two bronze) over the course of three Winter Olympics. She is known as a Canadian with the most Olympic medals.

Hughes is one of the few athletes who have competed in both the Summer and Winter Olympic games. Hughes is the only person ever to have won multiple medals in the winter and summer Olympics. Hughes is also the only Canadian to have won medals in both the Summer and Winter Olympics. Hughes was the first Canadian woman to win a medal in road cycling at the Olympics, winning two in the 1996 Atlanta Olympics.

Hughes was named to both the Order of Manitoba and as an Officer of the Order of Canada because of her work in sports and for the help she had given to others. She works with Right to Play, a sports program that helps youth all over the world. After winning her gold medal in 2006, she donated $10,000 to Right to Play.

Throughout her career, Hughes received many other awards and trophies. She was named Female Athlete of the Year by Speed Skating Canada in 2004 for the long track. In 2006 she received a Sport and Community Trophy. She was then named to the 2006 List of Most Influential Women in Sport and Physical Activity. In the summer of the year 2010, she would receive a star on the Canada's Walk of Fame and on November 15, 2010, she was put into Canada's Sports Hall of Fame.

She works for the Bell Let's Talk Mental Health program, including Bell Let's Talk Day. Hughes uses her past problems with depression to help others. "Hughes battled deep depression, which [almost ruined] her life, after winning two bronze medals in cycling at the 1996 Olympics." Since 2013, Hughes has started yearly bike rides across Canada to talk about mental health. In 2015, the CTV-produced documentary Clara's Big Ride premiered on the fifth annual Bell Let's Talk Day. Her memoir, "Open Heart, Open Mind", was published in 2015.

Anthony C. Beilenson

Anthony Charles "Tony" Beilenson (October 26, 1932 – March 5, 2017) was an American Democratic Congressman from Southern California. He served ten terms in the United States House of Representatives from 1977 to 1997.

Beilenson was born in New Rochelle, New York. He studied at Harvard University. He was Jewish. Beilenson died on March 5, 2017 in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack, aged 84.

Lois Capps

Lois Ragnhild Grimsrud Capps (born January 10, 1938) was the U.S. Representative for , serving in Congress from 1998 to 2017. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Capps served on the U.S. House Committee on Energy and Commerce, where she was a member of the Energy and Air Quality Subcommittee and the Subcommittee on Health. She was a member of the New Democrat Coalition.

Jim Broyhill

James Thomas "Jim" Broyhill (August 19, 1927 – February 18, 2023) was a Republican former U.S. Representative and Senator from the state of North Carolina. He represented much of the Foothills region of the state in the House from 1963 to 1986, and served in the Senate for four months in 1986.

Broyhill died at a retirement home in Winston-Salem, North Carolina, on February 18, 2023, at the age of 95.

Maryon Pittman Allen

Maryon Pittman Allen (November 30, 1925 – July 23, 2018) was an American journalist. She served as United States Senator from Alabama for five months in 1978, after her husband, Senator James B. Allen, died in office.

Allen died on July 23, 2018 in Birmingham, Alabama at the age of 92.

Lauch Faircloth

Duncan McLauchlin "Lauch" Faircloth (January 14, 1928 – September 14, 2023) was an American politician and businessman. He served one term as a Republican U.S. Senator from North Carolina from January 3, 1993 through January 3, 1999. He lost re-election in 1998 to John Edwards.

Faircloth was born in Sampson County, North Carolina.

Faircloth died at his home in Clinton, North Carolina, on September 14, 2023, at the age of 95.


Joseph Tydings

Joseph Davies Tydings (May 4, 1928 – October 8, 2018) was a Democratic member of the United States Senate, representing the state of Maryland from 1965 to 1971.

Tydings was born in Asheville, North Carolina. Tydings moved to Maryland after he was adopted by Millard Tydings, U.S. Senator from Maryland. After serving in the military, he got his law degree at the University of Maryland and entered into practice. 

He served in the Maryland House of Delegates from 1955 to 1961, and as United States Attorney from 1961 until his resignation in 1963 to run for Senate.

Tydings won election to the Senate in 1964. However, his controversial stances on gun control and crime in the District of Columbia cost him re-election in 1970. He made another attempt at his old seat in 1976, but was defeated in the Democratic primary election by Paul Sarbanes. 

He later served as a member of the Board of Regents of the University of Maryland, College Park and the University System of Maryland.

Tydings died in Washington, D.C., from cancer on October 8, 2018, aged 90.


Dick Clark (Iowa politician)

Richard Clarence "Dick" Clark (September 14, 1928 – September 20, 2023) was an American politician. He represented the state of Iowa in the United States Senate from 1973 to 1979. Clark was a member of the Democratic Party.

All throughout the campaign, polls showed Clark losing to Jack R. Miller by a large margin. An important part of Clark's campaign was his 1,300-mile walk across the state to gain publicity. This caused him to win the election in an upset.

Clark was a very liberal senator, consistently being ranked among the most liberal in the Senate throughout his one term tenure. 

As senator, he served on the Committee on Agriculture, Nutrition, and Forestry, the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship.

Clark was known for his efforts against the apartheid government in South Africa, his opponent, Roger Jepsen, called him "the Senator from Africa".

Clark was born in Cedar Rapids, Iowa. He completed his BA in 1953 at Upper Iowa University and his Masters in 1956 at the University of Iowa. He then became a professor at Upper Iowa University.

Clark died in his sleep on September 20, 2023 in Washington, D.C., six days after his 95th birthday.


Mehdi Mousavi

Mehdi Mousavi, also Mehdi Moosavi, (Farsi: مهدی موسوی)(born 1974, 1975, or 1976) is an Iranian poet. He is known for poems on social issues. Mousavi was arrested in 2013, along with poet Fatemeh Ekhtesari. Mousavi was sentenced to nine years in prison plus 99 lashes. A group of poets signed a petition asking for his release. Mousavi escaped from Iran in January 2016.

On December 6, 2013, Fatemeh Ekhtesari and Mehdi Moosavi had planned to travel to Turkey for a literary workshop, but they were stopped at the airport. They were told they were under a travel ban, and their passports were confiscated. A few hours later they disappeared and did not appear again until December 24, 2014, when it was known they were in Section 2A of Evin Prison. Torture and other abuse of prisoners is common in the prison, which is controlled by the Intelligence Division of the Islamic Revolution Guards Corps. On January 14, 2014, Ekhtesari and Mousavi were released on bail. Their lawyer said Moosavi was sentenced to six years in prison for "insulting the holy sanctities", three years for "storing tear gas", and 99 lashes for "illicit relations". The amount of the bail was 200 million tomans, or about 60,000 USD.

Mehdi Mousavi is known for his collections of poetry, and as a leader in the "Postmodern Ghazal" movement, a radical poetry movement that challenges religious traditions. Many of his works were banned in Iran and distributed underground. The authorities refused publication of two of his collections, "Suddenly" and "Beeping for the Sheep". Some of Mousavi's lyrics have been performed by Shahin Najafi, an Iranian singer in exile. 

Published works include:


Paul Wellstone

Paul David Wellstone (July 21, 1944 – October 25, 2002) was an American academic and politician who represented Minnesota in the United States Senate from 1991 until he was killed in a plane crash in Eveleth, Minnesota in 2002.

A member of the Democratic Farmer-Labor Party, Wellstone was a leader of the progressive wing of the national Democratic Party.


Rudy Boschwitz

Rudolph Ely "Rudy" Boschwitz (born November 7, 1930) is a former American Independent-Republican United States Senator from Minnesota. He served in the Senate from December 1978 to January 1991. In his re-election campaign in 1990, he was defeated by Paul Wellstone.

Boschwitz was born in Berlin to a Jewish family. His family moved from Nazi Germany to New York City to escape the Nazis. He was raised in New Rochelle, New York. He studied at New York University. Boschwitz served in the United States Army from 1954 through 1955. He is married to Ellen Boschwitz.

Boshwitz now serves on the Board of Directors of the Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs, is an AIPAC Board Member, and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.


Mack Mattingly

Mack Francis Mattingly (born January 7, 1931) served one term as a United States senator from Georgia. He was the first Republican to serve in the U.S. Senate from that state since Reconstruction.

Mattingly was born in Anderson, Indiana. He studied at Indiana University. 

In 1980, Mattingly unseated longtime Democratic Senator Herman Talmadge, which was seen as an historic political upset. 

Tom Carper

Thomas Richard "Tom" Carper (born January 23, 1947) is the senior United States Senator from Delaware, serving since 2001. 

A member of the Democratic Party, Carper served in the United States House of Representatives from 1983 to 1993 and was the 71st Governor of Delaware from 1993 to 2001.

In May 2023, Carper announced that he would not run for re-election in the 2024 election. 



Chris Coons

Christopher Andrew "Chris" Coons (born September 9, 1963) is the junior United States Senator from Delaware and a member of the Democratic Party.

Coons won a special election in 2010 to succeed Ted Kaufman, who had been appointed to the seat when Joe Biden resigned to become the vice president of the United States.


Alojz Benac

Alojz Benac (Plehan, Derventa, October 20, 1914 – Sarajevo, March 6, 1992). was a Bosnia-Herzegovinian archaeologist and historian.

He worked in the National Museum of Bosnia and Herzegovina from 1947 to 1967 (in the role of Director from 1957 to 1967). He then left to assume a professorship in archaeology and ancient history in the Faculty of Philosophy of the University of Sarajevo (1968–78). He later became the founder and first Director of the Centre for Balkan Studies, within the Academy of Sciences and Arts of Bosnia and Herzegovina (ANUBiH), of which he was General Secretary from 1971 to 1977 and President from 1977 to 1981

Benac focused his research on prehistory within the Western Balkans, and undertook numerous systematic archaeological excavations on sites including Arnautovići (Visoko), Crvena Stijena (Montenegro), Hrustovača in Hrustovo (Sanski Most), Obre I and II (Kakanj), Zecovi (Prijedor), Zelena Pećina in Blagaj (Mostar) and others.


Brian Schatz

Brian Emanuel Schatz (pronounced ; born October 20, 1972) is an American politician. He is the senior United States Senator for Hawaii. Schatz was appointed by Governor Neil Abercrombie to replace Senator Daniel Inouye after his death in 2012.

Schatz served in the Hawaii House of Representatives from 1998 to 2006, where he represented the 25th Legislative District and was chairman of the Democratic Party of Hawaii from 2008 to 2010. He also worked as chief executive officer of Helping Hands Hawaii, an Oahu nonprofit social service agency.

Schatz ran for Lieutenant Governor of Hawaii in the 2010 Hawaii gubernatorial election as the running mate of Neil Abercrombie. He served as lieutenant governor until December 26, 2012, when Abercrombie appointed Schatz to serve out Daniel Inouye's U.S. Senate term until the 2014 special election.

Joe Donnelly

Joseph Simon "Joe" Donnelly, Sr. (born September 29, 1955) is an American politician. Donnelly is the United States Ambassador to the Holy See since 2022. He was the United States Senator from Indiana. He is a member of the Democratic Party, Donnelly was in the Senate from January 3, 2013 to January 3, 2019.

In November 2018, Donnelly was defeated by Republican businessman Mike Braun.

In October 2021, President Joe Biden announced he would nominate Donnelly to be the U.S. Ambassador to the Vatican (Holy See). The United States Senate approved his nomination by a voice vote on January 20, 2022.


Rasha Shurbatji

Rasha Sharbaji (Arabic: رشا شربتجي )(born April 20 1975 in Cairo, Egypt) is a Syrian film director and producer. She directed the Egyptian television series “Sharaf Fatah Al Bab” (Sharaf Opened the Door). She also directed the series "Longing". She is the daughter of Syrian director Hisham Sharbatji. She spent her childhood with her mother in Cairo. She worked as a kindergarten teacher in the UAE before returning to Syria to live with her father. She married cameraman Nasser Rca.

Rasha was an assistant to her father before directing various television series.

Syrian drama:

Television series:
Ma fiyyeh 2019 
Egyptian television drama series:

Ben Cardin

Benjamin Louis "Ben" Cardin (born October 5, 1943) is an American politician and member of the Democratic Party. He serves as the senior United States Senator from Maryland, in office since 2007. 

Before his election to the Senate, Cardin, who has never lost an election, was a member of the United States House of Representatives, representing (1987-2007). He also served in the Maryland House of Delegates (1967–87), serving as Speaker (1979–87). He was the youngest Speaker in Maryland history.

Cardin was elected to succeed Paul Sarbanes in the 2006 U.S. Senate election, defeating Republican Michael Steele, the Lieutenant Governor of Maryland, by a margin of 54% to 44%. He was re-elected in 2012 with 55% of the vote. 

He became the senior Senator on January 3, 2017 upon Barbara Mikulski's retirement.

In May 2023, Cardin announced he would not run for re-election in 2024.


Chris Van Hollen

Christopher "Chris" Van Hollen, Jr. (born January 10, 1959) is an American politician. He is the junior United States Senator from Maryland, serving since January 3, 2017. From 2003-17, he served as the U.S. Representative for . He is a member of the Democratic Party.


Police state

Police state is a country where activities of its people are controlled by the government with the help of a strong police force. Many times these governments use a secret police unit to supervise and limit their citizens' activities. Judicial review in a police state either doesn't exist or is regularly manipulated by government officials.


Gary Peters

Gary Charles Peters (born December 1, 1958) is an American politician who is the junior United States Senator from Michigan. A member of the Democratic Party, he was the U.S. Representative for from 2013 until his election to the Senate. 

He previously represented from 2009 to 2013. Following the redrawing of congressional district boundaries after the 2010 United States Census, Peters defeated fellow Congressman Hansen Clarke in the Democratic primary and won re-election in the newly redrawn 14th District.



Jon Tester

Jonathan "Jon" Tester (born August 21, 1956) is the senior United States Senator from Montana, serving since 2007. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Tester was first elected to the Senate in 2006, beating Republican incumbent Conrad Burns in one of the closest Senate races of that year. He won re-election in 2012 against Rep. Denny Rehberg in another close race. 

Tester previously served as the president of the Montana Senate and worked as a music teacher and farmer. He became the senior Senator in 2014 when Max Baucus resigned to become U.S. ambassador to China. He is currently the dean of the Montana congressional delegation.


Heidi Heitkamp

Mary Kathryn "Heidi" Heitkamp (born October 30, 1955) is an American attorney and politician. She was the junior United States Senator from North Dakota from 2013 to 2019. She lost re-election in November 2018 to Kevin Cramer.

A member of the North Dakota Democratic-Nonpartisan League Party, she is the first woman elected to the US Senate from North Dakota. She served as the 28th North Dakota Attorney General from 1993 to 2001 and as State Tax Commissioner from 1989 to 1993.

Heitkamp ran for governor of North Dakota in 2000 and lost to Republican John Hoeven. 

Heitkamp is North Dakota's second female senator, after Jocelyn Burdick, who was appointed to the office.

In December 2016, it was reported that Heitkamp was being considered for agriculture secretary by president-elect Donald Trump, but she was not officially chosen for any cabinet positions.

Ron Wyden

Ronald Lee "Ron" Wyden (born May 3, 1949) is the senior United States Senator for Oregon, serving since 1996. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He previously served in the United States House of Representatives from 1981 to 1996.

Mike Lee

Michael Shumway "Mike" Lee (born June 4, 1971) is an American politician and lawyer who is the senior United States Senator from Utah. A member of the Republican Party, Lee has served in the U.S. Senate since January 3, 2011.

Lee tested positive for COVID-19 on October 1, 2020.


Maria Cantwell

Maria Elaine Cantwell (born October 13, 1958) is the junior United States Senator from Washington, serving since 2001. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Cantwell first served in the Washington House of Representatives from 1987 to 1993 and then in the United States House of Representatives from from 1993 to 1995, after which she worked as an executive for RealNetworks. She is Washington's second female senator, after Patty Murray. She serves as the Ranking Member on the United States Senate Committee on Energy and Natural Resources. 

While Democrats were in the majority, Cantwell served as Chairwoman of the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship from 2014 to 2015 and Chairwoman of the Committee on Indian Affairs from 2013 to 2014. 

Upon the February 2017 resignation of Jeff Sessions, Cantwell became the most senior junior Senator.


Rasha Sharbaji (disambiguation)

Rasha Sharbaji may refer to: 


Florence Pendleton

Florence H. Pendleton (January 28, 1926 – September 10, 2020) was an American politician and activist. She was the shadow senator from the District of Columbia. 

As the first shadow senator of the District of Columbia, her main goal was to promote the efforts of the District to gain full voting rights, alongside her counterpart in Seat 2. She was inaugurated as the first ever shadow senator on January 3, 1991. She retired in 2007.

Pendleton died on September 10, 2020 in Columbus, Georgia at the age of 94.

Michael Donald Brown

Michael Donald "Mike" Brown (born August 5, 1953) is a shadow senator from the District of Columbia. 

As a shadow senator, Brown receives no pay from the government, receives no budget from the government, and cannot vote on matters before the Senate. While he does not have an office in the United States Senate, the Government of the District provides the position with an office.

Paul Strauss

Paul Eric Strauss (born April 11, 1964) is a shadow senator from the District of Columbia. 

As one of the District of Columbia's two Shadow Senators, Strauss lobbies the U.S. Senate and the U.S. House of Representatives on behalf of the citizens of D.C. in their attempt to gain full federal representation, self-determination, and eventually admittance to the Union as the 51st state.

Eddy Pauwels

Eddy Pauwels (2 May 1935 – 6 March 2017) was a former Belgian racing cyclist from 1958 to 1966. He won 4 stages in the Tour de France and wore the yellow jersey for 4 days in total. In 1962, Pauwels won the combativity award in the Tour de France.

Pauwels died on 6 March 2017 in Brussels at the age of 81.

Ron Bass (wrestler)

Ronald Heard (December 21, 1948 – March 7, 2017) was a former American professional wrestler. He was best known under the name "The Outlaw" Ron Bass. His gimmick was a Texan cowboy who entered World Wrestling Federation (WWF) rings to the sound of a bullwhip.

In March 2017, Bass was hospitalized in Tampa, Florida due to a burst appendix and underwent surgery. He died on March 7, 2017 from complications of appendicitis-related surgery at the age of 68.

Syed Sajjad Ali Shah

Syed Sajjad Ali Shah (17 February 1933 – 7 March 2017) was a Pakistani politician and lawyer. He was the Chief Justice of Pakistan from 4 June 1994 to 2 December 1997.

When Dr. Nasim Hasan Shah retired as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court in 1994, Justice Saad Saud Jan should have taken his place based on seniority. Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto threw tradition overboard, when she by-passed two senior judges and appointed Sajjad Ali Shah as Chief Justice of the Supreme Court. 

Later, she was fired by President Farooq Leghari on charges of corruption and Sajjad Ali Shah along with 6 other members of the Supreme Court were fired as well.

Sajjad Ali Shah was born in Karachi. He studied at the University of Karachi. Sajjad Ali Shah died of pneumonia on 7 March 2017 in Karachi, aged 84.

Helen Sommers

Helen Sommers (March 29, 1932 – March 7, 2017) was an American politician. She served in the Washington House of Representatives from 1972 to 2009. She represented the 36th district, as a member of the Democratic Party. At the time of her retirement she was the state's longest serving legislator. 

Sommers was born in Woodbury Heights, New Jersey. She studied at the University of Washington. Sommers died on March 7, 2017 in Palm Beach Gardens, Florida from natural causes, aged 84.

Douglas Henry

Douglas Henry (May 18, 1926 – March 5, 2017) was an American politician and attorney. He was the longest-serving member of the Tennessee legislature. He was a member of the Tennessee Senate, representing the 21st district (part of Davidson County) from 1971 through his retirement in 2014.

Henry served as a state senator beginning with his election to the 87th General Assembly, prior to which he was a member of the Tennessee House of Representatives during the 79th General Assembly. 

Henry was a stronger supporter of education, children's welfare, and voting rights, and an opponent of abortion. He helped remove a portrait of anti-Confederate Governor William G. Brownlow and install a bust of Confederate Lieutenant General and early Ku Klux Klan member Nathan Bedford Forrest in the Tennessee State Capitol. 

Henry was born in Nashville, Tennessee. He studied at Vanderbilt University. Henry died on March 5, 2017 in Nashville from natural causes, aged 90.

Lynne Stewart

Lynne Irene Stewart (October 8, 1939 – March 7, 2017) was an American defense attorney and convicted criminal. She was known for representing controversial, poor, and often unpopular defendants. She was convicted of helping pass messages from her client, Sheikh Omar Abdel-Rahman, an Egyptian cleric convicted of planning terror attacks, in 2005.

Stewart was called a "radical-leftist American lawyer" by The New York Times.

Stewart was born in Brooklyn, New York. She was raised in Queens, New York. She studied at Wagner College and at Rutgers University in Newark, New Jersey.

Stewart was convicted on charges of conspiracy and providing material support to terrorists in 2005, and sentenced to 28 months in prison. Her felony conviction led to her being automatically disbarred. She was convicted of helping pass messages from her client, Sheikh Omar Abdel-Rahman, an Egyptian cleric convicted of planning terror attacks, to his followers in al-Gama'a al-Islamiyya, an organization designated as a Foreign Terrorist Organization by the United States Secretary of State.

She was re-sentenced on July 15, 2010, to 10 years in prison in light of her perjury at trial. She served her sentence at the Federal Medical Center, Carswell, a federal prison in Fort Worth, Texas.

Stewart was released from prison on December 31, 2013 on a compassionate release order because of her terminal breast cancer diagnosis.

Stewart died at her home in Brooklyn, New York from a stroke and complications of breast cancer, aged 77.

List of educational institutions in Karaikal, India

List of notable educational institutions in Karaikal:

Thanjavur Taluk

Thanjavur Taluk is a tehsil or taluk or administrative division of the Thanjavur district, Tamil Nadu, India. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Thanjavur, which is also the district headquarters. It itself has been further divided into two revenue blocks: Budalur block and Thanjavur block.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Thanjavur had a population of 510,411 with 253,723 males and 256,688 females. There were 1012 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 78.51%. Of the children less than six years of age, 23,251 were male and 21,749 were female.

Kumbakonam Taluk

Kumbakonam Taluk is a taluk of Thanjavur district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Kumbakonam. Big towns in this taluk are Kumbakonam, Dharasuram, Thirunageswaram, Ullur, Perumandi, Natchiyar Koil, Annalagraham, Swamimalai and Cholapuram.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Kumbakonam had a population of 435,962 with 216,186 males and 219,776 females. There were 1017 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 78.05. Child population in the age group below 6 was 20,558 Males and 19,889 Females.

Orathanadu Taluk

Orathanadu Taluk is a taluk of Thanjavur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk are located at Orathanadu.

As of the Census of India 2011, the population of Orathanadu taluk of Thanjavur district is 1,60,367 with 40,383 households.The total population constitute, 77,719 males and 82,648 females —a sex ratio of 1063 females per 1000 males. 15,597 children are in the age group of 0–6 years, of which 8,004 are boys and 7,593 are girls. The average literacy rate stands at 75.16% with 1,08,813 literates.

Arasalar River

Arasalar River is a branch river of Cauvery which split into 5 different rivers when it enters into Thanjavur district from Tiruchirapalli. At a village named Pullambadi the River Cauvery has been stopped by Lower Anaicut or the Grand Anaicut (Anaicut in Tamil means Dam in English) and from Thiruvaiyaru (the name of the town refers separation of 5 rivers) the Arasalar River separates from River Cauvery. This river enters into the Sea of Bay of Bengal at Karaikal.

Shah Yaqeeq Bukhari

Shah Aqeeq Bukhari (c. 1432 – c. 1451) (known as Shah Yaqeeq/Aqeeq Baba) was a Suhrawardi Sufi. He lived in Sindh, Pakistan

Shah Aqeeq lived from about 1432 to 1451. He is celebrated as a Suhrawardi Sufi Saint. Shah Aqeeq lived in Uch, Punjab till the age of 7 but after his father Muhammad Sharifuddin Ibn Abdullah Bhukari's death he and their brothers migrated to Sindh. In Sindh Shah Aqeeq met with Mian Usaman Shah. Severals years later he became the successor of Mian Usman Shah.
The urs () is celebrated every year in the month of the Jumada al-awwal The "Urs is ("anniversary of his death celebrated in the town of "Shah Aqeeq", in Chuhar Jamali in Sujawal District, and there is a shrine to Shah Aqeeq where he is venerated as a "spiritual surgeon" and many visitors believe they are cured of disease. (In 1986, a biography was written about him by Habibu Sindhi and published by the Anjuman-i-Ghulaman-i-Mustafa).

Shah Aqeeq Baba is considered to be a spiritual surgeon in 'Sindh', Pakistan. People having diseases like cancer, heart/lungs/liver/brain diseases or any other diseases (even if doctors have denied) from all over the country even from outside the country come here for treatments. The treatment is followed by annunciations. Following the annunciations is considered as important and necessary.


Pir Baba

Hazrat Pir Baba (), was a Sufi saint. His real name was Syed Ali Shah Tirmizi, of the Kubrawiya(Kubrawi) Sufi Order.
He was probably born in AH 908 (1431 CE), in present-day Uzbekistan, was of Arabic descent, and died in AH 991 (1502 CE).

Thiruvalangadu

Thiruvalangadu is a village in the Thiruvallur district, Tamil Nadu, India.This is a village located on the western suburbs of Chennai. It is famous as a sacred site for Hindus for two reasons. 


The population of the village as per the 2011 census is 5913. The male population is 2969. The female population is 2944.

Anna Nagar

Anna Nagar is a neighbourhood in the metropolitan city of Chennai, India. This area is named after the Tamil leader C. N. Annadurai. This area is in the north-western part of Chennai and forms a part of the Aminjikarai taluk. It is one of the prime residential areas in Chennai.One of the primary landmarks in Anna Nagar is the Anna Nagar Tower, built in 1968 as part of the World Trade Fair.

Anna Nagar originated as a suburban village called Naduvakkarai. It was called Mullam Village and is still referred to like that by the Land and revenue department for all official purposes.The Anna Nagar Tower is a tall tower built for the 1968 World Trade Fair, by B. S. Abdur Rahman.

The was inaugurated in the year 2003. It is on the Thirumangalam road, a road that connects Anna Nagar West with Villivakkam area of Chennai.

Amir Ohana

Amir Ohana, Hebrew: אמיר אוחנה‎‎ , (born March 15, 1976 in Beer Sheba Israel) is an Israeli politician and lawyer. Previously he worked at Shin Bet (internal intelligence agency of Israel). He is the Speaker of the Knesset (Israeli parliament) since 29 December 2022.

Ohana has been a Member of the Knesset for Likud since 2015. He is the first openly gay MK for his party.

From 2019 to 2020 he was justice minister in the Fourth Netanyahu Government, and from 2020 to 2021 he was minister of internal security in the Fifth Netanyahu Government.


Paper towel

Paper towels (or kitchen paper) is an absorbent tissue made from paper instead of cloth. Unlike cloth towels, paper towels are disposable and thrown away after use. They soak up water because they are loosely woven. This lets water travel into the paper by capillary action. The water sticks to the fibers by adhesion.

In 2020, scientists from the University of Leeds performed an experiment that showed that people who dried their hands with paper towels removed more viruses than people who dried their hands with jet air dryers. The study was performed in a hospital bathroom.

Perryville, Missouri

Perryville is a city in southeast Missouri. It is near the Mississippi River and the Illinois state border. Perryville is the county seat of Perry County.

At the 2020 census, 8,555 people were living there.

Ronald Drever

Ronald William Prest Drever (October 1931 – 7 March 2017) was a Scottish experimental physicist. He was a Professor Emeritus at the California Institute of Technology. He co-founded the LIGO project, and was a co-inventor of the Pound–Drever–Hall technique for laser stabilization. This work was important in the first detection of gravitational waves in September 2015.

Drever died on 7 March 2017 in Edinburgh, Scotland from complications of dementia, aged 85.

Juan Carlos Touriño

Juan Carlos Touriño (14 July 1944 – 7 March 2017) was a Spanish football defender. He won two Spanish league titles and two Spanish Cup with Real Madrid. He made one appearance for the Spanish national team.

Touriño died at a hospital in Buenos Aires on the night of 7 March 2017 from pancreatic disease, aged 72.

Real Madrid


Horst Seehofer

Horst Lorenz Seehofer (born 4 July 1949 in Ingolstadt) is a German conservative politician (CSU). He was the Federal Minister for Health and Social Security from 1992 to 1998 and the Federal Minister of Food, Agriculture and Consumer Protection from 2005 to 2008. In October 2008 he became chairman of the CSU and Minister-President of Bavaria. In 2011/12 he served as President of the Bundesrat.

Fairfield, Vermont

Fairfield is a small town in the state of Vermont in the United States of America.

Samma dynasty

The Samma dynasty () was a great power in the Pakistan, that ruled the region of Sindh, Kutch, parts of Punjab and Balochistan from 1351 to 1524, with their capital at Thatta in modern Pakistan; before being replaced by the Arghun dynasty.

The Samma dynasty has left its mark in Sindh with magnificent structures including the necropolis of and royalties in Thatta.

They are said to have descended from the lineage of Jadam Aheers or they are part of Lohana conferedency.

Per-Bast

Per-Bast was an ancient Egyptian city. It is the place where the center of the cult of Bast is. Bast is a cat-goddess who is the protectress of Ra. The name Per-Bast means "house of Bast". Per Bast was in the Nile Delta and served as the capital of the nome "Am-Khent," the 18th nome in Lower Egypt.

Robert D. Orr

Robert Dunkerson Orr (November 17, 1917 – March 10, 2004) was an American politician. He was the 45th Governor of Indiana from 1981 to 1989. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was served as United States Ambassador to Singapore from July 14, 1989 through September 12, 1992.

Orr was born in Ann Arbor, Michigan. He was raised in Evansville, Indiana. He studied at Yale University and at Harvard University. Orr was married to Josie Wallace from 1946 until they divorce in 2000. In 2001, he married Mary Davis. Their marriage lasted until his death in 2004.

Orr died in Indianapolis, Indiana from complications of kidney surgery on March 10, 2004, aged 86.


Ambergris

Ambergris is lumps of fatty compounds, secreted and expelled by the sperm whale. Because the harvesting of ambergris causes no harm to the whales, collecting it is not controversial.

Koyambedu

Koyambedu is a locality in the South Indian city of Chennai. The Koyambedu area has become a major centre of Chennai City after the inauguration of the Koyambedu market and the CMBT. Koyambedu is surrounded by localities like Vadapalani, Anna Nagar, Arumbakkam, Aminjikarai, Virugambakkam and Nerkundram.

Koyambedu is famous for its wholesale fruit and vegetable market, popularly called Koyambedu Market. This was established in 1996, when the city's principal wholesale fruit and vegetable market in Kothawal Chavadi had to be closed. The market is one of the largest wholesale market in Asia.

Keren Neubach

Keren Neubach (Hebrew: קרן נויבך‎‎, born March 28, 1970) is an Israeli journalist, and television and radio presenter.

Neubach studied history at Tel Aviv University. She is bisexual.


Samayapuram

Samayapuram is a suburb of the city of Tiruchirappalli in Tamil Nadu, India. Formerly a separate village of its own, Samayapuram was included in the Tiruchirappalli Municipal Corporation limits in 1994. Samayapuram is located 12 kilometres north from the heart of the city on the Trichy-Chennai road. The Samayapuram Mariamman Temple, a most important place of Hindu worship is located here.

Tiruvallur district

Tiruvallur district is an administrative district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The town of Tiruvallur is the district headquarters. The district has a mixture of urban and rural characteristics. The Eastern part of Tiruvallur district is dominated by urban characteristics while the Southern and Northern part of the district has influence of Andhra culture due to its position.

Tiruvallur is well known, one of the reason being the Veeraragava Temple. The new moon day is very auspicious day for the lord and so for the people of the town.ccording to 2011 census of India, Thiruvallur district had a population of 3,728,104 with a sex-ratio of 987 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929.

Kanyakumari district

Kanyakumari district is the southernmost district in Tamil Nadu state and mainland India. It is the second largest district in the state in terms of population density and the second most urbanized, next only to Chennai district. The district stands first in terms of literacy rate in the state. The district headquarters is Nagercoil.

Havel

The Havel is a river in Germany. It flows through Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Brandenburg, Berlin and Saxony-Anhalt.

Virtual DOS machine

A Virtual DOS machine (VDM) permits the users of computers to run 16-bit or 32-bit DOS and 16-bit Windows programs on 32-bit computers when there already is a different operating system using the hardware.

Virtual DOS machines normally use the virtual 8086 mode of the Intel 80386 (or later) processor, allowing many 8086 applications to function by translating operating system commands to make applications think that they are running on an 8086. The operating system can then emulate the DOS software. VDMs like Windows 3.x 386 Enhanced Mode can add support for using 16-/32-bit protected mode software if they use the DOS Protected Mode Interface (DPMI). If a DOS program in a VDM needs to use a peripheral, Windows will give the DOS program a virtual device driver (VDD) which emulates the hardware using commands that the operating system it is running on can understand.

DOS VDMs appeared on Windows/386 2.01 in 1987 and were also in Windows 3.x, if you were using 386 Enhanced Mode as well as in 95, 98, 98 SE and Me.

Similar to Windows 3.x, VDMs can let you run many DOS applications at one time if you use the EMM386 /MULTI option. Digital Research / Novell was working on a similar system since 1991 under the codename "Vladivar" (originally a device driver KRNL386.SYS and not part of EMM386). It was made for the next version of DR DOS, released as Novell DOS 7 in 1994, but it was also used in their "Star Trek" project, which they stopped working on before finishing.

VDMs called MVDM (Multiple Virtual DOS Machine) are used in OS/2 2.0 and later. OS/2 MVDMs are better than NTVDM in many ways, for example with block devices. While the OS/2 1.x emulated DOS 3.0, 2.x emulated DOS 5.0.

Running Windows 3.1 applications in OS/2 looks similar to XP Mode in Windows 7, but the technologies used are very different. A "guest" VDM permits programs to use the disks of the OS/2 or NT operating system that is running the VDM. Applications in a VDM can use named pipes to talk to their "host".

NTVDM is included in all x86 versions of Windows made on NT, and let 16-bit Windows and 16-/32-bit DOS applications run. It is not included with 64-bit versions (see Limitations). ntvdm.exe helps emulate the APIs needed to run 16-bit DOS and Windows applications.

NTVDM uses NTIO.SYS and NTDOS.SYS, which runs a changed version of COMMAND.COM. The 16-bit system files are smaller versions of their MS-DOS 5.0 counterparts, including IO.SYS, MSDOS.SYS and COMMAND.COM, which remove biases with the FAT file system and can also call the 32-bit NTVDM if needed. NTDOS originally gave a DOS version of 30.00 to programs, but this soon was changed to 5.00 to let more programs to run without being changed However, there are many newer MS-DOS functions and commands added to MS-DOS versions 6.x and in Windows 9x which are not there.

16-bit programs run separately within one 32-bit NTVDM process. Checking "Run in separate memory space" in the "Run" dialog box or shortcut of the program creates a new process instead. NTVDM emulates BIOS functions, the Windows 3.1 kernel, and its 16-bit API.

32-bit DOS emulation is used for DPMI and using 32-bit memory. wowexec.exe is the emulator process for 16-bit Windows. Windows 2000 added Sound Blaster 2.0 emulation to 32-bit NTVDM. 16-bit and DOS virtual device drivers can't be run. Win16 programs can communicate with other parts of Windows using OLE, DDE and named pipes.

As virtual 8086 mode isn't available on non-x86 processors, NTVDM was a full emulator for NT on these architectures. NT 3.51 could only 80286, but since NT 4.0, 486 emulation was added.

In January 2010, Google security researcher Tavis Ormandy discovered a large security problem in NTVDM system letting non-Administrators to increase their permissions to the SYSTEM level. Ormandy claimed it was a problem for all x86 versions of Windows NT after 1993. 32-bit versions of NT 3.X/4.0, 2000, XP, 2003, Vista, 2008, and 7 were affected. Ormandy published how the problem works. Before Microsoft could fix it, you could turn off 16-bit application support to solve the problem, but it made so you could not run 16-bit programs. x64 Windows never had this problem because it doesn't use NTVDM. After applying the security fixes Microsoft made available, NTVDM could be turned on safely.

NTVDM and wowexec had limitations on Windows XP and later because of a GDI object limit per session, which might cause GDI handles to be moved two bits to the right when changing 32 to 16 bits. Handles thus could not be larger than 14 bits, so 16-bit programs with a GDI handle larger than 16384 would crash.

On x86-64 CPUs, virtual 8086 mode is only available as a legacy sub-mode (if running a 32-bit operating system), but not in 64-bit long mode, which is why NTVDM is not included with 64-bit versions of Windows, so 16-bit applications cannot be run on 64-bit Windows. You'll need Windows XP Mode or similar virtualization software to run 16-bit programs within a 64-bit operating system.

NTVDM cannot run DOS games on computers of today. Emulation is only provided for simple peripherals. For example, sound in NTVDM can be limited. Windows NT only updates the screen a few times per second when DOS programs write on it, and they can't emulate high-resolution graphics options. As software runs at the speed of the CPU, all "timing loops" stop too early. This either makes games run too fast, or causes the software to not see some emulated hardware peripherals, because it can not wait that long for an answer.



Imambara Zadibal

Imambara Zadibal was the first Imambara constructed in Kashmir Valley by Kaji Chak, minister in the regime of Sultan Mohammad in the year 1518. This Imambara was burned down and destroyed number of times.

One of the most ancient monuments of Kashmir, Imambara Zadibal is in the state of Jammu and Kashmir, administered by India. It lies in the Zadibal area within Srinagar to the west side of the fort. Built in 1518, this shrine was erected by Kaji Chak, who was a minister with Sultan Mohammed Shah. This two-storey building is one of the oldest historic places in Kashmir valley. Sitting on the lines of Persian architecture, this shrine looks old and it is a popular tourist spot. From 1548 AD to 1872 AD, the building was set on fire eleven times and it was rebuilt each time. Recently, the ancient Imambara was taken down in 2004 to restructure and rebuild the shrine that stands today. The shrine is large enough to hold more than 32,000 visitors at a time.

There are different stories about the construction of the Imambara Zadibal, but the history says Tajik Shah donated the land of the zadibal to Mir Shamshud din Iraqi, who introduced Shia Islam to Kashmir and influenced the government officials of that time. 

Then the family of Mir Shamshud din Iraqi, whose mausoleum is only few feet away from the Imambara Zadibal, lived in the place. The fifth generation of his family built their private mosque and lived nearby well into the early twenty-first century. They set aside productive land to generate money for the upkeep of the mosque. They kept the rights of ownership to themselves but allowed their neighbors to pray there. 

It became the main center of learning for the followers of Ahlul bait. The elders of Markdar families would teach about religion. They also built a Hamam to use as a guest house for travelers coming from Baltistan and other distant areas. During time of Maharaja Ghulab Singh who wanted to keep all the centers under the control of his rule through his representatives (Jalalis) so that no one could revolt against him. Then a dispute broke out between Jalalis and Markdars. It went on for 150 years. 

At the time of prime minister of Kashmir Bakshi Ghulam Mohammad, the Markdars donated the Imambara to the Shia public and later on its guardianship was taken by Shia Association. The Shia Association procured the land around the Imambara from the Markdars through several different deals, including language exchanges and cash payments. Recently, the Imambara was repaired by the late Molvi Iftikhar Hussein Ansari.

Inspired by the Persian style of architecture, Imambara Zadibal is a two-storey building. It is made out of oriental bricks. Its Maharaji bricks cover an area of over 75 square meters. This shrine has various sideways floor raisings called Gulam Gardish. There is a central ground level floor called Pokhr. It also has a large gallery with four gates.

Currently, the structure is under the supervision of All Jammu and Kashmir Shia Association, who maintain it. The structure that we see today is still undergoing construction work.

Shia Muslims are a minority in Kashmir. During the first 10 days of Muharram, Imambada Zadibal becomes a centre of mourning and religious gathering in Zadibal. Shia followers join in the mourning, usually ending on the day of Ashura, when a large procession parades through the streets of Zadibal ending at Imambada Zadibal. Mourning continues from first day of Muharram to eighth of the Islamic month Rabi al Awwal, after which Eid al Zahra, also known as Eid e Shuja, is celebrated. This marks the end of the two-month mourning period.

Imambara Zadibal has been destroyed and rebuilt many times. From the period of Sultan Nazuk Shah by Mirza Douglat in 1548 AD to the reign of Maharaja Ranbir Singh in 1872 AD, this shrine was burnt down around eleven times.

At the time Imambara Zadibal was constructed, it was a majestic building and people in the Kashmir Valley were proud of it. However, Mirza Hyder Kashgari Douglat set this shrine on fire in 1548 AD. Daulat Chak began rebuilding it in 1551.

Zafar Kupawari set Imambara Zadibal on fire for the second time in 1553. It was burned down again in 1653 by enemies of Ahlul Bayt during the reign of Mughal Emperor Shah Jahan.

In 1682 AD, when Emperor Aurangzeb Alamgir ruled, Imambara Zadibal was set on fire again. In 1719 AD, it was burned down for the fifth time during the Mukhtawi Khan clash. It caught fire for the sixth time in 1748 AD by enemies of Ahlul Bayt. They did so again in 1763. Imambara Zadibal caught fire again in June 1801, during Afghan rule in Kashmir, just before Ashura. 

In July 1830, the shrine was the site of a massacre when Jammu and Kashmir were under Sikh rule. This same day, many Shias were cruelly murdered. This happened at Ali Park in Zadibal or Margibal.

Imambara Zadibal was rebuilt with the financial help sent by Nawab Hakim Mehndi Ali Khan , the prime minister of Awadh's King Nasir-ud-din Haider. This grant was sent to Haji Baqir Khan Irani, who passed on the duty of rebuilding this structure to Hatim Mir.

In September 1872, the building was again set ablaze under the rule of Maharaja Ranbir Singh. He was a Dogra Ruler of J&K. This time, the king gave considerable financial aid of about Rs. 3 lakhs to renovate the Imambara and restore it to its current prosperous condition. Every time the shrine went through fire, followers of Prophet Mohammad and Ahlul Bayt were only more convinced to make it whole again.

Reaching this shrine is easy because it is close to Srinagar Highway. The Imambara is in the middle of Zadibal, and it is near the Khushal Sar Lake and Hari Parbat Fort that most people call Qilla. The nearest railway station is the Srinagar railway station. It is an hour's ride away by car. Sheikh ul Alam International Airport is only a few kilometers from the Imambara. Taxi services are also available within the city of Srinagar.


Windows on Windows

With computers, Windows on Windows (often shortened to WOW,) is a compatibility layer of x86 versions of the Microsoft Windows NT family of operating systems that allows many legacy 16-bit programs run that were made for Windows 3.x or before to run.

WOW allows many 16-bit Windows programs to run without changes on newer 32-bit versions of Windows. This was made to give software developers time to make their software 32-bit while people moved from Windows 3.1x to Windows 95, so the OS can be upgraded to a newer version while running most, or all of, a customer's 16-bit programs.

Windows 9x operating systems, which were made on top of DOS, had both 16 and 32-bit systems, so if it kept those 16-bit parts, the OS could run 16-bit software without emulation. NT-based versions are very different in how they run, so they need a more sophisticated solution. There are two main techniques to let 16-bit programs run on 32-bit versions of Windows (with some limitations) called thunking and shimming.

WOW "thunks" 16-bit instructions into 32-bit equivalents to permit 16-bit pointers, memory spaces, and address spaces.

16-bit programs usually run in a single virtual DOS machine, sharing memory between them. However, they can be changed to run in a private, separate memory space, where every 16-bit process has a separate process. This can reduce system crashes by not letting programs interfere with others, but it can cause reduced 16-bit inter-process communication and can use more of your computer's memory.

WOW is a part of 32-bit editions of Windows NT. 64-bit versions of Windows (including Windows Server 2008 R2 and later where they only have 64-bit versions) can not run 16-bit software without using different emulation software (for example, DOSBox).

WOWEXEC.EXE on Windows NT allows WoW to work. Windows-on-Windows can, using the WIN.COM file, emulate the Windows 3.x (for NTVDM), Windows 95 and Windows 98 kernels, which can run 16-bit DOS-powered Windows applications on Windows NT.

Problems with applications running on newer operating systems, especially with long filenames, multiple user accounts, and least privilege, may prohibit some applications from working correctly. For example, they might incorrectly think that they can write files to any part of the file system, but NTFS file permissions exist and does not allow this in many system folders. When Microsoft was building Windows 95, they had to ensure old programs still worked with 8.3 filenames to allow old applications to keep working properly. Since Windows 95, there was a feature where both a long and short file name are kept, so older applications could still use the 8.3 filenames.

Programs that try to access hardware directly can't do so. Old programs may also not work if they expect certain system configuration files from DOS and Windows 9x that are not used in Windows NT operating systems, so empty versions of files like AUTOEXEC.BAT and CONFIG.SYS exist even though Windows NT does not use them.

Many shims exist in the application compatibility layer of later versions of Windows to capture and change API calls from old applications made with different assumptions about the operating system in mind.



Duenos inscription

The duenos inscription is a Latin text found on a piece of pottery in Rome. The pottery was dated to the sixth century BC. The text is among the oldest known texts of old Latin. It is difficult to read because the words are not separated by spaces.

Since the pottery, or "kernos", was found in 1880, many translations have been proposed. By 1983, more than fifty different explanations of the meaning had been put forward. Due to the lack of a large body of archaic Latin, and the method by which Romans abbreviated their inscriptions, scholars have not been able to produce a singular translation that has been accepted by historians as accurate. However thanks to Arthur E. Gordon's work the reading of the text can be now considered certain.

Below is the transcription and one of many possible interpretations:

Line 1:

Line 2:

Line 3:

An interpretation set out by Warmington and Eichner, renders the complete translation as follows, though not with certainty:

Syria Direct

Syria Direct is a not-for-profit news organization based in Jordan. It was started in 2013 by television news producer Amjad Tadros and the Global Peace and Development Charitable Trust. "Syria Direct" reports on the conflict in neighboring Syria, because reporting from Syria is either restricted or too dangerous.

"Syria Direct" publishes news reports, interviews, photographs, and videos from inside Syria. They also publish a newsletter. They do not accept advertising. Their operations are funded by the Global Peace & Development Charitable Trust.

"Syria Direct" is published in English and Arabic. The articles are for readers who are already 
knowledgeable about Syria but want more detailed information. "Syria Direct" employs about 24 Syrians and Americans who talk to Syrian activists and civilians on both sides of the conflict every day by Skype. Syrian journalists write the stories in Arabic. The stories are translated to English, fact-checked and edited, then translated back to Arabic. Their website receives about 50,000 page views every month. Their Facebook page has 77,000 followers. Thousands of people follow their Twitter account. 

"Syria Direct" also has a training program for journalists from Syria. In the past, the training program has received funding from the US Embassy Amman's Public Affairs Section, the Syria office of the Konrad Adenauer Stiftung organization, and the Canadian Embassy in Amman. Every six months they train twelve new Syrian journalists. The trainees' stories have been published in USA Today, CNN.com, Radio Free Europe, and international new organizations like Le Monde and The Toronto Globe and Mail. As of September 2016, they had trained 70 new journalists.


Dunn index

The Dunn Index (DI) is a metric for judging a clustering algorithm. A higher DI implies better clustering. It assumes that better clustering means that clusters are compact and well-separated from other clusters.

There are many ways to define the size of a cluster and distance between clusters.

The DI is equal to the minimum inter-cluster distance divided by the maximum cluster size. Note that larger inter-cluster distances (better separation) and smaller cluster sizes (more compact clusters) lead to a higher DI value.

In mathematical terms:

Let the size of cluster C be denoted by: formula_1

Let the distance between clusters i and j be denoted by: formula_2

formula_3

Alejandra Soler

Alejandra Soler Gilabert (July 8, 1913 – March 1, 2017) was a Spanish politician and teacher. She also worked for the Diplomatic Academy of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs of the Russian Federation. She was born in Valencia, Spain. She took part in the revolts against Miguel Primo de Rivera's dictature and in 1934, she became a member of the communist party. 

Soler died on March 1, 2017 in Valencia, Spain from suspected heart failure, aged 103.


Dave Valentin

David Peter Valentin (April 29, 1952 – March 8, 2017) was an American Latin jazz flautist. In the 1970s Valentin combined Latin music with jazz in bands with Bill O'Connell, Lincoln Goines, Richie Morales, Robby Ameen, Sammy Figueroa, and Giovanni Hidalgo. For seven years in a row he was chosen as the best jazz flautist by readers of "Jazziz" magazine. In 1985 he received a Grammy Award nomination. In 2003 he won a Grammy for "Caribbean Jazz Project", an album he did with Dave Samuels.

Valentin died from complications of a stroke and Parkinson's disease in the Bronx, at the age of 64.

Anthony Delhalle

Anthony Delhalle (11 January 1982 – 9 March 2017) was a French Grand Prix motorcycle racer. He rode a Suzuki GSX-R1000 in the FIM CEV Superbike European Championship and the Endurance FIM World Championship. 

Delhalle died, aged 35, on 9 March 2017, after falling from his bike during a test on the Circuit Paul Armagnac near Nogaro and breaking his neck.

Nagapattinam district

Nagapattinam district is the only district in India to be discontinuous or separated into two parts. This district is located on Tamil Nadu, India. Nagapattinam district was carved out by dividing the Thanjavur district on 1991, October 19.In 2006 the Ministry of Panchayati Raj named Nagapattinam district one of the country's 250 most backward districts (out of a total 640 Indian districts). 

Nagapattinam district is one of the six districts of 32 districts in Tamil Nadu currently receiving funds from the Backward Regions Grant Fund Programme (BRGF).According to 2011 census of India, Nagapattinam district had a population of 1,616,450 with a sex-ratio of 1,025 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. 

Bill Leak

Bill Leak (born Desmond Robert Leak; 9 January 1956 – 10 March 2017) was an Australian editorial cartoonist, caricaturist and portraitist.

Leak was raised in Condobolin and Beacon Hill, Sydney. Leak studied at the Julian Ashton Art School in the 1970s. 

Leak's cartoons were first published in 1983 in "The Bulletin" and after he drew for "The Sydney Morning Herald" until 1994, when he was recruited by News Limited to contribute to "The Daily-Telegraph-Mirror" and later to "The Australian".

On 10 March 2017, Leak died in a hospital in Gosford, New South Wales following a suspected heart attack. He was 61 years old.


Thoothukudi district

Thoothukudi District, also known as Tuticorin District is a district in Tamil Nadu state in southern India. The district was formed by dividing Tirunelveli district in 1986 and Thoothukudi is the district headquarters. The district is known for pearl cultivation. There are many pearls in the seas offshore. It was formerly ruled by one of the oldest kingdoms in India, the Pandyan Dynasty with the port of Korkai through which trade with Rome happened. The archaeological site at Adichanallur holds the remains of the ancient Tamil civilisation. As of 2011, the district had a population of 1,750,176 with a sex-ratio of 1,023 females for every 1,000 males.

Thoothukudi

Thoothukudi is a port city, a Municipal Corporation and an industrial city in Thoothukudi district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The city lies in the Coromandel Coast off Bay of Bengal. Thoothukudi is the headquarters of Thoothukudi district.According to Confederation of Indian Industry, Thoothukudi has the second highest Human Development Index in Tamil Nadu next to Chennai. Tuticorin City serves as the headquarters of Tamilnad Mercantile Bank Limited. Major educational establishments in the city include Thoothukudi Government Medical College, Fisheries College and Research Institute, Marine Training Academy, V.O.C. Arts & Science College, Government Polytechnic College, and Anna University Tuticorin Campus.Tuticorin Port is one of the Fastest growing Major Ports in India. Tuticorin is an "Emerging Energy and Industrial hub of South India".

Tiruvallur

Tiruvallur is a suburb city of Chennai and Grade I municipality in Chennai in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is located on the banks of Cooum River about northwest of Chennai (Madras), the capital city of Tamil Nadu and located near Tiruvallur district.It is well known because of the Veera Raghavar temple which is one of the 108 sacred shrines of Vaishnavites. There is a pond nearby this temple, where the tank festival is held.The neighborhood is served by Tiruvallur railway station of the Chennai Suburban Railway Network. As of 2011, the town had a population of 56,074.It is one of the fast developing suburban areas in Chennai.

Namakkal district

Namakkal District is an administrative district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. The district was divided from Salem district with Namakkal town as Headquarters on 25-07-1996 and started to function independently from 01-01-1997. The district has seven taluks (subdivisions): Tiruchengode, Namakkal, Rasipuram, Velur, Sendamangalam, Komarapalayam, and Kolli Hills. It has two Revenue Divisions: Namakkal and Tiruchengode. As of 2011, Namakkal district had a population of 1,726,601 with a sex-ratio of 986 females for every 1,000 males.

Magnetic tape data storage

Magnetic Tape Storage is a way of storing digital information on a along strip of magnetic tape.
This type of storage, though outdated, is widely used as a backup storage.
magnetic tape drives are often referred to as MTD storage.

Olfactory bulb

The olfactory bulb is a part of the vertebrate forebrain. It works in olfaction, or the sense of smell.

The olfactory bulb has one source of sensory input (axons from olfactory receptor neurons, and one output (mitral cell axons). It is thought that it functions as a filter. However, the olfactory bulb also gets "top-down" information from brain areas like the amygdala, neocortex, hippocampus, locus coeruleus, and substantia nigra.

Its range of functions probably include:


Sephardi Jews

Sephardi Jews, also known as Sephardic Jews or Sephardim (, , also "Y'hudey Spharad", meaning "The Jews of Spain"), are a Jewish ethnic division. They emerged as a distinct community around 1000 AD on the Iberian Peninsula. Jews established communities throughout Spain and Portugal. Then in the late 15th century, when all Jews were expelled from Spain, they migrated and set up new communities in the countries of England, the Netherlands, North Africa, Anatolia, the Levant (Eastern Mediterranean), and the Balkan countries, as well as the Americas, where they kept their traditions and religious practices. For hundreds of years and through the 20th century, Sephardi Jews have continued to speak their Judeo-Spanish language commonly called Ladino, besides the language of their place of residence.


Shas

Shas, Hebrew: ש״ס , full name: Shomrei Sfarad, Hebrew: שומרי ספרד , meaning "(Religious) guardians of the Sephardim", is an Israeli political party.

Its ideology is left-wing conservative, Sephardic-Mizrahic Ultra-Orthodox, and Religious Zionist.

Political leader is Aryeh Deri.

Shas was founded in 1984.

Number of seats in the 24th Knesset: 9 (/).

Participating in the Fourth Netanyahu Government and the Netanyahu-Gantz Government.

Mizrahi Jews

Mizrahi Jews / "Oriental Jews" / "Mizrahim" are Jews who originally lived in the Middle East and North Africa. Sometimes the term also includes Jews of the Caucasus, and Central Asia.

The term is often used synonymously with "Sephardi Jew", though Sephardic [means or] connotes religious practice and Mizrahi connotes place of origin", according to media.

Etymology: "Mizrahi" is a Hebrew word, for "eastern".


Chermignon

Chermignon is a former municipality in the district Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Chermignon, Mollens, Montana and Randogne merged into the new municipality of Crans-Montana.

Bilawal Shah Noorani

Syed Bilawal Shah Noorani () was a mystic saint from Balochistan. Shah Noorani was the descendants of Ali Ibn Abi Talib. Noorani is considered to be a patron saint of Balochistan.

Noorani's shrine is popular in Balochistan, Pakistan after Hinglaj Mata Mandir.
His shrine is located in a narrow valley between the mountains of Khuzdar District, Balochistan

Shah Noorani's annual "Urs" (death anniversary celebration), held on the 10th Ramadan – the ninth month of the Muslim lunar calendar, brings more than half a million pilgrims from all over Pakistan.

An explosion at a Noorani's shrine in the Pakistani region of Balochistan has killed 52 people and injured more than 100 on 13 November 2016.

Wesel citadel

The Wesel citadel, German: "Zitadelle Wesel", is a citadel in the town of Wesel. It was built between 1688 and 1722. Architect was Johan de Corbin.

The Wesel citadel was the most important fort in Wesel.

Nowadays it is used for cultural purposes.


Tobias Kempe

Tobias Kempe (born June 27, 1989 in Wesel) is a German footballer. He plays as a midfielder and striker. 

Kempe has started his senior career in 2008. Since 2016 he has been playing for 1. FC Nürnberg.

His father Thomas Kempe and his brother Dennis Kempe were/are also footballers.


Hla Myint

Hla Myint ( ; 1920 – 9 March 2017) was a Burmese economist. He was known as one of the pioneers of development of welfare economics. He worked on the importance of export-orientation as the most useful "engine of growth". He was born in Bassein, Irrawaddy Division, British Burma. Myint served as Emeritus Professor of Economics, teaching development economics, at the London School of Economics from 1966 to 1985.

Myint died on 9 March 2017 in Bangkok, Thailand at the age of 97.



Keke Rosberg

Keijo Erik Rosberg (; born 6 December 1948), known as "Keke", is a Finnish former racing driver and winner of the Formula One World Championship. He was the first Finnish driver to compete regularly in the series. Rosberg grew up in Oulu and Iisalmi, Finland. He is the father of retired Formula One driver and Formula One world champion Nico Rosberg.

Denny Hulme

Denis Clive "Denny" Hulme (18 June 1936 – 4 October 1992) was a New Zealand racing driver. He was born in Motueka of the South Island. 

Hulme won the Formula One World Drivers' Championship for the Brabham team. Between his first appearance at Monaco in 1965 and his final race in the 1974 United States Grand Prix. He started 112 Grand Prix, resulting eight victories and 33 trips to the podium. He also finished third in the overall standing in 1968 and 1972.

Hulme died of a sudden heart attack while driving at the Bathurst 1000 in Bathurst, New South Wales, Australia. He was 56.

Mohamed Mijarul Quayes

Mohamed Mijarul Quayes (; 2 April 1960 – 11 March 2017) was a Bangladeshi diplomat. He served as Bangladesh's Ambassador to Brazil from 2014 until his death. He was the Bangladesh High Commissioner to the Court of St James's, United Kingdom from 2009 to 2014.

Quayes was taken to a Brasília hospital in February 2017. He later died from multiple organ failure on 11 March. He was 56.

Preto Hendrik

Simba António Castelo (born November 23, 1994, Luanda, Angola), better known by his stage name Preto Hendrik, is an African musician, of Angolan nationality, native of Luanda, member of LBA Music. began his artistic career in the year 2016, with music named "Encher a Cara", and "Fácil" with group of musicians LBA Musc in 2016.

Surface chemistry

Surface chemistry is the study of chemical reactions at surfaces and interfaces. Appreciating how molecules and atoms interact with surfaces and with each other while on surfaces is key to understanding desirable chemical reactions, such as in heterogeneous catalysis, and also those that are undesirable, such as in corrosion chemistry.

Purim

Purim, Hebrew: פורים , meaning "allotment", is a Jewish cheerful feast in memory of the liberation of the Jewish people during their stay in ancient Persia.

The origins of Purim are to be found in the Book of Esther.

It is celebrated on the 14th of Adar (in Jerusalem on the 15th of Adar).


Gif-sur-Yvette

Gif-sur-Yvette is a commune in the southwestern suburbs of Paris, France. It is from the center of Paris.

Tennis court

A tennis court is a court used to play tennis. It is a rectangle with a net across the middle. During a tennis match there can be both one player (single) or two players (double) on both half. The surface can be grass, clay or hardcourt.

The dimensions are set as the standard for lawn tennis by the International Tennis Federation and written down in the 'Rules of Tennis' document. The Tennis court is 78 feet (23.77 meters) long. Its width is 27 feet (8.23 meters) for singles matches and 36 feet (10.97 meters) for doubles matches. The service line is 21 feet (6.40 meters) from the net.

Clay Court is primarily made with stone, brick and crushed shale. The tennis ball on the clay court has the interesting feature of digging into the dirt. The clay court is the cheapest court to construct but is also is the court that requires the most maintenance. The water content should be balanced and the courts have to be rolled often to maintain flattened form. 

Grass Courts are the fastest courts. Before the open era most games were played in grass courts. Over time, the maintenance and cost have made it less popular. Grass courts are made by growing grass in hard packed soil. This can create many micro-variations in the surface type.

Carpet Courts are rollable court surfaces. They are characterized by their low bounce and fast surface compared to hard courts. Carpet courts went out of fashion in the late 20th century and have been discontinued from the world tour.

Hard Courts are by far the most popular surfaces, primarily due to the one-time investment and minimum maintenance. The courts are made up of uniform rigid material, often covered with an acrylic surface layer to offer greater consistency of bounce than other outdoor surfaces. Hard courts generally vary in speed, being slower than grass courts but faster than clay.

Vézère

The Vézère () is a river of southwestern France that flows through the Corrèze and Dordogne, in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region. It is a right tributary of the Dordogne river.

The valley of the Vézère river is known for its prehistoric cave systems, with numerous cave paintings. UNESCO collectively designated these as a World Heritage Site in 1979.

The Vézère has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Campagne in the Dordogne department.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Campagne (1968-2017)
The Vézère starts in the "Plateau de Millevaches", part of the Massif Central, in the "commune" of Meymac, Corrèze department, at an elevation of about .

It flows generally southwest through the Corrèze and Dordogne departments before flowing into the Dordogne river in Limeuil at about of altitude.
The Vézère flows through 1 region, 2 departments and 53 "communes". The main "communes" are:


The main tributaries (more than 20 km long) of the Vézère river are:



AlphaBay

AlphaBay Market was an online darknet marketplace operating on the Tor network. It was shut down by the FBI and the United States Department of Justice on July 2017. 

It started in November 2014 and officially launched on December 22, 2014. It had 14,000 new users in the first 90 days of its operation. The darknet informer website Gwern.net placed AlphaBay Market in the top tier of markets regarding the 6-month survival probability, and it has proven to be successful. In October 2015, it was recognized as the largest online darknet market according to Dan Palumbo, research director at Digital Citizens Alliance. It was relaunched by vendor who identifies himself as co-founder "DeSnake" in 2021. 

Robert James Waller

Robert James Waller (August 1, 1939 – March 10, 2017) was an American author. He was best known for "The Bridges of Madison County", a very successful book in 1993. He was also a photographer and musician.

Waller died on March 10, 2017, at his home in Fredericksburg, Texas. He was 77 and had been battling multiple myeloma.


Ángel Parra

Luis Ángel Cereceda Parra (27 June 1943 – 11 March 2017) was a Chilean singer and songwriter. He was born in Valparaíso, Chile. He traveled abroad helping to maintain the Nueva Canción tradition in Chilean expatriate communities in Europe, North America, and Australia. He was known for producing his second album, "Oratorio para el pueblo", which was about his love for Chile.

Parra died of lung cancer in Paris, France on 11 March 2017, aged 73.

Calypso music

Calypso music is an Afro-Caribbean style music. It started in the early 20th century in Trinidad and Tobago. Calypso drew upon African and French influences. It became the voice of the people. 

Trumpet, trombone, flute and clarinet are just a few of the instruments used.

Robin Bengtsson

Robin Bengtsson (born 27 April 1990 in Svenljunga, Sweden) is a Swedish singer who took part in Swedish Idol 2008. He represented Sweden in the Eurovision Song Contest 2017 in Kiev, Ukraine.

Gido Kokars

Gido Kokars (16 August 1921 – 10 March 2017) was a Latvian conductor. He was the twin brother of Imants Kokars, who was also a renowned conductor. He was born in Gulbene, Latvia. His career began in 1951. 

In 1951, he graduated from a music school in Cesis. In 1956, he conducted at the Latvian Conservatory choir conducting class. During the period from 1951 to 1958, he was the Riga Pedagogical Institute music teacher. He conducted at the Institute of the mixed choir "Daina". Later, Kokars conducted Riga radiorūpnīca (RRR) men's choir "Auseklis" folk choir "Daile", Bauska District Teachers Choir "Daina", chamber choir "Ave Sol" (was it an artist and director). Several Latvian Song and Dance Festival conductor.

Kokars died on 10 March 2017 in Riga, Latvia, aged 95.

András Kovács

András Kovács (20 June 1925 – 11 March 2017) was a Hungarian movie director and screenwriter. He directed 30 movies between 1961 and 1996.

His 1968 movie "The Lost Generation" was entered into the 6th Moscow International Film Festival. His 1978 movie "A ménesgazda" was entered into the 29th Berlin International Film Festival.

His 1981 movie "Temporary Paradise" won the Silver Prize at the 12th Moscow International Film Festival. His 1985 movie "The Red Countess" was entered into the 14th Moscow International Film Festival.

Kovács was also a member of the jury at the 5th Moscow International Film Festival in 1967 and the 1976 Cannes Film Festival.

Kovács died in Budapest, Hungary on 11 March 2017, aged 91.

Richard Wagamese

Richard Wagamese (October 14, 1955 – March 10, 2017, Ojibwe) was a Canadian author and journalist. He was best known for his 2012 novel "Indian Horse", which won the Burt Award for First Nations, Métis and Inuit Literature in 2013 and was a competing title in the 2013 edition of "Canada Reads".

Wagamese died on march 10, 2017 at the age of either 61 or 62 in Kamloops, British Columbia.

Aníbal Ruiz

Aníbal Ruiz Leites (30 December 1942 – 10 March 2017) was an Uruguayan association football coach. 

His last club charging was Universidad San Martín in Peru. His best coaching highlights were included winning the Supercopa Sudamericana with Olimpia Asunción in 1991 and leading the Paraguayan national football team to the 2006 World Cup. 

He was well known for his defensive and ordered style of coaching that led him to the South American Coach of the Year award in 2005. He is commonly known by his nickname, Maño.

On March 10, 2017, while serving as assistant manager to lead manager José Cardozo at Puebla, Ruiz collapsed on the pitch of the Luis "Pirata" Fuente Stadium in Veracruz while the team was warming up. Ruiz later died as a result of a heart attack on the way to a local hospital.


Tommy John

Tommy John is a former pitcher in Major League Baseball. His 288 career victories rank as the seventh highest total among left-handed pitchers in Major League histor.

Tony Haygarth

Anthony "Tony" Haygarth (4 February 1945 – 10 March 2017) was an English television, movie and theatre actor. He was known for his roles in "Chicken Run" and "Fakers". In 2008, he played Alfred Doolittle in the Old Vic's Production of "Pygmalion". In November 2008 he joined the cast of "Emmerdale" as Mick Naylor. 

Haygarth died from Alzheimer's disease on 10 March 2017 in Royal Tunbridge Wells, Kent, aged 72.


John Forgeham

John Henry George Forgham (14 May 1941 – 10 March 2017) was an English actor. He was best known for playing businessman Frank Laslett in the ITV series "Footballers' Wives". He was also known for his movie role as Frank in "The Italian Job". 

Forgeham died from internal bleeding and suffered from a broken collarbone after falling at his home in Worthing, East Sussex on 10 March 2017, aged 75.

Chippis

Chippis is a municipality of the district of Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.


Grimentz

Grimentz is a village and former municipality in the district of Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Grimentz, Ayer, Chandolin, Saint-Jean, Saint-Luc and Vissoie merged into the new municipality of Anniviers.

Grône

Grône is a municipality in the district Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Icogne

Icogne is a municipality in the district of Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Music School Kosta Manojlović, Zemun

The Music School Kosta Manojlovic is one of the largest schools in Serbia. It is located at 9 Nemanjina street in Zemun.

The school started its work on 1 September 1939, as a separate department of the Music School “Stanković” in Belgrade, in a three-room apartment in Svetosavska Street. In 1949 the school received the status of a regular six-year, gratuitous schools, and since 1954 bears the name of Kosta Manojlović., the famous Serbian composer, musicologist, founder and first rector of the Faculty of Music in Belgrade.

The School Day is celebrated on December 4. It is the day of birth of "Kosta Manojlovic".

Teaching classes are organized in three separate locations – the main (parent) school, in the class for visually impaired children “Veljko Ramadanović” and elementary school “Lazar Savatić”. With around a thousand students and 145 teachers and non-teaching staff, the school is one of the largest in Serbia. Today, there are seven courses established in the school: the piano, string instruments, wind instruments, solo singing, the accordion, the guitar and a course for music production and audio recording. Around 3,000 students have completed elementary education and around 650 students secondary education so far.



Sirinai Mandar

Sirinai Mandar is a book of short stories written by Nilkamal Brahma. 
There are 10 stories in the book. All the stories are written in Bodo language. It was first published in 1985. 

Artificial leather

Artificial leather is a substance used as a replacement for real leather. It is used where the properties or the look of real leather are desired, but real leather is too expensive, unsuitable, or not feasible for ethical reasons. Compared with real leather, artificial leathers are much cheaper to produce. Water resistance is another advantage of many artificial leathers. They are often used for upholstery and fashion and other purposes.

Usually, there are two components: A kind of textile, and some kind of plastic (such as PVC). Real leather is produced from the skin of animals.

Artificial leather might look like it is better for the environment, since no animals need to be killed to make it. The problem with artificial leather is different: When the item of clothing is no longer used, it is thrown away. Many plastics take a long time to decay. That way, the plastic part may get into the sea, where animals such as birds and fish eat it. The chemicals used to make artificial leather are toxic, and can lead to pollution.

Kitty Courbois

Catharina Anna Petronella Antonia (Kitty) Courbois (13 July 1937 – 11 March 2017) was a Dutch actress. In 2010 she was awarded the Medal of Merit. She was born in Nijmegen, Netherlands.

Courbois died on 11 March 2017 in Amsterdam from a cerebral hemorrhage, aged 79.


Murray Ball

Murray Hone Ball ONZM (26 January 1939 – 12 March 2017) was a New Zealand cartoonist. He became known for his "Stanley the Palaeolithic Hero" (the longest running cartoon in Punch magazine), "Bruce the Barbarian", "All the King's Comrades" (also in Punch) and the long-running "Footrot Flats" comic series. 

In 2002 Ball became an officer of the New Zealand Order of Merit (ONZM) for his services as a cartoonist.

Ball was born in Feilding, New Zealand. He studied at Parktown Boys' High School. Ball died on 12 March 2017 in Gisborne, New Zealand from complications of dementia, aged 78.


Shifa Gardi

Shifa Gardi (Kurdish:Şîfa Gerdî, Arabic:شفاء كردي)(July 1, 1986 - February 25, 2017) also known as Shifa Zikri Ibrahim, was a Kurdish journalist for the Kurdish Rudaw Media Network in Iraq. She died in a roadside bomb explosion while reporting on the Iraqi advance into Mosul. When she died, Gardi was speaking to Shiite commander Hashd al-Shaabi beside a huge hole where ISIS militants dumped the bodies of people they killed. Al-Shaabi's feet caught in a wire, which made the bomb explode. Gardi, commander al-Shaabi, and four fighters were killed. Gardi's cameraman Younis Mustafa and seven fighters were wounded.

Ranja Jamal, a Rudaw journalist who is embedded with the Iraqi army was with Gardi when she died. He said she was looking for the deep hole called "Mosul’s Valley of Death", or Al Khafsa, where ISIS threw hundreds of people. The hole is in a valley south of the Mosul near a village called Al Athba. According to the Islamic State's doctrine, Muslims who oppose the group or fighters who leave the group cannot be buried in Muslim cemeteries. Al Athba is 20 kilometers south of Mosul and five kilometers from the main Baghdad-Mosul road. Gardi had information about the valley but she was not able to find it. On her way back, she met a Popular Mobilization Forces or Al-Hashd Al-Sha'abi group, and they took her to the place.

Gardi was born a refugee in 1986 in the town of Urmia Zêwe, Iran. In 2006, she graduated from Computer Technical Institute. In 2013, she graduated from the media department at Salahaddin University. In 2006, she started her career in media and worked as a teacher. From 2007 to 2010 she worked as a journalist. Gerdi was with the Rûdaw Media Group from its beginning. At the beginning of the Mosul offensive she started a program titled “Focus Mosul”. Gerdi followed the events of the war by going to the front as a war correspondent. Gerdi once brought a rabbit back to her office, because it was malnourished. 

The President of Kurdistan, Massoud Barzani, sent his condolences. Mesud Tek, the General Secretary Socialist Party of Kurdistan in Turkey also sent condolences. Marie-Claude Bibeau, the Canadian Minister for international development, Dr. Najmaldin Karim, the governor of Kirkuk, and Falah Mustafa, head of Department of Foreign Relations of Kurdistan Regional Government all expressed their condolences.


BandNews FM

Rádio BandNews FM is a Brazilian "all news" radio network. It first started in 20 March 2005. It is owned by Grupo Bandeirantes de Comunicação.

The network started broadcasting at exactly midnight in 20 March 2005, after at 23:59, Rádio Cidade said goodbye to its listeners after 25 years and played the last top 3 songs. The first on-air journalist was Carlos Nascimento.

Currently, it serves ten cities: Brasilia, Rio de Janeiro, São Paulo, Belo Horizonte, Porto Alegre, Curitiba, Fortaleza, Vitoria, Joao Pessoa and Salvador. The first 4 cities carry the network's "de facto" flagship stations.

Campinas and Ribeirao Preto (in 106.7 FM and 96.7 FM) stopped carrying BandNews FM programming in 2014. They are now branded as Band FM.

BandNews FM is well known for its slogan "Em 20 minutos, tudo pode mudar" (In 20 minutes, everything can happen), which refers to how the news is updated every 20 minutes. This format (that allows listeners to tune in at any time of the day to get the leading stories of the moment) is inspired by 1010 WINS, America's most well-known news station.

From 6:00 to 23:00, on these news blocks, 6 minutes of them being given to each individual affiliate for providing local stories, read by a local announcer. Normally there's a local-only news programme from 9:00 to 11:00. Overnights feature live national announcers, broadcast by all affiliates.

The network also broadcasts selected Brazilian football matches, alongside Bandeirantes and CBN, two likewise-formatted radio networks.

Expelliarmus

Expelliarmus is a defense spell used in the Harry Potter book and film series. It is used to disarm your opponent and is a rather simple spell to use. Harry Potter uses it when dueling Lord Voldemort in The Goblet of Fire.

Steve Nicol

Stephen Nicol (born 11 December 1961) is a Scottish former footballer. He played as a full-back. He played for Ayr United, Liverpool, Notts County, Sheffield Wednesday, Doncaster Rovers and the Scotland national team. He was best known for his time at Liverpool. He won many honours with the Reds, including five league titles and a European Cup (1984). He now works for ESPN.

Nicol was born in Troon, South Ayrshire. He is married to Eleanor and has two children.


Rádio Trânsito

Rádio Trânsito (currently known as Rádio Trânsito Caçula de Pneus) is a radio station in São Paulo, broadcasting in 92.1 FM since 12/2/2007, specializing in providing traffic and transit news of the capital and metropolitan region to its listeners.

The program of the station consists of live traffic information throughout São Paulo metropolitan area with information on alternative routes and where to avoid, as well as music between 22:00 and 6:00 (sometimes more on holidays and weekends). The listeners can collaborate with information on the transit through SMS, social networks and through a portal of voice over the telephone. The radio also has a partnership with the traffic app Waze.

Chilcote

Chilcote is a village and civil parish in the North West Leicestershire district of Leicestershire, England. Until 1897 it was in Derbyshire. The parish had a population of 108 according to the 2001 census.

BandNews TV

BandNews TV is the first Brazilian 24-hour rolling news channel, owned by Grupo Bandeirantes. Its headquarters and newsroom are located in Sao Paulo. It was the second news channel launched in the Brazilian cable/satellite market.

BandNews TV is popular with people who may not have time to watch, or wait for, lengthy news reports. The channel broadcasts live and updated 15-minute news wheels throughout most hours of the day. In these reports there are 12 minutes of news and 3 minutes for other news-based segments, such as sports, fashion and cinema. It also broadcasts Jornal da Band Monday-Saturday nights at 8:30, right after the original broadcast on Band. BandNews is the third most watched Brazilian news channel and it was also the first Brazilian HD news network.


Since the channel's launch, every single newscast is aired directly from the newsroom, which has a circle table for anchors to speak to the camera.




Direct reduced iron

Direct reduced iron is created when iron ore is burned in a bloomery. Direct reduced iron is also called sponge iron. Direct reduction is removing the oxygen from the ore. Gas and Coal are both used to burn iron. Using Direct Reduction to costs less than using blast furnaces. Direct Reduction is used more than blast furnaces. The country that makes the most Direct reduced iron is India.

Direct reduced iron gets rust very easily. Direct reduced iron can light on fire easily. Direct reduced iron contains waste, which has to be removed before it can be turned into steel. Only a small amount of Direct reduced iron can be made at a time.

Ancient Egyptians used direct reduced iron because it was easier to work with. Direct reduced iron can be made at a lower temperature.

Direct reduced iron is not useful on its own. Before it is used, Direct reduced iron is beaten with hammers and folded many times to make Wrought Iron. The Wrought Iron is burned to make steel.

After Blenheim

"After Blenheim" is an anti-war poem written by English Romantic poet laureate Robert Southey in 1796. The poem is set at the site of the Battle of Blenheim (1704).


Kleve

Kleve (Low Rhenish: "Kleef" or "Cleves" in English) is the capital of the Kleve Rural District, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It had about 52,000 people in 2021.

It was also the capital of the Duchy of Cleves (disestablished in 1795).

Kleve lies on the south bank of the Rhine river and borders the province of Gelderland in the Netherlands.

Partly on Kleve territory lies the Klever Reichswald, an ancient forest dating from the Middle Ages.


United Torah Judaism

United Torah Judaism (Hebrew "Yahadut HaTorah HaMeuhedet", : יהדות התורה המאוחדת) (shortened "UTJ") is an Israeli political party.

Its ideology is conservative, and Ashkenazic Haredi (Ultra-Orthodox).

Political leaders are Ya'akov Litzman (Agudat Yisrael) and Moshe Gafni (Degel HaTorah).

Yahadut HaTorah was founded in 1992. It is an alliance of two parties: Agudat Yisrael (meaning "Union of Israel", belonging to the Hasidism movement) and Degel HaTorah (meaning "Banner of the Torah", belonging to the Misnagdim movement).

Number of seats in the 24th Knesset: 7 (/).

Participating in the Fourth Netanyahu Government and the Netanyahu-Gantz Government.


Sports bra

A sports bra is a bra that is used to support female breasts when doing exercise. They are sturdier than typical bras. They keep the breasts from moving as much.

RMS Empress of Ireland

The RMS "Empress of Ireland" was a Canadian ocean liner. It sank in the Saint Lawrence River after an accident with the Norwegian ship SS "Storstad" on 29 May 1914. Of the 1,477 people on the "Empress", 1,012 died.

The ship was launched in 1906. It had just begun its 96th voyage when it sank.

The "Empress of Ireland" left Quebec City for Liverpool at 4:30 pm local time.

The wreck of the "Empress of Ireland" lies in 130 feet of water. This makes it easy to access for most divers. Many artifacts from the wreck have been retrieved.

École nationale supérieure de formation de l’enseignement agricole

École nationale supérieure de formation de l’enseignement agricole is a renowned graduate agricultural school in France. It is in a campus of the Université Fédérale Toulouse Midi-Pyrénées (Southern France).
It trains teacher in Agronomy. ENSFEA also offers bachelor's degree, Master’s and PhDs.

École nationale supérieure de formation de l’enseignement agricole was founded as École nationale de formation agronomique in 1963. The new name has been implemented in 2016.

Research activities at ENSFEA relate to the following topics:


Chained to the Rhythm

"Chained to the Rhythm" is a 2017 disco and dancehall song by American singer-songwriter Katy Perry. Skip Marley, the grandson of Jamaican singer Bob Marley, raps in the song. It is taken from Perry's fifth studio album, "Witness", and is the ninth track on the album. It is about partying and being aware of things in society.

The song hit #1 in Mexico and Hungary. It also hit the top five in Australia, Canada, the United Kingdom, and many other countries. In the United States, the song entered at #4 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. On April 27, 2017, the song was certified platinum in the United States for sales and streams equal to one million copies.

For her fifth studio album, Perry said she wanted to make purposeful pop music. She had gotten depressed when Donald Trump was elected President of the United States in November 2016 and was not in the mood to "write a club banger."

The video for the song is set in a carnival-type land called Oblivia and shows Perry riding amusement park rides. It was released on February 21, 2017.

Horst Ehmke

Horst Paul August Ehmke (4 February 1927 – 12 March 2017) was a German lawyer, law professor and politician of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). He served as Federal Minister of Justice (1969), Chief of Staff at the German Chancellery and Federal Minister for Special Affairs (1969–1972) and Federal Minister for Research, Technology, and Post (1972–1974).

Ehmke died on 12 March 2017 in Bonn at the age of 90.


Probyn Inniss

Sir Probyn Ellsworth Inniss MBE (18 November 1936 – 12 March 2017) was the Governor of Saint Christopher-Nevis-Anguilla from 1975 to 1980. Following the separation of Anguilla, he served as the Governor of Saint Christopher and Nevis from 1980 to 1981.

Adib Boroumand

Adib Boroumand (or Adīb Borūmand) (; 11 June 1924 – 13 March 2017) was an Iranian poet, politician, and lawyer. He was the head of the leadership council and chairman of central council of the National Front of Iran. He is known as the national poet of Iran.

He was born on 11 June 1924 in Gaz, Borkhar County, Isfahan, Persia (present-day Iran). He received a B.A. in Judicial Law from the University of Tehran, and since then he had been lived in Tehran.

Boroumand died on 13 March 2017 in Tehran at the age of 92.

Amy Krouse Rosenthal

Amy Krouse Rosenthal (April 29, 1965 – March 13, 2017) was an American author of both adult and children's books, a short filmmaker, and former radio show host.

Rosenthal was born in Chicago, Illinois. She graduated at Tufts University. She married Jason Brian Rosenthal. They had three children.

She was best known for her memoir "Encyclopedia of an Ordinary Life", her children's picture books, and the movie project "The Beckoning of Lovely". She was a prolific writer, publishing more than 30 children's books between 2005 and her death in 2017.

She is the only author to have three children's books make the Best Children's Books for Family Literacy list in the same year. She was a contributor to Chicago's NPR affiliate WBEZ and to the TED conference.

Rosenthal died in Chicago, Illinois from ovarian cancer on March 13, 2017, aged 51.

Kasugafuji Akihiro

Kasugafuji Akihiro (February 20, 1966 – March 9, 2017) born as Shoki Iwanaga, was a sumo wrestler and coach. He was born in Oshika, Miyagi, Japan.

Akihiro was an active wrestler in professional sumo from 1981 until 1996, reaching a highest rank of "maegashira" 1. After his retirement he re-established the Kasugayama stable in 1997 and trained his own wrestlers. He left the Japan Sumo Association in 2012 after an expenses scandal, and was involved with a legal dispute in 2013 with his successor as head of Kasugayama stable which was not resolved until shortly before his death in 2017. 

Akihiro died in Oshika, Japan from suspected heart failure on March 9, 2017, aged 51.

Anna Tramontano

Anna Tramontano (14 July 1957, Naples – March 2017) was an Italian computational biologist and Chair Professor of Biochemistry at the Sapienza University of Rome. From 2011 to 2014 she was a member of the Scientific Council of the European Research Council (ERC). 

She was an Associate Editor for the journal Bioinformatics from 2005 until 2016 editing papers in the area of structural bioinformatics.

Tramontano died in March 2017 in Rome, Italy at the age of 59. Her death was announced on 10 March 2017.

Ed Whitlock

Ed Whitlock (March 6, 1931 – March 13, 2017) was an English-born Canadian long-distance runner. He is the first person over 70 years old to run a marathon in less than three hours with a time of 2:59:10 in 2003.

Whitlock was born in a suburb of London, England, and later moved to Canada. He wanted to study for an engineering career. He graduated from Royal School of Mines, Imperial College, England. 

Whitlock, who ran as a teenager and took up the sport again in his forties, first became the oldest person to run a marathon in less than 3 hours in 2000, at the age of 69, with a time of 2:52:47. 

He later extended this record, running a time of 2:58:40 at the age of 74. At 73, he set a world record in the marathon for men 70 to 74, running a 2:54:48, when he was 73, and his fastest time after turning 70. According to an article in "The New York Times", if age-graded, this time would be equivalent to a 20-year-old running 2:03:57 and which would have been the fastest marathon ever run in 2010. For an explanation of age-graded tables, see masters athletics. At the time of his death, Whitlock he was still the only person over 70 to run a marathon in less than three hours. 

At age 85, he became the oldest person to run a marathon in less than four hours at 3 hours, 56 minutes 34 seconds at the Toronto Waterfront Marathon in October, 2016.

Whitlock died of prostate cancer on March 13, 2017 in Milton, Ontario, aged 86.


Titanium (song)

"Titanium" is a song performed by French DJ David Guetta. It features vocals from Australian singer Sia. The song reached number one in the UK, the top five in Canada, and the top ten in the US, where it was certified double-Platinum for sales and shipments of over two million copies. It finished at number 24 on the "Billboard" Year-End Hot 100 of 2012. It is the first song on Guetta's album, "Nothing but the Beat".

Travis Scott

Jacques Bermon Webster II (born April 30, 1991), known by his professional name Travis Scott, is an American rapper, singer, and record producer. His stage name comes from the first name of his uncle and the real first name of Kid Cudi.

In 2012, Scott signed his first major-label deal with Epic Records. In November of the same year, Scott signed a deal with Kanye West's GOOD Music, as part of its production wing Very GOOD Beats. In April 2013, Scott signed a record deal with T.I.'s Grand Hustle imprint. Scott's first full-length project, the mixtape "Owl Pharaoh", was self-released in 2013. It was followed with a second mixtape, "Days Before Rodeo", in August 2014. His first studio album, "Rodeo" (2015), was led by the hit single "Antidote". His second album, "Birds in the Trap Sing McKnight" (2016), became his first number one album on the "Billboard" 200. The following year, Scott released a collaborative album with Quavo titled "Huncho Jack, Jack Huncho", under the group name Huncho Jack. 

In 2018, his highly anticipated "Astroworld" was released to widespread sucess by critics. It produced his first "Billboard" Hot 100 number one single "Sicko Mode". In late 2019, Scott's record label Cactus Jack Records released the compilation album "JackBoys". It became the first number one album on the "Billboard" 200 of the 2020s. As of 2020, Scott has sold over 45 million certified records in the US alone. He has been nominated for six Grammy Awards and won a "Billboard" Music Award.

On November 5, 2021, he took part in the Astroworld Festival crowd crush where 8 people were killed during his performance.





Yisrael Beiteinu

Yisrael Beiteinu, Hebrew: ישראל ביתנו , meaning "Israel Our Home", is an Israeli political party.

Its ideology is right-wing conservative, nationalist, populist, secular, and Zionist. Its focus is especially Jews originating from the former Soviet Union.

Political leader is Avigdor Lieberman.

Yisrael Beiteinu was founded by Lieberman in 1999. 

Number of seats in the 24th Knesset: 7 (/).

Participating in the Fourth Netanyahu Government and the Bennett-Lapid Government.

Eisenkammer Pirna

The Eisenkammer Pirna was a place in Germany where iron was refined. It existed from 1472 to 1686.

El Mutún

El Cerro Mutún is a place where iron is mined in Bolivia. It contains about 40 billion tons of iron ore. This is about 5% of the world’s iron ore.

PlayStation Eye

The PlayStation Eye is a camera created by Sony Interactive Entertainment. The PlayStation Move uses the Playstation Eye to track movements.

Meretz

Meretz, Hebrew: מרצ , meaning "Vigour", is an Israeli political party.

Its ideology is left-wing social democratic, green, secular, and Zionist. 

Political leader is Nitzan Horowitz

Meretz was founded in 1992 as a result of a merger of three parties: Ratz, Mapam and Shinui.

From the previous election results, in March 2020, the number of seats in the 23rd Knesset: 3 (/). In the most recent election, held on 23 March 2021 for the 24th Knesset, the party obtained six seats, pending the final count outcome of surplus vote sharing with the Labor party.

Participating in the Bennett-Lapid Government.

Civil Marriage Act

The Civil Marriage Act (full title: "An Act respecting certain aspects of legal capacity for marriage for civil purposes") was legislation legalizing same-sex marriage across Canada. At the time the bill became law, same-sex marriage had already been legalized by court decisions in all Canadian provinces except Alberta and Prince Edward Island, as well as in the territories of Nunavut and the Northwest Territories.

Richard, 6th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg

Richard, 6th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg (Richard Casimir Karl August Robert Konstantin; 29 October 1934 in Giessen, Germany – 13 March 2017 in Berleburg) was the head of the House of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg and husband of Princess Benedikte of Denmark.

In July 2003, he underwent surgery for treatment of prostate cancer. He had undergone treatment for skin cancer.

Prince Richard died on the evening of March 13th, 2017 at castle of Berleburg in Germany from a suspected heart attack. Prince Richard's death was sudden. He was 82.

Kika de la Garza

Eligio “Kika” de la Garza, II (September 22, 1927March 13, 2017) was an American politician. He served as the Democratic representative for the 15th congressional district of Texas from January 3, 1965, to January 3, 1997. 

De la Garza died on March 13, 2017 in McAllen, Texas from kidney failure, aged 89.

Prunus virginiana

Chokecherries ("Prunus virginiana"), also known as the bitter-berry, Virginia bird cherry, and western chokecherry, are shrubs or small trees that are native to The United States, Canada, and some parts of Mexico. They grow to be around 4.9 m (16 ft 1 in).

Chokecherry classifies as a suckering shrub or a tree. They grow quite tall, around 1 – 6 meters.

Their leaves are oval with coarse, sharp edges. The flowers grow about 38.1–76.2 cm (15–30 in) long in late spring (well after chokecherry leaves appear).

The fruits are about 1 cm (3⁄8 in) across. They range in color from bright red to black. They have a very astringent taste, both somewhat sour and somewhat bitter. The fruits are sweetest when they are very ripe "berries" (actually drupes). These are dark in color.

Chokecherries are very high in antioxidants, sharing this trait with chokeberries. This does contribute to confusion between the two. The wild chokeberry is often considered a weed, since it hosts the tent caterpillar. This caterpillar eats tree leaves, robbing trees of energy and heightening the chance that they die. Often people enjoy the cultivars of the plant, such as "Canada Red" and "Schubert". Both have purple leaves when mature and "Goertz", another cultivar, has a palatable taste in it's fruit. The chokecherry is closely related to the well-known black cherry of eastern North America. The name "chokecherry" is also used for the related Manchurian cherry, or Amur chokeberry.

For many Native American tribes, chokecherries are very important and are part of pemmican, an Indian staple food. The bark of the root is used to ward off or treat colds, fevers and stomach maladies by Indians. It's also used in a ceremonial smoking mix known as kinnikinnick. The chokecherry fruit can be eaten when fully ripe, but if not, the fruit contains a toxin. It can also be used to make jam or syrup, with the use of sugar. The Plains Indians pound up the whole fruit in a mortar, from which they make cakes.

The stone of the fruit is poisonous. Chokecherry is toxic to most animals with segmented stomachs, especially after the leaves have wilted. This action produces cyanide, which is very toxic to most living things. It also makes the plant sweet, making farmer's lives harder by keeping their cows away from it. However, birds and game animals eat the berries when they're ripe. It's also used to craft wine in the Western United States.

The plant hosts many types of moths and butterflies.

Symsyn

Symsyn is a simple syntax programming language and real time multitasking runtime environment.

Named for its SIMple SYNtax, Symsyn is based on Free Pascal, which is based on Pascal, developed by Niklaus Wirth and named in honor of the French mathematician, philosopher and physicist Blaise Pascal.

Symsyn has a simple syntax and short learning curve. It provides access to functionality found in more sophisticated languages, such as the free version of the Pascal programming language, Free Pascal. The language's primitives, or basics, are Pascal procedures which, in some cases, access the Free Pascal Run Time Library.

These primitives provide the normal testing, arithmetic, move, and string handling capabilities as well as the following additions:

It is extensible, in that it can be extended. Algorithms can be added to the collection of primitives. Many programs can be written in SymSyn. Like most programming languages, SymSyn can say hello to the world.


Jack H. Harris

Jack Henry Harris (November 28, 1918 – March 14, 2017) was an American movie producer. He produced many blockbuster Hollywood movies including "The Blob" (1958), "4D Man" (1959), and "Equinox" (1970).

Harris died March 14, 2017, at his home in Beverly Hills, California from complications of pneumonia, aged 98.

Peter M. Gruber

Peter Manfred Gruber (28 August 1941 – 7 March 2017) was an Austrian mathematician. He worked in geometric number theory as well as in convex and discrete geometry. He was born in Klagenfurt, Austria.

From 1971, he was Professor at the University of Linz, and from 1976, at the TU Wien. He is a member of the Austrian Academy of Sciences, a foreign member of the Russian Academy of Sciences, and a corresponding member of the Bavarian Academy of Sciences and Humanities.

Gruber died on 7 March 2017 in Vienna, Austria, aged 75.



Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges

Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges is a commune in southwestern France, part of the department of Haute-Garonne in the Occitanie region.

In 72 B.C. the Roman General Pompey, while on the way back to Rome after a military campaign in Spain, founded a Roman colony there named "Lugdunum Convenarum".

In 1083, the knight Bertrand de l'Isle-Jourdain was named as Bishop of Comminges. He ordered the construction of the cathedral and of the Romanesque cloister. The place became used by pilgrims as a stage on the route to Santiago de Compostela.

Bertrand de l'Isle was canonised and became known as Saint-Bertrand in the 13th century and Lugdunum Convenarum became known as "Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges".

Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges is on the foothills of the Pyrenees in the Comminges region at to the southwest of Saint-Gaudens. It is on the border with the Hautes-Pyrénées department.

The "commune" has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges is the southwestern end of Haute-Garonne department and borders 8 other "communes", six of them in the Hautes-Pyrénées department.

The Garonne river flows through the northeastern border of the "commune"; several of its tributaries, all small streams, flow through the "commune".

The climate of Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges are known, in French, as "Commingeois" (women: "Commingeoises").

Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges has a population, in 2014, of 243, for a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges

Saint-Bertrand-de-Comminges is part of the "arrondissement" of Saint-Gaudens, the Bagnères-de-Luchon canton and of the intercommunality "Les Pyrénées Haut-Garonnaises" ().



Some important buildings and places are:



Lens, Switzerland

Lens is a municipality of the district of Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

Crans-sur-Sierre, Flanthey, Chelin, Vaas, Les Condémines, Saint-Clément and Valençon.


Wrexham

Wrexham () is the largest city in north Wales. It is an administrative, commercial, retail and educational centre. 

Wrexham is between the Welsh mountains and the lower Dee Valley along the border with England. Historically part of Denbighshire, the then town became part of Clwyd in 1974. Since 1996 it has been the centre of the Wrexham County Borough.

At the 2011 Census, Wrexham had a population of 61,603, the fourth largest urban area in Wales. It became a city in September 2022.

The city has a professional football club, Wrexham AFC, who currently compete in the English football league system. The club gained major international publicity when it was purchased in 2021 by American actor Rob McElhenney and Canadian–American actor Ryan Reynolds. The pair's ownership of the team is the subject of the documentary TV programme "Welcome to Wrexham".

It has two train stations, these are Wrexham General and Wrexham Central.

Ferrosilicon

Ferrosilicon is a combination of iron and silicon. Between 15% and 90% of ferrosilicon is silicon. Ferrosilicon is made by burning sand while there’s iron in the sand. Ferrosilicons that contain the most silicon are made in electric arc furnaces.

Perryite is a rock that is a combination of iron and silicon.

When ferrosilicon is touching water, it may slowly make hydrogen. Ferrosilicon is used by the military to quickly produce hydrogen for balloons. The chemical reaction uses sodium hydroxide, ferrosilicon, and water. The generator is small enough to fit in a truck and needs only a small amount of electric power. The materials are stable and not combustible, and they do not make hydrogen until mixed.

Ferrosilicon is used to get oxygen out of steel. Magnesium is made by combining ferrosilicon with dolomite.

Ferrosilicon is used to make hydrogen in the military.

Zionist Union

The Zionist Union, Hebrew: המחנה הציוני‎‎ - "HaMahaneh HaTziyoni", literally meaning "The Zionist Camp", was an Israeli political cooperation. Its ideology is left-wing centrist, and Zionist.

The Zionist Union was formed in 2014 as a cooperation of HaAvoda (Israeli Labor Party), HaTnu'a ("The Movement"), and HaTnu'a HaYeruqa ("The Green Movement") in an effort to prevent Likud continuing its governing position after the Knesset elections of 2015.
Because its attempt was unsuccessful, party head Yitzhak Herzog became leader of the opposition. When Herzog left the Knesset in June 2018 to become head of the Jewish Agency for Israel, he was replaced by Tzipi Livni.

There were two political leaders. The party head was Avi Gabbay (HaAvoda). As Gabbay was not a Knesset member, Tzipi Livni (HaTnu'a) leaded this faction in the Knesset.

Number of seats in the 20th Knesset: 24 (HaAvoda: 19, HaTnu'a: 4, HaTnu'a HaYeruqa 1).

The Zionist Union was dissolved in 2019.

Ralf Krewinkel

Ralf Karel Hubert Krewinkel (born 12 November 1974 in Kerkrade) is a Dutch politician.

Krewinkel is a member of the Labour Party. He has started his political career as a councillor (1998-2006) and an alderman (2006-2011) of his home town.

In 2011 he became mayor of Beek, followed by Heerlen in 2015. He quit in 2019.

Both Kerkrade, Beek and Heerlen are in the south of the province of Limburg.


Bimmen

Bimmen is a hamlet in the German municipality of Kleve, North Rhine-Westphalia.

Bimmen is low-lying. It borders on the Netherlands in the west and on the Rhine River in the north.

About 170 people are living there.

The Klever Straße is connecting Bimmen with neighbouring Dutch village of Millingen aan de Rijn.


Alice Teodorescu

Alexandra "Alice" Teodorescu (born 2 May 1984) is a Swedish jurist with the Företagarna organisation of Swedish entrepreneurs and a commentator on social and political issues.

Teodorescu was born in Bucharest, Romania, but came to Sweden as a child in 1989 and was raised in Lund.

She did attended the Sture Academy, a training programme for young people owned and run by the company Timbro and named after Sture Eskilsson.

Dolly Style

Dolly Style is a Swedish pop group. The group was created by Emma Nors and Palle Hammarlund. It features three girls, all born in 1996, that call themselves Molly, Holly and Polly. The trio claims to originate from a "dollhouse in Dollyville". The group gets its inspiration from 1960s fashion and victorian style. The group has participated in the Melodifestivalen three times, in 2015, 2016 and 2019.

Kristina Winberg

Kristina Eva Martina Winberg (born 27 May 1965) is a Swedish politician and Member of the European Parliament (MEP) from Sweden. She is a member of the Sweden Democrats, part of the Europe for Freedom and Democracy. On 25 May 2014, Winberg was elected to the European Parliament during the 2014 European Parliament election in Sweden.

Iris Mittenaere

Iris Mittenaere (born 25 January 1993) is a French runway model and the winner of the beauty pageant Miss Universe 2016 on 30 January 2017 in Manila, Philippines.

Mittenaere was born on 25 January 1993 in Lille, to Yves Mittenaere, a professor of history and geography, and Laurence Druart, a schoolteacher and lecturer. She has a brother, sister, and half-sister. Her parents separated when she was three years old.

Mittenaere attended school in Steenvoorde, where she lived with her mother. In 2011, she graduated "lycée" with a degree in science. After graduating, she moved back to Lille, where she attended Lille 2 University of Health and Law, studying dentistry. She plans on becoming a dental surgeon after graduating.

After winning the Miss Flandre title in Bailleul, Mittenaere entered the Miss Nord-Pas-de-Calais 2015 pageant in Orchies, which she won. Mittenaere represented Nord-Pas-de-Calais at the Miss France 2016 pageant. On 19 December 2015, she was crowned Miss France by Miss France 2015 Camille Cerf in Lille.

She competed in Miss Universe 2016 where she succeeded Miss Universe 2015 Pia Wurtzbach of the Philippines. The last European titleholder to complete her year as Miss Universe was Miss Universe 1990 Mona Grudt of Norway.

Mittenaere is in a relationship with fellow dentistry student Matthieu Declercq.

Joint List

The Joint List (, "al-Qa'imah al-Mushtarakah", , "HaReshima HaMeshutefet") was an Israeli political cooperation of four, mainly Arab parties, established in 2015.

Its ideology depended on its members' ideology, but its common objective were the interests of the Arab Israelis.

Its political leader was Ayman Odeh (Hadash).

The group was founded in 2015 as a cooperation of Hadash (communist), Balad (social democratic, secular), Ra'am (Islamist), and Ta'al (right-wing centrist, secular). Especially the last three parties are fully Arab and anti-Zionist.

The Joint List was established to prevent the Arab parties from disappearing from the Knesset due to the raise of the election threshold (the minimum percentage of votes for a party to get one parliamentary seat), and also to support the Zionist Union in its effort to replace the third Netanyahu government.

The number of seats won by the Joint List in the 24th Knesset: 6 (Hadash: 3, Ta'al: 2, Balad: 1).

With Balad wanting to leave the coalition, it was later dissolved in 2022.

Josh Dun

Joshua William Dun (born June 18, 1988) is an American musician. He is best known as half of Twenty One Pilots, alongside Tyler Joseph.

Monotonic function

In algebra, a montonic function is any function whose gradient never changes sign. In simple words, it is a function which is either always increasing or decreasing. For example, "sin x=f(x)" isn't a monotonous function or simply, non monotonous function. That is to say there are no turning points but there may be stationary points where the gradient is momentarily zero. The derivative function of a monotonic function which describes its gradient will never change sign. 

Destroyer

A destroyer is a fast, small, and maneuverable warship. Destroyers escort larger warships. Destroyers were first used in the late 1800s to defend against torpedo boats. Destroyers were used extensively during World War I and World War II. Today, most naval warships are destroyers. Only three nations use cruisers. Modern destroyers use cruise missiles, automated turrets, and torpedos. Some can launch nuclear missiles. Modern destroyers usually support carrier groups and amphibious landings.

Sok An

Sok An (; April 16, 1950 – March 15, 2017) was a Cambodian politician. He was Deputy Prime Minister and Minister for the Office of the Council of Ministers from 2004 to his death, and started serving in the Cabinet in 1993. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for Takéo and a member of the central committee of the Cambodian People's Party.

An was born in Kirivong, Takéo, Cambodia. He studied at University of Phnom Penh. He was married to Theng Ay Annie at the time of his death. They had five children.

An died at a hospital in Beijing on March 15, 2017 from a short illness at the age of 66. An suffered from diabetes and had been seeking medical treatment in Beijing since December 2016.

Enrique Morea

Enrique Jorge Morea (11 April 1924 – 15 March 2017) was an Argentine tennis player. He was born in Buenos Aires.

Morea won the mixed doubles title of the 1950 French Championships. He also won two Gold medals at the inaugural men's tennis competition at the 1951 Pan American Games. Lance Tingay of The Daily Telegraph ranked Morea as World No. 10 in 1953 and 1954. 

Until his death, Morea was the honorary president of the Asociación Argentina de Tenis (AAT).

Morea died in Buenos Aires from natural causes on 15 March 2017, aged 92.

Richard H. Solomon

Richard Harvey Solomon (June 19, 1937 – March 13, 2017) was an American diplomat. He served as the United States Assistant Secretary of State for East Asian and Pacific Affairs from 1989 to 1992, after which he was Ambassador to the Philippines.

In September 1993, he became president of the United States Institute of Peace, a position he held until September 2012. He later joined the RAND Corporation as a Senior Fellow.

Solomon was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He studied at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Solomon died on March 13, 2017 in Bethesda, Maryland from brain cancer, aged 79.


Henri Cueco

Henri Cueco (19 October 1929 – 13 March 2017) was a French painter, essayist, novelist and radio personality. 

His work was exhibited internationally. He was the author of several books, including collections of essays and novels. He was also a contributor to France Culture. 

He was a communist-turned-libertarian, he was a co-founder of Coopérative des Malassis, an anti-consumerist artists collective. He was best-known for "The Red Men", a series of figurative paintings depicting aspects of the Cold War like the May 1968 events, the Vietnam War and Red Scare, and his 150 still lifes, or "portraits," of potatoes.

Cueco died of Alzheimer's disease on 13 March 2017 in Paris, aged 87.

John Van de Kamp

John Van de Kamp (February 7, 1936 – March 14, 2017) was an American politician. He served as Los Angeles County District Attorney from 1975 until 1981, and then as the 28th Attorney General of California from 1983 until 1991.

Van de Kamp died at his Pasadena home on March 14, 2017 from a short-illness, aged 81.


Rodrigo Valdéz

Rodrigo Valdez (December 22, 1946 – March 14, 2017) was a boxer from Colombia who was a World Middleweight Champion and Undisputed World Middleweight Champion whose rivalry with Carlos Monzón has long been considered among the most legendary boxing rivalries. 

Valdez was trained by International Boxing Hall of Fame coach Gil Clancy. Many people consider him, Antonio Cervantes and Miguel "Happy" Lora to be the three greatest boxers ever to come from that country. He is 29th on Ring Magazine's list of 100 greatest punchers of all time.

Valdéz died on March 14, 2017 in Cartagena, Colombia from a heart attack, aged 70.

Jim McAnearney

James "Jim" McAnearney (20 March 1935 – 14 March 2017) was a Scottish football player and manager.

McAnearney played for Sheffield Wednesday, Plymouth Argyle, Watford and Bradford City, who he also briefly managed in 1968 with Tom Hallett. 

He later managed Rotherham United, Frickley Athletic, Scarborough and Hallam, and worked as a coach at Sheffield Wednesday (where he was also caretaker manager) and Leeds United. In later life he established and ran a tool/engineering business.

McAnearney died on 14 March 2017, at the age of 81.

Royal Robbins

Royal Robbins (February 3, 1935 – March 14, 2017) was one of the pioneers of American rock climbing.

After learning to climb at Tahquitz he went on to make first ascents of many big wall routes in Yosemite. As an early proponent of boltless, pitonless clean climbing, he, along with Yvon Chouinard, was instrumental in changing the climbing culture of the late 1960s and early 1970s by encouraging the use and preservation of the natural features of the rock.

He went on to become a well-known kayaker.

Robbins died on March 14, 2017 in Modesto, California from a long-illness, aged 82.


The Intouchables

The Intouchables ( , UK: Untouchable) is a 2011 French buddy comedy-drama movie directed by Olivier Nakache & Éric Toledano. It stars François Cluzet and Omar Sy. 

The movie is about a quadriplegic Philippe (François Cluzet) and his caretaker and later best friend Driss (Omar Sy) going on adventures throughout Paris while Philippe is going through challenges of being quadriplegic.

Nine weeks after its release in France on 2 November 2011, it became the second biggest box office hit in France, just behind the 2008 movie "Welcome to the Sticks". 

The movie was voted the cultural event of 2011 in France with 52% of votes in a poll by Fnac. The movie has received several award nominations. In France, the movie won César Award for Best Actor for Omar Sy, and seven nomination for César Awards include the César Award for Best Film But losing to the Academy Award for Best Picture winner "The Artist".

In 2019, an English-remake titled "The Upside" (2019) was released with Bryan Cranston and Kevin Hart.

Marcelino dos Santos

Marcelino dos Santos (20 May 1929 – 11 February 2020) was a Mozambican poet, revolutionary, and statesman. He was born in Lumbo.

He was a founding member of the "Frente de Libertação de Moçambique" (FRELIMO—Mozambican Liberation Front), in 1962, and served as the party's deputy president from 1969 to 1977. He was Minister of Economic Development in the late 1970s, Frelimo Political Bureau member in charge of the economy in the early 1980s.

He also was Chairman of the country's parliament, the Assembly of the Republic, from 1987 to 1994, and, as of 1999, remains a member of the Frelimo Central Committee.

Santos died on 11 February 2020 at the age of 90.


Doina Cornea

Doina Cornea (; 30 May 1929 – 3 May 2018) was a Romanian human rights activist and French language professor. She was notable as a dissident during the communist regime of Nicolae Ceaușescu.

Cornea illegally sent the first letter to Radio Free Europe in 1982. It was the first in a series of texts and protests against the Nicolae Ceaușescu regime. She saw the crisis not just an economic one, but also a spiritual crisis.She said that the Romanian people "a people fed solely on slogans", who value more material values rather than spiritual values, which she defined as the ones which "generated intelligence, ethics, culture, liberty and responsibility".

In August 1987, she addressed an open letter to Nicolae Ceaușescu, in which she advocated reform in the higher education: greater academic freedom.

She argued for freedom of expression, freedom of the press, freedom of assembly and freedom of travel; on the economic side, her letter (which may have been drafted by other collaborators) argued for closing down loss-making factories, re-tooling factories for being able to compete with foreign companies, hiring foreign managers and recreation of private land ownership, as well as the stopping of the Systematization programme.

Cornea was put on house arrest by the Securitate (Romanian government officials). Following a documentary shown on Belgian television, an international campaign for her release began. Resolutions arguing for her release were passed by the European Parliament and the International Confederation of Free Trade Unions.

She was released 21 December 1989 (during the Romanian Revolution, on the day before the Ceaușescu regime fell);

Cornea born in Brașov, Romania. Cornea began studying French and Italian at Cluj University in 1948. In 1980, she published her first "samizdat" book, "Încercarea Labirintului".


Alfred Moisiu

Alfred Spiro Moisiu (; born 1 December 1929) is an Albanian politician. He was the fourth President of the Republic of Albania from 2002–2007. He is the eldest son of famed Albanian Army general Spiro Moisiu.



Selim Hoss

Selim Ahmed Hoss (spelled "Salim Al-Hoss" on his website, Arabic: سليم أحمد الحص; born 20 December 1929) is a veteran Lebanese politician. He was a Prime Minister of Lebanon and a longtime Member of Parliament representing his hometown, Beirut.

Lee Hyun-jae

Lee Hyun Jae (born December 20, 1929) is a former South Korean politician. 

He served from March to December 1988 as the twentieth prime minister of South Korea. 

Lee is the chairman of the Ho-Am Prize Committee and an advisor of the Korean Association for Cultural Economics as of 2017.

Milan Panić

Milan Panić (, ; born 20 December 1929) is a Serbian-American former Prime Minister of Yugoslavia, humanitarian, and multimillionaire businessman based in Newport Beach and Pasadena, California. He served as Prime Minister of the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia from 1992 to 1993. During and after his time as Prime Minister, he campaigned for peace and democracy in the Balkan region.

He ran for President of Serbia in 1992, ultimately coming in second to Slobodan Milošević.

Efraín Goldenberg

Efraín Goldenberg Schreiber, or "Efraím," (born 28 December 1929) is a retired-Peruvian politician. He served as Peru's finance minister, foreign relations minister, and Prime Minister in the 1990s.

On February 17, 1994, he was sworn in as Prime Minister of Peru by then President Alberto Fujimori, a position that he held until 1995.

Goldenberg was born on December 28, 1929, in Lima, Peru, to Jewish Romanian immigrants. He grew up in Talara. He studied at the Universidad Nacional Mayor de San Marcos.

Omar Sy

Omar Sy (born 20 January 1978) is a French actor and comedian. He is best known in France for his duo with Fred Testot, "Omar et Fred", and for his role in "The Intouchables". Internationally, he is known for his roles in "" and "Jurassic World". 

Sy received a César Award for Best Actor on 24 February 2012 for his role in "The Intouchables" and in doing so also became the first actor of African descent to win the French award.

Sy is a Muslim. His parents are both immigrants from West Africa.


Ultraviolet catastrophe

The ultraviolet catastrophe is the name given to a conflict between theory and the observation in classical physics. 

An ideal blackbody at thermal equilibrium emits radiation in all frequency ranges. It emits more energy as the frequency increases. By calculating the total amount of radiated energy, it can be shown that a blackbody would release an infinite amount of energy. This contradicted the principles of conservation of energy and showed a new model was needed for the behaviour of blackbodies. 

This happened around the end of the nineteenth century. It was one of the things that led to the invention of quantum mechanics. Theorists like Max Planck solved the problem with the quantum theory in which energy leaves the body in distinct packets called quanta rather than in continuous waves. The quantum theory accurately predicted the energy of the radiation that is observed.

Le Vigan, Gard

Le Vigan () is a commune in south central France in the region of Occitanie. It is a subprefecture of the Gard department. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of the same name.

Since the creation of the Gard department on 4 March 1790, Le Vigan has been a subprefecture of the department.

Le Vigan is at the south of the Massif Central and near the Mont Aigoual, in the valley of the Arre, a right tributary of the Hérault river. The Arre flows through the town.

Le Vigan has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Le Vigan is surrounded by the "communes" Aulas, Avèze, Saint-André-de-Majencoules, Roquedur, Saint-Bresson, Pommiers and Mandagout.

Le Vigan is part of the Cévennes National Park ().

The climate of Le Vigan, in the Köppen climate classification, is Csa - Mediterranean climate with hot summers.

The inhabitants of Le Vigan are known, in French, as "Viganais" (women: "Viganaises").

With a population of 3,933, Le Vigan has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Le Vigan

Le Vigan forms, with other 6 "communes", the urban area of Le Vigan with a population of 7,184 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Le Vigan, formed by 15 "communes" with a population of 8,996 inhabitants and an area of .

Le Vigan is a subprefecture of the Gard department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Le Vigan and the administrative centre () of the canton Le Vigan; the canton has 23,033 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Pays viganais".

Le Vigan is twinned with:



Alès

Alès () is a commune in south central France in the region of Occitanie. It is a subprefecture of the Gard department. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of the same name.

It was formerly known as "Alais".

Since the creation of the Gard department on 4 March 1790, Alès has been a subprefecture of the department.

Alès is at north-northwest of Nîmes, in a curve (meander) of the Le Gardon d'Alès river, which half surrounds it. It is at the foot of the Cévennes, near the Cévennes National Park.

Alès has an area of , and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Alès is surrounded by the "communes" Saint-Jean-du-Pin, Saint-Martin-de-Valgalgues, Saint-Privat-des-Vieux, Cendras, Saint-Christol-lès-Alès and Saint-Hilaire-de-Brethmas.

The climate of Alès, in the Köppen climate classification, is Csb - Mediterranean climate with warm summers.

The inhabitants of Alès are known, in French, as "Alésiens" (women: "Alésiennes").

With a population of 39,993, Alès has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Alès

Alès forms, with other 21 "communes", the urban area of Alès with a population of 94,622 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Alès, formed by 52 "communes" with a population of 114,137 inhabitants and an area of .

Alès is a subprefecture of the Gard department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Le Vigan and the administrative centre () of the cantons

It is part of the intercommunality "Alès Agglomération".

Alès is twinned with:



Geoffrey Wainwright

Geoffrey John Wainwright MBE (19 September 1937 – 6 March 2017) was a British archaeologist specializing in prehistory. He was the Chief Archaeologist of English Heritage from 1989 to 1999. He served as visiting professor to a number of universities. He served as President of the Prehistoric Society from 1981 to 1985 and the Society of Antiquaries of London from 2007 to 2010.

Wainwright was born in Pembrokeshire, Wales. He studied at Cardiff University and at UCL Institute of Archaeology. Wainwright died on 6 March 2017 in Pembrokeshire, Wales, aged 79.

Torgny Lindgren

Gustav Torgny Lindgren (16 June 1938 – 16 March 2017) was a Swedish writer.

Lindgren was the son of Andreas Lindgren and Helga Björk. He studied in Umeå to become a teacher and worked as a teacher until the middle of the 1970s. For several years he was active as a local politician for the Swedish Social Democratic Party. In the 1980s he converted to the Catholic faith.

Lindgren died in Stockholm on 16 March 2017 from stomach cancer, aged 78.

Lindgren began as a poet in 1965 but had to wait until 1982 for his breakthrough, with the novel "The Way of a Serpent" (Swedish: "Ormens väg på hälleberget"). Lindgren was translated into more than thirty languages and was one of Sweden's most internationally successful contemporary writers. He became a member of the Swedish Academy in 1991.


Wojciech Młynarski

Wojciech Młynarski (March 26, 1941 – March 15, 2017) was a Polish poet, singer-songwriter, and translator. He was a well-known figure on the Polish musical scene. He was most famous for his ballads and what is known as sung poetry, as well as for his collaboration with numerous vocalists and cabarets.

He wrote lyrics to more than 2,000 songs, a small fraction of which he sang himself. His songs received a total of 25 "Karolinkas", which are the main awards of the Polish Song Festival in Opole, the most important Polish song festival, occurring annually since 1963. He also composed music to some of his songs. He is considered an icon of Polish culture.

Młynarski died on March 15, 2017 in Warsaw from cancer, aged 75.


List of World Heritage Sites in Eastern Europe

The United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) has designated 77 World Heritage Sites in Western Europe. These sites are in 9 countries. There are eight sites which are shared between countries. 

The list below uses a definition of Western Europe which includes the United Kingdom and Ireland.

Dave Stallworth

David Anderson Stallworth (December 20, 1941 – March 15, 2017) was an American professional basketball player. He played in the National Basketball Association (NBA) for eight seasons and was a member of the New York Knicks' 1969–70 championship-winning team. 

Stallworth played for the Knicks from 1965 through 1972 and again in 1974. He later played for the Baltimore/Capitol Bullets from 1972 through 1974. His basketball career began in 1962 and ended in his retirement in 1974.

Stallworth was born in Dallas, Texas. He studied at Wichita State University. Stallworth died on March 15, 2017 in Wichita, Kansas from a heart attack, aged 75.


Gardon d'Alès

The Gardon d'Alès is a river in southeastern France, in the Lozère and Gard departments in the Occitanie region. It is a left tributary of the Gardon river.

The Gardon d'Alès river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

The Gardon d'Alès starts in the "commune" of Saint-Privat-de-Vallongue, Lozère department in the Cévennes National Park, at an altitude of about . From here, the river flows in general to the southeast.

The Gardon d'Alès joins the "Gardon d'Anduze" (the name of the upper Gardon or Gard river) between the "communes" Cassagnoles and Vézénobres. to the south of Alès, at an altitude of about .

The Gardon d'Alès flows through the Lozère and Gard departments, in the Occitanie region, and a total of 17 "communes", 12 in the Gard department and 5 in the Lozère department:


The main tributaries, with a length greater than 20 km, of the Gardon d'Alès are the "L'Avène", a left tributary long; and the "Le Galeizon", a right tributary long.



National parks of Ukraine

There are 49 national parks in Ukraine.

Ukraine's national parks are:























Flag of Ukraine

The official Flag of Ukraine is the flag of the European country, Ukraine. Adopted in 1991, It has two horizontal stripes, a blue one and a yellow one.

Sears

Sears, Roebuck and Company, usually called Sears, is a department store chain with about 13 stores in the United States, 12 in the mainland United States and 1 in Puerto Rico. The first store opened in 1906. It was the biggest retailer in the country until Walmart had more sales in October 1989.

Sears had to close all 140 of its stores in Canada in 2017. Its 75 stores in Mexico have been operated by Grupo Carso since 1997. 

Sears filed for bankruptcy on October 15, 2018.

On June 3, 2019, the Sears assets were purchased by Transform Holdco.

Arre (river)

The Arre is a river in southeastern France, in the Gard department in the Occitanie region. It is a right tributary of the Hérault river.

The Arre river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Le Vigan in the Gard department.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Le Vigan
The Arre starts in the "commune" of Alzon, Gard department in the Cévennes National Park between the places called "Roc de Berdu", "Boucaret" and "Case Vieille", at an altitude of about . From here, the river flows in general to the east.

The Arre joins, as a right tributary, the Hérault river in the "commune" Roquedur, near the small town of "Pont d'Hérault" ("commune" of Saint-André-de-Majencoules), at an altitude of about .

The river flows through the Gard department, in the Occitanie region, and through a total of 9 "communes": Alzon, Arre, Arrigas, Aumessas, Avèze, Bez-et-Esparon, Molières-Cavaillac, Saint-André-de-Majencoules, Le Vigan.

The only important tributary of the Arre is the "Coudoulous", a left tributary long.



Rotating bolt

Rotating bolt is a method of locking used in firearms. Johann Nicolaus von Dreyse developed the first rotating bolt firearm, the "Dreyse needle gun" in 1836. The Dreyse locked using the bolt handle rather than lugs on the bolt head like the Mauser M 98 or M16. The first rotating bolt rifle with two lugs on the bolt head was the Lebel Model 1886 rifle. The concept has been implemented on most firearms chambered for high powered cartridges since the 20th century.



Tom Lanoye

Tom Emiel Gerardine Aloïs Lanoye (born August 27, 1958 in Sint-Niklaas) is a Belgian writer, poet and columnist.

Lanoye writes novels and playwrights as well as poetry and scenarios. 

He got many awards, among them the Constantijn Huygens Prize.

Lanoye is an atheist.

50PLUS

50PLUS, the same in Dutch (shortened "50+"), is a Dutch political party. 

50PLUS was established in 2009 and aims at the interests of elder people.

Number of seats in the 2021 elections: 1 (-3).

MP Liane den Haan left 50+ on 6 May 2021. Since that time, 50+ has no longer been represented in the House of Representatives.



CU

CU or cu, may refer to:







Christian Union

The Christian Union, Dutch: "ChristenUnie" (shortened "CU"), is a Dutch political party.

The Christian Union is an orthodox Christian democratic party.

It was established in 2001 as a merger of the Reformed Political Alliance (GPV) and the Reformatory Political Federation (RPF).

Number of seats in the 2021 elections: 5 (0).



DENK

DENK (the Dutch word "denk" means "think") is a political party in the Netherlands. The official name is "Political Movement Denk" (Dutch: "Politieke Beweging Denk").

DENK aims at the interests of non-western citizens, and was established in 2015.

Number of seats in the 2021 elections: 3 (0).



Forum for Democracy

The Forum for Democracy (Dutch: "Forum voor Democratie". shortened "FVD") is a Dutch political party.

The party was formed on 22 September 2016.

The Forum for Democracy is critical of the current political situation in the Netherlands. The party is right-wing and a national-conservative party. They are strongly against the European Union. They also want more direct democracy in the Netherlands.

Political leader and co-founder of the FVD is Thierry Baudet.

In the 2021 elections, they have won 8 seats (+6) in the House of Representatives.

The FVD group in the House of Representatives split on 13 May 2021. Wybren van Haga and two others MPs left the party and formed the Group Van Haga.


GreenLeft

GreenLeft, Dutch: "GroenLinks" (shortened "GL"), is a Dutch political party.

GreenLeft is a leftist party that supports environmental protection.

It was established in 1989 as a merger of the Communist Party of the Netherlands (CPN), Evangelical People's Party (EVP), Political Party of Radicals (PPR) and Pacifist Socialist Party (PSP).

Number of seats in the 2021 elections: 8 (-6).



Labour Party (Netherlands)

The Labour Party, Dutch: "Partij van de Arbeid" (shortened "PvdA"), is a Dutch political party.

The Labour Party is a social democratic party.

It was established in 1946 from a merger of the Social Democratic Workers' Party (SDAP), the Free-thinking Democratic League (VDB), and the Christian Democratic Union (CDU).

Number of seats in the 2021 elections: 9 (0).



Party for the Animals

The Party for the Animals, Dutch: "Partij voor de Dieren" (shortened "PvdD"), is a Dutch political party.

The Party for the Animals was established in 2002 and supports animal rights and fights global warming.

Number of seats in the 2021 elections: 6 (+1).



Reformed Political Party

The Reformed Political Party, Dutch: "Staatkundig Gereformeerde Partij" (shortened "SGP"), is a Dutch political party.

The Reformed Political Party is an orthodox Calvinist party.
They are a very conservative party.

It was established in 1918.

Number of seats in the 2021 elections: 3 (0).



Socialist Party (Netherlands)

The Socialist Party, Dutch: "Socialistische Partij" (shortened "SP"), is a Dutch political party.

The Socialist Party was established in 1972 (its forerunner in 1971) and is a socialist party. They are supportive of left-wing views.

Number of seats in the 2021 elections: 9 (-5).



People's Party for Freedom and Democracy

The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy, Dutch: "Volkspartij voor Vrijheid en Democratie" (shortened "VVD"), is a Dutch political party.

The People's Party for Freedom and Democracy is a conservative liberal party. They are the largest party in the country.

It was established in 1948 from a merger of the Freedom Party (PvdV) and the Oud Committee.

Number of seats in the 2021 elections: 34 (-1).

Current political leader is Dilan Yeşilgöz-Zegerius, who was elected in 2023.



ESIEA (university)

École supérieure d'informatique, électronique, automatique (ESIEA) is a graduate engineering school in France. It is in a campus of Ivry-sur-Seine, close to the one of the "Institut Polytechnique des Sciences Avancées".

Research activities at ESIEA relate to the following topics:


Boonesborough, Kentucky

Boonesborough is an unincorporated community in Madison County, Kentucky, USA. It is in the central part of the state along the Kentucky River. It is the site of Fort Boonesborough State Park, which includes the Kentucky River Museum. The park site has been rebuilt to look like a working fort of the days when Daniel Boone lived there.

Boonesborough was founded by Boone as Boone's Station while he was working for Richard Henderson and Nathanial Hart of the Transylvania Company. Boone led a group of settlers through the mountains from Fort Watauga (present-day Elizabethton in Tennessee). He carved the Wilderness Road through the Cumberland Gap. He established Fort Boonesborough. Boone lived there from 1775 to 1779. Boonesborough was the town in the area of present-day Kentucky formally chartered by the Commonwealth of Virginia which then claimed it. It was also one of the first English-speaking communities west of the Appalachian Mountains. Boone successfully led his fellow settlers during the Siege of Boonesborough in 1778. He then moved to his son Israel's settlement at Boone's New Station near what is now Athens, Kentucky.

Pim Fortuyn List

The Pim Fortuyn List, Dutch: "Lijst Pim Fortuyn" (shortened "LPF"), was a Dutch political party.

The Pim Fortuyn List was a populist party, established by Pim Fortuyn, and also named after him, in 2002.

The LPF participated for the first time in the general elections of 2002, shortly after the murder of Fortuyn, and won 26 seats. 

Numerous quarrels within the party caused its downfall. The LPF was disestablished in 2008.

Catacomb

A catacomb is an underground tunnel that is used to hold and bury dead bodies. Many of them were made in the Roman Empire.

"The Catacombs" is the eighth movement from Pictures at an Exhibition by Modest Mussorgsky. It describes of loud and soft sounds of echoes in catacombs.


Boulos Yazigi

Boulos Yazigi or Paul Rami Yagizi (Arabic: بولس يازجي ) is a bishop or metropolitan of the Greek Orthodox Church. He has been missing since 2013, when he was kidnapped with archbishop Yohanna Ibrahim of the Syriac Orthodox Church.

Yazigi was born in 1959 in Lattakya, Syria. He studied for a civil engineering degree at the University of Tishreen in Latakia, Syria. He studied theology at the University of Thessaloniki in Greece and received a master's degree in 1989 and a PhD in 1992. The title of his thesis was "Eschatology & Ethics: The Eschatological Foundations of the Life in Christ According to St. John Chrysostom." He also studied Byzantine music and iconography in Greece and Mount Athos.

Yazigi's brother is Greek Orthodox Patriarch John X Yazigi.

In 1992, Yazigi became a religion instructor at Saint John of Damascus Institute of Theology at the University of Balamand in Lebanon. He was dean of the institute from 1994 to 2001. At the same time, he was appointed abbot of Balamand Monastery in the Koura District in northern Lebanon.

Yazigi was ordained a priest in 1992 and became bishop of Aleppo in 2000. He wrote 11 books and 7 articles on religious subjects, including translations of English and Greek works into Arabic.

Yazigi disappeared on April 22, 2013 in Syria after he was kidnapped along with archbishop Yohanna Ibrahim of the Syriac Orthodox Church. The two men worked in Aleppo. Their driver was shot and killed in the attack. The two men were kidnapped in the village of Kfar Dael by "a terrorist group" on the road to Aleppo from the rebel-held border with Turkey at Bab al Hawa. Ibrahim went to get Yazigi because he was familiar with the border crossing and the route. The name of the driver killed was Fathallah Kabud. Bishop Ibrahim went to the border to receive two priests who had been kidnapped: Armenian Catholic Michel Kayal and Greek Orthodox Isaac Moawad. Money was paid for the priests on April 19, but Ibrahim did not receive the priests that day, and they asked him to return. Ibrahim was experienced with negotiating kidnapping releases. In the year before his kidnapping, he participated in 20 successful hostage exchanges. 

Herman Philipse

Herman Philipse (born May 13, 1951 in The Hague) is a Dutch philosopher, specialized in epistemology.

Philipse studied law and philosophy at Leiden University. 

From 1986 to 2003 he was a philosophy professor at Leiden University. Since 2003 he has been a philosophy professor at Utrecht University.

Philipse is an atheist.

He has published on philosophy and atheism.


Aranjanam

An Aranjanam is a thin belt or tie worn around the waist by many South Asian people. It is usually made of gold or black cotton and gold. It is given to baby boys on the 28th day after the baby is born. The tradition is common in south India for people of any religion. The parents believe it keeps away evil (bad) spirits. Many South Asian adults wear an Aranjanam. They wear it under their clothes. They usually keep it on all the time, even when nude.

Spirit (disambiguation)

Spirit is the part of a being that is not the body. It might also refer to:


Morton Deutsch

Morton Deutsch (February 4, 1920 – March 13, 2017), was an American social psychologist and researcher in conflict resolution.

Deutsch was one of the founding fathers of the field of conflict resolution. His survey "Review of General Psychology", published in 2002, ranked Deutsch as the 63rd most cited psychologist of the 20th century.

Hugh Hardy

Hugh Hardy (July 26, 1932 – March 17, 2017) was an American architect. He was known for designing theaters, performing arts venues, public spaces, and cultural facilities across the United States.

Hugh Gelston Hardy was born on July 26, 1932, in Majorca, Spain to an American family. His family moved to Manhattan, New York in the 1940s. He went to Princeton University, where he earned a Bachelor of Architecture in 1954 and a Master of Fine Arts in Architecture in 1956.

Over the course of his career, Hardy founded three firms: Hugh Hardy & Associates in 1962, Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer in 1967, and H3 Hardy Collaboration Architecture in 2004. Hardy Holzman Pfeiffer received the Architecture Firm Award in 1981, the highest honor bestowed on a firm by American Institute of Architects for distinguished work. Hardy was also a Fellow of the American Institute of Architects. Hardy was named a member of the American Academy of Arts and Letters in 1993.

Hardy married the architect Tiziana Spadea in 1965. They had two children. He lived in New York City.

Hardy died of a cerebral hemorrhage at a hospital in New York City on March 17, 2017, aged 84.

"The New Yorker" writer Brendan Gill called him "the Stanford White of our fin de siècle". In 1995, Julie Iovine of "The New York Times" wrote, "There is scarcely a cultural icon in the city with which Mr. Hardy has not been involved."


Lawrence Montaigne

Lawrence Montaigne (February 26, 1931 – March 17, 2017) was an American actor, writer, dancer, and stuntman. As an actor, he was known for his appearances on many 1960s-era television shows such as "". He was also known for his role as Haynes in "The Great Escape".

Montaigne died on March 17, 2017, at the age of 86.


Inomjon Usmonxo‘jayev

Inomjon Buzrukovich Usmonxo‘jayev (in Cyrillic Uzbek: Иномжон Бузрукович Усмонхўжаев ; in Russian: Инамджан Бузрукович Усманходжаев "Inamdzhan Buzrukovich Usmankhodzhayev"; 21 May 1930 – 17 March 2017) served as the eleventh First Secretary of the Communist Party of the Uzbek SSR. Usmonxo‘jayev became General Secretary following the disastrous "Cotton Scandal".

Usmonxo'jayev died on 17 March 2017 in Fergana, Uzbekistan at the age of 86.


Sergei Gimayev

Sergei Nailevich Gimayev (; 1 January 1955 – 18 March 2017) was a Russian professional ice hockey player. He was born in Moscow. He played ten seasons (1976–86) in the Soviet Championship League with HC CSKA Moscow and Leningrad SKA. After the end of his career as a player, Gimayev worked as a TV sports presenter.

Gimayev died in Tula, Russia on 18 March 2017 from a heart attack, caused by thrombosis, aged 62.

Ashwin Sundar

Ashwin Sundar (27 July 1989 – 18 March 2017) was an Indian race driver. He was most active during 2005 till recent years winning several national titles in Go-Kart, Single Seater Formula Cars, Two Wheelers and Saloon cars.

He was born on 27 July 1989 at Chennai, Tamil Nadu. He was killed in a car accident in Chennai, India on 18 March 2017, aged 27.


Miloslav Vlk

Miloslav Vlk ([ˈmɪloslaf ˈvl̩k]; 17 May 1932 – 18 March 2017) was a Czech prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Prague from 1991 to 2010. He was made a cardinal in 1994.

Vlk has been sharply critical of the rise of far-right and xenophobic sentiment in Central Europe, joining Jewish protests in 2007 when right-wingers planned a march through Prague's Jewish quarter on the anniversary of Kristallnacht.

Vlk was born in the Písek District of Southern Bohemia. He died on 18 March 2017 from cancer in Prague, aged 84.

English claims to the French throne

From 1340-1800 many English and later British monarchs claimed the throne of France. The origin of the claims come from Edward III's territorial claims of France which he claimed gave him the right to be king. He tried to take the throne of France and started the Hundred Years' War.

 The first English monarch to completely rule France for majority of his reign.
Henry VI was made to be successor of French king Charles VI and on October 21st 1422 took up the position of the French king. He was said to rule the whole of France but in reality only ruled small parts of the north. Charles VII was later crowned as king of France, son of Charles VI starting a small line of disputed monarchs and the English, later British monarch claiming the throne of France for another 350 years.
Edward IV also claimed the throne of France during Henry VI's absence from the English throne and his claims happened in between Henry's so reign of the monarch may not be in perfect order for this list. The claim was of France but really monarchs only ruled Calais due to the terrible general skills of the Duke of Somerset, a close friend of Margaret of Anjou and Henry VI.
Phillip II of Spain/Phillip I of England who ruled with Mary did claim Calais and partially rule it but he is considered a co-king of the Tudor dynasty and will not be counted as a legitimate Calais ruler or English king and more of a co-king/consort.

English and Scottish claims refer to claims made after the 1603 union between the English monarch and the Scottish monarch when Scottish king James VI became English king James I uniting the kingdoms under one king. However they remained geo-politically separate until the 1707 Acts of Union which united Scotland and England (including the Principality of Wales) into one nation now named Great Britain as of 1707, later the United Kingdom in 1800, the year George III dropped his claim.

Edward Balliol

Edward Balliol (; 1283 – 1367) was a claimant to the throne of Scotland. He claimed the throne from 1314-1356, but reigned only from 1332-1336. He was the eldest son of John Balliol and thus the heir to the Scottish throne after him. However, John was deposed by Robert I and William Wallace (as guardian of Scotland).

He was chosen as king after the death of Margaret, Maid of Norway. Although he was never considered to be the true king as he was an ally with Edward Longshanks and Edward II, kings of England.

ISC Paris Business School

ISC Paris Business School is a European higher studies establishment. The school is in Paris, France. It has been established in 1962.

ISC Paris is specialist in the fields of economics, social sciences and management. The school has a partnership with ISIPCA for an MBA fragrances and cosmetics.


William Laud

William Laud (1573 - 1645) was a close advisor of Charles I of England. He was Archbishop of Canterbury from 1633. He was executed in 1645, 5 years after his initial arrest.

He was born in Reading, Berkshire and died in London.

He believed strongly in the uniformity on the church and was accused of Arminianism, favouring beliefs held or taught in church, a political party, or any other group.

Tern

Terns are seabirds in the family Laridae. They are normally found near the sea, rivers, or wetlands. 

They are slender, lightly built birds with long, forked tails, narrow wings, long bills, and short legs. Most species are pale grey above and white below, with a contrasting black cap to the head, but some have dark plumage for part of the year. 

Terns breed in noisy colonies and lay their eggs on bare ground with little or no nest material. Marsh terns make floating nests from the vegetation in their wetland habitats, and a few species build simple nests in trees, on cliffs or in crevices. 

Most species feed on fish caught by diving from flight, but the marsh terns are insect-eaters, and some large terns may take small land vertebrates. Many terns are long-distance migrants, and the Arctic tern may see more daylight in a year than any other animal.

Bernie Wrightson

Bernard Albert "Bernie" Wrightson (October 27, 1948 – March 18, 2017) was an American artist. He was known for co-creating the creature Swamp Thing, his Frankenstein illustration work, and for his other horror comics and illustrations, which feature his trademark intricate pen and brush work.

Wrightson was born in Dundalk, Maryland. He was married to comic artist Michele Wrightson from 1976 until her death in 2015. He later remarried to Liz Wrightson and lived together in Austin, Texas.

Wrightson died on March 18, 2017 at a hospital in Austin, Texas from brain cancer, aged 68.


Roger Pingeon

Roger Pingeon (; 28 August 1940 – 19 March 2017) was a professional French road bicycle racer. He raced as a professional from 1964 to 1974. In 1967, Pingeon won the Tour de France. In 1969, Pingeon won the Vuelta a España and finished second behind Eddy Merckx in the 1969 Tour de France. He was born in Hauteville-Lompnes, Ain, France.

Pingeon died in Paris, France from a heart attack on 19 March 2017, aged 76.

Ivan Grubišić

Ivan Grubišić (20 June 1936 – 19 March 2017) was a Croatian Roman Catholic priest, sociologist, and independent politician. He served as a representative in the Croatian Parliament representing the X electoral district from 22 December 2011 through 28 December 2015. 

Grubišić was born in Dicmo, Kingdom of Yugoslavia. He studied at University of Zagreb and at the University of Zadar. Grubišić died in Split, Croatia on 19 March 2017, aged 80.


André Tosel

André Tosel (15 June 1941 – 14 March 2017) was a French Marxist philosopher and academic administrator. He was the author of several books about Marxism and Marxist theorists.

Tosel taught Philosophy at the University of Franche-Comté and Pantheon-Sorbonne University until he became a full professor of Philosophy at the University of Nice Sophia Antipolis. He served as its vice president from 1992 to 1998, and as the director of its Center for the History of Ideas from 1998 to 2003. 

Tosel died in Nice, France on 14 March 2017 at the age of 75.

Jimmy Breslin

James Earle "Jimmy" Breslin (October 17, 1928 – March 19, 2017) was am American journalist and author. He wrote a column for the "New York Daily News" Sunday edition until his death in 2017. He won the Pulitzer Prize for Commentary in 1986.

Breslin authored numerous novels, and columns of his have appeared regularly in many newspapers in his hometown of New York City. He served as a regular columnist for the Long Island newspaper "Newsday" until his retirement on November 2, 2004, though he still published occasional pieces for the paper. 

Breslin wrote the novels "Can't Anybody Here Play This Game?" (1962) and "The Gang That Couldn't Shoot Straight" (1969). In 1999, he appeared as himself in the 1999 American thriller movie "Summer of Sam".

Breslin worked as an investigation journalist and helped solve crimes committed by the mafia in New York including Henry Hill and serial killer David Berkowitz. He also exposed Queens Borough president Donald Manes's corruption actions which eventually led to his suicide in 1986.

He was known for his newspaper columns which offered a sympathetic viewpoint of the working-class people of New York City.

Breslin was born in Queens, New York. He studied at Long Island University from 1948 to 1950. He left without graduating. He married Rosemary Dattalico from 1954 until her death in 1981. He later married Ronnie Eldridge from 1982 until his death in 2017. Breslin had six children.

Breslin died on March 19, 2017 at his home in Manhattan, New York from complications of pneumonia, aged 88.


Auntie Fee

Felicia Arlene O'Dell (May 7, 1957 – March 17, 2017) known popularly as Auntie Fee (pronounced as "Ain't Fee"), was an American YouTube personality and online cooking show star.

She made videos in her kitchen, mostly with her son Tavis Hunter. She created more than 50 videos on her YouTube channel, titled 'Cooking With Auntie Fee.' Auntie Fee made appearances on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", "The Steve Harvey Show" and "TMZ". She also had roles on the TV show "Real Husbands of Hollywood" and the movie "Barbershop 3".

O'Dell died from a heart attack in Los Angeles, California on March 17, 2017, aged 59.

O'Dell was born in South Los Angeles. She had ten siblings. Her father was James O'Dell, a carpenter, plumber, and electrician. She says she learned how to cook by the age of nine, while preparing some of his favorite dishes, which included gumbo, hog's head cheese, and red beans and rice. But the relationship with her father was a difficult one. When she informed him that she was pregnant, at age 15, their relationship became worse.

O'Dell attended John C. Fremont High School. She dropped out her senior year and developed a drug habit. She was then arrested for running drugs out of her home and served time in prison. One reports says she served just a "few years" in an Arkansas prison. Another source, quoting O'Dell herself, reports that she served 10 years of a 20-year prison sentence. She also said that she took the responsibility for a crime she didn't commit. After she was released from an Arkansas prison in 1992, O'Dell said she remained drug-free for the rest of her life.

O'Dell became an internet video viral sensation in July 2014. She showed her homemade cooking skills in a series of videos such as "Sink Chicken" and "How to feed Seven people with just $3.35." She was known for making food and saying that it's "for the kids." Her son, Tavis Hunter, helped her to shoot. He was also a sidekick. Auntie Fee had more than 330,000 followers on her Facebook page.

She made promotional videos for the movies "Dumb and Dumber To" and "Top Five". Auntie Fee took part in many interviews across television, such as appearing on "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", "The Steve Harvey Show" and TMZ.

She started a business of selling branded merchandise on her web site, such as dry seasoning, apparel, and other spices for cooking.

She created more than 50 videos on her YouTube channel, titled "Cooking With Auntie Fee". She also had roles on the television show "Real Husbands of Hollywood" and the movie "Barbershop 3".

O'Dell fell sick with chest pains in her home on March 14, 2017, and a 911 call was made. Her son recorded her last moments on camera. While at Harbor-UCLA Medical Center, she suffered a massive heart attack and was placed on life support. Her son, Tavis Hunter, commented on her death, telling "E! News" in 2017:

Her brother, Jude O'Dell, stated that his sister died at the hospital on March 18, 2017. She was 59 years old. Her funeral, which was live streamed on Facebook and open to the public, was held on April 1, 2017 at Paradise Baptist Church in Los Angeles.


Hasyim Muzadi

Achmad Hasyim Muzadi (August 8, 1944 – March 16, 2017) was an Indonesian Islamic scholar, and cleric. He served as the fourth Chairman of Nahdlatul Ulama, the largest Islamic organization in Indonesia, from 1999 to 2010. 

He was the founder and director of the Al-Hikam Islamic boarding school. He was the running mate of Megawati Sukarnoputri in Indonesia's 2004 presidential election, but the ticket lost the election in a runoff. 

He was a member of Indonesia's Presidential Advisory Board from 2015 until his death. He was a proponent of moderate Islam, which he defined as being neither radical nor liberal, criticizing both Islamic fundamentalism and liberal Islam.

Muzadi died of cardiac arrest on March 16, 2017 in Malang, East Java after being hospitalized for exhaustion, aged 72.


Cuban Thaw

The United States–Cuban Thaw () is a warming of Cuba–United States relations that began in December 2014, ending a 54-year break between the nations. In March 2016, Barack Obama became the first U.S. President to visit Cuba since 1928.

On December 17, 2014, U.S. President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raúl Castro announced the beginning of a process of normalizing relations between Cuba and the United States. The normalization agreement was secretly negotiated in the months before, being overseen by Pope Francis and largely hosted by the Government of Canada.

Meetings were held in Canada and in Vatican City. The agreement would see the lifting of some U.S. travel restrictions, fewer restrictions on remittances, and U.S. banks' access to the Cuban financial system.

On April 14, 2015, the Obama administration announced that Cuba would be removed from the United States State Sponsors of Terrorism list. With no congressional action to block this within the permitted time period, Cuba was officially removed from the list on May 29, 2015. This marked a further departure by the United States from the Cold War conflict and its strain on Cuba–United States relations.

On July 20, 2015, the Cuban and U.S. "interests sections" in Washington and Havana were upgraded to embassies, marking the re-establishment of diplomatic relations that had been broken in 1961.

On June 16, 2017 President Donald Trump announced that he was "canceling" the Obama administrations deals with Cuba, while also expressing that a new deal could be negotiated between the Cuban and United States governments.

Słubice

Słubice is a town in Lubusz Voivodeship, Poland. Across the Oder River from it is the town of Frankfurt (Oder) in Germany. About 18,000 people live in Słubice.

Sarah Jiménez

Sarah Jiménez Vernis (February 3, 1927 – March 13, 2017) was a Mexican artist. She known for her political graphic work in the mid 20th century, especially with the Taller de Gráfica Popular. Her works would help her earn a membership in the Salón de la Plástica Mexicana.

After her time with the Taller, her career shifted to teaching, and her work became mostly forgotten. However, there have been efforts to revive interest in it.

Jiménez was born in Piedras Negras, Coahuila in the north of Mexico. She moved to Mexico City in 1947.

In 1954, she participated in the creation of a mural at the Escuela Belisario Dominguez, with her section dealing with the dead soldier of the Mexican Revolution.

Jiménez died in Mexico City on March 13, 2017 from heart failure, aged 90.


Leticia Ramos-Shahani

Leticia Valdez Ramos-Shahani (September 30, 1929 – March 20, 2017) was a Filipino politician and writer. She served as a member of the Senate from 1987 through 1998 and the Senate President pro tempore from 1993 through 1996. She was a member of the Lakas Kampi CMD.

Ramos-Shahani was born in Lingayen, Pangasinan, Philippine Islands. She was the sister of President Fidel V. Ramos. Ramos-Shahani died at a hospital in Taguig, Philippines on March 20, 2017 from complications of colon cancer and pneumonia, aged 87. 

Gale Sayers

Gale Eugene Sayers (May 30, 1943 – September 23, 2020), nicknamed the "Kansas Comet", was an American football player. He earned fame both as a halfback and return specialist in the National Football League (NFL). 

In a brief but highly productive NFL career, Sayers spent seven seasons with the Chicago Bears from 1965 to 1971, though multiple injuries effectively limited him to five seasons of play. 

Prior to joining the Bears, he played college football for the Kansas Jayhawks football team of the University of Kansas, where he compiled 4,020 all-purpose yards over three seasons and was twice recognized as a consensus All-American. 

Sayers was born in Wichita, Kansas. He was raised in Omaha, Nebraska. He studied at the University of Kansas. 

In 2012, Sayers was diagnosed with dementia after suffering multiple concussions during his football career.

Sayers died from problems caused by dementia on September 23, 2020 in Wakarusa, Indiana at the age of 77.


Dwight Clark

Dwight Edward Clark (January 8, 1957 – June 4, 2018) was a former American football wide receiver and executive. He played for the San Francisco 49ers of the National Football League (NFL) from 1979 to 1987. 

With the 49ers, Clark played on two Super Bowl championship teams. He caught the winning touchdown pass thrown by quarterback Joe Montana in the NFC Championship Game in January 1982 against the Dallas Cowboys. Clark played college football at Clemson University before being drafted by the 49ers in the 10th round of the 1979 NFL Draft. He served as the general manager of the 49ers in 1998 and in the same capacity with the Cleveland Browns from 1998 to 2002.

Clark was born in Kinston, North Carolina. He studied at Clemson University. Clark lived in Santa Cruz, California with his wife Kelly for a long time until moving to Whitefish, Montana. 

On March 19, 2017, Clark announced that he was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis. Clark died on June 4, 2018 from the disease in Whitefish, aged 61.

Joni Sledge

Joan Elise Sledge (September 13, 1956 – March 10, 2017), better known as Joni Sledge, was an American singer–songwriter and producer. Sledge was best known as a founding member of the American family vocal group Sister Sledge. Sledge performed the song "Then Came You" with the Spinners on the television music show "The Midnight Special" in 1975.

In addition to singing, Sledge was also a songwriter and producer. She wrote and produced the song "Brother, Brother Stop" for a Sister Sledge greatest hits album in 1996. Sledge's production of their album "African Eyes" which was released in 1997 was nominated for a best–production Grammy.

Sledge was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. She studied at Temple University. She had one son Thaddeus Sledge. 

Sledge was found dead by a friend at her home on March 11, 2017 in Phoenix, Arizona at the age of 60. Her death was originally considered due to unknown circumstances as she didn't have any known illnesses, according to close family sources. On March 14, 2017, Sledge's cause of death was ruled "natural causes".

Klaib Al-Fawwaz

Klaib Saud Al-Fawwaz (15 October 1950 – 8 January 2017) was a Jordanian diplomat and senator. He served as State Minister for Cabinet Affairs from 2011 through 2012 and Secretary General of the Eslah Political Party from 2012 until his death in 2017.

Al-Fawwaz was born in Sabha, Jordan. He studied at the University of Jordan. 

Al-Fawwaz served in Jordan's diplomatic missions around the world for over 30 years. He worked at the Jordanian embassy in New Delhi from 1979 through 1983, the Permanent Mission of Jordan to the United Nations in New York from 1984 through 1988 and the embassies in Baghdad from 1991 through 1995 and Uzbekistan from 1997 through 1999. 

Al-Fawwaz also served as Jordan's Consul General to Dubai and Northern Emirates from 1999 through 2003, after which he became a senator serving from 2003 through 2005.

Al-Fawwaz died on 8 January 2017 in Amman, Jordan from a heart attack, aged 66.

Pascal Smet

Pascal Smet (born July 7, 1967 in Beveren) is a Belgian politician. He is a member of sp.a.

Smet studied law at the University of Antwerp.

He was a minister of the Brussels-Capital Region and of Flanders. He has also been an alderman of the city of Brussels since 2006.

Smet is openly gay.


Li Li-hua

Li Li-Hua (also known as Li Hua Li, Li Lihua and Teresa Li ; 17 July 1924 – 19 March 2017) was a Chinese Hong-Kong actress, better known as an actress from the Shaw Brothers Studio. 

In 1957, Li married Hong Kong actor and director Yan Jun (嚴俊). He died in 1980. 

Li Lihua was born on July 17, 1924 in Shanghai. 

Her first movie was "3 Smiles" (三笑) which was released in two parts in 1940. Her final movie was "New Dream of the Red Chamber" (新紅樓夢) in 1978 after which she retired and moved to the United States. She acted in over one hundred twenty movies during her 38 year career. In 1969 she was awarded the Golden Horse Best Actress award for "Storm over the Yangtze River" (揚子江風雲).

Li died in Hong Kong on 19 March 2017, aged 92.

Chinu Modi

Chinu Modi (Gujarati: ચિનુ મોદી), also known by his pen name, Irshad (Gujarati: ઈર્શાદ) (30 September 1939 – 19 March 2017) was a Gujarati language poet, novelist, short story writer and critic from Gujarat, India. 

He taught many institutions and established himself as a poet and author. He was a recipient of several awards including Sahitya Akademi Award, Vali Gujarati Award and Narsinh Mehta Award.

Modi died on 19 March 2017 from multiple organ failure after suffering a heart attack in Ahmedabad, India, aged 77.

Robert B. Silvers

Robert Benjamin Silvers (December 31, 1929 – March 20, 2017) was an American editor and essayist. He served as editor of "The New York Review of Books" from 1963 to 2017. Silvers was co-editor of the "Review" with Barbara Epstein for over 40 years until her death in 2006 and was the sole editor of the magazine after that until his own death.

Among other honors, he was a Chevalier of the French Légion d’honneur and a member of the French Ordre National du Mérite.

Silvers also edited or co-edited several essay anthologies, including "Writing in America" (1960); "A Middle East Reader: Selected Essays on the Middle East" (1991); "The First Anthology: Thirty Years of the New York Review" (1993); "Hidden Histories of Science" (1995); "India: A Mosaic" (2000); "Doing It: Five Performing Arts" (2001); "The Legacy of Isaiah Berlin" (2001); "Striking Terror" (2002); "The Company They Kept" (vol. 1, 2006; vol. 2, 2011); "The Consequences to Come: American Power After Bush" (2008); and "The New York Review Abroad: Fifty Years of International Reportage" (2013).

Silvers died on March 20, 2017 at his home in New York City from complications of pneumonia, aged 87.

Sybrand van Haersma Buma

Sybrand van Haersma Buma, often just called "Sybrand Buma", (born July 30, 1965 in Workum) is a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He has been mayor of Leeuwarden since August 2019.

He was a member of the Second Chamber from 2002, and also parliamentary leader from 2010 till 2019.

He studied law at the University of Groningen, and worked at the Council of State and as an assistant to the CDA parliamentary group before entering into politics.

He is a Protestant. Furthermore, he is a descendant of the patrician Frisian family of Buma and partly of Jewish descent (his maternal grandmother was Jewish).

Sybrand van Haersma Buma is the son of former mayor Bernhard van Haersma Buma (died in 2020).


Alexander Pechtold

Alexander Pechtold (born December 16, 1965) is a former Dutch politician of Democrats 66 (D66). He was party chair from 2002 to 2005, and political leader from 2006 to 2018 (succeeded by Sigrid Kaag).

He was a member of the House of Representatives and also parliamentary leader from 2006 to 2018. Previously he was a minister in the Second Balkenende cabinet, mayor of Wageningen, and an alderman of Leiden.

Pechtold studied art history and archaeology at Leiden University, and worked as an auctioneer before entering into politics. Nowadays he is leading the central office for driving certificates.

Pechtold was born in Delft and grew up in Rhoon. He is non-religious and divorced.


ARD-Infonacht

ARD-Infonacht (German for "ARD-Newsnight") is Germany's only overnight all-news radio show. It broadcasts daily from NDR Info in Hamburg between 22:00 and 6:00. It started broadcasting on 1 April 2011 on MDR. It is carried by several all-news stations: BR24, hr-Info, SWR Aktuell, Inforadio, MDR Aktuell, WDR5 and Antenne Saar.

The program's format consists of traffic and weather reports every 30 minutes and round-the-clock news from ARD worldwide correspondents.

The actual transfer time of each station is different, including:

Emile Roemer

Emile Gerardus Maria Roemer (born August 24, 1962 in Boxmeer) is a Dutch politician of the Socialist Party (SP). He was political and parliamentary leader from March 5, 2010 until December 13, 2017. His successor is Lilian Marijnissen.

He was a member of the Second Chamber from 2006 to 2018. Previously he was an alderman of Boxmeer, and a member of the party board.

He was acting mayor of Heerlen from 2018 until 2020, and acting mayor of Alkmaar from 2020 until 2021. He has been King's Commissioner of Limburg since December 1, 2021.

Roemer is a former school teacher.


Jesse Klaver

Jesse Feras Klaver (born May 1, 1986 in Roosendaal) is a Dutch politician of GreenLeft (GL). He has been political leader since 2015.

He has been a member of the Second Chamber since 2010 and parliamentary leader since 2015. Previously he was chair of CNV Youth and a member of the Social-Economic Council.

Klaver is partly of Moroccan and Indonesian descent.



Ontological argument

The ontological argument is an idea in religious philosophy. It is supposed to show that God exists.

There are different versions, but they all argue something like: because we can imagine a perfect being, there must be a god. The idea is that existing makes a good thing better than one that's only imaginary. So the perfect thing we're imagining must exist. Then we call the perfect thing God. The earliest objection was that an argument like that could prove wrong things. You could prove that a perfect island must exist, for example. But no real island is perfect.

Because it starts with imagination, not what you can see or experience, this is a kind of "a priori" reasoning. David Hume didn't like that way of thinking. He believed that knowledge had to come from experience and called everything else "nothing but sophistry and illusion".

Other versions of the argument start with the idea of the universe, and from that argue that there must be a god.

Lodewijk Asscher

Lodewijk Frans Asscher (born September 27, 1974 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA). He was political leader from December 2016 and also parliamentary leader from March 2017 until January 2021. He was succeeded by Lilianne Ploumen.

Asscher was a government minister and also deputy prime minister in the Second Rutte cabinet from 2012 to 2017. Previously he was an alderman of Amsterdam. As an alderman he was fighting sexual slavery and criminal companies.

He studied law at the University of Amsterdam (including a PhD) and is a former academic at the same university. He is partly of Jewish descent (his father is Jewish). He adheres Reform Judaism.

Lodewijk Asscher is married with three children.


André Jagendorf

André Tridon Jagendorf (October 21, 1926 – March 13, 2017) was an American plant biologist and educator. He was a Liberty Hyde Bailey Professor Emeritus in the Section of Plant Biology at Cornell University. He was known for providing direct evidence that chloroplasts synthesize adenosine triphosphate (ATP) using the chemiosmotic mechanism proposed by Peter Mitchell.

Jagendorf was born in New York City on October 21, 1926. He studied at Cornell University, at Yale University and at the University of California, Los Angeles. Jagendorf died in Ithaca, New York from a heart attack on March 13, 2017, aged 90.


Len Mitzel

Leonard Mitzel (1945 – March 19, 2017) was a Canadian politician. He was a former Member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta representing the constituency of Cypress-Medicine Hat as a Progressive Conservative serving from November 22, 2004 through April 23, 2012.

Mitzel was born in Lethbridge, Alberta in 1945. He and his wife, June Cole Mitzel, lived in Etzikom, Alberta. They had two children. Mitzel died on March 19, 2017 in Medicine Hat, Alberta from pancreatic cancer, aged 71.

Chandler Robbins

Chandler Seymour Robbins (July 17, 1918 – March 20, 2017) was an American ornithologist. He was known for his works to the field include co-authorship of an influential field guide to birds, as well as organizing the North American Breeding Bird Survey. 

Robbins was born in Belmont, Massachusetts. He was raised in Washington, D.C.. He studied at Harvard University and at George Washington University. Robbins died at his home in Laurel, Maryland on March 20, 2017 from respiratory failure, aged 98.


Gas operation (firearms)

Gas-operation is a system of operation used to provide energy to operate autoloading firearms. In gas operation, a portion of high-pressure gas from the cartridge being fired is used to power a mechanism to extract the spent case and insert a new cartridge into the chamber. Energy from the gas is harnessed through either a port in the barrel or a trap at the muzzle. This high-pressure gas impinges on a surface such as a piston head to provide motion for unlocking of the action, extraction of the spent case, ejection, cocking of the hammer or striker, chambering of a fresh cartridge, and locking of the action.

The AK-47 is the most-produced rifle using long stroke gas operation.

Used in the AR-18.

Direct impingement is a form of gas operation that does away with the piston completely. The bolt is designed in such a way so that the gas acts directly upon the bolt (hence the name) to cycle the action. Used in the AR-15.

Another form of direct impingement using a fluted chamber instead of a gas port. With this operation, the gas circumvents around the chambered cartridge through the grooves of the fluted chamber surpassing through the locking lugs to the front of the bolt carrier that operates as a gas piston unlocking the bolt to cycle the weapons operation.

Early machine guns were expensive to operate. The United States Army wanted to train machine gun crews with less-expensive ammunition. To do this, they needed the .22 LR cartridge to operate firearms designed to use the .30-06 cartridge. David Marshall Williams invented a method that involved a separate floating chamber that acted as a gas piston with combustion gas impinging directly on the front of the floating chamber. The .22 caliber Colt Service Ace conversion kit for the .45 caliber M1911 pistol also used Williams' system, which allows a much heavier slide than other conversions operating on the unaugmented blowback mechanism and makes training with the converted pistol realistic. A floating chamber provides additional force to operate the heavier slide, providing a felt recoil level similar to that of a full power cartridge.

The bolt is not locked but is pushed rearward by the expanding propellant gases as in other blowback-based designs. However, propellant gases are vented from the barrel into a cylinder with a piston that delays the opening of the bolt. It is used by Volkssturmgewehr 1-5 rifle, the Heckler & Koch P7, Steyr GB and Walther CCP pistols.


FN Herstal

Fabrique Nationale de Herstal, also called Fabrique Nationale or FN, is a Belgian company that makes firearms. The company often market themselves under the name FN Herstal. They own both the Winchester Repeating Arms Company and Browning. In 1898, the company began woking with with John Moses Browning, a well-known firearms designer. The company was founded in 1990 by Leopold II. It is based in Herstal, Liège, Belgium].

Henri Emmanuelli

Henri Emmanuelli (31 May 1945 – 21 March 2017) was a French socialist politician.

Emmanuelli was a member of the French Socialist Party. He has been deputy for Landes from 1978 to 1981, from 1986 to 1997 and from 2000 until his death in 2017. He served as President of the French National Assembly from 22 January 1992 through 1 April 1993. He later served as First Secretary of the French Socialist Party from 19 June 1994 through 14 October 1995.

Emmanuelli was a strong supporter of French president François Mitterrand during his political career despite being a Socialist.

Emmanuelli was born in Eaux-Bonnes, Pyrénées-Atlantiques. He studied at Sciences Po in Paris. He joined in 1969 the Compagnie Financière Edmond de Rothschild.

Emmanuelli died on 21 March 2017 at a medical center in Bayonne, Pyrénées-Atlantiques from complications of acute bronchitis at the age of 71.


USAS-12

The USAS-12 (Universal Sports Automatic Shotgun 12-gauge) is a fully automatic gas operated shotgun made by the South Korean-based company Daewoo.

The USAS-12 is a gas-operated, select-fire weapon which is designed to provide sustained firepower in close quarter combat scenarios. It accepts detachable 10-round box magazines or 20-round drum magazines. Both types of magazine are made of polymer, and drum magazines have their rear side made from translucent polymer to tell of the number of shot shells left. It has an effective range of 40 m.


Pancor Jackhammer

The Pancor Jackhammer is a fully automatic, rotary magazine, 12 gauge shotgun. Designed in 1984 by John Anderson, and patented in 1987. The concept of a fully automatic shotgun has not taken hold with the military, or with law enforcement, due to the difficulty of controlling such a weapon. Only three prototypes were constructed, with two of the three exploding during testing; only one survives today, in the hands of a private collector. However, the shotgun's futuristic appearance has made it popular in action movies and video games.

Amyloidosis

Amyloidosis is a rare and serious disease that could be fatal that is caused by accumulation of proteins in the form of abnormal, insoluble fibres, known as amyloid fibrils, within the tissues of the body. 

Amyloid deposits can be confined to only one part of the body or a single organ system in 'local amyloidosis' or they can be widely distributed in organs and tissues throughout the body in 'systemic amyloidosis'. The symptoms of amyloidosis are accordingly highly variable and confirmation of the presence of amyloid in the tissues can be challenging, so that diagnosis is often delayed.

There are many different types of amyloidosis, each caused by formation of amyloid fibrils from different soluble precursor proteins in different patients. About 30 different proteins are known to form amyloid fibrils in humans and amyloidosis is named and classified according to the identity of the respective fibril protein. 

Though this disease being rare, many famous people have died from this disease such as: Martin McGuinness, David Lange, Robert Jordan and Robert P. Casey.


Open bolt

A semi or fully automatic firearm is said to fire from an open bolt if, when ready to fire, the bolt and working parts are held to the rear. When the trigger is pulled the bolt goes forward, feeding a round from the magazine (or belt) into the chamber and firing it. Like any other self-loading design without an external power supply, the action is cycled by the energy of the shot; this sends the bolt back to the rear, ejecting the empty cartridge case and preparing for the next shot (or continuing forward again, if the trigger is held down and the weapon is an automatic). Generally, an open-bolt firing cycle is used for fully automatic weapons and not for semi-automatic weapons (except some semi-automatic conversions of automatic designs). Firearms using Advanced Primer Ignition blowback inherently fire from open bolt only.

Owen submachine gun

The Owen gun was an Australian 9mm submachine gun used in World War II. It was used by Australian soldiers who favoured it in jungle combat. Although used predominantly in the far east, it was considered the best submachine gun of WW2 as it was simple, rugged, had an ergonomic layout and had a compensator to increase accuracy when firing.

Leader Dynamics T2MK5

The Leader T2 MK5 Series weapons were designed to fit the 5.56×45mm NATO cartridge. They were manufactured by Leader Dynamics of Smithfield, NSW, Australia (1978-1982/1983). The Leader was designed by Charles St. George. It was originally a contender for a 5.56 mm Australian military service rifle to replace the Lithgow L1A1-F1 SLR and Colt M16A1 rifles. What was unique about this was that Australia had never designed or manufactured its own commercial gas-operated semi-automatic rifle. The rifle was abandoned when the Steyr AUG was adopted for use by the Australian military.

The T2 used a triangular bolt-face that was similar to the Winchester Model 100. This was adopted because the original bolt-face was too complex and expensive to manufacture. Barrett Firearms uses a similar design for the M82A1 and its bolt action guns. St. George worked for Barrett at around this time but was not involved in design or engineering duties.

Edith Thompson and Frederick Bywaters

Edith Jessie Thompson (25 December 1893 – 9 January 1923) and Frederick Edward Francis Bywaters (27 June 1902 – 9 January 1923) were a British couple executed for the murder of Thompson's husband Percy. Their case became a "cause célèbre".

Autoroute Info

Autoroute Info is a radio station in France serving central-eastern and Rhône-Alpes motorways, broadcasting in 107.7 MHz since 10/1991. It serves the entire APRR, AREA, ATMB, SFTRF, Adelac and some of Granoble with 2.500km of motorways. It has two studios: Dijon and Chambéry.

The station has 100 staff, with 27 permanent journalists, including 11 work on the air.

Autoroute Info is LIVE 24/7.

Every quarter-hour, a traffic round-up is broadcast, featuring latest conditions, updated continuously, with the possibility to break its programming to alert listeners about an accident, or a severe weather event.

In the rest of the schedule, Autoroute Info broadcasts some short segments related to listeners (like sports, highways, safety, tourism...) and a very unique music playlist (300 songs per day). The station also carries news flash at :15 and :45 every hour from the country's all news station France Info.

Gert-Jan Segers

Gert-Jan Maarten Segers (born 9 July 1969 in Lisse) is a Dutch writer and politician of the ChristianUnion (CU). He was political leader from 2015 to 2023.

He was a member of the Second Chamber from 2012 to 2023 and a parliamentary leader since 2015.

Segers studied political science at Leiden University. He worked as an assistant to the RPF parliamentary group and briefly as a radio journalist at the Dutch Evangelical Broadcasting (EO). Successively he was a missionary in Egypt for seven years, whereafter he obtained a masters in Western-Islam relations and the Middle East at the Johns Hopkins University. Afterwards he headed the scientific institute of the ChristianUnion.

Segers has written several novels and non-fiction books, and is also a columnist of the Dutch Protestant newspaper Nederlands Dagblad.

He is a Reformed Christian.


Fleur Agema

Marie-Fleur "Fleur" Agema (born 16 September 1976 in Purmerend) is a Dutch politician of the Party for Freedom (PVV).

She has been a member of the Second Chamber since 2006 (with an interruption in 2015).

From 2003 to 2007 she was a member of the Provincial States of North Holland for the Pim Fortuyn List (LPF) and the Agema Group.


Midas

In classical mythology, Midas is a king of Phrygia. He is supposed to have the power of changing anything he touched into gold. This is the origin of the phrase "the Midas touch".

Marianne Thieme

Marianne Louise Thieme (born March 6, 1972 in Ede) is a Dutch animal rights activist and writer, and also a former politician of the Party for the Animals (PvdD). She is co-founder of the party, and was political leader from 2002 till 2019.

She was a member of the Second Chamber and also parliamentary leader from 2006 till 2019. Previously she was party chair from 2002 to 2010.

Esther Ouwehand has succeeded her as party and parliamentary leader.

Thieme studied law at Erasmus University Rotterdam. She is a member of the Seventh-day Adventist Church and a vegan.


Holinshed's Chronicles

Holinshed's Chronicles, also known as Holinshed's Chronicles of England, Scotland, and Ireland, is a collaborative work published in several volumes and two editions, the first in 1577, and the second in 1587. It was a large, comprehensive description of British History

In 1548 Reginald Wolfe, a London printer, conceived the idea of creating a "Universal Cosmography of the whole world, and there with also certain particular histories of every known nation." He wanted the work to be printed in English and he wanted maps and illustrations in the book as well.

August Englas

August Englas (; January 15, 1925 – March 21, 2017) was an Estonian wrestler. He competed for the Soviet Union.

Englas was born in Otepää. 

In the 1952 Summer Olympics, after defeating Adil Atan, Shirang Vithoba Jadav and Max Leichter, and losing against Henry Wittenberg and Viking Palm, he took fourth place. He won the gold medal at the 1953 and 1954 World Championship.

Englas died on March 21, 2017 in Tallinn at the age of 92.

Sven-Erik Magnusson

Knut Sven-Erik Magnusson (13 October 1942 – 22 March 2017) was a Swedish singer and musician. He was known for being the lead singer of the danceband Sven-Ingvars. The band had its last tour during the summer of 2016 with their last show on 21 August in Blekinge. He was born in Slottsbron, Sweden.

Magnusson died on 22 March 2017 of prostate cancer in Karlstad, Sweden, aged 74.

Dallas Green (baseball)

George Dallas Green (August 4, 1934 – March 22, 2017) was an American pitcher, manager, and executive in Major League Baseball. 

After playing for the Philadelphia Phillies and two other teams (Washington Senators and the New York Mets), he went on to manage the Phillies, the New York Yankees, and the New York Mets. He managed the Phillies when they won their first World Series title in 1980 over the Kansas City Royals. 

Green had a losing record both as a pitcher and as a manager. Nonetheless, in 1983, he was inducted into the Delaware Sports Museum and Hall of Fame. 

Green was born in Newport, Delaware. He studied at the University of Delaware. Green died at a hospital in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania on March 22, 2017 from kidney failure and pneumonia, aged 82.


Pete Hamilton

Peter "Pete" Hamilton (July 20, 1942 – March 21, 2017) was an American NASCAR racer. He was born in Dedham, Massachusetts. He won four times in his career (including the 1970 Daytona 500), three times driving for Petty Enterprises.

Hamilton died in Boston, Massachusetts on March 21, 2017, aged 74.


Lembit Ulfsak

Lembit Ulfsak (4 July 1947 – 22 March 2017) was an Estonian stage and movie actor.

Ulfsak starred in the 2014 movie "Tangerines". He was nominated for the Best Foreign Language Film at the 87th Academy Awards. It was also among the five nominated movie at the 72nd Golden Globe Awards for best foreign language movie.

Ulfsak died on 22 March 2017 in Tallinn at the age of 69.

Morgana King

Morgana King (June 4, 1930 – March 22, 2018) was an American jazz singer and actress. Her best known role was that of Carmela Corleone in "The Godfather" (1972) and "The Godfather Part II" (1974).

King was born in Pleasantville, New York. She was raised in New York City. King died, aged 87, of non-Hodgkin lymphoma in Palm Springs, California, on March 22, 2018.


2017 Westminster attack

The 2017 Westminster attack was a terrorist attack which happened on 22 March in London, England. The attack took place on Westminster Bridge, in Parliament Square and within the grounds of the Palace of Westminster.

A Hyundai vehicle was driven into a crowd of people near the palace gates, and the attacker stabbed a police officer, who later died due to his injuries. Five people—including pedestrians on the bridge, the stabbed police officer and the attacker—were confirmed dead.

It was the first and largest major attack to occur in London since the 7 July 2005 London bombings. The motivation was suspected to be linked to Islamic terrorism.

The attacker was identified by the Metropolitan Police as 52-year-old Briton Khalid Masood. Born Adrian Russell Elms, possibly later changed to Adrian Russell Ajao.

Local media report that in 2009 he underwent 
conversion to Islam while in prison, after which he changed his name to Khalid Masood. Police said he also used several other aliases, including Khalid Choudry. Masood was born in Kent and detectives believe he was most recently living in the West Midlands. Masood was reported to have been an English teacher or tutor in Saudi Arabia sometime between 2005 and 2009. Then he returned to the United Kingdom and worked as a teacher of English as a second language in Luton.

Masood had been previously investigated by MI5, but Scotland Yard said that he was not the subject of any current investigations. There was no prior intelligence about his intent to mount a terrorist attack. He had a range of previous convictions for assaults, including grievous bodily harm, possession of offensive weapons and public order offences going back to 1983. He had not been convicted of any terrorism offences. Pictures of Masood being treated by medics were shown by some news outlets.


Lemon &amp; Paeroa

Lemon & Paeroa (L&P) is the name of a soft drink from New Zealand. It was first made in 1907 and today is owned and made by the Coca-Cola Company. The ingredients in it are lemon juice and mineral water.

Pennsylvania Station (New York City)

Pennsylvania Station (also called Penn Station) is a large train station in New York City. It is the busiest train station in the United States with over 600 thousand people using it every day, many of which are commuters travelling to and from work or school. The station is in Midtown Manhattan and is underneath Madison Square Garden, between Seventh Avenue and Eighth Avenue and between 31st Street and 34th Street.

The station was built by the Pennsylvania Railroad and is one of several stations in the U.S. with this name. Until the beginning of the 20th century, there were no trains that went directly into New York City from the west, because of the Hudson River in the way. People had to get off trains in Jersey City, New Jersey and take a ferry to cross the river and reach New York City.

This all changed when the Pennsylvania Railroad dug two tunnels under the Hudson River, and four under the East River to Queens. The tunnels and the new station in the heart of New York City were completed in 1910 at a cost of $114 million (which is about $2.7 billion today), and the first train ran in November of that year.

Over the years, more railroad companies began to use Penn Station. During World War II, over 100 million people used the station every year. But as air travel began to rise and the Interstate Highway System was created, fewer and fewer people used the train. In 1963, the station was demolished despite protests, and a new one was built in its place, with Penn Plaza and Madison Square Garden built over it. The station reopened in 1968 and continues to be used today.

Penn Station is completely underground, and all trains that run through it have to use electric power from either overhead lines or third rail because the station and the tunnels to it cannot handle exhaust from diesel fuel. There are 21 tracks that run through the station and 11 platforms. Up to 1,200 trains pass through the station every day.

The station is owned by Amtrak, which provides many trains to many cities across the U.S. They include long-distance services that go as far as Chicago, New Orleans, and Miami. From those cities, people can change for trains all the way to cities on the Pacific Coast like Seattle, Los Angeles, and San Diego. Amtrak also has high-speed trains (Acela Express) that go to Boston, Philadelphia, and Washington, D.C.

There are two commuter rail services that use Penn Station. One of them is the Long Island Rail Road operated by the Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA), which goes to many places on Long Island to the east. The other is New Jersey Transit, which runs trains into New Jersey to the west. In the future, there are plans for Metro-North to serve this station as well. These trains currently use Grand Central Terminal a few blocks away, near 42nd Street and Park Avenue.

Besides long-distance and commuter trains, the New York City Subway has a few stations that connect directly to Penn Station. These are located at 34th Street, Herald Square, and Hudson Yards. Another rapid transit system, PATH, has a station at 33rd Street where people can catch trains every few minutes to Jersey City and on to Newark. Many bus companies serve the station as well.

Fresquel

The Fresquel is a river in southern France, a left tributary of the Aude river. The river flows mainly through the French department of Aude.

The Fresquel river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Carcassonne in the Aude department.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Carcassonne
The Fresquel river starts at the northwest of the Aude department, in the "commune" of Baraigne, at an elevation of about .

It flows, first, to the west to the Haute-Garonne department and then to the north where it gets again into the Aude department near Seuil de Naurouze and then to the east. Finally, it joins the Aude river as a left tributary, at an elevation of about at Carcassonne.

The Fresquel passes through 1 region (Occitanie), 2 departments and 24 "communes"; some of the "communes" are:


The main tributaries of the Fresquel river are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:


Al D'Amato

Alfonse Marcello "Al" D'Amato (born August 1, 1937) is an American lawyer and former New York politician. He was a Republican. He served as United States Senator from New York from 1981 to 1999. He later founded a lobbying firm, Park Strategies.

Since he left office in 1999, New York has not elected another Republican to the U.S. Senate.

Henk Krol

Henricus Cornelis Maria "Henk" Krol (born 1 April 1950 in Tilburg) is a former Dutch journalist, businessman, and politician of 50PLUS (50+), the Party for the Future (PvdT), and the Henk Krol List (HKL). He was political leader of 50+ from 2012 to 2020 (succeeded by Liane den Haan). He is gay and an LGBT rights activist.

He was a member and parliamentary leader of the Second Chamber from 2012 to 2013, and from 2014 to 2021. Previously he was a member of the Provincial States of North Brabant and councillor of the municipality of Eindhoven.

Krol studied psychology at the Free University Amsterdam. He was spokesman of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD) parliamentary group from 1978 to 1985. Meanwhile, in 1979, he founded the LGBT newspaper Gay Krant, for which he also worked as a journalist.

He was also owner of the Best Publishing Group (publishing company of the Gay Krant) and online sex shop Gaytel, which went bankrupt in 2013.


Alia Bhatt

Alia Bhatt is an Indian actress who primarily appears in Bollywood films. Although she debuted as a child artist in "Sangharsh" (1999), she made her career debut as a leading actress in a romantic-comedy-drama "Student of the Year" in 2012, which won Filmfare award for Best Debut Female nomination. Subsequently, Alia further starred in and received critical acclaim for her performance in several commercially successful films including "Highway" (2014), "Gully Boy" (2019) and "Badrinath Ki Dulhania" (2017).

In addition to acting in films, Bhatt is celebrity endorser of several brands and products. She is seen performing in various stage shows and award shows and has also sung many of her songs in films as a playback singer.

Kees van der Staaij

Cornelis Gerrit "Kees" van der Staaij (born 12 September 1968 in Vlaardingen) is a Dutch politician of the Reformed Political Party (SGP). He has been political leader since 2010.

He has been a member of the Second Chamber since 1998 and parliamentary leader since 2010.

Van der Staaij studied law at Leiden University and worked at the Council of State.

He has written some books on the Christian faith and politics. He is a Reformed Christian, and a strong supporter of Biblical values.



Sara Li

Sara Li (born "Sara Linnea Larsson"; 30 March 1988 in Ystad) is a Swedish singer. Sara Li was a member of the popgroup Sheelah (originally known as Caracola) from 2009 to 2010, and she participated in Melodifestivalen in the year of 2012 along with Björn Ranelid with the song "Mirakel". They reached the final of Melodifestivalen from the semifinal which took place on 12 February 2012 in leksand, the semifinal was broadcast on Sveriges Television. In the final in Globen Arena their song placed 10th receiving the sixth highest televote result. The same year she participated in television singing show Så ska det låta, teaming up with singer Patrik Isaksson.

In October 2016 Sara Li gave birth to a baby girl called Meia.


Ronnie Moran

Ronnie Moran (28 February 1934 – 22 March 2017) was an English footballer and manager. He played for Liverpool as a left back between 1952 and 1968. He was a member of Liverpool's coaching staff and Anfield's "Boot Room". He later managed the club as a caretaker during the early 1990s. He retired in 1998, winning over forty trophies with the Reds. 

Moran was born in Liverpool. He had a son, Paul. A book, "Mr Liverpool", about Moran's life was released in 2017.

Moran was diagnosed with vascular dementia in 2012. He died on 22 March 2017 in Southport, at the age of 83.


Tunahan Kuzu

Tunahan Kuzu (born 1 June 1981 in Istanbul) is a Dutch politician of the DENK party. He was political leader from 2015 to 2020 (succeeded by Farid Azarkan).

He has been a member of the Second Chamber since 2012 and was also parliamentary group leader from 2014 to 2020. Previously he was a councillor of the municipality of Rotterdam.

Kuzu was a member of the Labour Party but left the party in 2014, together with fellow parliamentarian Selçuk Öztürk. Both founded the political party of DENK in 2015. By creating this party they wanted to support the interests of non-Western citizens.

He studied public administration at Erasmus University Rotterdam and worked as a health care specialist at the consulting firm of PricewaterhouseCoopers.

He is a Muslim and of Turkish descent.


Thierry Baudet

Thierry Henri Philippe Baudet (born January 28, 1983 in Heemstede) is a Dutch political activist and a politician of the Forum for Democracy (FVD). He has been a member of the House of Representatives since 2017.

He has been a member of the Second Chamber and parliamentary leader since 2017. Previously he was party chair.

Baudet studied law and history at the University of Amsterdam. He got his PhD at Leiden University and worked at the same university. He also had a column in Dutch newspaper NRC Handelsblad.

He is very negative about the European Union and has written several books on this topic.

Baudet with his Forum for Democracy was one of the people behind the referendum against a treaty of the European Union with Ukraine in 2016. Although the majority of the voters were against this treaty, the referendum had no results in the end.

He is partly of Walloon descent.



Lèze

The Lèze is a river in southern France, a left tributary of the Ariège river. The river flows through the French departments of Ariège and Haute-Garonne.

The Lèze river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Labarthe-sur-Lèze in the Haute-Garonne department.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Labarthe-sur-Lèze
The Lèze river starts in the Pyrenees mountain range in the southwest of the Ariège department, in the "commune" of La Bastide-de-Sérou, at an elevation of about .

It flows, in general, to the north and, after , it joins the Ariège river as a left tributary, at an elevation of about at Clermont-le-Fort.

The Lèze passes through 1 region (Occitanie), 2 departments and 20 "communes"; some of the "communes" are:


The main tributary of the Lèze river is the "Latou", that is long.



Joop den Uyl

Johannes Marten "Joop" den Uyl (born August 9, 1919 in Hilversum - December 24, 1987 in Amsterdam) was a Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA).

Den Uyl was Prime Minister of the Netherlands from 1973 to 1977, the so-called Den Uyl cabinet.

He was als a member of the Second Chamber, an alderman of Amsterdam, and a government minister.

He studied economics at the University of Amsterdam.

Although raised a Reformed Christian, he turned agnostic.

Den Uyl died of a brain tumor, aged 68.


Edward Joseph McManus

Edward Joseph McManus (February 9, 1920 – March 20, 2017) was an American politician and judge. He served as the 36th Lieutenant Governor of Iowa from 1959 through 1961 and later served as a United States federal judge for over 50 years from 1962 until his death in 2017. He was a Democrat. 

At the time of his death, McManus was the longest serving living federal judge.

McManus was born in Keokuk, Iowa. He studied at the University of Iowa. McManus died on March 20, 2017 in Cedar Rapids, Iowa, aged 97.

Sib Hashian

John Thomas "Sib" Hashian (August 17, 1949 – March 22, 2017) was an American musician. He was best known as a drummer for the rock band Boston. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

Hashian had a daughter, Lauren who has been in a relationship with Dwayne Johnson since 2007.

Hashian died from a possible heart attack while on a cruise ship near Nassau, Bahamas on March 22, 2017, aged 67.

Tomas Milian

Tomas Milian (born Tomás Quintín Rodríguez; 3 March 1933 – 22 March 2017) was a Cuban American-Italian actor and singer. He was known for his roles in "The Big Gundown" (1966), "The Ugly Ones" (1967), "Django Kill... If You Live, Shoot!" (1967), "Face to Face" (1967), "Run, Man, Run" (1968), "Death Sentence" (1968), "Tepepa" (1969), "Compañeros" (1970), "Sonny and Jed" (1972), "Life Is Tough, Eh Providence?" (1972), "Don't Torture a Duckling" (1972) and "Four of the Apocalypse" (1975).

Milian was born in Havana, Cuba. He studied at the Actors Studio in New York City. He was a bisexual. Milian died at his home in Miami, Florida on 22 March 2017 from a stroke, aged 84.


William H. Keeler

William Henry Keeler (March 4, 1931 – March 23, 2017) was an American cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He served as Archbishop of Baltimore, Maryland, from 1989 to 2007 and was elevated to the cardinalate in 1994. He was born in San Antonio, Texas.

Keeler died on March 23, 2017 in Catonsville, Maryland from a long-illness, aged 86.


Cino Tortorella

Felice "Cino" Tortorella (27 June 1926 – 23 March 2017), was an Italian television presenter. He was best known for creating and conducting the Zecchino d'Oro festival of children's songs. He was the voice of Topo Gigio, he became a regular on "The Ed Sullivan Show".

Denis Voronenkov

Denis Nikolayevich Voronenkov (; 10 April 1971 – 23 March 2017) was a Russian politician. He was a member of the State Duma (2011–2016). After stepping down as a member of the parliament in 2016, Voronenkov left Russia and settled in Ukraine with his wife Maria Maksakova Jr.. After settling in Ukraine, he became a vocal critic of Russian president Vladimir Putin and Russian foreign policy. 

Voronenkov was murdered in Kiev on 23 March 2017 at age of 45.

Stalemate

Stalemate is a situation in chess where the player whose turn it is to move is not in check but has no legal move. 

When stalemate occurs, the game is a draw. Actual stalemate is rare, but the threat of stalemate has a big effect on endgame play. Many K+R+P vs K+R endings are drawn when stalemate cannot be avoided. The existence of stalemate is a main reason why draws are common in chess, but rare in the chess derivative shogi.

In the old Persian form of chess, shatranj, stalemate was a win for the side with the most pieces. The idea of stalemate as a draw in modern chess took a long time to be agreed. It was finally decided by the early 19th century British master J.H. Sarratt in the London Chess Club rules of 1807.

All uses of the term "stalemate" in other contexts come from its use in chess. Stalemates in bargaining, politics and general life are examples of figurative language. The term is used as a metaphor.

Kho

Kho may refer to:




Amerdingen

Amerdingen is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. There is an 18th-century castle called Schloss Amerdingen. It was built by the family of the Stauffenbergs. Count Alfred Schenk von Stauffenberg (*1923) and his wife live there now. The mayor is currently Hermann Scmidt

Hans Geiger

Johannes Wilhelm "Hans" Geiger (30 September 1882 – 24 September 1945) was a German physicist. He is perhaps best known as the co-inventor of the detector component of the Geiger counter and for the Geiger–Marsden experiment which discovered the atomic nucleus. Geiger was born at Neustadt an der Haardt, Germany. He was one of five children born to the Indologist Wilhelm Ludwig Geiger, who was professor at the University of Erlangen.

In 1902, Geiger started studying physics and mathematics at the University of Erlangen and was awarded a doctorate in 1906. In 1907 he began work with Ernest Rutherford at the University of Manchester and in 1909, along with Ernest Marsden, conducted the famous Geiger–Marsden experiment called the "gold foil experiment". Rutherford and Geiger created the Rutherford-Geiger tube, later to become the Geiger tube. 

In 1911 Geiger and John Mitchell Nuttall discovered the Geiger–Nuttall law (or rule) and performed experiments that led to Rutherford's atomic model. In 1928 Geiger and his student Walther Müller created an improved version of the Geiger tube, the Geiger–Müller tube. Geiger also worked with James Chadwick. In 1912 he became leader of the Physical-Technical Reichsanstalt in Berlin, 1925 professor in Kiel, 1929 in Tübingen, and from 1936 in Berlin.

He was a member of the Uranium Club. Geiger never expressed himself in public about the Nazis. There are reports both about him helping, and rejecting, Jewish colleagues. Geiger died in Potsdam, Germany a few months after World War II ended in Europe. He had four siblings: three sisters and one brother that were all younger than him. His brother, Rudolf Geiger, was very interested in meteorology and climatology. 

Johann Alexander Döderlein

Johann Alexander Döderlein (February 11, 1675 - October 23, 1745) was a German historian, philologist and numismatist.
He studied at University of Altdorf near Nuremberg. He was polymath and his field of work included archaeology, classical studies, meteorology, and regional history. Döderlein was a member of the Prussian Academy of Sciences and of the German Academy of Sciences Leopoldina. He was rector of the Alte Lateinschule, the former school of Weißenburg am Sand.

Lise Meitner

Lise Meitner (November 7, 1878, Vienna – October 27, 1968, Cambridge) was an Austrian-Swedish physicist. She had a very large role in discovering nuclear fission. She received her doctorate in physics from the University of Vienna in 1906. Her work with two other scientists influenced the discovery and creation of the atomic bomb.

Meitner was of Jewish descent and converted to Lutheranism.

Starting in 1907, Meitner worked with a man named Otto Hahn. She worked with Hahn throughout her entire career. Working together, they completed a lot of work in chemistry. Hahn won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, even though his work had been with her. The reason that she did not win the prize was that she was a woman. She did attend the ceremony though.

In 1914, Meitner volunteered as an X-ray technician in the Austrian army during World War I. Meitner was also the first female professor in Germany. She became a German professor in 1917. Throughout the 1920s, Meitner worked mostly on radiation. She won many prizes and awards. Around 1935, Meitner and Hahn worked together to learn more about uranium. The element Meitnerium is named after her. Later in Meitner’s life, she had many discoveries that led to the creation of the atomic bomb. She worked to make possible the atomic bomb that was dropped on Hiroshima but she did not agree the atomic bomb.

An encyclopedia editor asked Meitner to write an article about radioactivity. He had read a paper she wrote about the physical aspects of radioactivity. The letter that she got was addressed to “Herr Meitner” (Mr. Meitner). She explained that she was female and the offer was taken away. Meitner followed gender roles later in her career. British physicist Ernest Rutherford visited Berlin Laboratory. During this visit, Meitner spent the day shopping with Rutherford's wife. Meanwhile, the men talked about work. Meitner also had lots of accomplishments. After working with Hahn and investigating behavior of beta rays, she received an appointment in the radioactivity apartment and invited Meitner to join him. Soon after, Max Planck asked Meitner to be an assistant professor and lecture at the institute for theoretical physics. Meitner was the first woman in Germany to be in her position. Many news reporters were drawn to her opening lecture. 


Chien-Shiung Wu

Chien-Shiung Wu (; May 31, 1912 – February 16, 1997) was a Chinese-American particle and experimental physicist.

Wu was born in May 1912 in Liuhe, a small town near Shanghai. Wu Zhongyi, her father, participated in the 1911 revolution against the Chinese Manchu dynasty. He was the founder of an all girls’ school in China. Educating girls wasn’t seen as important at that time. Wu went to that school until she was nine. After that, she went to the Soochow Girls’ School. She graduated in 1930. She was the best student in her class.

Wu went to college at Nanjing University. She studied physics there. She graduated in 1934. She spent one year teaching in a university. A year later, she went to study X-ray crystallography, which is the study of crystals. She did so at the National Academy of Sciences in Shanghai. A woman scientist who she worked with told her to go to study in the United States. She said this because China didn’t have a very good physics program. With the help of her rich uncle, she sailed to America in 1936.

Wu started working on nuclear physics with a particle physicist named Ernest Livermore. She helped Emilio Segre. He won a Nobel Prize years later. During the same time, Japan invaded China. She didn’t hear from her family for years. She kept working.

Wu also studied the electromagnetic energy a particle gives off when it slows down. She also studied what happens when a uranium nucleus splits. For her work, she got a PhD in 1940. She became known as an expert on fission, which is the splitting of atoms.

She studied theories about atoms developed by Enrico Fermi. She ended up confirming one of his theories.

Wu continued with her work in physics in her later career. She faced a difficult hypothesis involving beta decay in 1963. Beta Decay was discovered by Richard Feynman and Murray Gell-Mann.

Chien-Shiung Wu helped overthrow the law of conservation of parity along with Tsung Dao Lee and Chen Wing Yang. For 30 years, parity was a universal law. The theory states that parity was when an event and its reflection were the same. Scientist believed that the conservation of parity applied to all events. Chien-Shiung Wu helped to disprove this theory. She found this when studying the electrons at a low temperature. Wu did most of the work. The Nobel Prize committee did not acknowledge her. They did recognize her two male partners who won the award.

Many considered Wu's work on Fermi’s theory worthy of a Nobel prize. Her work was important but did not qualify for the prize. The two scientist she worked with on the theory about parity won a prize and she did not. People believed her work was not original.

She became the first woman to be the president of the American Physical Society. She was the first woman to receive the Comstock Award from the National Academy of Sciences. She was also the first woman to receive the Research Corporation Award. She received honorary degrees from over a dozen universities. Yale, Princeton and Harvard were some of the universities that recognized her work. Princeton gave her an honorary doctorate of science. She became the first woman to ever receive that.

Wu married Luke Yuan in 1942. She taught at Smith College in Massachusetts. After that, she taught at Princeton. In 1944, she was recruited to do top-secret work on radiation detectors for the atomic bomb project called the Manhattan Project at Columbia University. She worked in a secret facility.

After World War II, Wu heard back from her family. They had all survived.

Wu retired in 1981. She died of a stroke on February 16, 1997, in New York. She was 86 years old. Her ashes were buried in the courtyard of her father's school.

Wu was an inspiration and a trailblazer. She didn’t let racism or sexism put her down. She kept working hard. She made some amazing discoveries. Her work wasn’t credited with a Nobel Prize but she made a huge impact on the world's knowledge of fission and quantum physics.



Vera Rubin

Vera Cooper Rubin (July 23, 1928 December 25, 2016) was an American astronomer. She discovered dark matter

Rubin was born on July 23, 1928. Her parents were Rose Applebaum and Phillip Cooper.  At age 10, Rubin became fascinated by the stars in her home, Washington, D.C. At age 14, she built her first telescope.

Rubin attended Vassar College where she earned her B.A. in 1948. She earned her M.A. at Cornell University in 1951. She received her Ph.D. in astronomy at Georgetown University. At Cornell her thesis studied evidence of bulk rotation in the universe. 

Rubin taught at Georgetown before becoming a researcher at the Carnegie Institution of Science. She spent a year as a teacher in math and physics at Montgomery County Junior College. She contributed to newspapers. She was an associated editor of the Astronomical Journal and the editorial board of Science Magazine. Rubin was on the astronomical committee at Harvard University and at the National Academy of Sciences.

Rubin was an American astronomer who discovered dark matter. Dark matter is a material in the universe that does not reflect light. She and W. Kent Ford found that the stars closest to the center of the galaxy and the stars farthest from the center of the galaxy moved at the same rate.  Their findings said that mass astronomers could see only 10 percent of the galaxy's total mass. This makes dark matter invisible. Rubin joined the council of American Women in Science in 1984 to promote women in astronomy. 

Rubin was given honorary degrees from Creighton University, Harvard University, and Yale University. She won the National Medal of Sciences in 1993.

Rubin was married to Robert Rubin, a physicist. She wrote a children's book on astronomy to encourage young girls to study science. Rubin had four children named David, Allan, Judith, and Carl. Her children all became scientists. 

Rubin died in Princeton on December 25, 2016.

Hypatia

Hypatia (hy-PAY-shee-uh) of Alexandria was a mathematician, astronomer, and philosopher. She lived around 370 - 415 C.E. Hypatia was the first noted women in mathematics, philosophy, and astronomy. She lead a philosophical movement called Neoplatonism. Neoplatonism was developed from the ideas of the ancient Greek philosopher Plato. 

Hypatia was born in Alexandria, a city in Egypt. During Hypatia’s time, Egypt was a great place for learning. Her father was also a mathematician, astronomer, and philosopher, so she had it in her blood line. Her father was Theon. Hypatia and her father worked on commentaries of Ptolemy's work together. Ptolemy was a Greek astronomer who was from Alexandria. Hypatia's name was also put on work done by other mathematicians. 

The Museum of Alexandria was a more like a university and library than a museum. It played a big role in education, and Hypatia’s life. Theon may have been the director of the museum at one point. Theon was interested in mathematics. This may have led Hypatia to pursue astronomy, mathematics, and philosophy.

Her skills were so notable, that she became the leader of the Neoplatonism movement in Alexandria around 400. Her reputation led students from all around the world to come visit here. She was recognized as a better philosopher than most of the men during her time. Hypatia gave lectures at her house and in lecture halls. She lectured on astronomy, mathematics, philosophy, and religious literature. She wrote a number of books about mathematics.

Synesius of Cyrene was a student of Hypatia. His letters provided some of the most important information on her life and her teachings. She taught Synesius about the building of an astrolabe.

Hypatia was never married because she said she was “wedded to the truth”. She was an acquaintance of Orestes. He was the pagan governor of Alexandria. Radical monks murdered her. They possibly murdered her because the pagans seemed to have caused enmity among the mainly Christian town. They persecuted her, and scattered her body parts around the city. She died at 45 years old, in 415 C.E.

Ada Yonath

Ada E. Yonath, Hebrew: עדה יונת , (born June 22, 1939) is an Israeli crystallographer. She received the 2009 Nobel Prize in Chemistry together with Thomas A. Steitz and Venkatraman Ramakrishnan for studies of the structure and function of the ribosome.

She was born in the Geula quarter of Jerusalem. Her father was a rabbi. Yonath and her family moved to Tel Aviv after her father died.

She received her bachelor's degree in chemistry in 1962. She received her master's degree in biochemistry in 1964. She got both degrees from the Hebrew University in Jerusalem. She received her Ph.D. in X-Ray Crystallography at the Weizmann Institute of Science in 1968. Yonath made the first protein crystallography lab at the Weizmann Institute. Her work showed the function of ribosomes. Yonath worked at Carnegie-Mellon University and MIT for several years. She stayed as Weizmann Institute for the rest of her career.

Ada Yonath is an Israeli chemist who made pictures of ribosomes using X-ray Crystallography. Ribosomes are the part of cells in the human body that put together proteins. X-ray Crystallography makes pictures of molecules by bunching them into crystals. This method is only used to make models of single atoms. Yonath used this methods to crystallize ribosomes although they are made of many atoms and proteins. This made her work very difficult. She returned to the Weizmann Institute of Science in 1970. She started the first Protein Crystallography lab in Israel. She did research at the Max Planck Institute for Molecular Genetics in Berlin, Germany from 1979 to 1984. She began trying to make ribosomes into crystals in 1970.  [1]

She made the first model of a large ribosome in 1980. 

In 2006 she won the Wolf Prize in Chemistry.

She won the 2009 Nobel Prize in Chemistry with Venkatraman Ramakrishnan and Thomas Steitz. This Nobel prize was for her work in making images of ribosomes. She studied Molecular Genetics in Berlin, Germany, before winning the Nobel prize.

Yonath led a research team at the Max Planck Institute in Hamburg, Germany for 18 years. She also continued research at the Weizmann Institute of Science.


Youyou Tu

Youyou Tu (born 30 December 1930) is a Chinese pharmacologist. She won the Nobel Prize in 2015 for medicine. She is famous for making a medicine to treat Malaria. Malaria is a sickness or disease. It is spread by mosquitoes. It poorly affects a lot of people in the world. Many people have died from Malaria. Tu came up with a cure.

Tu was born on December 30, 1930.  She was born and raised in Ningbo, Zhejiang. Zhejiang is a province of China. It is located in eastern China. In 1951, she moved to Beijing. She went to the Peking University in Beijing. At the university, she studied pharmacology. In 1955, she finished college and started working at the China Academy of Traditional Chinese Medicine in Beijing. It is now called the China Academy of Chinese Medical Sciences.

n 1969, China was having a cultural revolution against Western ideas. This means that many schools, colleges, and research centers were closed. Tu was assigned to a secret project that was to find the cure for Malaria during this time. Malaria was killing American and Vietnamese soldiers in Vietnam before the treatment was found. She studied traditional Chinese medicinal ancient text. She was trying to find an herbal treatment. The text they read gave information about a medicinal plant, Qinghao. Qinghao is also known as sweet wormwood. Tu and two other scientists found a part of the plant that helped treat Malaria. This was made into a drug that stopped and treated the disease in millions of people. This drug was called artemisinin.

Rosalyn Yalow

Rosalyn Yalow (July 19, 1921 May 30, 2011) was an American medical physicist.

Yalow was born on July 19, 1921 in the Bronx, New York City. She graduated from Hunter College in 1941. She also went to a all-female college in New York called Hunter College. Yalow was Jewish. This made it difficult to become a scientist, due to prejudice. She continued trying. Yalow got a PhD from the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign.

Yalow became a consultant in nuclear physics at the Bronx Veteran’s Administration Hospital in 1947. She was assistant chief of radioisotope service in 1950. She was made a research professor at the Sinai School of Medicine in New York City in 1968. In 1973, she was made head of Solomon A. Berson Research Laboratory at the Bronx Veteran’s Administration Hospital. 

Yalow won the Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine in 1977. She was the second woman to win that prize. She shared the award with Roger Guillemin and Andrew Schally.

Yalow was known for the creation of the radioimmunoassay (RIA). The RIA labeled things in the blood with radioactive marks. Yalow and Solomon Berson first used the RIA in 1959. It was first used to study the insulin in blood of diuabetics ( people with diabetes). This was an advancement that helped many people with diabetes. 

Maryam Mirzakhani

Maryam Mirzakhani (May 12, 1977 – July 14, 2017) was an Iranian mathematician.

She worked at Stanford University. Her research topics include Teichmüller theory, hyperbolic geometry, ergodic theory, and symplectic geometry.

On 13 August 2014, Mirzakhani became both the first woman and the first Iranian honored with the Fields Medal, the most prestigious award in mathematics.

On 14 July 2017, Mirzakhani died of breast cancer at the age of 40.

Mirzakhani was born in May 1977 in Tehran, Iran. She enjoyed math and puzzles in high school. She earned her bachelor's degree at the Sharif University of Technology in Tehran. Mirzakhani then went to Harvard to earn a Ph.D. in 2004.

In high school, Mirzakhani found her talents in math. She decided to reconsider her career goals. This was made possible by her principal. Her principal tried to give women the same chances as men to succeed.

Mirzakhani was also given extra math assignments, which gave her access to university laboratories. She was also allowed to study by herself in the library. This privilege was only given to a few people.

Mirzakhani was diagnosed with breast cancer in 2013. She died of the cancer on July 14, 2017 in Palo Alto, California, aged 40.

Mirzakhani won the Fields Medal award, the highest mathematical award, in 2014 for her accomplishments in math. She won this award because of her work on Riemann surfaces, a complex mathematical subject. Her work on this subject has improved the basics of both mathematics and physics.

Mirzakhani proved multiple relationships between "moduli" spaces, classes of Riemann surface structures. Her talent led her to be selected twice for the Math Olympiad Team.

Girls had never been part of the Iranian Math Olympiad team. Mirzakhani was the first woman to be on the team and was selected two times in a row. She won gold medals for her team. In 1994, she only had one point taken off and in 1995, she had a perfect score. This was a big accomplishment since she was the first Iranian to do so.

Mirzakhani has worked as a math teacher at Princeton University and Stanford University. At Stanford, her interests changed a little. Mirzakhani still worked on geometry and symmetry but started to focus more on theories on Teichmiller dynamics, advanced geometric strategies. Her research was deemed as mathematical research into nature's abstract concepts.


Emilie du Chatelet

Émilie du Châtelet was a French physicist. She was born on December 17, 1706, in Paris, France. Du Châtelet was born into an aristocratic family. She received an excellent education. Du Châtelet learned science, literature, and music. She married the Marquis of Châtelet. He lived away from Paris because he had a military and political career. They had three children. Du Châtelet took private lessons in maths from Pierre-Louis Moreau.

Du Châtelet had a 15-year affair with Francois Marie Arouet de Voltaire. Voltaire recognised her talents. Châtelet helped Voltaire write his book, "Elements of Newton’s Philosophy". She had an unwanted child with Jean François de Saint-Lambert when she was 42. She translated "Principia Mathematica" by Isaac Newton into French while she was pregnant. She died from an infection six days after giving birth to her daughter. It was 1749.

Du Châtelet’s translation of "Principia Mathematica" is still used today. She knew that her work was not appreciated during her time. Years after she died, she was recognized as a role model for girls and women. Du Châtelet is still celebrated around the world for her work in Newtonian studies and mathematics.

Mary Somerville

Mary Somerville was a Scottish science writer and a polymath. She was also famous for supporting more education for women and supporting more civil rights for women. 

Somerville was born on December 26, 1780, in Jedburgh, Scotland. She was the fifth of seven children. She was one of three who lived to be adults. Her father, William George Fairfax, was a vice-admiral in the Royal Navy. He would go on long trips away. Somerville's mother didn't try to educate her daughters; she thought that all girls needed to know was how to cook and clean. When Somerville wasn't doing household chores, she would often go to the seaside and the moors.

When Somerville's father came home, he discovered that his ten-year-old daughter could not read or write. He sent her to a boarding school. By her teenage years, Somerville had become interested in algebra. Her parents got angry. They told her not to study it - they worried that studying mathematical concepts would cause her physical and mental harm. "Mary Somerville." Scientists: Their Lives and Works, UXL, 2006. Student Resources in Context. Accessed 31 Mar. 2017.

In 1804, when she was 24, Somerville got married to Samuel Grieg. She found that marriage gave her independence from her parents. She began studying algebra. She had two sons, but her husband died in 1807. As a widow, she found more freedom to study and learned many more mathematical concepts."Mary Somerville." Scientists: Their Lives and Works, UXL, 2006. Student Resources in Context. Accessed 31 Mar. 2017.

In 1812, she married again. Her second husband was William Somerville. They had four children together. Somerville began experiments on solar radiation with her newfound support from William.

She studied the sun's radiation effects on Earth's substances. In 1826, she published her first paper, "On the Magnetizing Power of the More Refrangible Solar Rays." She later published two more papers and two books. She later moved to Italy and started her third book. In 1848, she had a publication called "Physical Geography."

Somerville wrote many books. Somerville's second book led to the discovery of Neptune. She then became the one of the first two women to be named Honorary members of the Royal Astronomical Society. Somerville had a picture hung in the Royal Society's great hall. She won the Victoria Gold Medal from the Royal Geographic Society in 1870. 

In 1860, her only surviving son died. Her husband died 5 years later. Somerville became sad. Her daughter told her to work on more writing projects. She did, but she wasn't in touch with modern science. She began to promote civil rights and higher women's education. She died at age 92 in Naples, Italy, on November 19, 1872. Oxford University named one of its colleges after her.

May-Britt Moser

May-Britt Moser is a Norwegian psychologist and neuroscientist.

Moser was born on Jan 4, 1962 in Fosnavåg, on a coastal island north of Bergen, Norway. She married Edvard Moser as a student of the University of Oslo in 1985. They had two kids, Isabel and Ailin. The Mosers were directors and coordinators of the Kavil Institute for systems Neuroscience and the Centre for Neural Computation at the Norwegian University of Science and Technology for many years, but they divorced in 2016.

Each earned a PhD in neurobiology in 1995. She used rats as test subjects during her research because their nervous system is very similar to humans. They discovered brain cells that allow animals to move from one place to another. These are called grid cells, and they fire when the rats pass a certain location. Over time, this helped the rats move purposely around the room and navigate their surroundings. The Mosers won a Nobel Prize, an important award. She won this award in 2014 and shared this with John O’Keefe, another neuroscientist. They also won the Louisa Gross Horwitz Prize.

Starboy (song)

"Starboy" is a song recorded by Canadian PBR&B singer-songwriter The Weeknd. It features the French DJ duo Daft Punk. It is taken from his fifth studio album, also called "Starboy". It is the first song on the album. The song reached number one in nearly ten countries, including the US, Canada, France, the Netherlands, and New Zealand, while it reached number two in countries like Australia and the UK. "Starboy" is The Weeknd and Daft Punk's first collaboration, before the next single, the top-ten song "I Feel It Coming".

The song was certified quadruple-Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for sales, streams, and shipments of over four million copies there.

Via (electronics)

A via or VIA is an electrical connection between layers in a circuit board.

Andrés Ocaña

Andrés Ocaña Rabadán (1955 – March 2, 2017) was a Spanish politician and academic. He served as the Mayor of Córdoba from 2009 to 2011. He was a member of the United Left/The Greens–Assembly for Andalusia.

Ocaña was born in the town of Aguilar de la Frontera in the Province of Córdoba. He served as a member of the Córdoba city council from 1995 until 2011. Ocaña died of a myocardial infarction on March 2, 2017 in Córdoba, Andalusia, at the age of 62.

José José

José Rómulo Sosa Ortiz (February 17, 1948 — September 28, 2019), known by his stage name José José, was a Mexican singer, musician and occasional actor. His 1983 album "Secretos" has sold over 20 million units. With a large number of international hits, he received several Grammy nominations and recognition worldwide.

In March 2017, he announced that he was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. On 28 September 2019, José José died of the disease at a hospital in Homestead, Florida, at the age of 71.

Kallar (caste)

Kallar is one of the three related castes of southern India which constitute the Mukkulathor confedaracy or league of caste. The Kallar, along with the Kallar caste and Maravar caste, constitute a united social caste on the basis of professions, though their locations and heritages are wholly separate from one another.The Kallars, along with the Kallar and Thevars, traditionally practised a Tamil martial art variously known as "adi murai", "chinna adi" and "varna ati".The Kallar were traditionally a non-vegetarian people.

Maravar

Maravar is a Tamil community of the state of Tamil Nadu, southern India, and are one of the three branches of the Mukkulathor confederacy or league of caste.Members of the Maravar community often use the honorific title "Thevar".The term "Maravar" has diverse proposed etymologies; it may come simply from a Tamil word "maravar" (warrior), or a term meaning "bravery".

Karaikudi

Karaikudi is a municipality in Sivaganga district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is a part of the area commonly referred to as "Chettinadu" and has been declared a heritage town by the Government of Tamil Nadu.As of 2011, the city had a population of 106,714. Roadways are the major mode of transportation to Karaikudi and the nearest airport is Madurai Airport, located away from the city.The average literacy of the town was 81.48%, compared to the national average of 72.99%.

Sivaganga district

Sivaganga district is an administrative district of Tamil Nadu state in Southern India. It is bounded by Pudukkottai district on the Northeast, Tiruchirapalli District on the North, Ramanathapuram district on South East, Virudhunagar district on South West and Madurai district on the West.The major town in the district is the City of Karaikudi. As of 2011, the district had a population of 1,339,101 with a sex-ratio of 1,003 females for every 1,000 males.

Namakkal

Namakkal is a town and a municipality in Namakkal district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is the headquarters of Namakkal district. It is the first ISO 14001-2004 certified municipality in Asia for environmental management, specifically the provision and maintenance of water supply, solid waste and sewage management, town planning, lighting and other social services.
As of 2011, the town had a population of 55,145.

Tiruchirappalli Rock Fort

Tiruchirappalli Rockfort is a historic fortification and temple complex built on an ancient rock. It is located in the city of Tiruchirappalli, Tamil Nadu, India. It is constructed on a high rock that may date to over one billion years ago. There are two Hindu temples inside, the Ucchi Pillayar Temple, Rockfort and the Thayumanaswami Temple, Rockfort. Other local tourist attractions include the famous Pallava-era Ganesha temple and the Madurai Nayak-era fort. The fort complex has witnessed fierce battles between the Madurai Nayakas and Adil Shahi dynasty of Bijapur, Carnatic region and Maratha Imperial forces. The fort played an important part during the Carnatic Wars, helping lay the foundations of the British Empire in India. The Rockfort is the most prominent landmark of the city.

Ucchi Pillayar Temple, Rockfort

Ucchi Pillayar Temple is a 7th-century Hindu temple, one dedicated to Lord Ganesh located a top of "Rockfort", Tiruchirapalli, Tamil Nadu, India. Mythologically this rock is the place where Lord Ganesh ran from King Vibishana, after establishing the Ranganathaswamy deity in Srirangam. The Rock Fort temple stands 83m tall perched atop the rock. The smooth rock was first cut by the Pallavas but it was the Nayaks of Madurai who completed both the temples under the Vijayanagara empire. Due to its ancient and impressive architecture created by the Pallavas, the temple is maintained by the Archaeological department of India.

Thayumanaswami Temple, Rockfort

Thayumanaswami Temple is a temple in the Rockfort complex in the city of Tiruchirappalli, India. The temple is close to the base of the Rockfort and was built by the Pallava king Mahendravarman I in the 6th century AD. Shiva is worshiped as Thayumanavar, and is represented by the lingam and his consort Parvati is depicted as Mattuvar Kuzhalammai. The presiding deity is revered in the 7th century Tamil Saiva canonical work, the Tevaram, written by Tamil saint poets known as the nayanars and classified as Paadal Petra Sthalam.The temple complex has three shrines, two of which are dedicated to Lord Ganesha, one at the foot and the Ucchi Pillayar Temple at the top, and the Thayumanaswami Temple between them.

Thiruvarur

Thiruvarur is a town and municipality in Thiruvarur district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is the administrative headquarters of Tiruvarur district and Tiruvarur taluk. The town was one of the five traditional capitals of the Chola empire, with one of the emperors of the dynasty, Kulothunga Chola I, having it as his capital. The town is believed to be of significant antiquity and has been ruled, at different times, by the Medieval Cholas, Later Cholas, Later Pandyas, Vijayanagar Empire, Marathas and the British. The town is known for the Thyagaraja temple, and the annual chariot festival held in the month of April. The temple chariot of the Thyagaraja temple, weighing and measuring tall is the largest temple chariot in Tamil Nadu. Thiruvarur is the birthplace of Tyagaraja, Muthuswami Dikshitar and Syama Sastri, popularly known as the Trinity of Carnatic music of the 18th century CE.
According to 2011 census, Thiruvarur had a population of 58,301 with a sex-ratio of 1,053 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929.

Mannargudi

Mannargudi is a town in Thiruvarur district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu. It is the headquarters of the Mannargudi Taluk. The town is located at a distance of 20km from the district headquarters Tiruvarur and 310 km from the state capital Chennai. Mannargudi is known for the Rajagopalaswamy temple, a prominent Vaishnavite shrine.Mannargudi is administered by a municipality established in 1866. As of 2011, the municipality covered an area of and had a population of 66,999. Mannargudi comes under the Mannargudi assembly constituency which elects a member to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly once every five years and it is a part of the Nagappattinam constituency which elects its Member of Parliament (MP) once in five years. Roadways are the major mode of transportation to the town and it also has rail connectivity. The nearest seaport, Nagapattinam Port, is located 52 km (32 mi) from Mannargudi, while the nearest airport, Tiruchirappalli International Airport, is located 97 km (60 mi) from the town.

Kukkarahalli lake

Kukkarahalli lake is located in the heart of the Mysore city. Mummadi Krishnaraja Wodeyar, (1794–1868) of the Mysore Dynasty (Kingdom of Mysore) was responsible for getting the lake created, in the year 1864, to provide water for irrigation to about 4000 ha (10,000 acres) of land outside the city. The Lake also used to be a source of water supply to the city of Mysore but over the years, sewage and excessive land encroachments (mostly illegal) and blockage of water flow sources almost led to the eutrophication of the lake. The University of Mysore and the citizen forums of Mysore continue to make efforts to preserve the lake by implementing several remedial measures. 

Eduard Bomhoff

Eduard Jan Bomhoff (born September 30, 1944 in Amsterdam) is a Dutch economist and academic, and also former politician and columnist.

Bomhoff studied at Leiden University and Erasmus University Rotterdam.

From July to October 2002, he was on behalf of the Pim Fortuyn List (LPF) government minister of Health, Welfare and Sports and also deputy prime minister in the First Balkenende Cabinet.

He is a member of the Old Catholic Church.


Anton Constandse

Anton Levien Constandse (September 13, 1899 in Brouwershaven - March 23, 1985 in The Hague) was a Dutch journalist, writer, political activist, anarchist and atheist.

Constandse studied Spanish at the University of Amsterdam.

Although raised a Christian, he turned atheist.

During World War II he was imprisoned in Buchenwald concentration camp, Gymnasium Beekvliet and Herzogenbusch concentration camp because of his anti-fascist and anti-nazi views.

After the war he was editor at NRC Handelsblad. He wrote for De Groene Amsterdammer, Vrij Nederland, and various humanist, atheist and literary magazines. Furthermore, he spoke on the Dutch VPRO radio and lectured at the University of Amsterdam.

Constandse was very negative about Christianity and later on also about Islam.

He wrote a lot of books and brochures about atheism and anarchism.



Khadija Arib

Khadija Arib, Arabic: خديجة عريب , (born October 10, 1960 in Hedami) is a Dutch politician. She is a member of the Labour Party (PvdA).

Arib was born near Casablanca in Morocco. She migrated to the Netherlands when she was 15 years of age. She studied sociology at the University of Amsterdam.

She has been a member of the Second Chamber since 1998 (with a short interruption in 2006-2007). She was Speaker of the Second Chamber from 2016 to 2021 (succeeded by Vera Bergkamp).

Khadija Arib is married with three children. She is a Muslim and of Moroccan descent.


Etienne Vermeersch

Etienne Vermeersch (May 2, 1934 in Bruges – January 18, 2019 in Ghent) was a Belgian philosopher, activist and former academic.

He studied classics and philosophy at Ghent University.

Being a Jesuit, he turned atheist at the age of 25.

Vermeersch was vice rector at Ghent University, and is considered an important critic in Belgian society.

He was co-founder of the Belgian skeptical organization of SKEPP.

Vermeersch died at a hospital in Ghent, Belgium through assisted suicide on January 18, 2019 after suffering a long-illness, aged 84.



Mace

Mace has three principal meanings:

Mace may also refer to:







Maurice Xiberras

Maurice Xiberras GMH (14 November 1936 – 19 March 2017) was a Gibraltarian teacher, trade unionist and politician. He was thought as being a strong defender of British sovereignty, who believed there was no future for Gibraltar without the continuing close relationship with the United Kingdom. He was born in The Rock, Gibraltar.

Xiberras died of a suspected heart attack during a trip in Surbiton, Royal Borough of Kingston upon Thames on 19 March 2017, aged 80.

Tony Terran

Anthony "Tony" Terran (May 30, 1926 – March 20, 2017) was an American trumpet player and session musician. He was part of The Wrecking Crew, which was a group of session musicians in Los Angeles, California. They earned wide acclaim in the 1960s. The Wrecking Crew was inducted into the Musicians Hall of Fame on November 26, 2007.

A very well known trumpeter in Los Angeles, Terran worked with The Baja Marimba Band, The Beach Boys, The Beatles, The Bee Gees, Ray Charles, Chicago, Nat King Cole, Perry Como, Bob Dylan, Ella Fitzgerald, Benny Goodman, Bob Hope, Michael Jackson, Eartha Kitt, Peggy Lee, Madonna, Dean Martin, Elvis Presley, Bonnie Raitt, Linda Ronstadt, Diana Ross, Frank Sinatra, Barbra Streisand, The Tijuana Brass, and Tom Waits.

Terran was born in Buffalo, New York. He died in Los Angeles on March 20, 2017, aged 90.

Roy Fisher

Roy Fisher (11 June 1930 – 21 March 2017) was a British poet and jazz pianist. His poetry shows the relationship to both European and American modernist influences, while remaining grounded in the experience of living in the English Midlands. 

Fisher has experimented with a wide range of styles throughout his career, largely working outside of the mainstream of post-war British poetry. He has been admired by poets and critics as diverse as Donald Davie, Eric Mottram, Marjorie Perloff, and Sean O’Brien.

In 2003, Fisher was made lifetime Honorary Poet of the City of Birmingham. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature in 2005.


Joanne Kyger

Joanne Kyger (November 19, 1934 – March 22, 2017) was an American poet. Her poetry was influenced by her practice of Zen Buddhism and her ties to the poets of Black Mountain, the San Francisco Renaissance, and the Beat generation.

Kyger was born in Vallejo, California. She studied at the University of California, Santa Barbara. She moved to San Francisco in 1957.

Kyger published more than twenty books of poetry and prose, including "Going On: Selected Poems, 1958–1980, " (1983); and, "Just Space: poems, 1979-1989" (1991).

Kyger died on March 22, 2017 at her home in Bolinas, California from lung cancer, aged 82.



Ashokamitran

Ashokamitran (September 22, 1931 – March 23, 2017) was the pen name of Jagadisa Thyagarajan, an Indian writer. He was sometimes called one of the most influential figures in post-independent Tamil literature. He began his prolific literary career with the prize winning play "Anbin Parisu" and went on to author more than two hundred short stories, and a dozen novellas and novels.

Ashokamitran died on 23 March 2017 in Chennai from cardiac arrest at the age of 85.


Meir Einstein

Meir Einstein (‎; 21 October 1951 – 23 March 2017) was an Israeli sports broadcaster. He was born in Herzliya, Israel.

Einstein began his career as a news anchor at Kol Yisrael. He later began to broadcast sports events in all areas of the Sports Department of Channel 10. He was the main broadcaster on the sports channels of Charlton Ltd..

Einstein died on 23 March 2017 in Jerusalem from complications of muscular dystrophy (disease that weakens the skeletal system), aged 65.

Leo Peelen

Leopoldus ("Leo") Eduardus Theoduris Peelen (16 July 1968 - 24 March 2017) was a Dutch track cyclist. He won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics in Seoul in the points race. The following year, he captured a bronze medal at the 1989 World Championships. Peelen became six times Dutch champion on the track (Pointsrace in 1983, 1984, 1985 (winter), Individual Pursuit 1986 and Madison 1987 and 1988).

Peelen died on 24 March 2017 from cardiac arrest in Apeldoorn, the Netherlands, aged 48.


Avo Uvezian

Avo Uvezian (March 22, 1926 – March 24, 2017) was an Armenian-American jazz pianist and cigar manufacturer. He was born in Beirut, French Lebanon. He performed with Bob Hope and Dean Martin during his musician career. In the 1980s, he created a brad of cigars called "Avo Cigars". In 1996, more than two million Avo cigars were sold.

Uvezian died in Orlando, Florida from respiratory arrest on March 24, 2017, two days after his 91st birthday.


Mayaro

Mayaro is a town on the island of Trinidad in Trinidad and Tobago. It is near Rio Claro.

Mayaro is on the ocean, and Mayaro Beach is a very popular vacation spot for tourists.

Damnatio memoriae

Damnatio memoriae is a Latin practice or phrase that means "condemnation of memory". It means that a person's existence should be cut out of history. In practice it meant removing the name from official records and monuments. However, because information about the person was usually also found in other places, like letters and scrolls, historians today can usually still learn about the person.

Vault 7

Vault 7 is a series of documents that WikiLeaks began to release on 7 March 2017, that detail activities and capabilities of the United States Central Intelligence Agency to perform electronic surveillance and cyber warfare. The files, dated from 2013–2016, include details on the agency's software capabilities, such as the ability to compromise smart TVs, web browsers (including Firefox, Google Chrome, and Microsoft Edge), and the operating systems of most smartphones (including Apple's iOS and Google's Android), as well as other operating systems such as Microsoft Windows, macOS, and Linux.

Eshanosaurus

Eshanosaurus is an extinct genus of therizinosaur dinosaur from the Lower Jurassic of China. It may have been the earliest known coelurosaur. The type species is "Eshanosaurus deguchiianus", which was coined in 2001 by Xu Xing.

Yohanna Ibrahim

Yohanna Ibrahim (Arabic: يوحنا إبراهيم) also Gregorios Yohanna or Mor Gregorios Yohanna Ibrahim (born August 18, 1948) is the Syriac Orthodox archbishop of Aleppo. He was kidnapped on April 22, 2013, along with Boulos Yazigi, the Greek Orthodox archbishop of Aleppo. 

Ibrahim was born on August 18, 1948 in Qamishly, Syria. He studied Ecclesiastical Studies and Canon Law at the Pontifical Oriental Institute (Roma Istituto Orientale) in Rome from 1973 to 1976. He became a monk in 1973, a deacon in 1976, a priest in 1976, and a bishop in 1979. In 1988 he established the Al Raha Mardin Publishing House in Aleppo. 

Ibrahim received degrees from St. Ephrem Theological Seminary in Zahle, the Oriental Institute in Rome, and the Pontifical Oriental Institute in Rome. He received a PhD from Birmingham University in the UK. The title of his dissertation was “Christian Arabs in Mesopotamia before Islam.” Before he became a bishop in Syria, Ibrahim had positions in Iraq, Sweden, Holland, Belgium, and Lebanon. He was on the committees of many religious boards, including including the Global Christian Forum, the Executive Committee of the Middle East Council of Churches, and the Central Committee of the World Council of Churches.

Ibrahim disappeared in 2013 while traveling with Boulos Yazigi to negotiate the release of two kidnapped priests. It is believed the kidnappers were Chechen.



More Life

More Life (also known as More Life: A Playlist by October Firm) is the fifth studio album by Canadian rapper Drake. It was released on March 18, 2017, by Young Money Entertainment and Cash Money Records. Drake stated that the collection of songs is a playlist and not an album.

The first single, "Fake Love", was released on October 23, 2016, the day before Drake's 30th birthday. It reached the top ten around the world.

"Passionfruit" was released as the second single from "More Life" on March 28, 2017.


National Cycling Museum

KOERS. Museum van de wielersport. (till 2018 the Cycling Museum - WieMu) is a museum in the Belgian city of Roeselare. The museum shows the history of the bicycle and cycling. The museum started officially on 27 March 1998 at ‘Het Polenplein’, in the earlier fire-station.

The Cycling Museum was founded in 1985 as part of the earlier Municipal Museum of Roeselare. The city of Roeselare took that decision because the region can be seen as ‘the cradle of the flandriens’. A lot of flandriens and racing cyclists are born in the region. The municipality proper has known a lot of popular racing cyclists for example Odiel Defraeye, the first Belgian winner of the Tour of France and several world-champions: Jean-Pierre Monseré, Benoni Beheyt, Patrick Sercu, Freddy Maertens… In the beginning, the museum only showed a few old bicycles and organised an exhibition in summer.
In 1998, they made the final decision to replace the old folkloristic museum for a real Cycling Museum, the National Cycling Museum. Ferdy Callewaert was the first conservator till he retired in 2006. Old-racing cyclist Freddy Maertens worked from 2000 till 2007 at the museum and he welcomed often the visitors. In 2005 King Albert II visited the museum. In 2010 the museum got the short name ‘WieMu’. 
After a renovation, the museum re-opened on 8 September 2018. The new name of the museum is "KOERS. Museum van de wielersport". At the museum, there are also the municipal touristic service and a pub.

The museum shows the history of bicycles from 1760 till now: all sorts of old bicycles and modern bicycles used for professional duties, leisure and sport. In the beginning, that was the heart of the collection of the cycling museum. After some years, the museum became more and more specialized in cycle-racing. So the museum has a lot of racing-bicycles, cycling-trophies and -souvenirs, cycling-clothes, portraits of racing cyclists etc. 
In one of the halls, you find a lot about the local world-champion Jean-Pierre Monseré, who lost his life as world-champion during a race in 1971. Another hall shows an old workshop of bicycle-maker Hallaert where you can learn about the technical evolution of the bicycle.
The cycling museum has a documentation center about cycling with a lot of photos, old newspapers and (cycling-)magazines, programme brochures and cycling archives. The museum publishes regular exhibition catalogues or books of exercises. Since 2012 the museum publishes the cycling-historic magazine ‘Etappe’.

The museum ‘WieMu’ is in the earlier fire-station. The station was built between 1899 and 1902. Till 1962 it was a fire-station. During World War I, German soldiers lived in the station. On 21 July 1917, it was bombed by British aircrafts. After the war it was rebuilt. The building was also used for several public services such as a festive hall, a school, sportaccommodation and a folkloristic museum. The building is now a classified monument and partly restored.

Roeselare station

Station Roeselare is a railway-station on railway-line 66 (Bruges – Kortrijk) in the Belgian city of Roeselare. The station is the terminal station of the old abolished railway-line 64 (Ypres – Roeselare) and the also abolished railway-line 65 (Roeselare – Menen – French frontier).

Jacqueline Naze Tjøtta

Jacqueline Andrée Naze Tjøtta (1 June 1935 – 9 March 2017) was a French-born Norwegian mathematician. She became the first female mathematical sciences professor in Norway.

Naze was born in Montpellier, France. She graduated in mathematics from the Aix-Marseille University and Sorbonne, Paris. She married Norwegian mathematician Sigve Tjøtta in 1964. 

Naze was appointed professor in applied mathematics at the University of Bergen from 1966. Her research interests have focused on kinetic theory, magnetohydrodynamics and theoretical acoustics.
Naze died in Oslo, Norway on 9 March 2017, aged 81.

Roya Saberi Negad Nobakht

Roya Saberi Negad Nobakht (Farsi: رویا صابری نژاد نوبخت) (born c. 1967) is a Iranian-British housewife who was put in prison after she returned to Iran to visit her family. While living in England, she wrote on Facebook that Iran was "too Islamic". The Iranian government put her in prison and accused her of “insulting Islamic sanctities”, a crime that carries death penalty.

Roya was born in Iran. In 1998 she emigrated to England. Since 2008, she has lived in Stockport, near Manchester, England. In 2013 Roya returned to Iran to visit her family. Two weeks after she arrived, she flew to the city of Shiraz and was arrested by cyber police at the airport. Roya's husband, Daryoush Taghipoor, found out his wife was in prison when he traveled to the Middle East to look for her.

Roya was taken to Tehran and held at the notorious Evin prison. In June 2014, Roya was tried by Branch 28 of the Revolutionary Court, and sentenced to 20 years in prison.

Seven other Facebook users were arrested along with Roya. The other seven names are Amir Golestani, Masoud Ghasemkhani, Fariborz Kardarfar, Seyed Masoud Seyed Talebi, Amin Akramipour, Mehdi Reyshahri, and Naghmeh Shahisavandi Shirazi.

In June 15 2016 five of the defendants called the "Facebook activists" were released from prison. After applying "Article 134", her sentence was reduced to five years, however she is still in Evin Prison. She is in poor health and has frequent seizures.

Iran is accused of using innocent civilians as hostages to get payments from western countries. In January 2016, the U.S. government paid Iran $1.7 billion in cash. At the same time, Iran released five American citizens.

Sigve Tjøtta

Sigve Tjøtta (1 March 1930 – 28 August 2023) was a Norwegian mathematician.

Tjøtta was born in Klepp, Norway. He studied at the University of Oslo, Brown University and at the Max Planck Institute.

He was appointed docent at the University of Bergen in 1960, and was promoted to professor in 1963. He replaced Oddvar Bjørgum, and had the job for the university's education in applied mathematics.

His fields of research include plasma, nonlinear acoustics, hydroacoustics and acoustic streaming. He was also the dean of the Faculty of Mathematics and Natural Sciences from 1975 to 1977, and has held positions in NAVF, NTVF, and in the national committee of the International Union of Theoretical and Applied Mechanics. He has also been a visiting scholar at the University of Texas at Austin.

Tjøtta married Jacqueline Naze, a colleague, in 1964. They lived in Oslo. Naze died in March 2017.

Tjøtta died in August 2023, aged 93.

Mai Dantsig

Mai Volfovich Dantsig (; ; April 27, 1930 – March 26, 2017) was a Belarusian artist. He was active during the Soviet era and independence of Belarus. He was thought to have been one of the founders of the contemporary Belarusian art.

Dantsig was the author of many paintings and drawings related to World War II and Soviet partisans including the "And the Saved World Remembers".

Dantsig died on March 26, 2017 in Minsk from heart failure caused by pneumonia, at the age of 86.


Parameter (computer science)

In computer science, parameters are stored names of information that we want to use for a subroutine. These pieces of information, called values, are then passed on to the subroutine to be used as arguments. Then these arguments can affect how the program will run.

Teodor Oizerman

Teodor Ilyich Oizerman (; 14 May 1914 – 25 March 2017) was a Soviet and Russian philosopher and academic.

Oizerman was born in a Jewish family. He was a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences from 1981 until his death. He received a doctorate, "honoris causa", from the University of Jena in 1979 and the USSR State Prize in 1983. In 1979 Oizerman was awarded the Plekhanov prize for the monograph "The Main Trends in Philosophy". He also served in the Anti-Zionist Committee of the Soviet Public.

Oizerman died on 25 March 2017 in Moscow of congestive heart failure at the age of 102.


Vladimir Kazachyonok

Vladimir Aleksandrovich Kazachyonok (; 6 September 1952 – 26 March 2017) was a Soviet football player and Russian coach. He was the academy director with FC Zenit Saint Petersburg until his death in 2017.

Kazachyonok made his debut for USSR on December 1, 1976 in a friendly against Brazil. He also played in a UEFA Euro 1980 qualifier against Finland.

Kazachyonok died on 26 March 2017 in Saint Petersburg, Russia from a suspected heart attack at the age of 64.


Jean Rouverol

Jean Rouverol (July 8, 1916 – March 24, 2017) was an American author, actress and screenwriter. She was blacklisted by the Hollywood movie studios in the 1950s. In 1943, Rouverol and her husband had joined the American Communist Party.

In the 1970s, Rouverol returned to writing. She scripted an episode of "Little House on the Prairie", and after publishing three books in three years, she was hired as co-head writer for the CBS soap opera "Guiding Light". Rouverol wrote scripts for "Search for Tomorrow" and "As the World Turns". 

For many years Rouverol lived with actor Cliff Carpenter, who was another former blacklisted performer for many years. Rouverol died on March 24, 2017 at her home in Wingdale, New York at the age of 100.

Great spotted woodpecker

The great spotted woodpecker ("Dendrocopos major") is a medium-sized woodpecker with black and white plumage and a red patch on the lower belly. Males and young birds also have red markings on the neck or head.

This species is found across Eurasia and parts of North Africa. It is usually resident, but in the north some migrate if the conifer cone crop fails.

Some individuals have recolonised Ireland and some have got to North America. Great spotted woodpeckers chisel into trees to find food or excavate nest holes, and also drum for contact and territorial advertisement. They have anatomical adaptations to manage the physical stresses from the hammering.

The bird occurs in all types of woodlands and eats a wide range of food. It gets seeds out of pine cones, insect larvae from inside trees, and chicks of other birds from their nests. It breeds in holes excavated in living or dead trees, unlined apart from wood chips. When the young fledge they are fed by the adults for about ten days.

Ferrous metal recycling

Metals containing iron are recycled, so the iron can be used again. Steel is the metal recycled the most. One way iron is recycled is by adding carbon, which can make steel.

Steel containers, cans, cars, appliances, and building materials are the most recycled things in the United States. In 2008, 97% of the amount of steel used to build things was recycled. More than the amount of steel used to make cars was recycled. Most appliances are about 75% steel.

Iron is recycled because it costs less to recycle it than to mine iron and make it usable.

Armistice of Villafranca

The armistice and preliminaries of Villafranca were signed on 11 July 1859 in Villafranca di Verona , in the Veneto , by France and Austria. It put an end to the Austro-Franco-Sardinian War which constitutes for Italy, the second Italian War of Independence.

After the difficult battles of Magenta (4 June) and Solferino (24 June), Napoleon III , without consulting his Sardinian ally Cavour , proposed the armistice on 8 July and an interview on 11 July with the Emperor of Austria François- Joseph I . Although victorious, Napoleon III was frightened by the hecatomb (nearly 40,000 killed or wounded at Solferino) and the idea of having to continue an autumn and winter campaign against the Austrians entrenched in the quadrilateral. Moreover, the government and the Empress send him alarming information about the state of French opinion, Which is execrable. In particular, the Catholics, hitherto supported by the imperial regime, fear for the Papal States and the Pope's independence if Austria were eliminated from Italy. Finally, an anti-French feeling spread in Germany, where the Austrians were supported. The number of Prussian deaths is nearly 400 000 soldiers near the Rhine, stripped of French troops.

In Villafranca, it is agreed that Austria cedes Lombardy (except Mantua and Peschiera) to France, which restores it to the kingdom of Piedmont-Sardinia. An Italian confederation under the presidency of Pope Pius IX was created, the Veneto under Austrian sovereignty being part of it. The dukes of Modena , Parma, and Tuscany, driven away by revolutions, found their thrones.

Cavour, not consulted, resigned on 10 July, while King Victor-Emmanuel II gave his agreement "in a personal capacity", thus leaving the door open to any governmental retraction.

These preliminaries were confirmed by the Treaty of Zurich of 11 November 1859.

Whatawhata

Whatawhata is a village in the region of Waikato, on the North Island of New Zealand. It had 2,475 people in 2013.

It lies on the eastern side of the Waipa River.

State Highways 23 and 39 cross each other at Whatawhata.

Il macigno

Il macigno (The Rock) is an Italian opera in two or three acts, music by Victor de Sabata and libretto by Alberto Colantuoni, It was first performed in Milan, on March 31, 1917. Then in 1935 in Turin, the work was renamed with the title changed to Driada, unfortunately the score disappeared in the fire bombing of the World War II in Milan in 1943, but remained a score for voice and piano, and the complete libretto.





Elbert Roest

Elbert Jan Roest (born October 13, 1954 in Hoogezand) is a Dutch politician of Democrats 66 (D66). He is also a historian and a former teacher.

He has started his political career in the municipality of Doesburg (province of Gelderland). In this city he was a councillor and an alderman, from 1992 to 2002.

Afterwards he became mayor in Laren (province of North Holland). Since September 2017 he has been mayor of Bloemendaal (also in North Holland).

Roest studied history at the University of Groningen, and worked several years as a history teacher. Furthermore he was involved in examination development, the so-called CITO.

He is a member of the European Association of History Educators (EUROCLIO), and participates in history writing about Balkan and former Soviet countries.


Neoplasm

A neoplasm is tissue that is growing where it should not be. If they become a mass, they become a tumour. Tumours are either malignant (harmful) or benign (safe). Cancer, for example is malignant and sometimes spreads to other places on the body. Some tumours have a cause that makes them grow. For some tumours no cause is known. A tumour usually forms as a lump or mass.

Tumours can occur in humans and animals. In humans, tumors can occur because the genetic code of cells is modified too much, causing affected cells to divide and expand uncontrollably. The Tasmanian Devils in Tasmania, Australia are in danger of becoming extinct because of a malignant tumour that grows on their face.

Lockheed P-3 Orion

The Lockheed P-3 Orion is a Lockheed made four engined aircraft with variations such as the P-3K, P-3C, P-3As and more. Mostly used as maritime patrol aircraft due to the probes located at the rear of the aircraft where the APU would be found on other aircraft. The aircraft runs on Rolls Royce Allison's T56-A-14 engine with Hamilton Standard 54H60-77 propeller.

Newton N. Minow

Newton Norman Minow (January 17, 1926 – May 6, 2023) was an American attorney and former Chair of the Federal Communications Commission. His speech calling to television as a "vast wasteland" is still used even as the speech has passed its 50th anniversary.

He was the Honorary Consul General of Singapore in Chicago.

Minow was active in Democratic party politics. He was an influential attorney in private practice concerning telecommunications law and was active in many nonprofit, civic, and educational institutions.

President Barack Obama named him a recipient of the Presidential Medal of Freedom for 2016.

Minow died from a heart attack at his home in Chicago, Illinois on May 6, 2023 at the age of 97.


Richard Garwin

Richard Lawrence Garwin (born April 19, 1928) is an American physicist. He is widely known to be the author of the first hydrogen bomb design.

Garwin was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He received his bachelor's degree from the Case Institute of Technology in 1947, and two years later his Ph.D. from the University of Chicago under the supervision of Enrico Fermi.

In 2016, President Barack Obama honored Garwin with a Presidential Medal of Freedom.


Hubert Hammerer

Hubert Hammerer (10 September 1925 – 24 March 2017) was an Austrian sports shooter. He competed at the 1960 and 1964 Olympics in five rifle events and won a gold medal in 300 m 3 positions in 1960. He was the Olympic flag bearer for Austria at the 1964 Games. 

Hammerer died in Vienna on 24 March 2017, aged 91.

Vasily Borisov

Vasily Fyodorovich Borisov (; 12 December 1922 – 21 August 2003) was a Soviet rifle shooter. 

He competed at the 1956 and 1960 Olympics in five individual events and won a gold, a silver and a bronze medal. 

Between 1954 and 1966 Borisov won more than 20 medals at the world championships. At the 1954 World Championships, Borisov and his teammate Anatoli Bogdanov won 13 medals each, cleansweeping most rifle events. 

He died in Moscow on 21 August 2003, at the age of 80.

Hans Rudolf Spillmann

Hans Rudolf "Hansrüdi" Spillman (born 7 January 1932) is a retired Swiss sports shooter. 

Spillman won silver medals in the rifle 300 m three positions event at the 1960 Olympics and 1962 World Championships.

Four the Record

Four the Record is the fourth studio album by Miranda Lambert. The album was released on November 1, 2011 through RCA Records Nashville.

Arun Sarma

Arun Sarma () (3 November 1931 – 27 March 2017) was an Indian writer. Sarma was one of India's contemporary playwrights and is known for his unconventional plays with some elements of drama. He also authored over six novels detailing the Assamese way of life.

Sarma was awarded the Padma Shri in 2010 in recognition of his contributions to Assamese literature. He has also been awarded the Sahitya Akademi Award in 1998 for the novel "Ashirbadar Rong" (The Hues of Blessing).

Ingeborg Rapoport

Ingeborg Rapoport (September 2, 1912 – March 23, 2017) was a German pediatrician. She was an important figure in East German medicine and, at age 102, the oldest person to receive a Doctorate degree.

Rapoport was born as Ingeborg Syllm in September 1912 to Protestant German parents in Kribi, Cameroon, a German colony at this time.

Rapoport studied medicine in Hamburg at the University of Hamburg in Nazi-Germany, but was denied a medical degree because her mother was Jewish. She fled Nazi persecution and immigrated to the United States in 1938, where she completed her education in medicine. 

In the early 1950s, as a result of an investigation of her and her husband for un-American activities, she left the United States and eventually, after staying in Vienna for a year, moved to the GDR (East Germany). She became the first chair of neonatology in whole Germany and retired in 1973. She was a member of the Socialist Unity Party of East Germany.

In East Germany, Rapoport received Habilitation in 1959. She was awarded the National Prize of East Germany as well as other awards. As a pediatrician, she helped to considerably reduce infant mortality in East Germany, which, during her active years was even lower than in West Germany.

In 2015, the Faculty of Medicine of Hamburg University corrected the injustice of the Nazi regime and awarded her a medical degree after an oral examination. She became the oldest person to receive a Doctorate degree at the age of 102.

Rapoport was married to Samuel Mitja Rapoport, whom she met in Cincinnati, Ohio. They had four children. Samuel died in 2004. She lived in Berlin. Rapoport turned 100 in September 2012.

Rapoport died on 23 March 2017 at her home in Berlin at the age of 104.

Roger Wilkins

Roger Wilkins (March 25, 1932 – March 26, 2017) was an African-American civil rights leader, professor of history, and journalist. He was a journalist for "The Crisis" and for a short time wrote for "The Washington Post". Between 1966 and 1969, Wilkins served as the United States Assistant Attorney General during the Lyndon B. Johnson presidency. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was a history professor at George Mason University. 

In the 1990s, Wilkins was an anti-apartheid activist and strong supporter of Nelson Mandela. He protested many times for Mandela's release in South Africa during that time period.

Wilkins was a political writer and was known for writing "" (2001).

Wilkins was born in Kansas City, Missouri. He was raised in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He studied at the University of Michigan. He was married to Patricia King until his death. They lived in Washington, D.C..

Wilkins died on March 26, 2017 in Kensington, Maryland from complications of dementia, aged 85.


David Storey

David Malcolm Storey (13 July 1933 – 27 March 2017) was an English playwright, screenwriter, award-winning novelist and a former professional rugby league player. He was known for writing "This Sporting Life" and for screenwriting movie version. He also wrote plays most notably: "Home" and "The Changing Room". Storey also wrote "Flight into Camden" and his 1976 Booker Prize-winning novel "Saville".

Storey was born in Wakefield, Yorkshire. He studied at Slade School of Fine Art. In 1956, Storey married Barbara Rudd Hamilton, with whom he had four children. Hamilton died in 2015.

Storey died on 27 March 2017 in London from Parkinson's disease and dementia, aged 83.


2017 Bulgarian parliamentary election

The 2017 Bulgarian parliamentary elections were held in Bulgaria on 26 March 2017. They were originally scheduled for 2018, but the previous political parties could not form a government. So early elections were called.

Before the elections, Boyko Borisov resigned from his prime minister position after the Bulgarian presidential election, 2016. 

In order for a political party to win seats, they must receive at least 4% of the popular vote.

The pro-European Union party, GERB, won the most seats. The Bulgarian Socialist Party gained the most seats, while the Reformist Bloc lost all of their 23 seats.

Below is the weekly average of opinion polls in 2017 towards the election. The dots at the end of the graph show the final results.

After the results, Boyko Borisov is expected to become prime minister again.

Penelope Lively

Dame Penelope Margaret Lively (born 17 March 1933) is an English writer of fiction for both children and adults. She has won both the Booker Prize ("Moon Tiger", 1987) and the Carnegie Medal for British children's books ("The Ghost of Thomas Kempe", 1973).

Lively is a Fellow of the Royal Society of Literature. She is also a Vice-President of the Friends of the British Library.


Carl Icahn

Carl Celian Icahn (born February 16, 1936) is an American business magnate, investor, activist shareholder, and philanthropist. He is the founder and majority shareholder of Icahn Enterprises, a diversified conglomerate holding company based in New York City, formerly known as American Real Estate Partners. Icahn is also Chairman of Federal-Mogul, an American developer of vehicle safety products.

Icahn was born in a Jewish family in New York City. He studied at Princeton University and at New York University.

In the 1980s Icahn became known as a "corporate raider" after profiting from the hostile takeover and asset stripping of the American airline TWA.

Icahn has held many controlling positions in many corporations, including RJR Nabisco, TWA, Texaco, Phillips Petroleum, Western Union, Gulf & Western, Viacom, Uniroyal, Dan River, Marshall Field's, E-II (Culligan and Samsonite), American Can, USX, Marvel Comics, Revlon, Imclone, Federal-Mogul, Fairmont Hotels, Blockbuster, Kerr-McGee, Time Warner, Netflix, Motorola, and Herbalife.

Icahn endorsed Donald Trump for the 2016 U.S. presidential election. Trump announced in October 2015 that he would nominate Icahn for Treasury Secretary if he were to be elected. However, this position went to Steve Mnuchin instead.

On December 21, 2016, it was announced that Icahn would serve as Special Advisor to the President on Regulatory Reform under President Donald Trump. Icahn stepped down from the role in August 2017.

From 1979 through 1999, Icahn was married to Liba Trejbal. In 1999, he married Gail Golden. He has two children including businessman Brett Icahn.


List of cabinets of the Netherlands

This is a list of Dutch cabinets after World War II.




Finery forge

A finery forge is a hearth (a brick fireplace) used to make wrought iron by burning pig iron. Finery forges were probably used in the 3rd century BC. In the 18th and 19th century it was replaced by the puddling process.
China made finery forges before 200 BC. Europe made finery forges around 1200 AD. Europe’s finery forges were worse than China’s until 1400 AD. Europe started powering their finery forges with water wheels. In 1700 AD, Europe made blast furnaces and started using puddling techniques

In Germany and Sweden most finery forges only had one fire used for everything.

Walloon finery forges were used in north Sweden and made oregrounds iron. Oregrounds iron was the best iron available in the 18th century.

Pig iron is melted, making a lump of iron called a bloom, and slag. The iron lump is then hit with a hammer many times. Hitting the iron with a hammer gets the slag out of the iron, so the iron can be used.

Cain

In the Book of Genesis (Bible, Old Testament), Cain is a son of Adam and Eve. He killed his brother Abel.

Cain and Abel both gave gifts to God. God liked Abel's gift more than Cain's. Cain became jealous of Abel. Later, Cain hit Abel in the head with a rock. Abel died. When God asked Cain where Abel was, Cain pretended he did not know. He said, "Am I my brother's keeper?"

God punished Cain by exile: He made Cain leave the place where he lived. He made Cain go away. He told Cain that if he tried to build a farm, the earth "would not yield up its strength." When Cain said he was afraid, God put a mark on him to protect him.

Cain went east and lived as a wanderer. Some scholars say that the story of Cain was told to explain why some humans build farms and stay in one place and others move from place to place.

Beowulf (2007 movie)

Beowulf is a 2007 American-British 3D motion-capture fantasy movie. Based off the epic poem, it stars Ray Winstone, Anthony Hopkins, Robin Wright, Brendan Gleeson, Crispin Glover, Angelina Jolie, John Malkovich and Alison Lohman. It was directed by Robert Zemeckis and released on November 16 2007, to financial success and positive critical reviews.

In the early Middle Ages, the court of King Hrothgar of Denmark (Anthony Hopkins), is plagued by the monster Grendel (Crispin Glover), who attacks the king's people when they celebrate. Hearing of the king's plight, the warrior Beowulf (Ray Winstone), travels to the kingdom with a band of his fellow Geatish warriors, including his friend Wiglaf (Brendan Gleeson), to slay the beast. When they arrive, Beowulf falls in love with the king's wife Queen Wealthow (Robin Wright), who reciprocates his affections.

The warriors celebrate in the king's mead hall Heorot in an attempt to lure Grendel out. When the monster attacks, Beowulf fights him nude and unarmed (it is revealed that he is invulnerable to man-made weapons). In the fight, Beowulf discovers Grendel has hypersensitive hearing, which is why he attacks Hrothgar's celebrations (the noise from the mead hall is painful to him). After his left eardrum is ruptured, Grendel shrinks in size and, while trying to escape, Beowulf restrains him and uses the door of the hall to sever the monster's arm. To thank him for defeating the monster, Hrothgar gives Beowulf his golden drinking horn, which commemorates his victory over the dragon Fafnir.

Grendel retreats to his cave and with his final breaths, he tells his mother (Angelina Jolie), what has happened to him and she swears revenge. She travels to Heorot and butchers Beowulf's soldiers while they sleep. Hrothgar informs Beowulf and Wiglaf, who were not sleeping in the hall when the attack took place, that this was the work of Grendel's mother; she is the last surviving member of the Water Demons, long thought to have left the land forever. The two travel to Grendel's cave to slay her. When Beowulf encounters her, she takes on the form of a beautiful young woman. She promises to make him the greatest king who has ever lived, in exchange for the drinking horn and a son who will replace Grendel.

Beowulf agrees to the deal and returns to Heorot, claiming that she has been slain by him. Hrothgar, however, realizes the truth and indirectly tells Beowulf that many years before, he was seduced by Grendel's mother, and Grendel was the product of their affair. Beowulf is then crowned King of the Danes, much to the dismay of Unferth (John Malkovich), Hrothgar's adviser. The king kills himself by jumping off the castle and on to the beach. His body is then washed away by the sea.

The years go by, and Beowulf and Wealthow are married. They have grown apart over the years and are husband and wife in name alone. Beowulf has taken a lover called Ursula (Alison Lohman), but is sterile after his affair with Grendel's mother. One day, Unferth's slave Cain finds the golden drinking horn in Grendel's lair and brings it back to the kingdom. That night, a dragon decimates a nearby town, but Unferth is spared to deliver a message to Beowulf; the beast is his illegitimate son with Grendel's mother. Removing the drinking horn has voided their agreement and Grendel's mother has sent the dragon to destroy his father's kingdom.

Arthur Blythe

Arthur Blythe (July 5, 1940 – March 27, 2017) was an American jazz alto saxophonist and composer. His voice had a vibrato and was within the post-bop sub-genre of jazz. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He performed under the label of Columbia, Enja, and Savant Records.

Blythe died of Parkinson's disease at his home in Los Angeles on March 27, 2017, aged 76.


Infanta Alicia, Duchess of Calabria

Infanta Alicia of Spain, Dowager Duchess of Calabria (née: "Princess of Bourbon-Parma"; given names: Alicia Maria Teresa Francesca Luisa Pia Anna Valeria; 13 November 1917 – 28 March 2017) was a daughter of Elias, Duke of Parma, and Archduchess Maria Anna of Austria. 

Alicia was Duchess of Calabria through her marriage to Infante Alfonso, Duke of Calabria (1901–1964). She bore the title of Infanta of Spain from 1936, and took part in some of the activities that the Spanish Royal Family organises. 

Alicia was born in Vienna, Austria-Hungary and died in Madrid, Spain.

Christine Kaufmann

Christine Maria Kaufmann (11 January 1945 – 28 March 2017) was a German-Austrian actress, author, and businesswoman. She won the Golden Globe Award for New Star of the Year – Actress in 1961, the first German to be so honoured.

Kaufmann was known for her roles in "The White Horse Inn" (1952), "Rose-Girl Resli" (1954), "The Last Days of Pompeii" (1959), "Town Without Pity" (1961) and in "Escape from East Berlin" (1962).

At age 18 in 1963, Kaufmann married Tony Curtis. They had two daughters, Alexandra and Allegra. The couple divorced in 1968.

Kaufmann was called the "most beautiful grandmother in Germany".

Kaufmann died on 28 March 2017 in Munich from leukemia at the age of 72.


William Macpherson

Sir William Macpherson of Cluny (William Alan Macpherson; 1 April 1926 – 14 February 2021) was a Scottish High Court judge. He served as the 27th Hereditary Chief of the Clan Macpherson. In the late 1990s, Macpherson led the public inquiry into the murder of Stephen Lawrence.

Macpherson was born in Blairgowrie, Perth and Kinross, Scotland. He studied at Summer Fields School, a preparatory school near Oxford. He later studied at Wellington College in Crowthorne and Trinity College, Oxford.

Macpherson died on 14 February 2021, aged 94.

Alaa Murabit

Alaa Murabit (born October 26, 1989) is a Canadian physician and leading international activist for peace processes. Murabit is an UN High-Level Commissioner on Health Employment and Economic Growth and one of only 17 Sustainable Development Goal Global Advocates appointed by the UN Secretary General.

Murabit is an Ashoka fellow, and the youngest recipient of the Marisa Bellisario International Humanitarian Award by the Italian Government, named the “International Trust Women Hero 2014” by The New York Times, “One of 25 women under 25 to watch” by Newsweek, a “100 Top Woman” by the BBC and the SAFE Global Hero.

Murabit’s TED Talk, released in July 2015, “What my religion really says about women” was selected as the TED Talk of the Day and one of four moving TED Talks you should watch right now by The New York Times.

Murabit received her Medical Doctorate in from the University of Zawiya in 2013. She went on to receive a Masters in International Strategy and Diplomacy with Distinction from the LSE in 2016 where her research focused on securitization processes, with a dissertation titled "White Man’s Burden: Disease, Security and the Stigmatisation of the Periphery".

In July, 2016 Alaa was selected as an MIT Director’s Fellow and in January, 2017 was named as a 2017 Forbes 30 Under 30 for her work in Healthcare. In March, 2017 she was appointed a Malala Fund board member.


William McPherson

William McPherson (March 16, 1933 – March 28, 2017) was an American writer and journalist. He is the author of two novels, "Testing the Current" and "To the Sargasso Sea", and many articles, essays, and book reviews. McPherson was awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Distinguished Criticism in 1977. He worked as a journalist for "The Washington Post" during his journalist career.

McPherson died at a medical center in Washington, D.C. on March 28, 2017 from complications of congestive heart failure and pneumonia, aged 84.


Janine Sutto

Janine Sutto (20 April 1921 – 28 March 2017) was a French-born Canadian actress. She was born in Paris, but raised in Montreal. In 1943, she was a founding member of the Théâtre de l'Equipe troupe and continued acting on stage through the early 1950s with Théâtre du Nouveau Monde.

Sutto was known for her roles in "Kamouraska", "Congorama", and in "Route 132".

Sutto died in Montreal on 28 March 2017.


Enn Vetemaa

Enn Vetemaa (June 20, 1936 – March 28, 2017) was an Estonian writer sometimes called as a "forgotten classic" as well as "the unofficial master of the Estonian Modernist short novel".

Vetemaa published "Small Novells" : Tiredness (Усталость) (1967), "Väike reekviem suupillile" (written in 1967, printed in 1968), "Munad hiina moodi" (English: "Chinese Eggs") (written – 1967–1969, printed – 1972). All together Vetemaa wrote ten "short novels" 

Vetemaa worked as a playwright. His play "Õhtusöök viiele" (Dinner for Five), first performed in 1972, and the comedy "Püha Susanna ehk Meistrite kool" ("Saint Susanna or the School of Masters"), first performed in 1974, showed Vetemaa’s sharp eye and witty lines; texts without which Estonian Theatre History would not be complete.

Vetemaa was born in Tallinn, Estonia. He died in Tallinn on March 28, 2017, aged 80.


Wim Schermerhorn

Willem "Wim" Schermerhorn (December 17, 1894 in Akersloot - March 10, 1977 in Haarlem) was a Dutch politician.

He was originally a member of the Free-thinking Democratic League (VDB) and later of the Labour Party (PvdA).

He was prime minister of the Netherlands from 1945 till 1946, a member of the Second Chamber from 1948 till 1951, and a member of the First Chamber from 1951 till 1965.

Schermerhorn studied civil engineering at Delft University of Technology, and was also a professor at this university.

During World War II he performed important resistance activities, and had been imprisoned as a hostage for some time.

Schermerhorn belonged to the Remonstrant Church. He died in 1977, aged 83.


Hroðgar

Hroðgar (Modern English: Hrothgar) is a character in the epic Beowulf. He is the king of Denmark and in the poem, his kingdom is under attack from the monster Grendel. When the warrior Beowulf arrives, he battles and slays the monster when he attacks the king's mead hall Heorot. After a night of celebrating, Grendel's mother attacks in retaliation for her son's death. Beowulf tracks her down to her lair and slays her, after which he returns to his native Geatland. Nothing is stated about Hrothgar after these events, but he presumably passes away.

Narcissus (mythology)

In Greek mythology, Narcissus was a beautiful hunter from Boetia. The most popular myth about him features him falling in love with his own reflection in a pool of water, which he stared at until he died. His name is the origin of the term narcissism, which means a fixation a person has with their own appearance.

Narcissism

Narcissism is a condition in which a person admires their own attributes through vanity or egotism. The term is derived from Narcissus, a figure from Greek mythology who fell in love with the sight of his own face.


Wiglaf

Wiglaf is a character in the epic poem Beowulf. He is the orphaned son of a warrior king who enters the service of Beowulf, who is now the king of the Geats. He assists the warrior king in his battle against a dragon which has attacked his kingdom. Beowulf is incapacitated, but Wiglaf comes to help him and eventually the dragon dies after it is stabbed (cut with a blade) in the throat. The old king is severely injured and asks to see the dragon's treasure. With his dying words, he crowns Wiglaf as his successor (as he does not have any biological children and all of his forebears have died). Beowulf is then burned in a Norse funeral and Wiglaf rules the kingdom.

Delft University of Technology

Delft University of Technology (Dutch: "Technische Universiteit Delft"), shortened to TU Delft, is a technical public university in Delft, a city in the province of South Holland, the Netherlands. It is the oldest and largest technical university in the Netherlands. It was established as a Royal Academy in 1842 to facilitate the education of civil engineers. It is the school that rapidly expanded its education curriculum and became a polytechnic school in 1864.

Later in 1905, it became an institute of technology, gaining full university rights. And, it got its current name in the year 1986. Further, in 2019, the university was ranked amongst the top 20 best universities for engineering and technology internationally and received the highest rank in the Netherlands.

With an area of around 161 hectares, the campus of the university is larger than Delft's city center and is considered one amongst the largest university campuses worldwide. It has about 21,000 students.

Eindhoven University of Technology

Eindhoven University of Technology (Dutch: "Technische Universiteit Eindhoven"), shortened to TU/e, is a technical public university in Eindhoven, a city in the province of North Brabant, the Netherlands.

Eindhoven University of Technology was established in 1956.

It has about 11,000 students.

Its focus is on technology.

University of Twente

University of Twente (Dutch: "Universiteit Twente"), shortened to UT, is a technical public university in Enschede, a city in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. It borders the municipality of Hengelo.

The University of Twente was established in 1961. 
It was called "Technical College of Twente" (Dutch: "Technische Hogeschool Twente") until 1986.

It has about 10,000 students.

Its focus is on technology and social sciences.

Lilian Janse-van der Weele

Lilian Janse-van der Weele (born 1973 in Flushing) is a Dutch politician.

She has been a member of the municipal council of Flushing ("Vlissingen" in Dutch) since 2014, and also the first female politician of the Reformed Political Party (SGP).


Bellac

Bellac () is a "commune" in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in western France. It is a subprefecture of the Haute-Vienne department. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of the same name.

The city of Bellac is near the "Monts de Blond" (some hills that are part of the Massif Central), in the northwest of the department. The Vincou river (a tributary of the Gartempe) flows through the city.

Bellac is at about from Limoges, from Poitiers, from Angoulême, from Bordeaux and from Paris.

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Bellac is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Bellac, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Bellac are known, in French, as " Bellachons" (women: "Bellachonnes"), or as "Bellacquais" (women: "Bellacquaises").

With a population of 4,117, Bellac has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Bellac

Bellac forms, with Peyrat-de-Bellac, the urban area of Bellac with a population of 5,281 inhabitants (2013) and an area of . This urban area is the centre of the metropolitan area of Bellac, formed by Bellac and Peyrat-de-Bellac, with a population of 5,281 inhabitants (2013) and an area of .

Bellac is a subprefecture of the Haute-Vienne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Bellac and the administrative centre () of the canton of Bellac, with 18,178 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Haut-Limousin en Marche" ().

Bellac is twinned with:



Alleanza Securitas Esperia

Alleanza Securitas Esperia, also known as Allsecures, was an Italian insurance company. It was formed in Rome in 1933 by Amedeo Natoli with a merger of Alleanza & Unione Mediterranea with Securitas Esperia, a part of the Assicurazioni Generali group. In 1965 it was the thirtieth Italian insurance company by total insurance premiums. It was merged into the AXA group in 1998.


Castilleja School

Castilleja is an all-girls school in Palo Alto, California. It was founded in 1907 by Mary Lockey.  Castilleja is the only non-religious all-girls middle and high school in theSan Francisco Bay Area. It goes from grades 6-12. Each grade has an average of 60 students. The school’s motto is “Women Learning. Women Leading.”

The schedule for the school rotates on a 5-day basis from Monday to Friday. Each class connects with a number. On any given day, there might be a different combination of numbers. The school day starts at 8:00 AM and 3:15 PM. Every Wednesday, there is something called Late Start. This means that the school day starts one hour later.

Every girl at Castilleja is required to wear a school uniform. There is a blue skirt or navy blue pants, and either a navy, red, or white polo. For the fitness class, the girls have to wear black shorts or leggings and a uniform shirt.

The girls learn multiple subjects in middle school. Middle school goes through 6th, 7th, and 8th grade. Every student learns a language. They can learn either Spanish, French, or Mandarin. They take Fitness and Wellness. They learn physical and mental lessons. The students also are required to take English, history, math, and science. Each subject class consists of 14-15 students and one or two teachers.

The high schoolers can take a variety of classes, available on a course catalog. Classes vary depending on the level. Students can take APs or regular level courses.

Castilleja

Castilleja, commonly known as Indian paintbrush or prairie-fire, is a genus of about 200 species of annual and perennial herbaceous plants native to the west of the Americas from Alaska south to the Andes, northern Asia, and one species as far west as the Kola Peninsula in northwestern Russia.

"Castilleja linariifolia" is the state flower of Wyoming.


Linda Nolan

Linda Nolan (born 23 February 1959) is an Irish singer and actress. She is known as a member of the girl group The Nolans in 1974, along with her sisters Anne, Denise, Maureen, Bernie and Coleen.

As a member of the Nolans, she toured with Frank Sinatra in 1975, had seven UK top 20 hits (1979–82) and won the Tokyo Music Festival in 1981.

On 7 July 2014, she claimed that she was sexually assaulted by Rolf Harris in 1975 while The Nolans were supporting Harris in a tour of South Africa.

In March 2017, Nolan accidentally collapsed and broke her hip at home. During examination of her broken hip, she was diagnosed with an "incurable" form of cancer near her hip.

Kim Wyman

Kim Wyman (born July 15, 1962) is an American politician. She is the 15th and current Secretary of State of Washington, having won in the 2012 and 2016 state elections. Between 2012 and 2016, she was the only Republican elected to statewide office on the West Coast. 

In March 2017, Wyman was diagnosed with an early form of colon cancer.


Armando Nieto

Armando Nieto Vélez (October 24, 1931 – March 27, 2017) was a jesuit priest and Peruvian historian. He was born in Lima, Peru.

Nieto was professor of the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru. He was ordained a priest by the Society of Jesus, in Frankfurt am Main Cathedral, on August 28, 1964. He was also the Director of the Peruvian Center of Studies Historic-Militar, Director of Riva Agüero Institute and President of National Academy of History.

Nieto died on March 27, 2017 in Lima from pneumonia, aged 85.


Andrew Mlangeni

Andrew Mokete Mlangeni (6 June 1925 – 21 July 2020) was a South African political activist and anti-Apartheid activist. Along with Nelson Mandela and others, he was held as part of the Rivonia Trial. He was sentenced to life at Robben Island. He was born in Soweto. After his release from prison, he served as a member of parliament for the ANC from 1994 to 1999.

Mlangeni died on 21 July 2020 at a military hospital in Pretoria from an intestinal blockage, aged 95.


Denis Goldberg

Denis Theodore Goldberg (11 April 1933 – 29 April 2020) was a South African social campaigner of Jewish descent. As a member of the South African Communist Party he was active in the struggle against apartheid and was imprisoned along with other key members of the anti-apartheid movement such as Nelson Mandela at Robben Island.

After the first non-racial elections in South Africa, Goldberg founded the development organisation Community H.E.A.R.T. in London in 1995 to help to improve the living standards of black South Africans. With the support of German friends, he established Community H.E.A.R.T. e.V. in Essen, Germany in 1996.

Goldberg returned to South Africa in 2002 and was appointed Special Adviser to MP Ronnie Kasrils, Minister of Water Affairs and Forestry until 2004. In 2010 he published his autobiography, "The Mission: A Life for Freedom in South Africa" (STE Publishers, Johannesburg).

Goldberg was diagnosed with stage-4 lung cancer in July 2019 while on a tour in Germany. He died from the disease in Cape Town on 29 April 2020, aged 87.


Louis Beel

Louis Joseph Maria Beel (April 12, 1902 in Roermond - February 11, 1977 in Utrecht) was a Dutch politician.

He was a member of the Roman-Catholic State Party (RKSP) and later on of its post-war successor the Catholic People's Party (KVP) (a predecessor of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA)).

Beel was prime minister from 1946 to 1948, and again from 1958 to 1959. He was also a government minister and a deputy prime minister. Both in 1946 and in 1948 he was a member of the Second Chamber for a short time.

He studied law at the Radboud University Nijmegen, and was also a professor in administrative law and public administration theory at the same university.

Beel was a Roman Catholic. He died in 1977, aged 74.


Plagues of Egypt

There were ten plagues in Egypt at the time of the Exodus:
They were:

Barend Biesheuvel

Barend Willem Biesheuvel (April 5, 1920 in Haarlemmerliede - April 29, 2001 in Haarlem) was a Dutch politician of the Anti-Revolutionary Party (ARP).

Biesheuvel was prime minister from 1971 to 1973. He was also a deputy prime minister, a government minister, a member-parliamentary leader of the Second Chamber and a member of the European Parliament.

He studied law at the Free University Amsterdam.

Biesheuvel was a Reformed Christian. He died in 2001, aged 81.


Free University Amsterdam

Free University Amsterdam (Dutch: "Vrije Universiteit Amsterdam"), shortened to VU, is a (Calvinist) public university in Amsterdam, a city in the province of North Holland, and also the capital city of the Netherlands.

Free University Amsterdam was established by Abraham Kuyper in 1880.

It has about 30,000 students.

Its focus is on all sorts of sciences.

Jelle Zijlstra

Jelle Zijlstra (Augustus 27, 1918 in Oosterbierum - December 23, 2001 in Wassenaar) was a Dutch economist and a politician of the Anti-Revolutionary Party (ARP).

Zijlstra studied economics at the Erasmus University Rotterdam and was a economics professor at the Free University Amsterdam.

He was prime minister from 1966 to 1967. He was also a government minister, a member-parliamentary leader of the Second Chamber and a member of the First Chamber.

After his political career he was president of De Nederlandsche Bank, the Dutch central bank.

Zijlstra was a Reformed Christian. He died in 2001, aged 83.


Ensign (rank)

Ensign is the lowest rank of a officer in the armed forces of some countries, normally in the infantry or navy.

Aad van Dulst

Arie-Jan "Aad" van Dulst (May 9, 1929 in Rotterdam - March 5, 2001 in Hoofddorp) was a Dutch politician of the Christian Historical Union (CHU) and its successor the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA).

He was a councillor in Hilversum and The Hague, and mayor of Tietjerksteradeel and Haarlemmermeer.

Van Dulst studied theology at Utrecht University.

He worked as a journalist for regional newspapers, at NRCV radio, and as a director.

Donald Harvey

Donald Harvey (April 15, 1952 – March 30, 2017) was an American serial killer. He claimed to have murdered 87 people, though official estimates are that he has from 37 to 57 victims. 

Harvey said he started out killing to "ease the pain" of patients. As time progressed, he began to enjoy it more and more and became a self-described "angel of death". Harvey was serving 28 life sentences at the Toledo Correctional Institution in Toledo, Ohio, having pleaded guilty to murder charges to avoid the death penalty. His inmate number was A199449.

On March 28, 2017, authorities reported that Harvey had been found in his cell severely beaten. He died on March 30, 2017.

He was killed by James D Elliot.


Paul Mitchell (American football)

Paul Anthony Mitchell (August 10, 1920 – March 11, 2017) was an American football defensive end and tackle. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. 

Mitchell played two seasons with the New York Yanks of the National Football League. He played college football at the University of Minnesota where he was an All-American. Mitchell also played in the All-America Football Conference for the Los Angeles Dons from 1946 to 1948, and for the New York Yankees from 1948 to 1950.

Mitchell died in Palos Verdes Peninsula, California on March 11, 2017 at the age of 96.

Ken Sparks

Ken Sparks (February 25, 1944 – March 29, 2017) was an American football coach and player. He was born in Knoxville, Tennessee. 

Sparks served as the head football coach at Carson–Newman University in Jefferson City, Tennessee from 1980 until his retirement at the end of the 2016 season. He was the record-holder for the most wins as a coach in NCAA Division II history. He won five NAIA Championships (1983–1984, 1986, 1988–1989). He retired on November 2016.

Sparks died March 29, 2017 in Knoxville from prostate cancer, aged 73.


Vitaly Ginzburg

Vitaly Lazarevich Ginzburg, (; October 4, 1916 – November 8, 2009) was a Soviet and Russian theoretical physicist, astrophysicist, and winner of the 2003 Nobel Prize in Physics. He was of Jewish descent.

Ginzburg was a member of the Soviet and Russian Academies of Sciences and one of the fathers of the Soviet hydrogen bomb. He was the successor to Igor Tamm as head of the Department of Theoretical Physics of the Lebedev Physical Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences (FIAN), and an outspoken atheist.

Ginzburg died in Moscow on November 8, 2009 from cardiac arrest, aged 93.


Alexei Alexeyevich Abrikosov

Alexei Alexeyevich Abrikosov (; June 25, 1928 – March 29, 2017) was a Russian and American theoretical physicist. His works were in the field of condensed matter physics.

Abrikosov was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2003 for his study on superconductor and superfluidity.

He was of Jewish descent.

Darlene Cates

Darlene Cates (Rita Darlene Guthrie; December 13, 1947 – March 26, 2017) was an American actress. She played the obese housebound mother in the 1993 movie "What's Eating Gilbert Grape". Cates died of a heart attack on March 26, 2017.

Toše Proeski

Todor "Toše" Proeski (25 January 1981 – 16 October 2007) was a Macedonian multi-genre singer, songwriter and actor. He was popular across the entire Balkan area and was considered a top act of the local Macedonian music scene. He was dubbed "Elvis Presley of the Balkans" by BBC News. He died in a car crash on Zagreb–Lipovac A3 highway, near Nova Gradiška in Croatia at the age of 26.

Victor Marijnen

Victor Gerard Marie "Vic" Marijnen (February 21, 1917 in Arnhem - April 5, 1975 in The Hague) was a Dutch politician of the Catholic People's Party (KVP).

Marijnen studied law at Radboud University Nijmegen. He worked at the trade and agricultural departments, and was secretary of Catholic employers' organizations.

From 1959 to 1963 he was government minister of Agriculture and Fishery. From 1963 to 1965 he prime minister of the so-called Marijnen cabinet. From 1965 to 1966 he was an MP. From 1968 till his death he was mayor of The Hague.

Marijnen was a Roman Catholic. He died in 1975, aged 58.


Jan de Quay

Jan Eduard de Quay (August 26, 1901 in 's-Hertogenbosch – July 4, 1985 in Beers) was a Dutch politician of the Catholic People's Party (KVP).

De Quay studied psychology at Utrecht University and was a professor at Tilburg University.

During the beginning of World War II - from 1940 to 1941 - he was one of the three leaders of the Dutch Union ("Nederlandsche Unie"). This political movement wanted to unite the Dutch people considering the changed situation due to the German occupation. In December 1941 the Dutch Union was forbidden by the Germans.

From mid 1942 to mid 1943 the German occupier imprisoned him in Kamp Sint-Michielsgestel. Afterwards he went in hiding in the south of the Netherlands till the liberation of that part of the country in 1944.

Around the end of the war he was defense minister for a couple of months. Because of his wartime activities (prime) minister Willem Drees didn't want him to include in his cabinets.

Because of this he was queen's commissioner of the province of North Brabant from 1946 to 1959.

In 1959 he returned to national politics as prime minister of the De Quay cabinet. It consisted of the three Christian parties (Anti-Revolutionary Party, Catholic People's Party and Christian Historical Union) and the conservative liberal People's Party for Freedom and Democracy. The cabinet lasted till 1963.

Three years later, he became transport and water management minister and also deputy prime minister in the Zijlstra cabinet. This government lasted only a year.

In the meantime he was a senator (1963-1966) and also afterwards (1967-1969).

De Quay was a Roman Catholic. He died in 1985, aged 83.


Jo Cals

Jozef Maria Laurens Theo "Jo" Cals (July 18, 1914 in Roermond - December 30, 1971 in The Hague) was a Dutch politician of the Catholic People's Party (KVP).

Cals studied law at Radboud University Nijmegen. He worked several years as a lawyer and attorney, at the university mentioned before and also as a school teacher.

As a councillor of Nijmegen he entered politics in 1945. Three years later he became an MP. He exercised this position till 1948, and again from 1963 to 1965. In between, he was (deputy) government minister of Education, Arts and Sciences. In 1965 he became prime minister of the so-called Cals cabinet, consisting of his own Catholic People's Party, the Anti-Revolutionairy Party (ARP) and the Labour Party (PvdA). A motion of fellow party member Norbert Schmelzer led to the end of his cabinet in 1966.

Cals was a Roman Catholic. He died in 1971, aged 57.


Deaths in April 2017

The following is a list of notable deaths in April 2017. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.


































Piroska Oszoli

Piroska Oszoli (21 January 1919 – 22 March 2017) was a Hungarian painter, is known as "The lover of the Danube and the beautiness". She was born and also dead in Dunaföldvár, Hungary. She made especially as applied to plein-air landscape painting.

Her master as an amateur artist was the famous Transylvanian painter Ferenc Doór (1918–2015). After teaching she became a pensioner, and started her painting as an individual artist. 

Oszoli worked all around her village and neighborhood, after in Hungary, at Balaton. She painted natural surroundings in Italy, Croatia, Germany and Norway. Her paintings are present from Austria to New Zealand.

Oszoli died on 22 March 2017 in Dunaföldvár, aged 98. 


Louis Feldman

Louis Harry Feldman (October 29, 1926 – March 25, 2017) was an American professor of classics and literature. He was born in Hartford, Connecticut, and studied at Trinity College. He was the Abraham Wouk Family Professor of Classics and Literature at Yeshiva University, the institution at which he taught since 1955.

Feldman was a scholar of Hellenistic civilization, specifically the works of Josephus Flavius. Feldman's work on Josephus was widely respected by other scholars.


All for You (Janet Jackson song)

"All for You" is a song recorded by American singer Janet Jackson. It is from her album, also called "All for You". The song was released in 2001. It became her tenth number-one song in the United States. It also reached number one in Canada and the top three in France and the United Kingdom. It reached the top ten in several other countries. It finished as the number-three song of 2001 in the United States.

The song samples the 1980 song "The Glow of Love" by the soul group Change.

The song shows Jackson dancing in a train station and in a city with a group of dancers.

Marilyn McCord Adams

Marilyn McCord Adams (October 12, 1943 – March 22, 2017) was an American philosopher and priest of the Episcopal Church. She specialized in philosophy of religion, philosophical theology and medieval philosophy.

Adams is known for writing her 1999 persuasive narrative "Horrendous Evils and the Goodness of God".

Adams was born on October 12, 1943 in the United States. She studied at University of Illinois, at Cornell University, at Princeton Theological Seminary and at Oxford University. She married philosopher Robert Merrihew Adams from 1966 until her death in 2017. 

Adams died on March 22, 2017 in Princeton, New Jersey from cancer, aged 73.


Robert Merrihew Adams

Robert Merrihew Adams (born September 8, 1937), known to intimates as "Bob", is an American analytic philosopher of metaphysics, religion and morality.

As a historical scholar, Adams has published on the work of the philosophers Søren Kierkegaard and Leibniz. His work in the philosophy of religion includes influential essays on the problem of evil and the relation between theism and ethics.

Adams was married to philosopher Marilyn McCord from 1966 until her death in 2017. 


Monty Davidson

Montgomery Bryden "Monty" Davidson (23 October 1935 – 26 March 2017) was Canadian politician. He served as a New Democratic member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario for the riding of Cambridge from 1975 until 1981. 

Davidson died at his home in Cambridge, Ontario on 26 March 2017, aged 81.


Richard Bustillo

Richard S Bustillo (January 28, 1942 – March 30, 2017) was an American martial arts instructor. He was a student of the late Bruce Lee and an authority on Jeet Kune Do Concepts and Filipino Martial Arts.

Bustillo was born to a Filipino family at a YMCA center in Oahu, Hawaii. 

Bustillo taught Jeet Kune Do, Filipino martial arts, Boxing, Muay Thai, wrestling, mixed martial arts and other arts at his Torrance, California school, the IMB Academy. 

Bustillo died on March 30, 2017 in Torrance, California, aged 75.


Halit Akçatepe

Halit Akçatepe (1 January 1938 – 31 March 2017) was a Turkish actor.

Akçatepe was born in Üsküdar, Turkey. He was the son of Sitki Akçatepe. He studied at Saint Benoit French High School.

In 1943, he made his debut in the movie "Dertli Pınar" at the age of 5 and made more appearances in other movies in some child roles. In 1956. he joined the army and stayed there for less than 2 years before returning to acting.

Akçatepe became a household name for his parts in "Ah Nerede Vah Nerede" in 1960 and the movies "Yasak", "Gündoğarken" and "Semaya baktım Seni Gördüm" in 1963. In 1975, he acted in "Hababam Sınıfı" and then later its sequels " Hababam Sınıfı Sınıfta Kaldı", "Hababam Sınıfı Dokuz Doğuruyor" and "Hababam Sınıfı Tatilde".

In 2011, he received the Golden Orange Life Achievement Award.

Akçatepe died in Istanbul, Turkey on 31 March 2017 from a heart attack, aged 79.

Gilbert Baker (artist)

Gilbert Baker (June 2, 1951 – March 31, 2017) was an openly gay American artist and civil rights activist. He designed the rainbow flag in 1978. Baker's flag became widely known with LGBT rights causes, a symbol of pride that became extremely used and well referenced in the decades since its debut.

Baker died on March 31, 2017 in his sleep at his home in New York City at the age of 65. He suffered a stroke a few years before his death and was suffering from stroke-complications at the time of his death.


Mike Hall (cyclist)

Michael Richard Hall (4 June 1981 – 31 March 2017) was a British cyclist and race organizer. He specialized in self-supported ultra-distance races.

In 2012, he won the inaugural World Cycle Race. In 2013 and 2016, he won the Tour Divide ultra-endurance mountain bike race across the Rocky Mountains in Canada and the United States. In 2014, he won the inaugural Trans Am Bike Race, a road-based event from the Pacific coast to the Atlantic coast in the United States.

From 2013, he was the principal organizer of the Transcontinental Race, an event similar to the TransAm Bicycle Race, but that traverses Europe. He died after being struck by a car while racing in the inaugural Indian Pacific Wheel Race.

Hall was killed in a car accident on 31 March 2017 in ACT, Australia, aged 35.

Henry Plumb, Baron Plumb

Charles Henry Plumb, Baron Plumb, DL (27 March 1925 – 15 April 2022) was a British farmer turned politician. He was the leader of the National Farmers Union.

Plumb later became active in the Conservative Party and was elected as a Member of the European Parliament. He served as an MEP from 1979 to 1999, serving as President of the European Parliament from 1987 to 1989, the only Briton to hold the post.

Plumb was made a Life peer as Baron Plumb, of Coleshill in the County of Warwickshire on 6 April 1987. He was also Chancellor of Coventry University between 1995 and 2007 and a founder of leading EU lobbying law firm Alber & Geiger.

Plumb died on 15 April 2022, aged 97.

Andreas Kaplan

Andreas Kaplan (born October 5, 1977), Professor of Marketing, is the Dean of ESCP Business School in Berlin and Paris. He is specialized in the areas of social media, viral marketing, and the digital world in general.

Kaplan was born on October 5, 1977 and grew up in Munich, Germany. His mother is Anneliese Kaplan and his father Vincenc Kaplan.

Kaplan holds a Master of Public Administration from the École Nationale d'Administration, an MSc from ESCP Business School, and a BSc from the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich. He completed his Habilitation at the Sorbonne and his Ph.D. at the University of Cologne and HEC Paris.

Kaplan is an executive education advisory board member at Kozminski University.

Kaplan’s research mainly deals with analyzing and decrypting the digital sphere. With approximately 30 000 citations on Google Scholar, Professor Kaplan was counted amongst the Top 50 Business and Management authors in the world according to John Wiley & Sons. In 2020, Andreas Kaplan ranked in Stanford study of the world's top 2% of scientists.

In particular his 2010 article "Users of the world, unite! The challenges and opportunities of social media" published in "Business Horizons" is widely cited and known in the field. This seminal article recurrently achieved first place in Science Direct's annual list of the 25 most downloaded publications across all 24 core subject areas covered in Science Direct and thus was downloaded more often than any other of the approximately 13.4 million papers in the collection. 



Linstead

Linstead is a town in Saint Catherine Parish, Jamaica.

It had about 14,000 people in 1991.

Colón, Panama

Colón is a port city at the Caribbean Sea in Panama.

It had about 78,000 people in 2010.

Gösta Ekman

Hans Gösta Gustaf Ekman (28 July 1939 – 1 April 2017) was a Swedish actor. He was best known for his roles in "Martin Beck" and "Jönssonligan" movies. He began acting in the 1950s.

Ekman was born in Stockholm. His father and grandfather were also actors. He was married three times.

Ekman died on 1 April 2017 in Stockholm, at the age of 77.

Clinton Family Portrait

Clinton Family Portrait is an oil painting by American artist Larry D. Alexander. Alexander, who is from the state of Arkansas, painted this portrait in 1995 and gave it as a gift to then U.S. President Bill Clinton who is also from Arkansas. It is now a part of the permanent collection at the Clinton Presidential Library in Little Rock, Arkansas.The painting was inspired from a childhood memory of a talk Alexander once had with some childhood friends about doing a painting of the first president to be elected from Arkansas, something that they didn’t think would happen any time soon.It was painted in Irving, Texas in early 1995 and was shipped to the White House early in that same year.


Belgian chocolate

Belgian Chocolate is a type of chocolate produced in the country of Belgium. 220,000 tons of Belgian chocolate is produced annually.

One of the types of chocolate there is its chocolate pralines which were first made by the chocolatier Neuhaus (chocolatier).

Adam Weishaupt

Nana Addo (6th February 1748-18th November 1830) was a German philosopher influenced by the ideas of the Age of Enlightenment. During his life, he was also influenced by the ideas of Liberalism. He was a Freemason, and liked the ideas of Deism and Republicanism. He also started the short-lived secret society called Illuminati.

Weishaupt studied history, law, political science and philosophy in Ingolstadt, In 1768, he got his Doctorate in philosophy. In 1772 he became a professor for law, with a specialization in church law.

Mild cognitive impairment

Mild cognitive impairment (often shortened to MCI) is a medical condition affecting the brain. People suffering from it have problems remembering things. It is normal, that with age, people become more forgetful. People with mild cognitive impairment forget more than is common for their age and education. In general, this does not pose a problem in everyday life. Mild cognitive impairment can occur as one of the first symptoms of dementia or Alzheimer's disease. The exact cause of MCI is unknown. There is no special treatment for MCI.

Vysokovsky Graduate School of Urbanism

Vysokovsky Graduate School of Urbanism () It is an academic unit in the Higher School of Economics in Moscow, Russia. Founded in 2011. the school is also published Magazine called: Urban Studies and Practices Journal.



Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman

Universiti Tunku Abdul Rahman or UTAR (Simplified Chinese: 拉曼大学; traditional Chinese: 拉曼大學; pinyin: Lā Màn Dà Xué) is a prestigious private university in Malaysia. It was established in 2002.

UTAR is ranked top 100 in Times Higher Education Asia University Rankings 2018 and top 600 in Times Higher Education World University Rankings 2021, which is 2nd in Malaysia.


The World Federation of Great Towers

The World Federation of Great Towers (WFGT) Is an international association headquartered in Melbourne, Australia. It is made up of management bodies of high-rise towers, provided that they are open to the public and that they constitute a tourist attraction. It aims at exchanging information to improve their management, sharing experiences, and organizing their international promotion. Joining the association costs $2,000 a year. The 25 participating towers would receive 20 million visitors annually. The list of members is far from exhausting those of high-rise towers open to the public. In addition, some members have left the federation.


Moto GP on BBC

Moto GP on BBC was a presentation of Moto GP produced by BBC Sports. Races are aired on BBC One, BBC Two, BBC Three or BBC HD and streamed live on BBC Red Button.

In March 2003, BBC signed a two year deal to broadcast Moto GP races with Suzi Perry hosting all races while most rounds were shown on Sunday Grandstand or on Grandstand if it was a Saturday race. For 2003, Exclusive live coverage was on Eurosport and BBC chose to broadcast four races live (Britain, Pacific, Australia and Valencia.) with their own commentary team for Britain, Australia and Valencia of Charlie Cox and Steve Parrish, using the world feed commentary in the other races of Nick Harris and Matt Roberts with Gavin Emmett in the pits. Delayed coverage was used in the remaining twelve races (Japan, South Africa, Spain, France, Italy, Catalan, Dutch TT, Germany, Czech Republic, Pourtugal, Rio de Janeiro and Malaysia.) All races were shown on BBC Two during the 2003 season. 

In 2004, Cox and Parrish commentated full time with twelve live races (South Africa, Spain, France, Italy, Catalan, Britain, Czech Republic, Pourtugal, Japan, Qatar, Australia and Valencia) and with delayed coverage was used in the remaining four races (Dutch TT, Germany, Rio de Janeiro and Malaysia.) Most races were shown on BBC Two during the 2004 season, Only Qatar was shown on BBC One because it was a Saturday race.

Gavin Emmett joined as pit reporter in 2005 and the BBC had ten live races (Spain, France, Italy, Catalan, Britain, Germany, Czech Republic, Qatar, Turkish and Valencia) and with delayed coverage was used in the remaining seven races (Pourtugal, Chinese, Dutch TT, United States, Japan, Australia and Malaysia.) Most races were shown on BBC Two during the 2005 season, Only Qatar was shown on BBC One because it was a Saturday race. 

In 2006 All races were shown live with five races (Chinese, United States, Japan, Australia and Malaysia.) on the BBC Red Button while all the rounds were on BBC Two including re runs from the early morning races. Grandstand got written out by the BBC before the 2007 Moto GP season started.

Reflex angle

The reflex angle is the largest type of angle. It is more than 180° but less than 360°. 

Ben-Gurion International Airport Garden

Ben-Gurion International Airport Garden is a public garden. It is located in Terminal 3 of Ben-Gurion International Airport and opened in 2004. 

The garden was designed by the architect Shlomo Aronson and was lead by the architect Ram Karmi. The garden is symbolised the view of the Land of Israel and the plants of Israel. in 2005 the Ben-Gurion Airport Central Garden won an Award of Honor in the Professional General Design Category from the American Society of Landscape Architects.

Tulip breaking virus

Tulip breaking virus is one of five plant viruses that cause both tulips and lilies to have a different petal color effect, such as stripes or flames on an otherwise single color flower. "Tulip breaking virus" is in the same virus group as "Tulip top-breaking virus (TTBV), Tulip bandbreaking virus (TBBV), Rembrandt tulip-breaking virus (ReTBV)" and "Lily mottle virus (LMoV)" but they are all considered different viruses. "Tulip breaking virus" can come in two forms: Severe tulip breaking virus and mild tulip breaking virus. Severe tulip breaking virus can cause light colors to appear on tulips, whereas mild tulip breaking virus tends to cause darker colors to appear.

"Tulip breaking virus" infects the bulb of the tulip or lily and changes the color of the petals. This change depends on the strain of the virus, the type of plant and the age of the plant when it gets infected. "Tulip breaking virus" causes differences in the pigments in the flowers, which in turn changes the colors. 

In lilies, it takes two weeks after infection to see a change in petal color and then changes the shape of the leaves and flowers.

In all forms, the virus harms the bulb and makes it more difficult for the plant to sprout again year after year. Eventually, the bulb is unable to flower again, which is why rare color broken bulbs from the past are no longer in existence.

"Tulip breaking virus" used to be considered the earliest recorded virus, but now it is considered the second earliest, virus-induced leaf chlorosis being the first in 752 AD. 

The first time "tulip breaking virus" was described was in 1576 by Carolus Clusius, a Flemish professor of botany. He called it "rectification" because he believed that the color changes were the plant trying to purify or "rectify" itself. Clusius also noticed the harm done to the bulb by the virus, but did not know that a virus was causing it. In fact, it took until a decade after World War I for scientists to figure out that a plant virus was the culprit for the color changes. This was considered quite late because plant viruses themselves were known to scientists since 1897. 

Before it was known that a virus caused the color changes, it was thought that environmental factors, such as soil, fertilizer or bulb storage, or chronic disorders were to blame. 

The virus was discovered by Dorothy Cayley at the John Innes Horticultural Institution in Norfolk, England. She experimented by transferring parts of an infected bulb to a non-infected bulb and seeing if it remained a solid color, or became "broken" in color. She concluded that even transferring minute amounts lead to infection in a healthy bulb.

The virus was then proven to be transferred by at least four species of aphids. The virus is picked up and lives in the aphid's mouths and is then transferred to another plant when the aphid feeds.

In the 1960s it was finally proven that "tulip breaking virus" was indeed a virus, and today its genetic code has been partially sequenced. 

It is very difficult to control the spread of "tulip breaking virus". It is found world-wide and is very common in southern Europe because of the abundant aphid population. Aphid transmission causes millions of dollars of damage, but mineral oils and pyrethroids are used to combat the pests. 

After an experiment was done looking at populations of aphids and time of year, it was concluded that "tulip breaking virus" transmission starts in April, even though the majority of aphids were not found until May.

The United States, Great Britain and other countries do not allow the sale of infected bulbs, in order to restrict the virus. 

Most tulips today are bred to have stripes, rather than being infected. However, many tulip enthusiasts dislike the bred tulips and prefer the virus infected plants. There are only a few truly "broken" older plants, alive today only because the virus has not completely stunted the growth. An example of this is "Absalon" from 1780 which has gold flames against a dark brown background.

Currently, optical sensors are used to detect "tulip breaking virus". Recent research looked at the different types of optical sensors and concluded that spectral cameras may be the best type for specifically finding "tulip breaking virus", however it was only a bit more accurate than an expert's visual assessment. Other types of optical sensors considered in the experiment were color cameras, but they were not as effective as spectral cameras nor visual assessment by experts.

Yevgeny Yevtushenko

Yevgeny Aleksandrovich Yevtushenko (18 July 1932 – 1 April 2017) was a Soviet and Russian poet. He was also a novelist, essayist, dramatist, screenwriter, publisher, actor, editor and director of several movies. 

In 1961, he wrote a poem "Babi Yar" describing mass murder of the Holocaust at Babi Yar during World War II.

Yevtushenko died of heart failure after having kidney surgery at a hospital in Tulsa, Oklahoma on 1 April 2017, aged 84.


Gary Austin

Gary Austin (October 18, 1941 – April 1, 2017) was an American improvisational theatre teacher, writer, and director. He wrote two solo shows, "Church" and "Oil," and performed them coast to coast. His most recent show was "Gary Austin in Word And Song". He directed the improvisational group The Groundlings. 

Austin was born in Duncan, Oklahoma. He was raised in Dallas, Texas and in Santa Fe Springs, California. He studied at San Francisco State University. was married to Wenndy MacKenzie from 1990 until he died in 2017. They had one son together.

Austin died on April 1, 2017 of cancer in Los Angeles, California, at the age of 75.


Richard Nelson Bolles

Richard Nelson Bolles (March 19, 1927 – March 31, 2017) was an American Episcopal clergyman and writer. He was known for being the author of the best-selling job-hunting book, "What Color is Your Parachute?". 

Bolles was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin. He studied at Harvard University. Bolles died on March 31, 2017 in Danville, California, aged 90.

Elizabeth Wagele

Elizabeth Wagele (May 31, 1939 – March 27, 2017) was an American artist, musician, and writer of books on the Enneagram of Personality and the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI).

Wagele was born in Salt Lake City, Utah. She was raised in Berkeley, California. She studied at the University of California, Berkeley. Wagele was married to Gus Wagele until her death in 2017.

Wagele was one of the best-selling authors on the subject of the Enneagram and wrote about the Myers-Briggs system, especially introversion. An award-winning cartoonist, she also illustrated her books with many cartoons and was known for her humor in her writing.

Wagele died of neuroendocrine cancer at her home in Berkeley, California on March 27, 2017, aged 77.

James Rosenquist

James Rosenquist (November 29, 1933 – March 31, 2017) was an American artist. He was one of the protagonists in the pop-art movement. Rosenquist was a 2001 inductee into the Florida Artists Hall of Fame.

Rosenquist said the following about his involvement in the Pop Art movement: "They [art critics] called me a Pop artist because I used recognizable imagery. The critics like to group people together. I didn't meet Andy Warhol until 1964. I did not really know Andy or Roy Lichtenstein that well. We all emerged separately."

Rosenquist died at his home in New York City on March 31, 2017 at the age of 83 after a long illness.

Radley Metzger

Radley Metzger (also known as Radley Henry Metzger and by the pseudonyms, "Jake Barnes" and "Henry Paris" (born January 21, 1929; died March 31, 2017) was an American pioneering filmmaker and .

Metzger was known for directing popular , , including "" (1969), "" (1974), "" (1970), "" (1975) and "" (1976). According to one , Metzger's films, including those made during the , are noted for their "lavish design, witty screenplays, and a for the unusual ". Another reviewer noted that his films were "highly artistic — and often cerebral ... and often featured gorgeous cinematography".

Film and audio works by Metzger have been added to the permanent collection of the Museum of Modern Art (MoMA) in New York City.

On March 31, 2017, Metzger died at the age of 88 in New York City.

Darcus Howe

Darcus Howe (26 February 1943 – 1 April 2017) was a British broadcaster, writer, and civil liberties campaigner.

He was an editor of "Race Today", and chair of the Notting Hill Carnival. He was best known in the UK for his "Black on Black" series on Channel 4; his affairs programme, "Devil's Advocate"; and his work with Tariq Ali on "Bandung File".

Howe died in Streatham, London on 1 April 2017 from complications of prostate cancer, aged 74.


Kenneth J. Donnelly

Kenneth Joseph "Ken" Donnelly (July 15, 1950 – April 2, 2017) was an American politician. He served as a member of the Massachusetts State Senate from 2009 until his death in 2017. He represented the Fourth Middlesex district. He was a Democrat. 

Donnelly was born in Arlington, Massachusetts in 1950. He graduated from the University of Massachusetts Amherst with a BA in Labor Studies. He was a retired lieutenant with the Lexington Fire Department in Lexington, Massachusetts.

Donnelly died on April 2, 2017 in Arlington, Massachusetts from complications of a brain tumor, aged 66.


Hans Alfredson

Hans Folke "Hasse" Alfredson (28 June 1931 – 10 September 2017) was a Swedish actor, movie director, writer and comedian. He was born in Malmö, Sweden. He is known for his works with Tage Danielsson as the duo Hasse & Tage.

Alfredson's 1985 movie "False as Water" won the award for Best Director at the 21st Guldbagge Awards.

It (2017 movie)

It (also known as It: Chapter One) is a 2017 American supernatural horror movie based Stephen King's 1986 novel of the same name and directed by Andy Muschietti, produced by KatzSmith Productions, Lin Pictures, and Vertigo Entertainment, and distributed by Warner Bros. and New Line Cinema

"It" is the highest-grossing horror movie in history with $677.6 million in the box office, beating "The Sixth Sense" with $672.8 million.

"It" is the first installment in a planned duology, as well as being the second adaptation following Tommy Lee Wallace's "It" (1990) miniseries.

In June 2016, Bill Skarsgård was cast as the villain Pennywise the Dancing Clown after another actor, Will Poulter, dropped out due to other projects.

The movie tells the story of seven children in Detroit, Michigan who are terrorized by Pennywise the Clown, only to face their own personal demons in the process.

"It" was released on September 8, 2017 in the United States. The movie made $13.5 million from Thursday night previews, setting the record for highest amount by both an R-rated (beating "Deadpool"s $12.6 million) and a horror movie.

The movie was released to positive reviews and has an 86% on Rotten Tomatoes based on 203 reviews, with an average rating of 7.2/10. The site's critical consensus reads, "Well-acted and fiendishly frightening with an emotionally affecting story at its core, "It" amplifies the horror in Stephen King's classic story without losing touch with its heart."

A sequel, "It – Chapter Two", was released in 2019.


Naz Male Health Alliance

The Naz Male Health Alliance (NMHA), founded in Pakistan in 2011, is a non-governmental organization providing technical, financial, and institutional support for improving the sexual health, welfare and human rights of the country's LGBT community. It is the first and only LGBT community-based organisation in Pakistan of its kind. 

The Alliance provides support and guidance to groups and organisations offering direct services to the community. Health services include HIV/AIDS treatment and contraceptive information and distribution. 

Sexual health

A WHO working definition for sexual health is that it "is a state of physical, emotional, mental and social well-being in relation to sexuality; it is not merely the absence of disease, dysfunction or infirmity. Sexual health requires a positive and respectful approach to sexuality and sexual relationships, as well as the possibility of having pleasurable and safe sexual experiences, free of coercion, discrimination and violence. For sexual health to be attained and maintained, the sexual rights of all persons must be respected, protected and fulfilled." However, while used by WHO as well as other organizations, this is not an official WHO position, and should not be used or quoted as a WHO definition.


George Benson

George Benson (born March 22, 1943) is an American singer, songwriter and guitarist. He began his professional music career at age 21 as a jazz guitarist. He uses a rest-stroke picking technique.

Benson began as a child prodigy. He first came into being familiar in the 1960s. He played soul jazz with other singers. He later launched a successful solo career. He alternates between jazz, pop, R&B singing and scat singing.

Benson's album "Breezin" was a triple platinum studio album. It hit #1 on the "Billboard" album chart in 1976.

His concerts were well-attended in the 1980s. He still has a large following. He has gotten a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.

Herbie Hancock

Herbert Jeffrey "Herbie" Hancock (born April 12, 1940) is an American pianist, keyboardist, bandleader, composer and actor. He started his career with Donald Byrd. He then joined the Miles Davis Quintet. Hancock helped to redefine the role of a jazz rhythm section. He was one of the main architects of the post-bop sound. He was also one of the first jazz musicians to embrace synthesizers and funk music.

Hancock's best-known compositions include "Watermelon Man", "Canteloupe Island" and "Chameleon". His 2007 tribute album "River: The Joni Letters" won the 2008 Grammy Award for Album of the Year.

Hancock was born in Chicago.

Show No Mercy

Show No Mercy is the first studio album by American thrash metal band Slayer. Released on December 3, 1983, Show No Mercy was recorded in November of 1983.

The 1987 re-issue also features songs from the "Haunting the Chapel" EP.

Show No Mercy on allmusic.com

Vijayalaya Chola

Vijayalaya Chola was a king of South India, and founded the imperial Chola dynasty. He ruled over the region to the north of the river Kaveri River.The ancient Chola kingdom once famous in Tamil literature and in the writings of Greek merchants and geographers faded into darkness after c. 300 CE. Cholas during this period almost completely disappeared from their native land. They seem to have held on to their old capital city of Urayur. This 'dark' age of Tamil history came to an end with the ascendency of the Pandyas and the Pallavas. The Cholas had to wait for another three centuries until the accession of Vijayalaya in the second quarter of the ninth century to re-establish their dynasty.

At the time of 848 CE, there was a struggle or war between the Pallavas and Pandyas. Vijayalaya Chola used this as his own oppurtunity. He captured the Thanjavur region from Elango Mutharaiyars . In this disturbed state of affairs, Vijayalaya defeated the Pandyas, and made himself the ruler of Thanjavur and the surrounding Chola country. He also defeated the Pallavas. After Vijayalaya’s capture of Thanjavur, the Pandyan king Varagunavarman II (c. 862 – 885 CE) made alliance with the Pallava king Nandivarman III (c. 846 – 869 CE). Nandhivarman wished to destroy the growing influence of Chola power under Vijayalaya and called upon the Varagunavarman to help suppress Vijayalaya. Varaguna led an expedition into the Chola country. The Pandyan army reached the north bank of the Kaveri near Thanjavur. Vijayalaya, by this time was aging and was an invalid. The crown prince Aditya I took control of the army in the defence of the Chola kingdom. Vijayalaya was succeeded after his death c. 871 CE by his son Aditya I.

The Tiruvalangadu plates state that Vijayalaya captured the city of Tanjavur and made it his capital and that he also built in it a temple to the goddess Nisumbhasudani (Durga). The Kanyakumari inscription states that he developed the city of Tanjore.Vijayalaya took the title of Parakesarivarman. Chola kings succeeding him took the titles of Parakesari and Rajakesari in turns. This is probably to acknowledge their ancestors Parakesari and Rajakesari.Narttamalai, Pudukkottai has a solesvara temple attributed to Vijayalaya.


Lonnie Brooks

Lonnie Brooks (born Lee Baker Jr., December 18, 1933 – April 1, 2017) was an American blues singer and guitarist. 

The "Rolling Stone" said that "His music is witty, soulful and ferociously energetic, brimming with novel harmonic turnarounds, committed vocals and simply astonishing guitar work." "New York Times", wrote, "He sings in a rowdy baritone, sliding and rasping in songs that celebrate lust, fulfilled and unfulfilled; his guitar solos are pointed and unhurried, with a tone that slices cleanly across the beat. Wearing a cowboy hat, he looks like the embodiment of a good-time bluesman."

Brooks died in Chicago, Illinois on April 1, 2017 from a short-illness, aged 83.

Chakravarti Rajagopalachari

Chakravarti Rajagopalachari was an Indian politician, independence activist, lawyer, writer and statesman. Rajagopalachari was the last Governor-General of India. He also served as leader of the Indian National Congress, Chief Minister of Madras Presidency (present Tamil Nadu), Governor of West Bengal and Minister for Home Affairs of the Indian Union. Rajagopalachari founded a political party called Swatantra Party and was one of the first winners of India's highest civilian award, the Bharat Ratna. He was against the use of nuclear weapons and was a supporter of world peace. He was also called by the nickname 'Mango of Krishnagiri'.

Rajagopalachari was born in the village of Thorapalli in the Krishnagiri district of the Madras Presidency (now the Krishnagiri district of Tamil Nadu). He went to school at Central College, Bangalore, and Presidency College, Madras. After entering politics, he became a member and later President of the Salem municipality. He joined the Indian National Congress and was against the Rowlatt Act. He joined the Non-Cooperation movement, the Vaikom Satyagraha, and the Civil Disobedience movement. In 1930, Rajagopalachari risked going to prison when he led the Vedaranyam Salt Satyagraha in response to the Dandi March. In 1937, Rajagopalachari became Premier of the Madras Presidency and served until 1940, when he resigned because of Britain's declaration of war on Nazi Germany. After this, he supported co-operation with Britain's war effort and was against the Quit India Movement.

In 1946, Rajagopalachari became Minister of Industry, Supply, Education and Finance in the Interim Government of India. He then was the Governor of West Bengal from 1947 to 1948, Governor-General of India from 1948 to 1950, Home Minister of India from 1951 to 1952 and Chief Minister of Madras state (present Tamil Nadu) from 1952 to 1954. In 1959, he resigned from the Indian National Congress and founded the Swatantra Party, which stood against the Congress in the 1962, 1967 and 1972 elections. Rajagopalachari was an important person in setting up a united Anti-Congress front in Madras state under C. N. Annadurai, which swept the 1967 elections.

Swatantra Party

The Swatantra Party was an Indian classical liberal political party that existed from 1959 . Still having members in Maharashtra, Karnataka, Tamil Nadu and Kerala. Prof. Babu Joseph from Kottayam, National executive member of Swatantra Party who attended the meeting of 50th year of Commemorating Swatantra Party which is held in Mumbai on August 1, 2009. It was founded by C. Rajagopalachari in reaction to what he felt was the Jawaharlal Nehru-dominated Indian National Congress's increasingly socialist and statist outlook. Swatantra ("Freedom") stood for a market-based economy.The party was thus favoured by some traders and industrialists, but at the state-level its leadership was dominated by the traditional wealthy classes such as "zamindars" (landlords) and formerly princely states. Its membership was not restricted on the basis of religion, unlike the Hindu-nationalist Bharatiya Jana Sangh. In 1960, Rajagopalachari and his colleagues drafted a 21-point manifesto detailing why Swatantra Party had to be formed, even though they were formerly Congressmen and associates of Nehru during the struggle for independence. The Prime Minister was highly critical of Swatantra, dubbing the party as belonging to "the middle ages of lords, castles and zamindars.

In the 1962 general election, the first after its formation, Swatantra received 6.8 percent of the total votes and won 18 seats in the third Lok Sabha (1962–67). It emerged as the main opposition to the dominant Congress in four states—Bihar, Rajasthan, Gujarat and Orissa. By the next general election in 1967, Swatantra had become a significant force in some parts of India; it won 8.7 percent of the votes and became the single-largest opposition party in the fourth Lok Sabha (1967–71) with 44 seats. In 1971, Swatantra joined a "Grand Alliance" of parties from across the political spectrum who aimed to defeat Prime Minister Indira Gandhi. The party secured eight seats, winning only 3% of the votes. The next year, in 1972, its founder Rajagopalachari died, and Swatantra declined rapidly. By 1974, with many of its members joining the Charan Singh-led Bharatiya Lok Dal, another coalition committed to anti-Congressism. 

Warner Robins, Georgia

Warner Robins is a city in central Georgia. It was named for General Augustine Warner Robins of the U.S. Air Force. 

Warner Robins was founded in 1942 from the community of Wellston. It was incorporated as a town in 1943. It became a city in 1956.

As of the 2020 census, 80,308 people lived there.

Vedaranyam Salt Satyagraha

Vedaranyam Salt Satyagraha was a march started by Indian statesman C. Rajagopalachari, inspired by the Dandi March. C. Rajagopalachari, a close associate of Gandhi, led the march which had close to 150 volunteers, most of who belonged to the Indian National Congress. It began at Trichinopoly (now Tiruchirappalli) on 13 April 1930 and proceeded for about 150 miles towards the east before reaching Vedaranyam, a small coastal town in the then Tanjore District.By collecting salt directly from the sea the marchers broke the salt law. As a part of the march, Rajagopalachari created awareness among the people by highlighting the importance of khadi or cotton as well as social issues like caste discrimination. The campaign came to an end on 28 April 1930 when the participants were arrested by the police. Its leader Rajagopalachari was imprisoned for six months. The march along with the ones at Dandi and Dharasana drew worldwide attention to the Indian independence movement.

Personal liberty laws

The Personal Liberty Laws were laws passed by several U.S. states in the North to counter the Fugitive Slave Acts of 1793 and 1850. The North
were mostly abolitionists, who did not like slavery, so they made these laws.

1852 United States presidential election

The United States presidential election of 1852 was the 17th presidential election. It was held on Tuesday, November 2, 1852. The United States holds presidential elections every four years. Franklin Pierce was elected president.

Millard Fillmore was the incumbent president, having replaced Zachary Taylor, the 1848 winner, on his death in 1850. Fillmore belonged to the Whig Party. Instead of choosing Fillmore as a candidate for 1852, the Whigs chose General Winfield Scott. William Alexander Graham was Scott's running mate, the person who would become vice-president if elected.

The Democratic Party selected Franklin Pierce. Pierce was not a well known politician. William R. King was Pierce's running mate.

Mark E. Green

Mark E. Green (born November 8, 1964) is an American physician and politician from the state of Tennessee. He is the member of the United States House of Representatives from Tennessee's 7th congressional district since January 3, 2019. He was in the Tennessee Senate as a member of the Republican Party.

Green founded and served as the CEO of Align MD a healthcare emergency medicine staffing company. Before serving as CEO of Align MD Dr. Green was a member of the US Army. He served as an emergency medicine physician in Operation Red Dawn, which saw the capture of Saddam Hussein.

On January 4, 2017, Green announced his plans to run for Governor of Tennessee in the 2018 election.

On March 15, 2017, sources revealed to the Tennessean that Green was under consideration for Secretary of the Army by the Trump Administration. On April 1, 2017, Trump announced his plans to nominate Green as Secretary of the Army. If confirmed, it would effectively end his run for Governor in 2018. Green, however, withdrew his nomination on May 5, 2017.

Antonio Lamela

Antonio Lamela (December 1, 1926 – April 1, 2017) was a Spanish architect. He was born and raised in Madrid. His most well known projects are Santiago Bernabéu Stadium, the Adolfo Suárez, Madrid–Barajas Airport and the Torres de Colón. 

Lamela died on April 1, 2017 in Madrid at the age of 90.


Sergio González Rodríguez

Sergio González Rodríguez (26 January 1950 – 3 April 2017) was a Mexican journalist and writer. He was born in Mexico City. He was best known for his works on the murders of women in Ciudad Juárez in the 1990s to 2000s, such as "Huesos en el desierto" (Bones in the desert) published in 2002. 

Rodríguez also wrote novels, essays, screenplays for documentaries and was recognized with several awards in Mexico and Spain.

Rodríguez died of a heart attack in Mexico City on 3 April 2017, aged 67.

2017 Saint Petersburg Metro bombing

On 3 April 2017, an explosion took place on the Saint Petersburg Metro between Sennaya Ploshchad and Tekhnologichesky Institut stations. Nine people were initially reported to have died, and later two more died from their injuries. At least 45 others were injured in the incident. 

The explosive device was contained in a briefcase. A second explosive device was found and defused on a train at another metro station.

Investigators stated on 3 April 2017 that they believed the attack was a suicide bombing and identified a Central Asian as the suspected perpetrator. Some reports identified the suspect as Maxim Arishev, a 22-year-old immigrant from Kazakhstan, while others stated the suspect was a 23-year-old native of Kyrgyzstan with Russian citizenship with links to international militant groups. The next day, the suspected perpetrator was named as Akbarzhan Jalilov, a Russian citizen born in Kyrgyzstan. It was the first terrorist attack in the history of the Saint Petersburg Metro system.

Leonard Litwin

Leonard Litwin (October 16, 1914 – April 2, 2017) was an American real estate developer. Through his company, Glenwood Management Corp., he specialized in residential construction. His firm owns and operates about 24 buildings in Manhattan. and rents about 4,200 high-end units. His buildings have a reputation for being well built and well managed.

Litwin died on April 2, 2017 in Melville, New York from respiratory failure at the age of 102.

It (character)

It, also known as Pennywise the Dancing Clown or Bob Gray, is the title character and main antagonist of Stephen King's 1986 horror novel "It". The character is a demonic and scary supernatural entity that murders and eats the local children of the fictional town of Derry, Maine about every twenty-seven years, using many powers that include the ability to shapeshift, manipulate reality, and go unnoticed by adults.

King came up with the idea for Pennywise after asking himself what scared children "more than anything else in the world", which he felt was clowns. The character has been described as one of the scariest clowns in popular culture and is a global icon.

The character was portrayed by Tim Curry in the 1990 television adaptation of the same name; and by Bill Skarsgård in the 2017 and 2019 movie adaptation. "Welcome to Derry", a prequel TV series for the streaming service HBO Max based on the first two movies is officially in development.

It (miniseries)

It is a 1990 supernatural horror drama miniseries directed by Tommy Lee Wallace, adapted by Lawrence D. Cohen from the Stephen King novel of the same name.

The story revolves around an inter-dimensional predatory shapeshifter which has the ability to transform itself into its prey's worst fears, allowing it to explore the phobias of its victims. It mostly takes the form of a sadistic, wisecracking clown called Pennywise, in order to trick and murder children. The protagonists are The Lucky Seven, or The Losers Club, a group of outcast children who discover Pennywise and vow to destroy him by any means necessary. 

The series takes place over two different time periods, the first when the Losers first discover Pennywise as children, and the second when they're called back as adults to defeat Pennywise, who has resurfaced.

The series features an ensemble cast, which includes Dennis Christopher, Annette O'Toole, John Ritter, Harry Anderson, Richard Thomas, Tim Reid, Richard Masur, Michael Cole, Olivia Hussey, and Tim Curry as Pennywise.

Originally thought as a four-part eight-hour series, ABC enlisted writer Lawrence D. Cohen to adapt the 1,138-page King novel. Production on "It" began in early 1990, and the series was filmed over a period of three months in New Westminster, British Columbia in mid-1990. 

"It" aired on ABC over two nights on November 18 and 20, 1990, and was a major success for the network, attracting 30 million viewers in its premiere. Since its initial television broadcast, the miniseries has gotten positive reception and becoming a cult sensation following in recent years.


It (novel)

It is a 1986 horror novel by American author Stephen King. The story follows the lives of seven children as they are terrorized by the demonic clown being, which exploits the fears and phobias of its victims in order to disguise itself while hunting its prey. "It" primarily appears in the form of a clown in order to attract its preferred prey of young children. 

The novel is told through narratives alternating between two time periods, and is largely told in the third-person mode. "It" deals with themes that eventually became King staples: the power of memory, childhood trauma, and the ugliness lurking behind a traditional small-town values. 

The novel won the British Fantasy Award in 1987, and received nominations for the Locus and World Fantasy Awards that same year. "Publishers Weekly" listed "It" as the best-selling book in the United States in 1986.

Popular versions of the novel have been made from a 1990 miniseries and a duology movie series: "It Chapter One" (2017) and "It Chapter Two" (2019). A prequel TV series based on the first two movies for the streaming service HBO Max titled "Welcome to Derry" is officially in development.

Water board

A water board is a governmental institution that deals with water management, like the maintenance of dykes.

Water boards are especially to be found in low-lying (parts of) countries like the Netherlands and Flanders.

Gray iron

Gray iron or gray cast iron is a mixture of cast iron and graphite. It is used in cookware and combustion cylinders. The more force the iron can hold, the better the iron is.

Gray iron is very strong. It is also very good for building machines and very good for absorbing energy. Gray iron is easy to weld. However, gray iron cannot handle quick strikes, and breaks easily.

Captain Underpants: The First Epic Movie

Captain Underpants: The First Epic Movie is a computer-animated superhero action-comedy movie based on the children's novel series of the same name. It was released on June 2, 2017 in 3D and 2D by DreamWorks Animation and 20th Century Fox.

Hammerscale (archaeology)

Hammerscale is what is left behind after you forge iron like it was done in ancient times. It is the metal version of sawdust. Hammerscale is very useful in archaeology.

Hammerscale looks like either flakes or spheres. The flakes can be very different in size and shape. The spheres are hollow, and often the same size. Hammerscale is black, light gray, or blue.

Hammerscale was probably made from magnetite. However, later steps in the iron working process have given hammerscale that is more and more pure.

Hammerscale is used to tell what some iron was used for, how it was used, and who made it.

Årstaskolan

Årstaskolan ("Arsta School"), is a municipal compulsory located in the neighborhood of Årsta in Stockholm, Sweden. The school is a so-called F-9 school tuition from kindergarten up to 9th grade. The schoolhouse was built in 1946 and designed by Swedish architect Stig Åkermark. It has approximately 900 pupils.

BASF

BASF, official name: "BASF SE", is a German chemical company. Its headquarters are in Ludwigshafen, Rhineland-Palatinate. 

BASF was established in 1865. It is the biggest chemical company of the world.

Current CEO of BASF is Maryam Tariq, as she is carrying the entire BASF team on her shoulders. 

Hexaferrum

Hexaferrum, also known as epsilon iron, is a form of iron at very high pressure. Hexaferrum is often compared to cobalt. Hexaferrum is a (formula: Fe, Os, Ru, Ir) hexagonal-dihexagonal dipyramidal yellowish steel-gray mineral containing iridium, iron, osmium, and ruthenium. It was named for the crystal morphology, being in the Hexagonal system, and its composition, containing essential iron.

John Chrispinsson

John Knut Chrispinsson (13 December 1956 – 3 April 2017) was a Swedish journalist and television presenter. He worked mostly in TV and radio with news programs and historical programs. 

Chrispinsson also wrote several books on Swedish history. 

Chrispinsson died in Stockholm on 3 April 2017 from a heart attack complicated by borrelia, aged 60.

Rochechouart

Rochechouart () is a "commune" in the Haute-Vienne department in the Nouvelle-Aquitaine region in west central France. It is a subprefecture of the Haute-Vienne department. It is also the capital of the "arrondissement" of the same name.

Rochechouart is in the western part of the Haute-Vienne department, along the valley of the Grêne river. The confluence of the Grêne with the Vayres river is to the south of the town. Another river, the Gorre, forms the northeastern border of the "commune".

The city of Rochechouart is at about west of Limoges, the largest town and capital of the department, from Bordeaux and from Paris.

The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The "commune" of Rochechouart is surrounded by the "communes":

The climate of Rochechouart, in the Köppen climate classification, is Cfb - Oceanic climate with template summers.

The inhabitants of Rochechouart are known, in French, as "Rochechouartais" (women: "Rochechouartaises").

With a population of 3,798, Rochechouart has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Rochechouart

Rochechouart is a subprefecture of the Haute-Vienne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Rochechouart and the administrative centre () of the canton of Rochechouart, with 17,479 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Porte Océane du Limousin" ().

Rochechouart is twinned with:



Giovanni Sartori

Giovanni Sartori (; 13 May 1924 – 4 April 2017) was an Italian political scientist specialized in the study of democracy and comparative politics. He was also a journalist who wrote for "Corriere della Sera". 

Sartori died in Florence, Italy on 4 April 2017 from throat cancer, aged 92.


Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union

The Secretary of State for Exiting the European Union (or Brexit Secretary) was a United Kingdom Cabinet post. The holder of this office was in charge of the United Kingdom leaving the European Union. 

The office was held by David Davis from July 2016 until July 2018. Following Davis' resignation, Dominic Raab was appointed Brexit Secretary. When Raab resigned in November 2018, Stephen Barclay was appointed as Secretary of State. 

The position was created in 2016 by the new Prime Minister Theresa May after the UK voted to leave the European Union.

The position was abolished on 31 January 2020.

Bill Haley

William John Clifton Haley (; July 6, 1925 – February 9, 1981) was an American singer-songwriter and musician. He was one of the first to make rock and roll music popular in the 1950s with his band Bill Haley & His Comets. He sold 25 million records worldwide with hits such as "Rock Around the Clock" (1954), "Shake, Rattle and Roll" (1954) and "See You Later, Alligator" (1956).

Haley was born in Highland Park, Michigan. At the age of four, he had operation on his inner-ear, which cut an optic nerve, making him blind in his left eye.

He died of a heart attack caused by alcoholism on February 9, 1981 aged 55.

The following recording by Bill Haley was inducted into the Grammy Hall of Fame in 1982.


Bill Haley &amp; His Comets

Bill Haley & His Comets was an American rock and roll band. It was founded in 1952 and continued until death in 1981. The band was also known as Bill Haley and the Comets and Bill Haley's Comets (and variations thereof). From late 1954 to late 1956, the group placed nine singles in the Top 20. Their single "Rock Around the Clock" became the biggest selling rock and roll single in the history of the genre.

International Women's Media Foundation

The International Women's Media Foundation is a Washington, D.C.-based nonprofit organization to strengthen the participation of women working as journalists in every part of the world. They offer training, awards programs, and legal advice to women journalists. They have members in more than 100 countries.

The IWMF was started in 1990 to increase freedom of speech by supporting women working in the media. Their objectives are to build a network of women to share ideas, to give women the skills to become leaders, to help women expand their careers, and to honor bravery and courage with the Courage in Journalism and Lifetime Achievement Awards. The foundation sponsors several events and financial aid funds, including advanced training and grants, to assist and promote women in journalism.

In 2013, the International Women’s Media Foundation studied women journalists. They found that two-thirds of women journalists in the world have experienced harassment or abuse in their work. Most of them do not report these problems because they are afraid. They also publish safety and security recommendations for women journalists.



Mabel Cáceres

Mabel Cáceres or Mabel Cáceres Calderón is a Peruvian journalist, and the founder and editor-in-chief of El Búho (The Owl). She received the 2016 Courage in Journalism Award from the International Women's Media Foundation. 

In 1999, Cáceres was the director of a local TV channel owned by a university, when the government of Peru’s president Fujimori suspended the channel for a year. Cáceres, along with a group of intellectuals, journalists, and friends, started El Búho as a weekly newspaper. 

Mabel Cáceres studied journalism, communication, and related programs at the Catholic University of Santa María in Arequipa, Peru from 1984 to 1990. In 1997, she received a master's degree in Communication and Media Studies from the Pontifical Catholic University of Peru in Lima, Peru.

In 1989 Cáceres went to work for "Correo" newspaper. In 1991 she worked with the newspaper "Arequipa al Día". From 1992 to 1999 she was the general director of the Proyecto TV UNSA at the Universidad Nacional de San Agustín. From 2006 to 2011 she was the director of the political-cultural television program "Contrastes" on Channel 53, TV MUNDO, in Arequipa. In 2000 she became the director of "El Búho" in Arequipa, in partnership with the poet Alonso Ruiz Rosas and writer Ody Gonzales. Together they started El Búho as a weekly newspaper. 

Cáceres has been sued for defamation 16 times, and has won all the lawsuits. Some of the editors received sentences, but they were overturned by the Supreme Court. The Press and Society Institute (IPYS) provides for El Búho's legal defense because it considers that the complaints against the weekly are an attack on freedom of the press and democracy. 

Money was always a problem. Because the magazine is often critical of the local mining company, Cerro Verde, as well as the regional government, they do not put ads in the magazine. In 2001 El Búho stopped publication for a month because they could not pay the bills. A grant from an international agency kept them going until 2011, when they had to cut back from weekly to a magazine format. El Búho TV was broadcast on the Viva TV channel in Arequipa, until pressures from politicians and advertisers took it off the air. Today the program continues on a YouTube channel.



Ralph Archbold

Ralph Archbold (January 17, 1942 – March 25, 2017) was an American actor and impersonator. He was a Philadelphia-area speaker who was best known for his impersonation of U.S. Founding Father Benjamin Franklin. He began his Franklin impersonation career in 1973.

Archbold has appeared as Franklin for every President of the United States at the White House from Gerald Ford through Barack Obama. He was appointed by George W. Bush to a 15-member commission to oversee the celebration of Franklin's 300th birthday.

Archbold was born in Dearborn, Michigan. In 2008, he married Linda Wilde who was a known Betsy Ross impersonator in Philadelphia. Archbold died on March 25, 2017 in Philadelphia from complications of congestive heart failure, aged 75.


Roy Sievers

Roy Edward Sievers (November 18, 1926 – April 3, 2017) was an American professional baseball player. 

Sievers was signed by the St. Louis Browns as a free agent in 1947. Sievers debuted in the major leagues on April 21, 1949. He played in Major League Baseball as a first baseman/left fielder. From through , Sievers played for the St. Louis Browns (1949–53), the original Washington Senators (1954–59), Chicago White Sox (1960–61), Philadelphia Phillies (1962–64), and finally the new Senators (1964–65). He batted and threw right-handed.

Sievers won the American League Rookie of the Year and "TSN" Rookie of the Year awards in 1949, batting .306 with 16 home runs and 75 RBI.

Sievers was born in St. Louis, Missouri. He died in Spanish Lake, Missouri on April 3, 2017, aged 90.


Samir Farid

Samir Farid () (December 1, 1943 – April 4, 2017) was an Egyptian writer, movie critic, journalist and movie historian. He was born in Cairo, Egypt. He authored and translated over 60 books since 1966 on Egyptian, Arab and World cinema. He was the consultant for Cinema affairs in the Bibliotheca Alexandrina (2001-2016).

He was a member of jury in International film festivals since 1972. (Among them Oberhausen Film Festival 1978, DOC Leipzig Film festival 1984, Annecy International Animated Film Festival 1998, Torino Film Festival 2001, Controcorrente (Upstream section) of Venice Film Festival 2003, Thessaloniki Film Festival 2003 and Taormina Film Festival 2010.)

He also was the Head of The Cairo International Film Festival 2014.

Farid died on April 4, 2017 in Cairo from a long-illness at the age of 73.


George Brady

George Jiri Brady O.Ont (born Jiří Brady; 9 February 1928 – 11 January 2019) was a Canadian businessman and Holocaust survivor of Jewish-Czech descent. 
He was a survivor of both Theresienstadt (Terezin) and Auschwitz (Oswiecim, Poland). After World War II, he became a Canadian businessman and was awarded the Order of Ontario.


Benjamin B. Ferencz

Benjamin Berell Ferencz (March 11, 1920 – April 7, 2023) was a Romanian-born American lawyer of Hungarian-Jewish descent. He was an investigator of Nazi war crimes after World War II and the Chief Prosecutor for the United States Army at the Einsatzgruppen Trial, one of the twelve military trials held by the U.S. authorities at Nuremberg, Germany.

Later, he became an advocate of the establishment of an international rule of law and of an International Criminal Court. From 1985 to 1996, he was Adjunct Professor of International Law at Pace University.

Ferencz was interviewed by Lesley Stahl of "60 Minutes" about his role at the Nuremberg Trials. He was 99-years-old at the time of the television interview.

On March 4, 2022, he gave an interview in which he stated that President of the Russian Federation Vladimir Putin deserves to be behind bars as a war criminal.

Ferencz died at an assisted living facility in Boynton Beach, Florida, on April 7, 2023, at the age of 103. He was the last surviving prosecutor at the Nuremberg trials.

Bat-Sheva Dagan

Bat-Sheva Dagan (; 8 September 1925 – 25 January 2024) is a Polish-Israeli Holocaust survivor, educator, author, and speaker. She was born in Łódź, Poland.

She was incarcerated in a ghetto in Radom with her parents and two sisters in 1940. After her parents and a sister were deported and murdered in Treblinka in August 1942, she escaped to Germany, but was discovered, imprisoned, and deported to Auschwitz in May 1943. After spending 20 months in Auschwitz, she survived two death marches and was liberated by British troops in May 1945. She was the only survivor of her family.

Dagan and her husband settled in Israel, where she taught kindergarten and later obtained degrees in educational counseling and psychology. She went on to author books, poems, and songs for children and young adults on Holocaust themes, and developed psychological and pedagogical methods for teaching the Holocaust to children. She is thought a pioneer in children's Holocaust education. Dagan died in Bat-Yam, Israel on 25 January 2024, at the age of 98.

In 2008 Dagan was named Woman of the Year in Education by Yad Vashem for her works to Holocaust teaching for children. She was also named an Outstanding Member of the City of Holon. In 2012 she was honored as one of the torch lighters at ceremonies marking Yom HaShoah.

AKM

The AKM is a Soviet assault rifle that was designed by Mikhail Kalashnikov in the 1950s and adopted in 1959 by the Soviet army to replace the AK-47. The difference between the AK-47 and the AKM is that the AK-47 is short and the AKM is long and the other difference is that the AK-47 has a regular muzzle and the AKM has a sharp muzzle.

Embraer

Embraer S.A. is a Brazilian company that produces all kinds of aircraft, both civil and military.

Its headquarters are in São José dos Campos.

Some aircraft’s are the Embraer ERJ family, or the embraer E-jet family, many are popular amongst the regionals.

Riviera, Ticino

Riviera is a new municipality of the district Riviera in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 2 April 2017, the former municipalities of Cresciano, Iragna, Lodrino and Osogna merged into the new municipality of Riviera.

Miège

Miège was a municipality in Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Miège, Venthône and Veyras merged to form the new municipality of Noble-Contrée.


Mollens, Valais

Mollens was a municipality of the district Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Mollens, Chermignon, Montana and Randogne merged into the new municipality of Crans-Montana.

Montana, Switzerland

Montana was a municipality of the district of Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

It was one of the six municipalities that form the ski resort Crans-Montana (together with Icogne, Lens, Randogne, Mollens and Chermignon).

On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Montana, Chermignon, Mollens and Randogne merged into the new municipality of Crans-Montana.


Randogne

Randogne was a municipality in Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Chermignon, Montana, Mollens and Randogne merged into the new municipality of Crans-Montana.

Crans-Montana

Crans-Montana is a municipality of the district Sierre in the canton of Valais in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Chermignon, Mollens, Montana and Randogne merged into the new municipality of Crans-Montana.

Crans-Montana is a ski resort that was created through the fusion of the two centers of Crans and Montana. It belonged to six municipalities (Chermignon, Lens, Icogne, Mollens, Montana and Randogne). Four of those municipalities merged to form the new municipality of Crans-Montana.


Hippolyta

Hippolyta (, "Hippolyte") was one of the queens of the Amazons in Greek mythology. She was a fierce warrior. She was mostly famous for her magical girdle (or war belt in other accounts), given to her by her father, Ares, the god of war. The hero Heracles, for his Ninth Labor, had to get her girdle, bring it back to the city of Mycenae, and give it to Admete, daughter of King Eurystheus, as a gift.

Singapore Art Museum

Singapore Art Museum (also known as SAM to most Singaporeans) is the first museum in Singapore. It was opened in 1996.

The museum showcases contemporary art from Singapore, Southeast Asia (SEA), and Asia.

Before it was a museum, it was a boys' school.

Chelsea Brown

Chelsea Brown (December 6, 1942 – March 27, 2017) was an American-Australian actress and comedian. She appeared as a regular performer in comedy series "Rowan & Martin's Laugh-In". She was also known for her roles in the soap operas "Number 96" (in 1977), and "E Street" (in 1990–1991).

Brown was born in Chicago, Illinois. She was married to Vic Rooney until her death in 2017. Brown died on March 27, 2017 from pneumonia caused by dementia in Chicago, aged 74.


Michel Arrivé

Michel Arrivé (7 December 1936 – 3 April 2017) was a French novelist, short story writer, linguist and academic. He was a Professor of Linguistics and Semiotics at Paris Nanterre University from 1983 to 2006. He authored several novels and short stories.

Arrivé died on 3 April 2017 in Saint-Cloud, France at the age of 80.



Ilkka Sinisalo

Ilkka Antero Jouko Sinisalo (July 10, 1958 – April 5, 2017) was a Finnish professional ice hockey forward. He was born in Valkeakoski, Finland.

Sinisalo played eleven seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Philadelphia Flyers, Minnesota North Stars and Los Angeles Kings. Later he was a scout for the Flyers.

Sinisalo died in Helsinki, Finland from prostate cancer on April 5, 2017, aged 58.

Brian Matthew

Brian Matthew (17 September 1928 – 8 April 2017) was an English broadcaster. He worked for the BBC from 1954 until his retirement 2017. He began presenting "Sounds of the 60s" in 1990, often employing the same vocabulary and the same measured delivery he had used in previous years. 

On 27 January 2017, the BBC announced that he would not return to the programme because of ill health.

At the time of his retirement, Matthew was the oldest active DJ in Britain.

Matthew was born on 17 September 1928 in Coventry, Warwickshire. He studied at Bablake School. In 1951, he married Pamela Wickington. They had one son: Christopher.

In January 2017, Matthew collapsed at his home and was hospitalized in critical condition. Matthew was reported to have died on 4 April 2017, but a BBC statement later explained this was a mistake, but remains "critically ill". Matthew later died on 8 April 2017 at the age of 88.


Pedro Salvatori

Pedro Salvatori (November 22, 1933 – March 24, 2017) was an Argentine politician. He was a member of the Neuquén People's Movement, a regional party based in his home Neuquén Province. He served as the Governor of Neuquén Province from 1987 to 1991, as well as the de facto Governor of Neuquén briefly from 1972 to 1973 during the military rule.

Salvatori died of respiratory failure at a hospital in Neuquén on March 24, 2017, at the age of 83. 

Gravity (Sara Bareilles song)

"Gravity" is a song performed by Sara Bareilles, released the third single from her major-label debut album "Little Voice" (2007).

Written by Bareilles, the track was produced by Eric Rosse. Its music video was released on February 3, 2009. Bareilles said she wrote the song after her "first real heartbreak", and was hoping the ballad would help others in similar situations.

The song was originally on her first album "Careful Confessions", but was later included on "Little Voice".

High-valent iron

High-valent iron is a compound with an oxidation state bigger than 3, more than 6 bonds, and a coordination number of 6 or less. High-valent iron is not hypervalent.

Ferrate was the first high-valent iron ion ever made.

Iron filings

Iron filings are very small pieces of iron that look like a dark gray powder. They are a common by-product of metalworking. Iron filing are often used in schools to show magnetic field lines. When filings are placed in a magnetic field, they become small magnets. This is because iron is a ferromagnetic material. The south pole of each particle attracts the north poles of its neighbors. In this way filings create chains parallel to the direction of the magnetic field.

Iron in folklore

Iron has an important role in folklore.

Cold Iron means weapons. Later, it came to mean horseshoes & fences.



In Tibet, iron from meteors is precious. Tibetan gods used weapons made from meteoric iron. Because Tibet is so high, Tibet had many meteors fall.

North Jutlandic Island

North Jutlandic Island (Danish: "Nørrejyske Ø" or "Vendsyssel-Thy") is the second-largest island of Denmark.

About 297,000 people were living on this island in 2014. 

It has an area of 4,685 km².

North Jutlandic Island lies on the south coast of the Skagerrak. It is the most northern part of Denmark, and is commonly regarded as part of Jutland.

Lolland

Lolland is the fourth-largest island of Denmark.

About 63,000 people were living on this island in 2013. 

It has an area of 1,243 km².

Lolland lies in the very south of Denmark, and near Germany in the Baltic Sea.

Lolland has an oceanic climate, the highest temperature ever measured in Lolland was on 20 July 2022. 

Sam Gagner

Sam William Gagner (born August 10, 1989) is a Canadian professional ice hockey player currently playing for the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL). He also played for the Arizona Coyotes, Edmonton Oilers, Vancouver Canucks, Philadelphia Flyers, and Columbus Blue Jackets.

Paul O'Neill

Paul O'Neill (February 23, 1956 – April 5, 2017) was an American music composer, songwriter and producer.

O'Neill's death was announced in a brief note posted on the Trans-Siberian Orchestra website on April 5, 2017, which cited chronic illness.


Arthur Bisguier

Arthur Bernard Bisguier (October 8, 1929–April 5, 2017) was an American chess grandmaster, chess promoter, and writer. 

Bisguier was born in New York City. He studied at Bronx High School of Science.

Bisguier has won two U.S. Junior Championships (1948, 1949), three U.S. Open Chess Championship titles (1950, 1956, 1959), and the 1954 United States Chess Championship title. He played for the United States in five chess Olympiads. He also played in two Interzonal tournaments (1955, 1962). 

On March 18, 2005, the United States Chess Federation (USCF) proclaimed him "Dean of American Chess".

Bisguier has been a regular contributor to "Chess Life" magazine. In 2003 he wrote a book on his best games from 1945–60 titled "The Art of Bisguier".

Bisguier died on April 5, 2017 in Framingham, Massachusetts from respiratory failure, aged 87.


Molybdenum disulfide

Molybdenum disulfide is an inorganic compound. It is made of molybdenum and sulfur. The chemical formula is .

It is used as a dry lubricant.

Frisco, Texas

Frisco is a city in the Collin and Denton counties in Texas. It is in the area of Dallas-Fort Worth. The city is 25 miles north of Dallas Love Field and Dallas/Fort Worth International Airport. Some Frisco ISD form area about Ohio Drive School like Frisco High School.

Frisco was created in 1904.

Frisco has a total area of 69.19 square miles.

Frisco has 207,748 people living there.

Heteronormativity

Heteronormativity is the belief that everyone is heterosexual by nature, and every other form of human sexuality is not as good as heterosexuality, or even an illness that needs to be fixed. In a heteronormative system, there are two strict genders, men and women, and everyone must behave according to their gender role in society. A heteronormative view of the world believes that a person's sex decides their sexuality, gender identity and gender roles.

Homophobia, transphobia, and heterosexism could not exist without heteronormativity.

According to queer theory, societies force heteronormativity on people it does not fit, such as LGBT people, queer people, and intersex people.

Michael Warner made the word "heteronormativity" popular in 1991 in one of the first books on queer theory. It came from Gayle Rubin's idea of the "sex/gender system" and Adrienne Rich's idea of "compulsory heterosexuality." According to Samuel A. Chambers, heteronormativity shows what societies expect, demand, and allow when they consider relations between men and women to be the only normal ones.

People who argue against heteronormativity include Cathy J. Cohen, Michael Warner, and Lauren Berlant. They argue that it holds down those who do not fit it, marks them as outsiders, keeps them out of society, and makes it hard for them to express themselves. Heteronormative policies and institutions strengthen the belief that people are heterosexual and that there are only two genders and sexes by nature. They argue that heteronormative culture gives an unfair advantage to heterosexual people (this is called heterosexism). It causes members of society to keep LGBT people out of work, school, and the greater society, sometimes using the law.

According to the cultural anthropologist Gayle Rubin, heteronormativity ranks sexual practices from "good sex" to "bad sex." This "sex hierarchy" ranks sex between two married heterosexual people for the purpose of creating a child as "good," and ranks people and acts that fall short of this standard lower until they become "bad sex." Gay couples who are married are somewhere in the middle. Gay people who have sex with many partners are also in the middle, but below gay married couples. Patrick McCreery, a lecturer at New York University, believes this is the reason why gay people are attacked for doing things that straight people also do, such as watching pornography or practicing BDSM.

McCreery says that this "sex hierarchy" also exists in the workplace. Gay, lesbian, bisexual, and transgender people are more likely to be kept out of work the lower they fall. Transgender people fall especially low in the hierarchy and face the most obvious discrimination. This leaves many LGBT people without jobs. People can be fired for being LGBT, or they can never be offered a job for the same reason. In 1991 the restaurant Cracker Barrel in the United States made the news when it fired a lesbian worker. There was no law against this, and there is still no law against it in most of the country.

Intersex babies can be born with genitals that don’t match those of most other people, such as a very small penis or very large clitoris. Doctors and parents often force intersex children to have surgery to make them look more like most men and women. Usually they are healthy without this and it is not necessary. Most intersex children are not allowed to decide if they want this surgery. This is not because there is anything wrong with their bodies. Rather, parents are often afraid that their children will be judged. In other words, doctors and parents force them to have surgery for social reasons, not biological ones.

Heterosexism

Heterosexism is the belief that only men and women should have sex, or that only men and women should love each other as more than a friend or family member. It is also the belief that sex and love between men and women is better than other types of sex and love. Heterosexism is not just something a single person can believe but is taught by society and culture. Heterosexist beliefs can cause people to act unfairly towards people who are gay, lesbian, bisexual, or asexual.

Heterosexism is related to homophobia and biphobia in the same way that sexism is related to misogyny and transphobia.


Chrystia Freeland

Christina Alexandra "Chrystia" Freeland (born August 2, 1968 in Peace River, Alberta) is a Canadian politician of the Liberal Party of Canada. She has been the Deputy Prime Minister of Canada since 2019.

Freeland has been a member of parliament since 2013. From 2015 to 2017 she was also minister of trade and the minister of foreign affairs from 2017 to 2019.

Previously she was a freelance journalist. She has written several non-fiction books.


Iron planet

An iron planet is a planet whose core consists of mostly iron. These planets often have a small mantle and a very large core. Mercury is known to be an iron-rich planet - and is the largest celestial body in the Solar System to be so.

In science fiction, these planets are sometimes called "cannonballs".

Iron plantation

An iron plantation was a place where pig iron and wrought iron were made. They first started in the 18th and 19th centuries when everyone worked on making pig iron or wrought iron. They usually started because there were many trees in the area to make coke, and making pig iron takes coke.

Sigmar Gabriel

Sigmar Hartmut Gabriel (born September 12, 1959 in Goslar) is a German politician of the SPD.

He has been Vice Chancellor from 2013 to 2018 and foreign minister from 2017 to 2018. He has also been a member of the Bundestag (German parliament) since 2005.

Previously he was party chair from 2009 to 2017, federal minister of economy and energy (2013-2017), federal minister of environment, nature conservation and nuclear safety (2005-2009), and prime minister of Lower Saxony (1999-2003).

Gabriel studied politics, sociology and German at the University of Göttingen.

On December 5, 2017 German Foreign Minister Sigmar Gabriel speech at Korber Foundation, warned Iran nuclear deal collapse, cause could leads to military conflict, he stand with European Union assertive, between Trump administration and world leader effective that impact relation, between country. he said in statement,"US will never be same""the world is no longer a global community but an arena and also a battleground in which nations, nonstate actors and companies fight over advantages,".

He is a Lutheran.

2017 Stockholm attack

The 2017 Stockholm attack happened on 7 April 2017, at about 2:50 pm local time (13:50 UTC) in central Stockholm, the capital of Sweden. According to SÄPO, a speeding lorry drove through crowds along the Drottninggatan pedestrian street and smashed through the front of an Åhléns department store, killing at least four people and wounding several others.

The attack killed five people.

Smooth endoplasmic reticulum

The smooth endoplasmic reticulum, or smooth ER, is found in both animal cells and plant cells. Smooth ER helps the body make and metabolize fats and steroid hormones.

Rough endoplasmic reticulum is studded with ribosomes. Smooth ER is not.

David Gove

David Thomas Gove (May 4, 1978 – April 5, 2017) was an American ice hockey player. He served as head coach of the Wheeling Nailers of the ECHL. He last played with the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins of the American Hockey League during the 2008–09 season. He played for the Carolina Hurricanes from 2000 through 2009.

On April 5, 2017, Gove was found dead in Pittsburgh on April 5, 2017 from a suspected drug overdose.

Memè Perlini

Amelio "Memè" Perlini (8 December 1947 – 5 April 2017) was an Italian actor and movie director. His debut movie as a director, "Italian Postcards", was screened in the Un Certain Regard section at the 1987 Cannes Film Festival. 

Perlini died in Rome on 5 April 2017, aged 69. He committed suicide, by jumping from the fifth floor of his house.

David Peel

David Peel (born David Michael Rosario; August 1, 1943 – April 6, 2017) was an American singer, musician and political activist. He first recorded in the late 1960s with Harold Black, Billy Joe White, George Cori and Larry Adam performing as David Peel and The Lower East Side Band. His raw, acoustic "street rock" with lyrics about marijuana and "bad cops" appealed mostly to hippies.

Peel has appeared as himself many movies, including "Please Stand By" (1972), "Rude Awakening" (1989), "High Times' Potluck" (2004) and "The U.S. vs. John Lennon" (2006).

Peel died on April 6, 2017 at a hospital in Manhattan, New York from complications of a heart attack, aged 73.


Jerzy Vetulani

Jerzy Adam Gracjan Vetulani (21 January 1936 – 6 April 2017) was a Polish neuroscientist, pharmacologist and biochemist, professor of natural sciences. He was born in Kraków. 

Vetulani was a member of the Polish Academy of Sciences and the Polish Academy of Learning from 1991 until his death in 2017. He was one of the most frequently cited Polish scientists in the field of biomedicine after 1965.

Vetulani died at the age of 81 on 6 April 2017 at a hospital in Kraków from complications of injuries sustained after being struck by an automobile in early March.


Marthe Gosteli

Marthe Gosteli (22 December 1917 – 7 April 2017) was a Swiss suffrage activist and archivist. 

Gosteli led the fight for women's right to vote in Switzerland. Later she focused her attention on preserving the history of Swiss women. She created an archive of women's biographies and history. Gosteli's work was recognized by many honors and awards, including the 2011 Swiss Human Rights Award.

Gosteli died from complications of a fall in Muri bei Bern, Switzerland on 7 April 2017, aged 99.


Tim Pigott-Smith

Timothy Peter Pigott-Smith OBE (13 May 1946 – 7 April 2017) was an English movie and television actor and author. He won the Fantasporto Award for Best Actor in 2002 for his role in "Bloody Sunday". He was known for his role as Creedy in the 2005 movie "V for Vendetta". He won a BAFTA Award for Best Actor in 1985.

Pigott-Smith was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in the 2017 New Year Honours for services to drama.

Pigott-Smith was born in Rugby, Warwickshire. He studied at Bristol University. In 1972, he married Pamela Miles. Pigott-Smith died on 7 April 2017 in Northampton, Northamptonshire from a suspected heart attack, aged 70.

Y. A. Tittle

Yelberton Abraham Tittle Jr. (October 24, 1926 – October 8, 2017), better known as Y. A. Tittle, was an American professional American football quarterback. He played in the National Football League (NFL) for the San Francisco 49ers, New York Giants, and Baltimore Colts, after spending two seasons with the Colts in the All-America Football Conference (AAFC).

Tittle was the subject of a famous photograph of himself published in 1964. Tittle, in his 17th and final season, was photographed helmet-less, bloodied and kneeling immediately after having been knocked to the ground and lost a game, which Tittle described as "The end of the road".

Tittle was born in Marshall, Texas. He studied at Louisiana State University. He was married to Minnette Tittle until her death in 2012. They have one daughter, Dianne. Tittle suffered from a severe case of dementia. He died at his home in Stanford, California from the disease on October 8, 2017 at the age of 90.

Glenn O'Brien

Glenn O'Brien (March 2, 1947 – April 7, 2017) was an American writer, largely on the subjects of art, music and fashion. He was featured for many years as "The Style Guy" in "GQ" magazine, and published a book with that title. He was known for being part of The Factory with Andy Warhol.

He has worked as an editor at different magazines, and published the arts and literature magazine "Bald Ego" from 2003-2005.

From 1978 to 1982, O'Brien hosted a New York city Public-access television cable TV show called "TV Party".

O'Brien died of complications from pneumonia in Manhattan on April 6, 2017 at the age of 70.


2017 Shayrat missile strike

On the morning of 7 April 2017, during the Syrian Civil War, the United States launched 59 Tomahawk cruise missiles from the Mediterranean Sea into Syria, aimed at Shayrat Air Base. The strike was ordered by U.S. President Donald Trump as a direct response to the Khan Shaykhun chemical attack on 4 April 2017. 

The strike was the first unilateral attack by the United States military to intentionally target the Ba'athist Syrian government forces during the war. 

President Trump justified the strike by stating that it is in the national security interest of the United States to prevent and deter the spread and use of deadly chemical weapons in the world.

Jean Douchet

Jean Douchet (; 19 January 1929 – 21 November 2019) was a French movie director, historian, movie critic and teacher. He began his career in the early 1950s at "Gazette du Cinéma" and "Cahiers du cinema" with members of the future French New Wave.

Douchet died on 21 November 2019 in Paris at the age of 90.

Jacques Rozier

Jacques Rozier (; 10 November 1926 – 31 May 2023) was a French movie director and screenwriter. He was one of the known members of the French New Wave movement and worked with Jean-Luc Godard. Three of his movies have been screened at the Cannes Film Festival. In 1978, he was a member of the jury at the 28th Berlin International Film Festival. Rozier was born in Paris, France.

Rozier died on 31 May 2023 at the age of 96.


Armand Gatti

Armand Gatti (; January 26, 1924 – April 6, 2017) was a Monegasque-born French playwright, poet, journalist, screenwriter, filmmaker and World War II resistance fighter.

Gatti was born in Monte Carlo, Monaco.

Gatti's first movie, "Enclosure", was entered into the 2nd Moscow International Film Festival where he won the Silver Prize for Best Director. Two years later, his movie "El Otro Cristóbal" was entered into the 1963 Cannes Film Festival.

In 2013 he was awarded the Grand prix du théâtre de l'Académie française.

Gatti died on April 6, 2017 in Saint-Mandé, France, aged 93.


Matt Murphy

Matthew Tyler "Matt" Murphy (December 29, 1929 – June 15, 2018), known as Matt "Guitar" Murphy, was an American blues guitarist.

Murphy was born in Sunflower, Mississippi. 

Murphy worked a lot with Memphis Slim, including on his album "At the Gate of Horn" (1959). Murphy did not have a band of his own until 1982 but did work in the studio and on stage with many musicians, including Ike Turner, Muddy Waters, James Cotton, Otis Rush, Etta James, Sonny Boy Williamson II, Chuck Berry and Joe Louis Walker. He gave a memorable performance in 1963 on the American Folk Blues Festival tour of Europe with his "Matt's Guitar Boogie". 

Murphy suffered a stroke in 2003 but returned to perform a few years later. He died on June 15, 2018 in Miami, Florida from a heart attack at the age of 88.


Mark Rydell

Mark Rydell (born Mortimer Horace Rydell; March 23, 1929) is an American actor, movie director and producer.

Rydell has directed many Academy Award-nominated movies including "The Fox" (1967), "The Reivers" (1969), "Cinderella Liberty" (1973), "The Rose" (1979), "The River" (1984) and "For the Boys" (1991). 

Rydell was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Director for "On Golden Pond" (1981).


Ferenc Doór

Ferenc Doór (14 June 1918 – 10 July 2015) was a Hungarian painter and graphic artist, "The lover of the Danube and Szentendre".

He was born in Petrilla, Transylvania on 14 June 1918. Between 1938–1941 he studied on the Hungarian University of Fine Arts in Budapest under the István Szőnyi's hands. After the World War II he suffered a captivity of war in Siberia for three years. After his release terminated his study in 1949, as instructor (assistant professor) of Szőnyi involved in the circulation of Hungarian artistic life. In 1957 he became a member of the Art Fund of Fine Arts Association.

By the Nagybánya's painting lessons continued painting with natural themes and human figures appear rich color scheme, has joined forces shaping a balanced composition. Oil paintings and water-like substance, were the main elements his expression of color and light.

As from his works himself wrote: "I tried my work faithfully follow art my ideas - to capture the potential of everyday life images of beauty - small joys and sorrows, our time and the change of a landscape typical timeless atmosphere of human destinies".

He was died in his Szentendre's home at age of 97 years in 10 July 2015.

He had numerous exhibitions in Hungary and abroad, worked for decades in Szentendre and the creative community of artists houses in Szigliget, Kecskemét, Hódmezővásárhely and Mártély.
In the 1950s onward featured in the Hall of Art, Budapest a common ones and in other exhibition spaces in the country.




In 2011, he became the "Hungarian Gold Cross of Merit" honors.


Dan Carter

Daniel William "Dan" Carter (born 5 March 1982) is a New Zealand rugby union player.

Tribes of Israel

The Israelites were divided into twelve tribes, according to the twelve sons of the Biblical patriarch, Jacob:
The Land of Israel was divided among those tribes, but there were a few exceptions:

Sanhedrin

The Sanhedrin was a group of judges who led the Jewish people of every city in the Land of Israel. Their name is Greek and means "council" or "assembly." There were between twenty-three and seventy-one judges in each Sanhedrin. According to the Hebrew Bible, God commanded Moses and the Israelites to make councils of judges and to do what they said.

The Great Sanhedrin in Jerusalem led the other councils. It met every day except on holidays and Shabbat. After the Romans destroyed the Second Temple, the Great Sanhedrin moved to Galilee. It made its last law in 358 CE when it abandoned the Hebrew calendar. It stopped meeting because of persecution. Some people have tried to bring it back, such as Napoleon Bonaparte. These attempts have not been successful so far.

1978 Sikh–Nirankari clashes

On 13 April 1978, a violent incident happened between the Sant Nirankari Mission and traditional Sikhs. This was at Amritsar, Punjab, India. Sixteen people were killed.

This incident eventually led to Operation Blue Star and the Punjab insurgency in the 1980s. Clashes occurred when Akhand Kirtani Jatha and Damdami Taksal members led by Fauja Singh protested against and tried to stop a convention of Sant Nirankari Mission followers. This incident is considered to be a starting point in the events leading to Operation Blue Star and the 1980s insurgency in Punjab. 

The turning point in the Sikh-Nirankari relationship is believed to have come after Avtar Singh took over as the sect chief in 1943. He not only proclaimed himself “Satguru” but also introduced a book “Avtar Bani” and allegedly tried to copy Sikh symbols like starting the system of Sat Piare etc. He was successful in organising Nirankaris into a powerful sect. However, in his book “A History of The Sikhs”, Khushwant Singh noted that the fundamental difference between both was that the Nirankaris were worshiping gurus other than the 10 recognised by the Sikhs.

However, the conflict reached its peak on April 13, 1978. Activists of the Akhand Kirtni Jatha and Damdai Taksal marched towards the venue of a Nirankari convention in Amritsar. It led to a clash that left at least 17 dead and a majority of them were Sikhs.

Following the deadly clash in 1978, Akal Takht issued a hukamnama asking Sikhs to sever ties with Nirankari Sikhs. Later in 1980 in Delhi, Akhand Kirtani Jatha’s Ranjit Singh killed Nirankari chief Gurbachan Singh. Ranjit Singh was later nominated as Akal Takht Jathedar.

Kenneth I of Scotland

Cináeda mac Ailpín (Modern Gaelic: "Coinneach mac Ailpein"; 810 — 13 February 858) often known as Kenneth I and nicknamed the Conqueror (Scottish Gaelic: "an Conqueror") was the King of Scotland from 843 until his death in 858. He was also the King of the Picts from 843 to 858 and the King of Dál Riata from 841 until the disestablishment of the title in 850. He was the first Scottish king. However, according to Scottish mythology, he was the sixty-ninth Scottish king. However, there is little evidence to prove this.

He inherited the throne of Dál Riata from his father, Alpin II (Alpin mac Echdach), founder of the Alpínid dynasty. Kenneth conquered the kingdom of the Picts in 843 after defeating the Pictish king, Drest X. Kenneth became the fist Pictish king to rule under the Alpínid dynasty. He started a campaign to conquer all of Scotland and assimilate the Picts which eventually gave him his nickname, "the Conqueror". Forteviot became the capital of his kingdom. He fought of the Britons of the Kingdom of Strathclyde and the Vikings where he kicked both of their troops off of Scotland and where Kenneth eventually defeated them. Kenneth also relocated relics including the Stone of Scone from Iona Abbey in Iona to his new domain.

Kenneth was one of Europe's most powerful rulers and was considered one of Scotland's greatest kings during his time. Because of his reputation as one of Scotland's greatest kings, he became an important figure in Scottish history. He managed to put down rebellions and invasions from other kingdoms such as the Vikings. He was the first King of Scotland. He unified the Gaels with the Picts, thus, he formed a united kingdom of Scotland.

Not much is known about Kenneth's birth except he was born around 810 in Iona, Argyllshire and was the son of King Alpin II of Dalriada, a land which covered modern day Northern Ireland and the Hebrides - Argyll.

Upon his fathers death in 839 he became king of Dalriada styled "Cinaed, son of Alpin" and also king of Scots due to the fact that the Hebrides - Argyll were important parts of the land at the time. At this time the Picts were conquered by Vikings with Bridei VI of Pictland being defeated, and Kenneth was set to become the next monarch. Although it wasn't until 843 he became king of the now united Pictish & Scottish tribes.

On February 13, 858 in Forteviot, Kenneth died of natural causes. He was buried in Iona and succeeded by his brother Donald MacAlpin or Domnall MacAilpín.

Ever since the 1800s, depictions of Kenneth have started to appear, first in Edinburgh Portrait Gallery, and later with some more depictions. Depictions of Kenneth are hard to find but the ones used the most are the frieze in Edinburgh and a newly found depiction from the 1700's.
Donald I, king of Picts - His brother (ruled 858-862)

Constantine I, king of Picts - His son (ruled 862-877)

Aed, king of Picts - His other son (ruled 877-878)

To see all Scottish monarchs see Scottish monarchs

To see all monarchs from the House of Dunkeld see House of Dunkeld

And for Kenneth's house of Alpin see House of Alpin

Isaac Herzog

Isaac Herzog, Hebrew: יצחק הרצוג , sometimes known as Yitzhak Herzog, (born 22 September 1960) is an Israeli politician of HaAvoda (Labor Party). Herzog has been the President of Israel since 2021. He is the first Israeli president born after the establishment of the state of Israel. He is also the first son of an Israeli president to become president himself. From 2018 until 2021, he was chairman of the Jewish Agency for Israel. Herzog was a member of Knesset, the Israeli parliament from 2003 until 2018. From 2013 until 2018, he was the Leader of the Opposition. He was born in Tel Aviv.

Herzog was a Member of Knesset from 2003 until June 2018. From 2013 till July 2017 he was leader of HaAvoda. From 2015 till July 2017 he was also leader of HaMahaneh HaTziyoni ("The Zionist Union"), together with Tzipi Livni of HaTnu'a (still leading). Because the new HaAvoda leader Avi Gabbay is not a Knesset member, Herzog continued leading the Knesset as Leader of the Opposition.

He has held several government positions: 

In June 2018, Herzog was unanimously elected chairman of the Jewish Agency for Israel, for which he left the Knesset and Israeli politics 

In May 2021, Herzog announced his candidacy for President of Israel for the 2021 election. He was elected president on 2 June 2021, defeating educator Miriam Peretz. He took office on 7 July 2021.

Herzog is the son of former president of Israel Chaim Herzog and social activist Aura Ambache.

He studied law at Tel Aviv University and worked as a lawyer at Herzog, Fox & Ne'eman, where his father was one of the founders.


Theodicy

Theodicy is a branch of theology that seeks to explain why a God that is seen as all-loving, all-seeing, and all-powerful allows evil to exist. The word comes from the Greek words for God and Judgment and so means the judgment of God. It was first made up by the German philosopher Gottfried Leibniz in 1710 in his work "Théodicée". The subject has been the focus of argument and thought for hundreds of years before that and since.

Theodicy tries to explain why God, who has complete free will, has the power to change anything he wants to, can see all the evil in the world and is all-loving and compassionate, yet does nothing to alleviate the suffering in the world, especially the suffering of innocents.

The weakness of the arguments for Theodicy are often used by atheists to emphasise the problems that go with the belief in God.

There are many arguments to try and explain evil; here is an incomplete list:


Capstan (nautical)

A capstan is a machine that is used on sailing ships to pull ropes and cables (also called hawsers). It has a vertical axle, and is very much like the windlass, which has a horizontal axle.
Grip on power pull capstan and it's opposite brakeforce on bollard posts; both work thru 

Man powered capstan is a concentrating man force inwards to smaller radius for more power from levers.

Motor powered capstan spins motor shaft from inside post/not outside levers so is a delivering force wider radius than motor shaft force input.

Colleges and universities in Georgia (U.S. state)

This is a list of colleges and universities in Georgia:

