WAGR Oa class

The WAGR Oa class were a total of 10 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1909 to 1962.

The Oa were almost identical to the O class with the exception of the running board and footplate which were higher. The Oa class were constructed by Midland Railway Workshops due to a large wheat harvest that required more engines, the last to be built entered service in 1911.

The last Oa in service was No. 161, built in 1910 and withdrawn and scrapped in 1962.

WAGR Ob class

The WAGR Ob class was one experimental steam locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1923 to 1925.

In 1923 O class No. 93 had metal weights fitted to the running board, increasing the adhesive weight by 2 tons to increase its capabilities of hauling freight by 10%. The experiment seems to have failed or not been worthwhile as No. 93 was reconverted to a standard O class in 1925.

No. 93 was built in 1897 by Neilson & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland and withdrawn and scrapped in 1957, having a service life of 60 years.

Yomi Fash Lanso

Yomi Fash Lanso was born on 7 June 1968. Yomi is a Nigeria actor from Ogun State, Nigeria. 

Yomi Fash Lanso graduated from the department of Business Administration from the University of Lagos. He is a regular Yoruba film actor and has featured in more than 100 films in his career. In 2014, he was selected for Africa Movie Academy Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role at the 10th Africa Movie Academy Awards for his role in Omo Elemosho,the same year,he got the award for best actor in a supporting role for his acting in Omo Elemosho,from NEA awards which was held in the U.S.

WAGR Os class

The WAGR Os class were a total of 5 experimental steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1915 to 1937.

The Os class were the result of superheated boilers being fitted to Nos. 81 (later 210), 94, 99, 212, and No. 220 with Sir Vincent Raven's patent bypass valve also fitted. By 1937 all had been converted back to standard O class locos, though Os boilers were later exchanged with N class ones.

WAGR Oas class

The WAGR Oas class were a pair of experimental steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1934 to 1946.

The Oas class were the result of fitting superheated boilers to two Oa class No. 2 and No. 160. With No. 2 refitted in 1934 and No. 160 in 1938. Both were reconverted to Oa class locos in 1946 with both engines renumbered in 1949 to No. 171 and No. 178 and both were also withdrawn and scrapped in 1961.

San Blas Islands

The San Blas Islands are on the the north coast of the Isthmus of Panama. There are about 365 islands and cays. 49 have people living on them. The people who live there are Guna people, who were there before the Europeans came. They are very low and the rising sea level means many will have to move to the mainland. 

WAGR P class (1896)

The WAGR P class were a pair of steam locomotives originally operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1896 to 1912.

The P class were built in 1896 by James Martin & Coy of Gawler, South Australia to the same design as the South Australian Railways (SAR) Z class. Initially, the P class were used on mainline passenger work, most notably heading the inaugural train to Kalgoorlie in 1896.

They became displaced in their niche of express passenger work with the arrival of the R class, and in 1912 both engines were sold to the Midland Railway Company of Western Australia (MRWA) but weren't suitable for regular service, No. 62 was loaned to the Public Works Department (PWD) from 1913 to 1914.

An attempt was made to sell No. 63 into the timber industry though this was unsuccessful so it was renumbered 12 with No. 62 being used for spares, both locos were scrapped in 1929.

Rana Farhan

Rana Farhan (Persian: رانا فرحان) is an Iranian musician and singer and jazz and blues artist. In the wake of moving on from the College of Tehran, he left Iran in 1989, and has lived in New York from that point forward.


Jenin

Jenin (Arabic: جنين) is a city in the State of Palestine, in the Israeli-occupied West Bank. Jenin is a evidence of many periods of conflict and challenges faced by the Palestinians "(such as displacement, raids" by IDF")", especially in the context of the Israel-Palestine conflict. Various political and social issues have affected the city and its residents over the years.

Jenin came under Israeli occupation in 1967, and was put under the administration of the Palestinian National Authority (PA) as Area A of the West Bank in 1993.
In 2017, Jenin had a population of approximately 50,000 people. While the Jenin refugee camp houses a population of around 14,000 Palestinians, most of those fled or were forcefully removed by israel from their homes during the 1948 Palestine War.

Ford Galaxy (third generation)

The third generation Ford Galaxy is a minivan made by Ford from 2015 to 2023. It was revealed at the 2014 Paris Motor Show, the all-new Galaxy went on sale in mid-2015.

The Galaxy is available with the same range of engines as the S-Max, one diesel and two petrol options. The petrol 1.5 SCTi Ecoboost has 160 hp, and the larger 2.0 SCTi has 240 hp, but only have an automatic transmission. At launch, Ford expected only two percent of United Kingdom sales to be petrol models.The 2.0 TDCi 150 HP and 180 HP versions come with either a six-speed manual transmission or the automatic transmission – the 180 hp version can also feature all-wheel drive]. The most expensive twin-Turbo 2.0 210 hp comes with the automatic transmission only, and can accelerate from 0 to 60 in under nine seconds.

The trim levels are similar to the ones in the S-Max, Mondeo and Edge, including Zetec, Titanium and Titanium X.

Ford updated the Galaxy for 2020. It received a new front grille and bumpers with a similar design as the Mondeo, Focus, Fiesta, Puma and Kuga.

In January 2022, Ford announced plans to discontinue the Galaxy after 27 years of production, stopping accepting orders for the minivan in favour of realisation of existing ones. Afterwards the cars will be axed from the European lineup without direct successor.

Gortimer Gibbon's Life on Normal Street

Gortimer Gibbon’s Life on Normal Street is a children’s fantasy TV show from 2015. It was about a boy named Gortimer Gibbon who had magical powers and his friends who lived somewhere called Normal Street. It had two seasons. The critics liked it. And it was nominated for an Emmy Award.

Shots Fired

Shots Fired is an American Television program about someone from the DOJ looking into the Murder of a white teenager by a black policeman and finding out about a conspiracy to hide the murder of a black teenager by a white policeman.

Lena Knippelmeyer

Lena Knippelmeyer (born 6 April 1990 Emden )  is a German wheelchair basketball player and neuropsychologist .

Knippelmeyer grew up in Marienhafe, and started playing handball there.  She last played for SSC Dodesheide .  In 2014 , she had to stop playing handball after knee injuries. Since then she has been considered minimally disabled  and plays wheelchair basketball. 

She currently plays in the center position at RSC Osnabrück, in the wheelchair basketball Bundesliga and in the German women's national team . In the 1st Wheelchair Basketball Bundesliga, she completed large parts of the 2020/2021 season with the BBC Münsterland team from Warendorf. 

She competed at the 2019 European Championships, taking third place with the women's national team .  Knippelmeyer took part in the 2020 Summer Paralympics in Tokyo, taking fourth place with the German team. 

Asaph Hall

Asaph Hall III (October 15, 1829 – November 22, 1907) was an American astronomer. He is best known for having discovered the two moons of Mars, Deimos and Phobos, in 1877. He found the orbits of satellites of other planets and of double stars. He also found the rotation of Saturn and the mass of Mars.

Syringe

A syringe is a tool used by doctors, nurses, and healthcare professionals. It is a simple pump with a needle at the end. It allows to inject liquids into the bloodstream or the muscle. Many syringes are designed to be used only once. If a syringe is used multiple times, it needs to be serilized before each use, otherwise it is possible to spread diseases. 

Hurricane Otis

Hurricane Otis was a small but very intense and damaging October 2023 tropical cyclone. The storm killed more than 50 people in Southwestern Mexico. It struck early on October 25.

Winds of Otis were when the storm struck. It underwent rapid intensification that was not even forecast to happen with the storm. It made landfall near Acapulco. It was the most intense eastern Pacific hurricane to ever strike anywhere in this region.

Early damage reports showed Otis might have caused $15 billion overall in Mexico. Other damage reports indicate more than that.

Flamenco guitar

A flamenco guitar is a guitar similar to a classical guitar but with thinner tops and less internal bracing. It usually has nylon strings, like the classical guitar, but it generally possesses a livelier, more gritty sound compared to the classical guitar.

Huapanguera

The quinta huapanguera is an instrument distinct of the Huasteca region of Mexico. It is used when playing their specific folk genre called son huasteco.

Guitar synthesizer

This can refer to two similar types of synthesizer, both that use notes played on a guitar rather than a keyboard for input and/or triggers. The first is a synthesizer that uses the output of an electric guitar string as its oscillator or sound source.

Guitarrón

The Guitarrón is a large bass guitar. Guitarrón translates to large guitar – the suffix means big or large. It has 6 strings – 3 that are nylon wound with a nylon monofilament core or nylon fibers, and 3 that are steel, bronze or copper wound with a single steel string core.

Lap steel guitar

The pedal steel guitar is an electric console instrument with one or two necks, each typically with ten strings. The neck tuned to C6 (Texas tuning) is closer to the player and the E9 (Nashville tuning) neck is further from the player.

Dobro

The name Dobro originated in 1928 when the Dopyera brothers formed the Dobro Manufacturing Company. "Dobro" is both a contraction of "Dopyera brothers" and a word meaning "goodness" in their native Slovak. This six course (6x1) guitar has a squared-off neck with raised strings for Hawaiian-style playing.

Janusz Korczak

Henryk Goldszmit, better known by his pseudonym Janusz Korczak ( 22 July 1878 or 1879unknown) was a Polish-born Jewish orphanage director and writer. He is also known by his nicknames "Pan Doktor" (""Mr. Doctor"") and/or "Stary Doktor" (""Old Doctor"").

Janusz Korczak was born as Henyrk Goldszmit on or 22 July 1878 or 1879. His birth certificate was never discovered (or it does not exist) so his precise birth date is undetermined. His father Jósef Goldszmit was a respected lawyer. Korczak's father Jósef died in a mental hospital on , after being admitted there six years earlier.

The Second Polish Republic had been annexed by Nazi Germany beginning on 6 October 1939. In October 1940, a ghetto meant to imprison Jews was established in Warsaw, and all of the Jews from Warsaw, including Korczak and the children from his orphanage, lived there. A new orphanage was built for the children in the ghetto. The deportation of Jews from the ghetto began on 22 July 1942. On 5 or 6 August 1942 in the Warsaw Ghetto, Germans came to collect the orphans from Korczak's orphanage and staff members from the orphanage in order to transport them to Treblinka extermination camp, while Korczak had been offered a job in the ghetto. In a well-popular act of both courage and loyalty, Korczak courageously refused the offer and wanted to board the train with the children from his orphanage, and told the German officers: The children were dressed in their best clothing, and each carried a blue-colored backpack and a favorite book or toy. On the journey to the train station, one of the Schutzstaffel officers recognized Korczak as the writer of one of his favorite books. The officer offered Korczak to help him escape. But Korczak still refused. So, Korczak ended up boarding the train with the children and staff members to the Treblinka extermination camp. This act of courage and loyalty, is what made Korczak very famous and popular in the modern-day world.

Though his death date is unknown, Janusz Korczak most likely died in the Treblinka extermination camp in August 1942, along with the children and staff members from his orphanage.
Amy Farrah Fowler

Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler is a fictional character on The Big Bang Theory played by Dr. Mayim Bialik. Amy dates and later marries Dr. Sheldon Cooper.

When Amy first appears, she is Sheldon’s friend and a girl but not his girlfriend. She is also a Neurobiologist. Amy also became best friends with Penny.

After Amy started dating Stuart, Sheldon asked her to be his girlfriend and she said yes.

Amy broke up with Sheldon after he stopped kissing her to ask if he should watch The Flash television show.

After Amy dated Dave (played by Stephen Merchant) Sheldon asked her to get back together with him and she said yes. Sheldon decided to spend Amy’s birthday with her instead of seeing and had sex with her for the first time.

After Dr. Ramona Norwitski kissed Sheldon, he decided he only liked Amy and asked her to marry him. She said yes.

Sheldon and Amy get married by Mark Hamill. They also come up with a new theory called “Super-Asymmetry”.

Sheldon and Amy win the Nobel Prize in Physics for their “Super-Asymmetry” idea.

In Young Sheldon, it turns out that Sheldon and Amy have children and that they named their son Leonard after Leonard Nimoy and Leonard Hofstadter.

Sighetu Marmației

Sighetu Marmației (also spelled "Sighetul Marmației"; or "Siget"; ; ; ), until 1960 Sighet, is a city (municipality) in Maramureș County near the Iza River, in northwestern Romania.

Pseudophilautus malcolmsmithi

Pseudophilautus malcolmsmithi is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sri Lanka.

This frog is extinct. Every frog in this species is dead. Scientists believe that this is because human beings changed the places where the frog lived too much.

One female frog was 14.9 mm long from nose to rear end.

Untriunium

Untriunium, also known as element 131 or eka-Einstienium, is the possible chemical element in the periodic table with the placeholder symbol of Utu and atomic number 131. Untriunium and Utu are the temporary systematic IUPAC name and symbol, which are used until the element is discovered, confirmed, and a permanent name is decided upon. In the periodic table of the elements, it is expected to follow Untrinilium as the second element of the superactinides and the fourth element of the 8th period. Similarly to Untrinilium, it is expected to fall within the range of the island of stability.

Untribium

Untribium, also known as element 132 or eka-Rutherfordium, is the possible chemical element in the periodic table with the placeholder symbol of Utb and atomic number 132. Untribium and UTB are the temporary systematic IUPAC name and symbol, which are used until the element is discovered, confirmed, and a permanent name is decided upon. In the periodic table of the elements, it is expected to fall within the range of the island of stability.

University of Michigan basketball scandal

The University of Michigan got into trouble because of some things that went wrong with their men's basketball team. It's one of the biggest cases where college athletes were paid in all of US history.

The trouble was linked to a man named Ed Martin, who was a fan (or booster) of the team. Ed gave money to several players, which was against the rules. He was actually using the players to hide money he got from illegal gambling.

This problem came to light when a car crash involving a Michigan player, Maurice Taylor, led to questions about his relationship with Martin. The investigations found that Martin also had connections with other players starting from the 1980s. 

By 1999, four players, Maurice Taylor, Chris Webber, Robert Traylor, and Louis Bullock, were found to have taken a total of $616,000 from Martin. At first, Chris Webber said he didn't get any money from Martin, but later admitted he did. Because of this, he had to pay a fine and was briefly stopped from playing in the NBA after doing public service.

In 1997, the coach of the team, Steve Fisher, was fired because he was part of the problem. However, he was not found to have done much wrong in the investigation. 

By 2002, it was clear that the four players were indeed guilty because they took money from Martin and had cheated in their status as amateur players. As punishment, the University of Michigan put its basketball team on probation, didn't participate in postseason games for the 2002-03 season, and removed the players' names and achievements from its records.

Later, the NCAA agreed with these punishments and added more, including extending the probation period and postseason ban, decreasing the number of scholarships, and ordering that the school shouldn't have anything to do with the three living guilty players until 2012.

These punishments affected many tournaments and records for the team and individual players, such as removing the 1997 and 1998 championship wins and player recognition. The ban on postseason games was usually reduced after an appeal and the order to avoid contact with the guilty players ended on May 8, 2013.

Graham Sutherland

Graham Sutherland OM (24 August 1903 – 17 February 1980) was an English artist. He is famous for his paintings of abstract landscapes and his portraits of public figures. He also worked in printmaking, tapestry and glass design.

He first worked as a printmaker, before moving to watercolour, and finally to oil painting, in the 1940s. He became famous by his paintings of Pembrokeshire landscapes. He was an official war painter at World War II. After that he became a figurative painter, often of religious motifs.

He created several of portraits of public figures in the 1950s; some where polemical. Fof example, he made a portrait of Winston Churchill, which he disliked and later would be destroyed.

Young in America

"Young in America" is a 2014 song by country singer Danielle Bradbery and is the second single from her debut studio album "Danielle Bradbery". It went to number 49 on the Billboard Country Airplay chart and became a fan favourite.

Shinji Nakamoto

Shinji Nakamoto is a Japanese archer. He was born on 8 July 1945. Nakamoto competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Miki Nakamura

Miki Nakamura is a Japanese archer. She was born on 12 September 1992. Nakamura competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

WAGR Q class (1895)

The WAGR Q class were a total of 6 side tank steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1896 to 1925.

The Q class were originally ordered from R. & W. Hawthorn Leslie & Coy of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, England, however, two similar locos built previously for the Portos e Caminhos de Ferro de Moçambique in Mozambique were cancelled before shipment and in 1896 were sold to the WAGR along with four more engines as part of the original order built from 1896 to 1897.

They were employed as shunters at Midland and Fremantle, with four of the class rebuilt into Qa class locos from 1905 to 1909. All 6 of the class were withdrawn and scrapped between 1924 and 1925, having worked on various lines around the network.

WAGR Qa class

The WAGR Qa class were a total of 4 successful steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1905 to 1925.

The Qa class resulted from the rebuilding of Q class No. 140 with a larger boiler, and four-wheel trailing bogie added, and the fuel capacity increased (both water and coal). This rebuild started in 1903 and was completed in 1905 by Midland Railway Workshops, No. 140 having been selected to operate on the Upper Darling Range Railway which the WAGR had recently acquired.

The experiment was a success with three more of the Q class being rebuilt to Qa class specifications in 1909. The Qa class was designated to haul goods, passenger and mixed services, in this position they served on the Kalamunda zig-zag, Mudaring Weir Branch Line, Eastern Railway to Northam, South Western Railway to Bunbury and the Pinjarra to Holyoake section of the Hotham Valley Railway.

Withdrawals for the class began in 1924 and ended in 1925 with all being scrapped along with the original standard Q class.

Hylodes heyeri

Hylodes heyeri is a frog. It lives in São Paulo and Santa Catarina, Brazil. People have seen it 846 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests in the Atlantic side (east side) of Brazil. People usually see them near moving water: streams or waterfalls.

This frog has smooth skin and light stripes. The skin of the frog's back is brown in color.

Scientists named this frog after Ron Heyer.

WAGR R class

The WAGR R class were a total of 24 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1897 to 1953.

All of the R class were built by Dübs & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland in several batches from 1896 to 1898. They initially served on the Eastern Railway, Eastern Goldfields Railway, and Northern Railway as premier express locomotives hauling passengers and mail. They were later relegated to mixed work, with some being converted to Ra class engines to serve on lighter-laid lines.

No. 174 became famous for aiding in the rescue of a trapped miner and upon its withdrawal in 1947 it was preserved by the Midland Railway Institute, it was displayed at various locations in Midland before moving permanently to the ARHS Rail Heritage W.A. Bassendean Railway Museum, where it is presently displayed.

WAGR Ra class

The WAGR Ra class were a total of 14 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1909 to 1948.

The Ra class came about as a result of the need for more powerful engines on lightly-laid lines in rural areas. A trailing set of wheels was fitted behind the driving wheels to allow the standard R class to traverse the lighter rails, becoming the Ra class. Several locos were converted to Ra and then converted back to R and then converted to Ra again depending on the needs of the WAGR.

Withdrawals for the Ra began in the 1920s as part of a program to replace and upgrade the WAGR's aging fleet of locomotives which resulted from a 1922 Royal Commission. Curiously the Ra designation was abolished in 1933 but those that remained continued operating with Ra specifications under the R designation.

No. 174 has been preserved but was converted into its original R class form shortly after withdrawal to represent the class in its original condition, it is now on display at the ARHS Rail Heriateg W.A. Bassendean Railway Museum.

List of programs broadcasted by UPN

these is a list of programming that aired on UPN during 11 years from 1995 to 2006.

WAGR S class (1888)

The WAGR S class were a pair of small well-tank steam locomotives operated originally by the Great Southern Railway (GSR) and later by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1888 to 1916.

The S class were built by Kitson & Coy of Leeds, England in 1888 and 1892 for use at Albany as shunters for the Great Southern Railway, in 1896 the GSR was taken over by the WAGR, and both were withdrawn in 1915 and 1916. Both were sold to the Australian federal government to help in the construction of Henderson Naval Base in Perth (near Cockburn).

In 1923 both were transferred to Canberra, ACT to construct Parliament House, the new base of the Australian government. In 1927 both were sold once more to NSW Associated Blue Metal Quarries, carrying numbers 1 and 2. No. 2 was scrapped in 1932 at Bass Point Quarry in Shellharbour, while No. 1 lasted a bit longer and after operating at Prospect Quarry, it was scrapped in 1938.

WAGR T class

The WAGR T class were a total of 10 steam locomotives originally operated by the Great Southern Railway (GSR) and later the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1888 to 1952.

The T class were built from 1887 to 1889 by Beyer, Peacock & Coy of Manchester, England and Kitson & Coy of Leeds, England for the GSR, standard practice on the GSR was the naming of locomotives rather than numbering and class designation, the first of the line was named "Hordern", and so the class have been nicknamed the "Hordern class" unofficially.

On the GSR they were used on mainline trains, also handling all through mail from Albany to Perth. When the GSR was taken over by the WAGR in 1896, they continued working their normal routes until the turn of the 19 century when larger locomotives began replacing them. They became relegated to shunting and utility work, hauling niche trains like the Commissioner's inspection train.

Withdrawals of the T class began in 1924 to 1926, and continued again in 1940, with the last two withdrawn and scrapped in 1948 and 1952.

Friedrich Brandstetter

Friedrich Brandstetter (29 November 1891 – 7 October 1926) was an Austrian football player. He played for SK Rapid Wien as defender. He also played one match for the Austrian national football team.
Fritz Brandstetter began his football career with his older brother Josef in 1908 at Rapid Vienna. He was part of the famous Rapid team that won the first Austrian football championship in 1912 under coach Dionys Schönecker. His career came to an abrupt end due to the First World War. Fritz Brandstetter suffered a serious knee injury that no longer allowed him to play football. He died in 1926 of a lung disease. This was also a late consequence of the First World War.
He made his only appearance for the Austrian national team on 3 November 1912 versus Hungary .

Falling Away from Me

"Falling Away from Me" is the leading single from Korn's fourth studio album "Issues". It went to number 24 in the United Kingdom and Peru, number 25 in Scotland, number 77 in the Netherlands, number 62 in Australia and number 86 in Germany and deals with child abuse.








WAGR U class (1903)

The WAGR U class was a single small side tank steam locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1904 to 1940.

The U class was built in 1903 by Vulcan Foundry of Newton-le-Willows, England with a crane that could lift up to three tons. It was numbered 7 and used exclusively at Midland Railway Workshops. In 1925 No. 7 was rebuilt with the crane being removed and fuel capacity increased. It continued in service until 1940 when it was withdrawn and scrapped.

Elsie Paroubek

Eliška Paroubek, more commonly known as Elsie Paroubek ( – between 8 April and 9 May 1911) was a Czech American girl from city of Chicago, Illinois who was a kidnapping and murder victim who was the subject of many newspapers and whose story inspired a book.

She was born the daughter of František Paroubek (1867–1913) and his wife Karolína Paroubek née Vojackova (1869–1927). 

On 8 April 1911, when Elsie was four or five years old, she disappeared. Eventually, when they failed to find her, her parents contacted the authorities and they helped search for her. When they failed to find her, authorities from the nearby states of Wisconsin and Minnesota, helped authorities from the state of Illinois to find her. Several newspapers regarding the disappearance of Elsie Paroubek was printed in the hopes that she still may be found alive. One month later on 9 May, Elsie Paroubek's dead body was discovered near the city of Lockport which is about 30 miles southwest of Chicago. Her death turned out to be a murder. She was buried three days later on 12 May. More than 2,500 people attended Elsie's funeral. 
Elsie's disappearance and murder appeared in several newspapers. Inspired by her disappearance and murder, Henry Darger wrote a popular novel about it.

Tomorrow Comes Today

"Tomorrow Comes Today" is a 2000 EP and 2002 song by English band Gorillaz. It was taken from their EP of the same name and is the fourth single from their debut studio album "Gorillaz" and went to number 33 in the United Kingdom.

Enhanced CD EP (2000)

12-inch EP (2000)

CD single (2002)

DVD single (2002)

12-inch single (2002)

Jamie Hewlett

Jamie Hewlett is an artist. He created the Tank Girl comics and drew the Gorillaz characters.

Pom Klementieff

Pom Alexandra Klementieff (French: [pɔm klemɑ̃tjɛf]; born 3 May 1986) is a French actress. She is best known for playing Mantis in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) and Paris in "".

Mantis (Marvel Comics)

Mantis is a fictional character and superheroine from the Marvel Comics universe. She is also known as the Celestial Madonna. The real name of the character is Brandt. Mantis has been a in the "Guardians of the Galaxy and" "Avengers" comics.

Mantis has been a member of the Avengers, the Knowhere Corps and the Guardians of the Galaxy. She usually refers to herself as "this one". The character is a human-mutate due to being a Kree experiment.

She was created by Steve Englehart. The character first appeared in "Avengers #112" in June 1973.

Mantis is played by French actress Pom Klementieff in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). She is in the movies "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2" (2017), "" (2018), "" (2019), "" (2022), "The Guardians of the Galaxy Holiday Special" (2022) and "Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 3" (2023). In the MCU, the character is a daughter of Ego and a half sister to Peter Quill, Star-Lord.

Johnny's Greatest Hits

Johnny's Greatest Hits is a greatest hits album by Johnny Mathis. It was released on 17 March, 1958 through Columbia Records and went to number 1 for three weeks in the United States and spent a then record 490 weeks in the countdown.




Didactic method

A didactic method is a teaching method that follows a consistent educational style to present information to students. 
The discipline of didactics is interested in both theoretical knowledge and practical activities related to teaching, learning and their conditions. It is concerned with the content of teaching (the "what"), the method of teaching (the "how") and the reasons of curricular choices (the "why"). It focuses on the individual learner and their cognitive functioning when they learn. It uses cognitive psychology and the theory of teaching, and sometimes social psychology. 
In continental Europe, as opposed to English-speaking research cultures, pedagogy and didactics are distinct areas of study. Didactics is a knowledge-based discipline concerned with the descriptive and rational study of all teaching-related activities before, during and after the teaching of content in the classroom, which includes the "planning, control and regulation of the teaching context" and its objective is to analyze how teaching leads to learning. On the other hand, pedagogy is a practice-oriented discipline concerned with the normative study of the applied aspects of teaching in real teaching contexts inside the classroom.

Microsoft Azure

Microsoft Azure, often referred to as Azure, is a cloud computing platform run by Microsoft.

WAGR V class

The WAGR V class were a total of 24 large steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1955 to 1972.

The V class were ordered in 1951 from Beyer, Peacock & Coy but due to limited production capabilities Beyer, Peacock & Coy were forced to contract Robert Stephenson & Hawthorn of Darlington, England to build them, though they still received Bayer, Peacock serial numbers.

The design was modern and utilised quite modern technology for the time. When the V class entered service to haul heavy coal traffic from Collie on the South Western mainline. The V class had a dependable and free-steaming reputation among crews and witnesses, they later saw further service on the Great Southern line from York to Albany.

Withdrawals began in 1971 and ended in 1972 with No. 1220 hauling the "Farewell to Steam special" from Brunswick Junction to Collie marking the official end of steam on the WAGR. Four of the V class are preserved, one formerly based at Pemberton hauled the last mainline freight in Western Australia by steam in 1992 and last industrial use by steam in 2005, it was since moved to the Hotham Valley Railway. One is on display at Collie Old Station Museum, another at ARHS Rail Heritage W.A. Bassendean Railway Museum, and the fourth is preserved at the Bellarine Peninsula Railway in Victoria.

Niamh Kavanagh

Niamh Kavanagh (born 13 February 1968) is an Irish singer. In 1993, she won the Eurovision Song Contest, representing Ireland with the song "In Your Eyes". 

She also participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 2010 with "It's For You", but finished in 23rd place out of 25 contestants. She also announced the results of the Irish public vote in Eurovision 2008 and the jury vote in Eurovision 2023.

Kavanagh has also taken part in several other Eurovision events. In 2018, she stopped her singing career.

Senhit

Senhit Zadik Zadik (born 1 October 1979), better known by her first name Senhit, is an Eritrean-Italian singer. 

She represented San Marino in the Eurovision 2011 with the song "Stand By", but did not qualify for the final.

Senhit returned to Eurovision in 2021, representing San Marino with her song "Adrenalina". She performed the song with American rapper Flo Rida. They finished 22nd out of 26 entries, with 50 points.

WAGR W class

The WAGR W class were a total of 60 large steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1951 to 1972.

The W class were initially proposed by C.M.E. Frederick Mills in 1947, but his death in 1949 delayed the project. Beyer, Peacock & Coy of Manchester, England had already been advised of the design but identified multiple design flaws which they addressed in a meeting held in the UK in 1950.

Alterations included the firebox which was shaped to suit Collie coal which was notorious for its bad quality. Once they entered service, the W class could be found across the network on primary goods trains, though they did haul passengers as well, such as the "Australind" from Perth to Bunbury.

The reputation of the W class was good being depicted as strong and free-steamers with sound reliability. Minor teething problems and faults were attributed to poor welding resulting in no fewer than 34 W class laid up for repair at one point, though these issues had been eliminated by the late 1950s.

Withdrawals began in 1968 and ended in 1972 with the end of steam on the WAGR. 15 of the W class have been preserved with several in South Australia and one in the Northern Territory. They also make up the majority of the steam heritage operations on the Hotham Valley Railway in Dwellingup, Western Australia.

WAGR X class

The WAGR X class were a total of 48 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1954 to 1988.

The X class were built by Beyer, Peacock & Coy of Manchester, England and Metropolitan-Vickers of Stockton-on-Tees, England from 1954 to 1956. Due to their light axle loads, they were immediately pressed into service around the entire network, they were allocated to express trains despite being designed for goods traffic. Their rigid frames made them rough riders, but because didn't require turning around they were still considered more efficient.

The engine used in the X class initially was untested and had various faults, issues and problems causing severe reliability concerns with resulting failures causing a Royal Commission into the matter which recommended the complete replacement of the X class. Midland Railway Workshops managed to continually repair, alter, and rebuild the X class to make them serviceable.

Some members of the class became the Xa class due to being fitted with twin/dual air (vacuum) braking. Withdrawals of the X class started in 1973, with the X class relegated to working grain trains on the South Western mainline in their dwindling years along with serving the Fremantle to Perth section of the Eastern Railway when it reopened. In 1988 the last of the X class was withdrawn.

One of the X class is preserved on display at the ARHS Rail Heritage W.A. Bassendean Railway Museum, and another five Xa class are also preserved.

WAGR Xa class

The WAGR Xa class were a total of 16 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1955 to 1988.

The Xa class resulted from fitting dual air braking to the standard X class, this was done to allow them to operate salt trains on the Esperance branch, with braking systems manufactured by Davies & Metcalfe Ltd of Manchester, England. Two were converted to Xa to work with Queensland Rail SX class carriages hired by the WAGR for suburban services.

Five of the Xa class are preserved in various locations including the Hotham Valley Railway, Bassendean Railway Museum, and at Narrogin.

WAGR Xb class

The WAGR Xb class were a total of 10 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1963 to 1986.

The Xb was the result of converting standard X class locomotives by fitting them with multiple unit control (MUC) like the Xa class. Said locos were not fitted with communication doors or renumbered. None of the XB survived into preservation with the last being withdrawn from active service and scrapped in 1986.

WAGR Y class

The WAGR Y class were a total of 18 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways from 1953 to 1990.

The Y class were built by British Thomson-Houston (BTH) of Rugby, England in conjunction with the Clayton Equipment Coy (CEL) of Derbyshire, England who assembled and tested the locos before shipment at Hatton with separate builder's plates displayed for each business on every loco.

Mostly the Y class were used for shunting duties at Perth and Fremantle, but some did haul goods trains on the Northern Railway around Geraldton and Pinjarra on the Hotham Valley Railway.

In total 7 Y class have been preserved, with one at the South West Rail & Heritage Centre, Boyanup and the Bassendean Railway Museum. Another is stored at Boulder Railway Station in Kalgoorlie with 4 also displayed/stored after operating timber services at Pemberton, though their current disposition is unknown.

Windows 8 editions

Windows 8 editions only comes in the following editions.
Windows Vista and Windows 7 Upgrade only.

WAGR Z class

The WAGR Z class were a total of 3 small diesel-mechanical locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1953 to 1983.

The Z class were ordered from the Drewry Car Coy who subcontracted the order to Robert Stephenson & Hawthorn Ltd (RSH) of Newcastle, England. Upon arrival in Western Australia, the Z class were allocated to shunt the jetties at Bunbury and Busselton along with other Southern ports.

In 1983 the Z class were all withdrawn, with all being preserved as No. 1151 went to Steamtown, Peterborough in South Australia, and No. 1153 went to the Boulder Loopline Railway where it is presently stored as the line is permanently closed.

No. 1152 is operational and being used on works trains on the Hotham Valley Railway and is the assigned shunter at Pinjarra; No. 1152 was also loaned to Downer EDI Works Ltd to aid in the construction of a rail depot at Nowergup, featured as part of the extension of the Northern Suburbs Railway.

Marcia Williams

Marcia Williams was Harold Wilson's secretary and political assistant. 

City Island (TV Series)

City Island is a children’s animated short television series created by Aaron Augenblick. It premiered on December 26, 2022, and is produced by PBS Kids and Future Brain Media.

Balkhash (city)

Balkhash (; ) is a city in the Qaraghandy Region of Kazakhstan, it is on the shore of Lake Balqash. It has a population of almost 78,000 people (as of 2023). Previously, the name of the city was Pribalkhashstroi ().

The city area also includes four settlements: Gulshat, Sayak, Saryshagan and Shashubai.

Copper was found the area in 1928. This led to the city being built. Small settlements for workers were built around the Balkhash mining and metallurgical plant.

On April 11, 1937, Balkhash became a city. The plan of the city was designed by the Leningrad Research and Design Institute of Urban Planning. People from all over the Soviet Union took part in the construction of the city and the copper plant. The Balkhash construction project was then called the “Balkhash Giant”, and it was prestigious to work on the construction. This can be confirmed by the words of the first secretary of the Communist Party of the Kazakh SSR, Levon Mirzoyan: “Years will pass, the construction of the Balkhash giant will end, and a person who says that he spent five years on this construction site will be treated with great respect. Anyone who works on Balkhash , earns an honorable position in the country".

On January 12, 1936, the first house with a large number of floors for living was built in the city. A significant part of the workers moved to comfortable apartments.

For the period from 1938 to 1941, the government invested 550 million Soviet rubles in the construction of the city, of which 122 millions were for the construction of houses for living. The city began to develop very fast.

In the 1940s, about 40,000 people lived in this city. There was a copper factory and the Kounrad mine, a meat processing plant, a bread factory, fishing companies, and a beer production plant. Much attention was paid to the development of agriculture and gardening. There were no universities, but there were 2 technical schools and 5 secondary and 10 primary schools. In total, about 2000 people studied there. There was a newspaper "Balkhash Worker" in two languages. Several bus routes were opened throughout the city.

On June 22, 1941, Nazi Germany invaded the territory of the USSR, this became the beginning of the Great Patriotic War.

During the Great Patriotic War (the Russian name for World War II), most of the men went to war and women replaced them at the copper factory. 11,532 people of Balkhash fought during the war.

A system of distributing goods by cards was introduced. There was a shortage of goods in the country. Residents of the city were given cards for bread, sugar and other goods. Workshop managers were required to work at full productivity and use the patriotic desires of the workers.

After the war, Japanese prisoners of war constructed the city. For example, they built the buildings of the Palace of Metallurgists and the airport.

In April 1987, the city was awarded the Order of Friendship of Peoples ().

In the end of the 1990s, the situation in the city (as well as in the country’s economy) stabilized. Schools, clinics, and technical schools started to work stably.

The city is located on the northern coast of the Lake Balkash.

The city is located about 500 km west of the border with China and about 300 km south of Qaraghandy, the administrative center of the region.

70 kilometers north of Balkhash is the mountainous area of Bektau-Ata. The highest point is 1213 m above sea level. 

Balkhash has a continental climate. Winters here are very cold and summers are very hot. The average annual temperature in the city is 6.3 °C (43.3 °F). 

The average winter temperature is -11.7 °C (10.7 °F) and the average summer temperature is 22.9 °C (73.2 °F):

The population was highest in 1989, when 100,533 people lived in the city.

As of 2023, there are 73739 people living in Balkhash and 77787 people are living in the urban area of the city. The population density is 320 people per km².

People of more than 60 nationalities live in Balkhash. This is because when the city was built, people came here from all over the Soviet Union. Also in the 30-40s, some peoples who were repressed were brought here.

Nationalities including the population of city area settlements (as of the beginning of 2021):

Most of the city's people are Muslim Kazakhs. There is a central mosque in the city under the control of the Spiritual Administration of Muslims of Kazakhstan.

There is also a Russian Orthodox Church and a Catholic Church in the city.

In 2023, the city received 7.4 trillion tenge in taxes.

Balkhash is an important transit city linking Almaty and Astana, the country's two largest cities.

Balkhash is one of the most important centers of metallurgy in Kazakhstan. A large copper area, discovered in 1928-30, is being mined in villages north of the lake, such as Konyrat and Sayak. From there, copper is transported to the Balkhash plant.

In 1967, at the London International Exhibition, Balkhash copper was recognized as the world standard of copper.

Popular recreational activities on Lake Balkhash are beach tourism and water sports: sailing, kayaking and canoeing, and sport fishing.

Festival of British Popular Songs

The Festival of British Popular Songs was a song competition organised by the BBC. It began in 1956 following the success of the Eurovision Song Contest. Due to being so long ago, the names of performers and songs who took part are no longer known.

The first Festival of British Popular Songs was held from May to October 1956. 36 songs took part across six semi-finals. Each semi-final had six songs and the winning song of each semi-final went through to the final. The winning song was decided by music experts, who used a scoreboard to rank the songs by points.
In 1957, the United Kingdom joined the Eurovision Song Contest. The Festival of British Popular Songs was used to decide the UK's entry. The Festival was made shorter, with three semi-finals instead of six. The two winners of each semi-final went through to the final. The songs were scored by ten twelve-member juries representing major cities around the UK.

AEW Dynamite

AEW Dynamite is a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It is shown on Wednesday nights at 8 p.m. Eastern Time (ET). It first started airing on October 2, 2019. It is viewed as AEW's flagship program.

"Dynamite" airs on TBS in the United States, TSN in Canada, TUDN in Mexico, ITV network in the United Kingdom, DMAX in Germany, Toonami in France, Sky Sport in Italy, and ESPN2 in Oceania.

On May 15, 2019, it was announced that TNT would air "Dynamite". This was the first time that a professional wrestling weekly program was shown on TNT since "WCW Monday Nitro" from World Championship Wrestling (WCW) ended on March 26, 2001. Livestreaming would be streamed on B/R Live.

In August 2019, WWE announced that they would be moving "NXT" in the same time slot as "Dynamite", which would have them end up competing with each other and would help usher in the Wednesday Night Wars. An average of 1.409 million viewers tuned into the debut episode of "Dynamite". This was the largest television debut on TNT in the last five years. The war ended when WWE announced that they were moving "NXT" to Tuesdays on April 13, 2021.

On January 5, 2022, "Dynamite" moved networks from TNT to TBS.

Pseudophilautus semiruber

Pseudophilautus semiruber is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it 1750 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is about 12-13.4 mm long from nose to rear end. Its skin is smooth and its legs are not thick. It is gray-brown in color. There are white spots with red around them on the sides of the body. The middle of the back and tops of the legs are red in color. There are dark marks on parts of the legs. There is some white color on the throat.

Hylodes uai

Hylodes uai is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais, Brazil. People have seen it in the Serra do Caraça Mountains.

AEW Rampage

AEW Rampage is a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It is shown on Friday nights at 10 p.m. Eastern Time (ET). It first started airing on August 13, 2021. It is viewed as one of AEW's secondary programs. It was the main secondary show until it was replaced by "Collision".

"Rampage" airs on TNT in the United States, TSN's app and direct service in Canada, ITV1 in the United Kingdom, DMAX in Germany, Toonami in France, Sky Sport in Italy, and ESPN2 in Oceania.

On January 15, 2020, there was a US$175 million contract extension announced for "Dynamite". One part of the announcement was a new show to be made. It would be revealed as "Rampage" in May 2021.

"Rampage" competed against WWE's "SmackDown" once when it aired on FS1 because of the 2021 MLB playoffs. During this night, "Rampage" defeated "SmackDown" in their key viewer demographic of people aged 18 to 49. They had 328,000 viewers compared to SmackDown's 285,000 viewers.

On January 5, 2022, it was announced that "Rampage" and "Dynamite" would move networks from TNT to TBS. It was then announced that only "Dynamite" would move while "Rampage" stayed on TNT.

Lord of the Lost

Lord of the Lost are a German rock band from Hamburg. They represented Germany in the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 with the song "Blood & Glitter". They finished in last place with 18 points.

Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades

The Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades also known as Al Qassam Brigades is the military wing of the Palestinian organization Hamas. They operate in the Gaza Strip and are responsible for various military activities, including rocket attacks against Israel. The group was founded in the late 1980s and is named after Izz ad-Din al-Qassam, a Syrian preacher and nationalist leader who played a role in the Arab anti-colonial struggle in the early 20th century. The Brigades have been involved in conflicts with Israel.


Wythenshawe

Wythenshawe is the southern part of the city of Manchester, south of the River Mersey. Until 1931 it was part of Cheshire. It was the largest council estate in Europe. Manchester Airport is on the southern border.

Marco Mengoni

Marco Mengoni (born 25 December 1988) is an Italian singer. He became famous in 2009 after winning the Italian version of "The X Factor". In 2013, he won the Sanremo Music Festival 

Mengoni represented Italy in the Eurovision Song Contest 2013 with the song "L'essenziale". He finished in 7th place. In 2023, he won the Sanremo Music Festival again and represented Italy at Eurovision with "Due vite", finishing 4th.

Noel Fielding

Noel Fielding (born 21 May 1973) is an English actor and comedian. He is currently a host of "The Great British Bake Off", a British television programme. He has been a host since 2017. He works with other hosts, such as: Sandi Toksvig (2017–2020), Matt Lucas (2020-2022) and Alison Hammond (2023–present).

Patricia Bredin

Patricia Bredin (14 February 1935 - 13 August 2023) was an English actress and former singer. She won the Festival of British Popular Songs in 1957. 

After winning the Festival of British Popular Songs, she became the first person to represent the United Kingdom in the Eurovision Song Contest 1957 with the song "All". She finished 7th place out of 10 entries. Following this, she starred in multiple British films and television shows.

Her first husband, Ivor Emmanuel, died on their honeymoon. Bredin owned a farm of cows for over ten years and released a memoir called "My Fling on the Farm." Bredin died on 13 August 2023 in Nova Scotia.

AEW Collision

AEW Collision is a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It is shown on Saturdays at 9 p.m. Eastern Time (ET). It first started airing on June 17, 2023. It is viewed as one of AEW's secondary programs. It is the main secondary show, replacing "Rampage" in that spot.

"Collision" airs on TNT in the United States, TSN's app and direct service in Canada, ITV4 in the United Kingdom, and more.

On February 15, 2023, the name "Collision" was trademarked by All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

The show "AEW Collision" was officially announced by AEW on May 17, 2023. The announcement said that "Collision" would be two hours, air on Saturdays at 8 p.m. Eastern Time (ET) and start June 17, 2023.

It was reported that "Collision" would take "Rampage'"s spot as a main secondary program and that "Rampage" would take over the duty of both "Dark" and "" after they were cancelled to make way for "Collision".

Tagalog people

The Tagalog people (Tagalog: mga Tagalog) are the largest ethnic group in the Philippines. An Austronesian people, the Tagalogs are local to the Metro Manila and Calabarzon regions of southern Luzon, and include the most in the provinces of Bulacan, Bataan, Nueva Ecija and Aurora in Central Luzon and in the islands of Marinduque and Mindoro in Mimaropa.

Takanobu Nishi

Takanobu Nishi is a Japanese archer. He was born on 12 March 1951. Nishi competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Kiyokazu Nishikawa

Kiyokazu Nishikawa is a Japanese archer. He was born on 10 November 1972. Nishikawa competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Deborah Ann Woll

Deborah Ann Woll (born February 7, 1985) is an American actress. She well known for playing Jessica Hamby in the HBO drama series "True Blood" (2008–2014) for which she earned her a nomination for a Screen Actors Guild Award. She then starred as Karen Page in the Marvel series "Daredevil" (2015–2018), "The Defenders" (2017), and "The Punisher" (2017–2019). Her movie roles include "Mother's Day" (2010), "Seven Days in Utopia" (2011), "Someday This Pain Will Be Useful to You" (2011), "Catch .44" (2011), "Ruby Sparks" (2012), "Meet Me in Montenegro" (2014), "The Automatic Hate" (2015), and the commercially-successful "Escape Room" (2019) and its 2021 sequel. In 2022, she was the voice and did the motion capture of Faye in the video game "".

WAGR Ja class

The WAGR Ja class were a total of 3 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways from 1907 to 1924.

The Ja class resulted from the rebuilding of the J class at Midland Railway Workshops in 1907 to improve performance, fitting them with Q class boilers left over from Qa class conversions, the frames of the J class having to be extended to accommodate for the boilers. In this form, the locos steamed better and reportedly did good work on mixed trains. By 1913 the Ja designation was abolished reverting back to the J class as all original locos had been converted. All were withdrawn in early 1924 and after repairs were sold off into the timber industry.

Carrossel

Carrossel is a Brazilian children's telenovela. It was created by Íris Abravanel. It originally aired on SBT from 21 May 2012 to 26 July 2013. The series stars Maisa Silva, Guilherme Seta, Rosanne Mulholland, Larissa Manoela and Jean Paulo Campos.


Naoto Oku

Naoto Oku is a Japanese archer. He was born on 16 October 1971. Oku competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Toyoko Oku

Toyoko Oku is a Japanese archer. She was born on 14 June 1966. Oku competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Ai Ouchi

Ai Ouchi is a Japanese archer. She was born on 17 September 1974. Ouchi competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Minako Sato

Minako Sato is a Japanese archer. She was born on 20 September 1955. Sato competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Ichiro Shimamura

Ichiro Shimamura is a Japanese archer. He was born on 11 March 1949. Shimamura competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Hiroshi Yamamoto

Hiroshi Yamamoto is a Japanese archer. He was born on 31 October 1962. Yamamoto competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics, 1988 Summer Olympics, 1992 Summer Olympics, 1996 Summer Olympics, and the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Azusa Yamauchi

Azusa Yamauchi is a Japanese archer. She was born on 11 September 1998. Yamauchi competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Kyoko Yamazaki

Kyoko Yamazaki is an archer from Japan. She was born on 3 November 1954. Yamazaki competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Iliana Biridakis

Iliana Biridakis is a retired Jordanian archer. She was born on 29 September 1959. Biridakis competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

WAGR C class

The WAGR C class were a total of 22 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1902 to 1961.

The C class were originally built by the Baldwin Locomotive Works (BLW) of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA in 1902 for use on mixed passenger services and mail trains on the Eastern Railway, Eastern Goldfields Railway, and the Great Southern Railway, later venturing further to the Northern Railway and South Western mainline.

10 of the class were built at Midland Railway Workshops as the Ca class, and the original was rebuilt from 1908 to 1918. From 1929 seventeen were superheated becoming the Cs class. Four were allocated to the Railway Department's own sawmill at Banksiadale in the early 1950s becoming the last of the class in service and were sold off along with the sawmill in 1961, and after road transport rendered the locos surplus to requirements they were sent to Subiaco and scrapped in 1964.

Ilfat Abdullin

Ilfat Rinatovich Abdullin is a Kazakhstani archer. She was born on 29 September 1959. Abdullin competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Anastassiya Bannova

Anastassiya Bannova is an archer from Kazakhstan. She was born on 26 February 1989. Bannova competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

WAGR Ca class

The WAGR Ca class were a total of 10 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1915 to 1949.

The Ca class were built at Midland Railway Workshops in 1915 as 4-6-2 tender engines, matching the rebuilt design of the standard C class which was originally built as a 4-6-0. In 1919 the Ca designation was abolished as all C class engines were practically identical, so all had the 'a' suffix dropped. All were rebuilt to Cs class specifications from 1929 to 1949, with the last scrapped in 1964 at Subiaco.

WAGR Cs class

The WAGR Cs class were a total of 16 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1929 to 1961.

The Cs class were the result of superheating standard C class locomotives from 1929 to 1949. The Cs class turned out to be a success hence why conversions continued until the late 1940s. Withdrawals started in the 1950s with the arrival of the W class, by 1961 all had been withdrawn, with the last scrapped in 1964 at Subiaco.

WAGR D class

The WAGR D class were a total of 20 large side tank steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1912 to 1964.

The D class were built by the North British Locomotive Coy as 4-6-4s for suburban passenger services in and around Perth, however, some also performed goods runs to Bunbury and Northam. All but one were superheated from 1932 forming the Ds class, one of which also had its side tanks extended, becoming the prototype for the Dm and Dd classes. Withdrawals started in 1953 until the last was withdrawn in 1965, all were scrapped.

WAGR Ds class

The WAGR Ds class were a total of 19 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1931 to 1964.

The D class were the result of fitting superheated boilers to the standard D class, this was done to all but 1 from 1931. Withdrawals started in 1953 with the last scrapped and withdrawn in 1965.

WAGR Dm class

The WAGR Dm class were a total of 8 large steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1945 to 1971.

The Dm class came about due to pressures resulting from aging and overworked motive power which was already understocked. The Dm class were based on the D class suburban tank engines and were constructed from E class tender engines. They operated commuter services in Perth and performed banking duties along the Midland to Chidlow section of the Eastern Railway. The first of the class was withdrawn in 1968 and the last in 1971, with all being scrapped.

WAGR Dd class

The WAGR Dd class were a total of 10 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1946 to 1972.

The Dd class were built from scratch at Midland Railway Workshops for suburban service in Perth. However, they did work as far as Bunbury on the South Western mainline and Merredin on the Eastern Railway. The first was withdrawn in 1969 with the rest following in 1971 to 1972 with the end of steam on the WAGR.

Two of the Dd have been preserved, No. 592 is on display at the ARHS Rail Heritage W.A. Bassendean Railway Museum and No. 596 is also owned by the ARHS but is displayed at Gosnells Railway Markets.

Karen Page

Karen Page is a fictional Marvel Comics character and is the love interest of the superhero Daredevil, under Matt Murdock's employ as his legal secretary. In 1999, Page was killed by Bullseye, and since the 1980s her role as primary love interest has been superseded by Elektra Natchios. Created by writer Stan Lee and artist Bill Everett, she first appeared in "Daredevil" #1 (April 1964).

Karen Page was portrayed by Ellen Pompeo in the 2003 feature movie "Daredevil", and by Deborah Ann Woll in the Marvel Television streaming television productions "Daredevil", "The Defenders", and "The Punisher", set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). She will return in Marvel Studios Disney+ series "".

WAGR E class

The WAGR E class were a total of 65 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1902 to 1963.

The E class were built by Nasmyth, Wilson & Coy of Salford, England and Vulcan Foundry of Newton-le-Willows, England for use on long-distance expresses. They were the first 4-6-2 locomotives in Australia, a further 20 were built in 1911 by the North British Locomotive Coy.

Upon the E classes' entry into service, they were an immediate success and from 1924 to 1925 most were superheated, becoming the Es class. In 1934 two E class locos had their weight reduced becoming the Ea class, and several more were converted while being superheated and classified Eas. The last E class was withdrawn in 1963. No. 308 is preserved at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

Figueira da Foz

Figueira da Foz is a city and a municipality in the Coimbra District in Portugal. In 2011, 62,125 people lived there.

Aveiro District

Aveiro District () is in the central coastal region of Portugal. The capital of the district is the city of Aveiro.

Aveiro District has 19 municipalities:

Braga District

The district of Braga () is a district in the northwest of Portugal. The district capital is the city of Braga. It is bordered by the district of Viana do Castelo in the north, Vila Real in the east, Galicia (a Spanish autonomous community) in the northeast and Porto in the south. Its area is . 831,368 people live there.

The district has 14 municipalities:

Porto District

The District of Porto () is on the north-west coast of Portugal. The district capital is the city of Porto, the second largest city in the country. It is bordered by the Aveiro and Viseu districts to the south, Braga district to the north and Vila Real district to the east. Its area is . 1,817,172 people live there.

The district has 18 municipalities:

WAGR Es class

The WAGR Es class were a total of 19 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1924 to 1958.

The Es class were the result of superheating the standard E class which was built for express services. The superheated boilers were built by Midland Railway Workshops who fitted them to the E class when they went in for repairs. In their superheated form, the engines consumed less coal and were more cost-efficient on heavier trains. Some were fitted with larger cylinders and classed Esl, those who retained original cylinders became Eso - however, these designations were later dropped, becoming simply the Es class. No. 308 has been preserved and is on display at Bassendean Railway Museum.

Viseu District

The District of Viseu ( ) is in the Central Inland of Portugal. The district capital is the city of Viseu.

The district has 24 municipalities:

Beja District

The District of Beja () is in southern Portugal. The district capital is the city of Beja. It is the largest district of the country by area.

The district has 14 municipalities: 

Leiria District

The District of Leiria () is in central Portugal. The district capital is the city of Leiria.

Santarém District

The District of Santarém () is in central Portugal. The district capital is the city of Santarém. Its area is . 475,344 people live there.

The district has 21 municipalities:

Castelo Branco District

The District of Castelo Branco () is in central Portugal. The district capital is the city of Castelo Branco. Its area is . 225,916 people live there.

The district has 11 municipalities:

Castelo Branco, Portugal

Castelo Branco is a city and municipality in Portugal. It is the capital of the district of the same name. In 2021, 52,291 people lived there.

Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug

Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug–Yugra (Russian and Mansi: Ханты-Мансийский автономный округ — Югра, "Khanty-Mansiysky avtonomny okrug — Yugra;" Khanty: Хӑнты-Мансийской Aвтономной Округ) is a federal subject of Russia (an autonomous okrug of Tyumen Oblast). In 2010, 1,532,243 people lived there. The administrative center is Khanty-Mansiysk.

Khanty-Mansiysk

Khanty-Mansiysk (, lit. "Khanty-Mansi Town"; Khanty: , "Jomvoćś"; Mansi: , "Abga") is a city in Russia. It is the administrative center of Khanty-Mansi Autonomous Okrug. In 2010, 80,151 people lived there.

Grocer

In the United Kingdom and other countries, a grocer, grocery store or a greengrocer is a type of shop that has historically sold food, mostly vegetables and fruits with sometimes addition of other food items. A greengrocer sold mostly fresh fruit and vegetables. Grocers sold more varied food. Grocers shops are usually small. They are often owned by one or two people - a sole trader or partnership with perhaps a delivery boy or girl on a trade bicycle. They are sometimes turned into corporations but that is rare for single-site businesses. When talking about a greengrocer a person may mean the people that work in such a shop or the shop itself. In the UK and the Commonwealth of Nations, during the Victorian period and up to the middle 21st century, before supermarkets grouped together different shops like bakers, butchers and grocers into a single building, grocers were where most people got their fruits and vegetables. Whilst supermarkets have taken over the role of the type of shop where people buy fruits and vegetables individual greengrocers do still exist, especially in developing countries where supermarkets are not yet used as often or in rural towns out in the countryside. Today greengrocers typically cost more to shop at than the cheaper supermarkets because supermarkets can buy much more food at a time than a grocer can and pay cheaper prices: known as an economies of scale.

Food shops have been around since antiquity. Originally each type of merchandise had a specialised shop where one would go to buy their goods and wares. Before shops, would people typically obtained goods by the barter method or by purchasing locally grown foods and locally made goods from local sellers. Beginning with Middle Eastern towns in the 7th millennium BCE, retail marketplaces emerged when civilizations created money to allow buying and selling more easily. These open-air markets were the first type of retail outlet that could be called shops. By the 17th century, permanent shops with more regular trading hours were beginning to overtake markets and fairs as the main retail outlet. Shopkeepers were active in almost every market town. These shopkeepers sold general merchandise, much like a contemporary convenience store or a general store. As the number of shops grew, they changed. The shopfronts and layouts became more like what people see today. Before the eighteenth century, the typical retail store had no counter, display cases, chairs, mirrors, changing rooms, etc. However, the opportunity for the customer to browse merchandise, touch, and feel products began to be available, with retail innovations from the late 17th and early 18th centuries. By the Victorian period greengrocers were an everyday part of most English towns. This situation continued pretty much the same until the late Victorian period when shops that offered a wider range of products began to be seen. However, in villages, the population could not support larger shops and the reliance on small trade outlets such as greengrocers, bakers, butchers, and general ware shops was the norm. About the turn of the century corner shops (so-called convenience shops) sprang up as mini supermarkets offering all forms of retail items. In the mid-twentieth century, towns were growing larger as people moved from rural areas to urban areas in search of jobs due to the industrial revolution. This made it possible for supermarkets to thrive. Specialized shops such as the baker, butcher, and grocer began to close. In the first decade of the 2000s there was a decline of close to 3000 registered greengrocers on Britain's streets. In April 1997 there were 6,916 registered greengrocers but this had declined to 3,948 by April of 2008.

The Worshipful Company of Grocers has been a trade organization and one of the original "Great" Livery Companies of the City of London holding precedence second in the list of the original companies. Beginning as the Pepperers in 1180 the company was in charge of seeing that spices and pepper were not adultered (were pure) acting as a health and safety organization protecting the public long before laws would be made to do the same. By 1426 the Grocers had moved their headquarters to Grocers Hall in the City of London. The Company had a great influence on the King and on government especially regarding trade and taxation.

With more mechanised transport people began to move back from the cities into the countryside where smaller shops once again found favour. It became trendy to shop at individual shops like the grocers, bakers, and butchers as people had more disposable income and could afford the higher prices. There was also the feeling that people were getting higher quality food from smaller shops and were doing their bit to support local retailers. In some places, greengrocers are making a comeback as people prefer to have the perceived freshness and better person-to-person customer service of a smaller shop.

Coimbra District

The District of Coimbra () is in central Portugal. The district capital is the city of Coimbra.

The district has 17 municipalities:

Miranda do Corvo

Miranda do Corvo is a town and a municipality in the Coimbra District in Portugal. Its area is 126.38 km². In 2011, 13,098 people lived there.

Faro District

Faro District () is the southernmost district of Portugal. The area is the same as that of the Algarve region. The district capital is the city of Faro.

The district has 16 municipalities:

Viana do Castelo District

The District of Viana do Castelo () is in northwest Portugal. The district capital is the city of Viana do Castelo.

The district has 10 municipalities:

Guarda District

The district of Guarda () is in north Portugal. The district capital is the city of Guarda.

The district has 14 municipalities:

Guarda, Portugal

Guarda is a city and municipality in Portugal. It is the capital of the Guarda District. In 2021, 40,126 people lived there.

Portalegre District

The District of Portalegre () is in east Portugal. The district capital is the city of Portalegre.

The district has 15 municipalities:

Bragança District

The District of Bragança () is in northeast Portugal. It is on the border with Spain. The district capital is the city of Bragança.

The district has 10 municipalities:

Portalegre, Portugal

Portalegre is a municipality in Portugal. It is the capital of the Portalegre District. In 2021, 22,368 people lived there.

Bragança, Portugal

Bragança is a city and municipality in Portugal. It is the capital of the Bragança District. In 2011, 35,341 people lived there. Its area is 1173.57 km².

Belmonte, Portugal

Belmonte is a municipality in the Castelo Branco District in Portugal. In 2011, 6,859 people lived there. Its area is 118.76 km².

Covilhã

Covilhã is a city and municipality in the Castelo Branco District in Portugal. In 2021, 46,455 people lived there.

Fundão, Portugal

Fundão is a city and municipality in the Castelo Branco District in Portugal. In 2021, 26,509 people lived there.

Jadeja

The Jadeja (also spelled Jarejo) (Gujarati: ) is a Rajput clan who claim to be descended from the legendary Jamshed of Iran. They also claim descent from Lord Krishna, a Abhira. althrought the word "Jadeja" possbily is derived from 'jadum or Jadam'. Some scholars, regard them as Ahirs. They originated from pastoral communities and laid a claim on the Rajput identity after marriages with Sodha Rajput women by adopting a process called Rajputisation.

WAGR Esl class

The WAGR Esl class were express steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The Esl resulted from fitting the Es class with larger 19-inch diameter cylinders. The 'l' suffix stands for 'large', with 's' meaning 'superheated', hence E class superheated large-cylinders or Esl. By the early 1940s, the Esl designation was folded into the Es designation like the Eso classification, though they continued with Esl modifications. None survived into preservation.

WAGR Eso class

The WAGR Eso class were express steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The Eso was a designation reserved for Es class (superheated E class) locomotives that retained their original 17-inch cylinders in contrast to those that were rebuilt with 19-inch cylinders and classed Esl. By the early 1940s, the Eso classification was abandoned being replaced by the regular Es designation which all under the former classification carried until their withdrawals.

WAGR Ea class

The WAGR Ea class were a total of 3 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1934 to 1939.

The Ea class were the result of rebuilding several E class engines with less weight to run on lighter-laid lines, this was a success. Es class locos were also converted, becoming the Eas class. Despite being successful all had been reverted to their original form by the 1940s. None of the Ea class survives today, however, one Es class is displayed at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

WAGR Eas class

The WAGR Eas class were a total of 4 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1934 to 1937.

The Eas class were the result of altering the Es class to weigh less in order to work on lighter-laid lines around the network, where more powerful locos were required. Despite the modifications being a success all were reconverted to Es class engines from 1936 to 1937, exactly why isn't known.

WAGR Ec class

The WAGR Ec class were a total of 20 heavy-duty steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1901 to 1925.

The Ec class were built by the Baldwin Locomotives Works (BLW) of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA as compounds in place of the awaiting E class, which were also 4-6-2s from Britain. They were assembled at Fremantle Railway Workshops and entered service on the Eastern Goldfields Railway from Northam to Southern Cross.

Some were converted to weigh less to work on lighter-laid lines, being classed the Eca class. Overall the engines were considered a success and were significantly rebuilt from 1923 to 1925 like other aging locomotives that were considered a success, in this form they were reclassified the L class.

Surya Majapahit

Surya Majapahit is a symbol that is found in the ruins of Kingdom of Majapahit era The Symbol is a Sun weight eight rays and a circular disk middle that depicts the gods from the Hindu religion it may be produced after combining the celestial diagram with the Majapahit Solar Sun, or with the normal sun. Since it was often used in the Majapahit era, it may also function as a symbol of the Majapahit Kingdom.

WAGR Eca class

The WAGR Eca class were a total of 9 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1920 to 1925.

The Eca class were the result of reducing the weight of the Ec class 4-6-2 heavy-duty goods engines to run on lighter-laid lines that required more motive power. Conversions started in 1920 but were halted in 1923 when all Ec and Eca class locos were drastically rebuilt as the L class to modernise them for the 1920s.

WAGR L class

The WAGR L class were a total of 20 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1924 to 1958.

The L class were the result of significantly rebuilding the Ec class 4-6-2 heavy goods engines with new boilers, cylinders, and valve gear at Midland Railway Workshops. They operated goods services from Northam to Wongan Hills and onto Mullewa, while also running to Meekatharra on the Northern Railway.

One-point cylinder lubrication was first trialled on the L class being so successful that it became standard on all WAGR stock from then on. The class became riddled with metal fatigue in the 1930s, having new frames fitted to 14 of the class up until 1948. The L class were displaced by the W class and the last was scrapped around 1965

Forts in India

By the 4th century BC, fortified cities were common in India, with the largest being between Mathura and Magadha. The most notable description is one by Megasthenes, who described Pataliputra as guarded by a ditch with wooden walls and 570 towers and 54 gates.

Ancient Indian forts, found in shastras and stupa reliefs, had crenellations, embrasures, and sloping walls. The Arthashastra, an Indian treatise on military strategy, identifies six major types of forts based on their defense modes: Jala-durga (water fort), Antardvipa-durga (island fortress), Sthala-durga (plain fortress), Dhanvana- or Maru-durga (Desert Fort), Giri-durga (Hill fort), Prantara-durga (flat hill summit), Giri-parshva-durga (fortifications and civilian structures extend down to the hill slope), Guha-durga (valley surrounded by hills), Vana-durga (forest fort), Khanjana-durga (built on a fen surrounded by thorny forests), Sthambha-durga (built in the forest among tall trees), Mahi-durga (earthen fort), Parigha-durga (surrounded by earthen walls), Panka-durga (surrounded by fens or quicksand).

The term "fort" became common in India in the 17th-19th century, with local languages adding fort names to local words. British forts used simple designs at first. Many were privately owned. Three major methods of building were used: earthen ramparts, rubble with earth on the outside, or stone and masonry work, which were the strongest. Earthen ramparts allowed for higher and steeper walls, but the earthen core could accumulate water, requiring drainage channels. The third method involved using mortar, which was strong and long-lasting. In medieval India, burying humans in fort walls was believed to keep evil spirits away. The Sri Qila in Delhi buried 8,000 Mughal skulls, and Purandar Fort had a first-born son and wife buried in the foundation. Other fortifications included rock cut water cisterns, ponds, wells, and lakes. Parapets with merlons and loopholes were unique in Indian fortifications. The merlons were semicircular and pointed at the top. Loopholes were made in both merlons and crenels, either looking forward or downward. The shape of loopholes and merlons varied across the castle.

Muslim forts featured a citadel in the center and more space between the citadel and walls. Gates were highly decorated, with two distinct styles: Hindu with a lintel and Mughal with an arch. Forts used natural rock formations for defense against attacks, and the main gate was mostly facing north.

The British established trading posts along the coast to provide security against local rajas and European rival nations. Forts like Mumbai, Fort William, and Fort St George were built. They were simple due to the East India Company's refusal to pay more and the lack of trained engineers. However, hostilities with the French and the Company's growing power led to more complex designs. Many Indian forts were abandoned due to rulers' ambitions and have deteriorated over time, with some remaining private property.

HE 1523-1155

HE 1523-1155 is a metal-poor star in the constellation Libra, the star is located at 15,689 light years away from earth.

Sole proprietorship

A Sole Proprietorship is a type of unincorporated business owned by a single person sand not registered as a corporation. Its profits, debts and taxes are all the financial responsibility of the sole person who is the owner. The owner pays personal income tax on profits earned from the business and is solely responsible for all debts of the business. This means that if they have financial problems it is possible for them to lose their own money or even their house.

Pseudophilautus rugatus

Pseudophilautus rugatus is a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. People have seen it two places: the Farnlands and Taralanda.

This frog is extinct. There are no frogs of this species alive now. Scientists believe they died because human beings changed the places where the frog lives.

One female frog was 17.5 mm long from nose to rear end.

Lunenburg County, Nova Scotia

Lunenburg county Nova Scotia is a section of Nova Scotia coast, the county stretches from Halifax Regional Municipality all the way down

Hylodes dactylocinus

Hylodes dactylocinus is a frog. It lives in Sao Paulo, Brazil. People have seen it on the east side of Serra do Itatins.

Ant &amp; Dec

Ant & Dec (Ant McPartlin; born 1975) and (Dec Donnelly; born 25 September 1975) are British doubleacts were born in Newcastle upon Tyne.
They have been hosts for many game shows and Reality television series, including "I'm A Celebrity, Get Me Out Of Here", English talent show Britain's Got Talent and Limitless Win. They met as both were involved in a CBBC series named Byker Grove.

Hylodes fredi

Hylodes fredi is a frog. It lives in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. People have seen it on an island called Ilha Grande.

Hylodes pipilans

Hylodes pipilans is a frog. It lives in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. People have seen it in exactly one place: Serra dos Órgãos, between 245 and 814 meters above sea level.

Milly Scott

Marion Henriëtte Louise Molly (born 29 December 1933), also known as Milly Scott, is a Dutch singer and actress from a Surinamese family. She is known for being the first black singer to compete in the Eurovision Song Contest.

Scott often faced racism during her career. She began her career in 1953 and worked across Europe with several celebrities including Judy Garland. 

In 1966, Scott won the Dutch contest "National Song Festival" and was chosen to represent the Netherlands in the Eurovision Song Contest 1966. Her song only received 2 points and finished in fifteenth place out of 18.

Imgflip

Imgflip is an Internet meme generating website that allows users to create memes using Artificial Intelligence, text, animated GIF files, images, videos and other digital mediums. Imgflip is owned by Crunchbase which describe imgflip as "an online website for creating and sharing images. It is specialized in memes and GIFs"

Rosie's Rules

Rosie's Rules is a children's animated television series that premiered on October 3, 2022 on PBS Kids and October 11, 2022 on TVOKids, but Got Cancelled in December 31 2023. The show is produced by 9 Story Media Group and its animation division Brown Bag Films.


Self-medication

Self-medicating is a contraversial practuice. It involves the use of drugs by a non-doctor to relieve unwanted symptoms the user has. It differs from recreational drug use in that the drug use is not for fun. Users that administer drugs in this way have usually been diagnosed or have substantial evidence that they have an illness. Self-medication drugs may be obtained by doctors, on-line or from illegal drug dealers. They may also be so desperate to relieve their symptoms, they might steal from the drug from friends, family and any other route they might find.

Australia national Australian rules football team

Australia has a senior Australian rules football team, called the All-Australian team, since 1947. This team, however, does not compete against other countries because a team made of the best Australian players would be too good to play against teams made of the best international players.


List of national Australian rules football teams

This is a list of national Australian rules football teams.

All-Australian team

The All-Australian team is a ceremonial Australian rules football team. The last time it played was against Victoria in 2020 for the State of Origin for Bushfire Relief Match.

AFL Women's All-Australian team

The All-Australian team is a ceremonial women's Australian rules football team.

Victoria Australian rules football team

The Victoria Australian rules football team represents the state of Victoria in Australian rules football.

South Australia Australian rules football team

The South Australia Australian rules football team represents the state of South Australia in Australian rules football.

Western Australia Australian rules football team

The Western Australia Australian rules football team represents the state of Western Australia in Australian rules football.

New South Wales Australian rules football team

The New South Wales Australian rules football team represents the state of New South Wales in Australian rules football.

Queensland Australian rules football team

The Queensland Australian rules football team represents the state of Queensland in Australian rules football.

Tasmania Australian rules football team

The Tasmania Australian rules football team represents the state of Tasmania in Australian rules football.

Northern Territory Australian rules football team

The Northern Territory Australian rules football team represents the Northern Territory in Australian rules football.

Australian Capital Territory Australian rules football team

The Australian Capital Territory Australian rules football team represents the Australian Capital Territory in Australian rules football.

Love Is the Law (The Seahorses song)

"Love Is the Law" is a 1997 debut single by British band The Seahorses and is the leading single from their only studio album "Do It Yourself". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 1 in Scotland, number 38 in Sweden and number 11 in Ireland.

UK, Japanese, and Australian CD single

UK 7-inch single

Viktoriya Beloslyudtseva

Viktoriya Beloslydtseva is an archer from Kazakhstan. She was born on 9 January 1972. Beloslyudtseva competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Sultan Duzelbayev

Sultan Duzelbayev is a Kazakhstani archer. He was born on 12 March 1994. Duzelbayev competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Electric Feel

"Electric Feel" is a 2008 song by MGMT and is the second single from their debut studio album "Oracular Spectacular". It went to number 22 in the United Kingdom, number 21 in Ireland, number 10 in New Zealand, number 7 in Australia and number 53 in Canada.

Gavin Royfee

Gavin Ernest Royfee was born 20 February, 1929 in Christchurch and died 10 July, 2023 in Spreydon, Christchurch. He was a New Zealand first-class cricketer who played three first-class matches for Canterbury in Plunket Shield in the 1952/53 season.


Rudolf Strittich

Rudolf Strittich (3 March 1922 – 10 July 2010) was an Austrian football player and coach.
Strittich began his career at SK Vorwärts Steyr. He played in the first team at the age of 14. 1938/39 went to the German-Bohemian DFC Graslitz. He won the Gau Sudetenland championship in 1940. In 1942 he moved to First Vienna FC. During the war years, Strittich was also briefly active at Hertha BSC.

After the end of the war he played in Steyr. In the winter break he went back to First Vienna FC. The team reached the final of the ÖFB Cup in 1946. In 1950 his career in the Austrian league was abruptly interrupted He and Ernst Sabeditsch were convicted of smuggling raw opium after a Vienna tour of Egypt. They were banned by the ÖFB for a year. After two years abroad he returned to Vienna in 1952, Then he went to France and played for RCFC Besançon . After two seasons he ended his active career due to health reasons.

He played four matches for the Austrian national football team betwenn 1946 and 1949. He debuted on 6 October 1946 in a 2-0 loss versus Hungary. His last match was on 13 November 1949 in a 5-2 win versus Yugoslavia.
In 1955 he began his coaching career at SK Sturm Graz. Then he moved to France. He became coach at his former club RC Besançon. In the spring of 1957 he looked after SV Stickstoff Linz. His next stop abroad was FC Basel in Switzerland. Then he managed Apollon Kalamarias in Greece. After a stint at his parent club Vorwärts Steyr, he moved to Denmark at the beginning of 1961. There he spent the majority of his coaching career. He took over Esbjerg fB. He led the club to the first two championship titles. After a season in Steyr, he returned to Denmark to Viborg FF. Then heagain became coach of Esbjerg from 1965 to 1967. There he won his third championship title. After two years at Aalborg BK, Strittich was appointed coach of the Danish national football team in 1970. He coached the team until 1975. In the 1975/76 season he looked after the Spanish second division club Real Murcia. From 1976 to 1979 he coached Esbjerg again and won his fourth championship title. Strittich then returned to Austria and was briefly coach at Austria Salzburg in 1980.
as player:
as coach:

Ekana Cricket Stadium

Ekana Cricket Stadium is an international standard cricket stadium in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, named after one of the Lord Vishnu's name Ekana. It is a stadium under public-private partnership, built during Samajwadi Party's Government led by Akhilesh Yadav. With a seating capacity of 50,000, it is the third largest international cricket stadium in India.

On 6 November 2018, the stadium hosted its first international match, a Twenty20 International (T20I) between India and the West Indies, becoming the 52nd stadium in India to host an international cricket match. In that match Rohit Sharma became the first cricketer to score four centuries in T20Is. India won that match by 71 runs. The last time Lucknow hosted an international match was in January 1994, when India played a Test match against Sri Lanka at the K. D. Singh Babu Stadium. 
Before its international debut, it also hosted the final of the 2017–18 Duleep Trophy.

Wuxi

Wuxi is a city in China in the province of Jiangsu.

The name Wuxi comes from the "old Chinese language," rather than reflecting the presence of tin in the area. So you might wonder what is the relationship between Wuxi and tin? Before wuxi is discovered in Han dynasty, it has a lot of tin, but after Japan raided China, wuxi became a Concession and they changed the name into Wuxi.

There are a lots of schools in Wuxi, including many international schools. Some of the famous international schools are Big Bridge (大桥), Golden Bridge (金桥), Wuxi Boston International School, and Nanwai Kings College.Wuxi has a lot of university. There is also of good university. The best one is Wuxi Vocational and Technical College it is 6★which is really high. There is also a lot of 5★College which is also high. They also have 1 to 4 ★which is also not bad.


Wuxi's climate.

Wuxi has an oceanic subtropical monsoon climate, mild and humid, with four distinct seasons and an average annual temperature of 15.5 °C. The average annual rainfall in Wuxi urban area is 1048 mm, the frost-free period is about 220 days, and the sunshine hours in Wuxi urban area are 2019.4 hours. The hottest month of the year is July, with an average monthly temperature of 28.0 °C. The coldest month of the year is January, with an average monthly temperature of 2.8 °C.
Why is the climate in Wuxi like this?

Wuxi City is mainly composed of plains, scattered with low mountains and residual hills. The southern part is a water network plain; The north is a high sand plain; The central part is a water network and polder field formed by lowlands; The southwest has a relatively high terrain and is a low mountain and hilly area in Yixing.

Money is easy to get in Wuxi.

Lingshan Buddhist Scenic Spot

The Ling Shan scenic area is located on the North shore of Tai hu lake in Wuxi and it famous for its Bronze Buddha statue which stands as one of the largest in the world. Lot's of people go there to see it. Vatican Palace Sacred Site, Huishan old town, Tai Hu Lake are all fantastic places to visit. you would love to go to the Wuxi, because a lots of the special places in Wuxi is relaxing, and it is so good to see the natural world in Wuxi.

TLC (album)

TLC is the self-titled fifth studio album by American girl group TLC, released on June 30, 2017, by their label 852 Musiq. It is the group's first album since "3D" (2002).

"TLC" received generally positive reviews from music critics.

Credits for "TLC" adapted from AllMusic.

Kruševo Republic

The Kruševo Republic, sometimes spelled as Krushevo Republic (Bulgarian and , ), was a short-lived political entity created in 1903 by revolutionaries from the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization (IMRO) during the Ilinden Uprising in the city of Kruševo, now North Macedonia. Macedonian history books mention it as one of the first republics in the Balkans.

The republic only lasted 10 days before being dissolved after the Battle of Mečkin Kamen. The city of Kruševo also uses the flag of the Republic today. The Republic also had a parliament consisting of 60 members. Keith Brown says, based on the "language of home", the members might be classified as Aromanians, Macedo-Bulgarians and Albanians. Along with that the Council also elected an executive body—the Provisional Government—with six members (2 from a group) The Republic is also mentioned in the Macedonian national anthem Denes nad Makedonija.

In the early 20th century, Kruševo was populated by Slavs, Aromanians and Orthodox Albanians and Greeks, with the town inhabitants being part of various various Ottoman groups called millets, based on ethnicity and religion. The Patriarchists were the largest community, followed by Exarchists and the Ullah millet for the Aromanians. According to the ethnographer Vasil Kanchov's statistics at that time the town's inhabitants counted: 4,950 Bulgarians, 4,000 Vlachs (Aromanians) and 400 Orthodox Albanians.

On 3 August 1903, rebels captured the town of Kruševo and established a revolutionary government. The entity existed only for 10 days: from 3 to 13 August, and was headed by Nikola Karev. He was a strong leftist, rejecting the nationalism of the ethnic minorities and favouring alliances with ordinary Muslims against the Sultanate, as well as supporting the idea of a Balkan Federation. there was a provisional goverment with 6 members whose duty was to promote law and order and manage supplies, finances, and medical care. Around this time the Kruševo Manifesto was published in the first days after the proclamation. Written by Nikola Kirov, it outlined the goals of the uprising, calling upon the Muslim population to join forces with the provisional government in the struggle against Ottoman tyranny, to attain freedom and independence.

Initially surprised by the uprising, the Ottoman government took extraordinary military measures to suppress it. Pitu Guli's band (cheta) tried to defend the town from Ottoman troops coming from Bitola. The whole band and their leader (voivode) perished. After fierce battles near Mečkin Kamen, the Ottomans managed to destroy the Kruševo Republic, committing atrocities against the rebel forces and the local population. As a result of the gunnery, the town was set partially ablaze. After the plundering of the town by the troops and the bashi-bazouks, the Turkish authorities sent a declaration for the inhabitants of Kruševo to sign, stating that the Bulgarians had committed the crimes and looted the town. Under pressure by the authorities, a few citizens did sign it.


Jagannath Temple, Puri

It is one of the Char Dham pilgrimage sites. The Puri temple is also famous because many legends believe that Krishna's heart was placed there and the material that it is made from damages the heart so they have to change it every twelve years.

Anantavarman Chodaganga - was a prominent king of the Eastern Ganga dynasty who ruled in 11-12th century AD. The Jagannath temple at Puri, Orissa was built by him in the 11th century. The Eastern Ganga dynasty reigned Kalinga from the 5th century AD to 15th century AD.

In Hindu mythology, wasting food is considered a bad sign; the Temple crew follows the same. A total number of people visiting the temple varies between 2,000 to 200,000 people every day. Miraculously, the Parsadam prepared every day is never wasted, not even a bite.

The most interesting Buddhist claim has to do with an unknown substance called “Brahma" that lies inside the navel of the main idol, Jagannath. Hindus say that it was the original blue stone, but Buddhists say that this Brahma is Buddha's tooth relic that was brought from Kushi Nagar, where he died, to Puri.

Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan

The Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan (CDP) is a major opposition political party in Japan. The party is known for its center-left to left-leaning positions and its focus on issues such as constitutional reform, social welfare, and environmental policies.

Holly &amp; Phillip

Holly & Phillip were a British television presenting duo consisting of Holly Willoughby (born 10 February 1981) and Phillip Schofield (born 1960). They hosted shows together until 2023.

In 2009, Willoughby and Schofield started hosting The morning show together. In 2007, Willoughby and Schofield hosted Dancing on Ice together. In 2023, Schofield announced he was leaving the show after fifteen years. In 2023, Schofield said he had had an affair with younger colleague. He was removed as ambassador from the Princes Trust. He said he lost everything.

WAGR F class

The WAGR F class were a total of 57 freight steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1902 to 1972.

The F class were built by Dübs & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland and later its successor the North British Locomotive Coy from 1902 to 1913 as 4-8-0 locomotives for use on goods trains. Throughout their years of service, they were frequently fitted with experimental equipment.

Superheating of the F class began in 1924 and continued up to 1948 - resulting in the Fs class, though when they were relegated to shunting duties in the 1950s they were rebuilt to normal saturated locomotives for economic reasons. Two of the F class are preserved, No. 398 (452) at Collie, and Fs class No. 460 (407) at Bassendean Railway Museum.

WAGR Fs class

The WAGR Fs class were a total of 55 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1923 to 1970.

The Fs class was the result of superheating the standard F class 4-8-0 goods engines improving fuel efficiency and creating greater haulage capacity. All but two of the F class would be superheated from 1923 to 1948 at Midland Railway Workshops. In the 1950s many of the Fs were rebuilt as saturated locos for shunting duties to improve the classes' economy. Fs class No. 460 is preserved at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

WAGR Fsl class

The WAGR Fsl class were freight steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The Fsl class resulted from rebuilds regarding the Fs class (superheated F class) to have larger cylinders to improve power performance. By the 1940s the Fsl, like the equivalent Esl classification had been abandoned and merged back with the Fs class along with the Fso class designation.

WAGR Fso class

The WAGR Fso class were freight steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The Fso class was a designation assigned to regular Fs class (superheated F class) 4-8-0 locomotives to identify them from the Fsl class which had larger cylinders. Like the Esl and Eso classes, these sorts of classifications were abandoned by the 1940s, with both the Fso and Fsl classes being folded into the normal Fs class.

WAGR K class

The WAGR K class were a total of 24 heavy freight side tank steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1893 to 1964.

The K class were built by Neilson & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland from 1893 to 1898 for work on heavy goods trains on the Eastern Railway where upon their arrival they totally outclassed the B, G and later O classes. Some were superheated from 1915 to 1916, and one in 1929 as the Ks class however this was not a great success as by this time they were being used as shunters reducing the economic efficiency.

When the F class arrived in 1902 the K class was reallocated to the South Western mainline to Collie, replacing the O class on goods traffic. After handling local goods around Perth and Kalgoorlie along with other regional centres they became relegated to purely shunting roles by the 1920s. The last K class was withdrawn in 1964, all were scrapped.

WAGR Ks class

The WAGR Ks class were a total of 6 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1915 to 1928.

The Ks class were the result of superheating the standard K class 2-8-4 of 1893. Only six of the twenty-four total were superheated as by this time most were working as shunting meaning superheating them wasn't economically viable. All but one were converted back to K class engines.

Nintendo 3DS Game Card

The 3DS Game Card (Like the DS Cartridge) is made for the Nintendo 3DS Family of systems is a white cartridge with a small notch on the top right.

The small notch is for preventing the 3DS cartridge from fitting into the Nintendo DS consoles, as they don't work for those systems.

Spree killer

Especially in the United States, the term spree killer is used for someone who commit several murders, usually in a short period of time. Very often, the killings are done in different locations. There is disagreement about what 'short time' means: The US Bureau of Justice Statistics speaks about "almost no time break between murders". Some academics say that there may be weeks or months between the murders. As an example, Andrew Cunanan killed five people over a period of three months. He is considered to be a spree killer.

Bomberman (1983 video game)

Altarpiece of Saint George

The Altarpiece of the Centenar de la Ploma or Altarpiece of Saint George of the Centenar de la Ploma is a large-scale international Gothic style altarpiece made around 1400 by Andreu Marçal de Sax and Miquel Alcanyís on behalf of the company of the Centenar de la Ploma and which symbolizes the battle of the Puig that took place in 1237. Currently, and following the acquisition made in 1864, the work is in the Victoria and Albert Museum in London .

In 1237, during the conquest of the kingdom of Valencia, James I had gained control of the fortification of Puig Castle . With his troops weakened due to the conquests, he received the warning of a counterattack by the Muslim forces, in this way he marched towards Catalonia to gather more troops, leaving Guillem Aguiló in charge. In his absence, the Muslim king Zayyan ibn Mardanix attacked the fortification. During the battle, while part of his troops were fighting the Muslims, Guillem Aguiló advanced from behind the hill sounding numerous trumpets and carrying flags taken from nearby ships, with the royal pennant at the head, making the Muslims believe that it was of James I arriving with an army. According to Bernat Desclot's Chronicle, at that moment Saint George appeared with his own army of knights, allowing the Christians to win the battle. 

On June 3, 1365, Pere the Ceremonious created the militia of the Centenar de la Ploma, initially called the Centenar of the Glorious Sant Jordi. After the Church of Sant Jordi in Valencia was consecrated on May 27, 1401, the Centenary commissioned an altarpiece for this church, which was made sometime between 1400 and 1420. Due to its dimensions and complexity, the work probably had several authors, mainly Marçal de Sax and Miquel Alcanyís, but also very likely Johan Utuvert and Gonçal Peris . 
In 1740 the altarpiece was still in the church, but it was demolished in 1807 and the altarpiece was lost until it appeared in Paris in 1864, dismantled in several pieces. After a period of negotiation, the altarpiece was bought by the South Kensington museum in London for 800 pounds or 20,000 francs, a high price for a work of this nature at the time. Since then, the altarpiece has been exhibited in that museum, now called the Victoria and Albert Museum . 

In 2010, negotiations began with the London museum for a temporary return of the altarpiece to Valencia, but ultimately they did not succeed. 

In 2019 the predella of the altarpiece, the part most in need of restoration, arrived at the Museum of Fine Arts in Valencia to be restored and analyzed, it remained on display between 2020 and 2021. The restoration lasted for a year and a half and made it possible to recover the original colors and brightness. 


Frøyningsfjell drum

The Frøyningsfjell drum ('Frøynings-mountain drum'), sometimes called the Folldal drum, is a famous drum that was taken from Sami people of Norway in 1723. In 2023, it came back to Norway. It is on display at Saemien Sijte, a museum in Trøndelag.

The drum has its origion in the mountains between Namsskogan and Høylandet in Namdalen in county Trøndelag. Place names here are Frøyningsfjellet and Folldalen. 

History: The drum has been [owned or] held by Meininger Museum since 1837. In 2023 the Meininger Museum gave the drum back to the Sami people.

The drum have been owned and used by a Sami shaman. It is not a musical instrument, but it looks like one, according to Dr. Philipp Adlung.


National monument (United States)

A United States national monument is a protected area that can be created from any land owned or controlled by the federal government by proclamation of the president of the United States or an act of Congress. In contrast, national parks in the U.S. must be created by Congressional legislation. Some national monuments were first created by presidential action and later designated as national parks by congressional approval.

Żubroń

A Żubroń (/ˈʒuːbrɒnj/; Polish: "żubroń" [ˈʐubrɔɲ]) is a hybrid (mix) of a cow and a wisent. The wisent is another name for the European bison. That means a żubroń is a lot like a beefalo. The name żubroń was picked from a lot of choices. Before that, people sent the choices into a Polish magazine in 1969.

Mac OS X Server 1.0

Mac OS X Server 1.0 is an operating system created by Apple. At first, the OS was called Rhapsody (operating system) from 1997-98, and then it was renamed in 1999.

Almost one month after its initial release date, Mac OS X Server 1.0.1 was released on 15 April 1999. Also, the Rhapsody kernel number was updated to 5.4.

Mac OS X Server 1.0.2 was released on 29 July 1999 and updated the kernel version to 5.5.

Mac OS X Server 1.2 was released on 14 January 2000 and updated the kernel version to 5.6. Also, the Blue Box emulator replaced Mac OS 8.5.1 with Mac OS 8.6.

Mac OS X Server 1.2 v3 is the newest version and was released on 27 October 2000 to support the newer PowerPC G4 systems.

Bev Craig

Bev Craig is a Labour councillor in Burnage, Manchester, England, and Leader of Manchester City Council. As leader she is also a member of the Greater Manchester Combined Authority and is the combined authority's portfolio lead for Economy, Business and Inclusive Growth.

Craig was elected Leader of Manchester City Council by the ruling Labour group of councillors in October 2021, and took over from Sir Richard Leese at a full meeting of the council when he retired on 1 December 2021.

Craig comes from Belfast and is the city council’s first female and LGBT leader. She grew up on a council estate just outside Belfast and moved to Manchester from Northern Ireland in 2003. She told the BBC: "I grew up in social housing and my family still rely on it. I know the value of [what] the safety net of a good quality home can give you when times are tough." and that she wanted "to reach a point where me being a woman and being gay is entirely uninteresting and unremarkable".

She graduated from Manchester University in 2007 with a degree in politics and modern history and later gaining a postgraduate in Local Government Management from Warwick Business School and a MA in public policy and governance from Manchester University, both while she had a full time job. She has had jobs across local government, higher education and working for the trade union UNISON.

Population bottleneck

A genetic bottleneck occurs when many individuals of a species are killed (or die) because of a natural event, such as a famine or a disease. The phenomenon is also called population bottleneck.The result of this, is that the gene pool will be smaller, and the genetic diversity will also be smaller, in future generations. This can have effects, such as an inbreeding depression.

Pseudophilautus eximius

Pseudophilautus eximius is a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. People have seen it in exactly one place: the Queenswood Estate, 1500 meters above sea level.

This frog is extinct. All frogs in this species are dead.

Kaun

Bishop Kaun is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for Ring of Honor (ROH) and is one-third of the current ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Champions. He also makes appearances in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He is a member of the stable The Embassy and one-half of the tag team Gates Of Agony with Toa Liona.

In ROH, Kaun has been a three-time ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Champion.

On the May 4, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Kaun made his debut in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He faced Andrade El Idolo but lost. On the July 8 episode of "Rampage", Kaun would team with his Gates of Agony teammate Toa Liona and they would defeat the team of Jonathan Gresham and Lee Moriarty. This gave Kaun his first victory in AEW.

At Battle of the Belts IV, Gates of Agony would face FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) for the ROH World Tag Team Championships but would lose.

On the July 21 episode of "Rampage", he would enter the Royal Rampage to determine the number one contender for the AEW TNT Championship but it was won by Darby Allin.

On the September 1 episode of "Rampage", Gates of Agony would enter a battle Royal to determine the number one contenders for the ROH World Tag Team Championships but would lose to The Dark Order (Alex Reynolds & John Silver).

On September 3, 2023, he would compete in the Over Budget Charity Battle Royal at All Out: Zero Hour which was won by "Hangman" Adam Page.

On Night Two of Grand Slam, The Mogul Embassy (Kaun, Brian Cage & Toa Liona) would lose their ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championships to The Elite (Matt Jackson, Nick Jackson, and "Hangman" Adam Page).


Rehab center

A residential treatment center (RTC), sometimes called a rehab, is a live-in health care facility that gives therapy for substance abuse disorders, mental illness, or other behavioral problems. Residential treatment may be seen as the "last-ditch" approach to treating these illnesses.

Sarguelas

Sarguelas is a unique and exotic fruit that thrives in specific regions of the world, celebrated for its remarkable qualities and delightful taste. This mysterious fruit has gained recognition among botanists, horticulturists, and food enthusiasts alike.

Description: Sarguelas is a small, pear-shaped fruit, known for its vibrant colors and distinctive appearance. Its skin is a rich shade of deep purple, with a glossy texture that adds to its visual appeal. The fruit's flesh is sweet and juicy, resembling a blend of tropical flavors, including elements of mango, passion fruit, and hints of citrus. Sarguelas is often praised for its pleasant aroma and delectable taste.

The Sarguelas tree, known scientifically as "Sarguelas regalis", is a tropical evergreen that can reach heights of up to 20 feet. Its leaves are broad and leathery, offering ample shade to the fruits that grow beneath their lush canopy. The tree produces these fruits seasonally, and each one ripens to perfection on the tree, ensuring maximum flavor and sweetness.

Cultural Significance: Sarguelas holds a special place in the cultures and traditions of the regions where it is cultivated. It is often used in festive celebrations and is considered a symbol of abundance and good fortune. In some cultures, it is believed that consuming Sarguelas can bring prosperity and happiness.

The fruit is also a popular ingredient in local cuisine, used in a variety of dishes ranging from salads to desserts. Sarguelas jam and preserves are highly sought after for their unique flavor profiles.

Cultivation and Distribution: Sarguelas is primarily grown in regions with a tropical climate, with countries in Southeast Asia and South America being known for their Sarguelas orchards. The fruit is typically harvested by hand to ensure its delicate skin remains intact, and it is transported to markets and stores where it is enjoyed by locals and visitors alike.

Popularity and Export: Over the years, the popularity of Sarguelas has spread beyond its region of origin, with international markets showing a growing interest in this delectable fruit. Exported fresh or in various processed forms, Sarguelas has found its way to culinary establishments and homes worldwide, delighting palates with its exotic and enticing taste.

Shesha

In Hinduism Shesha is a divine male serpent, king of all (snake), one of the primal begins of creation to from the bed upon vishnu, Shesha remains as he is. Cobra

Denis Gankin

Denis Gankin is a Kazakhstani archer. He was born on 13 December 1989. Gankin competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

He's Sure the Boy I Love

"He's Sure the Boy I Love" is a 1962 song by Darlene Love and The Blossoms but released by The Crystals. It was taken from The Crystal's second studio album "He's a Rebel" and went to number 11 in the United States.

Irina Leonova

Irina Leonova is a Kazakhstani archer. She was born on 3 February 1961. Leonova competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Saving Grace (song)

"Saving Grace" is a 2006 song by Tom Petty and is the leading single from his third studio album "Highway Companion". It went to number 100 in the United States and number 26 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks charts.



Wilhelm Kment

Wilhelm Kment (15 October 1914 – 22 December 2002) was an Austrian football player and coach. He played as a midfielder mainly for Wiener Sport-Club.

Willy Kment began his career with Landstraßer Amateure. He played for them at the age of 18. Then he moved to DSV Brno for a year. From 1937 to 1947 he played for the Wiener Sport-Club in the top Austrian league. The greatest success during this time was reaching the ÖFB Cup final in 1938 and becoming runner-up in the 1937–38 season.

Between 1954 and 1955 he coached SBK Drafn in Norway. Willy Kment started as a coach in the Netherlands with VVV Venlo in 1956. There they won 4-1 against ADO Den Haag in the final of the KNVB Cup in 1959.

In 1960 he became the Norwegian national coach. In 1962 Willy Kment returned to the Netherlands and managed DOS Utrecht for two years. Then he went to Feyenoord Rotterdam. He achieved the first double in the club's history in 1965.

After two runner-up finishes in 1966 and 1967, he returned to the Norwegian national team. Willy Kment returned to Austria in 1970. There he became coach of LASK in the National League for two years.
as player:
as manager:

Lace and Whiskey

Lace and Whiskey is the tenth studio album by Alice Cooper. It was released on 29 April, 1977 through Warner Bros. and went to number 42 in the United States, number 33 in the United Kingdom and number 3 in Australia.

Committee to Protect Journalists

The Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ) is a non-profit, non-governmental organization that works to advocate and protect the rights of journalists around the world. 

It is based in New York City. Its main goal is to make sure that journalists can report news freely without facing threats, violence or censorship. The CPJ monitors cases of journalists who are imprisoned, harassed or attacked because of their work. It also raises awareness about the importance of a free press and freedom of expression. By doing so, the CPJ helps to protect journalists and uphold the principles of journalism that are crucial in a democratic society.


Take Me to the River

"Take Me to the River" is a 1974 song originally written by Al Green and was taken from eighth studio album "Al Green Explores Your Mind". It went on to be covered by Syl Johnson, Talking Heads and Delbert McClinton.

In 1978, Talking Heads covered "Take Me to the River" for their second studio album "More Songs About Buildings and Food". It went to number 26 in the United States and Australia, number 20 in New Zealand and number 34 in Canada.

Zu Chongzhi

Zu Chongzhi, (; 429–500 AD), courtesy name Wenyuan (), was a Chinese astronomer, mathematician, politician, inventor. He worked in the Liu Song and Southern Qi dynasties.

He was born in Jiankang. His ancestors were from Baoding, Hebei. Emperor Xiaowu of Liu Song sent him to the Hualin Academy. In 461 he worked as an official in Nanxu (today Zhenjiang, Jiangsu).

He calculated the value of pi to be between 3.1415926 and 3.1415927. It is the most accurate estimate of Pi at the time.

House of Commons of Great Britain

The House of Commons of Great Britain was the lower house of the Parliament of Great Britain between 1707 and 1801. This was a result of the Acts of Union. It replaced the House of Commons of England and the third estate of the Parliament of Scotland. This was one of the most significant changes brought about by the Union of the kingdoms of England and Scotland into the Kingdom of Great Britain.

In 1801, the House was enlarged to become the House of Commons of the United Kingdom, as a result of the Act of Union of 1800 which combined Great Britain and the Kingdom of Ireland into the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.

The constituencies which elected members in England and Wales did not change throughout the existence of the Parliament of Great Britain.

Sources:

House of Commons of England

The House of Commons of England was the lower house of the Parliament of England (which included Wales) from the 14th century to the union of England and Scotland in 1707. It was then replaced by the House of Commons of Great Britain. In 1801, with the union of Great Britain and Ireland, that house was in turn replaced by the House of Commons of the United Kingdom.

The first parliament to invite representatives of the major towns was Montfort's Parliament in 1265. At the "Model Parliament" of 1295, representatives of the boroughs (including towns and cities) were admitted. It became the rule that each county send two knights of the shire, and that each borough send two burgesses. In 1341 the Commons met separately from the nobility and clergy for the first time, creating in effect an Upper Chamber and a Lower Chamber. The clergy and nobility became the House of Lords. 

While they were English possessions Calais, between 1372 and 1558, and Tournai, between 1513 and 1519, were represented in the Parliament.

James I and Charles I came to depend on the parliament for taxation and the disputes resulted in the English Civil War. The armed forces of Parliament won the war. In December 1648 the House of Commons was purged by the New Model Army, which was supposed to be under the control Parliament. Pride's Purge was the only military coup in English history. Then Charles I was beheaded and the Upper House was abolished. The unicameral Parliament that was left was later called the Rump Parliament It only had a small selection of Members of Parliament approved by the army – some of whom were soldiers themselves. In 1653, when leading figures in this Parliament began to disagree with the army, it was dissolved by Oliver Cromwell. The monarchy and the House of Lords were both restored with the Commons in 1660. The influence of the Crown had been decreased, and was less after James II was deposed in the Glorious Revolution of 1688 and the Bill of Rights 1689 was enacted.

Most individual goals scored by a footballer

Here are the top 10 most goals scored by one player.
Some players are controversial. Lajos Tichy holds the record with 1912 goals, but it is not confirmed yet.

Josef Bican is said by some sources to have had 805 , 950 , 1468 or even 1800.

Europa Galante

Europa Galante is an Italian period-instrument Baroque orchestra founded by violinist Fabio Biondi in 1990 and directed by him.


WAGR M class

The WAGR M class were a total of 13 successful Garratt steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1912 to 1955.

The M class was built by Beyer, Peacock & Coy from 1911 to 1913, they had recently negotiated the exclusive production of Garratt articulated engines manufactured out of the UK. The WAGR were the first to order Garratts of such size and quantity for a state system, playing a vital role in the global success of Garratt locomotives, the WAGR being somewhat of a trailblazer in this respect.

The M class were powerful locos designed to be able to run on lighter-laid lines and around sharp 5-chain radius curves, which they did to great effect, being more powerful than the F class while also having far greater route availability. The second batch was ordered as superheated and became the Ms class, though a standard M class was converted in 1934. Withdrawals began in 1947, with the last withdrawn and scrapped in 1955, none were preserved. They were succeeded by the Msa class Garratts.

WAGR Ms class

The WAGR Ms class were a total of 8 successful Garratt steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1913 to 1955.

The Ms class were ordered new from Beyer, Peacock & Coy as a superheated version of the standard M class which they built previously in 1911. Superheating improved their steaming qualities making them more favourable with crews for their free-steaming abilities. In 1934 a single M class, No. 389 was converted to a Ms at Midland Railway Workshops. Withdrawals for the class began in 1947 and continued until 1955 when all had been scrapped.

WAGR Msa class

The WAGR Msa class were a total of 10 Garratt steam locomotives that was run by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1930 to 1963.

The Msa class were designed as a slightly altered design of the Ms class (superheated M class), specifically for a record-heavy harvest of wheat in 1930. The Msa was the first Garratt constructed in the Southern Hemisphere, being built by Midland Railway Workshops.

They proved a great success, though wasted coal when compared to the Ms class and couldn't have all their parts unchanged with the Ms class. One was withdrawn in 1962 and the rest in 1963. One was supposed to be preserved but was accidentally scrapped by mistake, leaving nothing behind.

The Blade (wrestler)

Jesse Guilmette (born June 3, 1980) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He is a one-half of the tag team The Butcher and the Blade with The Butcher.

Guilmette is also known for his time working for Ring of Honor (ROH), Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling / Impact Wrestling (TNA).

During his time in CZW, Guilmette was a one-time CZW World Tag Team Champion.

On the November 27, 2019 episode of "Dynamite", The Blade made his debut in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He would emerge from under the ring in a mask and, along with The Butcher and The Bunny, would attack Cody after his match. On the December 11 episode of "Dynamite", Butcher and Blade would team and they would defeat the team of Cody and Q. T. Marshall. This gave Blade his first victory in AEW.

On the Feburary 19, 2020 episode of "Dynamite", Butcher and Blade would enter a battle royal to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but it was ultimately won by the The Young Bucks (Matt and Nick Jackson). At All Out, Blade would enter the 21 Man Casino Battle Royale but it would be won by Lance Archer. On the October 21 episode of "Dynamite", Butcher and Blade would compete in a four-way tag team match to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but it was won by The Young Bucks.

At Revolution, Butcher and Blade competed in the Casino Tag Team Royale which was won by Death Triangle (Rey Fénix and Pac). At "The House Always Wins", Blade would compete in a 15 Man Battle Royal to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW TNT Championship. The match would be won by Blade's tag team partner, The Butcher.

On the June 28 episode of "", Blade would defeat Chuck Taylor and get his first singles victory in AEW.

Butcher and Blade would face the Lucha Brothers (Penta El Zero Miedo and Rey Fénix) for the AEW World Tag Team Championships on the September 17 episode of "Rampage" but lost.

He is married to fellow AEW wrestler The Bunny.


All Out (2020)

All Out (2020) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on September 5, 2020 mainly at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The Tooth and Nail match took place in Britt Baker's real-life dentist office in Winter Park, Florida. It was the second All Out event to take place.

The main event saw Jon Moxley defeat MJF to retain the AEW International Championship. Moxley's finisher the Paradigm Shift was banned but he ended up hitting MJF with the Paradigm Shift anyways when the referee's back was turned and got the pinfall victory.

There was criticism for the match between Matt Hardy and Sammy Guevara. During the match, Hardy got speared off of a scissor lift by Guevara and was put through a table but he hit his head off of the concrete floor and appeared to be knocked out. After the match, he cleared an MRI and CT scan with no signs of a concussion.

Taurus Model 85

The Taurus Model 85 is a revolver-type firearm manufactured by Taurus International.

Nikola Vaptsarov

Nikola Vaptsarov (Bulgarian and ) was a Bulgarian poet and communist activist from the city of Bansko, today Bulgaria. After his death, in 1952, he won the International Peace Award.

Vaptsarov only managed to make one collection of poems before his execution in 1942 by the Bulgarian goverment, it was titled "Motorni Pesni" () which only contained 20 poems and was published in 1940. During World War II, he organized communist activities against the Bulgarian goverment. As a result, in 1942, he was captured, sentenced and killed by firing squad in Sofia.

He was born in Bansko (today in Bulgaria). Trained as a machine engineer at the Naval Machinery School in Varna, which was later named after him. His first service was on the famous Drazki torpedo boat. In this period, he embraced Marxism and spread the communist ideology during the 1930s. In April and May 1932, Vaptsarov visited Istanbul, Famagusta, Alexandria, Beirut, Port Said, and Haifa as a crew member of the Burgas vessel. In 1934, he joined the Bulgarian Communist Party.

Later, he went to work in a factory in the village of Kocherinovo – at first as a stoker and eventually as a mechanic. He was elected Chairman of the Association, protecting the rights of workers in the factory. Vaptsarov was devoted to his talent and spent his free time writing and organizing amateur theater pieces. He got fired after a technical failure in 1936. This forced him to move to Sofia, where he worked for the state railway service and the municipal incinerating furnace. He continued writing, and a number of newspapers published poems of his. The poem "Romantika" () won him a poetry contest.

In the late 1930s, he co-founded the Macedonian literary circle, which promoted the idea of a separate Macedonian nation. In 1940, he participated in the so-called "Sobolev action," gathering signatures for a pact of friendship between Bulgaria and the USSR. The illegal activity earned him an arrest and an internment in the village of Godech. After his release in September 1940, Vaptsarov got involved with the Central Military Committee of the Bulgarian Communist Party. His task was to organize the supply of guns and documents for the communist resistance. He was arrested in March 1942. On 23 July 1942, he was sentenced to death and shot the same evening along with eleven other men.

His only published poetry collection is "Motor Songs" (1940). Consisting of 20 poems and divided into four sections:


Post-war People's Republic of Bulgaria celebrated him as an activist and revolutionary poet, while his poetry collection was seen as an example of "proletarian" literature. Soviet-bloc countries also widely published his work. In 1949, the Bulgarian Naval Academy renamed itself "Nikola Vaptsarov Naval Academy". On 1953, he received the International Peace Award posthumously. Lawrence & Wishart published his "Selected Poems" in London in the 1950s, translated into English by British poet Peter Tempest. He was one of the most frequently translated Bulgarian poets. Vaptsarov Peak in eastern Livingston Island, Antarctica, is named after him. Today, his childhood home in Bansko and residence in Sofia are both museums. North Macedonia and the Macedonians in Bulgaria also honor him.

All Out (2019)

All Out (2019) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on August 31, 2019 at Sears Centre Arena in Hoffman Estates, Illinois. It was the first All Out event to take place. It is seen as the spiritual successor to the All In event that took place independently in the same arena and helped in the creation of All Elite Wrestling.

The main event saw Chris Jericho defeat "Hangman" Adam Page to become the very first AEW World Champion. Page would hit a Buckshot Lariat and then go for a Dead Eye but Jericho would hit Page with the Judas Effect and get the pinfall victory.

Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter said the event was great and gave the ladder match between the Lucha Brothers and The Young Bucks 5.25 out of 5 stars, saying it was one of the greatest ladder matches of all time.

Ponos

In Greek mythology, "Ponos" (Πόνος in Greek) is personified as the spirit of labor, toil, and hardship. He is often depicted as a winged youth, sometimes carrying a plough, symbolizing the effort and struggle involved in agricultural work. Ponos is considered one of the children of the primordial goddess Nyx, who personified the night.

Ponos is associated with the challenges and difficulties that humans face in their daily lives, particularly in activities that require physical or mental exertion. He embodies the concept that hard work and perseverance are often necessary for achieving success and prosperity.

While Ponos is not as prominent as some other figures in Greek mythology, his presence highlights the ancient Greeks' understanding of the importance of labor and the recognition that achieving one's goals often requires dedication and effort.

It's worth noting that Ponos is not as well-known or widely referenced as some other Greek deities, and his mythology may not be as extensively detailed as figures like Zeus or Athena. Nevertheless, he remains an intriguing representation of the Greek perspective on the value of hard work and the challenges inherent in human endeavors.

Pseudophilautus dimbullae

Pseudophilautus dimbullae is a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. People have seen it in exactly one place: the Queenswood Estate in the Dimbulla Valley, 1500 meters above sea level.

This frog is extinct. All frogs in this species are dead.

One adult female frog was 44.8 mm long from nose to rear end.

Pseudophilautus silus

The pug-nosed shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus silus") is a frog. It lives in the middle of Sri Lanka on the Horton Plains plateau and other places where the tree branches come together like a roof. People have seen it between 1550 and 1600 meters above sea level.

IWGP World Heavyweight Championship

The is a professional wrestling championship in New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). It is the top men's championship and the most important championship in NJPW. 

The "IWGP" part is an acronym of International Wrestling Grand Prix, which is New Japan Pro-Wrestling's governing body.

At Wrestle Kingdom 14, Tetsuya Naito became a double champion. He won the IWGP Intercontinental Championship from Jay White on Night 1 and then won the IWGP Heavyweight Championship from Kazuchika Okada in a Double Gold Dash match on Night 2.

At Wrestle Kingdom 15, Kota Ibushi would defeat Naito for both of the championships. On March 1, 2021, it was announced that the IWGP Intercontinental Championship and the IWGP Heavyweight Championship would be unified and the IWGP World Heavyweight Championship would replace them.

The official title unification took place after Ibushi defeated El Desperado in a match at the NJPW 49th Anniversary Show.

Tetsuya Naito is the current champion. He is in his first reign as champion. He defeated Sanada at Wrestle Kingdom 18.


Pseudophilautus conniffae

Conniff's shrub frog or the haycock shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus conniffae") is a frog. It lives in southwestern Sri Lanka. People have seen it in rainforests between 80 and 300 meters above sea level.

Scientists used to think that "Pseudophilautus limbus" and "Pseudophilautus coniffae" were two different frogs. In 2019, they decided they were the same frog.

The adult male frog is 22.9 - 25.6 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 29.3 – 30.7 mm long. The skin of the frog's head comes right out of the bone. The skin of the frog's back is light brown with some dark brown marks. There is black and white color on the legs.

Hylodes perere

Hylodes perere is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais, Brazil. People have seen it between 900 and 1730 meters above sea level.

Casimir Funk

Cazimierz Funk, also known as Kasimir Funk, was a Polish biochemist. He proposed the idea of vitamins in 1912, which he initially called "vital amines" or "vitamines."

After reading an article by a Dutchman named Christiaan Eijkman, which said that people who ate brown rice were less likely to get beri-beri compared to those who only ate fully milled rice, a scientist named Funk tried to find the specific substance responsible for this. He was successful and named it "vitamine" because it contained an amine group. It was later called vitamin B3 (niacin), even though he initially thought it would be vitamin B1 (thiamine) and described it as the "anti-beri-beri-factor. 

In 1912, he suggested the existence of at least four vitamins: one to prevent beriberi, one for scurvy, one for pellagra, and one for rickets. He later published a book called "The Vitamines" in 1912 and received a research fellowship.

Funk also suggested that other diseases like rickets, pellagra, coeliac disease, and scurvy could also be treated with vitamins. He was one of the early researchers to investigate pellagra, attributing it to changes in the corn milling process, although his findings were largely ignored.

The "e" in "vitamine" was removed when it was realized that vitamins don't have to be nitrogen-containing amines.

He suggested there are other essential nutrients, which we now call vitamins B1, B2, C, and D.

In 1936, he figured out the structure of thiamine, but he wasn't the first to isolate it.

Funk also studied hormones, diabetes, peptic ulcers, and cancer biochemistry.

After coming back to the United States, he became the president of the Funk Foundation for Medical Research in 1940. In his later years, he focused on understanding the causes of cancers.

The Polish Institute of Arts and Sciences of America (PIASA) gives an award called the Casimir Funk Natural Sciences Award each year to outstanding Polish-American scientists. Previous winners of this award have included notable individuals like Nobel Laureate Roald Hoffmann, Aleksander Wolszczan, Hilary Koprowski, Peter T. Wolczanski, Wacław Szybalski, Zbyszek Darzynkiewicz, and Benoit Mandelbrot.

English in the Commonwealth of Nations

English in the Commonwealth of Nations or Commonwealth English refers to the various forms of the English language spoken and written within the countries of the Commonwealth of Nations, an intergovernmental organization comprising 54 member states. While English is not the sole official language of the Commonwealth, it holds a prominent place in most member nations and serves as a vital means of communication among these diverse countries. Commonwealth English encompasses a wide range of accents, dialects, and idiosyncrasies, making it a linguistically rich and diverse entity. This article explores the history, features, and significance of Commonwealth English.

Commonwealth English has its roots in the expansion of the British Empire, during which the English language was introduced to various parts of the world. Over time, English adapted to local languages and cultures, giving rise to distinct regional varieties. The influence of the British Empire and the subsequent decolonization process played a crucial role in shaping these linguistic developments. Today, Commonwealth English reflects the history and evolution of the language in former British colonies and territories.

Commonwealth English consists of several regional varieties, each with its unique characteristics. Some of the most notable ones include:

The form of English spoken in the United Kingdom, which serves as a foundation for many Commonwealth English varieties. British English itself has numerous regional dialects and accents, including Received Pronunciation (RP), often considered the standard British accent.

Spoken in Australia, Australian English exhibits a distinct accent and vocabulary. It has been influenced by indigenous languages and immigrant populations, making it unique among Commonwealth English varieties.

With influences from French and indigenous languages, Canadian English is spoken throughout Canada. Notable features include regional accents, such as the Maritime, Central Canadian, and Western Canadian accents.

Characterized by its distinctive Kiwi accent, New Zealand English is spoken in New Zealand. It has also incorporated elements from the indigenous Maori language.

South African English is spoken in South Africa, and it exhibits a variety of accents and dialects influenced by the country's diverse population, including British, Afrikaans, and indigenous languages.

Indian English is spoken in India, where it has developed its own unique vocabulary and pronunciation influenced by the country's many languages and cultures.

Found throughout the Caribbean region, Caribbean English varies by island, with influences from African, indigenous, and European languages.

These regional varieties are just a selection of the diverse forms of Commonwealth English. Each variety carries its own linguistic features, reflecting the multicultural and multilingual nature of the Commonwealth.

Commonwealth English exhibits several common linguistic features:


Commonwealth English is a testament to the global impact of the British Empire and the subsequent development of English as a lingua franca. It plays a vital role in international diplomacy, trade, and cultural exchange among Commonwealth member states. Moreover, it fosters a sense of shared heritage and communication, making it an important factor in the cohesion of the Commonwealth of Nations.

In conclusion, Commonwealth English is a rich and diverse linguistic entity shaped by history, culture, and geography. It encompasses a wide range of regional varieties, each contributing to the linguistic tapestry of the Commonwealth of Nations. This form of English is not just a means of communication but also a reflection of the shared history and cultural connections among its member states.

Names for association football

The sport of association football has a variety of names in English. The most common names for the sport are "football" and "soccer", depending on the country.

International organisations such as FIFA and the International Olympic Committee (IOC) use the term "football" when referring to international events. This is because the sport is most commonly called "football" in most countries. However, the term "soccer" is more common in some countries, including the United States, Canada and Australia. In some countries where the sport is more commonly called "soccer" the official bodies use "football" in their names, even if most people call it "soccer" in that region. Despite this, even in countries where "soccer" is the most common term, most association football clubs use the abbreviation "FC" (which stands for "Football Club").

In most of the English-speaking world, including most countries in the Commonwealth of Nations, the sport is called "football". This includes the United Kingdom. However, the term "soccer" was actually coined in the United Kingdom, where it wad first used as a nickname for the sport. The term "soccer" was mostly used by the upper and middle classes, while the lower classes (including the working class, who had a big following in the sport) mostly used "football". However, as British society became less influenced by the upper class, "football" replaced "soccer".

Countries where there has been a somewhat successful shift from "soccer" to "football" include Ireland and New Zealand. In those countries, both terms are used, with "football" becoming more and more popular due to official branding and advertising but "soccer" still being used due to it traditionally being the more common name in those countries.

In Australia, most people call the sport "soccer", as that is the traditional name for the sport in Australia, despite the fact that the official body, now called Football Australia, has used the term "football" since 2005. This is because there are three major football codes in Australia: Australian rules football, rugby and soccer. Australian rules football is commonly called "footy", "football", "Aussie rules" or "AFL" (after the Australian Football League); rugby is commonly called "rugby", "footy", "football", "league" (when referring to rugby league) or "union" (when referring to rugby union); and association football is commonly called "soccer".

Even though Football Australia officially refers to the sport as "football", the Australian men's national team is still commonly and officially nicknamed the "Socceroos" (with the women's national team commonly and officially nicknamed the "Matildas") and the series between the Australian and New Zealand national teams still being called the Soccer Ashes (the trophy for which was rediscovered in 2023).

In Canada, due to the dominance of American football and Canadian football, the sport is commonly and officially known as "soccer".

In Papua New Guinea, the sport is most commonly known as "soccer" due to Australian influence. However, although the official body is known as the Papua New Guinea Football Association (PNGFA), the country's highest league is called the Papua New Guinea National Soccer League (PNGSL).

The sport is most commonly called "soccer" in South Africa, however official bodies use the term "football" in English.

In the United States, due to the dominance of American football, the sport is commonly and officially known as "soccer". However, Inter Miami CF, a Major League Soccer club based in Miami, Florida, uses the term "fútbol" on its website. The term is the Spanish name for association football and comes from the English word "football". The majority of people in Miami speak Spanish as their first language and English as their second language, and the club itself is officially known as ().

In French, the most common name for the sport is , which is borrowed from English. However, in North America, the most common name in French is (which is also borrowed from English).

In Japanese, the word for the sport is ("sakkā"), derived from the English word "soccer" (due to American influence), with ("futtobōru") being used for other football codes. However, the Japan Football Association uses "sakkā" in its Japanese name and "football" in its English name.

The debate over the sports name has expanded to Wikipedia. Because of this, the English Wikipedia and the Simple English Wikipedia have guidelines on which term should be used in articles relating to each country. In articles related to Australia, Canada, Nauru, Papua New Guinea, South Africa and/or the United States, "soccer" is used, but in other articles, either "football" or "association football" are used. On the French Wikipedia, articles written in North American French (i.e those related to Canada and/or the United States) use "soccer" while others use "football".

Touch (sport)

Touch football, commonly called touch, is a variant of rugby league that does not involve tackling. It is governed by the Federation of International Touch (FIT).

The sport was invented in Sydney, Australia by members of the South Sydney Junior Rugby League Club in the 1960s. The sport is particularly popular in Australian schools among both boys and girls.


Mackenyu

, known professionally as or Mackenyu, is a Japanese actor. He has starred in various TV series such as "Sakurasaku" (2016), "Tomorrow, I'll Surely Love You Again" (2016), "Remote de Korosareru" (2020), "The End of the Tiny World: Half A Year Later" and "One Piece" (2023). He has also starred in the films "Take a Chance" (2015), "Over Drive" (2018), "12 Suicidal Teens" (2019), "Our 30-Minute Sessions" (2020), "Brave: Gunjō Senki" (2021), "The Master Plan" (2021) and "Knights of the Zodiac" (2023).

Mackenyu is an actor of Japanese descent who grew up in Los Angeles, California. He is the son of Sonny Chiba and Tamami Chiba. He has an older half-sister named Juri Manase and a younger brother named Gordon Maeda.


Aleksandr Li

Aleksandr Li is a Kazakhstani archer. He was born on 17 January 1974. Li competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Sergey Martynov

Sergei Martynov is an archer from Kazakhstan. He was born on 22 July 1965. Martynov competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Double or Nothing (2023)

Double or Nothing (2023) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on May 28, 2023 at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas suburb of Paradise, Nevada. It was the fifth Double or Nothing event to take place.

There were two main events promoted. The first main event saw the Blackpool Combat Club (Bryan Danielson, Jon Moxley, Claudio Castagnoli, and Wheeler Yuta) defeat The Elite (Kenny Omega, Matt Jackson, Nick Jackson, and "Hangman" Adam Page) in an Anarchy in the Arena match. Yuta would rollup and pin Omega after Konosuke Takeshita and Don Callis interfered and Takeshita hit Omega with a knee strike. The second main event saw MJF defeat "Jungle Boy" Jack Perry, Sammy Guevara, and Darby Allin in a four-way match to successfully defend his AEW World Championship.

Dave Meltzer of the Wrestling Observer Newsletter gave the Anarchy in the Arena match 5 stars out of 5 stars.

Double or Nothing (2022)

Double or Nothing (2022) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on May 29, 2022 at T-Mobile Arena in Las Vegas suburb of Paradise, Nevada. It was the fourth Double or Nothing event to take place.

The main event saw CM Punk defeat "Hangman" Adam Page to win the AEW World Championship.

Stokely Hathaway, Athena, Andrade El Idolo all made their AEW debuts during the show.

List of Qatar Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Qatari Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Qatar after debuting in January 2019.

Double or Nothing (2021)

Double or Nothing (2021) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on May 30, 2021 mainly at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida with the Stadium Stampede match taking place at TIAA Bank Field, home of Tony Khan's Jacksonville Jaguars. It was the third Double or Nothing event to take place.

The main event saw The Inner Circle (Chris Jericho, Jake Hager, Sammy Guevara, Santana and Ortiz) defeated The Pinnacle (Cash Wheeler, Dax Harwood, MJF, Shawn Spears and Wardlow) in a Stadium Stampede match.

Lio Rush and Mark Henry made their AEW debuts during the show.

Petr Ginz

Petr Ginz (English: Peter Ginz; 1944) was a Czechoslovakian-born half-Jewish boy, who is known for his artworks, poems, and novels.
His most popular known work was "Vedem" (English: "[We Are] In the Lead"), a literary magazine which was avaliable in print between 1942 and 1944, in the Theresienstadt Ghetto. The publishers and editor-in-cheifs of the literary magazine were him and Hanuš Hachenburg. Ginz also wrote a diary in 1941 and 1942.

Petr Ginz was born on in Prague, Czechoslovakia (in modern-day Czech Republic). He was the son of Otto Ginz and his spouse (wife) Mária Ginzová. His father was Jewish, whilst his mother was a Christian. This obviously made Ginz half-Jewish. Ginz already showed signs of high intelligence, before the age of 8. He wrote his first novel when he was 8 years old. He wrote four more novels, after that. The last novel was written and completed when he was 14, shortly before his transportation to the Theresienstadt Ghetto. The novels were mostly written in the style of Jules Verne, and were even illustrated with his own paintings. Ginz spoke two languages fluently from early childhood. His parents were very interested in studying and learning Esperanto, and thus this became Ginz' second native language, apart from Czech.

Ginz wrote a diary in 1941 and 1942, before he was transported to the Theresienstadt Ghetto. The diary was originally lost, but it was later found and published as a book by his younger sister Eva, who fortunately happened to survive the Holocaust, under the book title: "My Brother's Diary". The diary was later republished as "The Diary of Petr Ginz: 19411942". Copies of it are available in Czech, Catalan, Spanish, Esperanto, and English. 
In March 1939, the Germans invaded and occupied Czechoslovakia. Like with many other German-occupied countries, in German-occupied Czechoslovkia, anti-Semitic laws and strict curfews against Jews began, and persecution and transportation of Jews to ghettos and concentration camps began as well.
Ginz left on a transport to the Theresienstadt Ghetto on 28 October 1942, at the age of 14. His younger sister Eva followed him and was transported to the Theresienstadt Ghetto, as well.

About two months after his transportation and arrival in the Theresienstadt Ghetto, Ginz founded a literary magazine named "Vedem" (English: "[We Are] In the Lead"). The first copies of the literary magazine were available in print in December 1942. The publishers and editor-in-chiefs of the popular literary magazine were Petr Ginz and Hanuš Hachenburg. Despite the horrible conditions of the ghetto, Ginz continued to study and write. Ginz even wrote a Czech–Esperanto dictionary and several short novels, which are currently lost.

On 28 or 29 September 1944, Ginz left on a transport from the Theresienstadt Ghetto to the Auschwitz concentration camp. 
There is debate on whether the transport took place on the 28th of September, or on the next day. 
At the time of the transport, Ginz had not yet recovered from a disease and was still ill.

Ginz's precise date of death is rather disputed. It is however known that he died in the Auschwitz concentration camp. By the time Auschwitz was liberated by the Red Army on 27 January 1944, Ginz had already been deceased. He is said to have apparently died from suffocation whilst in the gas chambers. His death took place in or 1944. It is certain that Ginz did not survive the Holocaust.


Daytime Friends (song)

"Daytime Friends" is a 1977 song by country singer Kenny Rogers and is the title track to his third studio album "Daytime Friends". It went to number 28 in the United States, number 39 in the United Kingdom, number 21 in Canada, number 69 in Australia, number 16 in New Zealand and topped the country single charts in the Untied States and Canada.

Dabangii

Dabangii Mulgii aayi re aayi is an Indian Hindi-language drama television series premiered on Sony Entertainment Television, and digitally streams on Sony LIV. Produced by Herumb Khot and Nilanjana Purkayasstha under Invictus T Mediaworks, it stars Maahi Bhadra, Manav Gohil, Aamir Dalvi, Sai Deodhar, Asawari Joshi, Himani Chawla and Yashashri Masurkar.

In a riveting tale of power, violence and family, a spirited young girl, Arya, grapples with the contrast between who she believes her father is and who he actually turns out to be. She attempts to resolve the debate of nature vs nurture while growing up in a chaotic world.

The series stars


The series was announced on Sony Entertainment Television with Maahi Bhadra, Aamir Dalvi, Manav Gohil, Sai Deodhar, Asawari Joshi, Himani Chawla and Yashashri Masurkar joining the cast. The principal photography of the series commenced from October 2023 at the Film City, Mumbai.


Givati Brigade

The 84th Givati Brigade () is an Israel Defense Forces infantry brigade formed in 1947. The Brigade is divided into three battalions with each battalion having its own commander.

Brutal Planet

Brutal Planet is the 22nd studio album by Alice Cooper and was released on 6 June, 2000 through Spitfire Records. The album has a much darker sound compared to his other albums including domestic violence, suicide, depression and prejudice.

Kite (U2 song)

"Kite" is a 2000 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the fifth track from their 10th studio album "All That You Can't Leave Behind". It pays tribute to fatherhood and was not released as a single.

Wrecking Ball (Bruce Springsteen album)

Wrecking Ball is the 17th studio album by Bruce Springsteen and was released on 6 March, 2012 through Columbia Records. It went to number 1 in 16 countries including the United States and the United Kingdom and was nominated for 3 Grammy Awards in 2013.

"Wrecking Ball" was released as a two-LP set, a single CD, and a digital download. The CD and download versions were also available in a "Special Edition" format, which included two bonus tracks along with exclusive photos and artwork. The vinyl version included a copy of the standard CD (without the two additional tracks).

Mahavidyas

The Mahavidyas are in Hinduism, notably the Ten of "Great Wisdoms", name given to a group of ten goddess representing different aspect or cosmic power of Durga they represent wisdom and this term Dasha Mahavidya is for example used in literature sequence: Kali, Tara, Tripura Sundari, Bhuvaneshvari, Bhairavi, Chhinnamasta, Dhumavati, Bagalamukhi, Matangi and Kamala. Nevertheless, the formation of this group encompass divergent and varied religious traditions that include "yogini" worship, Saivism, Vaishnavism, and Vajrayana Buddhism

Ranadash Gupta

Ranadash Gupta (Bangli: রানাদাস গুপ্ত; 27 November 1949), General secretary of Bangladesh Hindu Buddhist Christian Unity Council, lawyer in the Supreme Court of Bangladesh, Serving as a Prosecutor in the Bangladesh International Criminal Tribunal.

He was born on 27 November 1949 in Denga Para village of Putia Upazila of Chittagong District. He spent his childhood and youth in Chittagong city.
He is serving as the General Secretary of Bangladesh Hindu Buddhist Christian Unity Council, a lawyer of the Supreme Court, serving as a prosecutor of Bangladesh International Criminal Tribunal. He started various movements to protect the security of the Hindu people of Bangladesh. He was the first to demand the enactment of the Hindu Protection Act.

Paraskeva Drapšin

Paraskeva Drapšin (; 20 March 1938 ) is the most famous abbes of the Serbian Orthodox Church, she was a nun of the Jazak Monastery in the period from 1953 to 1990. On 20 November, 1990, by the decision of the bishop of Srem, Mr. Vasilij Vadić, she was appointed abbess of the Jazak Monastery, where she has been at the head of the monastery for 33 years.

Pop (U2 album)

Pop is the ninth studio album by Irish rock group U2. It was released on 3 March, 1997 through Island Records. It went to number 1 worldwide except in Japan and Hungary where it made number 2. and its lifeline sales were the weakest since 1981 album "October" and is the lowest in the band's catalogue.

Notes

Jazak Monastery

The Jazak Monastery () is a Serb Orthodox monastery. It is on the Fruška Gora mountain in the northern Serbia, in the province of Vojvodina. The monastery was founded in 1736. The icons on the baroque iconostasis were painted in 1769 by Dimitrije Bačević. The carved woodwork was attributed to engraver Marko Vujatović. Reconstruction of the monastery was carried out from 1926 to 1930.

Jazak Monastery was declared Monument of Culture of Exceptional Importance in 1990, and it is protected by Serbia. Paraskeva Drapšin is abbes of the monastery


Colony of Singapore

The Colony of Singapore was a Crown colony of the United Kingdom that encompassed what is modern-day Singapore from 1946 to 1958. During this period, Christmas Island and the Cocos (Keeling) Islands Islands were also administered from Singapore. It was created after the dissolution of the Straits Settlements shortly after the Japanese occupation of Singapore ended in 1945. The power of the British 1959.

Raden Wijaya

Raden Wijaya or Raden Vijaya (also known as Nararya Sangramawijaya, regnal name Kertarajasa Jayawardhana) (reigned 1293–1309) was a Javanese emperor, and the founder and first monarch of the Majapahit Empire. The history of his founding of Majapahit was written in several records, including Pararaton and Negarakertagama. His rule was marked by the victory against the army and the Mongol navy of Kublai Khan's Yuan dynasty.

Jayanegara

Jayanegara or Jayanagara (formal regnal name Sri Maharaja Wiralandagopala Sri Sundarapandya Dewa Adhiswara or Sri Sundarapandyadevadhisvara Vikramottungadeva, also known as Kala Gemet) was a Javanese emperor and the second monarch of the Majapahit Empire from 1309 to his death in 1328, and also Prince of Kediri from 1295. Jayanegara was the heir, crown prince, and only son of Raden Wijaya, the founder of Majapahit. The story of his life was written in several records, including the "Pararaton" and "Negarakertagama". His reign saw the beginning of Gajah Mada's rise to influence in the empire.

Leopold Nitsch

Leopold Nitsch (14 August 1897 – 18 January 1977) was an Austrian international footballer. He played for SK Rapid Wien as midfielder. With Rapid he won the Austrian championship six times and the Austrian Cup three times. He also played for the Austrian national football team.

He joined the Rapid youth team in 1911. Four years later he moved up to the first team. He won his first Austrian championship title in the 1915–16 season. The team soon dominated the championship. Nitsch won five more titles in 1917, 1919, 1920, 1921 and 1923. He also won the first two official ÖFB cup competitions in 1919 and 1920. In 1924 he became coach. He coached Bulgaria at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris. He soon returned to the active ranks and played as a defender for Rapid towards the end of his career. From 1925 to 1928 he was captain of the team.

Nitsch played 35 matches for the Austrian national football team. He debuted on 3 October 1915 in a 4-2 win versus Hungary. His last match was on 14 March 1926 in a 2-0 win versus Czechoslovakia.

In 1924 he was coach of the Bulgarian national football team. He then worked as coach of the youth team at Rapid from 1928 to 1936. 1936 he replaced Eduard Bauer as coach of the first team. Leopold Nitsch accompanied the team through the Second World War, when Austrian football was integrated into German football. He won the Tschammerpokal with Rapid in 1938 with a 3-1 win in the final against FSV Frankfurt and the German championship in 1941 with a 4-3 win against FC Schalke 04. Rapid was able to become Austrian champions three more times, then called “Ostmarkmeister”.
On 21 May 1938, he applied for membership in the NSDAP and was admitted to May 1 of the same year (membership number 6,303,894). Whether this is due to political conviction or simply adaptation to the new circumstances can no longer be determined with certainty.

WAGR Ns class

The WAGR Ns class was a single suburban steam locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1922 to 1933.

The Ns class resulted from the superheating of standard N class No. 263, using the boiler from Os No. 81. No. 263 was built by Nasmyth, Wilson & Coy in 1900. In 1933 it was reconverted by replacing the boiler, reverting No. 263 back into an N class.

Andrea Arru

Andrea Arru is an Italian actor and a model. He was born on 18 August 2007 in Ozieri.

Lake sturgeon

The lake sturgeon, also called rock sturgeon, is a North American freshwater fish, a species of sturgeon. Like other sturgeons, this species is a bottom feeder and has semi-cartilage bones, a regular shape, and skin having bony scales on the sides and back.

The lake sturgeon uses its long snout to move the dirt on the floor of rivers and lakes to eat. Four organs (barbels) are near its mouth to help the sturgeon find ground-based prey. Lake sturgeons can grow to a large size for freshwater fish, getting up to 7.25 ft (2.2 m) long and 240 lb (108 kg).

Pseudophilautus silvaticus

The forest shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus silvaticus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka at the Sinharaja World Heritage Site. People have seen it between 510 and 1270 meters above sea level.

Chen Xiaocui

Chen Xiaocui (25 September 1902 – 1 July 1967) was a Chinese poet, writer, and painter. She was a founder of the Chinese Women's Calligraphy and Painting Association. After the People's Republic of China was founded, she became one of the first professors at the Shanghai Chinese Painting Academy in 1960. She died with suicide in 1967 during the Cultural Revolution, which had begun the year before.

Throughout her life, Chen created classical Chinese poetry, short stories, novels, and plays, translated Western literature, and created paintings. Her notable collection of poetry is called "Cuilou Yincao".

Chen Xiaocui was born on 25 September 1902. Her family came from Hangchow (Hangzhou). Her grandmother named her Chen Cui (陳璻) and gave her the courtesy name Cuina (翠娜). Her father was Chen Xu, known as Diexian, a writer of the Mandarin Ducks and Butterflies School. Her mother, Zhu Shu, who also wrote and published poetry. Chen Xiaocui was the second of three children and the only daughter. Her elder brother was Chen Xiaodie, and her younger brother was Chen Cidie.

In her early childhood, Chen Xiaocui received literature instruction from her mother, Zhu Shu. She began formal education at the age of four. In 1909, while the family lived in Pingchang (平昌), Jiangsu, banditry in the rural areas disrupted her schooling. She had to study by herself and was able to compose poetry by the age of eight. After the family relocated to Shanghai in 1913, she enrolled in the Chongwen Higher Women's Elementary School (崇文高等女子小學). The exact endpoint of Chen's formal education is unclear. Some say it concluded upon her elementary school graduation, while others believe she completed high school at the age of seventeen.

In 1913, Chen Xu started "Sanren Gongsi" () in Shanghai with Li Changjue, Wu Juemi, and two of his children, Chen Xiaodie and Chen Xiaocui. Over five years, the company translated 73 English novels into Chinese, including the works of Sherlock Holmes. Chen published her first work, "Sishi Guiyong" (), in September 1914. She started writing professionally to support her family, using Xiaocui as her pen name. At the age of sixteen, Chen began to study Chinese poetry from her father. In August 1924, Shanghai Women's Literary Professional College (上海女子文學專修學校) appointed as an instructor in poetry, and her father as a special lecturer.

Meanwhile, at the age of seventeen, Chen Xiaocui began to study Chinese painting on her own. In 1919, she studied painting with Yang Shiyou and Feng Chaoran.

In January 1922, the magazine "Banyue" () published the poetry of Chen Xiaocui and Shi Zhecun together. This led to correspondence between Chen and Shi. Shen Xiaosun, a relative of Shi, worked at the Family Industrial Company. He discussed with Chen's father the possibility of an arranged marriage between Chen and Shi. However, Shi declined the opportunity because of his poverty and did not meet Chen in person at that time.

In 1927, Chen's parents arranged her marriage to Tang Yanqi. Tang was the eldest son of Tang Shouqian, the former governor of Zhejiang and the first secretary of transportation of the Republic of China. Tang was also the nephew of Ma Yifu. In October, Chen Xu published Chen's collection of personal works, "Cuilou Yincao", as part of her dowry. It's worth noting that Chen kept her engagement a secret from her best friend, likely due to traditional beliefs.

In 1928, Chen and Tang had a daughter named Tang Cuichu. However, the couple separated after two to three years of marriage. Tang Shouqian left for Taiwan before the People's Republic of China was founded and died there in 1952.

In 1934, Chen established the China Women's Calligraphy and Painting Association (CWCPA) with other female painters, including Gu Qingyao, Feng Wenfeng, Li Qiujun, Zhou Lianxia, Jiang Yanan, and Wu Qingxia. The association held its inaugural meeting on 29 April 1934, during which Chen was elected as a board member and an editor. On 18 May, Chen and Li Qiujun were chosen as co-chairs of the association. The association organized ten exhibitions by 1944.

In the late 1930s, Chinese vernacular literature gained popularity due to the New Culture Movement. However, Chen continued to compose poetry in classical Chinese. In April 1935, she attended the founding conference of "Cunwenhui" (), which aimed to promote basic knowledge of classical Chinese among middle school students and beyond.

When Japan took control of Shanghai in 1937, Chen's father and two brothers fled to Kunming, while Chen and her mother stayed in Shanghai. Chen Xu fell ill in 1939, returned to Shanghai, and died on 24 March 1940. Chen Xiaocui collected and published her father's remaining works as "Xuyuan Yigao" ().

After the end of the Second Sino-Japanese War in 1945, Chen and other poets, including Cheng Zhongtao, Zhang Hongwei, and Cheng Man-ch'ing, founded the Shalong Poetry Society (). Later in the same year, CWCPA resumed its activities, and Chen took charge of its operations.

In 1947, when Shanghai's Bureau of Education was preparing to establish the Shanghai Museum of Art, Chen Xiaocui was named one of its committee members. She also began teaching private painting that year. In 1948, the Shanghai campus of the Wuxi Specialized College of Chinese Studies hired Chen as a professor in Chinese poetry. In April 1949, Chen's paintings were included in the spring exhibition of the Shanghai Museum of Art.

According to Chen Xiaodie, Chen Xiaocui considered leaving for Taiwan in 1950 but ultimately decided against it. In 1956, Wu Hufan introduced Chen to the Chinese Peasants' and Workers' Democratic Party. In 1957, Chen's daughter Tang Cuichu left for France. In 1960, when the Shanghai Chinese Painting Academy was founded, Chen became one of the first professors alongside Zhou Lianxia and Lu Xiaoman. In 1964, Shi Zhecun learned of Chen's address in Shanghai and visited her on February 20, marking their first meeting. They continued to exchange literary works during subsequent visits.

In 1966, when the Cultural Revolution began, Chen Xiaocui was taken away from her home in June. In the winter of 1966, she sought shelter with Zhao Quancheng and Chen Maoheng. However, after two months, the Zhao family faced struggle sessions, and the Shanghai Chinese Painting Academy insisted that Chen return to campus.

During this time, Chen Xiaocui changed her place of residence with Pang Zuoyu to avoid harassment from the Red Guards. She tried to escape from Shanghai twice, but both times she was caught. The second time, she was found with over 300 jin of grain ration coupons and hundreds of Yuan hidden in her trousers. Her personal belongings were taken, and she was tied up and beaten by two Red Guards.

In 1967, the rebel faction of Shanghai's Administration of Culture (文化局) arranged to move Chen's residence to a house on Changle Road, Shanghai. They also took her lifelong collection of Chinese paintings and sold them as scrap paper. On the morning of 1 July 1967, when Chen arrived at the Shanghai Chinese Painting Academy, she found that the painters were about to undergo struggle sessions. She went back to her residence, but Red Guards followed her and tried to break down her door. On that day, she took sleeping pills and later that night, she killed herself by a gas stove. She composed a death poem upon her suicide, but it was destroyed by the Red Guards.



Hylodes cardosoi

Hylodes cardosoi is a frog. It lives in São Paulo, Brazil.

The adult male frog is 35.6-44.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 36.7 mm to 46.5 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is brown with spots. The back legs are usually brown in color with lighter marks. The belly is white in color. It has disks on its toes. Unlike other frogs in its group, it does not have stripes on the sides of its body.

This frog lives in forests in southern Brazil on the Atlantic side (east side) of the hills. They live near streams where the water moves fast.
If the frog sees or hears danger, it will jump into the water. It will come out again soon. 

Scientists named this frog for Dr. Adão José Cardoso. He studied animals in Brazil.

Double or Nothing (2020)

Double or Nothing (2020) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on May 23, 2020 mainly at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida with the Stadium Stampede match taking place at TIAA Bank Field, home of Tony Khan's Jacksonville Jaguars. It was the second Double or Nothing event to take place.

The main event saw Matt Hardy and The Elite (Adam Page, Kenny Omega, Matt Jackson, and Nick Jackson) defeat The Inner Circle (Chris Jericho, Jake Hager, Sammy Guevara, Santana, and Ortiz) in the first ever Stadium Stampede match.

Brian Cage made his AEW debut and boxing legend Mike Tyson appeared to reward Cody Rhodes with the AEW TNT Championship during the show.

Geography of Liberia

Liberia is a country in West Africa. It is on the north Atlantic side to the southwest ( of sea) and three other African countries on the other three sides, Sierra Leone to the northwest, Guinea to the northeast and Ivory Coast to the east.

In total, Liberia comprises of which is land and is water.

Liberia goes from between 4.21°N and 8.34°N to 7.27°W and 11.31°W. It is almost in a rectangle shape measuring about in length from northwest to southeast, with a width of about . The coastline is about , with river mouths up to one kilometre wide.

Drainage of the whole country is directly to the sea, with a lot of short rivers flowing directly into the sea. These are, from west to east, the Mano River on the border with Sierra Leone, the Mafa River, the Lofa River, the Saint Paul River, the Mesurado River, the Farmington River, the Saint John River, the Timbo River, the Cestos River, the Sehnkwehn River, the Sinoe River, the Dugbe River, the Dubo River, the Grand Cess River and the Cavalla River on the border with Ivory Coast.

In the west, the sea is low and sandy, but in the central and eastern parts of the country it is sandy and rocky and of mild height, often broken by the mouths of the rivers. The plains varies in width, being narrow between Monrovia and Buchanan, but being much wider in the west and in the Cestos Valley in the center, becoming smaller again in the eastern end of the country.

Further in, the land rises, to a plateau some above sea level. This is split by the river valleys and hilly ridges between some of those river valleys. The land goes further in the north and northwest of the country, with mountains that nears in several places, the tallest point in the country being in the Wologizi Range at .

Liberia has mostly hilly land, it also has rolling plains along the sea to a plateau and low mountains in the northeast.

Double or Nothing (2019)

Double or Nothing (2019) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on May 25, 2019 at MGM Grand Garden Arena in Paradise, Nevada. It was the first Double or Nothing event to take place. It was also the very first pay-per-view to be made by All Elite Wrestling.

The main event saw Chris Jericho defeat Kenny Omega to earn a future match against Adam Page at All Out to see who would become the very first AEW World Champion.

Awesome Kong and Jon Moxley made their AEW debuts and Bret Hart appeared to unveil the AEW World Championship during the show.

Risk factors and possible causes of schizophrenia

Risk factors and possible causes of schizophrenia is what to know to avoid the problem(s) of schizophrenia. Risk is how often anywhere and somewhere in the world a problem could happen for someone in their lives to make schizophrenia. Risk is about how much someone should think they would want not having problems which make schizophrenia. How much they would want their life not the problem. This thinking goes with a knowing of the parts of choices in the world which are known causes. Cause is the actual things which make schizophrenia. 

Schizophrenia is not infectious. There is no microorganism that is spread from one person to another.

Risk factors include trauma (damage caused by stressful events) and genetics (schizophrenia running in families). Having a schizophrenic parent may be very stressful, and there may also be genes that influence the development of schizophrenia. It is very easy to show that trauma, such as sexual abuse (forced unwanted sexual behaviour towards somebody) increases the risk, but 40 years of searching for the right genes has not found anything that has been confirmed by independent research groups.

More men are affected than women: the number of males with the disorder is 1.4 times greater than that of females. Schizophrenia usually appears earlier in men. 
For males the symptoms usually start from 20 to 28 years of age, and in females it is 26 to 32 years of age. 
Symptoms that start in childhood, 
middle or old age are much rarer. 
Despite the received wisdom that schizophrenia occurs at similar rates worldwide, its rate of likelihood varies across the world, 
within countries, 
and at the local level.
In 2011 and 2022, the number of people in all the people of he world with schizophrenia is thought to be 24 million people worldwide. 

Schizophrenia has been diagnosed from the ages of 5 and about a half a year of age, from the late teens or early 20s, to people after the age of 60 years. In men, it seems to start about five years earlier than in women.

Some people who have schizophrenia have differences in their brain structure compared to those who do not have the disorder. These differences are often in the parts of the brain that manage memory, organization, emotions, the control of impulsive behavior, and language. 
For example, there is less brain volume in the frontal cortex and temporal lobes, and problems within the corpus callosum, the band of nerve fibers which connects the left side and the right side of the brain. People with schizophrenia also tend to have larger lateral and third ventricles. The ventricles are spaces within the brain filled with cerebrospinal fluid.
There are may environmental risk factors factors for schizophrenia such as drug use, stress before birth and in some cases exposure to infectious diseases (a disease that spreads from person to person). 
In addition, living in a city during childhood or as an adult has been found to double the risk of schizophrenia . 
This is true even after taking into account drug use, race, and the size of one’s social group. 
Other factors that play an important role include whether the person feels socially isolated, as well as social adversity, racial discrimination (treating a person badly because of their race), the person's family not working properly, unemployment, and poor housing conditions. 
There is evidence that childhood experiences of abuse or trauma are risk factors for developing schizophrenia later in life.

Psychotic symptoms often respond to drug treatment Stopping anti-psychotic or anti-vomiting drugs too quickly may cause these symptoms.
Doctors think genetics is part of schizophrenia. It is difficult to know if schizophrenia is inherited because it is hard to find out whether something comes from genes or the environment. 
Those who have a parent, a brother or sister with schizophrenia have a higher risk of developing schizophrenia. The risk is even higher if you have an identical twin with schizophrenia. 
This may seem to show that schizophrenia is inherited. However, it may be the stress of living with a schizophrenic family member that is traumatic. Identical twins are much closer and are treated much more in the same way, and this may be the reason why one of them is more likely to get schizophrenia if the other has it. Dr Jay Joseph has found many problems with the scientific studies of inheriting schizophrenia, including false reporting of results. Joseph also claims that 40 years of the search for the schizophrenia gene has not found a single gene that independent research groups have confirmed. 

A combination of what has happened to a person and the person’s genes may play a role in the development of schizophrenia. 
People who have family members with schizophrenia and who experienced a brief period of psychotic symptoms have a 20 to 40 percent chance of being diagnosed one year later. This may be both the result of stressful events because of the family member and possibly a genetic effect.

Factors such as lack of oxygen, infection, or stress and lack of healthy foods in the mother during pregnancy, might result in a slight increase in the risk of schizophrenia later in life. 
People who have schizophrenia are more likely to have been born in winter or spring (at least in the northern half of the world). This might relate to increased rates of exposures to viruses before birth. 
This difference is about 5 to 8 percent.
Several drugs have been linked with the development of schizophrenia and the abuse (harmful use) of certain drugs can cause symptoms like those of schizophrenia. 
About half of those people who have schizophrenia use too much drugs or alcohol, possibly to deal with depression, anxiety, boredom, or loneliness. 
Frequent marijuana use may double the risk of serious mental illness, including schizophrenia.

More people with schizophrenia smoke tobacco than the general population; it is estimated that at least 60% to as many as 90% of people with schizophrenia smoke tobacco. Recent research suggests that cigarette smoking may be a risk factor for developing schizophrenia. Smoking also reduces the effects and side effects of anti-psychotic drugs, and this may be one of the reasons for the high smoking rate. Patients taking anti-psychotic drugs die up to 20 years earlier than others, possibly because the medication makes them overweight, gives diabetes and leads to them smoking.

Schizophrenia in society and culture

Schizophrenia (sz) presents a complex array of societal, economic, and health challenges. Social problems associated with the disorder include unemployment, poverty, and homelessness, particularly affecting vulnerable populations. Disability statistics reveal sz as a significant contributor to global disability-adjusted life years, ranking high among disabling conditions. The economic burden of sz is substantial, with costs encompassing healthcare expenses and societal impacts like reduced productivity and law enforcement expenditures. Conversely, the pharmaceutical industry has seen a notable market related to sz treatment. 

Mortality studies highlight elevated suicide rates and physical health concerns among individuals with sz, alongside social judgment issues complicating their recovery. The disorder's portrayal in culture and media, exemplified by figures like John Forbes Nash and Vaslav Nijinsky, adds layers to public perception. Despite ongoing debates about its presentation and treatment, sz remains a multifaceted phenomenon with far-reaching implications for individuals and society. 

Schizophrenia poses significant societal challenges, including unemployment, poverty and homelessness among affected individuals. The prevalence of the disorder fluctuates based on its local definition. Advancing research on mental health is crucial in gaining insights into these challenges and devising more effective strategies to support individuals in need.

Schizophrenia is responsible for considerable portion of global disability, accounting for roughly 1% of worldwide disability-adjusted life years. Active hallucinations, a hallmark symptom of sz, rank as the third-most-disabling aspects of the condition, underscoring the profound impact of the disorder on affected individuals' functionality and quality of life.

The economic impact of schizophrenia is substantial, with the disorder costing an estimated $62.7 billion in the United States alone in 2002. These costs encompass direct expenses related to hospitalization, medication, and long-term care, as well as indirect costs such as reduced workplace productivity, unemployment, and expenses incurred by law enforcement. Additionally, antipsychotic medications, commonly prescribed for sz, are utilized for various other conditions, contributing to a significant number of prescriptions. In the European Union, approximately 16.5 million individuals received daily antipsychotic prescriptions in 2018, with notable increases observed in England between 1998 and 2010.

The market size for SZ drugs was valued as $9,000,000,000 in 2021. Some firms offering drugs in this market include: 


A study of 160 people admitted to hospital with sz during the period January 1997 to 31 December 2012 who had committed homicide in England and Wales found that 94% had a history of alcohol and/or illegal drug consumption and/or were not in receipt of their prescribed medication. In a study of the actus "reus" of homicide of the years 1997–2003 in England and Wales, diagnosed schizophrenics were more likely to use an object with a sharpened edge, including knives. Homicides were mostly against family members or a spouse in their homes. 

Individuals with schizophrenia face elevated risks of suicide compared to the general population, along with a higher prevalence of physical health issues. In 2015, approximately 16,900 deaths were attributed to sz-related causes. A comprehensive study involving over 4 million individuals diagnosed with sz revealed that suicide, injury-poisoning, and undetermined non-natural cause were the most common reasons for death, followed by pneumonia. Notably, the use of antipsychotic medication was identified as the primary cause for pneumonia diagnosis in one study. These findings underscore the urgent need for effective interventions to address both the mental and physical health challenges faced by individuals with sz.

Bad social judgment has been identified as a major obstacle in the recovery of schizophrenics.

The word "schizophrenia" is used in reporting as a metaphor in newspapers worldwide.

Auditory hallucinations have been shown to extend to mental health nurses and non-patients.
Sz and smoking have shown a strong association in studies worldwide. Those individuals who smoke tend to smoke heavily and to smoke cigarettes with a high nicotine content.

The sister of Dr Eugen Bleuler was admitted to a Zurich hospital with a catatonic illness. Dr Bleuler would later be the director of the same hospital where he diagnosed his sister with sz. 

Vaslav Nijinsky (born 1889 died 1950) was a dancer; his parents were also dancers. He was known from about 1913 by the sobriquets as "the God of dance" and "God's clown". During or sometime after March 1919 Dr Bleuler diagnosed Nijinsky "a confused schizophrenic with mild manic excitement" which meant she didn't need to go to a hospital. 

Camille Claudel, diagnosed retrospectively, was a sculptor, and during 1913 became a patient. 

Eduard Einstein, one of the children of Dr. Albert Einstein, was diagnosed with sz and lived his life in a hospital. Eduard was diagnosed by a Dr. Bleuler sometime during the 1930's. 
John Forbes Nash was diagnosed with sz in 1959. John was a mathematician from the United States. He was given the Nobel Prize in Economic Sciences in 1994 for "equilibria in the theory of non-cooperative games".

Some researchers believe that in certain unique situations, the personal experience or appearance of psychosis is evidence of genius. 

Similarities are thought to exist of the structure of how sz is diagnosed with experiences of mysticism. 
A book, "A Beautiful Mind", and then a movie by the same name was made about the life of John Forbes Nash. 

The movie “The Soloist” tells the story of Nathaniel Ayers, a prodigious musician who dropped out of the Juilliard School in New York City after the symptoms of sz began. He later became homeless in Los Angeles, California, in the notorious Skid Row section.
People sometimes use the words schiz or schizo as abbreviations. 

East African Community

The East African Community (EAC) is a regional intergovernmental organization of seven Partner States. EAC has Burundi, the Democratic Republic of Congo, Kenya, Rwanda, South Sudan, Tanzania and Uganda. Their headquarters are in Arusha, Tanzania. 

Badajoz (Assembly of Extremadura constituency)

Badajoz is a constituency of Extremadura.

Sweet Child o' Mine

"Sweet Child o' Mine" is a song by American rock band Guns N' Roses. It appears on their debut studio album, "Appetite for Destruction". In the United States, the song was released in June 1988 as the album's third single, topping the Billboard Hot 100 chart and becoming the band's only US number-one single and also went to number 6 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in New Zealand, number 4 in Ireland, number 11 in Austria and Australia, number 20 in the Netherlands, number 23 in Finland and number 7 in Canada. It was covered by Sheryl Crow in 1999 and won a Grammy Award in 2000.

Cáceres (Assembly of Extremadura constituency)

Cáceres is a constituency of Extremadura.

California State Assembly districts

The California State Assembly has 80 legislative districts. They are numbered from 1st to 80th, generally from north to south.

California's 1st State Assembly district

California's 1st State Assembly district is a legislative district in California.

California's 2nd State Assembly district

California's 2nd State Assembly district is a legislative district in California.

Barracuda (song)

"Barracuda" is a song by American rock band Heart released in 1977 on their third studio album "Little Queen" (1977).

The song was included on the live album "Live in Atlantic City" (2019).



Anna Mozhar

Anna Mozhar is a Kazakhstani archer. She was born on 3 March 1974. Mozhar competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Sanzhar Mussayev

Sanzhar Mussayev is a Kazakhstani archer. He was born on 11 April 1996. Mussayev competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

2023 Andhra Pradesh train collision

On 29 October 2023, two passenger trains collided with each other killing at least 14 passengers who were inside while around 50 others were injured.

At around 7 pm IST, The Vishakhapatnam-Palasa express train has stopped around Vizianagaram district, Andhra Pradesh due to a break in an overhead cable when another train that was going from Vizag to Rayagada, Odisha crashed into it from behind. According to Indian railway officials, the crew of Vizag-Rayagada train has missed the red signal. At least 14 people were killed and around 50 others were injured.


Radnorshire

Radnorshire is a county in Wales. Its biggest town is Llandrindod Wells. It is now controlled as part of Powys.

Windows Embedded CE 6.0

Windows Embedded CE 6.0 is the sixth major version of Windows CE. During creation, it was given the name "Yamazaki". It was targeted to business tools like industrial controllers and public electronics like digital cameras.

Full Gear (2022)

Full Gear (2022) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on November 19, 2022 at Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey. It was the fourth Full Gear event to take place.

The main event saw MJF defeat Jon Moxley to win the AEW World Championship. William Regal would pass MJF a pair of brass knuckles when the referee was distracted. MJF would hit Moxley with them before getting the pinfall victory.

During the show, Saraya made her return to in-ring action for the first time since since her career-ending injury in December 2017.

WAGR P class

The WAGR P class was a total of 25 express steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1924 to 1969.

The P class were first indirectly recommended as part of the motive power regeneration program introduced because of the 1922 Royal Commission, which highly recommended more locos be built in preparation for the 1924-25 wheat harvest. Drawings were prepared at Midland Railway Workshops in 1923 with a tender going out, with the only Australian builder to respond being Thompson & Coy.

They were unable to fulfil the order in time, so the tender was accepted by the North British Locomotive Coy of the UK. The engines arrived in 1924 and were placed on the Perth to Kalgoorlie express passenger services, being a great success and were well-liked by their crews for their free-steaming qualities.

The success of the P class resulted in the construction of 15 more at Midland Junction in 1927-28. Further improvements resulted in the Pr <nowiki>'</nowiki>"River"<nowiki>'</nowiki> class locos. The P class continued on passenger services on the South Western mainline, Great Southern Railway and Eastern Railway until the 1950s when dieselisation began.

From then on the P class was relegated to goods workings where they performed satisfactorily until the last was withdrawn in 1969. One of the P class, No. 508 (448) is preserved and on display at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

Full Gear (2021)

Full Gear (2021) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on November 13, 2021 at Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota. It was the third Full Gear event to take place.

The main event saw "Hangman" Adam Page defeated Kenny Omega to win the AEW World Championship. Page would perform two Buckshot Lariats to Omega before pinning him for the victory. He would then celebrate with members of The Dark Order.

During the show, Jay Lethal would make his AEW debut. Cody Rhodes would also make his last PPV appearance before leaving the company three months afterwards.

WAGR Pr class

The WAGR Pr class were a total of 18 express steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1938 to 1970.

The Pr class (also officially known as the "River" class) were the result of building new locomotives to standard P class specifications with modifications at Midland Railway Workshops. The Pr class were named after rivers in Western Australia and operated almost exclusively on the Eastern Goldfields Railway during their passenger hauling career.

Upon the event of dieselisation, the Pr and P class were re-assigned to goods work which they performed adequately until the demise of steam on the WAGR. The last Pr class, No. 521 (138) was withdrawn from service in 1970, it is now preserved and on display at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

Full Gear (2020)

Full Gear (2020) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on November 7, 2020 mainly at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The Elite Deletion match took place at Matt Hardy's house in Cameron, North Carolina. It was the second Full Gear event to take place.

The main event saw Jon Moxley defeat Eddie Kingston in an "I Quit" match to retain his AEW World Championship. Moxley would hit Kingston with the Paradigm Shift. He would then wrap barbed wire around his own arm and apply the bulldog choke on Kingston to make him say that he quits.

Dave Meltzer of Wrestling Observer Newsletter gave the match between The Young Bucks and FTR 5.25 out of 5 stars.

Zahhak

Zahhak or Azhi Dahāka is an evil character in Iranian (Persian) mythology and folklore. He appears in the texts of the "Avesta" in the Zoroastrian religion.

Miha Lokar

Miha Lokar (born 10 September 1935) is a Slovenian basketball player.

Barbel (anatomy)

In fish anatomy and turtle anatomy, a barbel is a slender, whiskerlike sensory organ near the mouth. Fish that have barbels include the catfish, the carp, the goatfish, the hagfish, the sturgeon, the zebrafish, the black dragonfish and some species of shark such as the sawshark.

The word "barbel" comes from the Middle Latin "barbula", for "little beard." Barbels are sometimes erroneously referred to as "barbs", which are found in bird feathers for flight.

Barbels may be located in a variety of locations on the head of a fish. "Maxillary barbels" refers to barbels on either side of the mouth. Barbels may also be nasal, extending from the nostrils. Also, barbels are often mandibular or mental, being located on the chin.

Jean-Claude Gaudin

Jean-Claude Gaudin (born 8 October 1939) is a French politician. He is a member of The Republicans. He was the Mayor of Marseille from 1995 to 2020.

He was a member of the National Assembly of France from Bouches-du-Rhône from 1978 to 1989 and has been a member of the French Senate from 1989 to 1995 and again from 1998.

He was the Vice President of the French Senate from 1998 to 2011 and again from 2014 to 2017.

Pseudophilautus simba

Pseudophilautus simba is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it in exactly one place Morningside Forest Reserve, 1080 meters above sea level.

Supreme (brand)

Supreme is an American clothes and skateboarding store made in New York City in April 1994. The company is focused with street wear, skateboarding, and hip hop ideas. Supreme makes skateboards and clothing. It was bought by VF Corporation in December 2020 for $2.1 billion.

In 2018, Supreme was given the Council of Fashion Designers of America's Menswear Designer of the Year Award.

Gisela Mayer

Gisela Mayer (30 October 1931 in Stuttgart - 1 July 2020 in Ellwangen ) was a local politician in Ellwangen, and founder of the first women's list in Germany. In 1996 she received the Barbara Künkelin Prize, from the city of Schorndor. In 2003 she received the Federal Cross of Merit .

Gisela Mayer graduated from the Hölderlin-Gymnasium in Stuttgart in 1949 and worked as a foreign language secretary, at the "Association of German Mechanical and Plant Engineering" in Stuttgart. In 1955, she married the lawyer Curt Mayer, where she was office manager. Her daughter Ingrid Alice Mayer is a lawyer, politician and author.

In 1979, Gisela Mayer founded the Ellwanger women's list, the first all-women's list in the Germany . In the local elections in 1980, she received almost 10% of the vote. She sat on the local council for 24 years. From 1989 to 2004 she was a district councilor in the Ostalb district .

Gisela Mayer died on July 1, 2020 in the St. Anna Virngrund Clinic at the age of 88 as a result of intestinal surgery.

Meløy

Meløy is a municipality in Norway's Nordland county. It is in the traditional district "Salten". 

Comet Ikeya–Seki

Comet Ikeya seki formally named C/1965 S1 etc. was discovered by Kaoru Ikeya and Tsutomu Seki hence the name.

Ikeya seki was discovered September 18 1965 and is now know to orbit the sun.

Hylodes japi

Hylodes japi is a frog. It lives in São Paulo, Brazil. People have seen it in exactly one place: Serra do Japi, between 850 and 1050 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 22.9 - 25.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 26.4 – 28.0 mm long.mm. The frog is silver-white in color with small dark spots. The belly is lighter in color than the back. Some frogs have red-brown color on the back and on the tops of the feet and legs. The iris of the eye is the color of copper metal.

This frog lives near streams where the water flows fast. The frogs mate in the water. The male frog sings for the female frog near the stream. She goes to him. They both swim to the bottom of the stream to find a good place for eggs. The female may leave without mating. Or the male can dig in the bottom of the stream. The two frogs mate inside the tunnel, and the female lays her eggs there. Then the male covers the top of the tunnel with sand.

The tadpole is brown in color with soe yellow on the back. The iris of its eye is black in color. They swim near the bottom of the water. They eat anything they can find. Scientists think they might eat other tadpoles.

There are fewer of these frogs than in the past. Scientists believe this is because human beings change the places where the frogs live, cutting down forests for wood and places to make towns and cities. They also think the frog may get sick.

Hylodes caete

Hylodes caete is a frog. It lives in São Paulo, Brazil. It lives high in the hills in Serra do Mar.

Crossodactylus

Crossodactylus is a group of frogs in the family Hylodidae. These frogs live in Brazil, southern Paraguay, and northern Argentina. These frogs are sometimes known as "Limnocharis", "Tarsopterus", "Calamobates," and by the English-language name spinythumb frogs. They typically inhabit streams in mountainous areas in the Atlantic Forest or in montane savanna.

There are 14 species:

Charlotte Spencer (actress)

Charlotte Spencer (born 26 September 1991) is an English actress, dancer and singer. She is known for playing the female lead in "The Living and the Dead". "Screen International" magazine named her a Star of Tomorrow 2015.

Crossodactylus gaudichaudii

Gaudichaud's frog, Muller's spinythumb frog or the Brazilian spinythumb frog ("Crossodactylus gaudichaudii") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. People have seen it between 60 and 1060 meters above sea level.

Dean Phillips 2024 presidential campaign

Dean Phillips, U.S. representative from , announced his campaign for the 2024 United States presidential election on October 27, 2023.

Phillips' campaign advisor said that the campaign will focus on primaries in New Hampshire, South Carolina and Michigan.

On March 6, 2024, Phillips suspended his campaign following Super Tuesday.

Crossodactylus trachystomus

The Minas Gerais spinythumb frog, Bokermann's spinythumb frog or the Bokermann's stream froglet ("Crossodactylus trachystomus") is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais, Brazil. People have seen it between 60 and 1060 meters above sea level.

Now and Then (Beatles song)

"Now and Then" is a single by the English rock band the Beatles. It was released on 2 November 2023 as a double A-side single. It is paired with a new mix of the band's first single, "Love Me Do" (1962). It has been called "the last Beatles song".

The song was originally written and recorded by John Lennon around 1977 as a solo piano home demo, but was left unfinished. After Lennon's death in 1980, the song was thought as the third Beatles reunion single. Instead of being included on "Anthology 3", the song was shelved for almost thirty years. It was later completed by surviving bandmates Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr with singing and included guitar tracks by George Harrison from a 1995 session.

The finalized version also has more lyrics by McCartney, and Lennon's voice taken from the original demo using the AI-backed audio restoration technology. Peter Jackson directed the music video for "Now and Then".

It was announced by iHeartMedia that 740 radio stations owned by them will premiere "Now and Then" on 2 November 2023 and will air hourly on their Classic Rock stations.

Olga Pilipova

Olga Pilipova (born 9 September 1983) is an archer from Kazakhstan. Pilipova competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Yelena Plotnikova

Yelena Plotnikova (born 16 July 1977) is a Kazakhstani archer. Plotnikova competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Breeder reactor

A breeder reactor is a type of nuclear reactor designed to produce more fissile material (usually plutonium-239) than it consumes while generating electricity. It achieves this by converting non-fissile uranium-238 into fissile material through a process called "breeding". In breeder reactors, fast neutrons are used to initiate nuclear fission, and as the reactor operates, it creates more fissile material than it consumes, making it an efficient way to generate nuclear fuel. Breeder reactors have the potential to significantly extend the availability of nuclear fuel resources and reduce nuclear waste, but they also come with challenges related to safety and proliferation concerns.

Be Cool, Scooby-Doo!

Be Cool, Scooby-Doo! is a kids' mystery TV series on Cartoon Network and Boomerang. The show is about a bunch of teens: Fred, Daphne, Velma and Shaggy; and their dog named Scooby-Doo. They love solving mysteries all the time.

Siegfried Joksch

Siegfried Joksch (4 July 1917 – 29 April 2006) was an Austrian football player. He played as midfielder mainly for FK Austria Wien. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Joksch began his career with SK Admira Wien. This was one of the top teams in Austria at the time. Joksch won the championship title and the cup competition with the team. In 1937 he moved to Austria Wien. With Austria he won the championship twice. He also won two cup finals.
He played 22 matches for the Austrian national football team. His debut was on 6 December 1945 in a 4-1 win versus France. His last match was a 3-3 draw versus Switzerland on 19 March 1950.
After finishing his active career, he briefly coached Kapfenberger SV. Then he retired from top-level football.

Diagnosis of schizophrenia

Diagnosis of schizophrenia is the decision of a doctor when they meet someone. While the doctor is with someone they watch and listen to what someone is doing to decide if they have a schizophrenia (sz) problem. Doctors make a decision using their senses.
In the 1911 publication of Dr Bleuler, sz is diagnosed by recognition of "large symptom-complexes", one of which "peculiar association disturbance" is always a symptom that exists for diagnosis to be made, examples of this are "blocking" and "spliting of ideas". The Fundamental symptoms are present in every diagnosed case, the Accessory symptoms are present also in other illnesses. The "key" symptom is the association disorder 

The fundamental symptoms of Dr Bleuler were:
A past definition of the most important symptoms of sz, which are described as the "First-Rank Symptoms" were described by Kurt Schneider during 1938 these are: 

To decide if a person has schizophrenia 
a doctor uses The Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders (DSM) 
made by the American Psychiatric Association 
for the United States of America (US) 
and the International Classification of Diseases (ICD), 
made by World Health Assembly and the World Health Organisation, 
for all of the world, 
although used in the US with a US only version made by The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) because of the different cultures. 

There are no medical tests that can be used to say if a person has sz or not, so getting a diagnosis depends on which list of symptoms are used. It also depends on the doctor or psychologist who talks to the person. Some scientists think that sz is several separate illnesses that have some of the same symptoms. These scientists claim that the research done on sz is not accurate since different researchers mean different things when they use the word "schizophrenia" in scientific studies. Similarly named mental illnesses include schizotypal personality disorder, schizoaffective disorder, and schizoid personality disorder.

Unlike what the name suggests, people with sz do not have a split personality.

Splitting also occurs in Borderline Personality Disorder. 
A study of 2018 found that some doctors, perhaps many, diagnose sz within the first few minutes based on the "praecox feeling". The "feeling" is perhaps like first impressions. The "praecox feeling" is not in the "symptom checklists" of DSM and ICD which are intended for use by psychiatrists for diagnosis.
Additional problems as defined by clinicians and medical services are described in medical terms as "comorbidities". One research group found "substance misuse" was mostly the morbidity which people with sz had; substances are known as psychoactive 

Raja Ravi Varma

Raja Ravi Varma (29 April 1848 – 2 October 1906) was an Indian painter and artist. His works are one of the best examples of the fusion of European academic art with a purely Indian sensibility and iconography. Especially, he was notable for making affordable lithographs of his paintings available to the public, which greatly enhanced his reach and influence as a painter and public figure. His lithographs increased the involvement of common people with fine arts and defined artistic tastes among the common people. Furthermore, his religious.

Breaking wave

A Breaker or a breaking wave is a wave that has reached a maximum height and due to lack of cohesion has returned to the mass of water to which it is a part of by the force of gravity. Simply a breaker is an unstable wave Because it is unstable the waves shape is broken into many little droplets and parts as it falls down. 

Glenoid fossa

The glenoid fossa is a shallow depression into the scapula where it meets the humerus.

Storm Ciarán

Storm Ciarán was a powerful windstorm that affected Europe in early November 2023. 
The Storm was named by the United Kingdom’s Met Office on 29 October 2023. 

The Storm especially affected the Isle of Jersey.
Where a tornado formed during thunderstorms with hail caused by Storm Ciarán. 
Also southern England and France were severely affected by the storm, with record winds in France.
The storm also caused flooding and huge waves. 

In the Netherlands an orange weather warning was given for the coastal provinces for high winds. 
Events were canceled and there was a lot of disruption due to canceled flights, trains and busses. 

There were 15 fatalities as a result of the storm. 
A 46-year-old woman died in Germany when a tree fell on her. 
There were 2 deaths in Belgium, a 5-year-old child and a 64-year-old woman. 
A 23-year-old woman died in Spain.
In France two deaths were reported, including a 72-year-old man who was blown off his balcony.
And in the Netherlands a person was killed when a tree fell on their car. 
As of 3 November 2023, seven more died in Italy and one in Albania.

In total there were more than 1 million power outages, in Cornwall around 4.000 properties were left without power.

WAGR Pm class

The WAGR Pm class were a total of 18 express steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1950 to 1972.

The Pm class were built by the North British Locomotive Coy in 1949 to specifications almost identical to the standard P class, with slight alterations. Although originally designated for express passenger traffic, due to having independently sprung wheels, which caused rough riding they were reassigned to goods work.

Because of this, they were assigned to heavy and express goods on the Eastern Goldfields Railway and Great Southern Railway where they were well-suited, later serving on the South Western mainline until the end of steam on the WAGR, with withdrawals starting in 1970 and ending in 1972. Unlike the Pmr class, they had roller bearings on their trailing, leading and tender wheels, and not on their driving wheels.

Two are preserved, No. 701 is displayed at the Bassendean Railway Museum and No. 706 was originally displayed at Narrogin before entering excursion service and is currently stored at Pinjarra on the Hotham Valley Railway due to weight restrictions on the line.

WAGR Pmr class

The WAGR Pmr class were a total of 16 express steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1950 to 1972.

The Pmr class was built in 1949 by the North British Locomotive Coy to almost identical specifications to the standard P class of 1924. They were ordered along with the Pm class, they differed from the aforementioned class in that they had all their wheels fitted with roller bearings, hence Pmr (Pacific Mills Roller-bearings). However like the Pm, due to each set of wheels being independently sprung, they rode roughly which led to their removal from express passenger traffic as they were unable to keep up with the set timetables.

Instead, they were placed on express and heavy goods work, where they worked successfully until the end of steam on the WAGR, with withdrawals starting in 1970 and ending in 1972. Four Pmr class locos are preserved, No. 70 is displayed at Steamtown, Peterborough in South Australia after having previously operated excursion trains, No. 721 is displayed at old Northam railway station, No. 729 is displayed at Coolgardie railway station, and No. 735 is in the possession of the Shire of Murray who plans on restoring it for static display in Pinjarra.

WAGR Q class

The WAGR Q class were a total of 2 utility steam locomotives operated originally by the Public Works Department (PWD) from 1928, and later by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1931 to 1953.

The Q class were built in 1928 for the PWD by Andrew Barclay & Son of Kilmarnock, Scotland essentially being an upgraded version of the G class then in use, with a utilitarian appearance and design for ease of maintenance and operation. In 1931 the railway construction branch of the PWD was amalgamated with the WAGR, where both engines lost their names ("Wiluna" and "Nornalup") and gained the running numbers 62 and 63. Both continued working on building projects until the late 1930s when they were reassigned as shunters. No. 62 was withdrawn in 1949, and No. 63 in 1953, both being scrapped.

Lady Slim

Lady Slim is the first drag queen in Azerbaijan.

Seymur Babayev was born on April 1, 1987 in Baku. After completing school in 2004, he entered the Faculty of History of Baku State University. In interviews, he mentioned that although he loved his specialty, but he always wanted to be on stage. After completing his studies in 2008, he went to Moscow, where he met the stage activities of drag queens for the first time. After learning everything of this art, he started to perform his first scenes in Moscow and after gaining experience, he returned to his native land Baku.

Lady Slim as the first drag queen of Azerbaijan, made herself known for the first time in 2010 on the broadcast one of Azerbaijan's famous television channels. Until then, she represented Azerbaijan in the international drag queen competition held in Odessa , Ukraine, and at the final of this competition, she received the titles of "First Vice Miss Travesty International 2010" and "Miss Theme Club". The experts commenting on the results of the competition mentioned Lady Slim's name in particular: "Today there was a great opportunity to give a Theme Club ribbon to a participant from Azerbaijan, by the way, she made a revolution there, because there was never such a thing before in Azerbaijan, it has now gone down in history." Lady Slim's show was also approved and supported by professional artists of Azerbaijan at that time. 

In 2011, Lady Slim went to Chisinau, the capital of Moldova, for the international contest "Miss Flawless Queen" to represent Azerbaijan again. She received the title of "Miss Elegant 2011" in this competition. Although Lady Slim's activities were not fully accepted within the country in the following years, the emergence of an artist in such a role in Azerbaijan managed to attract the attention of the international community. One of these is the establishment of world-famous businessman George Soros, the founder of the Open Society Foundations. Mirnaib Hasanov, one of the founders of the Azerbaijan Photographers Union, documented Lady Slim's life for the Open Society Foundations. The film consists of photographs reflecting the artist's daily and stage life. The main purpose was to show the difficult sides of the first drag in Azerbaijan.

In generally, Lady Slim noted that she was constantly harassed, censored and banned by the Azerbaijan government from the moment she first appeared on the scene. As she said in the interview: "The reason why I can't even be on the air anymore is because the producer of the program came to me and told me that the television channels were receiving phone calls from the state authorities, and I was banned from going to the press." In fact, one of the state officials who had the same surname as Slim (Babayev) expressed his objection to Slim speaking with this surname and banned her from appearing on television under surname. She appeared under the name "Babayev's show" according to her surname, until her stage pseudonym was Lady Slim. Later, Slim was completely banned from appearing on television. The BBC says that independent art isn't progressing in conservative Azerbaijan, where the government tries to control mass culture. Azerbaijan is a very conservative country. Anti-gay attacks are strong and actions for women's rights are sporadic, early marriages are common, and patriarchal traditions are strong too. Lady Slim stated in her recent interviews that her stage activities consist only of tours. "Now I live in the country, but I travel abroad frequently. I have performances abroad in venues with large audiences. . . Of course, they value my work abroad more, they find it more interesting, they are aware of drag culture." 

In 2021, French media published an interview with Lady Slim as the first drag queen from Azerbaijan on one of Europe's drag queen websites. Lady Slim also attracted the attention of French photographer Gregory Herpe. Herpe took a photo of Lady Slim in Baku and added it to the "Deep into Drag Queen" project. In that project, Lady Slim rides the tongue of a skull made from hundreds of skulls; the work of Turkish Kurdish artist Ahmet Guneshtekin. A photo taken in front of the Heydar Aliyev Center, a magnificent modern art museum in the capital of Azerbaijan, designed by Iraqi and British architect Zaha Hadid. It's not easy being a Drag Queen in this part of the world and Lady Slim pushes back against growing anti-queer restrictions to perform at home and abroad. 

Contemporary journalists in Azerbaijan believe that artists like Lady Slim remain at the forefront of a cultural movement that challenges norms, promotes acceptance and paves the way for a more inclusive society. Despite the challenges and bigotry she faces, her talent and determination shine through, reminding the world that drag culture is more than just entertainment; it is the embodiment of courage, freedom and the power to redefine social norms.


Abu Ali Mustafa Brigades

The Abu Ali Mustafa Brigades () originally called the Red Eagle Brigade or sometimes as the Popular Resistance Forces is the armed wing of the Marxist-Leninist, Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) in the Palestinian territories (the West Bank, Gaza and East Jerusalem). It is known for its role in armed resistance related to the Israeli-Palestinian conflict and for the Aircraft hijackings of several international planes.

The Abu Ali Mustafa Brigades were formed to support the PFLP's objectives, which include the establishment of an independent Palestinian state. The group has engaged in various military activities, including rocket attacks and guerrilla warfare against Israeli forces.

Their actions have been a subject of controversy, with some viewing them as freedom fighters while others label them as militants or terrorists.

The group changed their name in 2001 to Abu Ali Mustafa Brigades, in memory of the Secretary-General of the PFLP, Abu Ali Mustafa, who was assassinated by Israel in 2001.

All Star Batman and Robin

All Star Batman and Robin is a comic book by Frank Miller and Jim Lee. It is a darker version of Robin’s origin story.

When Bruce Wayne and his girlfriend Vicki Vale go to the circus, a twelve year old boy acrobat named Dick Grayson is there with his parents. Dick’s parents are then murdered. So Batman kills the police who were talking to Dick for being corrupt and dangerous. Batman then kidnaps Dick to make him his sidekick. 

After kidnapping Dick, Batman tells him to eat whatever bats or rats he can find while Batman leaves to fight criminals. When Dick faints, Alfred dresses Dick in new clothes and gives him food to eat but Batman is angry when he finds out. Batman attacks a lot of criminals to find out who had Dick’s parents killed and finds out it was The Joker. Dick names himself Hood after Robin Hood but Batman tells him that a hood is dangerous to use and calls him Robin. Hal Jordan goes to talk to Batman about him being a vigilante so Batman and Robin paint themselves and an entire room yellow so they can fight Hal Jordan and win. Robin attacks Hal and almost kills him but Batman stops him. Batman and Robin go to the cemetery where Robin’s parents are buried. Then Batman says “we mourn lives lost, including our own”. 

Most critics didn’t like this comic. 

Lualhati Bautista

Lualhati Torres Bautista (December 2, 1945 – February 12, 2023) was a Filipina writer, novelist, liberal activist and political critic. Her most popular novels include "Dekada '70"; "Bata, Bata, Pa'no Ka Ginawa?"; and "‘GAPÔ".

Bautista died at her home on February 12, 2023, at the age of 77.

Pittsburgh Maulers (2022)

The Pittsburgh Maulers are a professional American Football team that started in Canton, Ohio. The Maulers play in the United States Football League (USFL)

north teams. The Maulers were made a team in 2021, which was one of the eight starting teams for the re-launch of the United States Football League which closed in 1986. 

Boogie Roberts

Isiah Henne

Troy WilliamsThey have worn 2 different color schemes

Indigo and Orange (2022)

Black and Gold (2023- present)
Alltime record Regular Season Postseason 

5-15 1-1

Rhodes (disambiguation)

Rhodes is an island of Greece.

Rhodes may also refer to:





San Fior

San Fior is a "comune" in the Province of Treviso in the Veneto region in Italy.

Campi Salentina

Campi Salentina is a "comune" in the Province of Lecce in the Apulia region in Italy.


Montaldo Scarampi

Montaldo Scarampi is a "comune" in the Province of Asti in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Tarsia

Tarsia is a "comune" in the Province of Cosenza in the Calabria region in southern Italy.

Rhodes, Moselle

Rhodes is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Moselle department in northeast France.

Maglie

Maglie (Salentino: ; Griko: , ; ) is a town and "comune" in the Province of Lecce in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.

Rovinj

Rovinj (Venetian and ; Istriot: ) is a town in Croatia, on the north Adriatic Sea. It is on the western coast of the Istrian peninsula and is a popular tourist resort and an fishing port. In 2011, 14,294 people lived there. Istriot, a Romance language spoken in this part of Istria, which are some people who still speak it. The town is officially bilingual, with both Croatian and Italian.

Hagen im Bremischen

Hagen im Bremischen is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 20 km south of Bremerhaven, and 35 km northwest of Bremen. Hagen was the seat of the former "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") Hagen.

Hechthausen

Hechthausen is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Oberndorf, Lower Saxony

Oberndorf is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Heterojunction solar cell

Heterojunction solar cells (HJT), also known as Silicon heterojunction (SHJ), are a type of solar cell. They are mass-produced, and the second-most common variety of solar cell currently in production as of 2023. They are currently the most efficient type of solar cell used in solar panels available to everyday consumers. 

Similarly to other consumer solar cells, they are made from crystalline silicon wafer. Silicon wafers used in solar cells have to be specially prepared to enable them to efficiently generate power from sunlight. Various techniques are used to improve solar cell efficiency. HJT solar cells are set apart from other solar cells in the way that they achieve their high efficiency.

Silicon wafers have useful properties for electricity generation from light. Most photons that enter the silicon wafer are converted directly into electrons, which then flow towards the wafer surface. The bulk material, being high quality electronics-grade silicon, is easy for electrons to travel through. However, the surface of these wafers are problematic for the flow of electricity, because they are rough-hewn at the atomic scale. The interruptions to the silicon crystal causes electrons to become trapped at these surfaces, and thus they are unable to contribute to the generated electric current. 

To solve this issue, HJT solar cells use a very thin layer of amorphous (non-crystalline) silicon on top of the crystalline substrate. Amorphous silicon has very different chemical and electrical properties to crystalline silicon. The amorphous layer terminates the silicon crystal in a way that the electrons are not trapped. This technique is known as "surface passivation" because it makes the surface electrically passive. This is a highly effective way of neutralising surface defects.

The reason it is called "heterojunction" is because "hetero" means "different", referring to the different properties of the amorphous and crystalline silicon. "Junction" means the electrical interface between the two materials.

After the electrons exit the silicon wafer surface, they travel into a thin conductive coating on the front of the solar cell (the blue-coloured material), and are then collected by the metal electrode (visible as a grid of narrow lines on the surface).

Despite having a high efficiency and being long-lasting, heterojunction solar cells are generally more expensive than competing cell technologies such as "PERC" solar cells (currently the most common variety of mass-produced solar cell). The cost difference arises as a result of various manufacturing challenges; most notably the higher consumption of silver in the electrodes, and the requirement for very high quality silicon wafers for the substrate. Although they were invented decades ago, HJT cells have entered mass-production relatively recently due to patent restrictions, and so the technology is less mature than competing solar cell technologies.

Scientists have studied the beneficial passivating effects of putting amorphous silicon onto crystalline silicon since the 1970s. HJT solar cells were invented by Japanese scientists in 1983, who realised that solar cells could be made better by using that kind of passivation. The Japanese company Sanyo then filed patents for the technology in the 1990s.



To make the silicon, quartz sand or pebbles are mined in a quarry. Quartz is a good source of very pure silicon dioxide, which can be smelted into elemental silicon in a furnace. The silicon is then purified through chemical processes in a reaction chamber. The product, "polycrystalline silicon" is formed, which are rods of silicon that contain billions of tiny silicon crystals. At this point, the silicon is often around 99.9999999% pure.

Solar cells work better when they are made from just a single, big crystal. This is because moving electrons get trapped at the crystal surfaces ("grain boundaries"). To make single-crystal silicon (monocrystalline silicon), the polycrystalline silicon is first melted in a crucible. Some impurities are also added in, in small amounts, to make the silicon conduct electrons more easily. In the case of HJT solar cells, phosphorus is added in to make ""n"-type silicon".

To grow the big crystal, a smaller "seed crystal" is dipped into the molten silicon and pulled back out. The silicon that freezes onto that seed crystal becomes part of that same crystal. Using this technique, a very large ingot of monocrystalline silicon can be grown.

The ingot comes out in a cylindrical shape. The round parts are cut off to make a long rectangular prism, with the scraps recycled. Then the square ingot is sliced into very thin square pieces. These are the silicon wafers. Nowadays, the wafers are quite large; comparable to a tablet screen, but the thickness is similar to coarse human hair; between 100-200 micrometres.

When the wafers are cut from the ingot, they are quite rough and damaged from the sawing process, so they are then chemically polished to remove the damage. They are also chemically textured to make them less reflective; this helps the finished solar cell capture more sunlight. The texturing makes the smooth, shiny surface into a rough one (however this roughness is much more controlled than the damage that the wafer saw creates).

After the wafers are textured, pure amorphous silicon is coated onto the silicon wafer in a layer only a few nanometres thick. This is also a chemical process called chemical vapour deposition. The purpose of this layer is to refine the surface of the wafer so electrons don't get stuck there.

A second amorphous silicon layer is now needed on top. This time, small amounts of impurities such as boron or phosphorus are added to it, depending on which side is being coated. This makes electrical charges in the layer, which encourages electrons to flow towards it (or away from the opposite side). The thickness is similar to the other amorphous silicon layer.

Next, a highly conductive transparent coating is applied on top. The coating is usually made from indium tin oxide. This coating helps gather electrons from all across the solar cell and funnel them into metal conductors (the electrodes) on the front or rear of the solar cell. The coating also has special properties that stop light from bouncing off the solar cell. This coating causes the deep blue colour of the solar cell.

Finally, the metal conductors can be added. The conductors are typically printed onto the solar cell. This process, called "screen printing", is very similar to how t-shirts are printed. However metal paste is used instead of ink.

All the above steps are also done on the rear side of the wafer. The heterojunction solar cell is nearly symmetrical, so electricity is generated even if light is shone into the back of the cell. Solar cells that do this are called "bifacial".

Now that the solar cells are finished, many of them can be connected together into a solar panel. The cells are put between two sheets of glass, and the gaps are filled with plastic. Then an aluminium frame is put on so that the panel can be mounted to a rooftop or a ground stand.

Tristan (poem)

Tristan is a Old French poem originally written by Thomas of Brittany. It is actually a narrative poem. It is one of the many versions of the Tristan and Iseult legend. The poem exists only in eight fragments, amounting to around 3,300 lines of verse, most of those lines of verse are written towards the end of the story. It has been calculated that this shows about ⅙ of the original.


Macro BMA

Macro BMA, formerly known as Banco Itaú, is an Argentine banking entity owned by Banco Macro since November 2023. It was the Argentine subsidiary of the Brazilian bank Itaú Unibanco, founded in 1998 after the acquisition of Banco del Buen Ayre. Currently, the entity has 99 bank branches and 140 ATMs throughout the country, serving over 400,000 clients.

Work It Out Wombats!

Work It Out Wombats! is a TV show from PBS Kids produced by WGBH Kids.


The Minimighty Kids

The Minimighty Kids (Les Minijusticiers) is a French-animated television series based on a comic book series by Hélène Bruller and Zep about 78 children that magically gain superpowers based on each of their flaws and differences. A second season titled The Minimighty Squad (La Brande De Minijusticiers) centers around 5 of these kids that keep their powers because of them wishing on a magic star. 


Humor Risk

Humor Risk is a lost silent short comedy horror movie that saw the debut of the Marx Brothers. The movie was released in December 1921 after being shot in April that year. The reception it received at the children's matinee in New York was poor, and either Groucho Marx or the Brothers are said to have purchased the rights and had the sole print destroyed. The film was never recovered.


According to Kyle Crichton's 1951 biography of the brothers, Harpo played the hero, a character named Watson who "made his entrance in a high hat, sliding down a coal chute into the basement", against Groucho as the villain who in the finale is shown "in ball and chain, trudging slowly off into the gloaming". In his book "Monkey Business", Simon Louvish describes Harpo's character as being a detective.

Luiza Saidiyeva

Luiza Saidiyeva (; born March 17, 1994) is a Kazakh archer. Saidiyeva competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Vadim Shikarev

Vadim Shikarev (15 November 1968 – February 2001) was a Kazakhstani archer. Shikarev competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics, the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Kušim

Kušim (?) (lived 31st century BC) was a Sumerian writer, barley producer, beer manufacturer, storage owner, and accountant. Kušim is best known for having one of the earliest known recorded (supposed) names of a writer, as well as being one of the earliest known writers in history. Even though we know for certain that Kušim existed and lived in Sumer 31st century BC and that this person worked as a barley producer, storage owner, and accountant, it is rather disputed if Kušim is actually this person's name or not. Some scholars suggested that Kušim could be supposedly the title of a ocupation which used to exist (or it has a different name in the modern-day world), the supposed name of a institution, and/or more suggestions.

Kušim lived and worked 31st century BC in Sumer as a barley producer, beer manufacturer, storage owner, and accountant. He also worked as a writer. 
It is rather disputed if Kušim is actually this person's name or not. Some scholars suggested that Kušim could be the supposed title of a occupation which used to exist (or it has a different name in the modern-day world), the supposed name of an institution, and/or more suggestions. Kušim is only known from several clay tablets dating to around his time. He is best known for having one of the earliest known (supposed) recorded names of a writer and also for being one of the earliest known writers in history.

Pseudophilautus sordidus

The grubby shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus sordidus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 60 and 1060 meters above sea level.

WAGR S class

The WAGR S class were a total of 10 large steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1943 to 1972.

The S class were notable for being the only full design by Midland Railway Workshops, having been originally proposed in the 1930s by Draftsman Frederick Mills, who went on to become the Chief Mechanical Engineer (CME) of the WAGR until his death in 1949. An initial 3 were constructed in 1943, with another 2 following in 1945, and the last 5 in 1947. The S class were named after mountains in Western Australia and were originally intended for mixed traffic work, upon their entry into service they worked on the Eastern Railway and Eastern Goldfields Railway on passenger and freight services.

However, they were soon moved onto heavy goods traffic on the Great Southern Railway and South Western mainline, where they performed admirably. Withdrawals were carried out in 1971-72, with three left in preservation. No. 542 (477) "Bakewell" is currently displayed at East Perth terminal, No. 547 "Lindsay" is stored awaiting restoration in Queenscliff, Victoria, and No. 549 "Greenmount" is operational at the Bassendean Railway Museum where it is also displayed.

Sirpa

Sirpa is a Finnish female (first-name or) given name. A few men are named Sirpa in Finland.

Most of the people named Sirpa were born between 1940 and 1980.

Sirpa's name day is September 15.

The name is known from as early as [the childhood of] actress Sirpa Tolonen. She was baptized Siiri Sylvia, but her nickname became "Sirpa". Tolonen worked for a radio program, and her [strange or] peculiar name quickly spread throughout the country. 


List of pastors in Nigeria

This is a list of notable pastors in Nigeria, both present and past.

WAGR U class

The WAGR U class were a total of 14 steam locomotives originally owned by the British War Department and later operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1946 to 1970.

The U class were constructed in 1942 by the North British Locomotive Coy under an order from the British War Department for use on railways throughout North Africa during the Second World War, they were almost identical to the Sudan Government Railways 220 class 4-6-2 engines and were found to be unsuitable on most railways who required larger engines.

Most served in Sudan with several more stored in a dismantled state at a military railway in Derby, England. Upon the conclusion of World War II, the British War Department placed the stored locos up for sale, the WAGR jumped at the chance to resolve desperate locomotive shortages.

When they arrived they remained as oil burners due to protests on the Collie coalfields, they were placed on express passenger service on the South Western mainline to Bunbury where they performed so well that they were assigned to a newly named train the "Australind" which at the time was the fastest narrow gauge express in Australia.

However as diesels began to be introduced they were mostly stored at Midland Junction pending withdrawal, however, with more protests on the coalfields, some of the U class were reactivated hauling heavy goods until 1969 when most were withdrawn once more. No. 655 survived until 1970 hauling goods trains from Midland to Bassendean, and is now on display at the Bassendean Railway Museum. The Ut class rebuild No. 664 is also displayed at Bassendean.

WAGR Ut class

The WAGR Ut class was a single side tank steam locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1957 to 1970.

The Ut class was the result of converting standard U class No. 664 from a tender engine into a side tank engine for suburban service. Despite being converted to coal before becoming a tank engine in 1954, however, when being rebuilt it returned to oil burning, which was stored in the bunker. No. 664 was withdrawn in 1970 being one of the last tank engines in service, it is now displayed at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

WAGR Asg class

The WAGR Asg class were a total of 25 ASG steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1944 to 1957.

The Asg class were purposefully built for war service in Western Australia during the Second World War, they were part of the government scheme to build Australian Standard Garratts (ASG) for narrow gauge systems that required more motive power. They were not a great success and only provided temporary albeit much-needed relief before the class's own issues became too much. By 1958 all had been withdrawn, scrapped or sold. One that was built for Western Australia but never delivered is preserved and on display in Victoria.

Australian Standard Garratt

The Australian Standard Garratt (ASG) was a total of 57 steam locomotives built from 1943 to 1945.

After the federal government founded the Commonwealth Land Transport Board (CLTB) in 1939 a recommendation was made to build several types of Garratt for Australian railway networks. The CLTB only authorised the construction of the light type from several Australian builders for service in Western Australia, South Australia, Tasmania and Queensland. Though they did provide temporary relief to said systems they were found to have several flaws and most were withdrawn in the 1950s. One ASG No. G33 (which never actually served on a government system) is preserved and on display at Newport Railway Museum after working industrial trains.

2023 Nepal earthquake

A magnitude 5.7 earthquake hit Jajarkot District, Karnali Province, Nepal at 11:47 PM local time (18:02 GMT) on 3 November 2023. The earthquakes caused at least 153 deaths and injured at least 375 people. The earthquake was felt in western Nepal and northern India. It wasn't very strong, and relatively few people died. As it occured in an area that is remote and difficult to access, the death toll may still rise. It wasn't very strong, but it caused a lot of damage. This was because the building standards in the region are low. The earthquake also occurred at night.

Nepal is located in the Himalayas, a place where earthquakes happen because the Indian and Eurasian tectonic plates are colliding. These plates are moving towards each other at a rate of 1.6 to 2.0 inches per year. The Indian Plate is sliding beneath the Eurasian Plate's landmass, causing faults to form along the collision area. The Main Frontal Thrust is the main fault that handles this movement. Throughout history, earthquakes along these faults have been very destructive.

Earthquakes are quite common in Nepal. In 1934, there was a very big earthquake with a magnitude of 8.0 that hit Sagarmatha, and it caused 10,700 deaths in Nepal and India. In 1988, there was a magnitude 6.9 earthquake in eastern Nepal that killed over 700 people. In 2015, a big earthquake with a magnitude of 7.8 hit central Nepal and caused the deaths of over 9,000 people, including many in the capital city, Kathmandu.

The United States Geological Survey said the earthquake had a magnitude of 5.7 and a depth of 17.9 kilometers. The type of fault responsible for the earthquake was identified as a reverse fault along a plane that stretches from northwest to southeast, with the angle of dip being either northeast or southwest. A magnitude 4.0 aftershock was recorded hours later. The epicenter was estimated to be in Ramidanda, located in the Jajarkot District.

Băicoi

Băicoi is a town in Prahova County, Romania. About 16,500 people live there.

Lucie Zhang

Lucie Zhang, born on October 27, 2000 in Paris, is a French actress.

Lucie Zhang was born in the 13th district of Paris. She studied drama at the Francis Poulenc municipal conservatory from 2019 to 2020 and also took part in various short films during that time.

While she was a student majoring in economics and management at the University of Paris-Dauphine, she got recruited for the feature film "Paris, 13th District" directed by Jacques Audiard. She starred alongside Makita Samba, Jehnny Beth, and Noémie Merlant. In the film, she played the role of Émilie, a young woman of Chinese descent who works as a call center agent, despite having a degree from Sciences Po Paris. She lives in her grandmother's apartment, who resides in a nursing home in the Olympiades neighborhood. The film was in the official competition at the Cannes Film Festival in 2021.



Slatina, Romania

Slatina is the capital city of Olt County, Romania. It is on the river Olt. In 2021, 63,487 people lived there.

Râmnicu Vâlcea

Râmnicu Vâlcea is the capital city of Vâlcea County, Romania. As of 2021, 93,151 people live in Râmnicu Vâlcea.

Abdul-Malik al-Houthi

Abdul-Malik Badruldeen al-Houthi () or Abu Jibril is a Yemeni politician and religious leader who serves as the leader of the Houthi movement, a revolutionary movement principally made up of Zaidi Muslims. His brothers Yahia and Abdul-Karim are also leaders of the group, as were his late brothers Hussein, Ibrahim, and Abdulkhaliq. Abdul-Malik Houthi is the leading figure in the Yemeni Civil War which started with the Houthi takeover in Yemen in the Saada Governorate in northern Yemen.

Secretary of the Central Military Commission of the Communist Party of Vietnam

The Secretary of Central Military Commision of Vietnam is the highest party official in Communist Party of Vietnam on military affairs.

Vidin

Vidin () is a port city on the southern bank of the Danube in northwest Bulgaria. It is close to the borders with Romania and Serbia. It is also the capital of Vidin Province. In 2011, 48,071 people lived there.

Chairman of the National Assembly of Vietnam

The Chairman of National Assembly of Vietnam, less formally National Assembly Chairman is the legislative speaker of Vietnam, presiding over National Assembly.

Sfântu Gheorghe

Sfântu Gheorghe (; ; lit.: "Saint George") is a city in Transylvania, Romania. It is the capital city of Covasna County. It is on the Olt River in a valley between the Baraolt and the Bodoc Mountains. In 2021, 50,080 people live in Sfântu Gheorghe.

National Assembly of Vietnam

The National Assembly of the Socialist Republic of Vietnam is the highest branch of state power in Vietnam. The National Assembly is the only branch of government in Vietnam, in accordance with the principle of unified power.

Crossodactylus dispar

The Rio spinythumb frog ("Crossodactylus dispar") is a frog. It lives in the Serro do Mar mountain range. It lives in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro in Brazil and in parts of Argentina.

Obi Nduka Ezeagwuna II

Obi Nduka Ezeagwuna II (29 January 1992), is Nigerian royalty. He was crowned the Obi of Issele-Uku on 29 December 2016. He is the 20th Obi after his father who died 2014.

He is currently the Obi of Issele-Uku from 2016 to Present. He also serves as Nigerian engineer.

Nduka Ezeagwuna II, as he was known before becoming Obi of Issele-Uku, attended his primary and secondary school education at Greater Tomorrow in Benin City (Nigeria). He got his A-Level Certificate from University of Ibadan. He graduated as a chemical engineer from the University of Ibadan.

Obi Nduka Ezeagwuna, the traditional ruler of Issele-Uku kingdom in Aniocha North Local Government Area of Delta, has advised lawmakers to positively impact on the lives of their constituents. The traditional ruler gave the advice in his palace at Issele-Uku on Thursday when the member representing Aniocha North constituency in the state House of Assembly, Mr Emeka Nwaobi, led some principal officers of the House on a thank-you visit to him. He also urged them to justify the mandate given to them by their people by ensuring that the dividends of democracy got to them. ”As lawmakers, do all that you can to ensure that the people in your constituencies benefit from your quality and effective representation,” he said. Ezeagwuna said they should also use their positions as lawmakers to enact laws that would better the lives of the people, especially their constituents. The royal father, who was glad to receive Nwaobi as the Majority Leader of the Eighth Assembly, said that the lawmaker’s emergence as majority leader was an act of God. ”Today is a historic day for us as a people and as a kingdom, and I must commend members of the state assembly for making out time for this visit. ”Whatever that transpired in the life of Emeka Nwaobi is the will of God and not my will. ”I must say that whoever brings out himself or herself for the service of the people will surely be elevated to greater heights,” he said. He advised the lawmakers to ensure that they use their positions to impact positively on humanity by promoting people-oriented legislation. “My appeal to all of you is simple: you should know that the office you currently occupy is for the benefit of your people. “You should do all you can to ensure that your constituents benefit immensely from the position you currently occupy” the traditional ruler said. Earlier, Nwaobi told the traditional ruler that he was at the palace to thank him for his support before and after the election. Nwaobi, who was accompanied on the visit by the Deputy Speaker, Mr Arthur Akpowowo and other lawmakers, seized the occasion to officially inform the royal father of his emergence as majority leader of the assembly. ”I am here to thank my traditional ruler and my people for showing me love, especially all through my turbulent period. ”I am also here to him because each time I prepare to run for election, the palace has always been my first point of call. ”I have also come to seek your prayers for God to give me the wisdom to function effectively as majority leader, ” he said. The lawmaker also commended his colleagues for their support in making the visit a success (NAN).

Obi of Issele-Uku

Navbharat Times

Navbharat Times (NBT) is a Hindi newspaper distributed in Delhi, Mumbai, Lucknow and Kanpur.

Riobamba Canton

Riobamba Canton is one of ten cantons of the Chimborazo Province in Ecuador. Its population at the 2010 census was 225,741. Its capital is the town of Riobamba.

The canton is divided into 16 parishes, five urban parishes, Lizarzaburu, Maldonado, Velasco, Veloz and Yaruquíes, and eleven rural parishes: Cacha, Calpi, Cubijíes, Flores, Licán, Licto, Pungalá, Punín, Químiag, San Juan and San Luís.


The Economic Times

The Economic Times is an Indian English-language daily newspaper that focuses on business. It is owned by The Times Group.

Lodi Vecchio

Lodi Vecchio is an Italian city in Lombardy. Lodi Vecchio is in the Province of Lodi. It is near Lodi. About 7,500 people live there.

Codogno

Codogno is an Italian city in Lombardy. Codogno is in the Province of Lodi. About 15,000 people live there. It is the main center of the plain known as Basso Lodigiano, which has about 90,000 people live there.

Casalpusterlengo

Casalpusterlengo is an Italian city in Lombardy. Casalpusterlengo is in the Province of Lodi. About 15,000 people live there.

Fombio

Fombio is a "comune" in the Province of Lodi in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Somaglia

Somaglia is a "comune" in the Province of Lodi in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Queen Maud Land

Queen Maud Land (Norwegian: "Dronning Maud Land") is a region of Antarctica claimed by Norway as a dependent territory. Its size is about 2.7-million-square-kilometre (1.0-million-square-mile). It borders the claimed British Antarctic Territory 20° west and the Australian Antarctic Territory 45° east. In addition, a small unclaimed area from 1939 was annexed in June 2015. Positioned in East Antarctica, it makes out about one-fifth of the continent, and is named after the Norwegian queen Maud of Wales (1869–1938).

In 1930, the Norwegian Hjalmar Riiser-Larsen was the first person known to have set foot in the territory. On 14 January 1939, the territory was claimed by Norway. On 23 June 1961, Queen Maud Land became part of the Antarctic Treaty System, making it a demilitarised zone. It is one of two Antarctic claims made by Norway, the other being Peter I Island. They are administered by the Polar Affairs Department of the Norwegian Ministry of Justice and Public Security in Oslo.

Most of the territory is covered by the east Antarctic ice sheet, and a tall ice wall stretches throughout its coast. In some areas farther within the ice sheet, mountain ranges breach through the ice, allowing for birds to breed and the growth of a limited flora. The region is divided into, from west to east, the Princess Martha Coast, Princess Astrid Coast, Princess Ragnhild Coast, Prince Harald Coast and Prince Olav Coast:

Giovanni Goria

Giovanni Giuseppe Goria (30 July 1943 – 21 May 1994) was an Italian politician. He was the 46th Prime Minister of Italy from 1987 to 1988.

Goria died suddenly from lung cancer in his hometown Asti, aged 50.

Fernando Tambroni

Fernando Tambroni Armaroli (25 November 1901 – 18 February 1963) was an Italian politician. He was the 36th Prime Minister of Italy from March to July 1960. He was a member of the Christian Democracy.

Sant'Angelo Lodigiano

Sant'Angelo Lodigiano is an Italian city in Lombardy. Sant'Angelo Lodigiano is in the Province of Lodi. About 13,200 people live there.

Pitești

Pitești is a city in Muntenia, Romania. It is the capital and largest city of Argeș County. It is on the river Argeș. In 2021, 141,275 people lived there.

Pitești is an important commercial and industrial center and has two universities.

Slobozia

Slobozia is the capital city of Ialomița County, Romania. In 2021, 41,550 people live in Slobozia.

List of fentanyl analogues

This is a list of some fentanyl analogues (Fentalogs). 

The list has [famous] chemical compounds from (drug companies or) pharmaceutical companies for legitimate medical use. The list also has compounds that have been sold as designer drugs and reported to drug control agencies such as the DEA, or EMCDDA and UNODC.

Drobeta-Turnu Severin

Drobeta-Turnu Severin is the capital city of Mehedinți County, Romania. It is on the northern bank of the river Danube. In 2021, 79,865 people live in Drobeta-Turnu Severin.

Tvorchi

Tvorchi (Ukrainian for "creatives") are a Ukrainian electronic music duo from Ternopil. They have released four albums. Tvorchi reperesented Ukraine at the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 with the song "Heart of Steel". They finished in 6th place.

Vaslui

Vaslui is the capital city of Vaslui County, Romania. In 2021, 63,035 people live in Vaslui.

Graaff-Reinet

Graaff-Reinet is a town in the Eastern Cape Province of South Africa. It is the oldest town in the province. It is also the sixth-oldest town in South Africa, after Cape Town, Stellenbosch, Simon's Town, Paarl and Swellendam. The town was the centre of a short-lived republic in the late 18th century.[5] The town was a starting point for Great Trek groups led by Gerrit Maritz and Piet Retief and furnished large numbers of the Voortrekkers in 1835–1842.

Graaff-Reinet is home to more national monuments than any other town or city in South Africa. It is also known for being a flourishing market for agricultural produce, noted for its mohair industry, and sheep and ostrich farming.

Ianca

Ianca is a town in Brăila County, Romania. In 2021, 8,969 people live in Ianca.

Ardud

Ardud (; ) is a town in Satu Mare County, Romania. In 2021, 6,124 people live in Ardud. It is known for its fortress.

Suseni, Harghita

Suseni () is a commune in Harghita County, Romania.

Lueta

Lueta () is a commune in Harghita County, Romania.

Dame Gruev

Dame Gruev, (, , spelled in older Bulgarian orthography as "Дамянъ Йовановъ Груевъ" January 19, 1871 – December 23, 1906) was а revolutionary and insurgent leader in the Ottoman regions of Macedonia and Thrace. He was one of the six founders of the Internal Macedonian Revolutionary Organization. He is considered a national hero in Bulgaria and North Macedonia. He is also featured in the Macedonian national anthem "Denes nad Makedonija".

Dame Gruev was born in 1871 in the village of Smilevo, Monastir vilayet, Ottoman Empire (now North Macedonia). He received his elementary education in Smilevo and continued his education in the Men's High School of Thessaloniki, he would also study in Resen, Bitola, Thessaloniki and Belgrade. He was part of a group excluded from the school following a student revolt where they revolted aganist the Bulgarian propaganda and wanted school education in the back then banned Macedonian language. Gruev later continued his education in the Grandes écoles in Belgrade. Following yet another revolt, Gruev and his associates were excluded from the Great School and emigrated to Bulgaria. Gruev was enrolled in Sofia University and, later, in the Young Macedonian Literary Society. He found also the circle "Družba", whose aim was to implement "Article 23" of the Treaty of Berlin (1878) on the autonomy of Macedonia. In 1891 Gruev was expelled from the university as he was suspected in the assassination of the Minister Hristo Belchev, but subsequently, this allegation turned out to be groundless.

Next, Gruev left the university and returned to Ottoman Macedonia region, around 1891 till 1893 he worked as a teacher around the country looking for a job, first working as a teacher in his home town and then moving on to work as a teacher in Prilep. Eventually in late 1893 he decided to move to Thessaloniki with help from Hristo Tatarčev and Petar Pop Arsov among others, he became an inspector for local schools in Thessaloniki. Around this time he and 7 other revolutionaries came up with the Constitution and By-laws and the creation process of MRO. It was to be a secret organization under the guidance of a Central Committee, with local revolutionary committees throughout Macedonia and the region of Edirne. These regions were to be divided into revolutionary districts. In accordance with the Constitution, the first Central Revolutionary Committee was formed in the summer of 1894, under the chairmanship of Hristo Tatarčev.

In the summer of 1894 in the city of Negotino, he began organizing the first local revolutionary committee which would later be expanded all over Macedonia and Thracia, and soon after with the cooperation of Pere Tošev, the first district committee in the city of Štip. Gruev visited the cities of Resen, Ohrid, and Struga as well, and found the local population to be accepting his organization's revolutionary ideas very well. He remained a teacher in Štip during the academic year 1894–1895. In the fall of 1895 Goce Delčev arrived in Štip with the idea of laying the foundations of a revolutionary movement seeking autonomy for Macedonia and Adrianople Thrace. Gruev and Delčev met for the first time and shared their ideas there. Gruev introduced Delčev to the plan already outlined by the Central Committee of Thessaloniki. After this, both Gruev and Goce Delčev worked together in Štip and its environs.

The expansion of the IMRO at the time was phenomenal, particularly after Gruev settled in Thessaloniki during the years 1895–1897, in the quality of a school inspector. Gruev had become the soul and body of the Central revolutionary committee. Under his direction, secret revolutionary papers were issued, ciphers were introduced, pseudonyms or a "nom de plume" were used, and channels for secret communication between various other local and Macedonian committees were maintained. A representative of the Central Revolutionary Committee was sent to Sofia to take charge of purchasing and dispatching of the necessary war provisions for IMARC. Gruev's tirelessly travelled throughout Macedonia and the Vilayet of Adrianople and systematically established and organized committees in villages and cities. In 1897, Gruev was also one of the founders of the Society against Serbs. Unfortunately, for purely political reasons, and in order to avoid suspicion from the Ottoman authorities, IMARC decided to dismiss Gruev in 1898. Soon after his dismissal Gruev moved to Bitola and there with the cooperation of Petar Pop Arsov, Vasil Paskov and others, he began to issue a revolutionary paper.

He organized a system in which money was collected from Sunday schools through a special "revolutionary tax", and a quantity of war materials was purchased. Gruev was again appointed to the teaching staff now in the city of Bitola, and as such, he also assumed the management of the revolutionary movement in the "Vilayet of Monastir" (Bitola), while the active persons at the Committee in Thessaloniki were Hristo Tatarčev, Pere Tošev, and Hristo Matov. Gruev's activities in the Bitola district were not left unnoticed by the Ottoman authorities. Numerous "chetas" (bands) throughout the surrounding mountains began to terrorize the local authorities. Gruev, being suspected as a major factor in fostering this movement, was arrested on 6 August 1900. He was held in Bitola jail until May 1902. However, by using secret writings and ciphers, he was able to remain in contact with the local revolutionary committees and direct the affairs of the revolutionary district of Bitola.

In the later part of May 1902, Gruev was condemned to banishment in the prison of Podrum Kale in Anatolia. There he found Hristo Matov and Hristo Tatarčev, both sentenced to exile in January 1901. Gruev and his comrades were kept in "Podroum Kale" for ten months. Although he was away from Macedonia and Thrace itself, Gruev managed to keep himself informed as to the development and affairs of the MRO. He kept up a steady stream of encrypted correspondence with Thessaloniki, Bitola, and Sofia. On Easter of 1903, at the instance of a general amnesty, he was released. Gruev hastened to Thessaloniki and there he found that the Central Committee, which was in charge of the IMRO, had already resolved to declare a general insurrection which was to take place during 1903. Although Gruev was not in accord with the Central Committee's decision, primarily because of the MRO's lack of preparedness, he gave in to the decision of the Central Committee.

He left Thessaloniki and went to Smilevo where the insurrectionary Congress was to be held. The purpose of this Congress was to set the date for the declaration of the general insurrection and to outline the methods and tactics in its prosecution. Here Gruev met Boris Sarafov, who had just arrived from Bulgaria. Gruev was elected as chairman of this Congress, and the latter decided that the day of the declaration of the insurrection was to be 2 August 1903. Gruev, Boris Sarafov, and Anastas Lozančev were elected by the Congress as the three members of the General Staff and empowered to direct the insurrectionary forces in the Bitola region. Gruev lived to see the retreat of the Turkish troops from his native village of Smilevo. He was engaged, during the course of the insurrection, in numerous skirmishes with the Ottoman Army. But with the arrival of Ottoman troops, any progress of the insurrection was made impossible and in a period of six weeks, it was completely crushed. Gruev put himself on the task of touring various revolutionary districts, disarming the insurgents, and storing up the war materials for future use. Gruev and his followers continued the work of organization and preparation for another uprising.

In 1904 Dame Gruev chaired the Prilep Congress of the Bitola Revolutionary District of IMRO. In the autumn of that year, Dame was captured by the Serb's leader Micko Krstić, but was set free, with the assistance of Gligor Sokolović, after his negotiations with Pere Tošev. In 1905 Gruev headed the first General Congress of the organization after the uprising, the so-called Rila Congress. Here Dame Gruev was elected as a member of the Central Committee and became in fact its leader, until his death. Indeed, Dame was the only one who appeared to be capable of mastering Jane Sandanski's ambition for leadership. However, the Rila Congress failed to erase the political differences in the organization. There arose a need to conduct a new special congress in Sofia in December 1906, which never took place. At the end of 1906, Gruev moved with his detachment from Ottoman Macedonia to Sofia to attend the special Congress. On 23 December 1906, Dame Gruev and his detachment were discovered by the Turkish authorities near the village of Rusinovo (Maleševo district). Gruev and his band were confronted by Ottoman forces and in the following battle he was killed.

In North Macedonia, he is regarded as an important Macedonian revolutionary who fought for a separate Macedonian nation and state. For Macedonian historian Vančo Gjorgjiev, Dame Gruev was one of the main and most important leaders in the Macedonian revolutionary movement between the late 19th century and 20th century. His name is part of the Macedonian national anthem "Today over Macedonia". A monument was placed in his honor in the Macedonia Square in Skopje in 2011, as part of the "Skopje 2014" project. Regarding his death, Macedonian poet Nikola Petrov-Rusinski wrote:

Trollhättan school stabbing

On 22 October 2015, a mass stabbing happened at Kronan School, a high school in Trollhättan, Sweden when a 21-year-old man named Anton Lundin Pettersson killed three people and injured one other person with a sword before dying himself after being shot by police who had arrived at the school.

It is the deadliest attack on a school in Swedish history and also the first attack on a school in Sweden where someone died since the Kungälv school shooting in 1961, where one person was killed and six other people were injured. The investigation by police says that Pettersson was motivated by racism and had chosen to attack the school because it was in a neighbourhood where many immigrants lived.

There have been many hate crimes in city of Trollhättan, including an fire attack at a mosque in the 1990s. Lots of people think it is the most racially devided place in Europe.

Pettersson went into the school at 10:06, wearing black clothes, a cape, a type of German helmet and a paintball mask. People who saw him thought he was at the school for a Halloween prank. The news and media compared the way Pettersson was dressed to the way a character from the film series Star Wars, named Darth Vader dresses.

A 20-year-old teaching assistant named Lavin Eskandar walked up to Pettersson, who stabbed him. Eskandar died at the school. Pettersson then stabbed a 15-year old Somali student named Ahmed Hassan, who died from being stabbed in hospital. Pettersson then stabbed a 15-year-old Syrian student who was not named, who survived his injuries.

When he was walling through the school, two students walked up to Pettersson and because they thought he was there for a Halloween prank, they posed with him and took a picture. The police chief of the city named Niclas Hallgren, said that Pettersson didn’t kill them becuase they were white.

After that, a 42-year-old teacher named Nazir Amso, walked up to Pettersson and told him to remove his mask. Petterson ran at Amso and stabbed him. Amso died from being stabbed six weeks later in hospital on 3 December. Some time before, 10:16, police officers came to the school, ten minutes after Petterson came to the school. Pettersson ran at the police and he was shot in his abdomen, which he died from in hospital.

Anton Niclas Lundin Pettersson (22 June 199422 October 2015) was the man who did the attack. Pettersson did not have a criminal record and he wasn’t a member of any political organisation, but he did support a petition by the Sweden Democrats to make a petition about immigration. "Aftonbladet" said that Pettersson went om far-right and extremist websites supporting Adolf Hitler and Nazi Germany and he also joined a Facebook group that wanted to stop immigration in Sweden. The Swedish Security Service was called in to investigate the information.

Pettersson lived in a building far away from the school but he chose to attack the school because it was in Kronogården, a town where lots of immigrants lived, police used this as more evidence for his motive. People who used to be in the same class as Pettersson said he was a lonely person who "lived in his own world" and dressed in black clothes from the emo or rock scene.

A survivor of the 2011 Norway attacks named Bjørn Ihler, said in "The Guardian" that in 2013, Pettersson had liked a YouTube video of former Ku Klux Klan leader Johnny Lee Clary talking about how a good experience with a black man made him stop being racist.

On the morning of 23 October, one day after the attack, Swedish police and news said that the attack had "racist motives" and that it was a "hate crime". The city’s police chief named Niclas Hallgre said that hat all of the victims of the attack were "dark-skinned". The Head of Investigation named Thord Haraldsson said that CCTV footage showed that Pettersson didn’t kill any people with white skin.

After the news of the attack, Prime Minister Stefan Löfven went to Trollhättan and she said it was a “black day" for the country. Minister for Integration Anders Ygeman said on Twitter: "It is with sadness and dismay I received the news of the attack on the school in Trollhättan. My thoughts go to the victims and their families". King Carl XVI Gustaf said that the royal family heard the news "with great dismay and sadness".

On the days getting closer to Halloween, there were reports of people wearing suspicous costumes or brandishing weapons, which were actually just people celebrating Halloween. The police told the public not to carry fale weapons with their Halloween costumes, to stop anyone being confused. Kronan School was closed until 2 November, when it was opened with better security.

On 29 September 2017, the first book about the attack was published: "What Was Never Allowed To Happen: The Trollhättan School Attack" () The book had information about the attack that was not known to the public before, including a message Pettersson sent to an online friend before the attack. The author, , spoke to Petterson’s brother Erlandsson won the Stora Journalistpriset for the book.

On 25 March 2019, two consecutive mass shootings happened in a terrorist attack on two mosques in Christchurch, New Zealand, where 51 people were killed and 40 pther people were injured. The perpetrator behind the shootings spoke about Pettersson in his manifesto and declared his support for him and also wrote Petterson's name on one of his guns.

Inspired attacks

List of ambassadors of the United States to Australia

The ambassador of the United States to Australia is the highest ranking diplomatic official from the United States to Australia.

Pavullo nel Frignano

Pavullo nel Frignano is a "comune" in the Province of Modena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Football player Luca Toni was born here.

Palagano

Palagano is a "comune" in the Province of Modena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Laurito

Laurito is a "comune" in the Province of Salerno in the Campania region in Italy. It is about 200 km south of Napoli.

Cavatore

Cavatore is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

La Villeneuve-les-Convers

La Villeneuve-les-Convers is a French commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Storm Poly

Storm Poly was a severe windstorm that affected northwest Europe in early July 2023. 

The Netherlands was most affected by the storm.
Storm Poly was the most severe summer storm in the Netherlands since at least 1911.

In the Dutch provinces of North Holland, Flevoland and Friesland a red weather warning was given for strong wind gusts.

At Schiphol Airport in Amsterdam, about 400 flights were canceled, and many flights were unable to land. 

There were two fatalities as a result of the storm: a 51-year-old woman in the Netherlands, and a woman in Germany.

Hollow (Alice in Chains song)

"Hollow" is a 2012 song by Alice in Chains. It is the leading single from their fifth studio album "The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here" and went to number 1 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks and number 4 on the Canadian Rock Tracks charts. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2014.

Parasitic disease

A parasitic disease is a disease caused by a parasite. It is also known as parasitosis. Parasites live on or inside a host organism, and they cause harm to the host. Parasites are either protozoa, parasitic worms (called helminths), or parasitic arthropods. Other parasites that cause disease include lice, fleas, mites, and certain fies, which are know as ectoparasites.

List of ambassadors of the United States to Japan

The ambassador of the United States to Japan (Japanese: 日本駐在アメリカ合衆国大使, Hepburn: "Nihon Chūzai Amerika Gasshūkoku Taishi") is the highest ranking official from the United States to Japan.

Rahm Emanuel is the 32nd and current United States ambassador to Japan, in office since March 2022.

List of benzimidazole opioids

Benzimidazole opioids, also known as nitazenes, are a class of synthetic opioids with an unusual benzimidazole structure often called "opioid NPS" (or "opioid New Psychoactive Substances"). 

The best known of these opioids is etonitazene. Benzimidazole opioids bind the mu-opioid receptor and may show potency up to several hundred times that of morphine.

These opioids have been used in research, and also are being used for drug abuse. Isotonitazine has been implicated in opioid overdose deaths in Europe, Canada, and the United States beginning in 2019. 










Full Gear (2019)

Full Gear (2019) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on November 9, 2019 at Royal Farms Arena in Baltimore, Maryland. It was the first Full Gear event to take place.

The main event saw Jon Moxley defeat Kenny Omega in an unsanctioned lights out match. All Elite Wrestling would be fined $10,000 by the Maryland Athletic Commission because both Moxley and Omega bled during their Lights Out match.

Vitaly Shin

Vitaly Shin (born 21 June 1961) is a Kazakhstani archer. Shin competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Yana Tunyantse

Yana Tunyantse is a Kazakhstani archer. Tunyantse competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

WAGR A class (diesel)

The WAGR A class were a total of 14 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1960 to 1969.

The A class were built by Clyde Engineering of Granville, Syndey, NSW and Commonwealth Engineering (Comeng) of Bassendean, Western Australia under contract being the first diesel locomotives built in said state. Another two were paid for by the Western Mining Corporation (WMC) featuring dynamic brakes. Improved versions of the class became the Aa and Ab classes respectively.

Class leader No. 1501 is preserved at the Bassendean Railway Museum, No. 1502, 1510 and 12 operate in Chile, while No. 1503-04 are in service in Guinea. The extra WMC locos are still working in Australia. At the same time, five of the class have been scrapped with an additional loco being exported to South Africa with its current disposition unknown.

Revolution (2023)

Revolution (2023) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on March 5, 2023 at Chase Center in San Francisco, California. It was the fourth Revolution event to take place and the first AEW pay-per-view to be held in the state of California.

The main event saw MJF defeated Bryan Danielson in a 60-minute Iron Man match. The match would go into sudden death overtime and MJF would defeat Danielson 4–3 to retain his AEW World Championship. 

Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" gave the Iron man match between MJF and Bryan Danielson 5.75 out of 5 stars. He also gave the Texas Deathmatch 5 stars.

Revolution (2022)

Revolution (2022) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on March 6, 2022 at Addition Financial Arena in Orlando, Florida. It was the third Revolution event to take place.

The main event saw "Hangman" Adam Page defeat Adam Cole to retain his AEW World Championship. Page would his Cole with Cole's own move, "The Boom". He would then hit a second "Buckshot Lariat" and get the pinfall victory. 

Swerve Strickland and William Regal both made their AEW debuts during the event.

Revolution (2021)

Revolution (2021) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on March 7, 2021 mainly at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The street fight match took place in Atlanta, Georgia. It was the second Revolution event to take place.

The main event saw Kenny Omega defeat Jon Moxley in an Exploding Barbed Wire Deathmatch to retain his AEW World Championship. Omega would hit the "One-Winged Angel" on Moxley onto a steel chair and get the pinfall victory. Afterwards, Omega and The Good Brothers (Doc Gallows and Karl Anderson) would end up beating down Moxley. Eddie Kingston would jump into the ring and cover Moxley before the ring exploded. The explosion or lack thereof was mocked and criticized online. Omega was said to be very angry backstage about how the ending happened. 

Ethan Page and Christian Cage both made their AEW debuts during the event.

WAGR Aa class (diesel)

The WAGR Aa class were a total of 5 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1967 to 1998.

The Aa class were built by Clyde Engineering of Granville, Sydney, NSW as a more powerful version of the standard A class. All of the Aa class were sold to the Ferrocarril de Antofagasta a Bolivia (FCAB), Chile in 1998. All the Aa class survive at present operating in Chile.

Susana Gutierrez Godoy

Susana Gutierrez Godoy (24 May 1910 in Tepechitlan, Zacatecas, Mexico - 4 January 2024 ) was a Mexican supercentenarian whose age is validated by the Latin American Supercentenarians (LAS). She is currently the oldest known (documented) living person in Mexico.

Susana Gutierrez Godoy was born in Tepechitlan, Zacatecas, Mexico, on 24 May 1910. She was the second of five children. Her mother, Francisca Godoy Ortiz (1885—1916), passed away when she was just six years old, and her father, Juan Gutierrez Correa (1887—1983), lived to the age of 95. In the absence of her parents, her aunt assumed the role of caretaker for Susana and her siblings, essentially becoming a mother figure to them. Susana started working at a very young age. Her father eventually remarried when she was older, but her dedication to supporting her family continued. Throughout her life, she focused on selling food, particularly menudo (a traditional Mexican soup), and preparing dinners in Tepechitlan City. Additionally, Susana had a fondness for mezcal. 

She married for the first time at the age of 21, only to become a widow shortly thereafter. She wed her first husband, Jose Estrada Meza, on 19 April 1932, but he passed away just over a year later on 5 December 1933. Following this, she entered into a second marriage with Pedro Vazquez Parra, on 8 June 1939, when she was 29 years old. She had a daughter who died at the age of three months. After her daughter died, she was not able to have any more children.

One of her brothers passed away at the age of 32 due to a heart attack, while another brother, Agustin, lived to be 92.

According to her relatives, she was remarkably independent. She continued to cook for herself until she was around 100 years old. At one point, she even had her own chickens.

On 21 July 2021, following the death of Jorge Duran Coral, she became the third oldest known living person in Mexico whose age been authenticated by an organization specializing in age verification.
On 19 October 2022, following the death of Angela Diaz Millan, she became the oldest known living person in Mexico whose age has been authenticated by an organization specializing in age verification. 

In 2020 she celebrated her 110th birthday. At the age of 110, she moved to a nursing home in 2020. 

Revolution (2020)

Revolution (2022) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on February 29, 2020 at Wintrust Arena in Chicago, Illinois. It was the first Revolution event to take place.

The main event saw Jon Moxley defeat Chris Jericho to win the AEW World Championship. Moxley would hit Jericho with his finisher the "Paradigm Shift" and get the pinfall victory to become the new champion. 

Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" said that the tag team championship match was "the greatest tag team match in history" and have the match 6 out of 5 stars. He would also go on to award the match as the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" Pro Wrestling Match of the Year and Best Major Wrestling Show of 2020. The match would also win the Pro Wrestling Illustrated Match of the Year and Voices of Wrestling Match of the Year awards.

WAGR Ab class (diesel)

The WAGR Ab class were a total of 6 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1969 to 2000.

The Ab class were built by Clyde Engineering of Granville, Sydney, NSW as an improved version of the Aa class built in 1967 with larger fuel capacity. The Ab class continued in service until 2000 when the last was included in the sale of Westrail to the Australian Railroad Group (ARG)

Several had been withdrawn before this. Two of the Ab class are in South Africa, one in Chile, one has been scrapped, and one is stored at Forrestfield by Aurizon. No. 1535 is preserved by Rail Heritage W.A.

Heinrich Hiltl

Heinrich Hiltl, from 1939 Henri Hiltl (8 October 1910 - 25 November 1982) was an Austrian and French football player and coach. He played for both national football teams.
Heinrich Hiltl came to Brigittenauer AC at the age of 15. In the first year in the 1st class of the Austrian championship in 1926/27, Brigittenauer AC sensationally took second place. Hiltl played one championship game this season. In the following years Hiltl played an important role for the Brigittenauer AC. In 1929 Heinrich Hiltl moved to Wiener AC as a 19-year-old and immediately became an integral part of the team. Hiltl celebrated his first major successes with the WAC. In 1931 he won the Austrian Cup with them .They reached the final of the Mitropa Cup (a forerunner of the Champions League. Hiltl was used in all seven Mitropacup games and was the top scorer in the competition with seven goals. Both final games were lost against First Vienna FC 1894. Hugo Meisl also became aware of the Viennese and called him up to the Austrian national team for the international match against the ČSR on 12 April 1931. Hiltl was in the starting line-up.He was unable to convince in this match.

In 1934 Hiltl left the WAC and Austria and played for the French club Excelsior AC Roubaix. He immediately became an important part of the team and stayed in Roubaix until 1939. With his new club, Heinrich Hiltl finished 9th, 8th, 6th and 13th in the first French division from 1936 to 1939. In 1939, Heinrich Hiltl moved to the Racing Club de Paris and won the French Cup in the 1939/40 season. Hiltl had long since broken off all ties with Austria, which had now become part of the German Empire. After receiving the offer to play in the French national team, he accepted French citizenship in 1939. At RC Paris, Hiltl met two other Frenchmen with Austrian roots, his former club colleague Rudolf Hiden and Gusti Jordan.

Henri, as he now called himself, played his first game in the French national team together with Hiden and Jordan on 28 January 1940 in the Prinzenparkstadion in Paris against Portugal. Hiltl was used in the home game against Belgium on 24 December 1944. Both games were won by France (Portugal 3:2, Belgium 3:1).

After Hiltl won the cup with RC Paris in 1940, he left the club again. The years from 1941 to 1945 represent a gap in Hiltl's biography. It is not known where he spent these years or had to do military service. In 1945 Henri Hiltl signed a contract with CO Roubaix-Tourcoing and played again in the French first division. He helped the club from Roubaix win their first and only French championship title. In 1948, he ended his career as a player.
He switched to coaching ( Tourcoing, Mouscron/Belgium and Merlebach/Lorraine), but he was only moderately successful. He has established a systematic talent development program at SO Merlebach.

Urmston

Urmston is a town in Trafford, Greater Manchester, England. In 2011, 41,825 people lived there.

Mossley

Mossley is a town and civil parish in Tameside, Greater Manchester, England. It is in the upper Tame Valley and the foothills of the Pennines, southeast of Oldham and east of Manchester. In 2011, 10,921 people lived there.

WAGR B class (diesel)

The WAGR B class were a total of 10 diesel-hydraulic locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1962 to 1984.

The B class were designed by Commonwealth Engineering in Queensland while being assembled at Bassendean entering service from 1962 to 1965. The first few locos were used for shunting at Midland and West Perth.

The second group featured slopped cabs in order to operate on Fremantle wharves with low-set cranes. All of the class were withdrawn in 1984. Some have been preserved, such as class leader No. 1601 which is stored at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

Casaletto Lodigiano

Casaletto Lodigiano is a "comune" in the Province of Lodi in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Salerano sul Lambro

Salerano sul Lambro is a "comune" in the Province of Lodi in the Lombardy region in Italy.

San Zenone al Lambro

San Zenone al Lambro is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Cerro al Lambro

Cerro al Lambro is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Vizzolo Predabissi

Vizzolo Predabissi is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Carpiano

Carpiano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Bascapè

Bascapè is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Carugate

Carugate is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Who Let the Dogs Out

"Who Let the Dogs Out" is a 2000 song by Bahamian band Baha Men. It gained popularity after being used in the movie "" and its soundtrack. It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, Scotland and Ireland, number 1 in New Zealand and Australia, number 40 in the United States, number 14 in Canada and number 4 in the Netherlands.

Gustav Tögel

Gustav Franz Tögel (24 October 1907 – 24 January 1981) was an Austrian football player. He won the Mitropacup with Vienna. He also played one match for the Austrian national football team.
He started with the second division club Gersthofer SV. Then he moved to Floridsdorfer AC. There he mostly played in the right-wing position in a forward line that also included national players Karl Jiszda, Robert Juranic and Josef Molzer. Tögel made a name for himself as a dangerous striker. In the middle of the 1929/30 season he had an offer from First Vienna FC and signed with them. He scored at least one goal in each of the remaining matches until the end of the season. 

In May 1930 he won his first major title. Vienna won versus FK Austria 1-0 in the final of the ÖFB Cup. The following season the team won the first championship title in the club's history. Tögel was an important part of the attacking formation together with Friedrich Gschweidl, Josef Adelbrecht and Anton Brosenbauer.

The title allowed them to take part in the Mitropacup 1931. They reached the final with victories over Bocskai FC Debrecen and AS Roma. There the Döblingers met Wiener AC in the only all-Austrian final in the history of this competition. Tögel contributed a goal to the 3-2 win in the first game. Then they won 2-1 win at Hohe Warte.

1934 Tögel left Vienna and moved to the Swiss professional league. There he played for Young Fellows Zurich. In 1936 they were runner-upin the championship. In the same season they won the cup with a 2-0 win against SServette FC Genève. Tögel's goal to make it 1-0 in the first minute is still the earliest in the history of the finals of the Swiss Cup competition. In 1937 he changed clubs again. He ended his career in the French Division 2 at FC Nancy.
Tögels debut in the national team was on 3 May 1931 in a 0-0 draw against Hungary. This was his only match for Austria because his position was played by Anton Schall. Tögel was only able to play in the Vienna city team.
After 1945 Tögel worked as a player-coach at a number of Lower Austrian clubs (Badener AC, SC St. Andrä-Wördern, SV Fabrik Vöslau and SK Ernstbrunn). When he was coach of the Vienna lower house club ASK Atzgersdorf, he was hired by FC Wien, which was in danger of relegation. He managed to stay in the league. In 1965 he looked after SK Slovan Vienna.

Newspapers published in Nigeria

This is a list of newspapers in Nigeria. The list includes print and online newspapers currently published in Nigeria that have national circulation or that are major local newspapers.
Below are list of Newspapers in Nigeria. As the need for this Wiki, some will still appear on red link till creation.


IJmuiden

IJmuiden is a port city in the Dutch province of North Holland. It is the main town in the municipality of Velsen.

DFDS Seaways serves a route between IJmuiden and Newcastle Upon Tyne.



IJmuiden has an oceanic climate. 

The highest temperature ever recorded in IJmuiden was on 19 July 2022.

The lowest temperature ever recorded in IJmuiden was on 4 February 2012.

The highest wind gust ever recorded in IJmuiden was on 3 January 2012.

The highest 24-hour precipitation sum in IJmuiden was 96.6 millimeters on 28 July 2014.

Cristina García

Cristina García (), (born 25 March 1987) is a Spanish politician and lawyer specialised in animal law. She is the Vice President of the Animalist Party with the Environment (PACMA) since October 2021.
She graduated with a licentiate degree in Law from the University of Cádiz and earned a master's degree in International Law. She works as a lawyer since 2011 and co-founded her own law firm, which specialised in animal law in 2020.

After her appointment as Vice President of PACMA in 2021, she assumes the position of Manager for the legal action and political action party's areas.

Political activist for animal rights participates in demonstrations against bullfighting, the "legalized mistreatment" of Mijas donkey taxis or the octopus farm planned in Gran Canaria. 
Involved in environmental protection like the Málaga Urban Forest or the defense of “Vega Mestanza”.

Cristina promotes veganism as a lifestyle so she attended as a guest in 
European Vegan Summit 2022 and at Veg Fest 2023.

Pseudophilautus asankai

Asanka's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus sordidus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 810 and 1830 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 21.2 – 23.4 mm long from nose to rear end. There is extra skin on the toes of the front feet and webbed skin on the toes of the back feet. The skin of the frog's back is ash-brown in color. The toes of all four feet, parts of the legs, and the belly are yellow in color. Parts of the frog's middle and back legs have small yellow spots.

This frog lives in small woody plants that live in places where the sunlight reaches partway to the forest floor. Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", it does not swim as a tadpole. This frog hatches out of its egg as a small frog.

Scientists used to think that this frog and "P. hoffmani" were two different species, but they changed their minds in 2021.

Fyter Fest (2019)

Fyter Fest (2019) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on June 29, 2019 mainly at Ocean Center in Daytona Beach, Florida. It was the first Fyter Fest event to take place. The event was in co-sponsorship with the esports tournament Community Effort Orlando (CEO) and was held alongside it. The event was streamed for free on B/R Live in Canada and the United States.

The main event saw Jon Moxley defeat Joey Janela in an unsanctioned match. While on top of a bunch of thumbtacks, Moxley would hit the "Paradigm Shift" on Janela into them and get the pinfall victory.

Stellenbosch

Stellenbosch is a town in the Western Cape province of South Africa. It is about 50 kilometres (31 miles) east of Cape Town. 

Queer Duck

Queer Duck is an American adult animated web series. Queer Duck: The Complete Series on DVD It Released on December 12, 2013 by 20th Century Fox Home Entertainment, but Queer Duck was not produced by 20th Century Fox Television but Queer Duck was produced by Icebox.com, and Queer Duck was not distributed by 20th Television.

2023 in the United States

Events from the year 2023 in the United States.

Fyter Fest (2020)

Fyter Fest (2020) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 1 and July 2, 2020 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. It was aired on July 1, 2020 and July 8, 2020 since Night 2 was pre-recorded. Both nights were aired as special episodes of "Dynamite". It was the second Fyter Fest event to take place. The event was originally going to be the United Kingdom debut of AEW and was going to take place at Wembley Arena but it had the be cancelled because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Night 1's main event saw Kenny Omega and Adam Page defeat Best Friends (Chuck Taylor and Trent) to successfully retain their AEW World Tag Team Championships. Night 2's main event saw Chris Jericho defeat Orange Cassidy.

The original main event of the show was going to see Brian Cage face Jon Moxley for Moxley's AEW World Championship. However, Moxley's wife Renee Young contracted COVID-19 and the match had to be rescheduled for Fight for the Fallen.

The White Heather

The White Heather is a 1919 American silent drama movie directed by Maurice Tourneur and was based on the 1897 play of the same name by Cecil Raleigh and Henry Hamilton. It stars Holmes Herbert, Ben Alexander, Ralph Graves, Mabel Ballin, John Gilbert and Spottiswoode Aitken. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was recovered in 2023.


The Wave (1981 movie)

The Wave is a 1981 American television drama movie directed by Alexander Grasshoff and starring Bruce Davison, John Putch, Lori Lethin, Johnny Doran, Wesley Pfenning and Marc Copage. It won a Primetime Emmy Award in 1982.

Gajalakshmi

Gajalakshmi (Sanskrit: गजलक्ष्मी, "Gajalakṣmī", 'Elephant Lakshmi'), also spelt as Gajalaxmi, is one of the most significant "Ashtalakshmi" aspects of the Hindu goddess of prosperity, Lakshmi.

All the Young Dudes

"All the Young Dudes" is a 1972 song by Mott the Hoople and is the title track to their fifth studio album of the same name. It was written by David Bowie and went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 37 in the United States, number 4 in Ireland, number 31 in Canada and number 13 in New Zealand. It went on to be covered by Bowie and Bruce Dickinson.

Shehzana Anwar

Shehzana Anwar (born 21 August 1989 in Nairobi) is a Kenyan archer. Anwar competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Heart (Pet Shop Boys song)

"Heart" is a 1988 song by Pet Shop Boys and is the fourth and final single from their second studio album "Actually". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Germany, Ireland, Finland and Switzerland, number 36 in France, number 6 in South Africa and Norway, number 3 in Austria, number 2 in Spain, number 11 in the Netherlands and number 18 in Australia.





Jennifer Mbuta

Jennifer Mbuta (born 18 October 1968) is a Kenyan archer. Mbuta competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Otto Kaller

Otto Kaller (28 June 1907 – 31 March 1985) was an Austrian football player. He played mainly for First Vienna FC . He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Kaller played for the lower-class Erdbergers until 1925 . Then he was signed by Vienna. He was able to win a regular place. There he played alongside with Leopold Hofmann for more than ten years. In the first season with the blue-yellow team they were runner-up In the following years the team mostly finished in the top ranks of the table. In 1929 they won their first title with a victory over Rapid in the ÖFB Cup final. The victory was repeated in 1930 against Austria.

In the 1930/31 season the club won the championship title, which also entitled them to take part in the Mitropacup. Kaller was out for several weeks and did not in the final matches The championship was won again in the 1932/33 season. In 1937 they won the cup again.

When the Vienna defender Karl Rainer ended his career in 1938, Kaller took over his position. During the war years, Vienna was a dominant force in Austrian football. They won three championship titles in a row from 1942 to 1944. In 1942 they also became German runners-up after a 2-0 final defeat against FC Schalke 04. In 1943 they won the German Cup with a 3-2 win against LSV Hamburg.

Kaller was also player for his team in the first post-war championship. He reached another cup final in 1946 He played his last first division game in 1948. Kaller ended his career at Landstraßer AC.

Kaller debuted for the national team on 2 May 1926 against Hungary in a 3-0 win in Budapest. His only appearance during the time of the miracle team was the 1:2 against Czechoslovakia in April 1933. This was his last appearance for Austria for over twelve years. On 20 August 1945 he played his last match against Hungary.

Chris Botti

Christopher Stephen Botti (born October 12, 1962) is an American trumpeter and composer.

Peace on Earth (U2 song)

"Peace on Earth" is a 2000 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the eighth track from their 10th studio album "All That You Can't Leave Behind" and the lyrics were inspired by the 1998 Omagh bombing in Northern Ireland. Following the September 11, 2001 attacks, the song took an additional meaning and pays tribute to New York. 

The Auctioneer

"The Auctioneer" is a 1956 song by country singer Leroy Van Dyke and went to number 19 in the United States and number 9 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles charts. It has been covered by Lynn Anderson and Gordon Lightfoot from his 13th studio album "Dream Street Rose".

Physician Associate

A physician associate is a health-care provider working in the NHS in England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland who provide diagnosis and treatment of medical disorders based on the same model of care as doctors and practicing under the direct supervision of a named GMC qualified General Practitioner or GMC Registered Consultant. USA during WorldWarII and the Korean War there was a shortage of medically qualified personal and the US military began training a medical corpmen in more advanced skills. In 1967, the first class of advanced clinicians from Duke University Physician Assistant program on October 6, 1967 graduated. Upon completion of their training they were able to provide medical and some surgical treatments within the auspices of medicine and surgery within the USA military including ordering tests and prescribing medicines on a limited basic under the supervision of a qualified doctor. After a decade or two the role was expanded to civilian practice with PAs practising in medical clinics, surgical centres and civilian hospitals beginning in California and slowly expanding across the USA including USA overseas humanitarian and military establishments. PAs in the USA now mostly practice without the need for supervision from a doctor. Seeing a dire need within the NHS. starting in 2003 the NHS in England took an interest in the role in order to help deal with the lack of qualified doctors and surgeons and add to the nurse practitioner role. In 2003 the first physician assistants began practicing in the NHS: they were USA qualified. Whilst initially called physician assistants like the US, the UK government was advised that calling them thusly in the UK would likely lead to an legal inability to practice. A change to physician associate and placing them under the Royal College of Physicians for legal purposes enabled them to provide medical care under a medical model when supervised by a registered medical practitioner (ie: a doctor or a surgeon). While able to practise medicine to a certain extent whilst under the direct or indirect supervision of a doctor they are not yet able to order diagnostic tests like x-rays or prescribe medications; they do most things a junior doctor or nurse practitioner does such as examinations, taking a history and obtaining bloods and they currently need to obtain signatures for, x-ray, MRI lab tests, performing an arterial blood-gas and giving drugs from their supervising doctor who makes themselves quickly available when needed in order to sign for them. It is expected within the next decade that physician associates will gain the right to order tests, initiate treatments and prescribe any medicines their supervising doctor can prescribe: something some senior nurses and nurse practitioners can do already. The supervision that NHS PA's will likely need will probably be in line like that in the USA where their supervising doctor does not need to be in the same building but can be available via phone or email. The key is that the PA must be able to obtain advise and an opinion within a timely period. This would mean that for most of the day PAs would work without direct one-on-one supervision.

Acceptance by the general public has so far been quick well received with few seeing the difference between PAs and nurse-practitioners or junior doctors. Once the role has been explained they has been very few problems and has indeed been cases where acceptance has been high due to their availability over that of doctors.

There is no agreed upon scope of practice for Physician Associates in the United Kingdom as of 2024, despite them working in the United Kingdom for over a decade.

The British Medical Association published their recommendations for doctors supervising PAs in early 2024 in an effort to formulate a scope of practice aligned to the education received by PAs. The six core principles of this guidance were:
The British Medical Association highlighted a number of activities that they felt PAs should not be undertaking.
There exists some criticism as to the level that Physician Associates work at. PAs train to the same model that doctors train to. Nurses train to a caring and nursing model to assist doctors. After nurses has been graduated for three years they can take a 4 month prescribers course at a university and upon passing it become full independent prescribers of any drug that a doctor can prescribe in the British National Formulary. This means that 3 years and 4 months after graduating nursing school a nurse can legally prescribe any drug for any condition they feel they are fit to treat and they are legally independent and a doctor cannot tell them not to prescribe the drug; even if the drug the nurse is prescribing is wrong. Something that a working PA who has graduated with a 3 or 4 year masters degree and has been trained to write prescriptions from year 1 can not. Whilst there is movement to grant PAs prescribing rights it is seen as moving too slowly and they would still not be independent prescribers unlike nurses. There is some concern that whilst the physician associate profession has been modelled directly from the USA model it is growing much slower than in the US. Although some have stated this might be due to the public not trusting the profession it seems that it is actually the medical and nursing professions who are acting as obstacles and the public have accepted the role as merely part of a modern NHS. In the USA in many states PAs now practice without needed to be supervised by a doctor at all and are coequal with doctors, nurse practitioners and physician assistants as the triad of clinical care paid for by Medicare.

Emil Regnard

Emil Regnard (8 September 1897 - April 1962 ) was an Austrian football player. He played for both major clubs in Vienna (Rapid, Austria). He played also for the Austrian national football team.

He started at Margaretner Viktoria. Then he went to the second division club SC Red Star Wien in 1920. In 1922 he moved to SK Rapid Wien. In his first season he reached the championship title. In the next two years he played regularly in the team before he was forced out of the regular formation by Franz Solil in 1925.

In 1926 he left Rapid and went to Wiener Amateur-SV, which shortly afterwards changed its name to FK Austria. He had a regular place again. In the championship, Austria did not get beyond midfield places in these years. Regnard reached the finals of the ÖFB Cup in 1927 and 1930.

From autumn 1931 he played half a season at SC Nicholson. He ended his career at the second-rate SC Weiße Elf.
On 15 April 1923, Regnard made his national team debut in a 0-0 draw against Italy. Over the next five years he played five more games without securing a permanent starting place. He last match was on 20 March 1927 in a 1-2 defeat against Czechoslovakia.

Diospyros atrata

Diospyros atrata is a species of Diospyros native to India and Sri Lanka. It is vulnerable. Fruits are berries, usually 7 centimeters in diameter, rusty brown in color, and each fruit has about 8 seeds.

List of Diospyros species

Diospyros is a genus of over 700 species of deciduous and evergreen trees and shrubs. Most of them are native to the tropics, with only a few species in the temperate regions. Individual species valued for their hard, heavy, dark timber, are commonly known as ebony trees, while others are valued for their fruit and known as persimmon trees. Some are useful as ornamentals and many are of local ecological importance. Species of this genus are generally dioecious, with separate male and female plants.

Accepted species as of May 2023:


Accepted species as of May 2023:

Accepted species as of May 2023:

Accepted species as of May 2023:























WAGR C class (diesel)

The WAGR C class were a total of 3 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1962 to 1992.

The C class were built by English Electric of Rocklea, Brisbane, Queensland in 1962, being originally assigned to passenger trains like the "Australind", "The Kalgoorlie", and "The Westland".

Later on, they could be found hauling suburban traffic around Perth in addition to shunting Avon, Forestfield and Geraldton yards. All three were withdrawn in 1992 after the Perth suburban network became fully electrified. All three survive today under the ownership of the Hotham Valley Railway with No. 1701 displayed at Pinjarra, while No. 1702 is operational along with No. 1703 which is allowed to run on the mainline.

Obi of Issele-Uku

The Obi of Issele-Uku is the traditional ruler and the custodian of the culture of the Issele-Uku people.

Dasikane

Dasikane means Bulgarian Romani people who are Christian.

Finnish Kale

The Finnish Kale are a group of the Romani people who live primarily in Finland and Sweden. Their main languages are Finnish, Swedish and Finnish Romani. "Kalo/Kale" is the collective name for traveler people in Finland, England and Spain. 

Gypsy jazz

Gypsy jazz is a musical idiom. It is inspired by the Romani jazz guitarist Django Reinhardt (1910–1953), in conjunction with the French jazz violinist Stéphane Grappelli (1908–1997), as expressed in their group the Quintette du Hot Club de France. Because its origins are in France, Reinhardt was from the Manouche clan, and the style has remained popular amongst this clan. Gypsy jazz is often called by the French name "jazz manouche", or "manouche jazz" in English language sources.

Django Reinhardt

Jean Reinhardt (23 January 1910 – 16 May 1953), known by his Romani nickname Django was a Romani-French jazz guitarist and composer.

Pseudophilautus viridis

The dull-green shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus sordidus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 1555 and 1830 meters above sea level.

The adult frog is about 26.1–36.5 mm long from nose to rear end. Adult male frogs have small things on their faces, heads, sides, and back that look like horns. This frog can be brown or light green in color, with different patterns: Some have yellow lines on their backs or bellies, and some do not. Some have black marks on their backs or blue on their sides, and some do not. Most of these frogs have white spots on their bellies.

For a time, scientists thought this frog was extinct; they thought all the frogs were dead. But some scientists found a "Pseudophiluatus viridis" frog again in 2023. They looked at its genetic molecule from the part of the cell that makes energy to make sure it was "P. viridis" and not a different frog.

Epiphone

Epiphone is an American instrument company that started with an instrument making company founded in 1873 by Anastasios Stathopoulos in Smyrna, Ottoman Empire. The company moved to New York City in 1908. It was taken over by the owner's son, Epaminondas Stathopoulos. He named the company "Epiphone" by combining with his own name and the suffix "-phone" (which comes from the greek phon-, which means "voice"). It also started making guitars in the same year it was named, in 1928.
In 1957, the company was bought by Gibson, its rival. Gibson changed Epiphone's guitar making factory to Kalamazoo, Michigan.

Run (cards)

In poker you can have a run, straight or sequence. This is a set of playing cards where cards have consecutive rank values. In the cards you may see a ace. The ace could be Low, or High "(Low ace, or High ace). "A Low Ace is when you have a ace and the cards in your hand are a small value. (Ace, 2, 3, 4) the ace would be listed as Low if the ace is matched with (7, 8, 9, 10, Ace) the ace is listed as a High Ace.

Anti-tank guided missile

An anti-tank guided missile (ATGM), anti-tank missile, anti-tank guided weapon (ATGW) or anti-armor guided weapon is a guided missile primarily designed to hit and destroy heavily armored military vehicles.

These missiles are designed to hit and destroy tanks because normal guns and bullets can't easily penetrate their tough armour.

Fyter Fest (2021)

Fyter Fest (2021) was a two-week professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 14 and July 21, 2021. The first week was held at the H-E-B Center at Cedar Park in Cedar Park, Texas and the second week was held at the Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. Both nights were aired as special episodes of "Dynamite". It was the third Fyter Fest event to take place. 

Week 1's main event saw Darby Allin defeat Ethan Page in a Coffin match. Week 2's main event saw Lance Archer defeat Jon Moxley by knockout to win the IWGP United States Heavyweight Championship.

Sunny Leone

Karenjit Kaur Vohra also known by her stage name Sunny Leone, is an actress, model and former pornographic actress. She has also participated in the Indian version of Big Brother called "Bigg Boss" (Hindi season 5). Currently she works in Hindi movies.

Sunny was born on May 13, 1981 in Sarnia, Ontario to a Sikh Indian Punjabi family.

Before working in the porn industry, she worked at a German bakery called Jiffy Lube store, and then worked in a tax and retirement firm.She also studying to become a nurse.

In 2003, Sunny signed her first three year contract with the adult movie production company Vivid Entertainment, and served as a transition for the actress to the world of hardcore pogrornaphy, and assured that she would only perform lesbian scenes. 

Her first movie was titled "Sunny," which was released in December 2005. and next movie was also produced by Vivid Entertainment, whose name was the "Virtual Vivid Girl Sunny Leone". This was the first tie in the history of Vivid that a movie was released under the name of an actress. This movie helped to win her first AVN Award.

She then starred in two movies "Sunny in Brazil" and "The Sunny Experiment", which were released in October and December 2007. In that same year Sunny signed Vivid's another contract for six movies. And it was under this contract that she worked with a male actor for the first time. Sunny's fiance Matt Erikson played her co-star in the movie and that movie was titled "Sunny Loves Matt." also that year she did her breast implant.

In January 2008, Sunny announced that she would no longer work with Erikson and had done scenes with other actors such as Tommy Gunn, Charles Dera, James Deen and VooDoo.

In August 2009, She announced the launch of her own studio, "Sunlust Picture." In her new venture, she began writing, directing and creating her own style of adult movies with the help of Vivid Entertainment in the distribution of the movies.

In 2013, Sunny announced that she had retired from porn industry. She said " I am lucky that the audience is accepting me. I have come my way from there (porn industry). I don't have plans as of now to go back there."

Anne Hart

Anne Maud Corbett (née Hart; 26 April 1933 – 5 November 2023) was an English actress, dancer, singer, and comedienne. She was the widow of Ronnie Corbett, a member of the Corbett family.

Hart, as an actress, was often referred to as Britain's answer to both Hollywood's Jane Russell and Broadway's Ethel Merman. 

Anne Maud Hart was born at St Thomas' Hospital in Lambeth, London, England on 26 April 1933, as the third of six children to Doris Emily (née Davis), a housewife, and Marvin Hart, a former light heavyweight boxer. She grew up in South London.

Hart was trained at the Italia Conti Academy of Theatre Arts in London. She later graduated with her Bachelor of Arts degree.

Hart made her West End debut as a child in the Christmas show "Where The Rainbow Ends". She also performed in child roles in operas at Covent Garden.

Hart made her television debut in 1955, at the age of 22, as a regular on "Saturday Night at the London Palladium" with Tommy Trinder. She made her final television appearance during an episode of "The Many Faces of..." on 1 January 2016.

Hart made her theatre debut as the leading lady in "Clown Jewels" in 1959. She also appeared with the comedy troupe The Crazy Gang in "Young at Hart" in 1962.

Hart made her debut as an actress with the role of a music hall singer during an episode of the 1965 series "Sherlock Holmes". She made her final appearance as an actress portraying Stooge during the 1975 production of "Max Wall: Funny Man".

Hart retired to look after her family.

Hart married the Four Jones Boys singer John H Padley at the Holy Trinity Church in Wallington, Surrey on 15 October 1957. The couple divorced in 1965. Hart later said: "John was a nice guy and he was never unkind to me. He was just never there. He would come back from touring, I would iron his shirts and he would leave again. In the end, he moved out of my house and we separated."

Hart married the comedian and actor Ronnie Corbett, a member of the Corbett family, at Brixton registry office on 30 May 1966. The couple had two daughters, Emma and Sophie. Their first child, Andrew, had a heart defect and died when he was six weeks old, at St Thomas' Hospital, in London. Hart said in 2013: "I don't think either of us ever quite got over it. We still think of him all the time." She had four grandchildren, including Dylan Corbett-Bader. Hart and Corbett first met in the late 1950s, while she was working as a dancer at Winston's, Hanover Square, a club owned by Danny La Rue, and he was an up-and-coming comedian. The couple were married for 49 years until her husband's death on 31 March 2016. Hart later told the Daily Mail: "There has been an empty feeling since Ron has gone ... An emptiness, yes, that's what it is. But I think and hope that I am slowly emerging from the mist."

Hart and Corbett lived in a seven bedroom property named Fairways located in Addington, London from 1970 to 2003. The couple also owned a Scottish home named Muirfield Wood located in Gullane, East Lothian.

Hart was dyslexic.

Hart suffered with double pneumonia between January and February 2012. She was taken into hospital after suffering a health scare on 18 April 2016, the day of her husband's funeral. She was treated for a hip fracture in the Royal Infirmary of Edinburgh following a fall at Muirfield Wood in the months leading up to her death.

Hart died at Muirfield Wood during the early hours of 5 November 2023. She was 90. Her death was announced to the public the following day in a statement by her youngest daughter Sophie: "We lost my darling Mum at one o'clock in the morning. She was an amazing woman, and my sister Emma and I, and all four of her grandchildren, Tom, Tilly, Dylan and Billy, will love and miss her for ever. We will be bringing her home to Abingdon, near Croydon, which is where the family lived when my Dad was alive." 

Source: 


Crossodactylus boulengeri

Crossodactylus boulengeri is a frog. It lives in the Serra do Mar mountain range. It lives in São Paulo and Rio de Janeiro in Brazil and in parts of Argentina.

For some time, scientists thought this frog was the same frog as "Crossodactylus dispar". In 2014, they found they really are two different species of frog.

Fyter Fest (2022)

Fyter Fest (2022) was a two-week professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 13 and July 20, 2022. The first week was held at the Enmarket Arena in Savannah, Georgia and the second week was held at the Gas South Arena in Duluth, Georgia. Both nights were aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage". It was the fourth Fyter Fest event to take place. 

"Dynamite" (aired live July 13)
"Rampage" (taped July 13, aired July 15)
"Dynamite (aired live July 20)
"Rampage (taped July 20, aired July 22)

Alex Roe

Alexander Michael Roe-Brown is a British actor. He is best known for playing Jay Keaton in the series "The Fugitives", Elliott Baden in "The Cut" and Benjamin Pownall in "Siren". He has also played major roles in a number of films, including "Hot Summer Nights", "Rings"and "Forever My Girl".

Crunchyroll

Crunchyroll is an American subscription-based streaming service, currently owned by Sony since 2021 btlut was owned by AT&T (via Otter Media before)

Fyter Fest (2023)

Fyter Fest (2023) was a three-week professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The show was aired on August 23, 25, and 26, 2023. The first and second week were held at the Rupp Arena in Lexington, Kentucky and the second week was held at the Gas South Arena in Duluth, Georgia. All three weeks were aired as special episodes of "Dynamite", "Rampage", and "Collision" respectively. It was the fifth Fyter Fest event to take place. 

Week 1's main event saw Aussie Open (Mark Davis and Kyle Fletcher) (c) defeat The Hardys (Jeff Hardy and Matt Hardy) to retain their ROH World Tag Team Championships. Week 2's main event saw The Outcasts (Toni Storm and Saraya) (with Ruby Soho) defeat Dr. Britt Baker, D.M.D. and Hikaru Shida. Week 3's main event saw Darby Allin, Sting, Hook, and CM Punk defeat Mogul Embassy (Brian Cage and Swerve Strickland), Jay White, and Luchasaurus.

"Dynamite" (aired live August 23)
"Rampage (taped August 19, aired August 25)
"Collision" (taped August 23, aired August 26)

Fight for the Fallen (2019)

Fight for the Fallen (2019) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 13, 2019 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. It was the first Fight for the Fallen event to take place. Like all Fight for the Fallen events, the show was for charity. The money raised was used to help victims of gun violence through the Jacksonville Victim Assistance Advisory Council. The event was also sponsored by Farah & Farah, a Jacksonville personal injury law firm.

The main event saw The Young Bucks (Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) defeat The Brotherhood (Cody and Dustin Rhodes). Matt and Nick would hit the "Meltzer Driver" on Cody before getting the pinfall victory.

Abigail Williams

Abigail Williams ( 1680 or 1681disappeared 3 June 1692) was a girl who, along with her supposed relative Betty Paris, was one of the first people to falsely accuse her neighbors of performing witchcraft. The accusations eventually led to the foundation of the Salem witch trials. 
Abigail Williams was born 1680 or 1681. Her precise birth date and place is rather disputed. The names and identities of both of her biological parents are also rather disputed. It has been suggested she may have been a orphan, as she was adopted and lived with Samuel Parris and his daughter Betty Parris. Samuel and his daughter Betty might be Abigail's relatives, and it has been suggested that they might have been her uncle and cousin. She lived with Samuel and his daughter Betty in Salem Town, Massachusetts Bay Colony (in modern-day Salem, Massachusetts). Some modern-day scholars suggest she may have been Samuel's household servant. 
It is said that beginning in December 1691 or January 1692, Abigail Williams and her supposed relative Betty Paris began exhibiting signs of odd behavior. They ran around rooms with their hands high up, they tried to climb the roof of their house through the chimney, they screamed semmingly incontrollably, and began talking in strange voices. This is said to have continued for the next month or so. Eventually, Samuel Parris brought a physician to his house. The physician had Abigail and Betty examined and at first he believed they were psychologically ill. 
When he failed to diagnose them with a psychological disorder, which contained symptoms what Abigail and Betty had exhibited, he then believed they were bewitched and that witchcraft was performed on them. The town tried to the find the people who bewitched Abigail and Betty. They arrested the other people who lived in Samuel Parris' home: Sarah Good, Sarah Osbone, and Samuel Parris' slave Tituba.

It was around this time that Abigail and Betty began going to court and lying to the judge that their neighbors were performing witchcraft. Abigail had testified seven times in court, regarding the witchcraft. Abigail continued to appear in court and accuse more people of performing witchcraft. The majority of Abigail's appearances in court took place between March and May 1692. She continued to appear in court and make accusations until 3 June 1692. 
Abigail Williams made her final appearance in court and spoke to the judge for the final time on 3 June 1692. The final appearance in court is the final historical record regarding Abigail Williams.
After the last record regarding Abigail's final court appearance, Abigail absolutely disappeared from historical record after 3 June 1692. Scholars still wonder why after 3 June 1692, Abigail made no more appearances in court or spoke to any judges in court, and why the 3 June 1692 appearance in court was her final appearance in court, when the accusations of people performing witchcraft and the Salem witch trials in Abigail's town continued until the next year. Because of absolutely disappearing from historical record when she was probably between the ages of 10 and 12, some modern-day scholars suggest Abigail died before she became a adult. 
Whatsoever, Betty Paris does not disappear from historical record unlike her supposed relative Abigail, and Betty is known through historical records to have lived to adulthood, have a husband and children, and that she died at the age of 77 in 1760.
Winchester (disambiguation)

Winchester is a historic city in southern England.

Winchester may also refer to:









South Africa national rugby union team

The South Africa national rugby union team (), officially nicknamed the Springboks, represents South Africa in international rugby union. They are South Africa's most successful national sports teams, and are considered the second best rugby union team of all time overall (after New Zealand). They are also currently ranked first on the World Rugby Rankings.

South Africa has won the Rugby World Cup four times (in 1995, 2007, 2019 and 2023), which is more times than any other country. Even though South Africa has always been an important country for rugby union and rugby union is very popular in the country, South Africa was not allowed to compete in the first two World Cups (in 1987 and 1991) because of Apartheid.

South Africa national Australian rules football team

The South African national Australian rules football team (; nicknamed the Lions) represents South Africa in international Australian rules football.

South Africa is the only African country that currently competes in international Australian rules football. Although South Africa has never won the Australian Football International Cup, they are one of the better teams in the tournament, and they have competed in all six International Cups to date. Their best performance at the International Cup is when they finished third in 2008.


Fight for the Fallen (2020)

Fight for the Fallen (2020) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 15, 2020 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired for free as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the second Fight for the Fallen event to take place. Like all Fight for the Fallen events, the show was for charity. The money raised was used to help relief efforts for COVID-19. The money raised would be added onto the already $1 million that was donated by AEW owners Tony Khan and his father Shahid. AEW also released a limited-edition shirt for the event for fans at home to buy through their ShopAEW.com website. 100% of the profit went to Florida's First Coast Relief Fund and Feeding Northeast Florida.

The main event saw Jon Moxley defeat Brian Cage to retain his AEW World Championship. Moxley would win the match after Cage's manager Taz would throw in the towel and end the match.

The match was originally supposed to take place on the Night 2 of Fyter Fest. It was rescheduled for Fight for the Fallen because Moxley's wife Renee Young had contracted COVID-19 and he was forced to quarantine.

International rules football

International rules football () is a team sport that is a hybrid of two football codes: Australian rules football and Gaelic football. It was created for the International Rules Series, where Australia and Ireland play each other.


International Rules Series

The International Rules Series (IRS) is a men's international rules football series played between two teams: an Australian team (selected by the Australian Football League) and an Irish team (selected by the Gaelic Athletic Association).

The first series was played in 1984 and the most recent was held in 2017. The series was meant to return in 2020, but it was cancelled because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Australia and Ireland have both won the series 10 times each, with Australia being the most recent champions.

"Series results, up to and including the 2017 series."

The trophy given to the series' winner is called the Cormac McAnnallen Cup, named after former Tyrone GAA captain Cormac McAnnallen, who died from a heart condition at 24 years old after he represented Ireland for three series in a row. The trophy was named in his honour in 2004, the year he died.

Australia national international rules football team

The Australia national international rules football team represents Australia in the International Rules Series. The players are Australian rules footballers who have been selected by the Australian Football League (AFL) to represent Australia. Australia has won the series 10 times, equal to Ireland.

Australia women's national international rules football team

The Australia women's international rules football team represented Australia in the 2006 Ladies' International Rules Series, which was the first and currently only women's edition of the International Rules Series.

Walk On (U2 song)

"Walk On" is a 2001 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the fourth track and single from their 10th studio album "All That You Can't Leave Behind" and went to number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Australia, number 1 in Portugal and Canada, number 7 in Ireland and number 8 in the Netherlands. It won a Grammy Award in 2002 and the song's lyrics deal with Burma and following the September 11, 2001 attacks, the band dedicated the song in the memory of the Twin Towers.

Ireland national international rules football team

The Ireland international rules football team represents Ireland in the International Rules Series. The players are Gaelic footballers who have been selected by the Gaelic Athletic Association (GAA) to represent Ireland. Ireland has won the series 10 times, equal to Australia.

Ireland women's national international rules football team

The Ireland women's international rules football team represented Ireland in the 2006 Ladies' International Rules Series, which was the first and currently the only women's edition of the International Rules Series.

Yellowstone (American TV series)

Yellowstone is an American television series made by Taylor Sheridan and John Linson. It started on June 20, 2018. It is on Paramount Network. The actors are Kevin Costner, Luke Grimes, Kelly Reilly, Wes Bentley, Cole Hauser, Kelsey Asbille, and Gil Birmingham. It is about issues in the border of Yellowstone Ranch, a large cow farm. In May 2023, it was said that the fifth season will be the last season. A series set in the future will be made, called "2024".

The show is about the Dutton family. They have the largest ranch in Montana, called the Yellowstone Dutton Ranch. It is also sometimes called "the Yellowstone". The show is about the family drama at the ranch.

XXX (Kendrick Lamar song)

"XXX" is a 2017 song by Kendrick Lamar featuring U2. It is the eleventh track from his fourth studio album "Damn" and went to number 50 in the United Kingdom, number 33 in the United States, number 22 in Ireland, number 36 in Canada, number 82 in Sweden, number 30 in Portugal and number 31 in New Zealand.

Dominic John Rebelo

Dominic John Rebelo (born August 14, 1978) is an archer from Kenya. John Rebelo competed at the 1996 and 2000 Summer Olympics.

Phoutlamphay Thiamphasone

Phoutlamphay Thiamphasone (born September 9, 1979) is an archer from Laos. He competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Colorpoint Shorthair

The Colorpoint Shorthair is a breed of cat. It is orginated from America.

Colorpoint Shorthair is a Siamese-like cat. It is a medium-sized cat with an elegant, long, slender body. They can weigh up to about 9 pounds (4 kg), which is 3 pounds (1.3 kg) lighter than the average weight of other cat breeds. It also has almond-shaped eyes, slender legs, and a tapered tail.

Colorpoint Shorthair cats do not bore their owners. They are intelligent, playful, happy to go out, and often demanding of their owners. They are sensitive to moods. If someone sheds a tear, then they tries to make that person feel comfortable.


Johann Tandler

Johann Tandler (10 September 1901- after 1957) was an Austrian football player. The defender played mainly for Wiener Amateur SV (since 1926 FK Austria Wien). He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Hans Tandler started playing with Vienna Cricket and Football-Club in the second class In 1923 he moved to Wiener Amateur SV. The first four years were extremely successful for the defender. He was Austrian champion twice (1923/24 and 1925/26 ) and also won the Austrian Cup three times in a row. 

Like several players Tandler left the club at the end of 1926 . Together with club colleague Viktor Hierländer, he went to the New York Giants in the United States. From 1928 he played again for the Amateure, who were now called FK Austria. 1931 he did coaching in Riga. Then he went to to Switzerland to Lausanne-Sports and then to France to OGC Nice. Then he worked as a coach there. The Viennese later went to Turkey, where he became head coach of Galatasaray SK and led the team to the championship in 1939 .
Tandler debuted on 13 January 1924 in a 3-4 loss versus Germany. His last match was on 21 September 1930 in a 2-3 loss versus Hungary. He played 18 matches and scored 3 goals.
as player
as manager

Boneworks

Boneworks (written as BONEWORKS) is a 2019 first-person shooter VR game. It was made by Stress Level Zero. They also published the game. The game was made to be entirely physics-based. The player controls a virtual body that does what the player tells it to do and reacts to things it moves into in the game world.

In "Boneworks," players take on the role of Arthur Ford. He is a cybersecurity director who escapes into an unfinished simulated universe. He must fight through surreal architecture and mysterious scenes using experimental physics-based weaponry.

Drew Seltzer

Drew Seltzer (born June 16, 1981) is an American actor and producer. Seltzer is better known for his roles in " (2019)", " (2009)", and " (2020)".

In 1981, Drew Seltzer was born in Media, Pennsylvania. From Rutgers University, he obtained a BFA degree in theater. He also received Improv Training at The Second City and was classically trained Shakespeare at Shakespeare's Globe (London, England).

After completing a BFA degree from Rutgers, Seltzer made his NYC stage debut in The Franklin Thesis, directed by Alex Timbers at The New Ohio. In 2009, he appeared in a small role in his debut film with George Clooney " (2009)" as a Technician.

In 2013, he produced and starred in the award-winning indie feature "Leaving Circadia".

Recently, he appeared as Autumn's creepy and controlling boss, in the Barry Jenkins-produced film "". The film went on to win the Jury Prize at Sundance, and the Silver Bear at Berlinale and has also received 7 Independent Spirit Award nominations.


SV Donau Wien

The Sportvereinigung Donau (SV Donau or SV Donau Wien for short) is an Austrian football club from the 22nd district Donaustadt in Vienna. The club played in the first division in the 1933/34 season. The sports club currently plays in the Wiener Stadtliga, the fourth highest division in Austria. The club colors are blue and black.
The club was founded in 1910. They merged with Olympia, Lagerhaus and KAC before the First World War. In 1933, they were promoted to the top Austrian league for the first time. In 1941 there was a merger with FC Franz-Josef-Land (today KSC Donaustadt) from the 3rd class. The merger club played in the 2nd class until 1944. Afterwards, promotion to the 1st class (2nd level) was achieved. In 1947 the merger was dissolved. After relegation, the team was unable to recover for a long time before being promoted back to the Vienna League in 1955 under President Karl Eipeldauer.

In 2005 they reached their promotion to the Regionalliga East. They were relegated back to the Vienna City League as bottom of the table. After two years in the city league, they were relegated to the Vienna Oberliga B in 2008/09. SV Donau returned to the Vienna City League after two years through the merger with SV Süssenbrunn. In the 2015/16 season the fighting team reached second place in the table. This was enough for promotion, so SV Donau has been competing in the Vienna City League since the 2017/18 season. In the 2021/22 season promotion to the Regionalliga East was narrowly missed.
SV Donau Homepage

Animals (Martin Garrix song)

"Animals" is a 2013 song by Martin Garrix and was taken from his EP "Gold Skies". It was released as a digital download and went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, Scotland and Belgium, number 21 in the United States, number 40 in Canada, number 14 in Italy, number 29 in Slovakia and Australia, number 10 in New Zealand, number 5 in Hungary, Austria and Romania and number 12 in Norway and Denmark.

WAGR D class (diesel)

The WAGR D class were a total of 12 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1971 to 2000.

When introduced the D class were the heaviest narrow gauge diesels in Australia, they were built by Clyde Engineering of Granville, Sydney, New South Wales from 1971 to 1972. The D class were put into service on bauxite traffic between Jarrahdale and Kwinana, they were so successful that 7 more were ordered which were classed Da.

13 more followed in 1982 as the Db class. Up until the introduction of the S class in 1998, most could be found running on the South Western mainline. In 1998 No. 1563 became the first of the class to be withdrawn and was shipped to Chile under the number 2000.

Two D class survived with Westrail until 2000 when they were included in the sale of the goods sector to the Australian Railroad Group (ARG). Class leader No. 1561 was scrapped in 2011 by Aurizon, but the rest of the class remain operational.

List of Luxembourg Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Luxembourgian Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Luxembourg after debuting against Turkey in August 2019.

"Statistics are correct as of 15 October 2023."

WAGR Da class (diesel)

The WAGR Da class were a total of 7 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1972 to 2000.

The Da class were ordered as an improved version of the standard D class and was built by the same manufacturer that being Clyde Engineering of Granville, Sydney, New South Wales. The Da were usually found on wheat trains over the Midland Railway, being based at Forestfield and Narngulu. In 2000 all Da's passed into the ownership of the Australian Railroad Group (ARG) after Westrail's sale. All but two were exported to South Africa.

WAGR Db class (diesel)

The WAGR Db class were a total of 13 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1982 to 2000.

The Db class were built by Clyde Engineering of Rosewater, Adelaide, South Australia from 1982 to 1983 for Westrail. The Db was a much-improved version of the D and Da classes with a radically different cab design, completely new to Australian practice for diesel-electrics.

Originally the Db class worked on the South Western mainline hauling bauxite trains and were named after Southern local government areas (LGAs). They also hauled woodchip trains from Bunbury to Lambert along with heavy wheat traffic to Albany if needed.

Upon Westrail's sale to the Australian Railroad Group (ARG) in 2000 all were included. 7 current Db units are stored, having been withdrawn, 3 are in service with the CBH Group and 3 operate under Aurizon, all still working on Great Southern lines.

Sophie Corbett

Sophie Corbett (born 26 April 1968) is an English actress, radio host, voiceover artist, DJ, and businesswoman. She is best known as the younger daughter of Ronnie Corbett and Anne Hart. 

Corbett is one of Britain's top voiceover performers.

Sophie Corbett was born at St Thomas' Hospital in Lambeth, London, England on 26 April 1968, as the youngest of three children to Ronnie Corbett, a Scottish comedian and actor, and Anne Hart, an English actress and singer. Her older brother, Andrew, had a heart defect and died when he was six weeks old. Corbett's older sister is Emma. She is a member of the Corbett family.

Corbett made her debut on stage. She has worked as a radio and television host. She has worked as a voice-over artist on numerous advertisements, working with brands including L'Oréal, Ford and Carte D'Or. Corbett currently DJs for the BBC. 

Corbett co-founded Four Candles, a boutique located on Victoria Street in Brighton with her friend and business partner Siobhan Stagg. The store was opened on 29 June 2014. She also founded marvinandmaud.com , a bohemian clothing range, named in honour of her maternal grandfather's first name and her mother's middle name.

Corbett has been married to Gordon Grahame, a singer-songwriter, since 1990. The couple have a son, Billy (born March 2005), who is a ballet dancer. She has an older son, Dylan Corbett-Bader, who is also an actor, from a prior relationship with Mark Bader, a photographer.

Corbett and her family currently resides on Connaught Terrace in Hove, East Sussex.

Source: 

Nikolay Oleynikov

Nikolay Oleynikov (d. 1937) was a Russian poet.



Kaptain Kush

Lawrence Godwin Kingsley (born August 23, 2003), known professionally as Kaptain is a Nigerian singer, songwriter, and rapper. He rose to fame with the release of ""Kush Song"" in 2019.

He was born and brought up in Somolu, while growing up as a kid, he stated he had love for music especially rap music. He was inspired by artsits like Wizkid, Lil Baby, Lil Durk, Lil Wayne, Lil Peep and Davido.

He started making music in high school, composing and singing songs whenever he was free. He continued until he gained admission into higher institution. However, music was not the only thing he was doing. Along the way, he picked up blogging. He worked as a freelance writer for some brands helping them create content to promote their products or services.


Fight for the Fallen (2021)

Fight for the Fallen (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 28, 2021 at Bojangles Coliseum in Charlotte, North Carolina. The event aired for free as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the third Fight for the Fallen event to take place. Like all Fight for the Fallen events, the show was for charity. The money raised was used to help victims of domestic violence and sexual assault survivors through Safe Alliance. The money raised would be added onto an already $100,000 donation by AEW. AEW also released a limited-edition shirt for the event for fans to buy through their ShopAEW.com website. The money would also go to Safe Alliance.

The main event saw Chris Jericho defeat Nick Gage in a No Rules match.

The main event caused some controversy. During a spot where Nick Gage was slicing Jericho's forehead with a pizza cutter, it went to a picture-in-picture commercial break and a Domino's Pizza advertisement played at the same time. Domino's were not happy with this and threatened to pull their advertisements from the show. During an interview, Gage said "I didn't even know about Domino's until it was over and someone told me... I started laughing. What a coincidence."

Fight for the Fallen (2022)

Fight for the Fallen (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 27, 2022 at DCU Center in Worcester, Massachusetts. The event aired for free as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the fourth Fight for the Fallen event to take place. Like all Fight for the Fallen events, the shows were for charity. The events took place during Shark Week and the money raised was used to help Oceana, a non-profit marine wildlife organization. The money was added to an already $100,000 donation by AEW.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw Daniel Garcia defeated Bryan Danielson and the main event of "Rampage" saw Anna Jay defeated Ruby Soho. 

"Dynamite (aired live July 27)
"Rampage (taped July 27, aired July 29)

Fight for the Fallen (2023)

Fight for the Fallen (2022) was a three-part professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The show was aired on August 16, 18, and 19, 2023. The first and second nights were held at the Bridgestone Arena in Nashville, Tennessee and the third night was held at the Rupp Arena in Lexington, Kentucky. All three nights were aired as special episodes of "Dynamite", "Rampage", and "Collision" respectively. It was the fifth Fight for the Fallen event to take place. 

Like all Fight for the Fallen events, the shows were for charity. The money raised was used to help relief for the 2023 Hawaii wildfires and was donated to the Maui Food Bank.

Night 1's main event saw The Young Bucks (Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) defeat The Gunns (Austin Gunn and Colten Gunn). Night 2's main event saw Hikaru Shida and Skye Blue defeat The Outcasts (Ruby Soho and Toni Storm). Night 3's main event saw Darby Allin defeat Christian Cage.

"Dynamite" (aired live August 23)
"Rampage (taped August 16, aired August 18)
"Collision" (taped August 19)

Beach Break (2021)

Beach Break (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on February 3, 2021 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the first Beach Break event to take place. The event would replace AEW's former Bash at the Beach event.

The main event saw Kenny Omega and The Good Brothers (Doc Gallows and Karl Anderson) defeat Jon Moxley and Death Triangle (Pac and Rey Fénix) in a Six-man tag team match.

KENTA of New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) would make his debut in AEW after the main event. He would enter the ring and hit Moxley with the "Go 2 Sleep".

Beach Break (2022)

Beach Break (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on January 26, 2022 at the Wolstein Center in Cleveland, Ohio. The event aired as a special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the second and last Beach Break event to take place.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw Orange Cassidy defeated Adam Cole in an Unsanctioned Lights Out match. The main event of "Rampage" saw Jungle Boy and Luchasaurus defeat Private Party (Isiah Kassidy and Marq Quen) to retain their AEW World Tag Team Championships.

Danhausen would make his AEW debut during the Lights Out match after Adam Cole pulled out a table from under the ring with Danhausen on it.

Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" awarded the Cody Rhodes and Sammy Guevara ladder match 5 out of 5 stars.

"Dynamite" - Beach Break (January 26)
"Rampage" - Beach Break Championship Friday (January 28)

Geely Auto

Geely Auto is the primary car marque of Chinese group Geely. Listed as Geely Automobile Holdings Ltd. on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange and controlled through holdings in Zhejiang Geely Holding Group, Geely Auto is ZGH's mainstream brand primarily sold in China and select overseas markets.

Many of Geely's early products were based on the Xiali, a variant of the 1987 Daihatsu Charade. Models such as the Haoqing (豪情) (five-door), Merrie (美日) (five-door), Uliou (优利欧) (four-door), and Urban Nanny (van and pick-up truck) have Charade bases, but feature a more prominent chromed grille.

Geely Auto is the group's original brand. Geely Auto products are divided into three eras from 1.0 era (1997-2007), 2.0 era (2007-2014), 3.0 era (2014–present). Before the current 3.0 era, Geely Auto products were also sold under different brands, including Emgrand, Englon, Gleagle, and Shanghai Maple. After entering the 3.0 era, all other brands were discontinued and their products consolidated under the Geely Auto brand.

Geely cars are manufactured using a modular architecture platform, denoted by the acronyms CMA, BMA, NL, FE, and KC.



Geely Galaxy is Geely's upscale range of 'new energy vehicles' (hybrids and EVs) for the executive market. Even though Yinhe translates as milky way, the global brand is being referred to as Galaxy by the company, with pure electric models to be launched under the Galaxy E brand. Six days after showing their Galaxy Light concept, Geely received notice from Changan Automobile that the design was too similar to one of their own cars.


Geely Geometry is an electric-only range of Geely-based cars. 10 models are planned by 2025.

The Geometry brand was reconsolidated into Geely Auto as an entry-level electric product series in March 2023.



Pseudophilautus abundus

The Labungama shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus sordidus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 78 and 150 meters above sea level.

Corbett

Corbett may refer to a member of the Scottish-English notable family:


Qalqilya

Qalqilya is a Palestinian city in the West Bank. About 50,000 people live in Qalqilya, as of 2017.

Rafah

Rafah is a Palestinian city in the Gaza Strip. It is on the border with Egypt. In 2017, about 170,000 people lived in Rafah.

Khan Yunis

Khan Yunis is a Palestinian city in the Gaza Strip. In 2017, about 205,000 people lived there.

WAGR H class (diesel)

The WAGR H class were a total of 5 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1964 to 1996.

The H class were built by English Electric of Rocklea, Brisbane, Queensland from 1964 to 1965 for local goods trains, and also ran construction trains for the regauging of the WAGR system.

They spent the rest of their WAGR careers shunting at Forrestfield yard, No. 4 was scrapped in 1992, with the rest withdrawn in 1996. All were purchased by SCT Logistics with one stored in Melbourne, Victoria and the rest remaining held at Forrestfield.

Crossbreed

Crossbreeding vegetables is a agricultural practice aimed at developing new plant varieties with improved characteristics, including higher yields, disease resistance, enhanced taste, and nutritional content. This process involves the controlled pollination of different vegetable varieties within the same species, resulting in offspring that inherit desirable traits from each parent. Crossbreeding plays a role in modern agriculture and helps to addressing global food security challenges.

And She Was

"And She Was" is a 1985 song by new wave band Talking Heads. It is the third single from their sixth studio album "Little Creatures". It went to number 54 in the United States, number 17 in the United Kingdom, number 10 in Australia, number 9 in Ireland, number 31 in the Netherlands and number 16 in New Zealand.

Landstraßer AC

Landstraßer AC ( LAC for short) is an Austrian football club from the 3rd district of Vienna, Landstraße. The former second division team currently plays in the 2nd regional league of the Vienna Football Association. This is the 5th level in Austrian football.
The Landstraßer AC was founded under the name “Athletik Club Training” by Anton Sandner in 1911. In 1918 the club renamed itself to "Landstraßer Amateure". The club experienced its most successful time in the 1930s with later stars like Camillo Jerusalem in the team. In 1933 the club played in the professional second division for the first time and therefore decided to change the name Landstraßer Amateure to Landstraßer AC in 1936. 
After four seasons in the second division they were relegated to the third division. They were immediately promoted again in the following season. During the Second World War there was also a forced merger with the Demon and later a merger with the Delka (2nd league 1937-38) and FC Pfeil. At this time, the Landstraßer AC also had sections for gymnastics, athletics, bowling and boxing. The footballers were able to stay in the second league.

In the first post-war season, Landstraßer AC immediately achieved its best result in the club's history. They finished third in the second division behind SC Hochstädt and Hakoah Wien. In 1948 the football club came third again, again only two points behind SCR Hochstädt and one point behind 1. Schwechater SC. 1949 there was a surprising relegation from the second division, to which Landstraßer AC could no longer return. 

Today, after a merger with IC Favoriten in 2010, the club finds itself in the fourth-tier Vienna City League under the name Landstrasser AC-IC. After the 2012/13 season they merged with SG Inter AGO and the club has since played as LAC-Inter in the Vienna Oberliga B. In the 2014/2015 season, the 2nd regional league was inserted between the Vienna City League and the Oberliga. LAC qualified thanks to its good placement .

Blood &amp; Guts (2021)

Blood & Guts (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on May 5, 2021 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the first Blood & Guts event to take place. The event was originally going to be held at the Prudential Center in Newark, New Jersey on March 25, 2020, but was pushed back a year because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

The main event saw The Pinnacle (MJF, Wardlow, Shawn Spears, Cash Wheeler and Dax Harwood) defeat The Inner Circle (Chris Jericho, Jake Hager, Sammy Guevara, Santana and Ortiz) in a Blood and Guts match. The match was ended after Jericho got thrown off the top of the cell and Guevara decided to surrender the match.

While the main event was praised, the ending with Jericho being thrown off onto an obvious crash pad disguised as a steel platform was criticized.

Johannes Gumpp

Johannes Gumpp ( – ) was a Austrian painter.
 

 

Blood &amp; Guts (2022)

Blood & Guts (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on June 29, 2022 at the Little Caesars Arena in Detroit, Michigan. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" "Rampage" respectively. It was the second Blood & Guts event to take place. 

The "Dynamite" main event saw Eddie Kingston, Santana, Ortiz, and Blackpool Combat Club (Jon Moxley, Claudio Castagnoli, and Wheeler Yuta) defeat The Jericho Appreciation Society (Chris Jericho, Jake Hager, Sammy Guevara, Daniel Garcia, Matt Menard and Angelo Parker) in a Blood and Guts match. The match was won when Castagnoli put Menard in the Sharpshooter and made him tap out. At the same time, Kingston had Jericho in the Buffalo Stretch.

"Dynamite (aired June 29)
"Rampage (aired July 1)

Ali El Ghrari

Ali El Ghrari (born 31 January 1997) is a Libyan archer. El Ghrari competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Marcel Balthasar

Marcel Balthasar (born 4 June 1939) is a Luxembourgian archer. Balthasar competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Blood &amp; Guts (2023)

Blood & Guts (2023) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 19, 2023 at the TD Garden in Boston, Massachusetts. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the third Blood & Guts event to take place. 

The "Dynamite" main event saw The Golden Elite (Kenny Omega, "Hangman" Adam Page, Matt Jackson, Nick Jackson, and Kota Ibushi) defeat the Blackpool Combat Club (Jon Moxley, Claudio Castagnoli, and Wheeler Yuta), Konosuke Takeshita, and Pac in a Blood and Guts match. The match was won when Page and Matt Jackson win choked Wheeler out with a chain. On commentary, they said that Moxley had surrendered the match to try and save Wheeler from even more damage. The "Rampage" main event saw Kris Statlander defeat Marina Shafir to retain her AEW TBS Championship.

"Dynamite (aired live July 19)
"Rampage (aired on tape delay July 21)

Brodie Lee Celebration of Life

The Brodie Lee Celebration of Life was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 30, 2020 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". The event was a memorial event for American professional wrestler and AEW wrestler Brodie Lee who had died from idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis four days before the show.

The event started with AEW commentator Jim Ross saying "It's Wednesday and you know what that means", which was one of Lee's catchphrases. The AEW roster and Lee's family then stood on the stage in silence as the ring bell was tolled 10 times as is tradition when a wrestler dies.

Throughout the show, many different wrestlers and other people in AEW spoke to a camera and shared different stories and memories of their time with Lee. There were different tributes on the show such as wrestlers wearing RIP Brodie Lee armbands, using his moves and wearing similar outfits to what he wore throughout his career. During the Page, Reynolds and John Silver match, Silver was going to be attacked by Wardlow but was saved by a debuting Erick Redbeard, who was Brodie Lee (then-Luke Harper)'s former tag team partner in WWE.

At the end of the show, Lee's wrestling boots and a bandana was left in the middle of the ring by his widow Amanda Huber and son Brodie. AEW President and CEO Tony Khan retired the red championship out of tribute. He would award Lee's son Brodie the championship and name him "TNT Champion for life".

AEW Grand Slam (2021)

Grand Slam (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on September 22, 2021 at Arthur Ashe Stadium in Flushing, Queens, New York. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the first Grand Slam event to take place.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw Dr. Britt Baker, D.M.D. defeat Ruby Soho to retain her AEW Women's World Championship. The main event for "Rampage" saw Jon Moxley and Eddie Kingston defeat Suzuki-gun (Minoru Suzuki and Lance Archer) in a Lights Out match. Homicide would show up during the match to help Moxley and Kingston.

The event earned praise from people. Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" awarded the match between Omega and Bryan 5 out of 5 stars.

"Dynamite (September 22) (Part 1)
"Rampage (September 22) (Part 1)

Roque Máspoli

Roque Gastón Máspoli Arbelvide (12 October 1917 in Montevideo – 22 February 2004 in Montevideo) was a Uruguayan football player and coach. He was the goalkeeper for the Uruguay national team that won the 1950 World Cup. He was also the head coach for the Uruguayan team that won the 1980 Mundialito. Considered among the best goalkeepers in the history of Uruguayan football, of which he is considered a legend, and regarded to be one of the best goalkeepers in the world, having linked his name to the historic victory in the 1950 FIFA World Cup, his peformances saw him being named as the best goalkeeper during that tournament, His agility and reflexes were remarkable for a man of his height and build. As a goalkeeper, he had a great physical build, with a mass of approximately ninety kilos for his 1.89 meters of height, which did not prevent him from having good flexibility and a sense of anticipation, although he had strength in the air - which he compensated with the use of his hand on the opposing headers to hinder them. "The referees never punished that," he admitted. In 2000, he took 30th place in the list of the best football goalkeepers of the 20th century, compiled by the International Federation of Football History and Statistics. He was ranked sixth among all goalkeepers of the 20th century in South America.

Goalkeeper Máspoli, a descendant of immigrants from Caslano, (Switzerland), began his career in 1933 with Nacional Montevideo. In 1939 he moved to Liverpool Montevideo. He was a member of the club's team the following year, and on 24 November 1940 he was involved in Liverpool's highest victory in professional football in a 9–0 victory over Bella Vista. In that year, he joined Club Atlético Peñarol and remained there until the end of his career in 1955. During his time with the Aurinegros, his club won the Uruguayan championship in 1944, 1945, 1949, 1951, 1953 and 1954, a total of six times. Going on to become one of the finest goalkeepers to ever come from South America.

In 1945, he made his debut in official matches as part of the Uruguayan national team. In the same year, he became a participant in the South American Championship in Chile.

Since then, he has become one of the main goalkeepers of the Uruguayan national team. At the 1950 World Cup in Brazil, the Uruguayans won the second world title in their history, and Maspoli was named the best goalkeeper of the tournament. Especially significant was his contribution to the victory in the decisive match of the tournament against the hosts. The Brazilians, who were considered the clear favorites of the championship, and in the previous two matches at the final stage of the competition, scored at least six goals, only once managed to break through Maspoli, which allowed his team to win 2:1.

Four years later, he was the main goalkeeper of the Uruguayans at the 1954 World Cup in Switzerland, where the reigning title holders dropped out of the fight at the semifinals, and later lost in the game for third place.

In total, during his career in the national team, which lasted 10 years, he played 40 matches in its uniform, conceding 62 goals.

After his playing career ended, he became a coach. On 15 July 1956, he was in charge of the Uruguay national team for the first time as coach in a 2–2 friendly draw against Paraguay's national team. By October of that year at the latest, however, Lorenzo Fernández had already taken over as national coach. Also in 1956, he coached the Danubio FC team. In the 1960s, he enjoyed his greatest success with his club, Club Atlético Peñarol. He coached the Aurinegros a total of six times. At the beginning of the 1964 season, he took over as head coach for the first time together with assistant coach Alberto Langlade. According to other sources, however, he is said to have been responsible as early as the 1963 season. In 1968, he moved to Spain as coach during the current season, where he was in charge of Elche FC, and was replaced by Rafael Milans at Peñarol. From 1970 to 1971, from 1976 to 1977, from 1984 to 1986, from 1988 to 1992 he was again in charge of the Montevideo team. He was considered as one of the most successful managers of all time.

He was a six-time champion in Uruguay and won the Copa Libertadores in 1966 and then the Intercontinental Cup against Real Madrid with two commanding 2-0 victories in the two finals in Montevideo and Madrid.

In later years, he also worked as a coach in Peru and Ecuador. In the 1980s, he also briefly coached the Uruguayan national team. In 1980–81 he won the Mundialito with Uruguay.

In March 2003 he was awarded the Fair Play Award for Sporting Life by the Uruguayan Ministry of Sports.

Roque Máspoli was hospitalized on 10 February 2004 with heart trouble. He died twelve days later at the age of 86. His remains are buried at Cementerio del Buceo, Montevideo.

Nacional

Peñarol

Uruguay


Peñarol

Defensor Lima

Barcelona SC

Uruguay


Canton (flag)

In vexillology, the canton is a rectangular emblem at the top left of a flag. The canton can also be a flag itself. For example, Australia has the Union Jack as their canton.

Dylan Corbett-Bader

Dylan Corbett-Bader (born 22 July 1997) is an English actor. He is a member of the Corbett family, as the son of Sophie.

Dylan Corbett-Bader was born at St Thomas' Hospital in Lambeth, London, England on 22 July 1997. He is the only child of Sophie Corbett, an actress, and Mark Bader, a photographer. He has a younger half-brother. Corbett-Bader is a member of the Corbett family.

Corbett-Bader moved to Brighton at the age of 12. He graduated from Hove and Sussex Sixth Form College with his diploma in acting. He trained at the Royal Academy of Dramtic Art (RADA). Corbett-Bader graduated with his Bachelor of Arts degree in 2021. He is now a member of the National Youth Theatre.

Corbett-Bader made his debut as an actor in 2016, during the short film "Offbeat". He is also a stage actor.

Corbett-Bader is currently represented by Conway Van Gelder Grant.

Source: 

Pseudophilautus alto

The Horton Plains shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus alto") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 1850 and 2300 meters above sea level.

Rhode Island Red

The Rhode Island Red is an American breed of chicken. It is the state bird of Rhode Island. It was developed there and in Massachusetts in the late nineteenth century. It was developed by cross-breeding birds of Oriental origin such as the Malay with brown Leghorn birds from Italy. It was farmed for meat and eggs. Modern types have been bred for their eggs. The traditional non-industrial types of the Rhode Island Red are listed as "watch" (medium conservation priority, between "recovering" and "threatened") by The Livestock Conservancy. It is not the same breed as the Rhode Island White.

Voter turnout

Voter turnout is the number of votes given when casting a vote. This is usually the number of voters, people who are allowed to vote, or all voting age people. There is an agreement among political scientists that "democracies work better when more people vote." 

Many things make a lot of differences in turnout rates. For example, simpler law-making democracies where voters get shorter ballots, fewer elections, and a multi-party system that makes accountability easier to see more voters than the ways to vote in the United States, Japan, and Switzerland.

Some parts of society are more likely to vote than others. As the number of votes is near 90%, significant differences between voters and nonvoters become less important, but in lower turnout elections the differences between voters and nonvoters can be very big.

More importantly than changes in specific election decisions, voter turnout has very long-term effects on the way democracies work. For example, corruption makes less people vote, not allowing popular democratic changes like fast and safe elections.

Other factors have the biggest impact on voter turnout. Making it illegal to not vote has a direct and big effect on turnout while adding barriers, such as a different registration process or unnecessarily scheduling many elections, decreases turnout. In addition, the closer democracies are to 'one person, one vote' makes more people vote because voters see that their vote has an impact. This can be seen in the higher voting rates of proportional law making democracies.

Leonard Hayflick

Leonard Hayflick (Born on May 20th, 1928) is a professor of biology who discovered the Hayflick Limit and Cell culturing.

Crossodactylus grandis

The Bahia spinythumb frog ("Crossodactylus grandis") is a frog. People have only seen it in Parque Nacional do Itatiaia in Minas Gerais in Brazil.

Farah Jefry

Farah Jefry (Arabic: فرح الجفري; born 12 January 2003) is a Saudi Arabian female footballer who plays for Al-Ittihad as a Midfielder.

Farah was born on 12 January 2003 in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. At the age of eight, she started watching and playing football along with her cousins. Her father was also a huge fan of Football. She attended Jeddah International School.

Farah's career started at the age of 15 when she joined Jeddah Eagle's club (now Al-Ittihad) in the year 2017.

Farah Jefry considers Argentina football star, Lionel Messi as her football inspiration.

In 2021, she became the first Saudi sportswoman to become a brand ambassador for Adidas.

Blake Moore

Blake David Moore (born June 22, 1980) is an American politician. He became the U.S. representative for in January 2021. In 2023, he was elected Vice Chair of the House Republican Conference.


Glenn Maxwell

Glenn James Maxwell (born 14 October 1988) is an Australian professional cricketer. Maxwell is a batting all-rounder who bats right-handed and often bowl off-break deliveries.


Yabba-Dabba-Doo

"Yabba-Dabba-Doo" is the catchphrase used by Fred Flintstone. The phrase expresses a lot of emotion mostly anger, surprise, or sometimes excitement. Yabba Dabba Doo! ; Alan Reed, voice actor who provided Fred's voice from 1960 to 1977, reportedly said the inspiration for the phrase came from his mother, who used to say, "A little dab'll do ya," probably borrowed from a Brylcreem commercial. He said this instead of, "Yahoo" which was what was in the script.

Oh Yeah! Cartoons

The Oh Yeah! Cartoonswere a group of animated short movies that Fred Seibert created for Nickelodeon. Some of its cartoons got spin-off television shows like The Fairly OddParents, The Chalk Zone and My Life as a Teenage Robot.

Cavite

Cavite, officially the Province of Cavite is a province in the Philippines in the Calabarzon region on the island of Luzon. It is on the southern shores of Manila Bay and southwest of Manila. It is one of the most industrialized and fastest-growing provinces in the Philippines. In 2020, it had a population of 4,344,829.

Patrick Mower

Patrick Mower (born Patrick Archibald Shaw; 12 September 1938) is an English actor. He is best known for portraying the role of Rodney Blackstock in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (2000–present). 

Reclaim the Night

Reclaim the Night is a movement that started in 1977. It is part of the Women's liberation movement. The people who started it said that women should be able to walk safely at night. The focus of the movement is still to decrease the number of times women get sexually assaulted. Over the years, Reclaim the Night also targeted other forms of violence against women.

The first of these marches was in Brussels, in 1976. On Walpurgis Night 1977, women marched through the streets. Many of them were dressed as witches. During that march, many went to the red light districts, and into places women usually don't have access to. 

Nicola Wheeler

Nicola Wheeler (born Nicola Hodge; 4 April 1974) is an English actress. She is best known for portraying the role of Nicola King in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" (2001–present). Wheeler also acted on "Coronation Street" in 1999. She was a contestant on the reality television programme "Cirque de Celebrité" in 2006. 

Women's liberation movement

The Women's liberation movement is a social movement that started in the 1960s. It is a form of radical feminism. Followers of the movement say that men and women should have the same rights. 

Important issues on the agenda are:


Bruno Schulz

Bruno Schulz (1892 – 1942) was a Polish Jewish writer.

Some of his works were translated to English


AEW Grand Slam (2022)

Grand Slam (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on September 21, 2022 at Arthur Ashe Stadium in Flushing, Queens, New York. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the second Grand Slam event to take place.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw Jon Moxley defeat Bryan Danielson in a tournament final match to win the vacant AEW World Championship. The main event of "Rampage" saw Ricky Starks defeat Powerhouse Hobbs in a Lights Out match.

The event would see the AEW debut of Saraya. She would save Toni Storm and Athena from a beatdown by Britt Baker, Jamie Hayter, and Serena Deeb. Legendary Japanese wrestler Great Muta would also make an appearance during the event. He would help his old rival Sting during his match. He would hit Buddy Matthews with a dragon screw and spit green mist in his face.

"Dynamite (aired live September 21)
"Rampage (aired on tape delay September 23)

AEW Grand Slam (2023)

Grand Slam (2023) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on September 20, 2023 at Arthur Ashe Stadium in Flushing, Queens, New York. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the third Grand Slam event to take place.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw MJF defeat Samoa Joe to retain his AEW World Championship. The main event of "Rampage" saw The Hung Bucks (Matt Jackson, Nick Jackson, and "Hangman" Adam Page) defeat Mogul Embassy (Brian Cage, Bishop Kaun, and Toa Liona) in a six-man tag team match to win the ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championships.

"Dynamite (aired live September 20)
"Rampage (taped September 20, aired September 22)

Holiday Bash (2020)

Holiday Bash (2020) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 17, 2020 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". The event aired right after the Celtics vs Bucks game on TNT. It was the first Holiday Bash event to take place.

The main event of the event saw The Young Bucks (Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) defeat The Acclaimed (Anthony Bowens and Max Caster) to retain their AEW World Tag Team Championships. The Bucks would hit the "BTE trigger" on Caster and get the pinfall victory.

Holiday Bash (2021)

Holiday Bash (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 22, 2021 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. "Dynamite" aired in it's normal timeslot while "Rampage" aired on delay on December 25 at 9pm ET . It was pushed back because of a tradition that TNT has where they show the 1983 movie "A Christmas Story" during their holiday marathon.

The "Dynamite" main event of the event saw CM Punk, Sting, and Darby Allin defeated The Pinnacle (MJF and FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler)). The "Rampage" main event saw Cody Rhodes defeat Sammy Guevara to win the AEW TNT Championship.

During the event, Kyle O'Reilly made his AEW debut. He would help Adam Cole during his match. This was first time that all three original members of The Undisputed Era were reunited since their time in "NXT".

"Dynamite (December 22)
"Rampage (December 25)

André Braun

André Braun (born 1 May 1944) is a Luxembourgian archer. Braun competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics and the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Jeannette Goergen-Philip

Jeannette Goergen-Philip (born 30 November 1947) is a Luxembourgian archer. Goergen-Philip competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

La Libertad, Ecuador

La Libertad is a city in Ecuador. It is important to keep in mind that this city is not a major city, but rather a rural area, meaning that it is quite difficult to find this location on a map.

Awais Malik

Awais Malik was born 11 October, 1982. He is a Qatar cricketer who played 18 Twenty20 Internationals and 2 Limited-over matches from 2019 to 2020.

Brand ambassador

A Brand Ambassador (sometimes also called a corporate ambassador) is a person appointed by a company or organization to represent and promote its brand positively. They help people know what the brand is about by doing things like promoting products and being in ads. They act as a bridge between the brand and its target audience.

Brand Ambassadors often do things like supporting products, being part of advertisements and joining events for the brand. They help the brand by making sure people know about its products and likes the brand. Many brand ambassadors use social media platforms like Instagram to promote such products as well.

List of Romania Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Romania Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International since their first match in August 2019.

"Statistics are correct as of 20 August 2023."

WAGR J class (diesel)

The WAGR J class were a total of 5 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1966 to 1995.

The J class were built by Clyde Engineering of Granville, Sydney, New South Wales as shunters along the Eastern Goldfields Railway from Perth to Kalgoorlie. Class leader No. 101 was scrapped in 1986 while the rest were sold off in 1995 to Great Northern Rail services and hauled trains under contract to National Rail, with the locos based out of South Dynon motive power depot in Melbourne, Victoria.

No. 102 and 103 are owned by SCT Logistics, working at multiple locations around Melbourne. No. 104 and 105 are based at Alice Springs and Tennant Creek, Northern Territory as terminal shunters under the ownership of One Rail Australia (after merging with Freightlink).

Auckland Islands

The Auckland Islands (Māori: "Motu Maha" or "Maungahuka") are a group of islands that are part of New Zealand. The islands are south of the South Island. There are no people on the islands.

The biggest island is Auckland Island. There are smaller islands around Auckland Island like Adams Island, Enderby Island, Disappointment Island, Ewing Island, Rose Island, Dundas Island, and Green Island. 

The islands were found by Europeans in 1806.

No Regrets (Tom Rush song)

"No Regrets" is a 1968 song by folk singer/songwriter Tom Rush and is the final track from his 1968 album "The Circle Game". It went to number 57 in the United Kingdom and was covered by The Walker Brothers in 1975.

In 1975, American group The Walker Brothers covered the song as the title track to their fourth studio album "No Regrets". It was a comeback for the band following their 1967 split. It went to number 7 in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands, number 5 in Ireland and number 28 in Australia and was covered again in 1982 by Midge Ure.

Ilocos Sur

Ilocos Sur, officially the Province of Ilocos Sur, is a province in the Philippines located in the Ilocos Region in Luzon. At the mouth of the Mestizo River is the capital, Vigan. Ilocos Sur is next to Ilocos Norte and Abra to the north, Mountain Province to the east, La Union and Benguet to the south and the South China Sea to the west.

Ilocos Sur was founded by the Spanish "conquistador" Juan de Salcedo in 1572. It was formed when the north (now Ilocos Norte) split from the south (Ilocos Sur). At that time it included parts of Abra and the upper half of present-day La Unión. The current boundary of the province was permanently defined through "Act 2683" signed in March 1917.

The province is home to two UNESCO World Heritage Sites, the Heritage City of Vigan and the Baroque Church of Santa Maria.

SC Columbia XXI Floridsdorf

SC Columbia Floridsdorf is a Austrian football club located in the 21st district of Vienna. They play since the 2019/20 season in the 2nd regional league, the fifth highest division . The club colors are blue, black and white.
The club SC Columbia XXI was founded in 1908. In September 1908 the club was registered with the club authorities and football association. After the end of the First World War they got a own ground. 1964 the club had to move to Schwarzlackenau. Since 1927 Columbia XXI had been playing for the VAFÖ championship. After the dissolution of the VAFÖ in 1934, the Columbians joined the Vienna Football Association, where they played in the lower leagues. After the annexation of Austria by the German Reich in 1938 they were not allowed to play until a pleasant club management was found.

After winning the third division in 1943 they were promoted to the second division for the first time in the club's history. After the end of the war, the club had its best days. In 1946 and 1947 fourth place in the second league was reached. The departure of Columbia XXI's best players to larger Viennese clubs weakened the team. With the introduction of the state league in 1950 they were relegated and did not come back to the 2nd league. The Columbians fell into the 1st Class B by 1957 and subsequently played in the lowest Viennese football leagues. It wasn't until 1999 that they returned to the fourth-tier Vienna City League. In 2008 the came back to the Stadtliga. In the same year they also celebrated their 100th anniversary. In the 2009/10 season they were promoted to the Regionalliga East.

Columbia ended their first season in the third highest division in 14th place out of 16. The club was not relegated because eleventh-placed FC Waidhofen/Ybbs voluntarily relegated due to financial problems. In 2012 however, Columbia finished in last place and was relegated to the Vienna City League. After being relegated again, SC Columbia is currently in the fifth highest league, the 2nd Landesliga Vienna.

Marduk

Marduk (Cuneiform: AMAR.UTU) was a god from Mesopotamia and deity of the city of Babylon who became the king of the gods. In the city of Babylon, Marduk was worshipped in the temple Esagila. His symbol is the spade. He is also connected with the Mušḫuššu.

By the First Millennium BCE, Marduk had become connected with the planet Jupiter.

Askold

Askold can be




Toki Air

Toki Air, officially , is a Japanese low-cost, regional airline based at Niigata Airport. It was founded on July 29, 2020 and is expected to start operations in late 2023.

Toki Air was made in July 29, 2020 in order to connect regional and stray areas across the country. The company signed a agreement with the NAC for two ATR 72-600s. The company also signed a ten-year GMA with ATR for its two ordered 72-600s. Toki Air also plans to introduce the ATR 42-600S variant which is currently under development by ATR. Toki Air, is expected to have its first ATR 42-600S in early 2025. The cost of the airplane will make the company the first Japanese airline to operate this type of aircraft.

Toki Air took delivery of its first ATR 72 on October 10, 2022. The airplane arrived at its hub at Niigata Airport on November 5, 2022.

The government of Niigata Prefecture extended 1.16 billion yen in financing to Toki on October 31, 2022.

Toki formally signed up for an air operator's award on November 30, 2022, which was approved by the East Japan Civil Aviation Bureau of the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism on March 31, 2023. Toki would be the first new locally-owned Japanese airline in 14 years (after Fuji Dream Airlines).

On August 28, 2023, a 66-year-old former worker of Oriental Air Bridge, who was the boss of the safety zone, was continued after it was discovered that the employee had illegally downloaded and transferred secret documents from the airline on November 25, 2022. The worker retired from the airplane business in December 2022 and later joined Toki Air. The employee told the truth and stated that "I took these (the papers), because I thought it would be useful my next company's work." Toki Air stated that they had lowered the rank of the employee and reported the incident to the Japan Civil Aviation Bureau. Oriental Air Bridge in an talk stated that there was no impact of flight safety and the airline would work to prevent such incident from happening again.
The Toki Air fleet consists of the following aircraft (as of October 2022):
Toki Air is one of several airlines advising Heart Aerospace on its proposed ES-30 electric airliner.


Mat

A mat is a most likely flat object (normally soft) to wipe your feet/shoes off. It can also mean a few other things like a small piece of cork, card, or fabric placed on a table or other surface to protect it from the heat or moisture of an object placed on it. In a different form called matted it can mean almost completely different things.

Mia And The White Lion

Mia and the White Lion is a 2018 film about a young girl from London moves to Africa with her parents where she befriends a lion cub. 

Staring; Daniah De Villiers, Mélanie Laurent, Langley Kirkwood

The film released in France on the 26th of December 2018 and the United States of America on the 12th of April 2019. 

Philippe Rühl

Philippe Jacques Rühl (3 May 1737 – 29/30 May 1795) was a German-French statesman during the French Revolution. He was the "doyen d'âge" (oldest deputy) of the opening ceremony of the Convention of 1792–1795. He was the son of a Lutheran minister. He committed suicide by stabbing himself with a dagger.

Jean Joseph Victor Génissieu

Jean Joseph Victor Génissieu (29 October 1749 – 27 October 1804) was a French lawyer and politician. He was president of the National Convention, Minister of Justice and president of the Council of Five Hundred during the French Revolution.

Holiday Bash (2022)

Holiday Bash (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 21, 2022 at Freeman Coliseum in San Antonio, Texas. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively.

The "Dynamite" main event of the event saw Jamie Hayter defeat Hikaru Shida to retain her AEW Women's World Championship. The "Rampage" main event saw Jay Lethal and Jeff Jarrett defeat Anthony Bowens and "Daddy Ass" Billy Gunn.

It was reported that the match between Hayter and Shida was very well recieved by members of the AEW roster backstage.

"Dynamite (December 22)
"Rampage (aired on tape delay December 23)

Rota (poem)

Rota (English: The Oath) is a Polish poem written by Polish poetess Marya Konopnicka. It was first published in the Polish newspaper "Gwiazdka Cieszyńska" (English: Star of Ciezyn) on 7 November 1908. The poem was written as a protest in order to stop the German Empire's policies of the oppression and suppression of the Polish culture, by the forced Germanisation of Poles. 
Nie rzucim ziemi, zkąd nasz rod, 
Nie damy pogrześć mowy! 
Polski my naród, Polski lud,
Królewski szczep Piastowy.
Nie damy, by nas zniemczył wrog. 
— Tak nam dopomóż Bog!

Do krwi oststaniej kropli z żył,
Bronić będziemy Ducha,
Aż się rozpadnie w proch i w pył
Krzyżacka zawierucha.
Twierdzą nam będzie każdy próg,
— Tak nam dopomóż Bog!

Nie będzie niemiec pluł nam w twarz,
I dzieci nam germanił,
Oręny sercem hufiec nasz,
Duch będzie nam hetmanił. 
Pójdziem, gdy zagrzmi złoty róg,
— Tak nam dopomóż Bog! — 

Ludowi śląskiemu.

AEW Homecoming (2020)

Homecoming (2020) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on January 1, 2020 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". The name of the event was a reference to the company's return to Daily's Place.

The main event saw The Elite (Kenny Omega, Matt Jackson, and Nick Jackson) defeat Death Triangle (Pac, Pentagón Jr., and Rey Fénix).

AEW Homecoming (2021)

Homecoming (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on August 4, 2021 at Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the second and last Homecoming event that AEW made. The name of the event was a reference to the company's return to Daily's Place.

The main event saw Malakai Black defeat Cody Rhodes. This was Black's in-ring debut for AEW. Black hit Rhodes with the Spinning Heel Mick and got the pinfall victory.

Jérôme Pétion de Villeneuve

Jérôme Pétion de Villeneuve (3 January 1756 – 18 June 1794) was a French writer and politician who served as the second mayor of Paris, from 1791 to 1792, and the first regular president of the National Convention in 1792. During the French Revolution, he was associated with the moderate Girondins, and voted against the immediate execution of Louis XVI at the king's trial in January 1793, though he supported a suspended sentence. This led to Pétion's proscription by the Convention alongside other Girondin deputies following the radical insurrection of 31 May – 2 June 1793, and ultimately his suicide together with fellow-Girondin François Buzot while evading arrest during the Terror.

New Year's Smash (January 2021)

New Year's Smash (January 2021) was a two-part professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on January 6 and 7, 2021 at the Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite". It was the first New Year's Smash event to take place. The event was originally supposed to take place on December 30, 2020, and end on January 6, 2021 but the event was pushed back a week. The Brodie Lee Celebration of Life event took it's place to honour the memory of AEW wrestler Brodie Lee who died on December 26.

Night 1's main event saw Kenny Omega defeat Rey Fenix to retain his AEW World Championship. Omega would hit Fénix with the "One-Winged Angel" and get the pinfall victory. Night 2's main event Darby Allin defeat Brian Cage to retain his AEW TNT Championship. Allin hit Cage with the "Crucifix Bomb" and got the pinfall victory.

Night 1 (January 6)
Night 2 (January 13)

Berezniki

Berezniki is a city in Perm Krai, Russia. The city had a population of 143,072 in 2010. It is the second biggest city in Perm Krai after Perm.

Japanese Breakfast

The Japanese Breakfast are an American indie pop music band. They are headed under musician and singer Michelle Zauner. They were first started in 2012 or 2013.

Zauner said she named the group after she saw a GIF picture of a Japanese breakfast. She decided also the term "Japanese breakfast" had an exotic nature to Americans.

The band have multiple studio albums and songs. The albums include "Jubilee" (2021) and "The Soft Sounds from Another Planet" (2017).

At the 64th annual Grammy Awards, the Japanese Breakfast were nominated for the Best New Artist. The same awards nominated their album "Jubilee" for the Best Alternative Music Album. Songs for which the group are known include "Be Sweet".

The Japanese Breakfast band are from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Up the Creek (song)

"Up the Creek" is a 1984 song by Cheap Trick and is the title track to the 1984 movie "Up the Creek". It went to number 36 on the Billboard Top Rock Tracks charts.



Jeff Henckels

Jeff Henckels (born 30 August 1984) is an archer from Luxembourg. Henckels competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics, 2012 Summer Olympics, and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Ilse Martha Ries-Hotz

Ilse Martha Ries-Hotz (born 27 July 1949) is a Luxembourgian archer. Martha Ries-Hotz competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

ICBC Argentina

ICBC Argentina is an Argentine banking entity owned by ICBC. It is the Argentine subsidiary of the Chinese bank Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, founded in 2013 after the purchase of Standard Bank Argentina.
In 2006, Standard Bank purchased the BankBoston Argentina unit, expanding its operations to this country. In 2012, ICBC acquired 80% of its shares. The rebranding occurred in April 2013.

With an extensive network of more than 103 branches spread across 17 provinces and a team of 3,243 employees, ICBC stands out as a solid financial institution in the country. Its asset base exceeds 21.1 billion pesos (ARS), backed by deposits exceeding 15.2 billion pesos. This consolidates its position among the main private banks in Argentina, ranking among the eight most prominent in terms of assets and deposits.

Thomas of Brittany

Thomas of Brittany (active 1160–1170) was a medieval poet and cleric who was active in Brittany.

A German romance named "Tristan" which was written by Gottfried von Strassburg, a German writer, was based on the Anglo-Norman poem "Tristan", which was written by Thomas of Brittany, between 1160 to 1170. The poem and the romance are one of the versions in literature of the Tristan and Iseult legend.


Chocolat (1988 movie)

Chocolat is a 1988 French Cameroonian adventure drama movie directed by first time director Claire Denis and starring Isaach de Bankolé, Giulia Boschi, François Cluzet, Cécile Ducasse, Mireille Perrier, Kenneth Cranham.

August Blaha

August Blaha (1 January 1888 - 25 September 1961) was an Austrian footballer. He played for SK Rapid Wien. There he was part of the team which won the first Austrian championship. He played at the1912 Summer Olympics in Stockholm for the Austrian football team.
Rapid Archiv: August Blaha

Orsha

Orsha (; ) is a city in Vitebsk Region, Belarus. It is the administrative center of Orsha District. In 2023, 103,658 people lived there.

Krasnohrad

Krasnohrad () is a city in Kharkiv Oblast, Ukraine. It is the administrative center of Krasnohrad Raion. In 2022, 19,674 people lived there.

From 1784 to 1922, it was known as Kostyantynohrad.

Barvinkove

Barvinkove (; ) is a city in Izium Raion, Kharkiv Oblast, Ukraine. In 2022, 7,840 people lived there.

Maloarkhangelsk

Maloarkhangelsk () is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 3,620 people lived there.

Bolkhov

Bolkhov () is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 11,421 people lived there.

Crozet Islands

The Crozet Islands (French: "Iles Crozet" or "Archipel Crozet") are a group of islands in the Indian Ocean. The islands are very far away. It is about from Mauritius. The only place where people live on the islands is at Alfred Faure ("Port Alfred"). 

There are many islands that are a part of the Crozet Islands such as: 


Many animals can be found on the islands like penguins, seabirds, and seals. Different kinds of penguin live on the islands like macaroni penguins, gentoo penguins, king penguins, and rockhopper penguins. Some seabirds that can be found on the island are the Crozet shag, wandering albatross, and many kinds of petrels. 

There are some plants on the islands, but not a lot. There is mostly grass, moss, and lichen. 

The islands were found in 1772 and was used for seal hunting for a lot of its history until it was made a nature reserve.

Novosil

Novosil () is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 3,658 people lived there.

Dmitrovsk

Dmitrovsk () is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 5,648 people lived there.

Livny

Livny () is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 50,343 people lived there.

Mtsensk

Mtsensk () is a town in Oryol Oblast, Russia. It is on the Zusha River. In 2010, 43,222 people lived there.

New Kosovo Alliance

The New Kosovo Alliance is a political coalition in Kosovo, formed in 2010. This alliance brings together a diverse range of political parties and interest groups with the shared goal of promoting social justice, economic development, and national unity. The New Kosovo Alliance officially emerged on May 5, 2010, as a response to heightened political tensions and a desire for a more inclusive and collaborative approach to governance. Visionary leaders who played pivotal roles in its establishment include Sara Petrovic and Marko Jovanovic. It is a coalition of six parties

Sara Petrovic serves as the charismatic leader of the New Kosovo Alliance, bringing with her a background in grassroots activism. Marko Jovanovic, an experienced political strategist, is the alliance's chief spokesperson. They work with other prominent members, such as Ana Popovic and Stefan Milosevic.

At the core of the New Kosovo Alliance's political platform are principles of social justice, economic equality, and a commitment to fostering national unity. Key objectives include advancing education reform, promoting sustainable economic practices, and better diplomatic relations. The alliance positions itself as a centrist coalition, emphasizing a commitment to pragmatic and inclusive governance.

The NKA took part in the 2011 and 2014 national elections, securing notable successes in both. In 2014, the alliance gained a majority in the parliament. Their victory was attributed to a strong grassroots campaign and a focus on addressing pressing economic challenges.

Despite its successes, the New Kosovo Alliance has faced challenges, including internal disagreements on certain policy issues and external criticism for its diplomatic approach. Controversies, such as allegations of campaign finance impropriety in 2011, have added complexity to its political journey, requiring adept navigation by the alliance's leadership.

The New Kosovo Alliance has played a pivotal role in shaping the political landscape of Kosovo by implementing education reforms, facilitating economic development, and fostering diplomatic relations. Contributions to legislative changes, such as the passage of key economic policies, have left a lasting imprint on the country's political trajectory, demonstrating the alliance's commitment to positive transformation.

As of 2023, the New Kosovo Alliance remains an influential force in Kosovo politics. Ongoing activities include initiatives to address environmental concerns

FIGRA

FIGRA (International festival of major current affairs reports and social documentaries) is an annual festival of documentary films and the corresponding festival award. It has been held since 1993 in March-April in Le Touquet-Paris-Plage in northern France.

The film festival was founded by Georges Marque-Bouaret in 1993. The festival's main theme revolves around pressing social issues uncovered by the reporters themselves, who also serve as directors. In this way, according to the founder, they have the opportunity to "step out of the shadows" of the press organizations they work for.

In 2016, the festival takes place from March 30 to April 3.


Cajun cuisine

Cajun cuisine is a style of cooking developed by the Cajun–Acadians who were deported from Acadia to Louisiana during the 18th century and who incorporated West African, French and Spanish cooking techniques into their original cuisine.

Tamale

A tamale, in Spanish tamal, is a traditional Mesoamerican dish made of masa, a dough made from nixtamalized corn, which is steamed in a corn husk or banana leaves.

Menudo

In Mexican cuisine, Menudo, also known as pancita ("[little] gut" or "[little] stomach") or mole de panza ("stomach sauce"), is a traditional Mexican soup. It is made with cow's stomach (tripe) in broth with a red chili pepper base. Hominy, lime, onions, and oregano are used to season the broth.

Yeat

Yeat is a American rapper, singer, songwriter, and record producer known for his experimental sound.

Tres leches cake

A tres leches cake is a sponge cake soaked in three kinds of milk: evaporated milk, condensed milk, and whole milk. The cake is popular throughout Latin America.

Vasantakumar Agricultural Institute

Vasantakumar Agricultural Institute was established in 1936 as an affiliated institution of Rajshahi College. Unfortunately, the institute faced challenges and was closed in 1952.

On 11 August 1920, Kumar Basant Kumar Roy, the second son of Raja Pramthanath of Dighapatia, generously donated 2,50,000 rupees for the establishment of an agricultural institute in Rajshahi through a will. The Basant Kumar Roy Trust, the trustees of the donation, contributed an additional one lakh rupees. Although the government accepted Vasantakumar's donation, the institute could not be established until 1936 due to various reasons. Over the span of 16 years, the initial donation increased to about four lakh taka.

Vasantakumar Agricultural Institute was officially established in Rajshahi under the administration of the Principal of Rajshahi College through a Government Notification dated 12th May 1963.

The institute commenced operations by renovating the kitchen and dining hall building of the hostel on Natore Road, adjacent to Rani Hemanthakumari Hostel of Rajshahi College. Practical classes were conducted by coordinating with government agricultural farms.

In 1936, 16 students were admitted, and 7 of them successfully passed and secured employment.

The institute flourished until 1948 but faced a decline after the creation of Pakistan. From 1948 to 1952, it remained inactive. Unfortunately, after the country's division, the original deed through which funds were allocated for Vasantakumar Agricultural Institute could not be recovered. Additionally, key contributors to the institution left the country, and some passed away, posing a threat to its existence.

In June 1952, an application was submitted to the government for the institution's reopening, but approval was not granted. By the end of 1952, the government issued an order, leading to the complete closure of the institution.

Rajshahi Nursing College

Rajshahi Nursing College is an educational institution for nursing located in Rajshahi city, situated within the Rajshahi Medical College campus. It operates under the administration of Rajshahi University.

The inception of the institution dates back to October 17, 1961, with the laying of the foundation stone for the Nursing Training Center attached to Rajshahi Medical College Hospital. Originally named Seva Institute, it transformed into Rajshahi Nursing College in 2007. Notably, it is among the seven Basic B.Sc Nursing Colleges in Bangladesh operating at the government level.

Rajshahi Nursing College offers a 4-year B.Sc Nursing course and a 3-year Diploma in Midwifery. Admission criteria include HSC (Science) for BSc Nursing and HSC pass in any subject for the Diploma in Midwifery course, with admission granted based on merit. Annually, the college admits 100 students to the B.Sc Nursing program and 25 students to the Diploma in Midwifery course. It's noteworthy that 10% of these admissions are reserved for male students.

While female students have access to residential facilities, there is currently no provision for residential arrangements for male students.

WAGR K class (diesel)

The WAGR K class were a total of 10 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1966 to 2000.

The K class were constructed by English Electric of Rocklea, Brisbane, Queensland from 1966 to 1969. They were built to serve on the Eastern Goldfields Railway working on construction trains converting that line to standard gauge, soon after they began hauling wheat traffic from Merredin to Fremantle harbour, after the Eastern Goldfields Railway re-opened the K class started running services from Kalgoorlie to Esperance.

Class leader No. 201 made history when it travelled through five states, requiring three bogie exchanges. No. 202 was purchased by the Goldsworthy Mining Coy as one of their similar locos had been destroyed in an accident. A new K class was ordered as a replacement, becoming K class No. 210, and Goldsworthy purchased No. 203 soon after.

In 1974 three R class were converted to standard gauge, becoming the Ka class. All but two were included in the sale of Westrail assets in 2000. 7 of the K class have been scrapped, with two in storage in Melbourne, Victoria, and one operational under SCT Logistics.

Pan (2015 movie)

Pan is a 2015 American fantasy film directed by Joe Wright and written by Jason Fuchs. The film is a prequel to the 1904 play "Peter Pan; or, the Boy Who Wouldn't Grow Up." It was published as a novel in 1911 as "Peter and Wendy", by Scottish author J. M. Barrie. It is about Peter Pan and Captain Hook. It stars Levi Miller as Peter Pan, Garrett Hedlund as Hook, Rooney Mara as Tiger Lily, Hugh Jackman as Blackbeard

Living a bleak existence at a London orphanage, 12-year-old Peter finds himself whisked away to the fantastical world of Neverland. Adventure awaits as he meets new friend James Hook and the warrior Tiger Lily. They must band together to save Neverland from the ruthless pirate Blackbeard. Along the way, the rebellious and mischievous boy discovers his true destiny, becoming the hero forever known as Peter Pan.


Vanilla Air

In June 2013, AirAsia said it would stop working with AirAsia Japan. This made the company a subsidiary of Air Nippon Airways (ANA). In August of that year, AirAsia Japan said that it would still fly under its current name through 26 October 2013. It would change its name to Vanilla Air starting 1 November 2013. Vanilla Air would start with two aircraft. The company would grow to ten aircraft by 2015. It would have flight within Japan and to other countries. All of AirAsia Japan employees were to now work for Vanilla Air. The airline would focus on flying to resort places. Over time, they would start flying longer paths after a focus on short-haul routes.

AirAsia Japan aircraft was moved to Indonesia AirAsia. Vanilla Air only had two aircraft at the start. Vanilla Air kept working from Narita International Airport, but because it only had 2 aircraft, the AirAsia Japan hub at Chubu Centrair International Airport was closed. However.

At the end of July, the "Nikkei" reported that the new AirAsia Japan would focus on the popular resort markets of Sapporo, Okinawa, Honolulu, Guam and Saipan. A later report said that 70% of its would be around the world. The report said said that they would make better use of slots at Narita Airport. It would do this by having flights late at night and and in the early morning. The increasing to 10 aircraft would make the airline more competitive with Jetstar Japan, a Narita-based airline partly owned by Japan Airlines.

Vanilla Air made its first flights from Narita to Okinawa and Taipei on 20 December 2013. Vanilla Air introduced the "Vaniller's Pass" in December 2014. It was a one-month pass good for travel on its Tokyo-Amami path. The pass was aimed at people going to the islands for surfing and diving, but people used the passes for other purposes such as caring for family members.

In its first years of work, Vanilla Air a shortage of pilots. This caused the company to lose money.. In 2016, low oil prices and an increase of tourism to Japan led to Vanilla Air making a profit. 

In June 2017, Vanilla Air was criticised after a disabled passenger flying from Amami to Osaka had to crawl up a set of stairs to enter an aircraft. The passenger, Hideto Kojima, was told he would not be allowed to board the plane if he could not climb the stairs without help.

On 22 March 2018, All Nippon Airways sid it would combine Peach Aviation and Vanilla Air. This would start in the second half of the FY2018 and to be done by the end of FY2019. Vanilla would become a part of Peach, The new company was planned to have more than 50 aircraft by 2020. This was up from 35 aircraft before the merger. The company would have more than 50 routes. It was expected to have a ¥150 ($) billion in income and a 10% operating profit for FY2020. Vanilla Air closed on 26 October 2019.

Vanilla Air took delivery of its first A320 aircraft on 14 November 2013. The Vanilla Air fleet had 6 Airbus A320-200 aircraft as of October 2019, at time of merger into Peach Aviation


Maasin, Southern Leyte

Maasin is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Southern Leyte. According to the 2020 census, 87,446 people lived there.

Naval, Biliran

Naval is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Biliran. According to the 2020 census, 58,187 people lived there.

Vigan

Vigan is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Ilocos Sur. According to the 2020 census, 53,935 people lived there.

Pangasinan

Pangasinan, officially the Province of Pangasinan (; ; ), is a province in the Philippines in the Ilocos Region of Luzon. Its capital is Lingayen. It has a total land area of . According to the 2020 census, 3,163,190 people lived there.

San Jose de Buenavista

San Jose de Buenavista is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Antique. According to the 2020 census, 65,140 people lived there.

Kalibo

Kalibo, officially the Municipality of Kalibo (Aklanon: "Banwa it Kalibo"; Hiligaynon: "Banwa sang Kalibo"; ), is a 1st class municipality and capital of the Province of Aklan, Philippines. In the 2020 census, 89,127 people lived there.

Kalibo is in the north-west of Panay. It is the main transportation hub for the resort island of Boracay. The municipality is known for the Ati-Atihan festival, the award winning mangrove forest, the Bakhawan Eco-Park and piña-weaving. In February 2018, the government of Aklan, began the process of nominating Kalibo piña-weaving in the UNESCO Intangible Cultural Heritage Lists. The Ati-atihan festival is also nominated for the same list.

Muntinlupa

Muntinlupa is a city in the Metro Manila, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 543,445 people lived there.

Las Piñas

Las Piñas is a city in the Metro Manila, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 606,293 people lived there.

First Lady of Kentucky

First Lady of Kentucky is the title and role held by the hostess of the Kentucky Governor's Mansion, usually the wife of the governor of Kentucky, during the governor's term in office.

Britainy Beshear is the current first lady of Kentucky, in role since December 2019 as the wife of Governor Andy Beshear.

The first lady is not elected by the citizens of Kentucky. There aren't any official jobs she is required to do and she is not paid for being the first lady. The first lady is often involved in political campaigns, and management of the Governor's Mansion. She is also involved in social causes and accompanying the governor at official and ceremonial occasions and events.

Martín Calvo Encalada

Martín Calvo de Encalada y Recabarren was a Chilean politician who participated as a member of Congress during the Chilean War of Independence. He was also the President of Chile.

Malolos

Malolos, officially the City of Malolos (), is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Bulacan. According to the 2020 census, 261,189 people lived there. 

Malolos was the site of the constitutional convention of 1898, known as the Malolos Convention, that led to the establishment of the First Philippine Republic.

Francisco de la Lastra

General Francisco de la Lastra y de la Sotta October 4, 1777 – May 13, 1852) was a Chilean military officer and the first Supreme Director of Chile (1814).

Bar, Ukraine

Bar () is a city in Vinnytsia Oblast, Ukraine. In 2022, 15,337 people lived there.

Lingayen, Pangasinan

Lingayen is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Pangasinan. According to the 2020 census, 107,728 people lived there. It is the birthplace of Fidel V. Ramos, 12th President of the Philippines (1992–1998).

New Year's Smash (December 2021)

New Year's Smash (December 2021) was a two-part professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 29, 2021 at the Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the second New Year's Smash event to take place. It is the second New Year's Smash event to take place in 2021 after the first one took place in January.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw Adam Cole and reDRagon (Bobby Fish and Kyle O'Reilly) defeat Best Friends (Chuck Taylor, Trent Beretta, and Orange Cassidy). The main event of "Rampage" saw Cody Rhodes defeat Ethan Page to retain his AEW TNT Championship.

"Dynamite" (December 29)
"Rampage" (December 31)

Apna Dal (Soneylal)

Apna Dal (Sonelal/Soneylal) is an Indian political party active in Uttar Pradesh. The party is mainly supported by the Kurmi community in the region of Varanasi, Uttar Pradesh. It split from Apna Dal in 1995. 

Richard Worley

Richard J. Worley Jr. (born 1964/1965) is an American police officer who has been the since 2023. He was born in Baltimore's Pigtown community, graduated from in Baltimore in 1983 and earned a degree in criminal justice from in 1987.

Worley started his police career in 1998 with the . He was a trainee, lieutenant, major, lieutenant colonel, then colonel. He helped make plans for protests related to the killing of George Floyd in 2021. He applied to lead the in Texas in 2021 and the Greeley Police Department in Colorado in 2022, he was not selected for either role. In September 2022, Worley became the deputy commissioner of the Baltimore Police Department under Michael S. Harrison and became acting commissioner on June 9, 2023, following Harrison's resignation. Despite his nomination being controversial, he was approved as commissioner by the Baltimore City Council on October 2, 2023, with one disagreeing vote. His salary per year as commissioner is .

Richard J. Worley Jr. was born in the community of Baltimore in 1964 or 1965. He graduated from in 1983 and received a degree in criminal justice from in 1987. He was involved in college baseball and was recognized by his coach as "the natural." After college, he played in minor league baseball and later worked in his family's flooring business for ten years.

Worley became a police officer with the as a trainee in 1998. He was 34 years old. He served four years on patrol in the Western District of Baltimore. After being a trainee, he became lieutenant, major, lieutenant colonel, and finally, police colonel. In 2021, he helped make plans for protests related to the killing of George Floyd. He attempted to become the leader of the in Texas in 2021 and the Greeley Police Department in Colorado in 2022 but was not selected by the departments.

In September 2022, Worley became the deputy with as commissioner, and he became acting commissioner on June 9, 2023 because of Harrison's resignation.

On July 17, 2023, Mayor of Baltimore Brandon Scott nominated Worley to become commissioner. While the Baltimore NAACP thought his nomination should be withdrawn, former Mayor of Baltimore Jack Young and State's Attorney agreed with his nomination. 

Worley's nomination was approved by the Oversight Committee then approved by the Baltimore City Council on October 2, 2023. The only disagreeing vote was from Councilwoman , who represents the district affected by the , which happened while he was acting commissioner.

While he was acting commissioner, his salary was , and after his nomination was accepted by the City Council, he received a three-year contract with a salary per year of .

Worley is married and has two children. As well as being a police officer, he has been a Major League Baseball merchandise reviewer since August 2014.

New Year's Smash (2022)

New Year's Smash (2022) was a two-part professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 28, 2022 at the 1stBank Center in Broomfield, Colorado. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the third New Year's Smash event to take place.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw Samoa Joe defeat Wardlow to retain his AEW TNT Championship. Joe choked Wardlow out with the Rear Naked Choke and the referee stopped the match, giving Joe the victory. The main event of "Rampage" saw Swerve Strickland defeat Wheeler Yuta. While the referee had their back turned, Swerve hit Yuta with a low blow and then a "JML Driver" for the pinfall victory.

"Dynamite" (aired live December 28)
"Rampage" (aired on tape delay December 30)

Karakurt-class corvette

The Karakurt class, or Project 22800 "Karakurt" ('spider, European Black Widow') is a (group or) class of small warships of Russia's navy.

According to Russia, those ships are "small missile-ships". Western media calls the ships, corvettes.

Leyte (province)

Leyte is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Eastern Visayas region. Its capital is the city of Tacloban.

South Cotabato

South Cotabato is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Soccsksargen region. The capital is Koronadal.

DEATH BATTLE

Death Battle is an animated web series created by Rooster Teeth which puts two characters, usually fictional, up against each other in a match where one of them usually dies, both die, or make peace.

Cotabato

Cotabato or North Cotabato is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Soccsksargen region. The capital is Kidapawan.

Sultan Kudarat

Sultan Kudarat is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Soccsksargen region. The capital is Isulan.

Sarangani

Sarangani is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Soccsksargen region. The capital is Alabel.

Legazpi, Albay

Legazpi, officially the City of Legazpi, is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Albay. According to the 2020 census, 209,533 people lived there.

La Trinidad, Benguet

La Trinidad is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Benguet. According to the 2020 census, 137,404 people lived there.

Davao de Oro

Davao de Oro is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Davao Region. The capital is Nabunturan. In 1998, it was split from Davao del Norte.

Davao Oriental

Davao Oriental is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Davao Region. The capital is Mati.

Davao Occidental

Davao Occidental is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Davao Region. The capital is Malita.

Zambales

Zambales is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Central Luzon region. The capital is Iba.

Arrest of Omi in a Hellcat

Bill Omar Carrasquillo (born September 6, 1986), known professionally as Omi in a Hellcat (stylized in all caps), is an American YouTuber who was sentenced to five and a half years of prison and fined on charges of conspiracy, copyright infringement, fraud, money laundering, and tax evasion due to a cable television piracy scheme.

Bill Omar Carrasquillo was born on September 6, 1986. His father was Julio Carrasquillo and his mother was Soledad Diaz. He was raised in North Philadelphia as one of 38 children. His mother died of a drug overdose while he was a child. His father was a drug dealer who taught him to cook crack cocaine when he was 12 years old. He grew up with his family, foster parents, and his father. He said he was sent to a mental health institution for his guardian to get to medicine to sell. He became a drug dealer as a teenager and sold drugs until he was in his 20s.

After he stopped selling drugs, he started a business in 2016 with partners Jesse Gonzales from California and Michael Barone from New York which offered users content from Comcast, Verizon FiOS, DirectTV, and HBO for a month. According to federal authorities, they bought technology from China which removed restrictions from cable subscriptions, which they used to stream the content online. Before being shut down in 2019, the service had 100,000 subscribers and generated in revenue.

He created a YouTube channel named Omi in a Hellcat (stylized in all caps). The channel features videos displaying his jewelry, his home in Swedesboro, New Jersey (which was owned by professional baseball player Jimmy Rollins), and his collection of 57 automobiles. His automobile collection included three Dodge Hellcats and four Lamborghinis, including a Power Rangers-themed one. , the channel had 820,000 subscribers and 65 million views.

Carrasquillo's home was entered by the Federal Bureau of Investigation on the morning of November 27, 2019, taking his cars, jewelry, and the money in his bank account. He was then indicted by the FBI on September 21, 2021, on 62 criminal counts, including 19 counts of public performance of a protected work and six counts of wire fraud. Facing 514 years in federal prison, he said he was innocent.

He, however, pled guilty in February 2022 and was sentenced to five and a half years of prison and fined on March 8, 2023 on charges of conspiracy, copyright infringement, fraud, money laundering, and tax evasion. His cars were sold by United States Marshals at the B&O Railroad Museum in Baltimore on October 13 and his jewelry was sold online, with the auction ending October 24.

AEW Quake by the Lake

Quake by the Lake was a two-part professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on August 10, 2022 at the Target Center in Minneapolis, Minnesota. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was called Quake by the Lake because it took place in Minnesota which is known by the nickname Land of 10,000 Lakes.

The main event of "Dynamite" saw Jon Moxley defeat Chris Jericho to retain his interim AEW World Championship. Moxley made Jericho tap out with the rear-naked choke to get the submission victory. The main event of "Rampage" saw Orange Cassidy defeat Ari Daivari. Cassidy would hit Daivari with the "Orange Punch" and get the pinfall victory.

"Dynamite" (aired live August 10)
"Rampage" (aired on tape delay August 12)

Duma (2005 movie)

Duma is a 2005 American family drama adventure movie. It is about the friendship of a young South African boy and an orphaned cheetah. The movie is based on "How It Was with Dooms" by Carol Cawthra Hopcraft and Xan Hopcraft. It was directed by Carroll Ballard. The movie stars Alexander Michaletos in his only movie role, Eamonn Walker, Campbell Scott and Hope Davis. This was Carroll Ballard's last movie his retirement.

The movie was released in theaters on April 22, 2005 by Warner Bros. Pictures, Gaylord Films and C.O.R.E. It got mostly good reviews from critics. Warner Bros only gave the movie a small release around the world. It had a limited release in the United States). The movie earned $994,790 in worldwide box office. It won the Family Feature Film at the Genesis Awards in 2006.

Alex Michaeletos as Xan Meis Meilins

Garaldine Cander as Mia Williams

Campbell Scott as Peter Meis Meilins

Hope Davis as Kristin Meis Milinss

Tom as Duma The Cheetah

Eamonn Walker as Ripkuna

Jennifer Steyn as Aunt Gwen

Steve Harris as Calvin

Tracy Morgan as Kavin Percy

Sharlto Copley as Dick


Road Rager (2021)

Road Rager (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on July 7, 2021 at the James L. Knight Center in Miami, Florida. The event aired as special episode of "Dynamite". It was the first Road Rager event to take place.

The main event saw The Young Bucks (Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) defeat Eddie Kingston and Penta El Zero Miedo in a tag team Street Fight. The Bucks would put thumbtacks into Kingston's mouth and then Matt would superkick Kingston to get the pinfall victory.

Malakai Black would make his AEW debut during the event. He would hit the Black Mass on both Cody Rhodes and Arn Anderson after Cody's match. Andrade El Idolo would also make his AEW in-ring debut during the event.

Road Rager (2022)

Road Rager (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on June 15, 2022 at the Chaifetz Arena in St. Louis, Missouri. The event aired as special episodes of "Dynamite" and "Rampage" respectively. It was the second Road Rager event to take place and was also the final one to take place.

The "Dynamite" main event saw The Young Bucks (Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson) defeat Jurassic Express (Jungle Boy and Luchasaurus) in a tag team ladder match to become the new AEW World Tag Team Champions. The "Rampage" main event saw Darby Allin defeat Bobby Fish. Allin would roll out of Fish's ankle lock and put Fish in the "Last Supper" to get the pinfall victory.

"Dynamite" (aired June 15)
"Rampage" (aired June 17)

Guiguinto

Guiguinto, officially the Municipality of Guiguinto (), is a municipality in the province of Bulacan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, it has a population of 113,415 people.

Guiguinto is one of the fast-growing municipalities. From a predominating agricultural economy, it gradually urbanized and developed. Guiguinto is 34 kilometers (21 mi) from Manila and 11 kilometers (6.8 mi) from Malolos.

It is the birthplace of composer Constancio De Guzman, known for writing songs like Maalaala Mo Kaya. It also houses the Immaculate Conception Seminary, a Diocesan Seminary of the Diocese of Malolos located in barangay Tabe. The appellation “Guiguinto” literally translates to “Gold” (ginto for Tagalog, gintu for Kapampangan) for the early conquistadores came and saw this town on a harvest season when it lushes in golden rice stalks against the sun.

The Judgment Day

The Judgment Day is a heel professional wrestling stable in the WWE. They are a part of the Raw brand. The members of the group are Damian Priest, Rhea Ripley, Finn Bálor, "Dirty" Dominik Mysterio and JD McDonagh. Ripley is the current Women’s World Champion. Bálor and Priest are the Undisputed WWE Tag Team Champions in their second reign with both the Raw Tag Team Championship and SmackDown Tag Team Championship. Priest is also the 2023 Men's Money in the Bank winner.

The stable was created in 2022. It was led by Edge. It had a dark gothic/supernatural theme. Edge was removed from the group after Bálor joined. The supernatural elements became less after Edge left. The group changed into more of a street thug/goth bully group. In 2023, Bálor added his real-life student and recent NXT call-up, JD McDonagh. He joined the group and started to help them in their matches. R-Truth has tried to join them since December, but he is not seen as an official member of the group.

The Rising (Bruce Springsteen song)

"The Rising" is a 2002 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the title track to his 12th studio album "The Rising". It went to number 52 in the United States, number 94 in the United Kingdom, number 6 in Italy, number 39 in the Netherlands, number 5 in Norway, number 10 in Sweden and number 9 in Spain and Romania and won 2 Grammy Awards in 2003. It was covered by Heart for Joe Biden 2020 presidential campaign. It was written from the September 11, 2001 attacks.

Banco Itaú (Argentina)

Banco Itaú was an Argentine banking entity owned by Banco Itaú. It was the Argentine subsidiary of the Brazilian bank Itaú Unibanco, founded in 1998 after the purchase of Banco del Buen Ayre. The entity had 99 bank branches and 140 ATMs throughout the country and more than 400,000 clients. On November 2, 2023, after the approval of the BCRA, the entity officially passed into the hands of Banco Macro and was renamed Macro BMA.

Banco Itaú

Banco Itaú S.A was a Brazilian bank, headquartered in São Paulo, in the state of the same name. Founded in 1945, in 2008 it merged with Unibanco, creating the banking conglomerate Itaú Unibanco.

Banco Itaú was founded in 1945 under the name Banco Central de Crédito; It later changed its name to Banco Federal de Crédito. In 1964, Banco Federal Itaú SA was formed as a result of the merger of Banco Federal de Crédito and Banco Itaú, a rural bank belonging to a group originating in Itaú de Minas, in the state of Minas Gerais. Already In the late 1960s, Banco Itaú acquired Banco Sul Americano (1966) and Banco da América (1969).

In the 1970s it merged with Banco Aliança de Rio de Janeiro (1973), Banco Português do Brasil (1974) and Banco União Comercial (1974). In 1979 it opened its first operations abroad with a representative office in New York City and a subsidiary in Buenos Aires.

Claude Rohla

Claude Rohla (9 November 1951 – 20 September 2011) was a Luxembourgian archer. Rohla competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Nelly Wies-Weyrich

Nelly Wies-Weyrich (10 May 1933 – 5 July 2019) was a Luxembourgian archer. Wies-Weyrich competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Areneo David

Areneo David (born 6 June 1995) is a Malawian competitive archer. David competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

1914-15 Austrian football championship

The 1914-15 Austrian football championship was the first season of the Austrian Bundesliga during the First World war. 

All football games were canceled in August 1914, including the autumn championship that had already been drawn. The team's players disappeared into the military troops. It was decided to hold the competition in just one round in the spring of 1915. The sporting value remains questionable. Some clubs were obviously able to "manage" to get their players back from the front in time of a match. Others (especially the Wiener Sport-Club) had almost all of their players in the war and played most of their games with youth teams.

Wiener AC won the title for the first time.

Piracicaba

Piracicaba ( or ) is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. In 2022, 423,323 people lived here. Its area is 1,378.07 km².

The city is an important and traditional producer of sugarcane.

List of Lesotho Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Lesotho Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Lesotho after playing their first match against Eswatini on 16 October 2021.

Johann Kaps

Johann Kaps (25 September 1895 - 7 April 1966 ) was an Austrian football player . He played for Wiener AC and was part of the team which won the first title for WAC.

He also was a politician. In 1934 Kaps was arrested for political activity for the Social Democrats. He was interned in the Wöllersdorf detention camp for several months, where his teeth were also broken. From 1945 to 1964 he was member of the Vienna City Council.

Bangued

Bangued is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Abra. According to the 2020 census, 50,382 people lived there.

Santiago, Agusan del Norte

Santiago is a municipality in the province of Agusan del Norte, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 28,657 people lived there.

Cabadbaran

Cabadbaran is a city and "de jure" capital of the province of Agusan del Norte, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 80,354 people lived there.

Butuan

Butuan is a city in the Philippines. It is the "de facto" capital of the province of Agusan del Norte. According to the 2020 census, 372,910 people lived there.

Santiago, Ilocos Sur

Santiago, officially the Municipality of Santiago (; ), is a municipality in the province of Ilocos Sur, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 19,471 people lived there.

Santiago has 24 barangays:

Dasmariñas

Dasmariñas is a city in the province of Cavite, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 703,141 people lived there.

Quezon

Quezon is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Calabarzon region. The capital is Lucena.

Quezon has 2 Cities and 39 Municipalities.

Cities


Municipalities (Towns)


Castel Bolognese

Castel Bolognese is a "comune" in the Province of Ravenna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Riolo Terme

Riolo Terme is a "comune" in the Province of Ravenna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy. It is about southeast of Bologna and about southwest of Ravenna. The main attraction are the thermal baths.

Until 1957, it was known as Riolo dei Bagni (Riolo of the Baths).

Riolo Terme is next to these municipalities: Borgo Tossignano, Brisighella, Casola Valsenio, Castel Bolognese, Faenza and Imola. It has 5 hamlets ("frazioni"): Borgo Rivola, Cuffiano, Isola, Mazzolano and Torranello.

Riolo Terme is twinned with:


Brisighella

Brisighella is a "comune" in the province of Ravenna in the Emilia-Romagna region in northeast Italy.

List of Kuwait Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Kuwait Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Kuwait after playing their first match in 2019.

Pencilmation

Pencilmation is an American animated comedy web series created by Ross Bollinger. It was originally a personal project in 2004, but gained popularity in 2009 after it was uploaded to YouTube. While it started out with him as the sole creator, he later recruited other people around the world to help produce the series. The premise is living doodles going about their lives, made more difficult by the Pencil that changes things up.

WAGR Ka class (diesel)

The WAGR Ka class were a total of 3 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1974 to 1995.

The Ka class resulted from fitting standard gauge bogies to Ra class locomotives mainly for service on the Coolgardie to Esperance line. Which due to large amounts of salt and nickel traffic was converted to standard gauge.

All Ra were withdrawn from 1990 to 1991, with one Ka class lasting in service until 1995. No. 211 is used as a testing unit at UGL Rail's Bassendean plant, while No. 212 was scrapped at Bellevue in 2016. No. 213 was converted back to an Ra class in 1985 (regaining the number 1918), and it is now displayed at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 1)

The first series of I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! was broadcast on ITV from 25 August to 8 September 2002. Ant & Dec presented the main show on ITV, whilst Louise Loughman hosted the spin-off show "" on ITV2. The winner of this series was radio DJ Tony Blackburn.

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! (British series 2)

The second series of I'm a Celebrity... Get Me out of Here! was broadcast on ITV from 28 April to 12 May 2003. Ant & Dec presented the main show on ITV, whilst Mark Durden-Smith and former contestant Tara Palmer-Tomkinson hosted the spin-off show "" on ITV2.

The series was sponsored by the energy drink V.

I’m a Celebrity…Get Me Out of Here! (British TV series 18)

I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here! returned for its eighteenth series on 18 November 2018 on ITV, as confirmed by Ant & Dec at the end of the Coming Out show in December 2017.

On 9 August 2018, Anthony McPartlin confirmed that he would not be presenting the then upcoming eighteenth series. On 29 August, it was confirmed that Holly Willoughby would host the eighteenth series with Declan Donnelly whilst McPartlin took a year long break from television. The series opener was watched by just over 14 million people, giving the show its highest rating since the third series in 2004. The show was watched by an average of 12.18 million people a night, making it the most watched series of the show ever.

The series ended on 9 December 2018 and was won by Harry Redknapp, who was crowned the next 'King of the Jungle', becoming the show's oldest winner and the first male winner since Carl Fogarty in 2014. Emily Atack finished as the runner-up.
As Long as You Love Me

"As Long as You Love Me" is a 1997 song by American boy band Backstreet Boys. It is from their US debut studio album and their second international studio album. It topped the single charts in Lithuania, New Zealand, Romania and Zimbabwe and made the top 5 in Australia, Austria, Belgium, Canada, Denmark, Germany, Honduras, Hungary, the Netherlands, Norway, Spain, Sweden, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.

The music video represents the Backstreet Boys performing an audition for six women.

Lifelong Connect

Lifelong Connect is a Nigerian start-up industry headquartered in Anambra State and was founded by Charles Ndukauba in 2022.

Lifelong Connect was established by Charles Ndukauba and incorporated in the year 2022.  In 2023, it is an app based tool that tracks the nutritional status of a body.

Lifelong Connect has expressed its goal of becoming the first African health technological company to solve neglected malnutrition problem.

Demons (Imagine Dragons song)

"Demons" is a 2013 song by American pop rock band Imagine Dragons and is the fourth single from their debut studio album "Night Visions" (2012). It went to the top 10 in Austria, Belgium, Brazil, Canada, the Czech Republic, Italy, Lebanon, Poland, Slovakia, Sweden, Switzerland and the United States.

2023 Iceland earthquakes

A lot of earthquakes started happening in the Reykjanes Peninsula in southeast Iceland on 24 October 2023. This was because hot molten rock called magma was moving beneath the ground in that area. The earthquakes became more frequent and powerful on November 10, with 20,000 tremors counted by November 10. The biggest one was stronger than magnitude 5.1. People were told to leave the town of Grindavík, which was close to where the ground was shaking a lot.

While earthquakes happen a lot in Iceland because the island is located where the Eurasian and North American tectonic plates meet, the recent group of earthquakes was noticed to be larger than usual. Since 2021, there have been three volcanic eruptions in the Reykjanes Peninsula.

The 2023 earthquakes is connected to a molten rock intrusion, estimated to be about 15 kilometers long, extending in a southwest direction from Kálfellsheiði. It follows the Sundhnúkur crater chain at a depth of approximately 800 meters. The largest quake started beneath the Sundhnúkur craters but then moved southwest, passing under Grindavik and reaching the sea. The town is located on lava that erupted from Sundhnúkur around 2,350 years ago. It is one of six communities on the peninsula situated on or near a crack where eruptions happened.

On October 13, the Icelandic Meteorological Office (IMO", Icelandic: Veðurstofa Íslands") initially said there might be a magma intrusion near the active volcano Fagradalsfjall on the Reykjanes Peninsula. Before that, around 700 earthquakes were noted earlier in the month, with the biggest one measuring magnitude 3.3.

A bunch of earthquakes started on the evening of October 24 because of the hot molten rock moving underground. The earthquakes became less strong by October 30. Around 8,000 earthquakes were found, and most of them happened about 2 to 4 kilometers below the surface.

The largest earthquake had a magnitude of 5.1. The shaking ground got a lot of attention from global media. The Icelandic Meteorological Office (IMO) said there's a high chance of an eruption, mentioning that it would take several days, not just hours, for the hot molten rock to reach the surface.

At 22:17 local time GMT on 18 December 2023, a volcanic eruption occurred at the Sundhnúkur volcano, north of the town of Grindavík, with lava spewing from fissures in the ground. The intensity of the eruption and accompanying earthquake activity decreased early on 19 December 2023, with lava seen spreading from both sides of the newly opened fissures. The eruption was described as the largest in the Reykjanes Peninsula since the beginning of the first volcanic eruption in 2021, with lava fountains, up to high, and was visible as far away as the capital Reykjavík, away. The eruption ended on 21 December 2023, after the Icelandic Meteorological Office (IMO) said no lava was erupting after a flight over the volcano, but clarified that it was "too early to declare the eruption over." Sundhnúkur is a crater row and currently active volcanic fissure that is part of the Reykjanes Peninsula rift zone.

The people in charge of the Blue Lagoon said they are closing the place to visitors from November 9 to 16 as a safety measure after the earthquakes. There was fear when rocks from the earthquakes fell onto roads nearby, and 30 guests left the resort after a 4.8 tremor on the early morning of November 9.

After the 5.1 earthquake happened on November 10, a road north of Grindavík was harmed and then closed by the police. A big crack showed up on the land of the town's golf course. A state of emergency was announced, and evacuation plans for Grindavík were started that evening. The Icelandic civil protection authority sent the patrol boat Thor to the area for safety reasons. They also shut down all roads to Grindavik, except for emergencies and evacuations.

Sumit Arora

Sumit Arora is an Indian writer, screenwriter and director who primarily works in Hindi films and television. He has written for various TV shows, including Dill Mill Gayye (season 2) and 24. He also written dialogues for several films, such as Stree, 83 and Jawan. He won Star Screen Awards and Zee Cine Awards for Best Dialogue for Stree.

Sumit Arora started his career with television and wrote dialogues for many TV shows like Dill Mill Gayye, Chhoona Hai Aasmaan. He then ventured into films and web series, writing for Selection Day, The Family Man, Dahaad and Guns & Gulaabs. He has also penned dialogues for films like Stree, Ginny Weds Sunny, 83 and Jawan.
 

1984 anti-Sikh riots

The 1984 anti-Sikh riots, also known as the 1984 Sikh massacre, were a series of organised pogroms against Sikhs in India following the Assassination of Indira Gandhi by her Sikh bodyguards. Government estimates project that about 2,800 Sikhs were killed in and 3,350 nationwide, whilst other sources estimate the number of deaths at about 8,000–17,000.

Sullenberger Aviation Museum

The Sullenberger Aviation Museum formerly Carolinas Aviation Museum is a museum located in Charlotte, North Carolina. It holds some of the famous planes that flew. The most famous one was US Airways Flight 1549, AKA the Miracle on the Hudson River.

In 1991, Floyd and Lois P. Wilson founded the Carolinas Aviation Museum.

In 2010, The state of New York gave the museum the Plane that was Flight 1549.

Armand Duplantis

Armand Gustav "Mondo" Duplantis (born 10 November 1999) is a Swedish-American pole vaulter, the current world outdoor and indoor record holder ( and ), the current Olympic and two time World outdoor (2022 and 2023) and one-time indoor champion, the current European champion, and the current Diamond League champion. He won the silver medal at the 2019 World Championships. Duplantis is a two-time European champion from 2018, when he set current world under-20 record, and from 2022.

Information from World Athletics profile.

Garima Arora

Garima Arora is an Indian chef. In November 2018, she became the first Indian woman to win a Michelin star.

Arora grew up in Mumbai, and is of Punjabi Arora family. She initially pursued a career in journalism before becoming a chef.

In 2008, she left for France. She studied at Le Cordon Bleu in Paris and graduated in 2010. She worked with Chef Gaggan Anand, Gordon Ramsay and René Redzepi of Noma in Copenhagen before opening her own restaurant, "Gaa", in Bangkok in April 2017. "Gaa" is a three-storey restaurant that celebrates a modern tasting menu using traditional Indian techniques.

Rishab Chadha

Rishab Chadha is an Indian actor who often appears in Hindi films, shows on Indian television and web series. He is best known his roles in "Drishyam", "Khoobsurat", "Lupt" and "Aadat Se Majboor".

Rishab Chadha was born on 20 June 1994 in Mumbai, Maharashtra. He completed his schooling from Gopal Sharma Memorial School and graduated from R. D. National College, Bandra with a degree in BMM.


Nalinaksha Roy

Raja Nalinaksha Roy (6 June 1902 – 7 October 1951) was the 49th Raja of the Chakma Circle.

Roy married Rani Benita Roy (1905–1990) née Sen, the daughter of Barrister Saral Sen and granddaughter of "Brahmanand" Keshub Chandra Sen, a Bengali Hindu social reformer from Brahma Samaj. He was installed as Chakma Raja on 7 March 1935.

Jhonen Vasquez

Jhonen C. Vasquez (; born September 1, 1974) is an American cartoonist, animator, writer, producer, and director. He is best known for creating the comic book "Johnny the Homicidal Maniac"—along with its spin-off comics "Squee!", "Fillerbunny", and "I Feel Sick"—and the Nickelodeon animated series "Invader Zim".



Ganesh Venkatraman

Ganesh Venkatraman is an Indian actor who works in Tamil and Telugu movies. He had acted in Radha Mohan's "Abhiyum Naanum" (2008), before working in "Unnaipol Oruvan" (2009) and "Kandahar" (2010).

Rahul Yadav (cricketer)

Rahul Yadav (born 15 January 1989) is an Indian cricketer. He plays first-class cricket for Delhi. He was also member of Kolkata Knight Riders in IPL 2009


Bayou Corne, Louisiana

Bayou Corne is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Assumption Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Ramanathaswamy Temple

Ramanathaswamy Temple ("Rāmanātasvāmi Kōyil") is a Hindu temple dedicated to the Hindu god Shiva located on Rameswaram island in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. It is also one of the twelve Jyotirlinga temples. It is one of the 275 Paadal Petra Sthalams, where Nayanars (Saivite saints), Appar, Sundarar and Tirugnana Sambandar, have glorified the temple with their songs. The temple was expanded during the 12th century by the Pandya Dynasty, and its principal shrine’s sanctum was renovated by Jeyaveera Cinkaiariyan and his successor Gunaveera Cinkaiariyan.

The temple priests are Marathi Brahmins of Maharashtra who get "Diksha" from Sringeri Mutt. A shortage of priests has been reported in recent years as there are only five priests to manage the 13 shrines within the temple. The shortage is more pronounced during the 12-day Maha Shivaratri festival when the festival deities of the temple are taken in procession.


Jean-François Delacroix

Jean-François de Lacroix was a French politician and member of the Committee of Public Safety. He was known as "Lacroix of Eure-et-Loir" and was guillotined in 1794. He was the 2nd President of the National Convention.

Versailles, Missouri

Versailles is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is the county seat of Morgan County.

Waynesville, Missouri

Waynesville is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri. It is the county seat of Pulaski County.

Askold and Dir

Askold and Dir were supposed to have been rulers of Kiev, in the 9th century. They are mentioned in a text from c. 1113.

Al-Masudi (d. 956), a historian, wrote that "king al-Dir [Dayr] was the first among the kings of the "Slavs"". The historian's works, has made (other) historians think that Dir ruled after Askold, mainly in the 870—880s; Furthermore, when Prince Oleg's soldier went into Kyiv, then Dir was killed; Askold had died earlier.

Republican National Convention

The Republican National Convention (RNC) is a series of presidential nominating conventions held every four years since 1856 by the Republican Party in the United States. They are ran by the Republican National Committee. The goal of the convention is to officially nominate and confirm a candidate for president and vice president and approve a party platform.

Delegates from all fifty U.S. states and from American territories, including Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, attend the convention and cast their votes.

Richland, Missouri

Richland is a city in Camden, Laclede and Pulaski counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Laurie, Missouri

Laurie is a village in Camden and Morgan counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Stoutland, Missouri

Stoutland is a village in Camden and Laclede counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Sunrise Beach, Missouri

Sunrise Beach is a village in Camden and Morgan counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Village of Four Seasons, Missouri

Village of Four Seasons is a village in Camden County, Missouri, United States.

Scott City, Missouri

Scott City is a city in Cape Girardeau and Scott counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Allenville, Missouri

Allenville is a village in Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, United States.

Gordonville, Missouri

Gordonville is a village in Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, United States.

Oak Ridge, Missouri

Oak Ridge is a village in Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, United States.

Old Appleton, Missouri

Old Appleton is a village in Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, United States.

Pocahontas, Missouri

Pocahontas is a village in Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, United States.

Whitewater, Missouri

Whitewater is a village in Cape Girardeau County, Missouri, United States.

Tina, Missouri

Tina is a village in Carroll County, Missouri, United States.

Jerico Springs, Missouri

Jerico Springs is a village in Cedar County, Missouri, United States.

Umber View Heights, Missouri

Umber View Heights is a village in Cedar County, Missouri, United States.

Dalton, Missouri

Dalton is a village in Chariton County, Missouri, United States.

Rothville, Missouri

Rothville is a village in Chariton County, Missouri, United States.

Jarnac

Jarnac is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Charente department in southwest France.

It is the birthplace and resting place of François Mitterrand, President of France (1981–1995).

Jarnac is on the river Charente.

In 1569, it was the site of the Battle of Jarnac.

Daet

Daet is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Camarines Norte. According to the 2020 census, 111,700 people lived there.

Mercedes, Camarines Norte

Mercedes is a municipality in the province of Camarines Norte, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 55,334 people lived there.

Sorsogon City

Sorsogon City is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Sorsogon. According to the 2020 census, 182,237 people lived there.

Shapewear

Shapewear is the name for special clothes that form the human body so that it is closer to some beauty standard. Most of the time it is underwear. People often wear it as their main clothing. These clothes are also known as foundation garments or shaping underwear. Originally, shapewear was developed for plus-size models, but now it is also available in other sizes.

Wolford

Wolford is a company specializing in clothing, tights, bodysuits and underwear. It also sells women's accessories. Its headquarters are in Bregenz, on Lake Constance. The company was founded in 1950. 

Wolford is also known for its cooperation with well-known photographers, who produce its advertising materials. It has also cooperated with well-known fashion designers such as Karl Lagerfeld or Vivienne Westwood. 

Sandra Kim

Sandra Caldarone (born 15 October 1972), better known as Sandra Kim, is a Belgian-Italian singer. She won the Eurovision Song Contest 1986, representing Belgium with the song "J'aime la vie". She was 13 years old at the time of her win, making her the youngest ever Eurovision winner.

She has made television appearances as a contestant on the Belgian "Masked Singer" and a judge on "Drag Race Belgium."

Bucks Fizz

Bucks Fizz were an English pop group who were popular during the 1980s. They became famous after they represented the United Kingdom at the Eurovision Song Contest 1981, winning with the song "Making Your Mind Up".

The members of the group have changed several times. The original members were Bobby G, Mike Nolan, Cheryl Baker and Jay Aston.

St. Patrick's Day Slam (2021)

St. Patrick's Day Slam (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on March 10, 2021 at the Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as special episode of "Dynamite". It was the first St. Patrick's Day Slam event to take place.

The main event of the show saw Thunder Rosa defeated Dr. Britt Baker, D.M.D. in a Unsanctioned Lights Out match. Rosa would hit Baker with a "Fire Thunder Driver" through the table to get the victory. It was very well recieved and was also the very first time that women had headlined an event in AEW.

St. Patrick's Day Slam (2022)

St. Patrick's Day Slam (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on March 16, 2022 at the Freeman Coliseum in San Antonio, Texas. The event aired as special episode of "Dynamite". It was the second St. Patrick's Day Slam event to take place.

The main event of the show saw Thunder Rosa defeated Dr. Britt Baker, D.M.D. in a Steel Cage match to become the new AEW Women's World Champion. Rosa would hit Baker with the "Thunder Driver Slam" and get the pinfall victory to become the new champion in her adoptive hometown of San Antonio. 

St. Patrick's Day Slam (2023)

St. Patrick's Day Slam (2023) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on March 15, 2023 at the Canada Life Centre in Winnipeg, Manitoba. The event aired as special episode of "Rampage" on March 17, 2023. It was the third St. Patrick's Day Slam event to take place.

The main event of the show saw Daniel Garcia defeat Brody King. Garcia would end up distracting the referee and Jericho hit King with a baseball bat. Garcia would then put King in a modified version of the Dragon Sleeper and got the victory by technical knockout. 

Akmal Nor Hasrin

Muhammad Akmal bin Nor Hasrin (born 15 July 1995) is a Malaysian archer. Nor Hasrin competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Cheng Chu Sian

Cheng Chu Sian (born 1 March 1986) is an archer from Malaysia. Chu Sian competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Winter Is Coming (2020)

Winter Is Coming (2020) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 2, 2020 at the Daily's Place in Jacksonville, Florida. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the first Winter Is Coming event to take place.

The main event of the show saw Kenny Omega defeat Jon Moxley to become the new AEW World Champion. During the match, Omega would turn heel after Don Callis got up from the commentary booth and distracted Jon Moxley. When Moxley turned around, Omega would end up hiting him in the head with a microphone and getting the pinfall victory to become the new champion.

The event also saw the AEW debut of Sting. Sting came out after Darby Allin's match and saved him from a beatdown by Team Taz. Sting was announced to have signed a multi-year contract with All Elite Wrestling afterwards.

Winter Is Coming (2021)

Winter Is Coming (2021) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 15, 2021 at Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the second Winter Is Coming event to take place.

The main event of the show saw MJF defeated Dante Martin to win the AEW Dynamite Diamond Ring. MJF would put Martin in his "Salt of the Earth" armbar and make Martin tap out to win the match and the AEW Dynamite Diamond Ring for the third year in a row.

The opening match between "Hangman" Adam Page and Bryan Danielson would go to a one-hour time limit draw. The match would recieved praise from fans and critics and Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" would give the match 5 out of 5 stars.

London Missionary Society

The London Missionary Society was an evangelical missionary society formed in England in 1795 prompted by Welsh Congregationalist minister Edward Williams.

Winter Is Coming (2022)

Winter Is Coming (2022) was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on December 14, 2022 at Curtis Culwell Center in Garland, Texas. The event aired as a special episode of "Dynamite". It was the third Winter Is Coming event to take place.

The main event of the show saw MJF defeat Ricky Starks in a Winner Takes All match for both MJF's AEW World Championship and Starks's AEW Dynamite Diamond Ring. MJF would pull the referee in front of him and then shove the referee away. MJF would then kick Starks in the groin when the referee's back was turned and get the pinfall victory to retain his AEW World Championship and get Starks's AEW Dynamite Diamond Ring.

Paignton

Paignton ( ) is a town in Devon, England. It is on the coast of Tor Bay. Together with Torquay and Brixham, it forms the borough of Torbay. The borough was created in 1968. The Torbay area is a holiday destination. It is called the English Riviera. Paignton began as a Celtic settlement. It was first mentioned in 1086. The town grew as a small fishing village. A harbour was built in 1847. A railway line was opened to passengers in 1859. This created links to Torquay and London. As more people started to live there, it joined with the villages of Goodrington and Preston. Paignton is about north east of Plymouth and south of Exeter.

Karl Heinlein

Karl Heinlein (25 April 1892 - 2 May 1960 ) was an Austrian football player and coach. He played for Wiener AC as midfielder. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
He played for Wiener AC and was part of the team which won in the 1914-15 season the Austrian championship for WAC.
He made his national team debut on 26 December 1917 in in Zurich against Switzerland. His second international match was on 6 April 1919 in Budapest under Hugo Meisl against Hungary.
Heinlein coached CE Europa in Barcelona, ​​Hakoah Vienna and then from 1929 to 1931 Holstein Kiel. He then signed with FSV Frankfurt. Later he worked for Hassia Bingen and then, FC Luzern, Wacker Wien and FC Nancy. After the Second World war he coached Floridsdorfer AC

WAGR L class (diesel)

The WAGR L class were a total of 27 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1967 to 2000.

The L class were built from 1967 to 1973 by Clyde Engineering of Granville, Sydney, New South Wales and Eagle Farm, Brisbane, Queensland as well as Commonwealth Engineering of Rocklea, Brisbane, Queensland. They were introduced onto the Eastern Goldfields Railway, and at the time were the largest locomotive operated by a government railway system.

The L class initially served on iron ore traffic from Koolyanobbing to Kwinana. They also ran the "Indian Pacific", however after discovering the damage the class posed to the track at higher speeds, they were promptly removed from passenger trains altogether. Withdrawals began in 1997, with multiple being sold off until 2000 when Westrail itself was sold off. 8 L class have been scrapped with 15 withdrawn, and 3 remaining in service.

Two-party-preferred vote

Two-party preferred vote is a system of electing someone for a political office. It is mainly used in Australia. The idea is that there at some stage in the voting process, there are two candidates. If there are more than two candidates, all except the best two will be eliminated. Their votes will be distributed on those of the remaining two candidates.

WAGR Lw class (diesel)

The WAGR Lw class was a single diesel-electric locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1994 to 1997/8.

The Lw was the result of Comalco selling their R class No. 1002 to Westrail in 1994, it was renumbered 276 and reclassified as Lw, due to differing from the standard L class. Around 1997 it was sold off initially to be used for spare parts.

Currently, the locomotive is numbered LZ3120 under Aurizon, who after withdrawing it, reactivated it in 2021 for grain traffic in New South Wales. It returned back to Western Australia in late 2022.

Tunnel of Love (Bruce Springsteen song)

"Tunnel of Love" is a 1987 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the title track to his eighth studio album "Tunnel of Love". It went to number 9 in the United States, number 45 in the United Kingdom, number 17 in Canada, number 22 in Ireland, number 48 in New Zealand and number 39 in the Netherlands.

ZooMontana

ZooMontana is a zoo located in Billings, Montana, United States and is Montana's only zoo and botanical garden. It currently has nearly 100 animals, representing 58 species. These animals all live in habitats designed to imitate their natural habitats.
The zoo was established in 1992 as a nonprofit organization. It focuses on year-round wildlife native to Montana, the Rocky Mountains, and other cold temperature regions at or above the 45th parallel. Indoor habitats include animals from around the world. The zoo gets over 80,000 visitors per year.


Karaganda

Karaganda or Qaraghandy is a city in Kazakhstan, the center of the Karaganda Region. It has a population of 515,819 people (as of 2023).

Karaganda is now one of Kazakhstan's biggest centers for industry, economy, science, and culture.

The place was founded in 1856 as a copper mining village. In the 1930s, construction of the city of Karaganda started due to the development of coal nearby. On February 10, 1934, Karaganda became a city.
In 1984, in the year when Karaganda became 50 years old, the government awarded the city the Order of the Red Banner of Labour ().

Karaganda, like all of Central Kazakhstan, has a continental climate. This means that the winters here are very cold and the summers are very hot. The city's average annual temperature is 3.6 °C (38.4 °F). 

Sanction

A sanction is usually a restriction imposed by law or political power. The word is ambiguous. 

Sanctions can be agreed by international organisations, but are more commonly unilateral sanctions that are imposed by individual countries. They may affect a whole country or just individuals or groups of people. There is no real agreement on whether sanctions work.

The term sanction does not include military force.

The same word can be used for restrictions imposed by the courts.

Swing (politics)

When people talk about elections, or votes, they use the term swing, to say how much a result changed, compared to the last vote or election. Very often, a swing is done based on the party, and not the candidate. The candidates of a party may change between elections. Usually, the results are published as graphics, to say so many voters that used to elect a candidate from one party now pick a candidate from another. 

When electing an US president, there are states, that only have a few votes, but where these few votes often change the result. These are known as swing states.

Undecene

Undecene is an alkene with a molecular formula. The prefix "Undec" is derived from the fact that there are 11(eleven) carbon atoms in the molecule, while the "-ene" suffix denotes that there is an alkene present—two carbon atoms are connected via a double bond. It is the tenth member of the homologous series of alkenes.

Charter township

A charter township is a type of local government in the U.S. state of Michigan. Townships in Michigan are organized governments. A charter township has been granted a charter, which allows it certain abilities of home rule that are usually between those of a city (a semi-autonomous jurisdiction in Michigan) and a village. Unless it is a home-rule village, a village is subject to the authority of any township in which it is located.

Kristian Kostov

Kristian Konstantinov Kostov (born 15 March 2000) is a Bulgarian-Kazakh singer born in Moscow. He has taken part in several competitions including "The Voice Kids Russia", "X Factor Bulgaria" and the Eurovision Song Contest 2017, where represented Bulgaria with the song "Beautiful Mess", finishing in second place.

Holland Charter Township, Michigan

Holland Charter Township is a charter township of Ottawa County in the U.S. state of Michigan. 38,276 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Spring Lake, Michigan

Spring Lake is a village in Ottawa County, Michigan, United States.

Jamestown Charter Township, Michigan

Jamestown Charter Township is a charter township of Ottawa County in the U.S. state of Michigan. 9,630 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Silver City (1951 movie)

Silver City is a 1951 American Western movie directed by Byron Haskin and starring Edmond O'Brien, Yvonne De Carlo, Barry Fitzgerald. It was adapted from the 1947 novel "High Vermilion" by Luke Short and was released under that title in the UK. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Other People's Children

Other People's Children ( translit. "Skhvisi shvilebi", ) is a 1958 Georgian black-and-white drama movie directed by Tengiz Abuladze and starring Tsitsino Tsitsishvili, Otar Koberidze, Asmat Qandaurashvili.

Yucca Valley, California

Yucca Valley is a town in San Bernardino County, California. 20,700 people lived here at the 2010 census. It is bordered to the south by the Joshua Tree National Park and to the west by the San Bernardino Mountains.

Bafatá

Bafatá is a town in central Guinea-Bissau. It is the capital of Bafatá Region. In 2008, 22,501 people lived there.

The town is known as the birthplace of Amílcar Cabral. It is noted for its brickmaking.

Gabú

Gabú is a city in eastern Guinea-Bissau. It is capital of the Gabu Region.

La Seu d'Urgell

La Seu d'Urgell is a city in the north of Catalonia, close to Andorra. About 13.000 people live there. The city has a long history, and at times was the seat of a bishop. It was founded by the Romans as Orgelia about 180 BC.

Valkeala

Valkeala is a former municipality in Kymenlaakso, Finland. In 2003, 11,238 people lived there. It has an area of 1,004.40 km². In 2009, the six municipalities Anjalankoski, Elimäki, Jaala, Kouvola, Kuusankoski and Valkeala were merged to form the city of Kouvola.

Valkeala is known for Repovesi National Park.

Otjiwarongo

Otjiwarongo () is a city in Namibia. It is the district capital of the Otjiwarongo electoral constituency and also the capital of the Otjozondjupa Region. About 28,000 people live there.

Valuyki, Belgorod Oblast

Valuyki () is a town in Belgorod Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 35,322 people lived there.

Grayvoron

Grayvoron () is a town in Belgorod Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 6,234 people lived there.

Neftegorsk, Samara Oblast

Neftegorsk () is a town in Samara Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 19,254 people lived there.

Novokuybyshevsk

Novokuybyshevsk () is a city in Samara Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 108,438 people lived there.

Siege of Erzurum

Siege of Erzurum was a campaign siege initiated by Enver Pasha.

On March 12, Kazim Karabekir who was in charge of the eastern front appeared in front of Erzurum with his army and began the siege, due to lack of food and Andranik could not exploit these guerrilla capabilities the Armenians were forced to retreat. withdraw from Erzurum, this is how the Turks re-occupied Erzurum after 2 years of Russian occupation.

Pseudophilautus auratus

Pseudophilautus auratus is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. It lives in forests where the branches of the trees meet and look like a roof. It lives in Sinharaja World Heritage Site and Kanneliya Forest. People have seen it between 513 and 1270 meters above sea level.

Bassano del Grappa

Bassano del Grappa ( or "Bassan") is an Italian city in Veneto. It is in the Province of Vicenza. About 43,500 people live there. There are many distilleries of Grappa in and around the city. The name of the city is unrelated to the spirit though. A local mountain nearby is called Monte Grappa. The place name can be rougly translated as "plains of (Mount) Grappa". 

During the First World War, there were many battles there. In the 1930s, Fascists under Mussolini built the Sacrario Militare del Monte Grappa, to honor those who fought in the war, and didn't survive. The Battle of Vittorio Veneto was fought there. Today, Monte Grappa it is a well-known spot for paragliders. 

Painter Jacopo Bassano was born and died in Bassano del Grappa.

Noventa Vicentina

Noventa Vicentina is a "comune" in the Province of Vicenza in the Veneto region in Italy.

Sanu Sharma

Sanu Sharma is a writer from Nepal who lives in Australia. She writes novels and short stories in the Nepali language. She's written seven novels and a collection of short stories.
Sanu Sharma was born in Kathmandu, Nepal, and grew up in both Kathmandu and Terai.
Sanu Sharma published her first novel, 'Ardhaviram,' in 2003, and her second, 'Jeetko Paribhasha,' in 2010. Her third novel, 'Artha,' came out in 2011.

In 2017, she published her fourth novel, 'Biplavi,' and in 2018, her fifth book, 'Ekadeshmaa,' a collection of short stories. This book got a lot of attention and was nominated for a big Nepali literary award called the Madan Puraskar. After the success of 'Ekadeshmaa,' she wrote 'Utsarga' in 2021 and 'Pharak' in 2022. In 2023, her seventh novel, 'Tee Saat Din,' was published.

Sanu Sharma is also a poet, lyricist, and writes Ghazals. Her work has been featured in various publications and translated into other languages.

Novels

Short story collection

Collaborative collection of Ghazals


 

Misamis Occidental

Misamis Occidental is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Northern Mindanao region. The capital is Oroquieta.

Lanao del Norte

Lanao del Norte is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Northern Mindanao region. The capital is Tubod.

Nabunturan

Nabunturan is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Davao de Oro. According to the 2020 census, 84,340 people lived there.

Crossodactylus schmidti

Schmidt's spinythumb frog ("Crossodactylus schmidti") is a frog. It lives in Argentina, Paraguay, and Brazil. People have seen it between 300 and 750 meters above sea level.

Zhenya Savicheva

Yevgenia Savicheva (1909 – 28 December 1941), known as Zhenya Savicheva, was a Soviet woman who was the elder sister to Tanya Savicheva, a Soviet girl who kept a diary during the besieged Leningrad.

Zhenya Savicheva was born in 1909, the eldest of five children. She was the daughter of Nikolai Rodionovich Savichev (father) and Mariya Ignatievna Savicheva (née Fedorova) (mother).
Leningrad was besieged by the Germans on 8 September 1941 during the German invasion of the Soviet Union (which started on 22 June 1941). Zhenya Savicheva and her family were one of many families who lived in Leningrad, and who continued to live there when it was besieged by the Germans. 

In December 1941, Zhenya Savicheva walked almost seven kilometres to her workplace, every day. She worked in a factory which made weapons used to fight the Germans. She would work tirelessly at her workplace from morning to evening. Then, after she left work, she would donate her blood to injured Soviet Red Army soldiers. She continued this every day. On the morning hours of 28 December 1941, Zhenya left to walk to work, but never came back home. Her sister Nina went outside to walk to Zhenya's workplace and look for her, and discovered her lying collapsed. Zhenya died that same day. Zhenya's body was later buried in a nearby cemetery.

List of Presidents of the National Convention

Historians generally divide the Convention's activities into three periods,radical, and reaction, and the policies of presidents of the Convention reflect these distinctions. During the radical and reaction phases, some of the presidents were executed, most by guillotine, committed suicide


Timmy Turner (character)

Timmy Turner is a fictional character and the protagonist of the children’s television show The Fairly OddParents.

Timmy Turner was created by Butch Hartman for the Oh Yeah! Cartoons in which Timmy is a 10 year old boy with an evil babysitter named Vicky and gets fairy godparents. Timmy was played by Mary Kay Bergman. 

In the show Timmy is played by Tara Strong. In the episode Switch Glitch, Timmy wishes he were Vicky’s babysitter to get revenge and makes her so sad that she needs fairies more than Timmy needs them so she gets Timmy’s fairies. Vicky then tries to kill Timmy so he tricks her into saying “I’m happy and I don’t need my fairy godparents anymore” so he can get his fairies back. Timmy realizes he only got his fairies because of Vicky. 

After Timmy wishes it were Christmas every day, all the other Holiday Spirits try to kill Santa Claus so Timmy saves him. When the girl Timmy likes, Trixie Tang, says no to him on Valentine's Day, Timmy wishes for a world without girls and accidentally destroys love. When Timmy doesn’t like anyone’s costumes on Halloween, Timmy wishes everyone’s costumes were “real and scary”. When Timmy emails Trixie an embarrassing love letter, he goes into the Internet to get it back. Timmy also finds out that every fairy has an evil Doppelgänger called an Anti-Fairy. 

After Timmy keeps his fairies a secret for an entire year, he gets a magic muffin and Abra-Catastrophe! happens. When Timmy wants to know why his teacher Crocker is evil, he goes back in time to 1972 and finds out that Cosmo and Wanda were once Crocker’s fairies. Then Timmy accidentally tells everyone that Crocker has fairies, so Cosmo and Wanda have to leave Crocker forever. 

After Timmy’s parents don’t let him watch television and still leave Timmy with Vicky, Timmy decides to run away and live in television shows. Timmy also finds a magic lamp and meets a genie named Norm. When summer starts, Timmy wishes that kids rule the world. 

Timmy Turner is in the Jimmy/Timmy Power Hour

When Timmy is mean to his fairies, they quit their job so there’s a singing contest to figure out who should replace them. 

When Timmy finds out that his fairies want kids but aren’t allowed to have any, Timmy wishes for them to have a baby, so he gets a fairy godbrother named Poof. 

The sixth season ended with three episodes (one after the other) called Wishology: The Big Beginning, Wishology: The Exciting Middle Part and Wishology: The Final Ending. In the Wishology trilogy, Timmy is mistaken for the Chosen One and has to save the Universe. 

Poof gets an evil Anti-Fairy named Foop who becomes Timmy’s worst enemy

Timmy gets in trouble because he secretly wished for everyone to stop getting older so he could keep his fairies forever instead of growing up. And Timmy did that “40 years ago” meaning that he was 50 for the entire show. Timmy loses his fairies because of this but then tries to get them back. 

Timmy wishes that he had a dog so he gets a magic talking dog named Sparky. 

Since there aren’t enough fairies for every kid who needs fairy godparents to have them, Timmy has to share his fairies with a girl named Chloe Carmichael. 

Timmy is in the animated short film Fairly Odd Phantom used as a commercial for Bunsen is a Beast. Timmy was also in the comic book based on it, where Timmy, Danny Phantom, Dudley Puppy and Bunsen have to rescue Butch Hartman after Hartman gets kidnapped. 

Timmy was in the Bunsen is a Beast episode Fairly Odd Bunsen which was a crossover with the Fairly OddParents 

Timmy Turner was played by Drake Bell in the live action movie and its sequels A Fairly Odd Christmas and a Fairly Odd Summer. 

In the live action show Fairly Odder, Timmy Turner is an adult played by Caleb Pierce. In it Timmy gives his fairies to his 13 year old cousin Vivian Turner. 

François Buzot

François Nicolas Léonard Buzot (1 March 1760 in Évreux – 24 June 1794 in Saint-Émilion) was a French politician and leader of the French Revolution. He suicide together with fellow-Girondin Jérôme Pétion de Villeneuve.

IETF language tag

An IETF language tag is a standardized code for a language. These codes also allow to specify language variants and other information. That way, it is possible to say that what is wanted is German, as it is spoken in Austria. The languages themselves usually have codes that are two or three letters long. Certain languages can use more than one writing system: Serbian language can be written with the Cyrillic script, there is a version that uses Latin script, and there is a version that uses Braille script.


List of Back at the Barnyard episodes

The follow is a list of the episodes of the Nicktoon Back at the Barnyard.
In March 2008, Nick renewed "Back at the Barnyard" for a second season of 20 episodes and two holiday themed specials. The new season premiered on October 24, 2008, part of "Some Like It Snotty Week", which became the first 30-minute episode called, "Some Like it Snotty". A brand new Barnyard movie aired on November 29, 2008, which is the third day of the second "Super Stuffed Nicktoons Weekend". Four new episodes aired from January 20-23, 2009 part of "Battle of the Barnyard Week". Five more new episodes aired from February 23-27, 2009 part of "Animal Invasion" week, followed by five new episodes aired from May 18-22, 2009 part of an "Barnyard Bizarro Week". Another quintet new episodes aired June 29 - July 3, 2009 part of "Battle of the Barnyard 2 week".

Parmar (Jat clan)

Parmar is Jat clan of Punjab and Haryana in india. Their population is mainly found in Delhi, Rajasthan, Uttara Pradesh and Punjab.

Parmar (Rajput clan)

Parmar are one of the four Agnivanshi Clans of the Rajputs. They are said to have been born out of a Sacrificial Fire-pit.

The name Parmar means ‘one that strikes the enemy’, from Sanskrit "para" meaning ‘enemy’ + "mara" meaning ‘strike’.
There are numerous variants of the name, including Pramar, Pavar, Powar, Pawar, Panwar, and Ponwar.

Nan Tien Institute

Nan Tien Institute (NTI) is a private school for higher education about Buddhism Wollongong, Australia.

Nan Tien Institute was established in 2011. NTI teaches about Buddhism, health, and wellbeing in a way that includes quiet and thoughtful learning. The school offers advanced courses in Buddhist Studies, Health and Social Wellbeing, Humanistic Buddhism, and Mental Health. It also has special programs for ongoing professional learning and other interesting courses about meditation, mindfulness, and health. NTI started in 2015 and is near the Nan Tien Temple, across the Princes Motorway. In 2018, a bridge for walking was built to connect the university and the temple.


Kushan

Kushan, or Kushana, is a major (gotra) clan of the Gurjar community of India, Pakistan, and Afghanistan. In some regions, especially Punjab and Kashmir, they are also known as Kasana Gujjars. They onceestablished and ruled in the Kushan Empire, from the 1st century CE until 375 CE. They practisefollow a variety of religions, including Hinduism, Sikhism, Jainism, and Islam.

According to Kulbhushan Warikoo, some Huns claim to be descended from the Yuechi or Kushans. The Kushan and Hun were unquestionably Kshatriya Gujjars. Both of these clans are only found among the Gurjars of Central and South Asia.

The Kushan Gujars, claimed to be the descendants of Raja Kans, Lord Krishna's maternal uncle, swear by lightning and do not own any bronze utensils. This legend is about the creation of the world.

The Kushan Gurjars further claim to have originated from Kush, the younger son of Sri Raam Chanderji. One of the younger son of the Lord Rama mentioned in Hindu epic Ramayana.

They are historically also known by various variation including, Kushana, Kushan, Kusane, Gusano,Koshano, Kusana.

Kasana (कसाणा) derived from Kushan(कुषाण) also known as kushane(कुसाणे) are a Gujjar clan of Agnivanshi kshatriya lineage. The word Kasana is also use as their clan name d by Muslim and SikG gujjars.

According to General Cunningham the former head of Archeological survey of India that, the Korso' and 'Kushan' written on the coins of Kushan king Kanishk is same as Gorsi and Kusane (Kushan) clans of the Gujjar ethnic community of India, Pakistan and Afghanistan.

According to Vidhya Prakash Tyagi, the Kushan, a sub-caste of the Gujjars, were a native family in Peshawar, which is why Kanishk spared Patna's Ruler Subahu Nagar. The family was known as Devaputra, which means "Aryan," and was part of the Kushan Gujjar tribe.

The word Gusur is referenced in Kushan King Kanishka's Rabatak inscription. According to some academics, the word gusur, which signifies "Kulputra" or "man or woman born into a high family," stands for "Gujjar" (Gurjaras) in this inscription. Even today, the Gurjars of Central Asia are referred to as Gusur (Gujur).

Many historians and scholars believed that the Kushan Empire and prominent emperor of the Kushana empire Kanishka Belonged to Kushana clan of the Gujjars.

The believer of the myth, that Gurjars are foreigners, like Sir James Campbell, General Crook, Colonel Todd, Mr. forbs, Dr. Bhagwan Lal Inder Ji and all other has agree that present Kasana gotra of Gurjars are successors of great Kushans.

They live in Pakistani provinces of west Punjab, Sindh, Balochistan, Khyber pakhtunKhwa, Azad Kashmir, and Gilgit-Baltistan. They also live in some provinces of Afghanistan including Kabul, Nuristan and Kandhahar. While in Indian states including the Rajasthan, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh, Kashmir, Himachal Pradesh, Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, east Punjab, Uttarakhand and Delhi.

They speak a variety of languages within their local regions, but in Jammu and Kashmir, Khayber PakhtunKhwa, Azad kashmir, Gilgit-Baltistan, Himachal Pradesh, Utrakhand, and Afghanistan, they speak their mother tongue Gujari language.

Marguerite-Élie Guadet

Marguerite-Élie Guadet 20 July 1758 – 19 June 1794) was a French political figure of the Revolutionary period. And president of the National Convention

WrestleDream (2023)

WrestleDream (2023) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on October 1, 2023 at the Climate Pledge Arena in Seattle, Washington. It was the first WrestleDream event to take place. The event was held as a tribute show for New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) founder Antonio Inoki on the one-year anniversary of his death.

The main event of the show saw Christian Cage (c) defeat Darby Allin in a two out of three falls match to retain his AEW TNT Championship.

During match three, Christian ended up spearing the referee. He would pick up his TNT Championship and go to hit Allin with it but had the title taken away by Nick Wayne. Wayne would then hit Allin with the title himself and turn heel. Christian would then get the pinfall victory on Allin for his second fall.

The event would also be notable for the debut of Adam Copeland, also know as Edge for his 25 years in the WWE. He would rescue Sting from a beatdown from Christian Cage, Nick Wayne, and Luchasaurus. In the post-event media scrum, it was announced by AEW owner Tony Khan that Copeland had signed a contract to compete full-time with All Elite Wrestling.

AEW The First Dance

AEW Rampage: The First Dance was a professional wrestling show made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on August 20, 2021 at the United Center in Chicago, Illinois. The event aired as special episode of "Rampage". The name of the event is a reference to 2020 Netflix documentary "The Last Dance" about Michael Jordan and the 1997–98 Chicago Bulls season. The event would also take place in the Bull's home arena.

The main event of the show saw Jon Moxley defeat Daniel Garcia. Moxley would counter Garcia's sharpshooter into his "Bulldog Choke". Garcia would tap out and Moxley would get the victory.

The event is best known for CM Punk making his debut for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). This was also Punk's return to professional wrestling since his retirement after walking out of WWE's 2014 Royal Rumble.

Democratic National Convention

The Democratic National Convention (DNC) is a series of presidential nominating conventions held every four years since 1856 by the Democratic Party in the United States. The convention is ran by the Democratic National Committee. The goal of the convention is to officially nominate and confirm a candidate for president and vice president and approve a party platform.

Delegates from all fifty U.S. states and from American territories, including Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands, attend the convention and cast their votes.


Queensland rugby league team

The Queensland rugby league team, nicknamed the Maroons, represents Queensland in rugby league. The team plays against New South Wales in the State of Origin series, which happens every year.

Below is the current squad as of the 2023 State of Origin series.

Australia national rugby league team

The Australia national rugby league team, nicknamed the Kangaroos, represents Australia in international rugby league. Australia has the most successful international rugby league team in the world, having won the Rugby League World Cup 12 times, having reached the final in 16 of the 17 World Cups (only failing to reach the final at the first World Cup in 1954).

The Kangaroos ranked first in the IRL Men's World Rankings and have a win percentage of 69% and a win percentage of at least 50% against every team they have ever played. Only six teams have ever beaten the Kangaroos.

The Australian Kangaroos squad for the 2023 Pacific Championships. The squad was announced on 3 October with updates on 4 October and 6 October 2023. <br>
Statistics in this table are compiled from the website, Rugby League Project and are up to 5 November 2023, including the Final of the 2023 Pacific Championships. Jersey numbers are those used in that Final.
From 1908 to 1967, the Kangaroos performed an Indigenous war cry before their games (like how New Zealand sports teams perform the Māori haka before they play). The war cry was performed by the Aboriginal team for the first time in over 40 years in 2008 before a match against the New Zealand Māori. It is believed that the war cry is based on an Indigenous chant from Stradbroke Island in Queensland.


Ciudad Habana Airport

Ciudad Habana Airport also sometimes called Jose Marti Airport or simply Havana Airport is Cuba's main airport and the main hub for Cubana de Aviación, Cuba's flag airline. The airport opened its doors in the year 1930 and it ia considered one of the most important airports in the Caribbean.

Australia women's national rugby league team

The Australia women's national rugby league team, nicknamed the Jilaroos, represents Australia in international women's rugby league.

New Zealand national rugby league team

The New Zealand national rugby league team (), nicknamed the Kiwis, represents New Zealand in international rugby league.

The New Zealand national team squad selected for the 2023 Pacific Championships. <br>
Statistics in the table are drawn from the website, Rugby League Project and include the Final on 4 November 2023. <br>
The Kiwis used the same 17 players for all three matches in the tournament, with Naufahu Whyte an unused 18th player in each match. Danny Levi, Wiremu Greig, and Keano Kini were not used, although they did play for New Zealand A against Tonga A on 21 October 2023.

Notes

New Zealand women's national rugby league team

The New Zealand women's national rugby league team, nicknamed the Kiwi Ferns, represents New Zealand in international women's rugby league.

State of Origin series

The State of Origin series is a best-of-three rugby league series held every year in Australia. It is between two teams: New South Wales (nicknamed the "Blues") and Queensland (nicknamed the "Maroons").

The State of Origin is widely regarded as Australia's greatest sporting rivalry of all time, and is one of the biggest sporting events in Australia. Even compared to international competitions, the series is considered one of the most important rugby league competitions in the world.

The State of Origin itself is a men's series, but there is also a Women's State of Origin. In both the men's and the women's series, Queensland is the most successful side, having won both series more times than New South Wales has.

Even though the State of Origin is between New South Wales and Queensland, in each series at least one game is played outside those states. In New South Wales, matches have been played in only one city (Sydney), while in Queensland they have been played in three (Brisbane, the Gold Coast and Townsville). Outside those states, three other states have hosted matches: Victoria (Melbourne), Western Australia (Perth) and South Australia (Adelaide); plus one match has been played in the United States (in Long Beach, California). On television, the series is televised in 91 countries, but is most popular in Australia, New Zealand and Papua New Guinea.

New South Wales rugby league team

The New South Wales rugby league team, nicknamed the Blues, represents New South Wales in rugby league. It plays against Queensland in the State of Origin series every year.

Women's State of Origin

The Women's State of Origin is a women's rugby league series held every year in Australia. It is played between two teams: New South Wales (nicknamed the "Blues") and Queensland (nicknamed the "Maroons"), with the Maroons being by far more successful. It is the women's equivalent of the State of Origin series.

Unlike the men's series, until 2023, the Women's State of Origin was a one-off game. In 2023, it became a series.

Matches in the Women's State of Origin have been played in five cities in Queensland (Brisbane, the Gold Coast, Gympie, the Sunshine Coast and Townsville) and two cities in New South Wales (Sydney and Wollongong), plus one match has been played in the Australian Capital Territory (Canberra).

Queensland women's rugby league team

The Queensland women's rugby league team, nicknamed the Maroons (formerly the Brolgas), represents Queensland in women's rugby league. Every year, Queensland plays against New South Wales in the Women's State of Origin.

New South Wales women's rugby league team

The New South Wales women's rugby league team, nicknamed the Blues, represents New South Wales in women's rugby league. Every year, New South Wales plays against Queensland in the Women's State of Origin.

Haziq Kamaruddin

Haziq Kamaruddin (4 July 1993 – 14 May 2021) was a Malaysian archer. Kamaruddin competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Rob Nelson (biologist)

Robert "Rob" Nelson (born August 13, 1979, Denver, Colorado, United States) is an American biologist, documentary filmmaker, and television personality.

He is a regular contributor to the Science Channel documentary series "What on Earth?" Starting in 2017, he was the host and participating researcher of the Science Channel documentary series "Secrets of the Underground", whose goal was to examine long-held legendary mysteries that lie beneath the surfaces of streets, buildings, earth, salt and fresh water, etc. Nelson also cohosted the Animal Planet series, "Life After Chernobyl" in 2015.

He holds a Bachelor of Science in biology and marine science from the University of Miami, a Master of Science degree from the University of Hawaiʻi at Mānoa, and a Master of Fine Arts from the Montana State University.

He won an Emmy Award in 2014 for his work on "Mysteries of the Driftless," a documentary movie about the Driftless Area, a region in the Midwestern United States, which was never covered by glaciers during the last ice age. He later filmed a sequel of the "Mysteries of the Driftless" in 2018 called "Decoding the Driftless".

Nelson's current work includes being the director of "Untamed Science" where he hosts a YouTube show by the same name. His show works closely with the North Carolina Zoo to help tell untold animal stories.

Khairul Anuar Mohamad

Khairul Anuar bin Mohamad (born 22 September 1991) is a Malaysian archer. Anuar Mohamad competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, 2016 Summer Olympics, and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Hun

Hun may refer to:


Hun clan

Hun or Huna is a major ancient Kshatriya clan of the Gurjar community of Pakistan, Afghanistan, and India. Historically, they were also known by the name of Huna. Hun Gujjars are primarily Hindu, while some are Muslim in Muslim-majority areas especially in Kashmir and Pakistan. In mountainous areas, they speak the Gujari language, as well as other indigenous dialects. In past these Hun Gurjars ruled in various dynasties.They are also mentioned in the Sanskrit epic of Mahabharat as the Huna and Hara Huna.

Huns are mentioned in a number of ancient Indian religious or historic Sanskrit or Vedic texts as Hara Huna (Hada Huna), Huna, or Huns, including the Puranas and Mahabharata, and even in historic records of the Guptas of Patna and Palas of Bengal.

According to Gopi Nath Sharma Gurjars and Huns are mentioned in the Hindu scripture Puranas along with other beloved to be foreign tribes of Indian subcontinent.

During the regime of the Gurjar pratihar dynasty and its emperor, the Mihir Bhoj Gurjar Huns Gujjars were ruling in the Mianwali district of the Punjab province, which is located in present-day Pakistani Punjab.

They fought the Patliputra Guptas and the Qanauj Wardhans. They ascended to power in the sixth century A.D. from Upper Panjab, led by Torman and his son Mihir Kul, and conquered Kashmir. Emperor Mihir Kul died in 540 CE.

After his death came Matri Gita (540 to 583 A.D.), Hirani (583 to 606), Torman 11 (606 to 643), Suresh Sen (643 to 667), Ksheti Nand (667 to 687 A.D.), Vasu Deva (687 to 711 A.D.), Yudhistra (711 to 729 A.D.), Raja Iksa (729 to 750 A.D.), Gopi Ditta (750 to 767 A.D.), Gai Karan (767 to 809 A.D.), Narendra Ditta (809 to 845 A.D.), Torman II (845 to 847 A.D.), and Lakhan (847 to 860 A.D.). The last five were local chiefs who were subjected to Thakyas (Taanks) of Taank kingdom. These Huns claimed descent from the Yadavas. The Sialkot city of present-day Pakistani Punjab was their capital. Rheir marriage relationships with the other Gurjjars families demonstrate that they belonged to the Gurjar Kshatriya group. They are known as Gurjars, and Hun is their gotra (clan) even now.

Pulakesin I formed the first notable Chalukya dynasty of southern India in the middle of the sixth century. These Chalukyas were descended from a foreign tribe, most likely a mix of Gurjara-Hun. Badami, in the Bijapur district, was their capital.
According to Kulbhushan warikoo Some Huns claim to be descended from the Yuechi or Kushans. The Kushan and Hun were unquestionably Kshatriyas Gujjars. Both of these clans are only found among the Gurjars of Central and South Asia. Cunningham and other historians have also referred to them as Gurjars as well.

They live in Pakistani regions including Kashmir, and Punjab and Gilgit-Baltistan they have their population mostly in these areas. Some Hun Gujjars have villages in Afghanistan in the region of Pamir and Nuristan. 

While in India they primarily inhabit in the Indian states of Uttar Pradesh, Haryana, Madhya Pradesh, Rajasthan, Himachal Pradesh and, Jammu and Kashmir. There are many village of Hun Gujjars in Uttar Pradesh، Rajasthan and Haryana. Alone in Uttar Pradesh their prominent villages are in the Meerut, Gaziabad, Bulandhshahr, and Greater Noida districts. And most famous village due to their influence is known as 'Nawalka".

In various regions they also known by different names, including, Huna, Hara Huna, Hada Huna, Hun or Hoon.


Raman Sharma

Raman Sharma (5 September 1945 – 6 January 1999) was an Indian cricket umpire. He stood in one Test match in 1994 and eleven ODI games between 1993 and 1997. Sharma died when the jeep he was driving collided with a bus in 1999.

Varun Sandesh

Jeedigunta Varun Sandesh (born 21 July 1989) is an Indian American actor. He is known primarily for his works in Telugu cinema. He made his debut with Sekhar Kammula's coming-of-age blockbuster drama "Happy Days" (2007), and went on to star in films such as "Kotha Bangaru Lokam" (2008), "Kurradu" (2009), "Yemaindi Ee Vela" (2010), "D for Dopidi" (2013), "Pandavulu Pandavulu Thummeda" (2014), "Mama Manchu Alludu Kanchu" (2015), and "Michael" (2023).



Johann Studnicka

Johann "Jan" Studnicka (12 October 1883 – 18 October 1967) was an Austrian footballer. He played for Wiener AC . He also played for the Austrian national team. After his active career he became football manager. He also competed at the 1912 Summer Olympics.
Johann Studnicka played in the “Jugendhort” football team at the age of 14 in 1897. This was led by the teacher Wawerka The team included Studnicka, Josef Fischer, Gustav Huber and Josef Taurer and three other later national players. Three years after the first football game in Austria in 1894, the sport was not socially accepted. Playing football among middle school students was punished . So in his early career Studnicka appeared as a football player under the pseudonym “Jan”.

In 1897 the entire team from Jugendhorst joined the Wiener AC. He started as defender but soon played as forward due to his abilities. Johann Studnicka's career at WAC was soon crowned with success. In 1898 the club took part in the Challenge Cup for the first time. The trophy was won in 1901, 1903 and 1904. 1908 he slowly began to withdraw from active football and work as a coach at the WAC. After a majority of the WAC players left the club after disputes with the club's management Johann Studnicka rejoined the first team to prevent the club's decline. Studnicka quickly created a powerful team by the start of the ÖFV's new league championship in 1911/12. They reached the 4th place. Johann Studnicka played actively for WAC until the 1919/20 season

He debuted on 12 October 1902 in a 5-0 win versus Hungary. There he scored three goals.His last match was on 9 May 1918 in a 5-1 win versus Switzerland. He played 28 matches and scored 18 goals for Austria.

After the end of his active career he coached First Vienna FC for two years. This was followed in 1922 by a move to Switzerland to FC Zurich. With them he won the Swiss championship. Then he returned to Vienna and was coach of SpC Rudolfshügel. Because the players ran away from the financially bankrupt club Studnicka was not able to avoid relegation.

List of France Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of France Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for France after playing their first match in August 2021.

History of dementia

History of dementia is the past of the word and thing dementia
Publius Terentius Afer (195 -159 BC) used "Dementia", M Tulius Cicero (106. January - December, 43. BC) used the word "dementia" 

In ancient Rome demensum or demensi was a sum paid to slaves. Demens was used frequently synonymously with the words amens, amentia and alienatus mente 

From 1835, John Charles Prichard was the first British psychiatrist to describe using the words: senile dementia 

Morel first describes as a term "démence précoce" (the words are French: in English précoce is translated as precocious - meaning early in age: young) in his work of 1852 

An description of dementia within the vascular system was made by Emil Kraepelin for 1896. 
By examining by microscope the brain of a dead mental patient who Alois Alzheimer had diagnosed as having senile dementia, although 50 years of age, brain abnormalities were found. The combination of the diagnosis and the brain abnormality became known as Alzheimer's disease after this description by Emil Kraepelin in a 1910 textbook. 

Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders 
(DSM-5) made by the American Psychiatric Association redefined dementia for diagnostic purposes as "major neurocognitive disorder" 

Dementia is classed as a neurodegenerative syndrome Since the 2017 International Classification of Diseases (ICD) which is known as the ICD-11, dementia is diagnosed as a neurological disorder not a mental and behavioural disorder. 

WAGR M class (diesel)

The WAGR M class were a total of 2 diesel-hydraulic locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1972 to 1994.

The M class were built in 1972 by Walkers Limited of Maryborough, Queensland. They were purchased specifically for hump yard shunting at Forrestfield. In early 1994 both the M class and two Ma class were sold off to Colonial Sugar Refineries (CSR) in Queensland for sugarcane service. No. 1851 and 1852 were regauged to 610mm (2 ft.) gauge and heavily rebuilt, the Ma class being used for spare parts. Both units remain in operation.

WAGR Ma class (diesel)

The WAGR Ma class were a total of 3 diesel-hydraulic locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1973 to 2014.

The Ma class were built in 1972 by Walkers Limited of Maryborough, Queensland as an evolution of the M class. The Ma class had Caterpillar engines making them lighter as well as having multiple unit (MU) working capabilities. Two Ma class locos were sold to Colonial Sugar Refineries (CSR) in Queensland for spare parts in early 1994.

No. 1862 managed to survive Westrail being sold off in 2000, being operated by the Western Australian Government Railways Commission (WAGRC) until 2003 when it became the ownership of Transperth who continued using the loco as shunter (pilot) at Claisebrook depot until 2014. The Hotham Valley Railway purchased the unit in 2015, it currently remains stored on their premises at Pinjarra.

Animal (2023 movie)

Animal is an Indian Hindi language action thriller movie. It is written, edited and directed by Sandeep Reddy Vanga and produced by T-Series, Bhadrakali Pictures and Cine1 Studios. The film stars Ranbir Kapoor, Anil Kapoor, Bobby Deol, Rashmika Mandanna and Tripti Dimri.

The movie revolves around the complex relationship between Balbir Singh and his son Arjun Singh, who is a descendant of the business family. After the tragedy with his father, he goes out to take revenge on Viraj Surve, and vows to never leave his family, causing a fierce gang war.


The movie score is composed by Harshavardhan Rameshwar, who scored Reddy's previous movies "Arjun Reddy" and its Hindi remake "Kabir Singh". The songs featured in the movie are composed by JAM8, Vishal Mishra, Jaani, Manan Bhardwaj, Shreyas Puranik, Ashim Kemson and Harshwardhan Rameshwar, while the background score was composed by Harshwardhan Rameshwar. Lyrics were written by Manoj Muntashir, Raj Shekhar, Siddharth-Garima, Jaani, Manan Bhardwaj, Ashim Kemson and Bhupinder Babbal.

The first single titled "Hua Main" was released on 11 October 2023. The second single titled "Satranga" was released on 27 October 2023. The third single titled "Papa Meri Jaan" was released on 14 November 2023. The fourth single titled "Arjan Vailly" was released on 18 November 2023.

The movie was scheduled to be release on 11 August 2023, but was postponed due to post-production and dubbing works. The film was then released on 1 December 2023 in Hindi, Telegu, Tamil, Malayalam and Kannada languages. The movie was planned to premiere in North America on 30 November 2023, a day before its release. It has a running time of 201 minutes, making it one of the longest Indian movies ever made.

A day before the trailer release, Animal recieved 'A' (adults only) certificate from the Central Board of Film Certification due to excessive violence and sexuality. For this reason, It was also classified 18 by the British Board of Film Classification.
Shubhra Gupta of The Indian Express said she was disappointed that the performances of Ranbir and Anil Kapoor had been "wasted in this pointless, vile "(too bad)" tale".

Tokyo Highway Battle

Tokyo Highway Battle is a 1996 racing video game. It was made by Genki. The game was published by Jaleco for the PlayStation and Sega Saturn. It was released in Japan as "Shutokou Battle: Drift King" for the PlayStation, and "Shutokō Battle '97" for the Sega Saturn. The game is part of the "Shutokou Battle" franchise. 

Pseudophilautus cuspis

The sharp-snouted shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus cuspis") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. It lives in forests. People have seen it between 155 and 660 meters above sea level.

Gagan Malik

Gagan Malik is an Indian actor and Hindu activist, renowned for his portrayal of Lord Rama in the popular television series "Ramayan". Born and raised in Delhi, India, Malik has made significant contributions to the entertainment industry and has also been recognized for his commitment to promoting Hinduism. He became a Buddhist in 2014 and spent some time in a monastery.

Malik was born into a Jat family in Delhi, India, where he received his education at Hansraj School Central. Growing up, his mother read the epic Ramayana to him He got interested in Hindu mythology. During his childhood, Malik actively participated in his colony's Ramleela, playing the character of Ram. Before acting, Malik had a career in cricket, in the Ranji Trophy team in Delhi. After twelve years in cricket, he changed to acting, gaining experience in TV commercials, music videos, modeling, and designer shows. In 2004, he won the title of "Mr. Photogenic" in the national male beauty pageant, "Mr. India".

Gagan Malik's acting career took off with the television series "Kumkum" on Star Plus. He then played a lead role in Zee TV's "Saath Saath Banayenge Ek Aashiyaan" and appeared in Star One's TV serial "Shakuntala". In 2012, Malik played Lord Rama in the television series "Ramayan." It was very popular in Indonesia.

In 2013, Malik made his international film debut with the Sri Lankan Sinhala language film "Sri Siddhartha Gautama," where he played the title character. The film, inspired by the spiritual odyssey of The Buddha, won awards at the Delhi International Film Festival in India and the United Nations Buddhist Film Festival in Vietnam.

Gagan Malik is also part of the celebrity cricket team "Jaipur Raj Joshiley" for the Indian sport-reality entertainment show "Box Cricket League" season 2. He still plays Lord Rama in the television series "Sankatmochan Mahabali Hanuman" on Sony TV.

In 2016, Malik confirmed his involvement in an international film based on the Buddha, which is reported to be the most expensive movie ever made on the subject. The pre-production phase is underway, with the team planning to shoot the teaser in July or August.

Cezanne Khan

Cezanne Khan is an Indian television actor.

He got his name from the famous French painter Paul Cezanne.

Rajkumar Santoshi

Rajkumar Santoshi is an Indian film director, producer and screenwriter of Hindi films. 

"Ghayal" also won the National Film Award for Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment. Santoshi's followup was the universally acclaimed film "Damini" (1993), which dealt with issues like the status of women in our society and the perspective of people towards women. He won his second Filmfare best director award for it.

After making two back-to-back serious films like "Ghayal" and "Damini", Santoshi wanted to make a light film.

 

Ranvirsinhji

Maharaj Shri Ranvirsinhji (7 October 1919 – 4 April 1962), a member of the Jamnagar royal family, played first-class cricket in India from 1936 to 1952. He toured Australia with the Indian team in 1947-48 but did not play Test cricket.


Gaurav Chakrabarty

Gaurav Chakrabarty is an Indian Bengali film and television actor. He is best known for his portrayal of the character Prodipto Lahiri in the Bengali musical TV series "Gaaner Oparey" that aired on Star Jalsha from 28 June 2010 to 16 April 2011.

Ritvik Sahore

Ritvik Sahore is an Indian actor who primarily works in Hindi films and web shows. He made his acting debut with "Ferrari Ki Sawaari" (2012), for which he received Screen Award for Best Child Artist nomination. Sahore is best known for his portrayal of Omkar Singh Phogat in "Dangal" (2016), Aakash in "Laakhon Mein Ek" (2017) and Rajat Bakshi in "Flames" (2018).

Rohan Shah

Rohan Shah is an Indian actor, known for his role as Agham Neil Khanna in "Itna Karo Na Mujhe Pyaar" on Sony TV. He played the lead role of Vivek in the 2020 Bollywood film "Hacked" along with Hina Khan. He is also a part of the YouTube channel FilterCopy.


Pixel art

Pixel art is a form of digital art where images are built using pixels as the only building block. It is often used in video games, but it can also be used to create other types of art, such as illustrations, animations, and even sculptures.

Pixel art is created using a variety of software programs, but some of the most popular ones include:


Pixel art can be created in different styles, but some of the most common ones include:


Pixel art can be used to create a wide variety of images. It is a popular choice for video games because it is simple to create and can be scaled up or down without losing quality. 

Video games: Pixel art is often used in video games to create characters, objects, and backgrounds. Some classic video games that use pixel art include Mario, Pac-Man, and Sonic the Hedgehog. Newer video games that use pixel art include Minecraft and Undertale.

Illustrations:  Pixel art illustrations can be simple or complex, and they can be used to create a variety of different styles of art.

Animations: Pixel art animations can be simple or complex, and they can be used to create a variety of different types of animation, such as cartoons, GIFs, and even full-length films.

Sculptures: . Pixel art sculptures are created by stacking individual pixels together to create a three-dimensional object.

Contact shoe

A contact shoe is a metal piece that is connected to a bogie that makes contact with the 3rd rail delivering electricity to the source requiring electricity in turn completing the circuit.

Eumetabola

Eumetabola is an unranked Clade in the Infraclass Neoptera. It contains every Neoptera clade except Embioptera and Orthoptera. It has the biggest number of species of any clade in the Animal Kingdom.

Kalyan Srinivas Raygalla

Kalyan Srinivas Raygalla is a Team Building Facilitator at "The Thought Bulb" and a Research Scholar at "GD Goenka University's School of Media". With a diverse background spanning academia, training, and journalism, Raygalla excels in public speaking, strategic communication, media writing, and recreational therapy.

Formerly a journalist, Kalyan Raygalla, also known as Ray, has contributed as a columnist for "The Freedom Press" and various other publications. He has received recognition for his journalistic endeavors, including the prestigious Axaya Media Award.

Transitioning from journalism to academia, Raygalla has collaborated with esteemed institutions such as "Manav Rachna International Institute of Research and Studies", "GD Goenka University", "Woxsen University", "Roots International Business School", "DAV Public School", "Meridian School", and "Vedant International School".

Kalyan Raygalla's achievements are noteworthy and reflect his commitment to excellence. Some of his accolades include:











As part of the "UN4ALL" campaign, Raygalla served as Charge d'Affaires to the 2021 United Nations Secretary-General Candidate, Prof Nabhit Kapur. He conducted global interviews and participated in conversation panels with distinguished individuals, including Her Excellency Rosalia Arteaga Serrano, Former President of Ecuador; Hon'ble Yousef M Kamoud, Member of the Libyan Parliament; His Excellency, Hon Etienne Ys, Former Prime Minister of Curacao; Chief Election Commissioner Dr. S Y Quraishi; Ambassador K P Fabian, IFS; General J J Singh, Former Governor, State of Arunachal Pradesh; and Shri Shekhar Dutt, IAS, Former Governor, State of Chhattisgarh.










Rizwan Farook and Tashfeen Malik

Syed Rizwan Farook (June 14, 1987December 2, 2015) and Tashfeen Malik (July 13, 1986December 2, 2015) were a Pakistani-American mass murder duo who were the two perpetrators of a terrorist attack at the Inland Regional Center in San Bernardino, California, United States on December 2, 2015. In the attack, they killed 14 people and injured 22 others. Both died in a shootout with law enforcement later that day.

Rahul Bose

Rahul Bose (born 27 July 1967) is an Indian actor, director, screenwriter, social activist, and athlete. Bose is the President of Indian Rugby Football Union.He has appeared in Bengali films such as "Mr. and Mrs. Iyer", "Kalpurush", "Anuranan", "Antaheen", "Laptop" and "The Japanese Wife". 


Nils Åman

Nils Åman (born 7 February 2000) is a Swedish professional ice hockey centre for the Abbotsford Canucks of the American Hockey League (AHL) as a prospect under contract to the Vancouver Canucks of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was drafted by the Colorado Avalanche in the sixth round of the 2020 NHL Entry Draft with the 167th overall pick.

Anna Scher

Anne Valerie Verrall MBE (née Scher; 26 December 1944 – 12 November 2023) was a British-Irish drama teacher who was best known as the founder of The Anna Scher Theatre School. 
Scher was also known as an actress, a journalist and an author.

Anne Valerie Scher was born in Cork, Ireland on 26 December 1944, as the eldest of four children to Eric Asher Scher (1916–1982), a dentist of Lithuanian descent, and Constance Scher (1924–1984; née Hurwitz), a housewife of Irish decent. Her younger siblings were; sisters Sandra Geraldine Peggy Scher (1948–2014) and Vida M Scher (b. 1953) and brother Ronald D P Scher (b. 1961). Her family moved to Hove, East Sussex when she was 14.

Scher was educated at St Angela's convent, where she was the sole Jewish pupil. She later attended the Hove County Grammar School for Girls and the Brighton School of Music and Art.

Scher founded The Anna Scher Theatre School (AST), an independent and co-educational performing arts school in Islington, London, in January 1968. Her husband served as the co-director for many years.

Scher made her debut, and only appearance, as an actress in 1969, but her father told her to get a proper job, so she became a journalist specialising in theatre with the "Islington Gazette" for five years, and reviewed for "The Times Literary Supplement".

Scher also worked as a primary school teacher, working with children whose first language was not English. She was a chairperson of the International Song Contest for Peace in Ireland. She served on juries at BAFTA, Sony and the Royal Television Society.

Scher was the castaway on a 2011 episode of the BBC Radio 4 programme "Desert Island Discs".

Scher co-authored three books with her husband. She also authored two books as a solo author.

Scher married coach, writer and director Raymond Charles Verrall in Hampstead, London in April 1976. Their only son, John Benedict Verrall, was born four years later. Her husband died in October 2023, at the age of 79.

Scher had a breakdown in 2000 after suffering with depression and was admitted to hospital. She could not walk during her breakdown. She took a period of sick leave from The Anna Scher Theatre. Scher discovered that she had been blocked by the board of directors upon her return to her theatre.

Scher promoted peace, love and understanding. She was a patron of Neve Shalom/Wahat al Salam – Oasis of Peace.

Scher died in London during the early hours of 12 November 2023. She was 78. Her death was confirmed and announced to the public at 2:55pm on the same day in a social media post by talent agency Nic Knight Management: "It is with deep sadness that I must report that Anna Scher, the best and kindest drama teacher in the UK for the last 50 years, has passed. Joining her husband, Charles, in a better place to rest. She will be missed but never forgotten. RIP @annascherthtr + Charles Verrall." Her obituary was published by "The Guardian" on 15 November.

Scher and Verrall's joint private funeral took place at St Silas Church on Penton Street on 14 December 2023. 
Scher was awarded a Community Award from the "Irish Post" the Woman of Distinction Award from Jewish Care. She was an Associate of RADA. She was awarded a Honorary Fellow of the Leinster School of Music & Drama.

She was awarded the Peace Person of the Year Award in Ireland in 1999.

Scher was awarded Freedom of the London Borough of Islington in 2003.

Scher was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in the 2013 Birthday Honours by Queen Elizabeth II for her services to drama.


Metapterygota

Metapterygota is a clade of insects. It has both the order Odonata and the infraclass Neoptera. These two clades share similar looks by having both a larva form, and a imago form later on in its life, and having wings. Some though, do not have wings despite being capable of having them.

Harsha Bhogle

Harsha Bhogle (born 19 July 1961) is an Indian cricket commentator and journalist. Bhogle has cemented his reputation as being a personality in the global cricket broadcasting industry.

Josef Taurer

Josef Taurer (16 November 1883 -1 August 1956) was an Austrian football player from the early days of the sport. He scored the first goal in the Austrian national team's first unofficial game against Switzerland in 1901 and the first goal in the first official game against Hungary in 1902. He played as Forward mainly for Wiener AC.
Josef Taurer began his career as a football player in 1897 for “Jugendhort” . The team included future national players Josef Fischer, Gustav Huber and Johann Studnicka. 1897 Jugendhorst joined WAC. With the WAC he won all three ÖFU championships for the Tagblatt Cup . The striker stayed with WAC until 1908 . After one season with the Vienna Cricket and Football-Club. After his active time he was active as a football referee. In 1922 he became deputy head of the WAC's football section.
In Austria's first unofficial international match against Switzerland on 8 April 1901 he played as a left winger and scored the first international goal in a 4-0 win. In Austria's first official on 12 October 1902 he scored again the first goal in a 5-0 win versus Hungary. His last match was on 9 April 1905 in a 0-0 again versus Hungary.

Raju Jeyamohan

Raju Jeyamohan (born 2 July 1991) is an Indian actor, television host and model in the Indian film industry, who has worked predominantly in Tamil television shows and films. Raju made his debut in the movie Natpuna Ennanu Theriyuma in the year 2019. He has also acted in various serials including Kana Kaanum Kalangal, 'Kalloori Salai', 'Aandaal Azhagar', and 'Saravanan Meenatchi' on Vijay Television. In 2022, he emerged as the winner of the Tamil reality television show "Bigg Boss (Tamil season 5)".


Rajshree Thakur

Rajshree Thakur (born 22 September 1981) is an Indian actress best known for her role as Saloni in the Hindi television drama "" and Preeti Jindal in "Shaadi Mubarak."

Raj Kumar (professor)

Raj Kumar (born 15 December 1959) is a professor of neurosurgery. He was a founding director of All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Rishikesh and former vice-chancellor of Uttar Pradesh University of Medical Sciences.


Harsha Walia

Harsha Walia is a Canadian activist and writer based in Vancouver. She has been involved with No one is illegal, the February 14 Women's Memorial March Committee, the Downtown Eastside Women's Centre, and several Downtown Eastside housing justice coalitions. Walia has been active in migrant justice, Indigenous solidarity, feminist, anti-racist, and anti-capitalist movements for over a decade.

Walia was born in Bahrain to parents of Punjabi ancestry. She later immigrated to Vancouver, Canada and studied law at the University of British Columbia.

Laura Trott

Laura Trott (born 7 December 1984) is a British Conservative Party politician. She was elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Sevenoaks at the 2019 general election. 

Trott was Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State at the Department for Work and Pensions until November 2023, when she was named the Chief Secretary to the Treasury in a cabinet reshuffle. 

Victoria Atkins

Victoria Mary Atkins (born 22 March 1976) is a British politician. She has been the Secretary of State for Health and Social Care since November 2023. She was Financial Secretary to the Treasury from October 2022 to November 2023. She is a member of the Conservative Party. Atkins was first elected as the Member of Parliament (MP) for Louth and Horncastle in Lincolnshire in 2015.

She is a Type 1 diabetic, and is married to the Managing Director of British Sugar.

Nitin Sahrawat

Nitin Sahrawat (Born 13 August 1981), is an Indian actor, a social activist, and the Editor in Chief of "Atal Indians Magazine". Sahrawat is the creator of Atal Indian Project, which aims at creating multiple Urban forest named Atal Vatika, in cities and towns of India. He is the Managing Director of QuiteLit Digital.


Rakesh Maria

Rakesh Maria (born 19 January 1957) is a former Indian Police Officer. He last served as the Director General of Home Guard. Before that he served as the Police Commissioner of Mumbai.

Pernell (healer)

Pernell (known to be alive in 1350), was an English healer. She helped her physician husband, Thomas de Rasyn in their healing practice. The couple was accused of causing the death of a miller in 1350 but was freed by a royal pardon and allowed to continue their practice. Their medical skills were respected by people of the time.

Jimmy/Timmy Power Hour

The Jimmy/Timmy Power Hour is a trilogy of crossover episodes between and The Fairly OddParents.

In the first Jimmy/Timmy Power Hour, Timmy Turner wishes he were in the best laboratory in the Universe for a science project and ends up in Jimmy Neutron’s lab in another dimension. Timmy also accidentally sends Jimmy to Dimsdale. Timmy accidentally turns Jimmy’s robot dog Goddard into a monster and has to save Retroville. While Jimmy has to save Fairy World from Crocker. 

In the second Jimmy/Timmy Power Hour called “When Nerds Collide” , Jorgen von Strangel makes the Anti-Fairy prison impossible for anyone “of this universe” to break into but Cosmo’s doppelgänger Anti-Cosmo figured out that he can get someone from an Alternate universe to do that. Timmy and Jimmy fight because they both like the same girl named Cindy Vortex. Jimmy’s Archenemy, Professor Finbarr Calamitous teams up with Anti-Cosmo to free the other Anti-Fairies. After Jimmy and Timmy team up to save the world, Calamitous enslaves Jorgen and tries to destroy his Universe. So Timmy and Jimmy stop him. Cindy finds out that Timmy isn’t that smart. 

When Jimmy and Timmy start fighting their enemies together, they forget about their actual friends. They think that beating their enemies is too easy so they create a new Supervillain called “The Villain who is not named Shirley”. The Villain wants to be their friend but Jimmy and Timmy are mean to him so he becomes evil and tries to destroy the Multiverse but then Jimmy and Timmy stop him with help from their friends. 

AT&amp;T Pogo

AT&T Pogo was a web browser based on Mozilla Firefox's codebase made by AT&T and Vizible. A testing version was handed to a small group of people but the project was later discontinued when Vizible sold its intellectual property to Open Text.

The testing version had these features:






Oscar Míguez

Óscar Omar Miguez Antón (5 December 1927 – 19 August 2006) was a Uruguayan footballer. He played as a forward. Míguez was part of the Uruguay team in the 1950 and 1954 World Cups. He played as a striker for the national team. Míguez is the all-time record World Cup goal scorer for Uruguay with eight goals. Míguez had 27 goals in 39 games in total for Uruguay, For a long time, he was the third-highest scorer for the national team, behind Héctor Scarone and Ángel Romano. He was overtaken by Diego Forlán, Edinson Cavani and Luis Suárez. Míguez was known for his mental quickness and an unusual command of the ball, with goals with headers, volleys or bicycle kicks sought for an entire match until they came out. He was often satisfied with just scoring goals, he was a juggling centre-forward. He, however, He denied that he had been a great player. He is regarded among the best football players of all time. Míguez is considered as one of the greatest Uruguayan strikers of his era.

He was born on December 5, 1927 in Montevideo. He began his adult football career in 1947.

His play attracted the attention of representatives of one of the strongest clubs in the country, Peñarol. He joined the team in 1948, He was a part of a famous forward line that included Alcides Ghiggia, Ernesto Vidal, Juan Schiaffino and the Argentinian Juan Hohberg. He played for this team for the next twelve seasons of his playing career. As part of Peñarol, he was one of the main scorers of the team. He had an average performance of 0.78 goals per championship game. He was the top scorer of the Uruguayan championship twice. His team won that competition six times. Míguez was the most outstanding footballer in the history of Peñarol de Montevideo, where he played for almost his entire life as a professional athlete, and did not accept offers received from European teams. He was a juggler with the ball, having made his bicycle kicks famous. He was Uruguayan champion with Peñarol in 1949, 1951, 1953, 1954, 1958 and 1959.

Subsequently, in 1960 he played in Peru for Sporting Cristal, the following year he defended the colors of Rampla Juniors, and finished his playing career with Montevideya Colón in 1962.

In 1950, he made his debut in official matches as part of the Uruguayan national team. In the same year, he went as part of the team to the 1950 World Cup in Brazil. In the very first game of the tournament, he scored a hat-trick, contributing to the defeat of the Bolivian national team with a score of 8:0 in the first group stage. At the final stage, at which the world champion was determined, he scored two goals against the Swedish national team, which brought the Uruguayans a victory with a score of 3:2 and left them in the fight for the championship title. He fully played the decisive game against the home team, in which the Uruguayans won a sensational victory with a score of 2:1, becoming world champions in 1950.

Four years later, at the 1954 World Cup in Switzerland, he also started the tournament as the main striker of the national team. In the group stage of the competition, he scored a goal against the Czech Republic (win 2:0) and two goals against Scotland (win 7:0). In the quarterfinal match against England, won 4-2, he was injured and missed the rest of his team's matches, in which they lost in the semifinals and the game for third place to the national teams of Hungary and Austria, respectively. Despite missing these games for two World Cups, he scored 8 goals, which remains a record for the players of the Uruguayan national team in the finals of the World Cup.

Subsequently, he participated in the South American championships of 1955 and 1956, in the second of which the Uruguayans won their ninth title of the strongest national team on the continent. Miguez's personal contribution to the title, which included three goals scored, was recognized by awarding him the title of the best player of the tournament.

In total, during his career in the national team, which lasted 8 years, he played 39 matches in its uniform, scoring 27 goals.

He died in 2006 at the age of 78. His remains are buried at the Cementerio del Buceo, Montevideo.


Papua New Guinea national rugby league team

The Papua New Guinea national rugby league team, nicknamed the Kumuls, represents Papua New Guinea in international rugby league.

Rugby league is very popular in Papua New Guinea and is often considered the country's national sport.

The Papua New Guinean squad selected for the 2023 Pacific Rugby League Championships. Club information are as of 4 November 2023. <br>
Statistics for Papua New Guinea and the players' NRL club records are drawn from the website, Rugby League Project, and include the Pacific Bowl Final on 5 November 2023. 

Notes

Papua New Guinea women's national rugby league team

The Papua New Guinea women's national rugby league team, nicknamed the Orchids, represents Papua New Guinea in international women's rugby league.

Rugby league is very popular in Papua New Guinea and is often considered the country's national sport.

President of the National Conventional

From 22 September 1792 to 2 November 1795, the French Republic was governed by the National Convention, whose president (elected from within for a 14-day term) may be considered as France's legitimate head of state.

See: List of Presidents of the National Convention

Personal Jesus

"Personal Jesus" is a 1989 song by British band Depeche Mode. It is the leading single from their seventh studio album "Violator". It went to number 13 in the United Kingdom, number 28 in the United States, number 27 in France, number 44 in Canada, number 5 in Switzerland and Germany, number 17 in Sweden, number 14 in New Zealand, number 7 in Ireland and number 3 in Spain and Italy. It was covered by Johnny Cash and Marilyn Manson.

All songs were written by Martin L. Gore.
UK 7-inch and cassette single; US cassette single

UK 7-inch single—gatefold sleeve

UK 12-inch and mini-CD single

UK limited-edition 12-inch and mini-CD single

US 12-inch single

US maxi-CD single

US maxi-cassette single

In 2004, Marilyn Manson released their cover version of the single from their greatest hits album "". It went to number 13 in the United Kingdom and Switzerland, number 15 in Scotland and Norway, number 10 in Italy and Austria, number 20 in Finland and number 8 in Denmark





Mirandinha

Mirandinha may refer to:


Mon Redee Sut Txi

Mon Redee Sut Txi (born 10 February 1982) is an archer from Malaysia. Redee Sut Txi competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Muhammad Marbawi

Muhammad Marbawi Sulaiman (born 30 January 1983) is an archer from Malaysia. Marbawi competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Cameron Burgess

Cameron Robert Burgess (born 21 October 1995) is a Scottish-born Australian soccer player. He plays for Ipswich Town in the EFL Championship and for the Australia men's national soccer team.

Cheltenham Town

Salford City

Ipswich Town

Martin Boyle

Martin Callie Boyle (born 25 April 1993) is a Scottish-born Australian soccer player. He plays for Hibernian F.C. in the Scottish Premiership and for the Australia men's national soccer team.

G1 Climax

The G1 Climax is a tournament held by New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). It is considered to be the most important tournament in the company. The tournament was first created by Antonio Inoki and was first held in 1974. The name of the tournament was originally called the World League from 1974 until 1977, the MSG League from 1978 until 1982, and the IWGP League from 1983 until 1988. The tournaments under these names are not viewed as part of the official history of the G1 Climax by New Japan however. The first tournament under the G1 name was held from August 7 until August 11, 1991. Seiji Sakaguchi, president of New Japan, named the tournament after a horse race.

The current rules of the G1 Climax tournament are held in a round-robin format. There are two blocks of wrestlers who fight for points. A wrestler who gets a win gets two points for a victory, a wrestler who gets a draw gets one point, and a wrestler who loses doesn't get a point. The wrestler from each block who has the most points will then fight each other in the finals to decide who the winner of the G1 will be. The tournament is held for four weeks. In 2022, the tournament would go back to having four blocks for the first time since 2000.

The first non-Japanese wrestler to win the G1 was Kenny Omega in 2016. Tetsuya Naito is the current winner.


Van Calebs

Van Calebs is a Ghanian dancer, choreographer and promoter. He is the Volta regional coordinator for Asian African Chamber of Commerce.

He is the founder of Van Calebs Walking Stick Foundation which is a non profit organization set up to undertake philanthropic projects and Van Caleb empire, an African cultural dance promoter.

He initiated the solo dance 'Base' pictured in prints, currently used as a monumental pieces for tourists.

Van Calebs attended Silicon Valley International School and further studied at Adisadel College and Wisconsin International University College. 

Calebs is the first contemporary choreographer to use advance technology to create visual effects and also the first to introduce styles like Jazz and contemporary African cultural choreography form of dance in Ghana.

He has earned several awards including a humanitarian award for tackling streetism among girls and helping aged women and windows.

He founded Van Calebs empire choreography center that trains dancers around the Africa including non-Africans on contemporary culture choreography dances.

He originated the dance move Rock body used by Wiyaala an afro-pop singer and also illuminated dance by Sarkodie a Ghanaian rapper.<ref>

FAC-Platz

The FAC-Platz is a football stadium in the 21st district of Floridsdorf in the Austrian capital Vienna. It was the home ground of the eight-time Austrian champions Admira. Today it is the homeground of Floridsdorfer AC in the 2. league. In the 2023-24 season it is also be the home of SV Stripfing, which does not have a stadium suitable for the second league. The stadium has a capacity of 3 000 places, 850 places are seated. 
In August 1933 Admira moved from Deublergasse to the former Vorwärts XXI ground in Hopfengasse. In contrast to Deublergasse, this newly built facility now had everything a large sports club needed: running track, training ground, boxing ring and tennis courts . At that time the stadium held around 15,000 spectators.

From July 1944 to April 1945 there was a subcamp of the Mauthausen concentration camp at Hopfengasse 8. At that time, there were barracks for around 2,000 concentration camp prisoners and forced laborers on today's FAC site.

After Admira moved to the southern part of the city in 1966 the FAC took over the place. In 1987 the ground was renamed Leopold-Stroh-Stadion, in honor of the former FAC player Leopold Stroh (1917–1985). In 1994 a grandstand for around 500 spectators was built and in 2002 a VIP club area was set up.
In March 2018, the stadium was renamed the Job Consulting Arena and in the following 2018/19 season it was renamed FAC-Platz.

Ayegbayo Damola

Damola Ayegbayo also known as Damola Victor Ayegbayo is a portrait artist and a contemporary painter based in Nigeria.

Ayegbayo was born and brought up in Osun State. He obtained Fine and Applied Arts Bachelor’s degree in Obafemi Awolowo University.

Ayegbayo is Nigerian youngest largest Art Collector with an estimate of 1000 works of painting and visual arts. Damola works convey the power of the beauty of black African women, the reality of life and morals through color and black beautiful women faces. His paintings is publicly displayed at the heart of Osun State as a Monument picture to remember lost heroes. 

His works are in the collections of organisations such as KPMG, Super Sports TV,Standard Chartered Bank among others.The artist painting has been exhibited nationally, in the United Kingdom and United States. Also, his works have been acquired by private collectors like Jimmy Akingbola, Marcus Gardley,Jean-Michel Basquiat sister Lisane basquiat etc and auctions by online art houses such as Liveauctioneers, Bidhaus and Jasper52. 

Harper Collins Publishers LLC USA featured his painting “unconditional love series 2” as a book cover title 'Relations an anthology of African and Diaspora voices' and a book written by Abayomi Mighty title "Art is life".

Ayegbayo arts has been featured in Non-fungible token (NFT) international projects as the only African artist in the world of women Nft project , Wayfair, Target, and Vincent van Gogh Nft project in partnership with Saatchi Art.

Running to Stand Still

"Running to Stand Still" is a 1987 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the fifth track from their fifth studio album "The Joshua Tree" and is a slow ballad and deals with herion-addicted couple living in Dublin.

Zainab al-Khawaja

Zainab Abdulhadi al-Khawaja (Arabic: زينب عبد الهادي الخواجة; born 21 October 1983) is a Bahraini human rights activist known for her involvement in the Bahraini uprising. She gained attention by posting tweets as AngryArabiya during the protests. She also advocates for her father Abdulhadi Alkhawaja's release who constantly does hunger strike. She has also criticized the administration of U.S. President Barack Obama for "standing behind the dictator".
She was designated a Prisoner of Conscience by Amnesty International. She had faced a three-year prison sentence for tearing up a picture of King Hamad in December 2014, a notable act of protest. 
Despite release, ongoing charges kept her under the threat of re-arrest as several Bahraini officials told Danish authorities that if she doesn't leave the country she will be separated from her child and will be put in prison again. 

For that reason she left Bahrain and went to Denmark. She announced her exile on X formerly Twitter. Now, Zainab with Danish-Bahraini dual citizenship, continues her activism from abroad.

Cherry Red Records

Cherry Red Records was an independent record label synonymous with the new wave and punk movement of the late 1970's / 80's.

Prognosis of schizophrenia

Prognosis of schizophrenia means how well anyone responds to treatment or recovers or not from the diagnosed malady schizophrenia.

All the things that could happen at any time are: 

Schizophrenia has great human and economic costs. People with a diagnosis have on average a decreased life expectancy of 12 to 15 years, primarily because of its association with being overweight, not exercising, and smoking cigarettes. An increased rate of suicide (a person killing themself) plays a lesser role. 
These differences in life expectancy increased between the 1970s and 1990s.

Approximately three-fourths of people with schizophrenia have an ongoing disability with symptoms that keep coming back. Some people do recover completely and others function well in society. 
Most people with schizophrenia live independently, with community support. 
In people with a first episode of serious mental symptoms, 42 percent have a good long-term outcome, 35 percent have an intermediate outcome and 27 percent have a poor outcome. Outcomes for schizophrenia appear better in the developing world than in the developed world, although that conclusion has been questioned.

Schizophrenia can be a large problem for people who have it. Someone who has schizophrenia may hurt themselves. This is known as "self-harm". Not all people with schizophrenia want to hurt themselves. People with the condition need psychiatric assessment because of the possibility of self-harm. If a young person begins to show signs of having the condition, they should see a psychiatrist as soon as possible. People with schizophrenia are more likely to commit suicide than the average person. They also have more physical health problems. In 2015, about 16,900 deaths were linked to schizophrenia. A study was done of over 4million people who were diagnosed with schizophrenia. Using data from 1957 to 2021, the most common reasons for death were suicide, injury-poisoning, and undetermined non-natural cause. These were followed by pneumonia. In one study, use of anti-psychotic medication was found to be the most common cause for diagnosis of pneumonia. Scientific evidence from before and including 2021 seem to show that all anti-psychotics increase the risk of pneumonia. The statistical average of people in these study groups had a life expectancy that is about 11.2 to 25 years lower than that of the general population.

Peter R. Breggin, M.D. former teaching fellow at Harvard Medical School and full-time consultant at the National Institute of Mental Health founded the International Center for the Study of Psychiatry and Psychology, and was on the editorial boards of several scientific journals has written in his 2007 publication "Brain Disabling Treatments in Psychiatry" Effexor, Risperdal, Zyprexa, Abilify, lithium and Depakote produce dangerous abnormal behavior and dangerous brain changes. Dr Breggins first anti-drug book was criticised by a Professor of Psychiatry during 1994. Dr. Breggin wrote with David Cohen "Your Drug May Be Your Problem: How and Why to Stop Taking Psychotropic Medications" which was published during 1999. Breggin and Cohen state that psychiatrists do not know enough information to safely recommend drugs routinely or to take for more than a briefer time which is the continued use recommended for treatment. 

The suicide rate of people who have schizophrenia is estimated to be about 4.9 percent, most often occurring in the period following the first appearance of symptoms or the first hospital admission. 
20 to 40 percent try to kill themselves at least once.

Research continues on schizophrenia. In the spring of 2013, genetics associations were shown between five major psychiatric disorders: autism, ADHD, bipolar disorder, depression, and schizophrenia per recent study. In the summer of 2013, for the first time, brain tissue development was replicated in three dimensions by scientists cloning a human "mini-brain" using stem cells. This could help with schizophrenia and autism neurological research (research related to the brain.) 

People with schizophrenia may also have other mental health disorders, like depression, anxiety and drug abuse. They often have problems functioning in society, and have difficulty keeping a job. However, there are a number of people with schizophrenia who get well and have earned college degrees and had professional careers. For example, Elyn. R. Saks successfully became a law professor at the University of Southern California and a published author.

In a family treatment called "Open dialog" in Finland, eight out of every ten people with schizophrenia "get well." In developing countries, where doctors use less drugs, 2 out of 3 patients get well from schizophrenia. In western countries, where medications are used as treatment, 1 of 3 get well, but many suffer from drug side effects such as diabetes, obesity, and brain damage.

Sometime before 1911 In the hospital of Eugen Bleuler, who made and first used the word schizophrenia:

Where the Streets Have No Name

"Where the Streets Have No Name" is a 1987 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the third single from their fifth studio album "The Joshua Tree" and went to number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in the United States, number 11 in Canada, number 1 in New Zealand and Ireland, number 15 in Italy, number 27 in Australia and number 44 in Germany. It won a Grammy Award in 1989.

Glenn Tipton

Glenn Raymond Tipton (born 25 October 1947) is an English guitarist. Often noted for his complex playing style and classically influenced solos, he is best known as one of the lead guitarists for the heavy metal band Judas Priest. He is the second longest-serving member of the band, after bassist and co-founder Ian Hill. Tipton and Hill are the only two members of the band who have appeared on every studio album.
Richie Faulkner

Richard Ian Faulkner (born 1 January 1980) is an English musician best known as one of the lead guitarists for the heavy metal band Judas Priest since 2011, replacing original member K. K. Downing. Faulkner has also performed with Lauren Harris, Christopher Lee, Voodoo Six, Deeds, and Ace Mafia.

Ian Hill

Ian Hill (born 20 January 1951) is an English musician, best known as the bassist and the sole continuous member for the heavy metal band Judas Priest. Along with lead guitarist Glenn Tipton, he is the only member who has appeared on all of the band's studio albums.

Scott Travis

Mark Scott Travis (born September 6, 1961) is an American metal musician, best known as the drummer for the English heavy metal band Judas Priest, the Irish rock band Thin Lizzy and the supergroup Elegant Weapons. He was also a longtime member of the American heavy metal band Racer X during their initial run and then reformation up until their 2009 breakup.

As a member of Judas Priest, he was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2022.

WAGR N class (diesel)

The WAGR N class were a total of 11 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (trading as Westrail) from 1977 to 1997.

The N class were built from 1977 to 1979 by Commonwealth Engineering of Bassendean for mineral traffic in the southeast of Western Australia. Withdrawals started in the early 1990s, with the last withdrawn in 1997.

From 1982 to 1983 several were fitted with Westinghouse air brakes, becoming the Na class, two Na class were converted to standard gauge in early 1995, becoming the Nb class. All 11 units have been scrapped, with the last disposed of in 2022.

WAGR Na class (diesel)

The WAGR Na class were a total of 4 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (trading as Westrail) from 1982 to 1997.

The Na class was a designation assigned to standard N class locos which had the Westinghouse air brake system installed from 1982 to 1983.

They operated on mineral traffic in the southeast of Western Australia and began to be withdrawn alongside the N class from the early to mid-1990s. Two were converted to Nb class locos in early 1994. The first Na class to be scrapped was class leader No. 1871 in 1994. The last Na class No. 1874 was withdrawn and scrapped in 2014.

WAGR Nb class (diesel)

The WAGR Nb class were a pair of diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (trading as Westrail) from 1995 to 1998.

The Nb class were the result of fitting standard gauge bogies to Na class diesels. Both units were sold to Austrac Ready Power of Junee, New South Wales, they then went to the Patrick Corporation in 2004 for use in Adelaide, South Australia.

In 2011 they were sold for the last time to Australian Locolease who loaned them to El Zorro for service in Victoria. No. 1872 was scrapped in early 2020, and No. 1872 was scrapped in mid-2022, being the last N class loco in existence until its scrapping.

Seher Bedi

Seher Bedi, is a director, producer, and editor. She is popularly known as the 'Pioneer of Millennial Entertainment in India'. 

Seher first made a mark by creating seminal shows like MTV Bakra and MTV Most Wanted. In 2010, she assumed the role of Head of Creative & Content for MTV India. Then she went on to handle iconic shows like Coke Studio, Splitsvilla, MTV Loveline, Heavy Mental, Youth Icon of the Year, Club MTV, MTV Alert, MTV Stuntmania, and MTV Bollywood Grind. Seher also served as a jury member of the prestigious Asian Academy Creative Awards for Content from the Asia Pacific region. 

Seher is currently Head of Josh Studios, the award winning content production studio of Josh, the fastest-growing and most-engaged short video app in India (as of March 6, 2023). 

Seher creates several popular IPs at Josh Studios including: 

• Wakao, India's biggest influencer festival. 

• World Famous, a multi-city talent hunt across Indian heartlands. 

• Josh All Stars, a creator mentor community platform. 

• CreatorThon, a multi-city travel, mentorship, and content creation marathon. 

• JFLIX Film Festival, a first-of-its-kind one-minute-film-festival and awards show. 

• Nach Baby Dance, a friendly competition for India's best dance performers. 

Ghazi

Ghazi or Gazi (), a title given to Muslim warriors or champions and used by several Ottoman Sultans, can be










El Ghazi

El Ghazi may refer to:



Monique

Monique can be




Climate of the Netherlands

The Netherlands has an oceanic climate. 
Usually summers and winters are mild. 

The highest temperature ever recorded in the Netherlands was on 25 July 2019 in Gilze-Rijen.

The lowest temperature ever recorded in the Netherlands was on 27 January 1942 in Winterswijk.

The highest wind gust ever recorded in the Netherlands was on 25 November 2005 in Hoek van Holland, and on 3 January 2012 in IJmuiden.

The highest 24-hour precipitation sum ever recorded in the Netherlands was 142.3 millimeters on 26 August 2010 in Hupsel.

Napoléon Louis Bonaparte

Napoléon-Louis Bonaparte (11 October 1804 – 17 March 1831) was King of Holland for less than two weeks in July 1810 as Louis II.

Maximin Isnard

Maximin Isnard 16 November 1755 – 12 March 1825, French revolutionary, was a dealer in perfumery at Draguignan when he was elected deputy for the "département" of the Var to the Legislative Assembly, where he joined the Girondists.and presidents of the National Convention

NV Arena

The NV Arena is a football stadium in St. Pölten, the capital of Lower Austria. It is the home of the second division team SKN St. Pölten and the women team of the club. The women team is playing in the Planet Pure Frauen Bundesliga.It has a capacity of 8,000 spectators on covered seats. The stadiumis named after Niederösterreichische Versicherung (NV), an insurance company. 
The stadium is located in the Ratzersdorf district of St. Pölten on the grounds of the Lower Austria Sports Center. It is the eighth expansion stage (after a tennis hall, an ice rink, etc.).

The stadium has around 8,000 seats. 800 seats are VIP boxes and a business club. If necessary, the capacity can be expanded to 13,000 seats without major modifications .

The roof of the stadium is made of wood (both its primary and secondary construction). The playing field is directly followed by the spectator stands with twelve rows . They are completely covered. The NV Arena is surrounded by earthen walls. There is a photovoltaic system on the roof area which supply the stadium with electricity.

Next to the arena, 16 bus parking spaces, 50 disabled parking spaces, 800 car parking spaces and 500 bicycle spaces were built. The arena is connected to St. Pölten main station by the public bus line LUP line 7. The stadium can be reached by car via the Kremser Expressway (exit “St. Pölten Nord”).

Channel Chasers

Channel Chasers is the second feature length episode of The Fairly OddParents. It is the highest rated episode of the show on IMDb.

In the future, Timmy’s babysitter Vicky is the dictator of the world so Timmy’s friends try to use Time travel to stop her from taking over but they lose to a ninja who works for Vicky and then goes back in time to kill Timmy Turner so that he doesn’t become dangerous to her. 

Twenty years before that, Timmy gets in trouble with his parents for watching too much television so they leave him with Vicky who shoots at him with a flamethrower. Timmy’s parents don’t believe him that Vicky is evil so Cosmo and Wanda give Timmy a magic remote so that he can go into different tv shows. Then Timmy gets in trouble for watching TV, so Vicky gets the remote. Timmy then uses a different magic remote to run away into television. Vicky decides to use her remote to take over the world while the ninja turns out to be an adult Timmy from the future. After Vicky sends him back to the future, Timmy uses his remote to become an adult so that the remotes will stop working. Timmy’s parents find out Vicky is evil and almost fire her but then Timmy erases their memories so he can keep his fairies. When Timmy grows up, he has his own children named Tommy and Tammy who have Cosmo and Wanda as their fairies. 

The critics liked it a lot when it came out and according to IMDb, it’s the best episode of the Fairly OddParents. 

Channel Chasers was the second Fairly OddParents movie but Butch Hartman and Guy Moon later made a third called 

Pseudophilautus caeruleus

Pseudophilautus caeruleus is a frog. It lives in the hills in the middle of Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 810 and 1370 meters above sea level.

Guy Moon

Guy Moon is an American musician and composer who created the music that was used in The Fairly OddParents and Danny Phantom. Guy Moon, Butch Hartman and Steve Marmel were nominated for awards for the songs “If Every Day Could Be Christmas” from The Fairly OddParents Christmas episode,“What Girls Love” from The Fairly OddParents Valentine's Day episode, “It’s Great to be a Guy” from the same Valentine’s Day Episode , “Real and Scary” from the Halloween episode and “Wish Come True” from Abra-Catastrophe!. 

Moon also made the music for the song “Wish Come True” from Channel Chasers which was cut from the episode and all the music for the songs in . Moon also made the music for the Theme song of Danny Phantom. Moon and Butch Hartman also made the song “You Will Remember” from Danny Phantom.

School’s Out: The Musical

The Pixies kidnap and adopt a clown baby named Flappy Bob so that they can trick all the adults in Dimsdale into not letting kids have fun on Summer Vacation. Then Timmy Turner wishes that kids rule the world. Then all the fairies have to leave because kids don’t need them anymore. So pixies can grant wishes instead. Flappy Bob wishes for the world to be safe and boring. Then Flappy Bob changes his mind and wishes everything were “as it should be” so the fairies come back and Flappy Bob meets his parents again. 

1) Kids Just Being Kids

2) Get Flappy

3) Adults Ruin Everything 

4) Da Pixie Rap

5) I’m Ten and in Charge

6) Where is the Fun?

7) Floating with You

8) Unfundamentals 

9) Kids Just Being Kids (reprise). 

The next Fairly OddParents movie, Fairy Idol also had songs in it and in it the pixies also sing Rap like they did in School’s Out. 

Fairy Idol

Fairy Idol is the fourth Television movie of The Fairly OddParents after Abra-Catastrophe!, Channel Chasers and .

After Cosmo and Wanda quit, every magical being has a singing competition like American Idol to figure out who should take their job. 

A Genie named Norm realizes that if he becomes a fairy, he won’t have to go back to his lamp so he tricks the Mayor into wishing that the lamp would go to Timmy Turner’s best friend Chester. When Chester wishes to spend more time with Timmy, Norm creates an evil Timmy clone to pretend to be Timmy for Cosmo and Wanda while the real Timmy is with Chester. The Timmy clone is mean to Cosmo and Wanda so they quit and the fairies have to figure out who should take over. Norm makes Chester’s dad great at Baseball so Norm can go to the singing contest and Norm cheats to win against Cosmo and Wanda. Norm becomes Chester’s fairy. Chester accidentally causes a lot of problems so Chester wishes Norm were Timmy’s fairy. Norm tells Timmy to wish for Norm’s freedom and that if he does then he might give Timmy his fairies back. Timmy says he won’t wish for anything so Norm explodes. When Timmy wants to wish everything back to how it was, Norm quits. So Chester wishes for “everything to go back to the way it was before I found this stupid lamp”. And it does. Timmy learns to be less selfish. 

1) The theme song of The Fairly OddParents

2) My Shiny Teeth and Me (sung by the Tooth fairy.

3) I’m Too Sexy for My Sexy (a parody of I’m Too Sexy for my Shirt)

4) I can’t live without Love (sung by Cupid, a parody of I can’t live without you.)

5) Not Pixies (sung by Lawn Gnomes)

6) I’m Sanderson (sung by Sanderson the Pixie)

7) Give Me The Wand (sung by Norm and Cosmo and Wanda, parody of A Friend like Me from Aladdin. 

The next Fairly OddParents tv movie was Fairly OddBaby where Timmy wishes for Cosmo and Wanda to have a baby. Fairy Idol was also the last time Norm was in the show.

Black swan theory

The Black Swan theory is a metaphor that describes an event that comes as a surprise, has a major effect, with little explanation as to why it happened. These events are typically not meant to happen and are not prepared for. but are believed to have been unavoidable. The term was used because of an ancient saying that black swans did not exist, until found in Australia in 1697. This was an unexpected event, hence the name.

The theory was developed by Nassim Nicholas Taleb in 2001.

Marie-Jean Hérault de Séchelles

Marie-Jean Hérault de Séchelles 20 September 1759 – 5 April 1794) was a French judge, freemason and politician who took part in the French Revolution.and presidents of the National Convention.

Henri Grégoire

Henri Jean-Baptiste Grégoire 4 December 1750 – 28 May 1831), often referred to as the Abbé Grégoire, was a French Catholic priest, and presidents of the National Convention.

Vandermonde matrix

In Linear Algebra, a Vandermonde matrix, named after Alexandre-Théophile Vandermonde, is a formula_1 matrix with the form:
with entries formula_3, the "j" power of the number formula_4, for all indices formula_5 and formula_6 where formula_5 and formula_6 start at 0. Most authors define the Vandermonde matrix as the transpose of the above matrix.

Vandermonde matrices are commonly used in introductory Linear Algebra courses to prove least squares solutions.

Wishology

Wishology is a trilogy of Television movies of The Fairly OddParents called Wishology Part 1: The Big Beginning, Wishology Part II: The Exciting Middle Part and Wishology Part III: The Final Ending.

Jorgen von Strangel, the toughest fairy in the entire Universe makes everyone forget who Timmy Turner is to protect him and hides all the fairies. He tells Timmy that Timmy is The Chosen One. Timmy is attacked by giant robots called the Eliminators and every star disappears from the sky. Timmy is mistaken for an alien and hunted down by the government. Then Timmy teams up with Kiss to stop a space Vortex called the Darkness from eating the Universe. Then it turns out that Timmy was never actually the Chosen One and the real Chosen One Turbo Thunder fell asleep so Timmy had to save the Universe instead. 

Timmy Turner becomes famous for beating the Darkness. Then the Eliminators attack the plant Yugopatamia to steal its Shapeshifting Technology. Their prince Mark Chang goes to Timmy for help. The Eliminators kidnap and replace Timmy’s friends and family and also kidnap Timmy’s fairies Cosmo and Wanda. So Timmy and Mark team up with Timmy’s enemies and Turbo Thunder. Timmy jumps into the Darkness to save everyone else and they decide that they have to rescue him. 

Timmy’s team rescues him from the Darkness. The leader of the Eliminators wants to kill Timmy but the Darkness says no. The Lead Eliminator attacks Earth anyway so Timmy tricks into blowing itself up. When the Darkness shows up, Timmy says he won’t fight since the Darkness never attacked first. Timmy gets his baby godbrother Poof to smile and turns the Darkness into “the Kindness”. 

Crossodactylus lutzorum

Lutz's spinythumb frog ("Crossodactylus lutzorum") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Fazenda Água Branca in Bahia.

Crossodactylus franciscanus

Crossodactylus franciscanus is a frog. It lives in Brazil. It has been found in two places, both in Minas Gerais.

Ell, Netherlands

Ell is a village in the Dutch province of Limburg. It is in the municipality of Leudal.


Bertrand Barère

Bertrand Barère de Vieuzac 10 September 1755 – 13 January 1841 was a French politician, freemason,journalist, and one of the most prominent members of the National Convention,

Hook of Holland

Hoek van Holland (Hook of Holland) is a coastal town in the Dutch province of South Holland.




Lynx (disambiguation)

A lynx is a type of wild cat.

Lynx may also refer to:


Ernesto Lazzatti

Ernesto Lazzatti (25 September 1915 - 30 December 1988) was an Argentine football midfielder and sports journalist. He played as a centre-half. At the beginning of his career, in the Quinta División of Puerto Comercial, he played as a right inside; it was Santos Ursino, the first-team centre-half, who advised him to change his position, taking on more defensive duties. Lazzatti was inspired by Luis Monti and Adolfo Zumelzú, players he admired for their very different characteristics; another of his role models was Santos Ursino himself. Gifted with a clear vision of the game and a sense of timing in passing, he demonstrated his skills from a young age, so much so that he was nicknamed El Pibe de Oro (the golden boy). In addition to his technical qualities, he was also able to make passes, both short and long, and to play in the air; One of his weaknesses was his shooting accuracy, which he lacked. He was also a fair player: during his career he was never sent off. Osvaldo Soriano called him "the best centre-half Boca Juniors have ever had". Lazzatti is considered as one of best center-halves of all time.

Ernesto Lazzatti was born on September 25, 1915 in Ingeniero White, a neighborhood of Bahía Blanca, in the province of Buenos Aires. He started playing football at Puerto Comercial, a club based in Bahía Blanca, where he was spotted by scouts from the capital's Boca Juniors. The Juniors signed Ernesto Lazzatti as a professional player in 1934. The midfielder spent the next thirteen years with Boca Juniors, making 379 league appearances, scoring sixteen goals, he made an outstanding midfield line with Carlos Sosa and Natalio Pescia. In his first season with the club from the working-class district of La Boca, Lazzatti won the Argentine championship. In the 1934 Primera División, Boca Juniors were in first place at the end of all matchdays, one point ahead of Independiente Avellaneda. The following year, they were able to defend this championship, this time three points separated Boca from their main rivals Independiente. It took five years until 1940 for Boca Juniors and Ernesto Lazzatti to win the Argentine championship again. Again ahead of Independiente, they finished first in the Primera División, which meant Ernesto Lazzatti's third championship with Boca Juniors. With El Pibe de Oro, Lazzatti's nickname, which Diego Maradona was also given decades later, Boca Juniors were successful again in the 1943 season. They finished first in the Primera División, one point ahead of defending champions CA River Plate. And a year later, Ernesto Lazzatti won his fifth and final league title in a Boca Juniors shirt. This time, they left River Plate behind by two points.

Ernesto Lazzatti played for Boca Juniors until 1946, when he left the club for Uruguay. Lazzatti joined Danubio FC and spent two more years playing Uruguayan football before retiring in 1948 at the age of 33.

In 1936 and 1937, Ernesto Lazzatti made four appearances for the Argentine national football team. He did not manage to score. It was during this time that the team took part in the Campeonato Sudamericano 1937, which was won by the Argentine team. In the decisive final match in front of 80,000 spectators at the old Estadio Gasómetro in San Lorenzo, the Argentine team led by players such as Vicente de la Mata, Roberto Cherro and Antonio Sastre prevailed 2-0 after extra time and brought the South American Cup back to their own country. Lazzatti was part of the midfield line along with Antonio Sastre and Celestino Martínez during that tournament.

In 1950, after the third matchday, Lazzatti replaced the Hungarian Ferenc Plattkó as coach of Boca Juniors, who had managed to prevent the club's relegation the previous year. Until then, the club had one win and two defeats. Under Lazzatti, Boca Juniors finished the season as runners-up. Lazzatti then left the club because he had fallen out with a member of the club's management. He then opened a car dealership in Temperley, Buenos Aires.

In 1954, he succeeded György Orth as coach of Boca Juniors, this time winning the league with a four-point lead over Independiente. This was the club's first championship since he won the title with them as a player in 1944. Boca Juniors had an average attendance of 30,000 this year, the highest in the club's history. Lazzatti said goodbye to the club after this success and was replaced by Jaime Sarlanga.

From then on, he worked as a sports journalist. He first worked for El Gráfico, then for La Prensa and Canal 7. He died on the penultimate day of 1988 at the age of 73.




Motte-and-bailey fallacy

The motte-and-bailey fallacy is a way of arguing where someone uses two different ideas that seem similar but are not the same. One idea (the "motte") is easy to defend and not very controversial. The other (the "bailey") is more controversial and harder to defend. When someone argues for the controversial idea but gets challenged, they switch to defending the less controversial one. This makes it look like their original point is still valid, even though they are now arguing something different.

This fallacy (incorrect argument in logic and rhetoric) is named after a type of medieval castle called a motte-and-bailey. Nicholas Shackel, a philosopher, first talked about this fallacy in 2005. He compared it to the castle's defense strategy. In a motte-and-bailey castle, there's a stone tower on a hill (the motte) and a land area around it (the bailey). If attackers come, people in the castle retreat to the motte, which is easier to defend. Similarly, in the fallacy, the arguer retreats to the easier-to-defend idea when their main idea is attacked.

Apple I

The Apple I is a simple, 8-bit Personal computer and was the first offical product of the company, Apple Inc. It was designed by Steve Wozniak in 1976 as a simple computer board. Steve Jobs saw the computer board and decided to make a company called Apple Computer to sell it for $666.66. They ended selling up around 200 units and it was succeeded by the Apple II.

Marc Webb

Marc Preston Webb is an American director who made the movies 500 Days of Summer, The Amazing Spider-Man (2012 movie), The Amazing Spider-Man 2, Gifted, and The Only Living Boy in New York.

Many-worlds interpretation

The Many Worlds Interpretation of Quantum Mechanics is a theory about the Multiverse. 

Max Planck said that Electrons were more like waves than particles. This was called the Quantum theory. Albert Einstein said that electrons were sometimes waves and sometimes particles. This is called wave–particle duality. Niels Bohr said that when you see electrons, they’re either waves or particles but never both, but when you don’t see electrons they’re both waves and particles at the same time. This is part of the Copenhagen interpretation of quantum theory. Einstein said Bohr was wrong because “God does not play dice with The Universe”. Erwin Schrödinger came up with Schrödinger's cat to prove that Bohr was wrong. In the 1950s, Dr. Hugh Everett decided to answer the Schrödinger's cat argument with the idea that when there’s more than one possible thing that can happen, every one of them will happen at the same time, but each one will be in its own universe and nothing from one universe can go into another universe. This is like the idea of the multiverse but the difference is that it doesn’t just say that there are parts of the Universe that we can’t see but that there are different universes.

The theory (sometimes) gets mentioned in television shows, movies, and other popular culture.

In the last episode of Scooby-Doo! Mystery Incorporated, Velma Dinkley wonders why she and her friends are now in a world without real Monsters and then shouts Schrödinger's cat, so her friend Marcy asks “What does the Many-Worlds interpretation of Quantum Mechanics have to do with this?” and Velma says “everything”.

In The Big Bang Theory, Penny asks Sheldon Cooper to dance and Sheldon says that he believes in the Many-worlds interpretation of Quantum mechanics which means that there is an Infinity of Parallel universes but he isn’t dancing in any of them. Penny asks, “Are you fun in any of them?” and Sheldon says, “In some of them, I’m a Clown made of Candy”.

In the television show The Flash, when people come from other Universes, Dr. Stein says that is possible because of the Many Worlds Interpretation. 

In the movie , when Mysterio says he’s from another universe, Peter Parker wonders how that’s impossible when the Many-worlds interpretation says that something cannot leave its own universe. 

And then in the next movie , different Spider-Men and different villains come from different dimensions into the main universe. 

Scooby Doo: Mystery Incorporated, Wikiquote
Big Bang Theory, The Gothowitz Deviation IMDB

“You’re Saying There’s a Multiverse?” Spider-Man: Far From Home (2019) Movie Clip HD

Not Now John

"Not Now John" is a 1983 song by Pink Floyd and was taken from their 12th studio album "The Final Cut". It went to number 30 in the United Kingdom and number 20 in Ireland and is sung by David Gilmour with Roger Waters singing the interludes and refrains.

TLC (TV network)

TLC is an American cable television channel owned by Warner Bros. Discovery. First started in 1980 as The Learning Channel, it focused on educational and teaching programming. By the late 1990s, after being bought by the owners of Discovery Channel earlier in the decade, the network began to move towards reality television programming—predominantly focusing on programming involving lifestyles and personal stories—to the point that the previous name of "The Learning Channel" was stopped.

As of February 2015, TLC is available to watch in about 95 million American households (81.6% of households with cable television) in the United States.

Chase Oliver

Chase Russell Oliver (born August 16, 1985) is an American political activist, sales account executive, and HR representative. Oliver was the Libertarian nominee for the 2022 United States Senate election in Georgia and the 2020 Georgia's 5th congressional district special election. He is a candidate for the Libertarian presidential nomination in the 2024 United States presidential election.

In the 2022 Georgia special United States Senate election, Oliver received over 2% of the popular vote, possibly acting as a spoiler candidate and forcing the Georgia senate race into a run-off.

Oliver is openly gay and resides in the suburbs of Atlanta.

C. C. Beck

Charles Clarence Beck (June 8, 1910 – November 22, 1989) was an American cartoonist and comic book artist, best known for his work on Captain Marvel (today known as Shazam!) at Fawcett Comics and DC Comics.

Mister Mind

Mister Mind is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by Otto Binder and C. C. Beck originally for publication by Fawcett Comics, first appearing in "Captain Marvel Adventures" #26. (1943).

He is an evil telepathic space-worm from the planet Venus who is an enemy of Captain Marvel (also known as Shazam) in Fawcett City. His incredible mental powers allow him to mind control his victims, taking advantage of and replacing anyone he needs to impersonate. Despite his diminutive appearance, he is an extremely formidable opponent and has gone through several monstrous transformations over the years. He is the leader of the Monster Society of Evil, an appropriately named organization that fights the Marvel Family.

Mister Mind appears in the DC Extended Universe movies "Shazam!" (2019) and "Shazam! Fury of the Gods" (2023), portrayed in CGI and voiced by director David F. Sandberg.

Lego Scooby-Doo! Haunted Hollywood

Lego Scooby-Doo! Haunted Hollywood - A Lego movie. It's about 4 teenagers: Fred, Daphne, Velma, and Shaggy, and a talking dog named Scooby. They're here to make movies.


National Resistance Brigades

The National Resistance Brigades, also called Martyr Omar Al-Qassem Forces or Martyr Omar Al-Qasim Forces, is the military wing of the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine, operating in the Gaza Strip and conducting guerrilla warfare. Abu Khaled is it's spokesperson as well as one of its commanders. The group originally broke away from the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine in 1969 forming the Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine and also causing the formation of the National Resistance Brigades in 2000.

Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine

The Democratic Front for the Liberation of Palestine (DFLP) is a Palestinian organization. It follows a political ideology of Marxist–Leninism and Maoism. It it also sometimes reffered as the Democratic Front or al-Jabha al-Dīmūqrāṭiyya in the Arabic language (). It is part of the Palestine Liberation Organization, the Alliance of Palestinian Forces, and the Democratic Alliance List. The group was formed in 1969 by breaking away from the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine and was formed by Nayef Hawatmeh.

 

New Jersey Plan

The New Jersey Plan, also known as the Small State Plan or the Paterson Plan, emerged during the Constitutional Convention of 1787 as a counterproposal to the Virginia Plan. William Paterson of New Jersey, along with other delegates from less populous states, voiced concerns about the Virginia Plan's bicameral legislature and proportional representation, fearing it would empower larger states at their expense. The New Jersey Plan advocated for a unicameral legislature, maintaining equal representation for each state, echoing the one-vote-per-state approach of the Articles of Confederation.

The plan proposed amending the Articles of Confederation, granting Congress additional powers such as the ability to raise funds through tariffs, regulate interstate and international commerce, and collect taxes based on free inhabitants and three-fifths of slaves. It also outlined the election of a federal executive and the establishment of a federal judiciary, emphasising the supremacy of the Articles of Confederation and treaties. Despite its rejection on June 19, 1787, the New Jersey Plan influenced the compromise that followed. The Connecticut Compromise, blending elements of both the Virginia and New Jersey Plans, resulted in the current structure of Congress, featuring a Senate with equal state representation and a House of Representatives based on population.

Nurul Syafiqah Hashim

Nurul Syafiqah Hashim (born 1 January 1994) is a Malaysian archer. Syafiqah Hashim competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Syaqiera Mashayikh

Syaqiera binti Mashayikh (born 24 November 2000) is a Malaysian archer. Mashayikh competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

A Prisoner of the Past

"A Prisoner of the Past" is a 1997 song by Prefab Sprout and is the leading single from their sixth studio album "Andromeda Heights". It went to number 30 in the United Kingdom and was their last top 40 single to this date.

CD1

CD2

Captain Boycott (movie)

Captain Boycott is a 1947 British Irish historical drama movie directed by Frank Launder and starring Stewart Granger, Kathleen Ryan, Mervyn Johns, Alastair Sim, Cecil Parker, Edward Lexy, Eddie Byrne and Robert Donat. It was distributed by General Film Distributors.

List of Finland Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Finland Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Finland after playing their first match in 2019.

List of Slovenia Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Slovenia Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Slovenia after playing their first match in July 2022.

Yahya Ayyash

Yahya Abd-al-Latif Ayyash (Arabic: يحيى عياش) (6 March 1966 – 5 January 1996) simply known as Yahya Ayyash was the chief bombmaker of Hamas and the leader of the West Bank battalion of the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades.

Ayyash was known for his expertise in bomb-making and Improvised explosive devices (IEDs), earning him the nickname ""The Engineer"." He played an important role in shaping the tactics of Hamas during a period marked by intense conflict between Israelis and Palestinians.

Yahya Ayyash was born on 6 March, 1966, in Rafat. He was the eldest among the three brothers. During his childhood, he showed a strong commitment to religious studies, earning recognition from the Islamic Trust for his Qur'an memorization skills.

Displaying an ability for electrical and mechanical work, Ayyash engaged in repairing radios and television sets as a young boy. Following his high school graduation in 1985, he pursued higher education at Birzeit University in 1987, where he focused on electrical engineering. Ayyash successfully earned a Bachelor of science degree in electrical engineering in 1991.

This educational background laid the foundation for his later involvement in activities related to his engineering expertise, particularly in the context of the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, where he gained huge fame for his role as a key figure in the Hamas movement.
Denied permission by Israeli authorities to pursue a master's degree in Jordan, Ayyash faced a turning point in his life. It was during this period that he decided to join Hamas, marking a significant shift in his route towards involvement in the activities of the Palestinian militant organization.

Due to the unavailability of TNT and other powerful explosives in Palestinian territories (mainly the West Bank and Gaza Strip), Yahya Ayyash frequently relied on household items. He often combined acetone, found in nail polish remover, with detergent—both easily available everyday products. When these substances mixed, they created acetone peroxide, an explosive known as ""Mother of Satan"" due to its unpredictable nature.
After the assassination of Yitzhak Rabin, the Palestinian Authority began to co-operate more closely with Shin Bet in hunting Ayyash. Shin Bet managed to contact Ayyash's childhood friend Kamil Haddad. Kamil demanded money and israeli identity cards for himself and his wife. After the demand was accepted he agreed to co operate. Shin Bet agents gave Hamad a Mobile phone, and told him it was bugged so they could listen in on Ayyash's conversations. They did not tell Hamad that, in addition to Surveillance devices, it also contained 15 grams of RDX explosive. The phone was handed to Ayyash through Kamil's nephew Osama who was not knowing about his uncle's betrayal.

At around 8 AM on 5 January 1996, Ayyash's father called him. Ayyash picked it up and talked with his father. When the Israeli authorities confirmed it was Ayyash on call they detonated the explosive and thus Ayyash was assassinated.
Following Ayyash's assassination, four suicide bombings took place as a revenge which led to the killing of seventy-eight Israelis between February and March, 1996.

Israeli security services states that,"the attacks were most probably a direct reaction to the assassination of 'Ayyash' [with] no far-reaching political goal."

Israeli press says that soon after Betraying Yahya, Haddad family disappeared from Palestine; it also states that he received US$1 million, a fake passport and a visa to the United States.

Arcen

Arcen is a village in the Dutch province of Limburg. 
Since 2010 Arcen is part of the municipality of Venlo.

The highest temperature ever recorded in Arcen was on 25 July 2019.

The lowest temperature ever recorded in Arcen was on 2 January 1997. 


HEC Paris Innovation &amp; Entrepreneurship Center

HEC Paris Innovation & Entrepreneurship Center is a research center created to develop Innovation and Entrepreneurship at HEC Paris. 

The center is member of Station F and is located in Paris as well as in Jouy-en-Josas. Around 500 students are followed classes over the three diplomas (Master of Science X-HEC Entrepreneurs; Master of Science in Innovation and Entrepreneurship and Executive Master of Science in Innovation an Entrepreneurship) of the school year. The center works with the Polytechnic Institute of Paris (specially the École polytechnique) and Coursera. Courses in the center include Creativity, Global Entrepreneurship, Entrepreneurial Marketing, New Venture Creation, Venture Finance, Entrepreneurial Selling and Social Entrepreneurship.

The center has programs for students as well as for faculty to promote entrepreneurship.


Meritamen

Meritamen was a daughter of Ramses II and his wife Nefertari during the 19th dynasty of Egypt.

Meritamen was a daughter of Ramesses II and one of his wives, Nefertari. She appears as the fourth daughter in the list of daughters in Abu Simbel and had at least four brothers: Amun-her-khepeshef, Pareherwenemef, Meryre and Meryatum, and a sister named Henuttawy.

When her mother died , Meritamen and her half sister married Ramses II, and they held the title of Great royal wife.
Meritamen was buried at QV68 tomb in the Valley of the Queens. The tomb of Meritamen was described by Lepsius. An interesting scene in the tomb shows Meritamen offering cloth boxes to Osiris and Hathor. The inscriptions identify the Queen as King's Daughter, Great Royal Wife Lady of Both Lands (Upper Egypt and Lower Egypt)
Her coffin is now in Berlin museum (15274).



Macedonians in Bulgaria

Macedonians in Bulgaria also known as Pirin Macedonians () are a minority group of in the country of Bulgaria, who live in the Blagoevgrad province. According to Bulgaria's last census in 2021, there are 1,143 Macedonians. 

After the creation of the Principality of Bulgaria in 1878, many Macedonians immigrated to the new state, who created the Macedonian emigration community in Bulgaria. According to the League of Nations, the total number of Macedonian emigrants in Bulgaria for the period from 1878 to the mid-1920s was more than 300,000. It is the largest Macedonian emigration in the world, with enormous intellectual potential and a great cultural heritage. As a result the Macedonian elite grew extremely powerful and were in every corner of Bulgaria.

In the village of Kresna, in Pirin Macedonia on October 17, 1878, the Macedonian Uprising of the Macedonian people against the Ottoman government took place. The main leaders of the uprising were the Macedonian revolutionary Dimitar Pop-Georgiev Berovski and Duke Stojan Karastoilov. In the Constitution of the Macedonian Insurgent Committee from 1878 it is written: 

The uprising was planned to be a general Macedonian uprising and for this purpose, companies were formed in Tetovo, Veles, Skopje, Lerin, Kosturia and other regions in Macedonia. The uprising also aimed, after the liberation of Macedonia, to implement Article 23 of the Berlin Peace Treaty, which provided for autonomy for Macedonia, but also for additional reforms within the Turkish Empire.

After the end of the Balkan wars, Macedonians in Bulgaria in Pirin, together with the Strumica region, became part of the Kingdom of Bulgaria. Within the framework of the Paris Peace Conference after the end of the First World War, with the Nej Peace Treaty of 1919, Bulgaria cedes Strumica to the Kingdom of Yugoslavia, whereby the Pirin part of Macedonia receives the borders in which it is defined until today. In the period after the Balkans and between the two world wars, based on the population exchange agreements between Bulgaria and Greece, a significant number of Macedonians from Aegean Macedonia immigrated to these parts.

in this period IMRO(A) of Todor Aleksandrov, and later Vančo Mihailov, use Pirin Macedonia as a base and shelter from where they often rush into Vardar Macedonia, carrying out armed attacks on the Serbian (Yugoslav) gendarmerie (army), as well as on the settlements with Serbian settlers - colonists. The activity and organization of the IMRO of Todor Alexandrov and Vančo Mihailov will be so great that they will establish their own independent authority in Pirin Macedonia, for which the official Bulgarian authorities will have to intervene under the order of the Bulgarian emperor to remove it.

During the Second World War, Pirin Macedonia, as part of the Kingdom of Bulgaria, will first raise its voice for liberation and unification with the rest of Macedonia. On the territory of Pirin Macedonia already in 1941, partisan detachments were formed under the leadership of the Macedonian communist from this region Nikola Parapunov, and it was in Pirin Macedonia that the first armed struggle against the Bulgarian fascist army and in general the first armed battle against the fascist army of The Balkans. 

On July 1, 1941, a small partisan detachment under the leadership of the Macedonian Ivan Kozarev attacked the Bulgarian fascist police near Razlog, which will officially begin the armed struggle of the Macedonian and other Balkan nations against the fascist occupiers. During the Second World War, Pirin Macedonia and the entire Macedonian people will lose one of the greatest Macedonian national actors and poets from this region, Nikola Vapcarov, who will be shot by the Bulgarian fascists in Sofia in 1942. 

In Pirin Macedonia in August 1943, the first activities of the Macedonian People's Federal Organization will be observed, which will act more actively during the period of national affirmation and freedom of the Macedonians in Pirin Macedonia, from 1944 to 1948 during the rule of Georgi Dimitrov.

Georgi Dimitrov, the leader of the Patriotic Front and the first president of the Peoples Republic of Bulgaria, who on his mother's side had Macedonian origins from the vicinity of Razlog, is the only Bulgarian statesman who not only recognized the existence of the Macedonian people as a separate Slavic nation, the Macedonian language as a separate Slavic language, Macedonian history and the Republic of Macedonia (then the People's Republic of Macedonia) as a national state of the Macedonians, but also advocated for the complete unification of Macedonia within the Balkan Federation.

Georgi Dimitrov in his 1934 letter to MNS from Detroit says:

Georgi Dimitrov will later confirm his views by formulating the following three points: 


Based on the 1946 census, 70% of the population in Pirin Macedonia declared themselves Macedonians. It was also a kind of referendum, so in the schools in Pirin Macedonia, teaching in the Macedonian mother tongue began, Macedonian bookstores were opened, and in Blagoevgrad (known by the native older Macedonians as Gorna Džumaja) the Macedonian National Theater began to work, and a directive was given to draft a legal project according to that the cultural autonomy of the Macedonians in Pirin Macedonia should be transformed into a territorial one. 

However, with the resolution of the Infoburo (the cooling of relations between the SFRY and Bulgaria), the death of Georgi Dimitrov and the coming to power of Todor Zhivkov, all this is prohibited, canceled and stopped due to the nationalistic xenophobic views of Zhivkov. Around the time the Bulgarian authority began stripping away the rights of Macedonians in Bulgaria, the Macedonian newspaper "Macedonian Flag" ("Makedonsko Zname") called into action that all Macedonians should act up and start revolting to safe their identity in the Bulgarian state, they wrote in a article titled ""We Must Escape from the Magic Circle"" and said:

Nebettawy

Nebettawy (also spelled Nebettauy) which means "Lady of the Two Lands" was an ancient Egyptian princess and queen, the fifth daughter of Ramses II in the procession of the daughters as depicted at Abu Simbel. 
Nebettawy may have been the daughter of Ramesses's wife, Nefertari. She would also later marry her father and became his great royal wife (possibly after death of Meritamen). 

Nebettawy appears as the fifth princess in procession of royal daughters as depicted in the temple of Abu Simbel. She appears after Bintanath, Bakmut, Nefertari, and Meritamen. The princesses are shown shaking a sistrum.

Nebettawy is not shown on the smaller temple of Abu Simbel. Nefertari is shown with Meritamen and Henuttawy on the facade of this temple. Nebettawy was later buried in QV60, the tomb was robbed during the antiquity period. It was later changed into a Christian chapel.

Neferu I

Neferu I ("the beauty") was the first queen of Ancient Egyptian Eleventh dynasty. She was a wife of the Pharaoh Mentuhotep I.
She was married to Mentuhotep I and had with him two sons Intef I and Intef II and she was a grandmother of Intef III and Queen Iah, his wife. She was also a great-grandmother of Neferu II.

Her importance is confirmed by the number of the times she is mentioned in her son's texts . She is identified as the mother of Intef II as she is mentioned in multiple texts of her son as "born of Neferu"

It is also possible that she is the same as the Queen Neferukayet, who is thought to be wife of Intef II. Her titles would be then:

"King's wife, his beloved", "King's daughter" and "Royal Ornament".

SAK Sportanlage Nonntal

The SAK Sportanlage Nonntal, also known as SAK-Platz, was a football stadium in the Nonntal district of Salzburg. It was the home of Salzburg's oldest football club, Salzburger AK 1914.
SAK played in Hellbrunn for the first few years after its founding in 1914. In 1921 it found a new home on the Berchtold Grounds in Nonntal. There they played until the facility was demolished in 2007. The first clubhouse was built around 1931 . A wooden stand was built in 1935, but it burned down in October 1949. In 1968/69 a concrete standing stand and the changing rooms underneath were built. On January 4, 2006, the roof of the grandstand, that had been brought from Lehen, collapsed due to heavy snow loads.

Because of the poor condition of parts of the facility demolition of the facility and the construction of the Sportzentrum Mitte have been considered since the 1980s. Demolition finally began in August 2007. Today the Unipark Nonntal, a building of the University of Salzburg, is located on the site.

Billy Graham rule

The Billy Graham rule is a rule that some preachers and Christian leaders follow. They do not spend time alone with any woman except their wife. This is done to avoid sexual temptation, and it may prevent false accusations of sexual misconduct. Some people call this rule the Modesto Manifesto. In 1948, Graham preached in meetings in Modesto, California. Together with Cliff Barrows, Grady Wilson and George Beverly Shea, Billy Graham promised to "avoid any situation that would have even the appearance of compromise or suspicion" 

In 2017, it began to be also called the Mike Pence rule. The US vice president is a practicing Evangelical Christian. He also supported the idea. Some people do not like the rule. It limits the careers of women who might need to meet with a male boss or co-worker. 

WAGR P class (diesel)

The WAGR P class were a total of 17 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (trading as Westrail) from 1989 to 2000.

The P class were built by A. Goninan and Coy of Bassendean from 1989 to 1991. They entered service primarily on grain and general goods traffic, replacing 21 locomotives operating at the time. They became the primary motive power on the line of the old Midland Railway.

All were included in the sale of Westrail to the Australian Railroad Group (ARG) in late 2000. All units remain in traffic mainly on agricultural goods trains around the Wheatbelt.

Rock with Sedaka

Rock with Sedaka or just known as Neil Sedaka is the debut studio album by Neil Sedaka. It was released in July, 1959 through RCA Victor records. Two singles were released from the album "The Diary" went to number 14 in the United States and "I Go Ape".

All songs were composed by Neil Sedaka and Howard Greenfield.

Cyprus Confidential

Cyprus Confidential is an investigation that became known to the public in November 2023. The investigation has given indications that show "how 67 of the 105 Russian billionaires on the 2023 Forbes World’s Billionaires List used financial services firms on the island to hide their wealth and keep it out of reach from Western sanctions"; The International Consortium of Investigative Journalists (ICIJ) and nearly "70 media organizations" had been doing the investigation, until the news story was published (in November).

European Terrestrial Reference System 1989

The European Terrestrial Reference System 1989 (ETRS89) is a geodetic group used for the Eurasian Plate. Since it does not move, it is not changed by Continental Drift. The Making of ETRS is connected to the geodetic gorup called The ITRS Geodetic datum. The group shows continental drift in a way that the movement of continental drift is none. 
ETRS89 was made by the Florence meeting of EUREF in 1990.

National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency

The National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency (NGA) is an agency inside the United States Department of Defense. Their work is collecting, looking at, and giving out geospatial intelligence for national security. It was called the National Imagery and Mapping Agency (NIMA) from 1996 to 2003.

NGA headquarters, also known as NGA Campus East or NCE, is at Fort Belvoir North Area in Springfield, Virginia. The agency also runs major places in the St. Louis, Missouri area (referred to as NGA Campus West or NCW), they also have offices worldwide. The area of the NGA headquarters is . It is the third-largest government building in the Washington metropolitan area after The Pentagon and the Ronald Reagan Building.

NGA also helps during natural and man-made disasters, aids in security planning for major events such as the Olympic Games, and gets data on climate change.

The director of the agency is Vice Admiral Frank D. Whitworth III.

Vertical datum

In geodesy, vertical datum or altimetric datum, is a coordinate surface used for vertical positions, such as the elevations of Earth-bound things, and altitudes of satellite orbits and in aviation.

Elena Maroulleti

Elena Maroulleti is a Greek Cypriot American independent Journalist and reporter and she is the first Greek Cypriot American to introduce internet radio and the second in the world to introduce an online Internet Radio Station streaming 24 hours 7 days a week called, AKTINA FM.

Ms. Maroulleti comes from the coastal town of famagusta in northern Cyprus. She studied at the London College of Secretaries and later in New York, at the Fashion Institute of Technology through a scholarship from her employer American Broadcasting Company (ABC).

Elena worked for TIAA-CREF in administration and later for ABC News in support of the network’s World News Tonight, Nightline, 20/20 and Good Morning America news programs.

Ms. Maroulleti co-founded and established the first Greek Cypriot Folk Dancing Group in America, “The Vraka,” which later became a fully-fletched cultural non-profit and tax-exempt organization known as, CYPRECO of America, Inc.

In 1993, she founded AKTINA Productions,Inc ., a non-profit and tax-exempt Media and Arts Cultural organization promoting the cultures of Greece and Cyprus through radio, television and live performances. That same year she also founded and established AKTINA FM as the first bilingual Greek American Radio on WNYE 91.5FM and soon later on the Internet. AKTINA Productions, Inc., owns and operates both AKTINA FM and AKTINA TV. In 1994 she introduced the successful concert series, GREEK MUSIC JOURNEY (GMJ). 

In 2002 she founded AKTINA TV, the first English-language Greek American Television program available in New York City on a local channel (WNYE Channel 25). Since then, she has produced for AKTINA TV over 100 mini documentaries and stories on the cultures, history and ancient sites of Cyprus and Greece and about the Greek American and Greek Cypriot American community. 

Elena Maroulleti was honored as “Personality of the Year” by the international magazine Yessiey at the “Yessiey Awards 2023” which celebrated women “Innovators and Change-Makers.”

She was awarded by elected U.S officials with Citations, Proclamations and Congressional records and she is also the recipient of the “Women of Achievement Pacesetter Award 2000” initiated and presented by former Council Speaker Peter Vallone, Sr., on March 28, 2000.

AKTINA FM

AKTINA FM, the first and only true bilingual Greek American Radio, delivers a wide variety of public service programs of culture, enlightenment and entertainment.

AKTINA FM was honored by the City of New York with a Street co-naming - “AKTINA FM Way” -becoming the first and only Greek American Radio with a Street named after it. This honor was bestowed upon the radio on its 25th anniversary in recognition of its important contributions for New Yorkers and for the promotion of the Greek and Cypriot cultures in America.

AKTINA FM was founded on May 3, 1993 in New York City by Elena Maroulleti, an independent journalist and reporter. It is the only Greek American Radio Station streaming online in a true bilingual format, and the second Online Radio Station to emerge in the world.

AKTINA FM, was initially introduced by Ms. Maroulleti on New York’s public station, WNYE 91.5FM as the first Greek American bilingual radio and soon after online.

In 2016, AKTINA FM expanded its presence on the Internet becoming a fully fletched Online Radio Station streaming 24 hours 7 days a week nationwide in the U.S.A and worldwide. It has over one million listeners in the Tri-State area of New York and over two million worldwide. AKTINA FM is owned and operated by the non-profit and tax-exempt Media and Arts Cultural Organization, AKTINA Productions, Inc.


Pseudophilautus decoris

The elegant shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus decoris") is a frog. It lives in two places in Sri Lanka, one 60 m above sea level and one 1060 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 18.3–20.6 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 19.0–23.9 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is gray-brown in color with dark brown bands and other marks. There is some yellow-green color on the shoulders and red-brown color in the middle., and two black stripes. The sides of the body are yellow-gray in color with some dark brown marks. Parts of the back legs are light blue in color. The belly is yellow with small black spots. The bottoms of the feet are black with white marks.

The female frog lays 6-155 eggs at a time. She mixes them into the dirt. Scientists think this means more air will reach the eggs this way. Inside the eggs, the growing frogs look like tadpoles, but they hatch as small frogs. The young frogs are the same colors as the adult frogs.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. It is in danger of being dead. Scientists say this is because human beings change the places where the frog lives to get wood to build things with or make places for animals to eat grass and because of climate change and new chemicals near where the frog lives. Other animals also eat this frog. Some of them have been in the frog's habitat for many years. Others were brought there by human beings. Scientists are not sure whether the fungal disease chytridiomycosis is in Sri Lanka. Chytridiomycosis has killed frogs in other parts of the world.

The scientific name "decoris" comes from a Greek word meaning "beautiful" or "elegant."

GlTF

glTF is a file format for 3D models, 3D scenes, and 3D assets. It is a standard file format that can be read by many programs. A glTF file can have file extensions of .gltf (JSON/ASCII) or .glb (binary). Both .gltf and .glb files may use external resources, such as for images or mesh data. Or, both may have data embedded inside of them (as base64-encoded text in .gltf files or as raw bytes in .glb files). glTF is an open standard developed and maintained by the Khronos Group. glTF supports 3D model geometry, appearance, scene graph hierarchy, and animation. glTF is intended to be a simple, portable, and compatible format for 3D assets, reducing file size and runtime processing by apps. As such, its creators have called it the "JPEG of 3D."

The glTF format stores data primarily in JSON. The binary .glb format is still JSON data, but saved as a binary blob instead of plain text. The JSON may also contain blobs of binary data known as buffers, and use external files, for storing mesh data, images, etc.

The fundamental building blocks of a glTF scene are nodes. Nodes are organized into a hierarchy. Nodes may have other nodes defined as children. Nodes may have transforms relative to their parent. Nodes may use resources, such as meshes, skins, and cameras. Meshes may refer to materials, which refer to textures, which refer to images. Scenes are defined using an array of root nodes.

Most of the top-level glTF properties use a flat hierarchy for storage. Nodes are saved in an array called "nodes", and are pointed to by index, including by other nodes. A glTF scene points to its root nodes by index. Furthermore, nodes point to meshes by index, which point to materials by index, which point to textures by index, which point to images by index.

All glTF data structures can be extended using an "extensions" JSON property. This allows adding arbitrary JSON data to any part of the glTF. The specifics of the data are defined using an extension specification which builds on the base glTF spec. See the Extensions section for more information.

Members of the COLLADA working group created glTF in 2012. At SIGGRAPH 2012, Khronos showed a demo of glTF, which was then called WebGL Transmissions Format (WebGL TF). On October 19, 2015, Khronos released the glTF 1.0 specification.

At SIGGRAPH 2016, Oculus announced they were adopting glTF because of the similarities to their ovrscene format. In October 2016, Microsoft joined the Khronos 3D Formats working group to work together on glTF.

glTF 2.0 was released in June 2017. glTF 2.0 was a huge change compared to version 1.0. Most tools adopted the 2.0 version. Physically based rendering (PBR) was added, replacing WebGL shaders used in glTF 1.0, thanks to a proposal by Fraunhofer at SIGGRAPH 2016. Changes were made to accessors and morph targets for facial animation. Top-level glTF object properties were replaced with arrays for faster index-based access. There were many other schema tweaks and breaking changes compared to glTF 1.0. There is ongoing work towards import and export in Unity and an integrated multi-engine viewer / validator.

On March 3, 2017, Microsoft announced that they will be using glTF 2.0 as the 3D asset format in their apps, including Paint 3D, 3D Viewer, Remix 3D, Babylon.js, and Microsoft Office. Sketchfab also announced support for glTF 2.0. As of 2019, the glTF and GLB formats are used by companies including DGG, UX3D, Sketchfab, Facebook, Microsoft, Oculus, Google, Adobe, Box, TurboSquid, Unreal Engine and Qt Quick 3D. The glTF format is an important standard for augmented reality because it works with Autodesk Maya, Autodesk 3ds Max, and Poly.

In February 2020, the Smithsonian Institution started their Open Access Initiative, releasing approximately 2.8 million 2D images and 3D models into the public domain, using glTF for the 3D models.

In July 2022, glTF 2.0 was released as the ISO/IEC 12113:2022 International Standard. Khronos said they will keep ISO/IEC 12113 updated with new glTF functionality to ensure that the ISO/IEC and Khronos specifications stay in sync.

The glTF format can be extended with arbitrary JSON to add new data and functionality. Extensions can be placed on any part of a glTF, including nodes, animations, materials, textures, and on the entire file. Khronos keeps a list of some glTF extensions on GitHub, including all official extensions from Khronos and a few third-party extensions.






On August 10, 2015, 3D Tiles was built on glTF. 3D Tiles adds spatial data, metadata, and geospatial data. The geospatial data can be styled and streamed. 3D Tiles is now a proposed OGC Community Standard.

VRM, a model format for VR, is built on the .glb format. It is a 3D human avatar file format.

Khronos works on the glTF Sample Viewer to view assets, as part of the glTF Software ecosystem. Khronos also works on the Validator, which validates glTF assets.

glTF files can be used in many open-source WebGL engines including PlayCanvas, Three.js, Babylon.js, Cesium, PEX, xeogl, and A-Frame. The Godot game engine supports and recommends glTF files, with both import and export support.

Open-source glTF converters allow converting from COLLADA, FBX, and OBJ. Assimp can import and export glTF.

glTF files can be exported from many 3D editors, such as Blender, Vectary, Autodesk 3ds Max (natively or using Verge3D exporter), Autodesk Maya (using babylon.js exporter), Autodesk Inventor, Modo, Houdini, Paint 3D, Godot, and Substance Painter.

Open-source glTF utility libraries are available for programming languages including JavaScript, Node.js, C++, C#, Haskell, Java, Go, Rust, Haxe, Ada, and TypeScript.

3D Commerce, a standards group for 3D content in e-commerce, uses glTF for realistic 3D assets. In June 2021, the 3D Commerce viewer certification program was launched, allowing 3D viewers to prove they can accurately and reliably display 3D products using the glTF file format. 3D Commerce's asset guidelines, released in 2020, include best practices for using glTF files in 3D Commerce.



Jacques Defermon des Chapelieres

Jacques Defermon des Chapelieres (15 November 1752 – 20 July 1831) was a French statesman during the French Revolution and a supporter of Napoleon Bonaparte and the French Empire. He was president of the National Convention for two times.

Jean-Baptiste Treilhard

Jean-Baptiste Treilhard (3 January 1742 – 1 December 1810) was an important French statesman of the revolutionary period. He was president of the National Convention.

First Intermediate Period

During a time called The First Intermediate Period, which some people call a "dark period," Ancient Egypt went through around 125 years without a strong ruler. This happened after the end of the Old Kingdom, around 2181-2055 BC. The dynasties of the first intermediate period are: the Seventh Dynasty, the Eighth, Ninth, Tenth, and the beginning of the Eleventh Dynasty.
During the First Intermediate Period, which started after the Old Kingdom, there aren't many big buildings or monuments left to show what happened. This is especially true at the beginning of this time. This period was a time when two groups fought for power in Egypt. One group was in a city called Heracleopolis in Lower Egypt, near Fayoum, and the other group was in Thebes, which is in Upper Egypt. Some people think that during this time, temples were robbed, artwork was damaged, and statues of kings were broken or destroyed because of the political mess. The two groups fought against each other, and the group in Thebes won and took over the north. This led to the reunification of Egypt under one ruler named Mentuhotep II during the second part of the Eleventh Dynasty. This event marked the beginning of the Middle Kingdom of Egypt.
In the Sixth Dynasty (2345-2181 BC), the power of the pharaoh decreased as nomarchs (regional governors) emerged. These officials were no longer under the control of the royal family of the 6th dynasty, and their positions became stronger, leading to the formation of local dynasties that had independence from the central control of the pharaoh. 
some sources from later times describe the end of the old kingdom as a time of confusion and mess. The reasons for the end of the Old Kingdom are not clear, but some ideas are suggested: 
The Seventh and Eighth Dynasties are not talked about much because we don't know much about the rulers during these times. A historian named Manetho said there were 70 kings who ruled for just one day each, which probably isn't true because it sounds like he was trying to explain how messed up things were during this time. It's possible that the people in charge during the Seventh Dynasty were important officials from the Sixth Dynasty who wanted to keep control of the country from Memphis. We don't have many clues about the Eighth Dynasty rulers, but they claimed to be related to the Sixth Dynasty kings and also ruled from Memphis. We don't have many artwork or texts from these dynasties, but we've found a few things, like artifacts that belongs to Neferkare II from the Seventh Dynasty, and a green jasper cylinder that might have been made during the Eighth Dynasty. There's also a small pyramid that some people think was built by a king named Ibi during the Eighth Dynasty at Saqqara. Some kings, like Iytjenu, are only mentioned once, so their roles aren't known well.
During the time of the weaker Memphis rulers, a group of kings rose from Heracleopolis in Lower Egypt. These rulers, known as the Ninth and Tenth Dynasties, had a total of 38 listed kings. The Heracleopolitan kings are believed to have gone in wars against the weak Memphite rulers to create the Ninth Dynasty, but there is little evidence to support this theory. The ending of the 9th dynasty,and starting of 10th dynasty was marked by a significant reduction in population in the Nile Valley, and the cause of this is unclear.

The founder of the Ninth Dynasty, Akhthoes or Akhtoy, is often shown as a cruel and violent ruler in historical records, such as those by Manetho. It is possible that Akhthoes and Wahkare Khety I are the same person, as they both share this character and reputation Wahkare Khety I is listed as a king in the Turin king list, and it is said that he caused harm to the Egyptians and eventually died from a crocodile due to his madness.
Kheti I succeeded Akhthoes or Wahkare Khety I, and little is known about his reign. His successor, Kheti III, may have brought some stability to the Delta region, but the power and influence of the Ninth Dynasty kings were less than that of the Old Kingdom pharaohs.

During this time, a distinguished line of nomarchs emerged from the province of Siut (or Asyut) in the south. These warrior princes had close relationships with the Heracleopolitan kings and left inscriptions in their tombs that provide informations about the political situation during their reigns. These inscriptions describe the Siut nomarchs digging canals, reducing taxes, growing crops, taking care of large groups of animals, and managing the army and navy. The province of Siut was in the middle between the rulers in the north and the south, protecting them from getting into conflicts. However, the leaders of Siut often faced attacks from the Theban kings because of their position in this strategic area.

it has been suggested that an invasion of Upper Egypt occurred at the same time as the founding of the Heracleopolitan kingdom, leading to the establishment of the Theban kings, which included the Eleventh dynasty. These kings were believed to be familly of Intef, the nomarch of Thebes, who played an important role in organizing Upper Egypt into an independent one region in the south. Although Intef himself did not claim the title of king, his successors in the Eleventh and Twelfth Dynasties later did so on his behalf. Notably, Intef II made a military campaign against the north, specifically at Abydos.

Around 2060 BC, Intef II defeated the governor of Nekhen, which allowed for further expansion south towards Elephantine. His successor, Intef III, completed the conquest of Abydos and moved into Middle Egypt against the Heracleopolitan kings. The first three kings of the Eleventh Dynasty, all named Intef, were also the last three kings of the First Intermediate Period. They were succeeded by a line of kings, all called Mentuhotep. Mentuhotep II, also known as Nebhepetra, eventually defeated the Heracleopolitan kings around 2033 BC and unified the country to continue the Eleventh Dynasty, bringing Egypt into the Middle Kingdom where Egypt was unified under one sole ruler.

Pierre Victurnien Vergniaud

Pierre Victurnien Vergniaud ( 31 May 1753 – 31 October 1793) was a French lawyer and statesman, a figure of the French Revolution. He was a deputy to the Assembly from Bordeaux. Vergniaud was an good public speaker. He supported Jacques Pierre Brissot and the Girondist faction. He was the President of the National Convention.

Jean-Paul Rabaut Saint-Étienne

Jean-Paul Rabaut Saint-Étienne (4 November 1743 – 5 December 1793) was a leader of the French Protestants and a moderate French revolutionary. He was President of the National Convention.

Jean-Jacques Bréard

Jean-Jacques Bréard (October 1751- January 2, 1840) was born into a family of a navy inspectors. He moved to France as a young boy in 1758. His first involvement in politics included organizing elections to the Estates General in Marennes and President of the National Convention

Eleventh Dynasty of Egypt

The Eleventh Dynasty in ancient Egypt, also called Dynasty XI, is a group of pharaohs who ruled during Middle kingdom, the earlier rulers were grouped with the four dynasties before them and called the First Intermediate Period. Later, the later rulers were considered part of a time called the Middle Kingdom. All of these pharaohs ruled from a place called Thebes, which is in Upper Egypt.

Edmond Louis Alexis Dubois-Crancé

Edmond Louis Alexis Dubois-Crancé (14 October 1747 – 28 June 1814) was a French musketeer, general, and revolutionary politician who was minister of war for a few months. He was the 12th President of the National Convention from 21 February to 7 March 1793.

Armand Gensonné

Armand Gensonné (10 August 1758 in Bordeaux – 31 October 1793 in Paris) was a French politician. He was the 13th President of the National Convention from 7 to 21 March 1793.

Jean Antoine Joseph Debry

Jean-Antoine-Joseph de Bry, also spelled Debry (25 November 1760 – 6 January 1834), was a French politician of the French Revolution. He was President of the National Convention from March to April 1793.

Vector Map

The Vector Map (VMAP) is a map collection made by The NGA. It is based on the geographic information system, and uses the form of Vector for graphics. It has 2 levels of graphics as of current, Level 0, which uses low-quality images, and is in the public domain. Level 1 which uses medium-quality images, and is partly in public domain. 

Hugh Everett

Dr. Hugh Everett was an American physicist who got his Phd in 1957 when he came up with the Many-worlds interpretation of Quantum mechanics. This says that The Universe is not the only world that there is but that there are other Universes. It says that when more than one possible thing can happen, every one of those things happens at the same time and gets its own Universe.

Peter Seidler

Peter Seidler (November 7, 1960 – November 14, 2023) was an American businessman. He was the chairman of the San Diego Padres of Major League Baseball. He died on November 14, 2023, a week after his 63rd birthday.


Abigail Spanberger

Abigail Anne Spanberger (née Davis; born August 7, 1979) is an American politician. She is a U.S. representative from since 2019. She is a member of the Democratic Party. Spanberger is a former CIA officer.

In November 2023 Spanberger announced that she would be retiring from the House to run for Governor of Virginia in the 2025 election.

Sabireen Movement

The Sabireen Movement (, ""), meaning the "Movement of the Patient Ones," was a Palestinian Shia militant group. It formed in early 2014 when leaders in Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ) converted to Shia Islam and became dissatisfied with PIJ's leadership. The group also disagreed with Hamas' stance on the Yemeni Civil War and Syrian Civil War, supporting the Saudi-led intervention and anti-government groups, respectively. The group was later destroyed by Hamas in 2019 and many of the members of the group joined Al-Quds Brigades.

Intef the Elder

Intef the elder was an important Theban ruler during First Intermediate Period, and the founder of 11th dynasty. The Royal List of Karnak mentioned as predecessor of Mentuhothep I.

Intef the Elder was not a pharaoh, but the ruler of Thebes around 2150 BC. In this role, he would have served either a king of the 8th Dynasty or one of the Herakleopolitan kings of the 9th or 10th Dynasty. Intef the Elder’s control would have been from Thebes to Aswan in the south, but not farther north than Coptos, which was then controlled by another dynasty of governers. It is believed that Intef the Elder was the father of his successor on the Theban throne, Mentuhotep I. 
Intef the Elder is also probably the same person as “Intef-aa born of Iku”, to whom Senusret I dedicated a seated statue depicting Intef as a scribe, the texts on the statue says: 

Auguste Mariette discovered a stele belonging to the “hereditary prince Intefi” at Dra’ Abu el-Naga’ on the west bank of Thebes. This stele is currently in the Egyptian Museum (CG 20009). The stele provides information about Intef’s titles and indicates that he served an unnamed pharaoh. 

Monster Society of Evil

The Monster Society of Evil are a fictional team of super-villains who appear in American comic books published by Fawcett Comics. They oppose Captain Marvel and the Marvel Family. Their leader is Mister Mind, a telepathic worm from Venus. They have also been enemies to the All-Star Squadron. There have been many members over the years and several incarnations of the team, but the most known version of it was formed by Black Adam, Oggar, Doctor Sivana, Ibac, King Kull, and Mister Atom.

The Monster Society of Evil was created by Otto Binder and C. C. Beck, first appearing in Captain Marvel Adventures #22 (1943).

Marvel Family

The Marvel Family, also known as the Shazam Family (also Shazamily), is a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published by Fawcett Comics and later acquired by DC Comics. It is the DC Universe's first superhero family. There have been many members over the years, including Uncle Marvel, Captain Marvel Jr., and Mary Marvel; but the original group was founded by Captain Marvel and the Lieutenant Marvels.

During the events of 52, Captain Marvel's longtime foe Black Adam would go on to create his own version of the Marvel Family which he called the Black Marvel Family. In The New 52, the Marvel is now known as the Shazam Family.

The Marvel Family was created by C. C. Beck, first appearing in "Whiz Comics" #21 (1941).

The Shazam Family made their cinematic debut in the DC Extended Universe movie "Shazam!", released in 2019 by New Line Cinema and Warner Bros., and returned in the 2023 sequel, "Shazam! Fury of the Gods".

Mary Marvel

Mary Marvel is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Fawcett Comics and currently by DC Comics. She is the twin sister of Captain Marvel and a member of the Marvel Family, given incredible powers by the Wizard Shazam. Originally, Mary Batson is adopted under the name Mary Bromfield, although she later discovers Billy Batson is her long-lost brother. In The New 52, Mary was known as Lady Shazam. In the Infinite Frontier, Mary later became the new champion of the Wizard and was given the full power of Shazam before later retaking the title of Mary Marvel again. She has been a member of the Justice League, the Super Buddies, and the Black Marvel Family.

The powers she has been granted include S for the grace of Selene, H for the strength of Hippolyta, A for the skill of Ariadne, Z for the fleetness of Zephyrus, A for the beauty of Aurora, and M for the wisdom of Minerva. The Prime Earth version swaps out Artemis for stamina instead of Ariadne, Selene for agility instead of Selena, and Aurora for invulnerability rather than beauty. These are the powers of the mythological figures themselves.

Mary Marvel was created by Otto Binder and Marc Swayze, first appearing in "Captain Marvel Adventures" #18 (1942).

Mary Bromfield and her superhero alter-ego both made their cinematic debut in the DC Extended Universe 2019 movie "Shazam!", played by Grace Fulton and Michelle Borth, respectively. Fulton returned in the sequel, "Shazam! Fury of the Gods," playing both parts.

DC Entertainment

DC Entertainment is a subsidiary of Warner Bros. Discovery that manages its comic book units and intellectual property (characters) in other units based on publications from DC Comics as they work with other Warner Bros units.

DC Entertainment and Troll Court Entertainment produced the "Peacemaker" series, which was released on HBO Max in 2022.

Deir Abi Saeed SC

Deir Abi Saeed Club نادي دير أبي سعيد is one of the Jordanian football clubs. It plays in the Jordanian second division football league, and has participated in the Jordan Cup in several seasons. The club was founded in 1976 AD in the Koura District / Deir Abi Saeed in northern Jordan. The club carries out sporting, cultural and social activities.

California's 1st State Senatorial district

California's 1st Senatorial district is a senatorial district in California.

California's 2nd State Senatorial district

California's 2nd State Senatorial district is a senatorial district in California.

Jaded (Miley Cyrus song)

"Jaded" is a 2023 song by Miley Cyrus and is the third single from her eighth studio album "Endless Summer Vacation". It went to number 27 in the United Kingdom, number 56 in the United States, number 30 in Iceland and Canada, number 75 in Australia and number 21 in Ireland.

Cinclus cinclus

Cinclus cinclus is a kind of bird.

It became the national bird of Norway, in the 1960s.

The Wingfeather Saga

The Wingfeather Saga is a book series that was made by Andrew Peterson. It has four main books, which are called "On the Edge of the Dark Sea of Darkness", "North! Or Be Eaten", "The Monster in the Hollows", and "The Warden and the Wolf King". There are also three side books, which are "Pembrick's Creaturepedia", "Wingfeather Tales", and "A Ranger's Guide to Glipwood Forest". The books were originally published by Rabbit Room Press, then published again with new covers and illustrations in 2020 by WaterBrook & Multnomah. 

The main books are about three kids named Janner, Tink, and Leeli Igiby and also their mother Nia Igiby and grandfather Podo Helmer. In the story, they need to battle and escape from the Fangs, which are creatures that are like snakes but they stand on two legs and are very dangerous. The world the story is in is called Aerwiar. 

There is also an animated TV series of "The Wingfeather Saga" that was made by Angel Studios.

Wan Khalmizam

Wan Mohd Khalmizam bin Wan Abdul Aziz (born 21 August 1986) is an archer from Malaysia. Khalmizam competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Joanna Agius

Joanna Jane Agius (born 25 June 1958) is a Maltese archer. Agius competed at the 1980, 1984, and 1988 Summer Olympics.

Mosab Al Khateeb

Mosab Al Khateeb (Arabic: مصعب الخطيب ) is a Jordanian singer and domposer. He first appeared to the Arab audience in late 2013 when he appeared on the program "Star Academy" 

He was born in the city of Salt in 1988. He grew up and studied primary school there, after which he completed his university studies in the Department of Business Administration. He was influenced by singing from a young age He began singing and participating in events at the age of nine. He was a contestant on the program "Star Academy"

After Musab returned to Jordan decided to Single released a dedication to the Arab audience who supported him throughout his time on Star Academy, entitled “The Single”. After that, he released a work entitled "Jordan and cut off".
He participated in the program and reached sixth place He is the first student to obtain “top” three times.



Frankish language

Frankish (Frankish: "Frenkisk") is a now extinct West Germanic language primarily spoken by the Franks from around the 5th century to the 9th century. It was primarily spoken in Francia.
After around the 8th and 9th centuries, the Frankish language started to go extinct as it graudaully evolved into Old Dutch. The Frankish language also influenced Old French to become a influencing linkage of Romance dialects, for it's time. The Frankish language also influenced the development of the French, German, and Dutch langauges. The Frankish language descends from West Germanic dialects spoken a group of West Germanics around the Weser and Rhine rivers in modern-day Germany.

Brian Cage

Brian Christopher Joseph Button (born February 2, 1984) is an American professional wrestler and bodybuilder. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Brian Cage. He also appears in their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH). He is one-third of the current ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Champions with The Embassy.

Button is also known for his time with the Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), Lucha Underground, and Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA).

In AEW, Cage has been a one-time FTW Champion. In TNA, he was a one-time Impact World Champion and one-time Impact X Division Champion.

On January 12, 2020, Cage signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). At Double or Nothing, Cage would make his AEW debut. He would be managed by Taz and would enter the Casino Ladder Match. Cage would win the match and earn himself a future match for the AEW World Championship. 

Cage was supposed to fight Jon Moxley for his AEW World Championship on the Night 2 of Fyter Fest. The match had to be rescheduled for Fight for the Fallen because Moxley's wife Renee Young had contracted COVID-19 and he was forced to quarantine. Due to the match being rescheduled, Taz decided to bring back the FTW Championship and award it to Cage. He would finally fight Moxley for the World Championship at Fight for the Fallen but would end up losing after Taz decided to throw in the towel and force a forfeit.

Cage would go on to join a stable led by Taz called Team Taz. They would also be joined by Ricky Starks. At All Out, Cage would enter a 21-man Casino Battle Royale for a AEW World Championship match in the future but the match would be won by Lance Archer. On Night Two of New Year's Smash, Cage would face Darby Allin for the AEW TNT Championship but would lose. On Night One of Fyter Fest, Cage would lose the FTW Championship to Ricky Starks. He would be kicked out of Team Taz after being hit in the head with the title by Powerhouse Hobbs.

At Supercard of Honor XV, Cage would join Tully Blanchard's group and they would later be joined by Gates of Agony (Toa Liona and Kaun). Prince Nana would take over leadership of the group and reform The Embassy.

They would go on to defeat Dalton Castle and The Boys to win the ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championships at Final Battle.

At AEW Grand Slam, they would lose the titles to The Elite ("Hangman" Adam Page and The Young Bucks) but would win them back on the November 1 edition of "Dynamite".


Sana Mir

Sana Mir (born 5 January 1986) is a Pakistani cricket commentator and former cricketer who served as a captain of the Pakistan national women's cricket team in ODIs and T20Is.

She has led Pakistan to two Gold medals in Asian Games, first in 2010 and then again in 2014.


Super black

Super black is a special kind of surface made by the National Physical Laboratory in the United Kingdom. It can take in about 99.6% of light that we can see. This is more than normal black paint, which absorbs about 97.5% of light. Super black is even better at different angles. For example, at 45 degrees, it can absorb 99.9% of light.

Super black is made by changing the surface of a nickel-phosphorus mix. This makes the surface able to take in a lot of light.

People use super black in special tools that need to reduce light that is not wanted. One problem with super black is that it is not very thick. This means that light from things like heat, which has a longer wave, can go through it and reflect more.

In 2009, a new material called Vantablack was made. It is based on tiny tubes made of carbon. It is good at absorbing light in a wide range of types.

In 2011, NASA and the US Army started to study how to use these tiny carbon tube coatings in tools that need to see things very clearly. Now, people can buy coatings made from these carbon nanotubes.

Andy Williams (guitarist)

Andrew J. Williams (born December 12, 1977) is an American professional wrestler and guitarist. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) under the ring name The Butcher. He is a one-half of the tag team The Butcher and the Blade with The Blade. Williams is also known for his time as the rhythm guitarist for the metalcore band Every Time I Die from 1998 until their breakup in 2022.

On the November 27, 2019 episode of "Dynamite", The Butcher made his debut in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He, along with The Blade and The Bunny, would attack Cody after his match. On the December 11 episode of "Dynamite", Butcher and Blade would team and they would defeat the team of Cody and Q. T. Marshall. This gave Butcher his first victory in AEW.

On the Feburary 19, 2020 episode of "Dynamite", Butcher and Blade would enter a battle royal to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but it was ultimately won by the The Young Bucks (Matt and Nick Jackson). At All Out, Butcher would enter the 21 Man Casino Battle Royale but it would be won by Lance Archer. On the September 30 episode of "Dynamite", Butcher would challenge Jon Moxley for the AEW World Championship but lost. On the October 21 episode of "Dynamite", Butcher and Blade would compete in a four-way tag team match to determine who would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but it was won by The Young Bucks.

At Revolution, Butcher and Blade competed in the Casino Tag Team Royale which was won by Death Triangle (Rey Fénix and Pac). At "The House Always Wins", both Butcher and Blade would compete in a 15 Man Battle Royal to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW TNT Championship. Butcher would end up winning the match and would challenge Darby Allin for the title but lost.

On the April 6 episode of "Dark", Butcher would defeat Jon Cruz and get his first singles victory in AEW.

Butcher and Blade would face the Lucha Brothers (Penta El Zero Miedo and Rey Fénix) for the AEW World Tag Team Championships on the September 17 episode of "Rampage" but lost.

Grindavík

Grindavík () is a fishing town on the southern part of the Southern Peninsula in Iceland.

It is one of the few towns with a harbor on the southern coast of this peninsula. Most of the people in Grindavík work in the fishing industry. The Blue Lagoon, one of Iceland's most famous tourist attractions, is located from the town center. 

In November 2023, with an increasing and severe seismic activity, a state of emergency was declared and Grindavík was evacuated, because a magma tunnel was formed under the town and there is a risk that it could cause a volcanic eruption in the form of a fissure vent in the town.

On 18 December 2023, at around 22:00 local time (GMT), the volcano erupted as a fissure vent, as expected, which was long. The volcanic eruption was northeast of Grindavík. Lava fountains, up to high, could be seen from Iceland's capital, Reykjavík. Authorities said they were highly prepared.

Grindavík is twinned with:



Christopher Daniels

Christopher Daniel Covell (born March 24, 1970) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles and works as Head of Talent Relations for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Christopher Daniels. He also wrestles in their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH).

He has also spent time wrestling in World Wrestling Federation (WWF), World Championship Wrestling (WCW), Ring of Honor (ROH), Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). He is also known for his many years spent wrestling on the independent circuit.

On January 8, 2019, Daniels signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

At Double or Nothing, Daniels would make his in-ring AEW debut. He would team with his SoCal Uncensored teammates Frankie Kazarian and Scorpio Sky. They would defeat the team of Strong Hearts (Cima, T-Hawk, and El Lindaman).

At Fyter Fest, Daniels would have his first AEW singles match in a losing effort to CIMA. At Full Gear on November 19, Daniels would return from an injury and help save his SCU teammates from a beatdown by the Lucha Brothers.

On the March 17, 2020 episode of "Dark", Daniels would get his first singles victory when he defeated Stu Grayson. On the May 27 episode of "Dynamite", Daniels would enter a battle royal to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW TNT Championship but the match would be won by Jungle Boy.

When teaming with Kazarian, Kazarian would cut a promo and say that the tag team would break up the next time that they lost. They would earn a shot at AEW World Tag Team Championships but they ended up losing to The Young Bucks on the May 12 episode of "Dynamite" and had to split up as a tag team.

Daniels would be suspended from the company after helping break up a real-life backstage fight that took place between Kenny Omega, The Young Bucks, CM Punk, and Ace Steel at All Out. After an independent investigation officially concluded that Daniels was breaking up the fight, his suspension was lifted.


Ravina (actress)

Ravina is an Indian actress who acted in Dhallywood movies. She acted in the 1997 film "Praner Cheye Priyo" with Riaz. She also appeared in "Sabdhan" and "Dolopoti", again opposite Riaz.

Shivani Tanksale

Shivani Tanksale is a Mumbai-based theatre director and actress who appears in Bollywood films and advertisements.

Rushad Rana

Rushad Rana is an Indian actor. He is well known for his portrayals of Raghav in "Hip Hip Hurray", Nikhil in "Kehta Hai Dil", Sumit in "Sasural Simar Ka", Ex-drama teacher turned principal of Pragati Vidya Ka Mandir in "Yeh Un Dinon Ki Baat Hai" and Aniruddh Gandhi in "Anupamaa".


Jhonny González

Jhonny González Vera (born September 15, 1981) is a Mexican professional boxer. He is a three-time former world champion in two weight classes, having held the WBO bantamweight title from 2005 to 2007, and the WBC featherweight title twice between 2011 and 2015. Additionally, he held the IBO featherweight title from 2010 to 2011.

González married professional wrestler Dulce García, better known as Sexy Star, in June 2015.

Rahul K. P.

Rahul Kannoly Praveen (born 16 March 2000) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a winger or forward for Indian Super League club Kerala Blasters and the India national team.

Kerala Blasters



Gurvinder Singh

Gurvinder Singh is an Indian film director. He is best known for his Punjabi language films "Anhe Ghore Da Daan", and Chauthi Koot (The Fourth Direction) which premiered at Venice and Cannes Film Festival respectively. Gurvinder is an alumnus of the prestigious Film and Television Institute of India (FTII), Pune from where he studied film-making and graduated in 2001.



Tuang Za Khai

Tuang Za Khai, born on August 18, 1986, is a writer, author, and researcher among the Zomi people. One of his popular books, "A Hizolo Omlo" (Nothing Is Impossible), published in 2014, was a bestseller in Chin State. He regularly contributes fiction and nonfiction articles to local journals, magazines, and newsletters. Tuang is recognized for his scientific research on plant-microbe interaction, particularly plant-plant pathogen interaction, among the Zomi community.

Tuang began his education in Primary School, Pakzaang, Tedim Township, and later attended Private High School, Mualbeem, Tedim Township. He completed high school in Tedim (Lawibual) in 2003, achieving excellent grades and receiving several prizes and awards. He pursued a Bachelor of Science (Honours) in Botany at Kalay University, graduating in 2008. In 2010, he earned a Master of Science (Credit) in Plant Science. Tuang actively participated in university activities, including the University Christian Fellowship and various cultural celebrations.

He was awarded the Chinese Government Scholarship, allowing him to pursue a Doctor of Philosophy in Plant Functional Genomics at Central China Normal University. He completed his DPhil degree in 2020. Tuang served as a lecturer at Kalay University until his expulsion in May 2021 due to his involvement in the civil disobedient movement and support for democracy.

Currently, he is a postdoctoral researcher at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem, funded by the Lady Davis Fellowship Trust.

Tuang's research papers were published in reputable journals like Plant, Cell & Environment and Plant Cell Reports, making him the first lecturer in Kalay University's history to achieve this for four consecutive years.

Tuang has written over 100 non-fiction articles and authored, co-authored, or edited several books. His notable work, "A Hizolo Omlo," sold thousands of copies in Chin State. He has contributed articles to various publications, addressing topics such as the origin of Covid-19, environmental concerns, and the significance of studying Botany.

Tuang, the youngest son of Rev. Thawn Za Nang and Nu Ciang Za Niang, hails from Pakzaang, a small village in Chin State, Myanmar. Raised in a Christian family, he embraced his faith at the age of 14. Married to Cing Sen Zen (Advocate), they have two children, a girl and a boy.

Blue Lagoon (geothermal spa)

The Blue Lagoon ( ) is a geothermal spa in southwestern Iceland. The spa is located in a lava field from Grindavík and in front of Mount Þorbjörn on the Reykjanes Peninsula, in a location favorable for geothermal power, and is supplied by water used in the nearby Svartsengi geothermal power station. The Blue Lagoon is approximately from Keflavík International Airport, and is one of the most visited tourist attractions in Iceland.

The Blue Lagoon is man-made. The water is a byproduct from the nearby geothermal power station Svartsengi where heated water is transported from the ground near a lava flow and used to run steam turbines that produces electricity. After going through the turbines, the steam and hot water passes through pipes to provide heat for the settlements. Then the water is fed into the Blue Lagoon.

The water temperature in the bathing and swimming area of the Blue Lagoon averages .

The water's light blue color is due to its high silica content. The silica forms soft white mud on the bottom of the lake which bathers rub on themselves. The water is also rich in salts and algae.


Nidhi Goyal

Nidhi Goyal (born 21 September 1985) is an Indian disability and gender rights activist who has been appointed to the UN Women Executive Director's advisory group. Goyal is the founder and executive director of Mumbai-based NGO Rising Flame and works in the areas of sexuality, gender, health and rights for women and girls with disabilities.

Goyal was given the Neelam Kanga Award by National Association for the Blind, India, in January 2016 and the Superwoman of the Year award by ABP News in March 2018.


Harshita Tomar

Harshita Tomar is an Indian sailor. She won the bronze medal at 2018 Asian Games in women's Open Laser 4.7. She received a prize money of 50 lakhs from M.P. government.

Garima Chaudhary

Garima Chaudhary (born 2 April 1990) is an Indian judoka. She was India's sole judoka at the 2012 London Olympics, competing in the Women's (63 kg) category .


Saurabh Bisht

Saurabh Bisht (born December 20, 1987) is an Indian Data Scientist, Analyst Relations Specialist, Digital Marketer, Channel Sales Leader, Author, Writer, and Philanthropist.

Saurabh Bisht was born on December 20, 1987, in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India. He completed his schooling at Seth M.R. Jaipuria School, and pursued his higher education at Gautam Buddha University, where he earned a B.Tech degree in Computer Science and later completed a Post Graduate Diploma in Management (PGDM) from BITM and Cornell EPM Executive Program in Management.




Navina Bole

Navina Bole is an Indian television actress. She is known for playing the role of Diya Bhushan in "Miley Jab Hum Tum"(2008), Priya in "Jeannie Aur Juju" (2014) and Tia in "Ishqbaaaz" (2016).

Navina Bole was born in Mumbai. She received a degree in commerce and trained as a Bharat Natyam dancer.


WAGR Q class (diesel)

The WAGR Q class were a total of 19 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (trading as Westrail) from 1997 to 2000.

The Q class were built by Clyde Engineering of Forrestfield, being based upon the Downer Rail EDI Rail GT46C. They replaced the aging L class on interstate and Kalgoorlie goods traffic. All units passed into the ownership of the Australian Railroad Group (ARG) in late 2000 with Westrail's sale to ARG that year. All remain in service, predominantly with Aurizon.

Metamorpho

Metamorpho is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is an elemental superhero with the power to shape-shift his body into various forms, using the elements contained within the human body. He also possesses the power of virtual invulnerability in his inert state. Originally known as the archaeologist Rex Mason, exposure to the Orb of Ra in Egypt changed him into one of the mythical Metamorphae. Although Metamorpho's powers allow him to fight against evil, they are also a curse in that he is trapped in this hideous form, unable even to die. He is primarily one of the Outsiders, but has also been a member of the Justice League of America, Doom Patrol, Justice League Europe, the Seven Soldiers of Victory and The Terrifics.

"Metamorpho" was created by Bob Haney and Ramona Fradon. His first appearance was in "The Brave and the Bold" #57 (1965).

The character will make his live-action cinematic debut in "Superman" (2025) and will be played by Anthony Carrigan.

Krypto

Krypto, also known as Krypto the Superdog, is a fictional superhero dog appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is Superman's pet, a Kryptonian creature with incredible powers and the appearance of a dog. Growing up alongside Superboy, he was raised in Smallville on the Kent Farm, although he later lives in Metropolis with Clark Kent and Lois Lane. He has been a member of Superman Family, the Legion of Super-Pets and the Space Canine Patrol Agents.

The character was created by Otto Binder and Curt Swan, first appearing in "Adventure Comics" #210 (1955).

Krypto has appeared in numerous cartoon television shows and movies, such as a self-titled animated series; the television series "Smallville", the live-action HBO Max series "Titans", portrayed by dog actors Wrigley, Digby, and Lacey; and the animated movie "DC League of Super-Pets" (2022), voiced by Dwayne Johnson. The character will make its live-action cinematic debut in the upcoming movie "Superman" (2025), an installment of the DC Universe (DCU) media franchise.

Ace the Bat-Hound

Ace the Bat-Hound is a fictional superhero dog. He is in American comic books published by DC Comics. Ace is Batman and Robin's dog. He is a canine member of the Batman family. He wears a mask to hide his secret identity as Bruce Wayne's dog Ace. There have been several dogs named Ace. This is because dogs have short lifespans. In the Prime Earth, another dog named Titus appeared as the second Bat-Hound before Ace was re-introduced.

Ace the Bat-Hound was created by Bill Finger and Lew Sayre Schwartz. He first appearing in "Batman" #92 (1955).

The first movie to use the character was the animated movie "DC League of Super-Pets." It was released in the United States on July 29, 2022.

Rahil Azam

Rahil Azam (born 25 September 1981) is an Indian actor and model, who has appeared as Hatim in "Hatim", as Nakul in "CID", as JD in "Tu Aashiqui," as DSP Anubhav Singh in "Maddam Sir," and as Rahul/Ajinkya in Achanak 37 Saal Baad.

Naman Shaw

Naman Shaw is an Indian television actor notable for his roles as Pushkar Shukla in Zee TV's drama series "Kasamh Se", as Nakul Virani in STAR Plus's series "Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi" and in "Kasautii Zindagii Kay" as Nihaal Garewal. Naman Shaw has also played small roles in other serials such as a brief role in "Kasturi" as Kasturi's fiancé, Girish. Later he had a brief role in Kahe Naa Kahe as Vidhyud on 9X channel.

Rishabh Sinha

Rishabh Sinha is an Indian actor. He is known for playing the role of Ayaan Ahmed Khan in "Qubool Hai", participating in "MTV Splitsvilla" and "Bigg Boss 9". He also played a negative role in the movie .


Pumpkin soup

Pumpkin soup is a thick soup made from pumpkin purée. It's made from mixing blended pumpkin with a broth or stock. It's mostly served hot, and is a popular American Thanksgiving food. 

It can also be made with squash, and it would be called squash soup.

Enforcers (comics)

The Enforcers are a team of supervillains appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics, usually as adversaries of the superheroes Spider-Man and Daredevil. The original Enforcers consisted of Montana (Jackson Brice), the Ox (Raymond Bloch), and Fancy Dan (Daniel Brito).

Groupement de Recherche et d’Etudes en Gestion à HEC Paris

The Groupement de Recherche et d’Etudes en Gestion à HEC Paris (GREGHEC) is a CNRS - HEC Paris research center. It is located in Jouy-en-Josas.

GREGHEC is one of the biggest research center in economy and management in France.

The center is part of both the CNRS and HEC Paris. It is located in Jouy-en-Josas. Around 60 students studying in the Doctorate degrees offer by the school every year. The center bring together 120 researchers. The GREGHEC laboratory bases its research around management and also include interdisciplinary studies. Research is focused in particular in economy and management.

The center has programs for students as well as for faculty to promote the concept of economy. Several initiatives that the center has started has raised awareness for both economy and management in both the community of Jouy-en-Josas and throughout the country.


Montana Jordan

Montana Jordan (born March 8, 2003) is an American actor known for playing Georgie in Young Sheldon.

Zoe Perry

Zoe Perry is the daughter of Jeff Perry and Laurie Metcalf. She played Sheldon Cooper’s mother Mary Cooper in Young Sheldon.

Bear McCreary

Bear McCreary (born February 17, 1979) is an American musician and composer of movie, television, and video game music scores based in Los Angeles, California. He was born in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. His work includes the music scores of the television series "Battlestar Galactica" (2004), "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.", "Outlander", "The Walking Dead", "", "The Serpent Queen", the video games "", "God of War" and "God of War Ragnarök", and the movies "".

McCreary cites Jerry Goldsmith, Elmer Bernstein, Alan Menken, Christophe Beck, Michael Giacchino, Alan Silvestri, James Horner, Henry Mancini, John Williams, Howard Shore, Danny Elfman, Buddy Baker, James Newton Howard, John Barry, Lalo Schifrin, Maurice Jarre, Ennio Morricone, Shirley Walker, Basil Poledouris, Michael Kamen, Joel McNeely, Leonard Bernstein, Thomas Newman, Rachel Portman, David Newman, Alexandre Desplat, Marc Shaiman, Brian Tyler, George Bruns, Oliver Wallace, Leigh Harline, Frank Churchill, Paul Smith, Leonard Bernstein, Nino Rota, Rolfe Kent, Kevin Kiner, Trevor Horn, Christopher Young, Alfred Newman, Hans Zimmer, John Powell and Lorne Balfe as influences.


Marc David Alba Lasource

Marc-David Alba, also known as Marc-David Lasource (22 January 1763 – 31 October 1793), was a French statesman during the French Revolution, and a supporter of the Girondist faction during the National Convention.

Jean-Baptiste Boyer-Fonfrède

Jean-Baptiste Boyer-Fonfrède (5th December 1760 – 31 October 1793) was a French Girondin politician. He was the 17th President of the National Convention from 2 to 16 May 1793.

A deputy to the National Convention from his native city, Bordeaux

Pseudophilautus extirpo

Pseudophilautus extirpo was a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka.

This frog is extinct now. All the frogs of this species are dead. Scientists say they died because human beings changed the places where the frogs lived.

One adult female frog measured 43.5 mm snout-vent length from nose to rear end.

Krypton (comics)

Krypton is a fictional planet appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, commonly in Superman stories. It was a planet orbiting the red star Rao, home to the Kryptonians. It was destroyed in an explosion, with Superman being one of the very few survivors. Radioactive fragments of the planet are known as Kryptonite.

Krypton also makes an appearance in several television series such as "Adventures of Superman", "", "", "Smallville", "Supergirl", and "Krypton". Krypton appears in the 1978 movie "Superman", the 2006 movie "Superman Returns", and the 2013 movie "Man of Steel", set in the DC Extended Universe.

Captain Marvel Jr.

Captain Marvel Jr. is a fictional character, a superhero appearing in American comic books published by Fawcett Comics and currently by DC Comics. The character is the sidekick to Captain Marvel, receiving incredible powers from the wizard Shazam whenever he speaks his predecessor's name. His alter-ego is a crippled impoverished orphan named Freddy Freeman, who cannot walk. During the "The Trials of Shazam!" storyline, he graduated to becoming the new Captain Marvel. In The New 52, Freddy Freeman is now known as Shazam, Jr.. He has been a member of the Marvel Family, Outsiders, Teen Titans and Young Justice.

"Freddy Freeman" was created by Ed Herron, C. C. Beck, and Mac Raboy, first appearing in "Whiz Comics" #25 (1941).

Freddy Freeman made his live-action debut in the DC Extended Universe movie "Shazam!" (2019), portrayed by Jack Dylan Grazer and Adam Brody as a teenager and adult superhero, respectively. Grazer and Brody return in "Shazam! Fury of the Gods" (2023).

Domestic drama

Domestic drama means plays about normal people having normal lives. In them the characters are normally average people and their problems have to do with things like getting sick or doing their jobs.

Tragicomedy

A Tragicomedy is a story that is both a tragedy and a comedy at the same time.

Plautus invented the word Tragicomedy for his play Amphytrion. In it Mercury notices that there are gods in a play that’s supposed to be a comedy and says that it should be a tragicomedy instead. 

In Italy, a man named Giovanni Battista Giraldi Cinthio said that people should write tragedies with happy endings. He called them “Tragicomedies”. He said tragedies were better as books but tragicomedies were better as plays. In 1590, Giovanni Battista Guarini wrote a play called The Faithful Shepherd. People weren’t sure if it were a comedy or a tragedy, so they called it a tragicomedy. 

Some people criticized William Shakespeare for putting jokes in tragedies and sad things in comedies. So they said that some of his plays were not tragedies or comedies. They called them tragicomedies.

Samuel Butler (poet)

Samuel Butler was an English poet and satirist who wrote a parody of Epic poetry called Hudibras. Butler was a friend of Sir William Davenant and John Aubrey.

Stephen Ogweno

Stephen Odhiambo Ogweno (born February 28, 1996) is a Kenyan health practitioner and NCD advocate. He is the founder and CEO of two health startups "Stowelink Inc" and "Lifesten Health". 

Stephen was born on February 28, 1996, in Kisumu, Kenya. Reportedly, he had a troubled childhood due to health issues like obesity and GERD. He attended the Xaverian Primary School in Kisumu, where Stephen later took the Kenya Certificate of Primary Education (KCPE) in 2010. Then, Stephen joined the Kanyawanga High School to earn the Kenya Certificate of Secondary Education (KCSE) in 2014.

Stephen focused on a career as a health professional. In 2015, he established a health organization Stowelink Inc in Kenya to grow awareness about global health challenges. In 2016, the organization launched "project Alpha" to awareness for Cancer. As a health practitioner and NCD advocate, his works gained attention from the national health sector. Later, Stephen joined several local health bodies like the national NCDs Intersectoral Coordinating Committee and the YHP Kenya Committee.

Stephen was also collaborating with the WHO's Global Coordinating Mechanism as a member of the NCD labs initiative. Stephen is also a member of the advisory board for the global NCD Alliance.

In 2021, Stephen and Peace Iraguha together launched "Lifesten Health". The company promotes health awareness through incentive-based programs, especially in Kigali, Rwanda.

• The Effect of eHealth on Information Awareness on Non-Communicable Diseases Among Youths Between 18-25 Years in Nairobi Country, Kenya, 2019, "East African Journal of Health and Science", Vol 2 No. 1 (2020)

• Effect of COVID 19 crisis on mental health among young people between 18-35 years in Kenya, "MedCrave", July 7, 2022

• Nothing for us, without us: opportunities for meaningful engagement of people living with NCDs: meeting report, "WHO", 2021

• Sources of information on COVID-19 among the youths and its implications on mental health. A cross-sectional study in Nairobi, Kenya, "East African Medical Journal", Vol. 98 No. 1 (2021)

• Assessment of Factors Influencing Non-Communicable Diseases Literacy Levels in Vihiga County-A Qualitative Cross-Sectional Study, "European Journal of Environment and Public Health", Volume 6, Issue 1, 15 April 2022

• How We Could Use Digital Health to Improve Action on Non-Communicable Diseases, "BIOMEDICAL", Vol 45, Issue 5, September 2, 2022 

USS Gyatt

USS "Gyatt" (DD-712/DDG-1) was a "Gearing"-class destroyer in the United States Navy, named after Edward Earl Gyatt, a United States Marine Corps private and Marine Raider killed in the Battle of Guadalcanal.

A Declaration of Love

A Declaration of Love () is a 1977 Soviet romance movie directed by Ilya Averbakh and starring Ewa Szykulska, Yuri Bogatyryov, Kirill Lavrov, Angelina Stepanova, Bruno Frejndlikh. It was distributed by Lenfilm.

Papua New Guinea National Soccer League

The Papua New Guinea National Soccer League (PNGNSL), currently named the KPHL National Soccer League for sponsorship reasons and commonly called the National Soccer League (NSL), is the top men's soccer league in Papua New Guinea. It was created in 2006 by the Papua New Guinea National Football Association.

Like the A-League Men in Australia, the Canadian Premier League in Canada and the Major League Soccer in the United States, the league does not have relegation.

The competition has only ever been won by two clubs: Hekari United won the first eight seasons while Lae City have won the rest.

Sydney FC Youth

Sydney FC Youth is the youth system of Sydney FC, an Australian soccer club based in Sydney. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Western Sydney Wanderers FC Youth

Western Sydney Wanderers FC Youth is the youth system of Western Sydney Wanderers FC, an Australian soccer club based in Greater Western Sydney. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Saddlebrooke, Missouri

Saddlebrooke is a village in Christian and Taney counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Newcastle Jets FC Youth

Newcastle Jets FC Youth is the youth system of Newcastle Jets FC, an Australian soccer club based in Newcastle. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Rosemary Sutcliff

Rosemary Sutclife is a English novelist known for making children and adult novels. She was born in East Clandon,United Kingdom on December 14, 1920 and died on July 23, 1992 in Chichester,United Kingdom.

Hollister, Missouri

Hollister is a city in Taney County, Missouri, United States.

Central Coast Mariners Academy

The Central Coast Mariners Academy is the youth system of Central Coast Mariners FC, an Australian soccer club based on the Central Coast. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Merriam Woods, Missouri

Merriam Woods is a city in Taney County, Missouri, United States.

Rockaway Beach, Missouri

Rockaway Beach is a city in Taney County, Missouri, United States.

Bull Creek, Missouri

Bull Creek is a village in Taney County, Missouri, United States.

Kirbyville, Missouri

Kirbyville is a village in Taney County, Missouri, United States.

Taneyville, Missouri

Taneyville is a village in Taney County, Missouri, United States.

Lawson, Missouri

Lawson is a city in Clay, Clinton and Ray counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Smithville, Missouri

Smithville is a city in Clay and Platte counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

FFA Centre of Excellence

The FFA Centre of Excellence was an Australian soccer talent program run by Football Federation Australia (now called Football Australia). It had its own club, which was based at the Australian Institute of Sport in Canberra and competed in the A-League Youth. It was founded in 1981 and closed in 2017.

Claycomo, Missouri

Claycomo is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Oaks, Missouri

Oaks is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Brisbane Roar FC Youth

Brisbane Roar FC Youth is the youth system of Brisbane Roar FC, an Australian soccer club based in Brisbane. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Excelsior Estates, Missouri

Excelsior Estates is a village in Clay and Ray counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Oakview, Missouri

Oakview is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Oakwood, Missouri

Oakwood is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Adelaide United FC Youth

Adelaide United FC Youth is the youth system of Adelaide United FC, an Australian soccer club based in Adelaide. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Oakwood Park, Missouri

Oakwood Park is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Prathersville, Missouri

Prathersville is a village in Clay County, Missouri, United States.

Turney, Missouri

Turney is a village in Clinton County, Missouri, United States.

Perth Glory FC Youth

Perth Glory FC Youth is the youth system of Perth Glory FC, an Australian soccer club based in Perth. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Centertown, Missouri

Centertown is a village in Cole County, Missouri, United States.

Wardsville, Missouri

Wardsville is a village in Cole County, Missouri, United States.

Windsor Place, Missouri

Windsor Place is a village in Cooper County, Missouri, United States.

Wooldridge, Missouri

Wooldridge is a village in Cooper County, Missouri, United States.

Melbourne City FC Youth

Melbourne City FC Youth is the youth system of Melbourne City FC, an Australian soccer club based in Melbourne. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Melbourne Victory FC Youth

Melbourne Victory FC Youth is the youth system of Melbourne Victory FC, an Australian soccer club based in Melbourne. The club competes in the A-League Youth.

Leasburg, Missouri

Leasburg is a village in Crawford County, Missouri, United States.

St. Cloud, Missouri

St. Cloud is a village in Crawford County, Missouri, United States.

West Sullivan, Missouri

West Sullivan is a village in Crawford County, Missouri, United States.

Elmer, Missouri

Elmer is a city in Macon County, Missouri, United States.

Ethel, Missouri

Ethel is a city in Macon County, Missouri, United States.

Australia Cup

The Australia Cup, formerly called the FFA Cup, is an Australian soccer knockout cup competition held every year. It is organised by Football Australia.

It is different to the national league competition, the A-League Men, which also happens every year. The Australia Cup has more teams, and it is the only time that A-League clubs can play official matches against lower-ranked clubs, because the Australian soccer league system does not have relegation.

Since 2021, the winner of the Australia Cup qualifies for one of the play-off spots for the next years' AFC club competitions (the AFC Champions League for 2022, the AFC Cup for 2023-24 and the AFC Champions League 2 for 2024-24 onwards), unless Wellington Phoenix are the winner. The reason Wellington Phoenix cannot qualify for any of these competitions is because the club is based in New Zealand, which is a member of the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC), while Australia is a member of the Asian Football Confederation (AFC).

The most successful team at the Australia Cup is Adelaide United. The current champions are Sydney FC, who defeated Brisbane Roar in the 2023 final.

The Australia Cup is a 32-team knockout competition. Professional, semi-professional and even community clubs are all able to qualify.

Of the 32 qualifying slots, 10 are given to the 12 A-League Men clubs. The rest are given to clubs who play on the state and territory level. New South Wales is given six slots (four for Football NSW clubs and two for Northern NSW Football clubs, because the state has two federations), while Victoria gets five, Queensland gets four, Western Australia and South Australia get two each and Tasmania, the Australian Capital Territory and the Northern Territory each get one.

Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, the 2020 edition of the tournament was cancelled.

In March 2023, Football Australia announced that they would be launching a women's version of the Australia Cup, the Women's Australia Cup, in 2024. It will be the first women's competition of its kind in Australia and will allow A-League Women clubs to play official matches against lower-ranked women's clubs. The winner will have a chance to qualify for the AFC Women's Champions League.

Sydney United 58 FC

Sydney United 58 Football Club, formerly called Sydney Croatia Football Club, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Edensor Park, a suburb of Sydney. It plays in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW). The club has connections to Sydney's Croatian community, as the club was founded by Croatian Australians.

Outsiders (comics)

The Outsiders are a fictional superhero team appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. They are a black-ops team of super-heroes originally led by Batman. They were formed as his alternative to the Justice League that didn't require public and political approval for their actions, allowing them more freedom. The original members included Black Lightning, Geo-Force, Halo, Katana and Metamorpho. The Outsiders were created by Mike W. Barr and Jim Aparo, first appearing in The Brave and the Bold #200 (1983).

There is also an unrelated team predating Batman’s team that consists of outcast mutants called the Outsiders who fight to protect humanity despite their differences. Their membership includes Amazing Ronnie, Billy, Doc Scary, Hairy Larry, Lizard Johnny and Mighty Mary. This team of Outsiders was created by Joe Simon and Jerry Grandenetti, first appearing in 1st Issue Special #10 (1976).

APIA Leichhardt FC

APIA Leichhardt Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Leichhardt, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW). It was founded by Italian Australians and has a strong connection to Sydney's Italian community.

The acronym "APIA" in the club's name stands for .

Edgeworth FC

Edgeworth Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Edgeworth, a suburb of Newcastle. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Northern NSW (NPL NNSW).

Inter Lions SC

Inter Lions Soccer Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Concord, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the NSW League One.

Broadmeadow Magic FC

Broadmeadow Magic Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Broadmeadow, a suburb of Newcastle. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW).

Black Lightning

Black Lightning is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is the alter-ego of Jefferson Pierce, a super-hero with the ability to generate and control lightning. Originally he was a high school principal and Olympic-level athlete who became a vigilante to take down organized crime in Metropolis' Suicide Slum. Eventually he would become a member of Batman's team of Outsiders for many years, although he retired briefly to become secretary of education under president Lex Luthor. He returned to crime-fighting, though, as a member of the Justice League. His two daughters operate as the super-heroes Thunder and Lightning. Black Lightning was created by Tony Isabella and Trevor von Eeden, first appearing in "Black Lightning" #1. (1977)

Black Lightning has proven a popular character for DC and was ranked 85th overall on IGN's "Top 100 Comic Books Heroes" list in 2011. The character has been adapted into various media, including animated television series, video games, and comic strips. The character and his stories were adapted for live-action Black Lightning TV series, which ran from 2018 to 2022. The title character was portrayed by Cress Williams, who also went on to make appearances in the related TV shows "The Flash" and "Legends of Tomorrow".

Mt Druitt Town Rangers FC

Mount Druitt Town Rangers Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Mount Druitt, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW).

Wollongong United FC

Wollongong United Football Club, formerly called Wollongong Macedonia Football Club, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Wollongong. It competes in the Illawarra Premier League (IPL). It was founded by Macedonian Australians and has strong connections to Wollongong's Macedonian community.

Bonnyrigg White Eagles FC

Bonnyrigg White Eagles Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Bonnyrigg, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the NSW League One. It was founded by Serbian Australians and has strong connections to Sydney's Serbian community.

North West Sydney Spirit FC

North Western Sydney Spirit Football Club (often shortened to NWS Spirit FC), formerly called Northern Spirit Football Club, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Macquarie Park, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW).

Newcastle Olympic FC

Newcastle Olympic Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Hamilton, a suburb of Newcastle. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Northern NSW (NPL NNSW).

Blacktown City FC

Blacktown City Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Blacktown, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW).

Mister Atom

Mister Atom is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is an evil radioactive robot and an enemy to Captain Marvel. The mad scientist Charles Langley created him to go on a destructive rampage, which he is very very good at doing. He has been a member of the Monster Society of Evil and the Secret Society of Super-Villains.

Mister Atom was created by Otto Binder and C. C. Beck, first published by Fawcett Comics in Captain Marvel Adventures #78. (1947)

Sydney Olympic FC

Sydney Olympic Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Belmore, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW). It was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Sydney's Greek community.

Secret Society of Super Villains

The Secret Society of Super Villains is a name that has been used by several groups in the DC Comics universe. The original was a team put together by Darkseid who would later take control of their own leadership and battle the Justice League. The second version was a team put together by the Ultra-Humanite to battle the Justice League.

During Villains United a new group calling themselves "The Society" was put together by Black Adam, Calculator, Deathstroke, Doctor Psycho, Lex Luthor, and Talia al Ghul.

The New 52 reboot introduced a new Secret Society created by the Outsider during Forever Evil.

The Secret Society of Super-Villains was created by Gerry Conway and Pablo Marcos, first appearing in Secret Society of Super-Villains #1. (1976)

Wollongong Wolves FC

Wollongong Wolves Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Wollongong. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW).

Doctor Psycho

Doctor Psycho is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a telepathic super-villain with mind control powers who acts as an enemy to Wonder Woman. His insane motives are violently sadistic and even misogynistic in an attempt to torment Wonder Woman and her contemporaries. He is a founding member of the Secret Society of Super-Villains. Doctor Psycho was created by William Moulton Marston and Harry G. Peter, first appearing in Wonder Woman #5. (1943)

St George FC

St George Football Club, commonly called the St George Saints or St George Budapest, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in the St George district of Sydney. It competes in the NSW League One. It was founded by Hungarian Australians and has strong connections to Sydney's Hungarian community.

Ultra-Humanite

The Ultra-Humanite is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a genius super-villain with the ability to transfer his mind into other bodies. This has made him an enemy to the Justice Society of America and Superman. His main claim to fame is his ability to transfer his own consciousness from one living body to another, but he also has invented a vast array of advanced weapons, vehicles, and other arcane technology. His chosen form is a giant albino mutant gorilla, which affords him incredible strength and durability. Ultra-Humanite has been a member of the Secret Society of Super-Villains and the Time Stealers.

Utra-Humanite was created by Jerry Siegel and Joe Shuster, first appearing in "Action Comics" #13. (1939)

Manly United FC

Manly United Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based on the Northern Beaches of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW).

The club's home ground is in Dee Why, which is about 5.6km north of Manly.

Marconi Stallions FC

Marconi Stallions Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Bossley Park, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW). It was founded by Italian Australians and has strong connections to Sydney's Italian community.

AwesomenessTV (TV series)

AwesomenessTV is a sketch comedy reality variety show created by Brian Robbins. It was based on the original YouTube comedy channel of the same name. it features comedy sketches from different actors, music videos, hidden camera pranks and various gags. It premiered on Nickelodeon in July 1, 2013 and ended on March 7, 2015.

Maitland FC

Maitland Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in East Maitland, a suburb of Maitland, New South Wales. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Northern NSW (NPL NNSW).

Hakoah Sydney City East FC

Hakoah Sydney City East Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Eastgardens, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the NSW League One. It was founded by Jewish Australians and has strong connections to Sydney's Jewish community.

Rockdale Ilinden FC

Rockdale Ilinden Football Club (known as Rockdale City Suns Football Club from 1992 to 2020) is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Rockdale, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the National Premier Leagues NSW (NPL NSW). It was founded by Macedonian Australians and has strong connections to Sydney's Macedonian community.

Charlestown Azzurri FC

Charlestown Azzurri Football Club, formerly called Charlestown City Blues Football Club, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Whitebridge, a suburb of Newcastle about 2.3km from the suburb of Charlestown. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Northern NNSW (NPL NNSW). It was founded by Italian Australians and has strong connections to Newcastle's Italian community.

The club's nickname, the , means "Blues" in Italian and is also the nickname of the Italy national football team.

Canterbury Bankstown FC

Canterbury Bankstown Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Regents Park, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the NSW League One.

Hills United FC

Hills United Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in the Hills District, a suburb of Sydney. It competes in the NSW League One.

The club's home ground is in Seven Hills.

Lambton Jaffas FC

Lambton Jaffas Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Lambton, a suburb of Newcastle. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Northern NSW (NPL NNSW).

Balmain Tigers FC

Balmain & District Football Club, nicknamed the Tigers, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Balmain, a suburb of Sydney. 

South Cardiff FC

South Cardiff Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Cardiff South, a suburb of Newcastle. It competes in the Northern New South Wales State League Division 1.

Parramatta FC

Parramatta Football Club, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in South Granville, a suburb of Sydney about 6.2km from Parramatta. It competes in the NSW League Two. It was founded by Maltese Australians and has strong connections to Sydney's Maltese community.

Monaro Panthers FC

Monaro Panthers Football Club, formerly called Inter Monaro Soccer Club, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Queanbeyan, a city in New South Wales. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Capital Football (NPL ACT) in the Australian Capital Territory.

The club was founded by Italian Australians, who gave it the name "Inter Monaro" after the Italian club Inter Milan and the Monaro region (where Queanbeyan is located). It has strong connections to Queanbeyan's Italian community.

Hellenic Athletic

Hellenic Athletic Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Marrara, a suburb of Darwin. It competes in the NorZone Premier League. It was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Darwin's Greek community.

Mindil Aces FC

Mindil Aces Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Marrara, a suburb of Darwin. It competes in the NorZone Premier League.

Casuarina FC

Casuarina Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Casuarina, a suburb of Darwin. It competes in the NorZone Premier League.

Darwin Olympic SC

Darwin Olympic Soccer Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Marrara, a suburb of Darwin. It competes in the NorZone Premier League.

Darwin Rovers FC

Darwin Rovers Football Club was an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Marrara, a suburb of Darwin. It competed in the NorZone Premier League. The club was founded by Irish Australians and had strong connections to Darwin's Irish community.

In 2018, the club merged with Palmerston FC to form Palmerston Rovers FC.

Cooma FC

Cooma Football Club, nicknamed the Tigers, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Cooma, a town in New South Wales. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Capital Football (NPL ACT) in the Australian Capital Territory.

Microsoft Entra ID

Microsoft Entra or Entra for short is a software by Microsoft that lets users use authentication and authorization services to various Microsoft 365, Dynamics 365 and Microsoft Azure systems. This lets users use single sign-on experiences no matter the cause of the application. 

Entra used to be named Azure Active Directory (Azure AD). This software was the same as Entra is today.

Microsoft allows users to sign into products like "Gmail", web apps and use systems to add "SSO" (Single Sign On) to their websites and other products.

Canberra Croatia FC

Canberra Croatia Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Deakin, a suburb of Canberra. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Capital Football (NPL ACT). It was founded by Croatian Australians and has strong connections to Canberra's Croatian community.

Canberra Olympic FC

Canberra Olympic Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in O'Connor, a suburb of Canberra. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Capital Football (NPL ACT). It was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Canberra's Greek community.

Gungahlin United FC

Gungahlin United Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in the Gungahlin district of Canberra. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Capital Football (NPL ACT).

The club was founded by Italian Australians, who gave it the name Juventus Soccer Club, inspired by the Italian club Juventus FC. It has strong connections to Canberra's Italian community.

Tuggeranong United FC

Tuggeranong United Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in the Tuggeranong district of Canberra. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Capital Football (NPL ACT).

Australian soccer league system

The Australian soccer league system is the league structure for soccer clubs in Australia.

Since 1977, the system has had one national league at the top and many state and territory leagues below.
From 1977 until 2004, the national league was called the National Soccer League (NSL). Since 2005, the A-League Men has been the country's national league.

The women's soccer league system works similar to the men's, with one national league (the A-League Women) at the top and many state and territory leagues below.


Rehavam Ze'evi

Rehavam Ze'evi was a Israeli general and poltician who founded the right-wing Moledet party, which advocated for the ethnic cleansing of Palestinians. He was born the 20th of June 1926 and died on the 17th of October 2001 in Jerusalem. His cause of death was assassination, and was assassinated by a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine.

Yehya Bundhun

Yehya Bundhun (born 25 January 1965) is an archer from Mauritius. Bundhun competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics and the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Veronique Marrier D'Unienville

Veronique Marrier D'Unienville-Le Viuex is an archer from Mauritius. Marrier D'Unienville-Le Viuex competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Court of Owls

The Court of Owls is a major villainous group in the DC Comics universe, often appearing as enemies to Batman. They were created by writer Scott Snyder and artist Greg Capullo. The Court of Owls was a conspiracy within Gotham for centuries and controlling from the shadows. They are a violent Cabal of Gotham's wealthy families who would use murder and money for political influence on the world.

The Court of Owls made their on-screen debut in 2015's "Batman vs. Robin" as part of the DC Animated Movie Universe before making their live-action debut later that same year in the "Gotham" television series. They appear as the main antagonists in the 2023 television series "Gotham Knights".

Circe (character)

Circe is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is a legendary sorceress from Greek mythology who acts as a super-villain and enemy to Wonder Woman. Immortal and undying, she is a centuries-old enchantress with goddess-level powers. Her place in history is famous for Homer's Odyssey. She has also been a member of the Injustice Gang and the Injustice League Dark.

DC's version of "Circe" was adapted by Robert Kanigher and Harry G. Peter, first appearing in "Wonder Woman" #37. (1949)

Circe has been adapted into several Wonder Woman-related animated TV and video game projects, in which she has been voiced by actors Michelle Forbes, Laura Post and Rachel York.

Giganta

Giganta (whose real name is Doctor Doris Zuel) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is a female super-villain with the ability to drastically increase her size and shape, acting as an enemy to Wonder Woman. In addition she is a brilliant scientist. Briefly she was also romantically involved with the Atom. She has been involved with the Injustice League, the Legion of Doom, the Secret Six, the Secret Society of Super-Villains and Villainy Inc.

"Giganta" was created by William Moulton Marston and Harry G. Peter, first appearing in "Wonder Woman" #9. (1944)

38 Leda

Leda (minor planet designation: 38 Leda) is a main-belt asteroid. It was discovered by Jean Chacornac on January 12, 1856. He named the asteroid after Leda, the mother of Helen of Troy.

Sensation Comics

Sensation Comics was a key Golden Age DC title featuring Wonder Woman as its cover feature between 1942 and 1951 following her debut in "All-Star Comics" #8.

The comic also had features from characters such as Sargon the Sorcerer, the Golden Age Mr. Terrific and Wildcat (DC). From issue #94, the title became a romance title, although still keeping Wonder Woman (along with Steve Trevor) as the cover feature. With issue #107 it became a mystery title until issue #109 where the title was renamed "Sensation Mystery" for its last seven issues and starred Johnny Peril.




Outsider

Outsider(s) can be








Fhelipe Gomes

Fhelipe Gomes (Curitiba, August 21, 2001) is a Brazilian actor, singer, voice actor, and announcer. He gained prominence on television in 2016 by portraying Téo Cavichioli, a blind character and one of the protagonists in the remake of the children's soap opera "Cúmplices de Um Resgate" on SBT. In 2018, he once again stood out for his role as the nerdy character Lucas in the soap opera "O Tempo Não Para" on Rede Globo.

Fhelipe de Castilhos Gomes was born in Curitiba on August 21, 2001. He is the youngest of two siblings, including Henrike Castilhos Gomes, and is also a second-degree cousin of the musical productor Arlyzinho BR. 

Karishma Sharma

Karishma Lala Sharma (born 22 December 1993) is an Indian actress and model known for portraying Ragini in "", Aaina in "Ujda Chaman", Tina in "Pyaar Ka Punchnama 2" and Isha in "Hum - I'm Because of Us".

Sharma was born in Mumbai. She lived in Delhi and Patna before returning to Mumbai.


Rajan P. Dev

Rajan P. Dev (20 May 1951 – 29 July 2009) was an Indian film and stage actor. He was born in Cherthala in the Alappuzha district of the former state Thiru-Kochi (present day Kerala). He had acted in over 500 films in Malayalam, Tamil, Telugu and Kannada languages. He was noted for his villain roles laced with a touch of humour. He came into the limelight for his characterisation of Kochuvava in the play "Kattukuthira". Rajan P. Dev died in Kochi Wednesday 29 July 2009 due to a liver disease.



Glory

Glory may refer to:







Glory hole

A glory hole is a hole that is cut into the side of a bathroom stall or wall. People use these holes to have anonymous sex with each other. Glory holes became popular in the 1950s-70s with the gay community when homosexuality was outlawed or was a criminal act in many places. They started to lose popularity during the height of the HIV/AIDS crisis in the 1980s and when homosexuality was decriminalized in many places. While popular with gay men, glory holes have also been used by heterosexual and bisexual people.

Riyad Mahrez

Riyad Karim Mahrez (; born 21 February 1991) is an Algerian professional football player who captains the Algerian national football team. He also plays as a right-winger for the Saudi Pro League team Al-Ahli.

Mahrez made his international debut for Algeria in 2014 and represented them at the 2014 FIFA World Cup and at the Africa Cup of Nations in 2015, 2017, 2019 and 2021. His team won the 2019 African Cup of Nations. It was only the second time that Algeria has won the "African Cup of Nations" ever.

Leicester City

Manchester City

Algeria

Individual



Society &amp; Organizations Institute

The Society & Organizations Institute is a research center, unique in Europe, which members work on societal and environmental issues. Their activities are applied to companies. It is located on the HEC Paris campus in Jouy-en-Josas.

The center is member of HEC Paris. It is located in Jouy-en-Josas. Around 60 members work on social inclusion and sustainable development inside companies. The Institute bases its research around three main areas :


The center has several programs for students as well as for faculty to promote the concept of society. Several initiatives that the center has started has raised awareness for both society and inclusivity in Jouy-en-Josas and more globally in France.


With or Without You

"With or Without You" is a 1987 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the leading single from their fifth studio album "The Joshua Tree" and went to number 1 in the United States, Ireland and Canada, number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Australia, number 2 in the Netherlands, number 5 in Spain, New Zealand and Finland, number 10 in Switzerland and France and number 11 in South Africa.

WAGR R class (diesel)

The WAGR R class were a total of 5 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1968 to 1992.

The R class were built in 1968 by English Electric of Rocklea, Brisbane, Queensland essentially as a narrow gauge form of the K class diesels of 1966. A longer and more slender version of the R class was produced in 1972, becoming the Ra class, these lacked dynamic brakes.

The R class entered service on bauxite traffic, all were withdrawn by late 1991, and all but one were scrapped at Midland Railway Workshops in 1992. No. 1902 lasted until 2016 under Greentrains before being scrapped at Bellevue.

WAGR Ra class (diesel)

The WAGR Ra class were a total of 13 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1969 to 1991.

The Ra class were a more slender and improved version of the standard R class, they were built by English Electric of Rocklea, Brisbane, Queensland from 1968 to 1974. They weren't fitted with dynamic brakes, unlike the R class, both were withdrawn in 1991, with all but the Ka (standard gauge) conversions being scrapped. No. 1918 was converted to Ka class No. 213, but later reconverted to an Ra class, and is now preserved and displayed at the Bassendean Railway Museum.

Arcola, Missouri

Arcola is a village in Dade County, Missouri, United States.

Dadeville, Missouri

Dadeville is a village in Dade County, Missouri, United States.

South Greenfield, Missouri

South Greenfield is a village in Dade County, Missouri, United States.

Louisburg, Missouri

Louisburg is a village in Dallas County, Missouri, United States.

Gilman City, Missouri

Gilman City is a city in Daviess and Harrison counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Altamont, Missouri

Altamont is a village in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.

Jameson, Missouri

Jameson is a village in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.

Leave (Get Out)

"Leave (Get Out)" is a 2004 debut single by JoJo and is the leading single from her debut studio album "JoJo". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, New Zealand and Australia, number 12 in the United States and France, number 1 in Scotland, number 11 in Denmark and the Czech Republic, number 10 in Poland, number 4 in the Netherlands, number 3 in Ireland and number 5 in Switzerland.







Lock Springs, Missouri

Lock Springs is a village in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.

Winston, Missouri

Winston is a village in Daviess County, Missouri, United States.

Amity, Missouri

Amity is a village in DeKalb County, Missouri, United States.

Partula dentifera

Partula dentifera is an extinct "Partula" species.

It is incorrectly listed as extinct in the wild in the IUCN Red List due to "Partula navigatoria" being misidentified as "Partula dentifera" until 2019.

Too Little Too Late

"Too Little Too Late" is a 2006 song by JoJo and is the leading single from her second studio album "The High Road". It went to number 2 in Ireland, number 3 in Canada and the United States, number 4 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in New Zealand, number 10 in Australia, number 11 in Denmark and Italy and number 18 in Sweden.



Burn for You (John Farnham song)

"Burn for You" is a 1990 song by Australian singer John Farnham and is the third single from his 14th studio album "Chain Reaction". It went to number 5 in Australia.

Australian CD and 7-inch single

12-inch single

Streaky the Supercat

Streaky the Super-Cat is a fictional superhero pet appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is Supergirl's pet cat who gained incredible powers through exposure to X-Kryptonite; such as flight, super-strength, super-speed, invulnerability, and enhanced vision abilities. His distinctive mark is a lightning bolt in his fur running along both sides. He's also a member of the Legion of Super-Pets, alongside other super-powered animals such as Krypto, Beppo and Comet.

"Streaky" was created by Otto Binder and Jim Mooney, first appearing in "Action Comics" #261. (1960)

Beppo (comics)

Beppo the Super-Monkey is fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is a monkey with Kryptonian super-powers, involved with Superman and the Superman Family. Originally one of Jor-El's testing animals for experiments on the planet Krypton, Beppo stowed away on young Kal-El's rocket-ship to Earth. He eventually became a member of the Legion of Super-Pets.

"Beppo" was created by Otto Binder and George Papp, first appearing in "Superboy" #76 (1959).

Comet (DC Comics)

Comet the Super-Horse is a fictional superhero pet appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is a pet horse belonging to Supergirl. Born as a centaur in ancient Greece, a witch had cast a spell on him that allowed him to switch between both forms. She also gave him a variety of other super-powers, including immortality. Whilst on a mission with Supergirl on another planet, he was given the opportunity to turn into a human, but only while a comet passed through the solar system. As a man, he adopted the identity of rodeo star "Bronco" Bill Starr. He was also a member of the Legion of Super-Pets.

"Comet the Super-Horse" was created by Leo Dorfman and Jim Mooney, first appearing in "Adventure Comics" #293 (1962).

Ritika Shrotri

Ritika Shrotri is an Indian actress from Pune, Maharashtra. She mostly appears in Marathi films. She passed the SSC exam from SPM English School, Sadashiv Peth, Pune, and is now attending S.P. College, Pune.

She started her career as a child actor and appeared in the serial "Guntata Hriday He" with Mrinal Kulkarni, Pallavi Subhash, and Sandeep Kulkarni in the role of Devi and in the film "Prem Mhanje Prem Mhanje Prem Asta," directed by Mrinal Kulkarni, in the role of Ashu. In 2012, she appeared in the "Dabba Gul" and "Be Dune 10" TV series. She made her Marathi film debut as a lead actress in the Marathi movie "Slambook." which is released in August 2015 with Dilip Prabhavalkar, Kushal Badrike, Usha Nadkarni, Shantanau Ragnekar. She also had a role in Marathi short film "Tya Ratri". In 2017, Shrotri performed the role of Grace in the Super-hit Marathi feature film "Boyz" produced by Avadhoot Gupte playing an item number. After that, she appeared in Bucket List with Madhuri Dixit, Sumeet Raghavan which was released in 2018.

Our Daughter

Our Daughter () is a 1981 Cameroonian drama movie directed by Daniel Kamwa (who also starred) and starring Nicole Okala, Stanislas Awona, Elise Atangana, Berthe Mbia, Florence Niasse. It was nominated for the Golden Prize at the Moscow International Film Festival in 1981.

Further Than the Moon

Further Than the Moon () is a 2003 Belgian drama movie directed by Stijn Coninx and starring Huub Stapel, Johanna ter Steege, Neeltje de Vree.

Gold Coast Knights F.C.

Gold Coast Knights United Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Carrara, a suburb of the Gold Coast. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Queensland (NPL QLD). The club was founded by Croatian Australians and has strong connections to the Gold Coast's Croatian community.

Devonport City FC

Devonport City Football Club, nicknamed the Strikers, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Devonport, a city in Tasmania. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Tasmania (NPL TAS).

South Hobart FC

South Hobart Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in South Hobart, a suburb of Hobart. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Tasmania (NPL TAS).

South Hobart is the oldest soccer club in Tasmania.

Olympia FC Warriors

Olympia Football Club Warriors is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Warrane, a suburb of Hobart. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Tasmania (NPL TAS). It was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Hobart's Greek community.

Queensland Lions FC

Queensland Lions Football Club, formerly called Hollandia Inala Soccer Club, is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Richlands, a suburb of Brisbane. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Queensland (NPL QLD). It was founded by Dutch Australians and has strong connections to Brisbane's Dutch community.

Moreton Bay United FC

Moreton Bay United Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Albany Creek, a suburb of Brisbane. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Queensland (NPL QLD).

Peninsula Power FC

Peninsula Power Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Redcliffe, a suburb of Brisbane. It competes in the National Premier Leagues Queensland (NPL QLD).

Black and white cookie

Black and white cookies are soft, fluffy cookies that are have two colors of frosting, one half black and one half white. The black side is chocolate and the white side is vanilla. They were created in New York City.

Legion of Super-Pets

The Legion of Super-Pets is a team of super-powerful sentient animals appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics, usually associated with the Superman Family and the Legion of Super-Heroes, that fight crime together. The original membership included Krypto the Superdog, Streaky the Supercat, Beppo the Super-Monkey, and Comet the Super-Horse, with the shape-shifting alien Proty II later joining.

The Legion was created by Jerry Siegel and Curt Swan and made its first appearance in "Adventure Comics" #293. (1962)

A CGI-animated movie based on the team, "DC League of Super-Pets", was released in 2022.

Balasore district

Balasore, also known as Baleswar, is a city in the state of Odisha, about 194 km (121 mi) north of the state capital Bhubaneswar and 300 km (186 mi) from Kolkata, in eastern India. It is the largest town of northern Odisha and the administrative headquarters of Balasore district. It is best known for Chandipur beach. It is also called 'missile city'. The Indian Ballistic Missile Defence Programme's Integrated Test Range is located 18 km south of Balasore.

Pink Friday 2

Pink Friday 2 is the fifth album by Trinidadian-born rapper Nicki Minaj which released on December 8, 2023 by Young Money Entertainment and Republic Records.

The singles for the album are Super Freaky Girl which debuted at number 1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and Last Time I Saw You which debuted at number 23 on the Billboard Hot 100.

Notes

Sample credits

Rohan Dennis

Rohan Dennis (born 28 May 1990) is an Australian professional road racing cyclist who currently rides for UCI WorldTeam . Dennis was born, raised, and resides in Adelaide, Australia. He won back to back UCI men's individual time trial world championships in 2018 and 2019.


Ruhi Singh

Ruhi Dilip Singh (born 12 October 1995) is an Indian actress, and model who primarily appears in Hindi films and television. She participated in Femina Miss India East 2011, the preliminary for Femina Miss India contest and was crowned 1st Runner up. She later won the title of Miss Universal Peace and Humanity 2014.

Vanessa Kahlon

Vanessa Kahlon (born 6 March 1979) is an author and founder of Kahlon Family Services School (KFS), YEAS Yoga, and The 3R Method (Redo, Rewind, and Repair) that teaches social emotional learning through relationship building. 

Vanessa Kahlon is a thriving entrepreneur with more than two decades of experience under her belt. She founded her own company, Kahlon Family Services (KFS), in 2008. KFS provides behavior consultations, social skills groups, support professionals in schools, and parenting groups for families with children with Learning and Behavioral challenges and needs. She also created her own yoga curriculum, YEAS YOGA, to address the self-regulation needs of high-spirited children. In addition, the 3R Method, Redo, Rewind, & Repair to teach social emotional learning. Vanessa is the Executive Director of KFS School, a K-8 program serving children in San Francisco and the Bay Area community. She is also the host of "Parenting with Vanessa Kahlon", a radio show and podcast that empowers parents with tools and strategies for their children's daily struggles. She has written 3 books "Shut Up & Parent", "How To Do Parenting With Confidence" and "Teaching With Heart" self-care journal for teachers. Vanessa has been recognized for her professional and personal approach, as well as her results-driven philosophy, by being named Woman of the Year by the National Association of Professional Women in 2014, and Top 30 Influential and Women Entrepreneurs by Entrepreneurs Herald in 2021 and 2022, New York Journal 50 under 50 and lastly Forbes New York for her work helping families respectively.

She completed her education from California State University San Marcos, BA and Sophia University, MA.

Raashid Alvi

Raashid Alvi is an Indian politician who served as a member of the Indian Parliament from both the Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha. He is currently a member of the Indian National Congress party.

Raashid Alvi was born in Chandpur, Bijnor, Uttar Pradesh, on 15 April 1956, to Islama Khatoon and Malik Irfan Ahmad Alvi, a freedom fighter


Pumpkin (movie)

The Pumpkin is a 2002 romantic comedy and drama movie. Anthony Abrams and Adam Larson Broder are the directors.

Carolyn McDuffy (played by Christina Ricci) is a college senior beginning her final year at a Southern California university. She helps sorority groups win an award when joining in training some intellectually held back or otherwise disabled young adults for the Challenged Games (fictional version of the Special Olympics).

Carolyn is paired with Jesse "Pumpkin" Romanoff. Romanoff is an intellectually held up and physically disabled kind man. He is kind with her. He begins an affection with Carolyn and vice versa. Jesse is genuine unlike her current boyfriend Kent Woodlands.

Carolyn undergoes backlash and hate/contempt about her relationship by her friends and family members. That includes Pumpkin's own mother Judy. The mother walks into her son's bedroom and learns Carolyn and Pumpkin might have become sexually involved.

Judy (Pumpkin's mother) accuses Carolyn of rape against her son. Judy then says she (Carolyn) hasn't any idea what the latter did to him. She (Judy) later calls Carolyn's college and that leads to Carolyn being expelled from her sorority and her university. Carolyn tries killing herself by taking pills but then vomits them back up.

Roger Ebert gave a positive review to the movie. But the Rotten Tomatoes did almost the opposite saying that "Pumpkin" had messy premises to its genre.

François René Mallarmé

François-René-Auguste Mallarmé ( 25 February 1755 – 25 July 1835) was a French statesman of the French Revolution and a supporter of Napoleon Bonaparte and the French Empire. His life is of specific interest and President of the National Convention.

Jean-Marie Collot d'Herbois

Jean-Marie Collot d'Herbois (19 June 1749 in Paris – 8 June 1796 in Cayenne, French Guiana) was a French actor, dramatist, essayist, and revolutionary. He was a member of the Committee of Public Safety during the Reign of Terror and, while he saved Madame Tussaudfrom the Guillotine, he administered the execution of more than 2,000 people in the city of Lyon. Collot d'Herbois was the 20th President of the National Convention from July 1794 to August 1794.

WandaVision

WandaVision is an American web television miniseries, based on the Marvel Comics superheroes Scarlet Witch and Vision. The series is a sequel to "". It is the thirteenth television series in the Marvel Cinematic Universe, and the first installment of Phase Four and The Multiverse Saga. The series was produced by Marvel Studios and was released on Disney+.

The first and only season premiered on January 15, 2021, and concluded on March 5, 2021.

Marvel Studios' "WandaVision" blends the style of classic sitcoms with the Marvel Cinematic Universe in which Wanda Maximoff and Vision – two super-powered beings living their ideal suburban life – begin to suspect that everything is not as it seems.



In 2009, Marvel assembled a group of screenwriters to write film scripts for lesser-known characters, which included Vision.

During the press junket for "Avengers: Infinity War", Bob Iger approached Kevin Feige about doing television series for Disney+, Disney's then upcoming streaming service. Feige then had conversations with Elizabeth Olsen and Paul Bettany because he felt that Scarlet Witch and Vision had many more stories to tell, as the films had only scratched the surface of their relationship.

On September 18, 2018, "Variety" reported that Marvel Studios was developing a limited television series for Scarlet Witch on Disney+, with Elizabeth Olsen set to reprise her role for the series, with Kevin Feige confirmed to serve as an executive producer.

On October 30, 2018, "/Film" reported that Paul Bettany was expected to reprise his role as Vision and play a large role in the Scarlet Witch series, which would focus on the relationship between Vision and Scarlet Witch.

On November 30, 2018, "Deadline" reported that the series was set to premiere in 2019 and that it would be titled "Vision and the Scarlet Witch", although the title was later removed from the article.

On January 9, 2019, "The Hollywood Reporter" reported that Jac Schaeffer would serve as the showrunner and an executive producer of the series and would write the pilot episode. It was also reported that the series would be titled "The Vision and Scarlet Witch".

On April 11, 2019, during Disney's 2019 Investor Day, it was revealed that the series would be titled "WandaVision" and that it would premiere during the second year of Disney+.

During the premiere event for "Avengers: Endgame", Elizabeth Olsen revealed that the series would start production in the Fall of 2019 and that it would be six-hours long.

On July 20, 2019, at San Diego Comic-Con 2019, Kevin Feige announced that the series was scheduled to debut on Disney+ in the Spring of 2021. It was also announced that Teyonah Parris would appear in the series as Monica Rambeau.

On August 23, 2019, at D23 Expo 2019, Kevin Feige announced that Kat Dennings and Randall Park were set to reprise their roles as Darcy Lewis and Jimmy Woo, respectively, in the series and that Kathryn Hahn had joined the cast of the series in an undisclosed role. It was also revealed that Matt Shakman would direct all six episodes.

In September 2019, it was reported that the series would start production on November 4 in Atlanta.

On December 18, 2019, Christophe Beck revealed that he would compose the series' score.

On January 1, 2020, Disney+ posted a video on Twitter advertising what is coming to the service in 2020, revealing that the series would debut in 2020 instead of 2021.

On February 4, 2020, Bob Iger announced that the series would debut in December 2020.

On March 1, 2020, it was reported that the series had wrapped principal photography.

On March 14, 2020, Marvel Studios paused production on the series, along with "The Falcon and The Winter Soldier" and "Loki", as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.

On June 4, 2020, it was reported that the series would begin additional photography in July in Los Angeles.

On September 16, 2020, Disney+ posted a video on Twitter advertising some of the titles that were coming to the service in the remainder of 2020, revealing that the series was still scheduled to premiere in 2020.

On November 12, 2020, it was announced that the series would premiere on January 15, 2021.

On January 4, 2021, it was reported that the series' first season would consist of nine episodes. That same day, it was announced that the series would feature original theme songs written by Kristen Anderson-Lopez and Robert Lopez.

On May 3, 2021, Kevin Feige revealed that there were plans for Doctor Strange to appear in "The Series Finale". However, those plans were eventually scrapped.

On October 7, 2021, "Variety" reported that a spin-off centered on Agatha Harkness was in development with Jac Schaeffer attached to write and executive produce.

On October 28, 2022, "Deadline" reported that a spin-off series focusing on White Vision was in pre-production at Marvel Studios. The series would exist in addition to the previously announced spin-off "Agatha: Darkhold Diaries".

The Falcon and the Winter Soldier

The Falcon and the Winter Soldier is an American web television miniseries, based on the Marvel Comics superheroes of the same names. The series is a sequel to "" (2019). It is the fourteenth television series in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU), and the second installment of Phase Four. The series was produced by Marvel Studios and was released on Disney+.

The first and only season premiered on March 19, 2021, and concluded on April 23, 2021. A fourth "Captain America" movie, titled "", will serve as a continuation of the series. The movie is set to be released on February 14, 2025.

Following the events of "" (2019), Sam Wilson/Falcon and Bucky Barnes/Winter Soldier team up in a global adventure that tests their abilities — and their patience — in Marvel Studios' "The Falcon and The Winter Soldier".



On October 30, 2018, "Variety" reported that Marvel Studios was developing a limited TV series featuring Falcon and Winter Soldier on Disney+, with Kevin Feige set to serve as an executive producer, while Malcolm Spellman was confirmed to serve as the writer of the series.

On April 11, 2019, during Disney's 2019 Investor Day, it was announced that the series would premiere during the first year of Disney+.

On May 17, 2019, Sebastian Stan revealed that the series would start filming in October 2019. That report also mentioned that it would be filmed in Atlanta, Georgia. Later that month, it was reported that the series would premiere in August 2020 and that Kari Skogland was expected to direct the six episodes, with Daniel Brühl and Emily VanCamp set to reprise their roles as Helmut Zemo and Sharon Carter respectively in the series.

On July 10, 2019, "The Wrap" reported that Derek Kolstad had joined the series' writing team.

On July 20, 2019, at San Diego Comic-Con 2019, Feige announced that the series was scheduled to debut on Disney+ in the fall of 2020.

In August 2019, it was reported that the series would start production on October 22, 2019, in Atlanta.

On August 23, 2019, at D23 Expo 2019, Feige announced that Wyatt Russell had joined the show as John Walker/U.S. Agent.

On October 21, 2019, filming began at Pinewood Studios in Atlanta under the working title "Tag Team".

On December 13, 2019, "Deadline Hollywood" reported that Desmond Chiam and Miki Ishikawa had joined the cast in undisclosed roles.

On January 13, 2020, it was reported that the production of the series was temporarily postponed due to recent earthquakes in Puerto Rico.

On February 4, 2020, Bob Iger confirmed that the series would debut in August 2020.

On March 3, 2020, it was reported that filming would take place in Prague, Czech Republic for three weeks.

On March 10, 2020, it was reported that the production of the series in Prague had been shut down due to the spread of COVID-19 and that they would return to Atlanta for filming.

On March 14, 2020, Marvel Studios paused production on "The Falcon and the Winter Soldier", along with "Loki" and "WandaVision", as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic.

On April 24, 2020, Sebastian Stan revealed in an interview that there were about two or three weeks of filming left before production was shut down.

On July 1, 2020, it was reported that the series would shoot in the Czech Republic for nine days in the fall.

On July 2, 2020, it was reported that the series would begin pre-production in Georgia that month, with the aim to start filming as early as August.

On July 17, 2020, it was reported that the series' August premiere date had been delayed due to the COVID-19 pandemic and that a new premiere date would be announced soon.

On September 21, 2020, it was reported that the series would premiere in 2021 instead of 2020.

On September 29, 2020, VanCamp revealed that she had finished shooting her scenes for the series.

On October 6, 2020, it was reported that the series had resumed filming in Prague and that filming was expected to continue until October 23.

On October 23, 2020, it was reported that the series had wrapped principal photography.

On December 3, 2020, VanCamp said that the series might premiere in early 2021.

On December 10, 2020, during Disney's 2020 Investor Day, Feige announced that the series would premiere on March 19, 2021.

On December 28, 2020, it was reported that Henry Jackman had composed the series' score.

On February 3, 2021, Don Cheadle revealed that he would be reprising his role as James Rhodes/War Machine in the series.

Lion's Head (Cape Town)

Lion's Head is a mountain in Cape Town, South Africa, between Table Mountain and Signal Hill. Lion's Head peaks at 669 metres (2,195 ft) above sea level. The peak forms part of a dramatic backdrop to the city of Cape Town and is part of the Table Mountain National Park.
The upper part of the peak consists of flat-lying Table Mountain sandstone and the lower slopes are formed by the Cape Granite and the Malmesbury formation, which are older Precambrian rocks.

Lion's Head is covered in fynbos (indigenous Cape vegetation), with an unusually rich biodiversity that supports a variety of small animals. Three main vegetation types can be found in this relatively small area. All three of them are endemic to the city of Cape Town and can be found nowhere else. Most of Lion's Head is covered in endangered Granite Fynbos, which fades into Peninsula Shale Renosterveld (critically endangered) on the lower slopes towards Signal Hill in the north. Right on the summit of Lion's Head however, is a tiny patch of endangered Sandstone Fynbos, a different ecosystem that is also found nearby on the top of Table Mountain.

Plantation (Maine)

In the U.S. state of Maine, a plantation is a type of small civil division between an unincorporated area and a town. The word in modern times is usually only used in Maine. Plantations are commonly found in not populated places.

No other state has a division equal to a plantation. Massachusetts used the term "plantation" in colonial times (1700s) for a community in a before-town stage of development. It is thought that Maine got the term from Massachusetts, as Maine was once called The District of Maine when it was part of Massachusetts. However, the term has not been used in Massachusetts since the 18th century. The term was also used in colonial Rhode Island, and a trace of it stayed in the official State name until 2020, Rhode Island and Providence Plantations.

Richard Walden Hale wrote in "The Story of Bar Harbor", describing the making of a plantation:
First came the survey, without which no settlement was legal. Land so surveyed was divided into 'townships,' which in New England means areas planned for development into full-fledged towns. Then certain proprietors--who might be a religious congregation, a group of speculators, or a group of would-be settlers--bought the 'township,' 'planted it' with settlers, and saw to it that land was reserved for a church and school. When enough settlers had been planted, limited self government was granted, and the township was raised in status to a 'plantation.' When the population of the 'plantation' should have grown large enough, another step forward was taken, the area received full civil rights, the full town organization came into force, and in those days one representative in the legislature or 'General Court' was automatically allotted to the new town. ... Such a system still holds good in Maine. ... To this day one can go thirty miles northeast of Bar Harbor and find, still unsettled, Township Number Seven, just back of Gouldsboro and Sullivan, and then go twenty miles southeast--in each case as the crow flies--and find Swan's Island Plantation, where to this day there is not enough population for the full complement of town officials.

Despite a decreasing number of people, with a permanent number of people of 468 in 1950 and only 331 in 2012, Swan’s Island was later made a town, possibly helped by regular state ferry service which began in 1960. Today the town is a popular summer colony, with a summer population of over 1,000.



Loki (TV series)

Loki is an American web television series, based on the Marvel Comics anti-hero of the same name. It is the fifteenth television series in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). The series is produced by Marvel Studios and was released on Disney+.

The first season is a sequel to "" (2019) and the third installment of Phase Four of the MCU. It premiered on June 9, 2021 and concluded on July 14, 2021.

The second season is the fifth installment of Phase Five of the MCU. It premiered on October 5, 2023 and concluded on November 9, 2023.

In Marvel Studios' "Loki", the mercurial villain Loki resumes his role as the God of Mischief in a new series that takes place after the events of "" (2019).

"Loki" Season 2 picks up in the aftermath of the shocking season finale when Loki finds himself in a battle for the soul of the Time Variance Authority. Along with Mobius M. Mobius, Hunter B-15 and a team of new and returning characters, Loki navigates an ever-expanding and increasingly dangerous multiverse in search of Sylvie, Judge Renslayer, Miss Minutes and the truth of what it means to possess free will and glorious purpose.



Before the release of "" (2018), Kevin Feige told Tom Hiddleston about Disney+, Disney's then upcoming streaming service, and revealed that a series centered on Loki was one of the ideas that Marvel Studios was working on.

On September 18, 2018, "Variety" reported that Marvel Studios was developing a limited television series centered on Loki for Disney+, with Feige set to serve as an executive producer.

On November 8, 2018, Bob Iger confirmed that the series was in development and that Hiddleston would be reprising his role as Loki.

On February 15, 2019, "The Hollywood Reporter" reported that Michael Waldron would serve as the showrunner and an executive producer of the first season of the series as well as write the pilot episode.

On April 11, 2019, during Disney's 2019 Investor Day, it was announced that the series would premiere during the second year of Disney+.

On July 20, 2019, at San Diego Comic-Con 2019, Feige announced that the series would premiere in Spring 2021. He also stated that the series would be exploring what Loki did after he stole the Tesseract during the Time Heist in "" (2019) and created a new timeline.

On August 8, 2019, it was reported that the series would begin production on January 28, 2020.

On August 14, 2019, during an interview with "MTV News", Hiddleston revealed that the first season of the series would be six hours long and teased that Loki would face "more formidable opponents" than he has encountered before.

On August 23, 2019, at D23 Expo 2019, Feige announced that Kate Herron would direct the first season of the series.

On November 7, 2019, Feige revealed that the series would tie in with "Doctor Strange in the Multiverse of Madness" (2022).

On December 21, 2019, Hiddleston revealed that the series had begun pre-production.

On January 15, 2020, it was reported that the series would begin production on January 20.

On March 14, 2020, Marvel Studios paused production on "Loki", along with "The Falcon and the Winter Soldier" (2021) and "WandaVision" (2021). This was done due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

On July 2, 2020, it was reported that the series would begin pre-production in Georgia that month with the aim to start production as early as August.

On September 22, 2020, Gugu Mbatha-Raw revealed in an interview that the series had resumed production.

On November 5, 2020, it was revealed that a second season of the series was in development and that it would start production in January 2022 under the working title "Architect".

On December 10, 2020, during Disney's 2020 Investor Day, Kevin Feige announced that the series would premiere in May 2021.

On December 16, 2020, it was reported that the first season of the series had wrapped production.

On January 5, 2021, Natalie Holt confirmed reports that she would be composing the score for the first season of the series.

On February 24, 2021, it was announced that the series would premiere on June 11.

On May 5, 2021, it was announced that the series' premiere was pushed up two days from its initial premiere date to June 9.

On July 16, 2021, in an interview with "Deadline Hollywood", Kate Herron revealed that she would not be returning to direct the second season of the series. It was also reported that Sylvie Laufeydottir and Variants of He Who Remains would appear in the second season.

On December 5, 2021, it was reported that the second season of the series was scheduled to start production in February 2022 in the United Kingdom.

On January 31, 2022, it was reported that the second season of the series was scheduled to start production in the summer in the United Kingdom.

On February 17, 2022, "Deadline" reported that Justin Benson and Aaron Moorhead would be co-directing the majority of the second season of the series. It was also reported that Eric Martin was set to write the second season of the series.

In May 2022, it was revealed that the second season of the series was scheduled to start production on June 6 in London.

On June 13, 2022, it was reported that the second season of the series had begun production in London and was expected to wrap in December.

On July 7, 2022, in an interview with "Inverse", Natalie Holt revealed that she would be returning to compose the score for the second season of the series.

On July 15, 2022, "Deadline" reported that Rafael Casal had joined the cast of the series in an undisclosed major role.

On July 23, 2022, at San Diego Comic-Con 2022, Feige announced that the second season of the series would premiere in Summer 2023.

On September 10, 2022, at D23 Expo 2022, Feige announced that Ke Huy Quan had joined the cast of the series in an undisclosed role.

On December 2, 2022, "Deadline" reported that Kate Dickie had joined the cast of the series in an undisclosed role.

On May 16, 2023, it was announced that the second season of the series would premiere on October 6.

On September 18, 2023, it was announced that the premiere of the second season of the series was pushed up a day from its initial premiere date to October 5.

Time Variance Authority

The Time Variance Authority (TVA) is a fictional bureaucratic organization from the Marvel Comics universe, created by the Time-Keepers, tasked with preserving the "Sacred Timeline" and preventing the creation of branching timelines caused by nexus events in accordance with the vision of the Time-Keepers.

The TVA was first introduced in the Marvel Cinematic Universe in the Disney+ television series "Loki".

Deliriant

Deliriants are a type of drugs that can cause hallucinations. They are similar to drugs like Ketamine, but their primary effect is Delirium, which is different than the effect by drugs like Ketamine. Deliriants are usually anticholinergic drugs including first generation antihistamines. For example Promethazine, Doxylamine and Dipenhydramine.

Temirtau

Temirtau is a city in the Karaganda Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, the population of the city is 171,890 people, and the population of the urban area is 177,628 people. The city is a satellite city of Karaganda, the center of the region.

The name of the city is translated from Kazakh as “iron mountain”.

The city of Temirtau, which was originally called the village of Samarkant, was founded by settlers of the Stolypin reform () in 1905.

The construction of the city and its industrial buildings began because of the development of the Karaganda coal basin.

During the Great Patriotic War (the Russian name for World War II), it was decided to build a metallurgical plant in the Samarkant. The plant was built in the shortest possible time and already produced the first steel at the end of 1944.

On October 1, 1945, the workers' settlement of Samarkant officially received the status of a city with the name Temirtau. About 29,000 people lived in the city at that time.

The city of Temirtau has a developed transport infrastructure. The city has several companies serving about thirty bus routes covering the entire city. Minibus taxis are common in the city; ordinary passenger taxis are offered by many companies.

Liminal space (aesthetic)

In internet aesthetics, liminal spaces are empty or abandoned places that are eerie or surreal. Liminal spaces are places that are usually busy that appear empty for an unnatural reason. Some research has shown that liminal spaces may appear eerie or strange because they fall into an uncanny valley of architecture. 

The aesthetic gained popularity in 2019 after a post on 4chan showing a liminal space called the Backrooms went viral. Since then, liminal space images have been posted across the internet, including on Reddit, Twitter, and TikTok.

Mauricio Umansky

Mauricio Simon Umansky (born June 25, 1970) is a Mexican real estate broker and television personality. He is best known as a co-founder and CEO of The Agency RE, a global boutique real estate brokerage based in Beverly Hills, California, and for appearing as a main cast member on the Netflix reality television series "Buying Beverly Hills" since 2022.

Mauricio Simon Umansky was born in Mexico City, Mexico on June 25, 1970, as the elder of two children to Eduardo Umansky, a clothing manufacturer, and Estella Sneider, a psychologist. He has a younger sister. He is Jewish. Umansky was raised in Mexico and moved to the United States with his family at the age of six. He is of Russian, Greek and Turkish decent.

Umansky suffered from neutropenia as a young child, spending a considerable amount of time in hospital. He has been diagnosed legally blind in one eye as a result of the condition.

Umansky attended the University of Southern California, but dropped out to pursue a business venture.

Umansky founded 90265, a clothing company, in 1989. He claims to have started the trend where women wear oversized t-shirts with leggings. He sold the company in 1996.

Umansky made his debut as a real estate agent working at Hilton & Hyland, a boutique firm in Beverly Hills, California, which is co-owned by his brother-in-law, Rick Hilton. He earned over US$200,000 in commissions in his first year and was the number-one agent for eight or nine years straight. His first sale at the firm was a property in Brentwood, California, belonging to his wife's ex-husband, which he sold for US$7.5 million.

Umansky, Billy Rose and Blair Chang co-founded The Agency RE, a global boutique real estate brokerage, based in Beverly Hills, in July 2011. Since it's inception, The Agency RE has grown to over 100 offices and over 2,000 agents across the United States, Canada, Mexico, the Caribbean, Central America, and Europe. He has achieved nearly US$5 billion in real estate sales and holds the distinction of selling the most homes in the country priced above US$20 million. He has represented some of the world's most noteworthy properties, including the Playboy Mansion - which was the first house in Los Angeles to sell above the US$100 million mark - the Walt Disney estate, and residences owned by Michael Jackson, Michael Jordan, and Prince.

Umansky was ranked as the third individual U.S. real estate agent for total number of real estate sales transactions in 2018 by RealTrends as published in "The Wall Street Journal".

Umansky made his television debut in March 2005, during an episode of the MTV reality television series "".

Umansky has appeared as a guest on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" since October 2010.

Umansky has appeared as a main cast member on the Netflix reality television series "Buying Beverly Hills" since November 4, 2022. The series focuses on Umansky and his team, along with the clients at The Agency RE.

Umansky competed in the 32nd season of "Dancing with the Stars", partnered with professional dancer Emma Slater, debuting on September 26, 2023. They were the sixth couple eliminated, leaving on October 31.

Umansky authored "The Dealmaker: How to Succeed in Business & Life Through Dedication, Determination & Disruption" (), which was published by Gallery Books on April 11, 2023.

Umansky, with his wife, is listed on the "First Families" of the Children's Hospital Los Angeles, which means they have donated US$100,000 or more to the hospital. The couple also held fundraisers for the CHLA in 2013 and 2019, which were featured on "The Real Housewives".

Umansky serves as a board member for Giveback Homes, an organization dedicated to building homes for families in need.

Umansky resides in Encino, Los Angeles with Richards, their three daughters and their dogs.

Umansky met his wife, Kyle Richards, an actress, in 1994. The couple wed on January 20, 1996, when Richards was 4 months pregnant with their daughter Alexia Umansky. They have two more daughters together; Sophia Umansky and Portia Umansky. Farrah Brittany, Richards' daughter from her first marriage, has been his stepdaughter since she was five years old. Umansky's in-law's were business consultant Ken Richards and casting director Kathleen Richards. On July 3, 2023, it was reported by "People" magazine that Umansky and Richards had separated after 27 years of marriage. The couple later released a joint statement which denied they were divorcing, but admitted that they were going through a difficult period in their marriage. Umansky and Richards have both since confirmed their separation.

Umansky is a cousin of Doris Bessudo, from Bravo's reality television series "Mexican Dynasties".

Veronica Cale

Veronica Cale is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She is a brilliant scientist and corporate executive who has been an enemy to Wonder Woman. Her dislike of Wonder Woman is personal, and she has targeted the superhero many times for her own reasons. She has also been a member of the Science Squad.

"Veronica Cale" was created by Greg Rucka and Drew Johnson, first appearing in "Wonder Woman" (Volume 2) #196 (2003).

Central vowel

A central vowel, also known before as a mixed vowel, is any in a class of vowel sounds used in some spoken languages. The biggest thing of a central vowel is that the tongue is put halfway between a front vowel and a back vowel. (Using this, unrounded central vowels are usually further forward and rounded central vowels are further back.)

The central vowels that have their own symbols in the International Phonetic Alphabet are:


There also are central vowels that do not have their own symbols in the IPA:


Villainy Inc.

Villainy Inc. is a team of supervillainnesses who appear in American comic books published by DC Comics. They are enemies of Wonder Woman. The Golden Age version was led by Eviless, the Modern Age version was led by Queen Clea, and the Prime Earth version was led by Doctor Psycho and masterminded by Hera. There have been many members over the years and several incarnations of the team, but the original group was made of Blue Snowman, Cheetah, Doctor Poison, Giganta, Hypnota, Queen Clea, and Zara. "Villainy, Inc." was created by William Moulton Marston and Harry G. Peter, first appearing in "Wonder Woman" #28 (1948).

Makedonsko Delo

Makedonsko Delo () was a pro-Macedonian newspaper connected to the IMRO (United) and came out on the 10th and 25th of each month. It was printed in Berlin, Vienna, and Paris. The newspaper started on September 10, 1925, and had notable people like Dimitar Vlahov, Vladimir Pop Tomov, and Pavel Šatev. In total, 179 issues were published, with the last one on May 25, 1935. In its time, the newspaper stood out as one of the few supporting the idea of an independent Macedonian nation.

During the 1920s there were many Macedonian activist in foreign land, the most notable ones being IMRO (United) which had bases in Vienna and Istanbul, the group in Vienna had a big disagreement with the one in Istanbul, mostly because the Istanbul supported the Comintern while the other disliked how the Comintern handled the Macedonian question

In 1924 there was a meeting with IMRO members from all over Eastern Europe, some of which sided with the group in Vienna, since then the groups were divided into two, those who supported the Comintern formed another newspaper known as ""Makedonsko samoznanie"" (Macedonian self-education) and the other formed Makedonsko delo.

Makedonsko delo began to publish issues in September 10, 1925, the first issue was edited by Dimitar Vlahov, and he was the main editors of the first few editions before Vladimir Pop Tomov became the main editor. The main mission of the newspaper was the unity of Macedonia and all of its regions and to create a seperate nations for the Macedonians, or for the inclusion of Macedonia into a Balkan federation.

The main editor Vladamir Pop Tomov also used multiple fake names in order to hide his name such as the fake name "V. Gramov". As soon as the newspaper began becoming popular it was banned in Yugoslavia due to spreading pro-Macedonian concepts in Vardar Macedonia which it was trying to supress. The newspaper was also anti-fascist and was aganist Nazi Germany.

According to Pavel Šatev, one of the founders of the newspaper in one of its issues in october 1925 stated:Eventually the newspaper would begin to support the Comintern in 1934 after the Resolution of the Comintern on the Macedonian question which it helped in making, it also published the text in its own newspaper.

Spina bifida

In humans, spina bifida is a split in the vertebral column (the spine). It is a birth defect. During early pregnancy, the spine closes around the membranes in the spinal chord. This happens between the 22nd and the 28th day of pregnancy. With spina bifida, this doesn't fuilly happen. In Western Europe, spina bifida happens in about 1 in 1000 births; girls are affected slightly more often than boys.

It needs to be treated within the first few days after birth. Usually, the people affected are severely disabled. Taking folate before and during the pregnancy can reduce the risk of this birth defect.

Pseudophilautus folicola

The leaf-dwelling shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus folicola") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka.

Blue Snowman

The Blue Snowman is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character is a scientist who wears an armored mech suit to commit crimes, regularly battling Wonder Woman. Using a telescopic snow ray, they can create blue snow to paralyze their victims. They have been a member of the Ice Pack and Villainy Inc..

Blue Snowman was created by Joye Murchison and Harry G. Peter, first appearing in "Sensation Comics" #59. (1946)

Lushnjë

Lushnjë is a city in central Albania. It is in the Fier County. 83,659 people lived here at the 2011 census. It has a total area of . It has many schools.

In January 1920, Lushnjë was a temporary capital of Albania and the place of the Congress of Lushnjë.

Sam Altman

Samuel Harris Altman ( ; born April 22, 1985) is an American businessman and investor. He has been chief executive officer of OpenAI since 2019 (even though he was briefly fired in 2023) and president of Y Combinator from 2011 to 2019.

Altman was named one of the 100 most influential people in the world by "Time" magazine in 2023.

Carlos Sosa (footballer)

Carlos Adolfo "Lucho" Sosa (21 July 1919 – 2 March 2009) was an Argentine footballer who played as a midfielder. He spent most of his career in Boca Juniors, where he won six titles. With the Argentina national team he also won two Copa América. Sosa is considered one of the best right halves in the history of Argentine football, apart from being an emblematic player of Boca Juniors during the 1940s. Sosa was a skillful player with good ball control, which allowed him to advance to the rival goal in attacking positions. He also had a strong shot so he was in charge of the free kicks on the right side of the field. Despite his abilities, Argentina's coach, Guillermo Stábile, did not call him up for the national team. Some versions state that he considered Sosa "dribbled excessively", preferring more aggressive players for defensive positions, such as Norberto Yácono or Juan Carlos Fonda.

Sosa started his career with Atlanta, debuting in Primera División on 30 July 1939 v Chacarita Juniors. His initial position was left back. Sosa's good performances on the field sparkled interest in Boca Juniors, which finally acquired Sosa for $25,000 plus the transfers of players Vilana, Tenorio and Angeletti. Boca also gave Atlanta of a friendly match played in Ferro Carril Oeste stadium. His last match with Atlanta was on 22 December 1940 v Independiente, playing a total of 40 games with the club. He was part of a well-remembered "xeneize" team that went down in history for its good football skills and understanding among its members. That midfield was made up of the footballers Natalio Pescia and Ernesto Lazzatti. He was also a memorable partner for the remembered goalscorer Mario Boyé, as he assisted him very often. He said goodbye to the blue and gold jersey playing a total of 294 games and scoring 9 goals. In 1952 he emigrated to France where he played for Racing Paris and then Red Star until the end of his career.

Sosa made his international debut in 1942 for Argentina, he won the Copa América 1945 and he won the Copa América 1946, in total Sosa played 12 times for Argentina with no goals scored.

After retiring from football, he became manager, coaching Boca Juniors in 1960, but after matchday 10 of the championship in July – 4 wins, 5 draws, 1 defeat, 17–9 goals – he resigned because of the unsuccessful results. José D'Amico, who later coached the national team for several matches, followed him in the office. Sosa was also manager of San Telmo and Uruguayan club Racing Club de Montevideo.

He died on March 2, 2009 at the age of 90.
Boca Juniors

Argentina

Campbelltown City SC

Campbelltown City Soccer Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Campbelltown, a suburb of Adelaide. It plays in the National Premier Leagues South Australia (NPL SA). The club was founded by Italian Australians and has strong connections to Adelaide's Italian community.

North Eastern MetroStars SC

North Eastern MetroStars Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Klemzig, a suburb of Adelaide. It plays in the National Premier Leagues South Australia (NPL SA).

Goulburn Valley Suns FC

Goulburn Valley Suns Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Shepparton, a city in Victoria. It plays in the Victorian Premier League 2 (VPL 2).

Heidelberg United FC

Heidelberg United Alexander Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Heidelberg West, a suburb of Melbourne. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Victoria (NPL VIC).

The club has strong connections to Melbourne's Greek community, which is the largest outside Greece. The club was founded by Greek Australians, who originally called it Alexander the Great Melbourne Soccer Club, after Alexander the Great.

Melbourne Knights FC

Melbourne Knights Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Sunshine North, a suburb of Melbourne. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Victoria (NPL VIC). The club was founded by Croatian Australians and has strong connections to Melbourne's Croatian community.

Norberto Yácono

Norberto Yácono (also Iacono / 8 January 1919 – November 1985) was an Argentine footballer defender who won six Argentine league championships with CA River Plate. He was born in Buenos Aires. Yácono was a versatile defender: he played as a centre-back or as a right-back. He was particularly adept at playing the latter role, being appreciated for his confidence in playing the ball and his ability to mark, especially against opposing wingers. Its performance was remarkable. Yácono is widely regarded to be one of the best defenders of all time. He was nicknamed "Pacho" and "The Little Giant" by his fans because of being praised for his man-marking skills as his hallmark.

From an early age he was a fan of River Plate, of which he became a season ticket holder at the age of six; In 1933, through a friend of his father, he got an audition to enter the youth sector. He joined the first team in 1938, but he made his debut for the first team in 1939 on the day of Bernabé Ferreyra's retirement, against Newell's Old Boys. He soon established himself as a starting defender, partnering Aarón Wergifker, Ricardo Vaghi and Luis Antonio Ferreyra over the years. During the period of the so-called Máquina, he established himself as a mainstay of the defense, playing in the 2-3-5 formation. Later, with the adoption of the 3-2-5, he advanced in midfield line with José Ramos and Néstor Rossi, always carrying out defensive duties. La Máquina won four titles from 1941 to 1947, and once the winning streak ended he remained with the club until 1953, under the guidance of José Minella, obtaining two more championships in 1952 and '53. He then left the club from the red band (for which, with his 393 appearances, he is the fifth player in terms of number of games played) to move to Mexico, to América in Mexico City. In 1958 he left Central America for North America, playing first in Canada, with Montreal Cantalia and Canadian Alouettes, and later in the United States, where he was the first professional footballer.

He made his national debut on 25 May 1942, in Buenos Aires against Uruguay, in the Copa Lipton match. He took part in minor competitions, such as the Copa Nicanor R. Newton in 1942 and the Copa Juan R. Mignaburu. He was then called up to the 1947 Campeonato Sudamericano de Football, where he made his debut on 2 December in Guayaquil against Paraguay; In this match he was lined up as a starter, and played the full 90 minutes. In the competition, he was employed as a midfielder, remaining first choice in his position throughout the competition, in which he appeared in every game. In 1950 he competed in the Copa Rosa Chevalier Boutell, and in 1951 he played his last matches for Argentina, playing in two friendlies. 
In 1961, he was the head coach for Montreal Cantalia in the Eastern Canada Professional Soccer League. After retiring as a player in the early 1960s Yácono returned to Argentina where he worked as the manager of Sportivo Italiano, Lanús and Godoy Cruz. Later in his career he took up a position of youth team coach for River Plate.
After he immigrated to the US and lived in New Jersey, he was still very active with soccer and became the coach for Iberia Airlines of Spain in the New York Airlines Soccer League, which does not exist any more . That was in the early 70s. His knowledge and passion for soccer helped the team to win the championship in 1973. Through the efforts of Norberto Yacono, Iberia Airlines was able to incorporate in the team recently retired players from Argentina, such as Norberto Troilo and Guillermo Heredia. His son, "Pichi", also played for the team that winning year.

It is reported that for arranging the match between Kansas City Spurs and Brazil's Santos FC around their superstar Pelé during their tour of the US in 1968 he was bestowed the honorary citizenship of Kansas City.

Yácono died in November 1985 at the age of 66.





Northcote City FC

Northcote Knights Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Thornbury, a suburb of Melbourne about 1.1km from the suburb of Northcote. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Victoria 1 (NPL VIC 1). The club was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Melbourne's Greek community.

Oakleigh Cannons FC

Oakleigh Cannons Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Oakleigh, a suburb of Melbourne. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Victoria (NPL VIC). The club was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Melbourne's Greek community.

Floreat Athena FC

Floreat Athena Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Leederville, a suburb of Perth. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Western Australia (NPL WA). It was founded by Greek Australians and has strong connections to Perth's Greek community.

Inglewood United FC

Inglewood United Football Club is an Australian semi-professional soccer club based in Inglewood, a suburb of Perth. It plays in the National Premier Leagues Western Australia (NPL WA).

Buying Beverly Hills

Buying Beverly Hills is an American reality television series which was released on Netflix on November 4, 2022. The series focuses on Mauricio Umansky and his teams at The Agency RE, his global boutique real estate brokerage, based in Beverly Hills, California.

"Buying Beverly Hills" was first announced as "the new real estate occu-soap" in a press release by Netflix on June 23, 2022.

The series focuses on Mauricio Umansky and his agents, along with the clients at The Agency RE, Umansky's global boutique real estate brokerage, based in Beverly Hills, California.

The official trailer for the debut season was released on October 7, 2022. ITV America, Just Entertainment, Wheelhouse Entertainment and Spoke Studios served as the production companies.

The first season was released on Netflix on November 4, 2022. The original cast consisted of Umansky, Farrah Brittany, Alexia Umansky, Santiago Arana, Ben Belack, Joey Ben-Zvi, Jon Grauman, Brandon Graves, Allie Lutz Rosenberger, Melissa Platt, and Sonika Vaid.

On April 10, 2023, it was announced that the series had been renewed for a second season. 

The second season is set to be released on March 22, 2024. Kyle Richards, Sophia Umansky and Portia Umansky make appearances throughout the season.


Never Let Me Down Again

Never Let Me Down Again is a 1987 song by British band Depeche Mode and is the second single from their sixth studio album "Music for the Masses". It went to number 22 in the United Kingdom, number 63 in the United States, number 1 in Denmark, number 7 in Switzerland and Sweden, number 12 in Ireland, number 5 in South Africa and Finland, number 82 in Australia and number 2 in Germany.

All songs written by Martin Gore.

7": Mute / Bong14 (UK)

12": Mute / 12Bong14 (UK)

12": Mute / L12Bong14 (UK)

Cassette: Mute / CBong14 (UK)

CD: Mute / CDBong14 (UK)


CD: Mute / CDBong14 (UK)


José Almanzor

José Almanzor (born 28 December 1929) is a Mexican archer. Almanzor competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Luis Álvarez

Luis Antonio Álvarez Murillo (born 13 April 1991) is a Mexican archer. Álvarez competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Mongul

Mongul is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is an alien world-conqueror and the leader of Warworld. His brutal and merciless nature make him an enemy to Superman and a threat to the larger universe. His specialty is using the Black Mercy plants to incapacitate his opponents. Eventually he was murdered by Neron during "Underworld Unleashed". His son is the second Mongul, who follows in his father's footsteps and later joins the Sinestro Corps. His daughter Mongal became the queen of Almerac until she was murdered by her brother.

"Mongul" was created by Len Wein and Jim Starlin, first appearing in "DC Comics Presents" #27 (1980).

Debuting in the Bronze Age of Comic Books, Mongul has been featured in other DC Comics-endorsed products such as animated series, video games, a direct-to-DVD movie, and merchandise such as action figures and trading cards.

Warworld

Warworld is a fictional planet appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. It is an artificial planet created by the Warzoons that is ruled by Mongul, his son and Mongal.

Chuck Taylor (wrestler)

Dustin Lee Howard (born April 22, 1986) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Chuck Taylor. He was given the name by his trainers because of him always wearing Chuck Taylor All-Stars shoes during training.

He has also spent time wrestling in Chikara, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Evolve, Dragon Gate USA, Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), Ring of Honor (ROH), and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW).

On February 7, 2019, Taylor and Trent Beretta both announced that they had signed contracts with All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

At Double or Nothing, Taylor would make his in-ring AEW debut. He would team with his Best Friends teammate Trent Beretta and they would defeat the team of The Hybrid2 (Angélico and Jack Evans).

Best Friends would compete in a tournament to determine who would become the very first AEW World Tag Team Champions. They would compete for a bye in the first round at All Out but lost to The Dark Order (Evil Uno and Stu Grayson). They would still compete in the tournament but would lose in the first round to eventual champions SoCal Uncensored (Frankie Kazarian and Scorpio Sky) on the October 16 episode of "Dynamite". On the November 20 episode of "Dynamite", Taylor would compete in the 2019 Dynamite Diamond Ring Battle Royal but the match would be won by "Hangman" Adam Page and MJF.

At Bash at the Beach, Best Friends would compete in a four-way number one contender match against The Elite (Adam Page and Kenny Omega), The Young Bucks (Matt Jackson and Nick Jackson), and The Inner Circle (Santana and Ortiz). The match would be won by The Elite. They would win a title shot and challenge Page and Omega for the titles on Night 1 of Fyter Fest but lost.

At All Out, Taylor would enter a 21-man Casino Battle Royale for a AEW World Championship match in the future but the match would be won by Lance Archer.

On the November 6 episode of "Dark", Taylor would get his first singles victory in AEW when he defeated Lee Johnson.

At Double or Nothing, Taylor competed in a 21-man Blackjack Battle Royal for the AEW International Championship but it was won by Orange Cassidy.

If I Can Dream

If I Can Dream is a 1968 song by Elvis Presley and was taken from the 1968 "Elvis" comeback special. It went to number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 12 in the United States, number 13 in Italy and Ireland, number 6 in Canada, number 2 in Australia, number 9 in New Zealand and number 7 in South Africa. It was covered by Barry Manilow in 1990 and went to number 81 in the United Kingdom.

USL Championship

The USL Championship (also known as USLC) is a professional soccer league for men in the United States. It started in 2011 and is is the second-best level of professional soccer in the country, just below Major League Soccer.

The league is managed by the United Soccer League, and their main office is in Tampa, Florida. The USL Championship was created by combining two smaller leagues, USL First Division (USL-1) and USL Second Division (USL-2), after the 2010 season.

This combination happened because neither USL-1 nor the North American Soccer League (NASL) were officially recognized as Division II leagues by the United States Soccer Federation (USSF). They had to play in a temporary league called USSF Division 2 Pro League for a while. The goal of putting these leagues together was to make the overall soccer situation better in the United States. They thought it would make soccer more stable and popular.

These teams below played in the USL Championships during the 2023 season.

Notes

‡ Puerto Rico clubs Puerto Rico United, River Plate Puerto Rico, and Sevilla Puerto Rico began play in the league, but in May 2011 United Soccer Leagues announced that the teams would not finish the season due to financial difficulties.


Castelnovo di Sotto

Castelnovo di Sotto is a "comune" in the Province of Reggio Emilia in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Modigliana

Modigliana is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Farrah Brittany

Farrah Brittany Aldjufrie (born October 31, 1988) is an American real estate agent and television personality. She has appeared as a main cast member on the Netflix reality television series "Buying Beverly Hills" since 2022. She is the eldest daughter of actress Kyle Richards.

Farrah Brittany Aldjufrie was born in Los Angeles, California on October 31, 1988. She is the only child of Guraish Aldjufrie, a real-estate tycoon, and Kyle Richards, an actress. She has three younger half-sisters; Alexia Umansky, Sophia Umansky and Portia Umansky; Portia is also her goddaughter. Mauricio Umansky has been her stepfather since she was five years old.

Farrah graduated from New York University with her associate's degree in Liberal Studies. She later graduated Magna Cum Laude from the University of Southern California with her Bachelor of Science degree in psychology, minoring in business.

Farrah's cousins through her aunt Kim Richards are Brooke Brinson, Whitney Davis, Chad Davis, and Kimberly Jackson. She is also related to the Hilton family, through her aunt Kathy Hilton's marriage to uncle Richard Hilton; her cousins are Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton, Barron Hilton II, and Conrad Hilton III. Her maternal grandparents were Ken Richards, a retired lieutenant colonel, and Kathleen Richards, a casting director.

Farrah made her television debut in October 2010, on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills".

Farrah has worked as a real estate agent at The Agency RE, a global boutique real estate brokerage, based in Beverly Hills, California, which was co-founded by her stepfather Mauricio Umansky, since 2011. She serves as the Director of Client Relations. She is currently a senior agent. Brittany was ranked #66 on the "Los Angeles Business Journal"'s 500 most influential people of 2018.

Farrah has appeared as a main cast member on the Netflix reality television series "Buying Beverly Hills" since November 4, 2022. The series focuses on Brittany and the team, along with the clients at The Agency RE.

Farrah has been in a relationship with Alex Manos, the owner and President of Beverly Hills Car Club, since 2018. The couple announced their engagement on November 28, 2021.

Farrah resides in Los Angeles, California with her fiancée. She also owns her own home.

Alexia Umansky

Alexia Simone Umansky (born June 18, 1996) is an American real estate agent and television personality. She is best known as the eldest daughter of Kyle Richards and Mauricio Umansky, and for appearing as a main cast member on the Netflix reality television series "Buying Beverly Hills" since 2022.

Alexia Simone Umansky was born in Los Angeles, California on June 18, 1996, as the eldest of three daughters to Kyle Richards, an actress, and Mauricio Umansky, a real estate broker. She has two sisters; Sophia Umansky and Portia Umansky, and an older maternal half-sister Farrah Brittany. She is Jewish.

Umansky attended Milken Community School from 2008 to 2014. She attended the University of Arizona, before transferring to Emerson College. She graduated in 2018, with her bachelor's degree in marketing communications.

Umansky's cousins through her aunt Kim Richards are Brooke Brinson, Whitney Davis, Chad Davis, and Kimberly Jackson. She is also related to the Hilton family, through her aunt Kathy Hilton's marriage to uncle Richard Hilton; her cousins are Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton, Barron Hilton II, and Conrad Hilton III. Her maternal grandparents were Ken Richards, a retired lieutenant colonel, and Kathleen Richards, a casting director. Her paternal grandparents are Eduardo Umansky, a clothing manufacturer, and Estella Sneider, a psychologist.

Umansky made her television debut in October 2010, on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills".

Umansky has worked as a real estate agent at The Agency RE, a global boutique real estate brokerage, based in Beverly Hills, California, which was co-founded by her father Mauricio Umansky, since 2018. She is currently a junior agent.

Umansky has appeared as a main cast member on the Netflix reality television series "Buying Beverly Hills" since November 4, 2022. The series focuses on Umansky and the team, along with the clients at The Agency RE.

Umansky has been in a relationship with Jake Zingerman since November 2019.

Umansky resides in Encino, Los Angeles with her parents and sisters.

Shakhtinsk

Shakhtinsk (, ) is a city in the Karaganda Region of Kazakhstan. Located between the Sherubay-Nura and Tentek rivers, 50 km west of Karaganda, the administrative center of the region. As of 2023, the city's population was 39,185, and the urban area's population was 58,451.

The city was originally called "Tentek" (). It started as a workers' settlement in 1955. The reason for this was that coal coke was found nearby.

On January 1, 1959, 700 people lived here. The city's population grew because of the workers coming from the RSFSR, Ukrainian SSR and Byelorussian SSR.

The city's largest population was in 1989. At that time, 96,654 people lived in the city.

Between 1989 and 1999, the population of the city decreased by 41800 people. This happened not only in Shakhtinsk, but also in other cities. Factories began to close in small industrial cities. Because of this, there was no work in the city.

Nationalities including the population of the urban area (as of the beginning of 2021):

First Howling: Now

First Howling: Now is the first studio album by the Japanese band &TEAM. It was released on 15 November 2023 by Hybe Labels Japan, five months after the release of their second mini-album "First Howling: We" (2023).

"First Howling: Now" contains 18 tracks, whereby this album contains six new songs, ten songs that have been released through previous mini-albums and two songs from the reality television show, "&Audition – The Howling –". Recorded in Japanese and Korean languages, the track "War Cry" served as the album's title track.


Tredozio

Tredozio is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Vicente de la Mata

Vicente de la Mata (January 15, 1918 – August 4, 1980) was an Argentine football forward and manager. He played most of his club career for Independiente and played for the Argentina national team between 1937 and 1946. De la Mata was a versatile player, purely devoted to attacking play. During his career, he played a variety of roles, including centre-forward and midfielder, both in the centre and on both flanks: The one in which he was most often employed was as a striker. Among de la Mata's characteristics, the one that stood out the most was his dribbling ability, for which he became particularly famous at the time: in addition to this innate ability, he was gifted with technique and a refined vision of the game, which allowed him to implement an elegant game. During his time at Independiente, he also excelled in his scoring skills, which led him to score 151 goals; he was part of an attacking trio with Arsenio Erico and Antonio Sastre, who scored a total of 556 goals in official matches. Widely considered as one of the greatest Argentinian football players of his generation. He is regarded one of the greatest idols of the Club Atlético Independiente de Avellaneda, along with Antonio Sastre and Arsenio Erico, he was part of the attacking tridents with which the club won the Argentine championships of 1938 and 1939.

Born in the Province of Santa Fe, he began playing football in the youth sector of Central Córdoba, where he was trained: in fact, he passed through all the divisions, until he reached the first team. Alongside Gabino Sosa, a former member of the Argentine national team, de la Mata improved his skills and was noticed by Independiente, who bought him in 1937 for the sum — considered very high — of 27,500 pesos. Upon his arrival at Avellaneda, the coach deployed him in the central attacking trio in the 2-3-5 alongside Erico and Sastre: with these two, de la Mata formed a very prolific attack, capable of scoring 218 goals in two championships (1938 and 1939). He made his debut on the first day of the 1937 championship. In 1938 he won the first championship, scoring 26 times. On October 12, 1939, against River Plate, he scored a goal considered by many to be one of the most beautiful goals scored in Argentina. In the league, he scored 38 more goals, setting his own personal best. In 1948, despite scoring only two goals, he helped Independiente win their third title. In the city derby against Racing, de la Mata became the second-highest scorer ever: 10 goals in 14 seasons, behind Paraguayan Erico's 19 goals. The Rosario striker decided to leave the club with the red jersey to play for Newell's Old Boys, a team of his city and of which he was a fan. He made his debut on Sunday 15 April 1951 at the Cilindro di Avellaneda, in a 1–1 draw with Racing; a week later he took the field at the Parque de la Independencia for the first home game with the new jersey. De la Mata was employed as a right-sided midfielder, supporting centre-forward Focchi. The goal of 12 Octobera against River Plate at the Monumental in Núñez de la Mata he scored a goal similar to the Goal of the Century. He received the ball from goalkeeper Fernando Bello and discarded Moreno, Minella, Moreno again, Wergifker, Santamaría and Cuello in order; stopped the ball, faked the pass to Erico and, seeing Sirni coming out, decided to shoot at goal, eluding the goalkeeper. Despite the fact that the shooting angle was very small, the ball hit the post and went into the net. This goal gave rise to the nickname Capote. After going scoreless in the 1951 tournament, he scored his first and only goal for Newell's on 12 June 1952, a Thursday, scoring in the 22nd minute of the second half in a 2–1 win over Boca Juniors at the Parque de la Independencia. In 1953 he returned to play for Central Córdoba in the Primera B Nacional, with the aim of retiring with that team. In 1955 he ended his playing career.

He made his national debut on 1 February 1937, during the final of the 1937 Campeonato Sudamericano de Football between Argentina and rivals Brazil. On 30 January, the tournament was supposed to end, but as the two national teams were tied in first place, a play-off had to be played: the venue was the Estadio Gasómetro. The game remained deadlocked in both regular halves; de la Mata came on in the 84th minute, replacing Francisco Varallo. This substitution proved decisive, when, in the 109th minute, the Independiente player scored, repeating the feat three minutes later, thus sealing the 2-0 win and the victory of the trophy by his team. Following this, he was named the best player of the event. In 1945 de la Mata was again called up to the national team to play in the South American Championship, which was held in Santiago, Chile. He took the field for the first time against Bolivia, starting as a midfielder: he scored the final goal in the 4th minute, and was replaced by Farro six minutes later. The next match was against Ecuador, and once again de la Mata started from the start, scoring to make it 2–0 in the 2nd minute: he then left the field in favor of Méndez. On the 5th February against Colombia he was rested, as well as against Chile four days later; he was used again against Brazil, as a substitute for Méndez, whom he brought on in the 8th minute. The last match against Uruguay did not see him on the field, but the victory of the Argentine national team still allowed him to win the second consecutive trophy. In 1946 he was chosen to join the team for South American Buenos Aires. He made his debut with the opening goal of the competition, in the 19th minute of Argentina-Paraguay; once again, there was the dualism with Méndez, who replaced him in the 9th. He was ruled out of Argentina-Bolivia on 6 January and the match against Chile on 9 January: he returned to action on 19 February against Uruguay. On 2 February, he was selected as a starter for the match against Brazil, but was sent off, along with the green-and-gold striker Chico, in the 9th minute: this sanction also caused the suspension of the match, which was resumed 10 minutes later.

De La Mata went on to become a football manager, he had spells in charge of Independiente, Deportivo Morón, Dock Sud and Central Córdoba.





Raju Shrestha

Fahim Ajani or Raju Shrestha [born 15 August 1966], initially credited as Master Raju or Master Rajoo, is an Indian film and television actor, who started his film career as a child actor, in the 1970s.

Raju has acted in films like Gulzar's "Parichay", Hrishikesh Mukherjee's "Bawarchi" (1972), Yash Chopra's "Daag: A Poem of Love" (1973), Basu Chatterjee's "Chitchor" (1976) and Gulzar's "Kitaab" (1977).

 

Bagno di Romagna

Bagno di Romagna is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Bagno di Romagna is twinned with:

Neerav Patel

Neerav Patel (2 December 1950 – 15 May 2019) was a Gujarati and English language poet, translator and editor; primarily known for his contribution in Gujarati Dalit literature such as "Burning From Both The Ends" (1980, English poems), 

He received the Mahendra Bhagat Prize (2004–2005) from Gujarati Sahitya Parishad, and the Sant Kabir Dalit Sahitya Award (2005) from the Government of Gujarat.


Sancho IV of Castile

Sancho IV (12 May 1258 - 25 April 1295) nicknamed the Brave () was the King of Castile and León from 1284 until his death in 1295. He was considered one of Castile's greatest kings because of his braveness. He succeeded his father, King Alfonso X in 1284. After Sancho became king, he put down a rebellion led by his nephew, Alfonso, the son of Sancho's older brother, Ferdinand. Like his predecessors, Sancho actively fought in the Reconquista and conquered some lands from the Moors.

On 21 April 1295, Sancho succumbed to Tuberculosis where he died four days later on 25 April 1295 at the age of 37. He was succeeded by his 10-year old son, Ferdinand IV with his wife, Queen María de Molina serving as regent for the boy king.

Moutiers, Meurthe-et-Moselle

Moutiers is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeast France.

V. K. Ahuja

V. K. Ahuja is a senior professor at the Faculty of Law, University of Delhi, India and is presently serving as the Vice-Chancellor of National Law University and Judicial Academy, Assam (NLUJAA), India.

Borghi

Borghi is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Jhony Galli

Jhony Moisés Galli Moreira (born 19 March 1990) is a Uruguayan footballer who plays as a midfielder for Deportivo Municipal in the Peru Peruvian Primera División.

Castrocaro Terme e Terra del Sole

Castrocaro Terme e Terra del Sole is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy. The "comune" has three small towns: Castrocaro, Pieve Salutare and Terra del Sole.

Castrocaro is a famous spa town.

Varsha Bhosle

Varsha Bhosle (1956 – 8 October 2012) was an Indian singer, columnist and writer based in Mumbai. She was the daughter of the playback singer Asha Bhosle. On 8 October 2012, Bhosle did suicide at her home in Mumbai. Mumbai Police said she has shot herself with a licensed gun.

Civitella di Romagna

Civitella di Romagna is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Dovadola

Dovadola is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Forlimpopoli

Forlimpopoli is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Galeata

Galeata is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Gambettola

Gambettola is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Gatteo

Gatteo is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Longiano

Longiano is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.


Meldola

Meldola is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Nitish Mishra

Nitish Mishra (born 9 July 1973) is an Indian politician hailing from eastern Indian state of Bihar, India. He represented Jhanjharpur assembly constituency in Madhubani district in 13th, 14th and 15th Bihar Legislative Assembly. Presently, he is member of 17th Bihar Legislative Assembly from Jhanjharpur and also Vice President, BJP - Bihar.

Mercato Saraceno

Mercato Saraceno is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Nation Ford High School

Nation Ford High School (NFHS) is a public high school in Fort Mill, South Carolina. It is part of the York County School District 4. It takes its name from the historic Nation Ford Road.


Montiano

Montiano is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Portico e San Benedetto

Portico e San Benedetto is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Premilcuore

Premilcuore is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

WAGR S class (diesel)

The WAGR S class were a total of 11 diesel-electric locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (trading as Westrail) from 1998 to 2000.

The S class were built by Clyde Engineering at Forrestfield for mineral traffic in the southwest of Western Australia. In late 2000 all were sold off along with Westrail to the Australian Railroad Group (ARG). All remain in service with Aurizon.

Harshad Chopda

Harshad Chopda (born 17 May 1983) is an Indian television actor known for his portrayal of Captain Aditya Hooda in "Bepannaah" and Dr. Abhimanyu Birla in "Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai".


Pseudophilautus zorro

The Gannoruwa shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus zorro") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it near Kandy and in the Knuckles Forest Reserve, 500-800 meters above sea level. 

The adult male frog is 19-23 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 22-30 mm. The skin of the frog's back is brown in color, and its belly has dark brown color on it. The frogs in this species can look different from each other. They can be light brown, pale, green, or yellow. Scientists say this is to make the frog harder to see. 

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists think this is because human beings build things in places where the frog lives and because of chemicals meant to kill pests and meant to make plants grow.

Predappio

Predappio is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy. The town is the birthplace and resting place of Benito Mussolini, dictator of Italy from 1922 to 1943.

Predappio is twinned with:

Breuna

Breuna is a municipality in Kassel in Hesse, Germany. It is 24 km northwest of Kassel.

Breuna is twinned with:


Rocca San Casciano

Rocca San Casciano is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Roncofreddo

Roncofreddo is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

San Mauro Pascoli

San Mauro Pascoli is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Santa Sofia, Emilia–Romagna

Santa Sofia is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Sarsina

Sarsina is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Savignano sul Rubicone

Savignano sul Rubicone is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Savignano sul Rubicone is twinned with:

Sogliano al Rubicone

Sogliano al Rubicone is a "comune" in the Province of Forlì-Cesena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Sogliano al Rubicone is twinned with:

Saran

Saran (; ) is a city in the Karaganda Region of Kazakhstan. It is located 15 kilometers from Karaganda, the center of the region. There are 34,636 people living in the city, and 43,816 people living in the urban area.

In 1939, a village of geologists appeared on the place of the city. Geologists found coal in the area of the future city. Coal mining began during the Second World War. Along with coal mining, the village of Saran started to grow.

On December 20, 1954, Saran received city status.

Private Eye

Private Eye is a British fortnightly satirical and current affairs news magazine. It started in 1961. It is published in London and has been edited by Ian Hislop since 1986. It is well known for its prominent criticism and lampooning of public figures. It is also has a lot of investigative journalism into under-reported scandals and cover-ups.

It is Britain's best-selling current affairs magazine. Many of its long-running jokes have entered popular culture in the United Kingdom. It regularly published satirical pages under the title "Mrs Wilson's diary" in the 1960s when Mrs Wilson was living in Downing Street with Harold Wilson, the Prime Minister. It was in the style of the BBC radio serial "Mrs Dale's Diary." In 1969 it was made into a movie. "Nooks and Corners" an architectural column, is severely critical of architectural vandalism and "barbarism". It was originally founded by John Betjeman in 1971. "Pseuds Corner" is one of the longest running columns with pretentious quotations from all sorts of media.

It recorded its highest-ever circulation in the second half of 2016. It is privately owned and highly profitable.

With a "deeply conservative resistance to change", it is only available printed on cheap paper, not online. It looks more like a comic rather than a serious magazine. Both its satire and investigative journalism have led to numerous libel suits. The cover of the tenth anniversary issue in 1971 (number 257) showed a cartoon headstone inscribed with an extensive list of well-known names, and the epitaph: "They did not sue in vain".

it often carries news that the mainstream press will not print for fear of law suits or because the material is of minority interest. It is known for the use of pseudonyms by the writers many of whom have been prominent in public life – this even extends to a fictional proprietor, Lord Gnome. 

Sayda

Sayda is a town in Mittelsachsen in Saxony, Germany. It is 24 km south of Freiberg, and 28 km north of Chomutov.

Sayda is twinned with:

Civil disorder

Civil unrest is when groups of people no longer obey the state order, and become violent. Civil unrest usually starts for a reason. Civil unrest can start because of social or economic problems. Very often, civil unrest is the result of one group of people oppressing another group of people.

Meziboří

Meziboří () is a town in Most District in the Ústí nad Labem Region of the Czech Republic.

Meziboří is twinned with:


1998 Westside Middle School shooting

On March 24, 1998, at 12:40 pm, a mass shooting occurred at Westside Middle School in Jonesboro, Arkansas, United States. At least 5 people were killed and many others injured.

The shooters were later identified by police as 13-year-old Mitchell Johnson and 11-year-old Andrew Golden, who were students from the school.

Eric Smith (murderer)

Eric M. Smith (January 22, 1980) is an American murderer who, at the age of thirteen, murdered a 4-year-old boy named Derrick Robie in Steuben County, New York, on August 2, 1993. 

Smith was tried as an adult, making him the youngest murder defendant tried as an adult in New York state history. 

Smith was charged and convicted on August 1994 and sentenced to 9 years to life in prison.

Smith was denied parole 10 times between 2002 and January 2020. He had also apologized to Derrick's family in multiple interviews, he had also explained that he had been abused by his stepfather, Ted and bullied by his classmates and that he took his anger out on Derrick because of it. Smith was granted parole on October 2021, after 27 years of incarceration. He was released on February 1, 2022.


Baler, Aurora

Baler is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Aurora. According to the 2020 census, 43,785 people lived there.

Hostile architecture

Hostile architecture is an idea from Urban design architecture should be used to guide people towards wanted behaviour. The opposite can also be true: Design in such a way that certain unwanted behaviour becomes uncomfortable, or is not possible at all any more. Hostile architecture often targets people who use public spaces more than others: Young people, poor people or homeless people. It does this by restricting the physical behaviours they can engage in.

Other names for the concept are defensive architecture, hostile design, unpleasant design, exclusionary design, and defensive urban design. The term hostile architecture is often associated with items like "anti-homeless spikes". These are studs in flat surfaces to make sleeping on them uncomfortable and impractical. This form of architecture is most common in densely populated and urban areas. Other measures include sloped window sills to stop people sitting; benches with armrests positioned to stop people lying on them; water sprinklers that spray from time to time; and public trash bins with inconveniently small mouths to prevent the insertion of bulky wastes. Hostile architecture is also used against skateboarding, BMXing, inline skating, littering, loitering, public urination, and trespassing, and as a form of pest control.

The term "hostile architecture" is quite new. This is not the case for the use of civil engineering to achieve social engineering: Examples are urine deflectors, desgned in the 19th century, or urban planning in the United States that takes the idea of racial segregation into account. American urban planner Robert Moses designed a stretch of Long Island Southern State Parkway with low stone bridges so that buses could not pass under them. This made it more difficult for people who relied on public transportation, mainly African Americans, to visit the beach that wealthier car-owners could visit. Outside of the United States, public space design change for the purpose of social control also has historic precedent: the narrow streets of 19th century Paris, France were made wider for the purpose of allowing the military easier ability to stop protests.

In its modern form, the design philiophy crime prevention through environmental design, or CPTED, influenced it. This philisophy uses three strategies to prevent crime, and protect property: Natural surveillance, natural acess cotrol, and territorial enforcement. Excusionary design is becoming more common, especially in large cities, such as Stockholm. 

Such guidelines have often been implemented, starting in the 1970s. As of 2004, most implementations of CPTED rely on the idea that if the built environment was properly designed, and used effectively, this could reduce crime, and the fear of crime. With this, the quality of life would be improved. When CPTED is implemented, the environment where the crimes would occur is changed, so that committing the crimes becomes more difficult. 

The six main concepts according to Moffat are territoriality, surveillance, access control, image/maintenance, activity support and target hardening. Applying all of these strategies is key when trying to prevent crime in any neighborhood, crime-ridden or not.

Beyond CPTED, scholarly research has also found that modern capitalist cities have a vested interest in eliminating signs of homelessness, fearing that it might discourage investment from wealthier people. In England, much of their hostile architecture has been attributed to a desire by the government to fight an anti-social street scene, taking the form of begging and street drinking.

Behzad Ghaedi

Behzad Ghaedi (born 17 October 1956) is an Iranian boxer. He competed in the men's featherweight event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Parviz Bahmani

Parviz Bahmani (born 5 May 1956) is an Iranian boxer. He competed in the men's lightweight event at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Arrow Films

Arrow Films is a British independent film distributor and restorer specialising in world cinema, arthouse, horror and classic films. As Arrow Video, it sells Ultra HD Blu-rays, Blu-rays and DVDs online; it also operates its own subscription video on-demand service, Arrow Player. Since 2017 Arrow have had a dedicated podcast hosted by film-makers Sam Ashurst and Dan Martin. Arrow Video is considered a boutique Blu-ray label.

Crossodactylus dantei

The Murici spinythumb frog ("Crossodactylus dantei") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Murici, in Alagoas.

Crossodactylus caramaschii

Crossodactylus caramaschii is a frog. It lives in southeastern Brazil in São Paulo, Santa Catarina, and Paraná.

James Flower

James Flower or Jim Flower may refer to:

Richardson family murders

Three members of the Richardson family were murdered in Medicine Hat, Alberta in April 2006. The murders were committed by the family's 12-year-old daughter Jasmine and her 23-year-old boyfriend Jeremy Steinke.

List of football matches of the Austrian national football team by venue

This is a list of matches of the Austrian national football team on different venues.




Tadashi Nishimoto

Tadashi Nishimoto (1921 - 1997) was a Japanese cinematographer. He is known as Hong Kong cinematographer He Lanshan.

Dan Inosanto

Dan Inosanto (born July 24, 1936) is an American martial arts instructor. Inosanto is an authority on Jeet Kune Do, Filipino Martial Arts, and Pencak Silat.

Inosanto is credited for training martial arts to a number of Hollywood actors including Bruce Lee (as "student" and "teacher"), Chuck Norris and others. He is known for his work in various Hong Kong martial arts films such as "Bruce Lee's" "The Game of Death" (1972) as ""3rd Floor Guardian of the Tiger Hall"" and "Robert Clouse's" "Game of Death" (1978) as ""Pasqual"".

Hwang In-shik

Hwang In-shik (born September 13, 1940) is a Korean actor and hapkido teacher. He is known for his work in various Hong Kong martial arts films such as Bruce Lee's "Way of the Dragon" and "The Game of Death", Jackie Chan's "The Young Master" and Angela Mao's "Hapkido". He was awarded a 10th degree black belt, the highest rank possible in the art, by the World Hapkido Association.



Bailey Junior Kurariki

Bailey Junior Kurakiki (born May 15, 1989) is the youngest convicted killer in New Zealand history, being 12 years old at the time of his conviction.

On September 12, 2001, Kurakiki and other seven of his friends killed a pizza delivery man named Michael Choy. He was convicted of manslaughter.

Ji Han-jae

Ji Han-jae (; Chi Hon-tsoi) is a South Korean hapkido instructor known as the founder of Sin Moo Hapkido. He appeared in the 1972 film "The Game of Death" starring Bruce Lee.

Lanao del Sur

Lanao del Sur is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (BARMM). The capital is the city of Marawi.

James Tien

James Tien (born 28 May 1942) is a Hong Kong retired actor. He appeared in almost 70 films, primarily in Hong Kong action cinema, including roles in the films of martial arts stars including Bruce Lee, Jackie Chan and Sammo Hung. He often played villains or supporting roles. He retired from the Hong Kong film industry in 1996.

Marawi

Marawi is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Lanao del Sur. According to the 2020 census, 207,010 people lived there.

Marawi is on the northern shore of Lake Lanao.

Chieh Yuan

Chieh Yuan (15 March 1945 – 16 November 1977) was an actor and martial artist. He was an actor for Shaw Brothers and in 1972, he was cast in Bruce Lee's "The Game of Death". Chieh died in 1977 from cerebral edema, the same cause to Bruce Lee's death, and at age 32, the same age at which Bruce Lee had died.

Tawi-Tawi

Tawi-Tawi is an island province in the Philippines. It is in the Bangsamoro Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (BARMM). The capital is Bongao.

Bongao

Bongao is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Tawi-Tawi. According to the 2020 census, 116,118 people lived there.

Cleveland Browns Stadium

Cleveland Browns Stadium is an American football stadium located in Cleveland, Ohio that serves as the home for the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League (NFL). 

They first started to build the stadium on May 15, 1997. The Browns first started playing in the stadium on September 12, 1999. In their first game, they were defeated by the Pittsburgh Steelers 43–0.

The stadium at first didn't have a sponsor and was named Cleveland Browns Stadium after the team. The stadium would keep this name until 2013. On January 14, 2013, sponsorship naming rights were sold to FirstEnergy Corporation and the stadium was renamed FirstEnergy Stadium. The name of the stadium lasted until April 13, 2023 when both the Browns and the stadium decided to mutually terminate the naming rights deal. The termination came after First energy's involvement in the Ohio nuclear bribery scandal and a resolution being passed by Cleveland City Council that would try and force the naming rights to be given up by FirstEnergy. After the name was taken away, the stadium decided to return to its old name and become Cleveland Browns Stadium again.

There is a section in the eastern section of seating called The Dawg Pound. It is a successor to the former Dawg Pound that was in the old Cleveland Stadium. The stadium also has the nickname "Factory of Sadness" which was coined by Mike Polk.

Iba, Zambales

Iba is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Zambales. According to the 2020 census, 55,581 people lived there.

Balanga, Bataan

Balanga is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Bataan. According to the 2020 census, 104,173 people lived there.

Concord Records

Concord Records is a well-known jazz music record label established in 1995 in Los Angeles, California by Carl Jefferson, who also started the Concord Jazz Festival. The label releases a large number of live recordings from festivals and other venues.

Concord includes a family of specialty labels, including Concord Picante for Latin jazz and Concord Concerto for classical music. Artists who have recorded for Concord include (extremely partial list):

FedExField

FedExField is an American football stadium located in Landover, Maryland that serves as the home for the Washington Commanders of the National Football League (NFL). 

They first started to build the stadium on March 13, 1996. The then-Washington Redskins first started playing in the stadium on September 14, 1997. In their first game, they defeated the Arizona Cardinals 19–13 in overtime.

The stadium at first didn't have a sponsor and was named Jack Kent Cooke Stadium after Jack Kent Cooke, the team's owner who had recently died before the stadium opened. The stadium would keep this name until 1999. On November 21, 1999, sponsorship naming rights were sold to FedEx in a $205 million, 27-year agreement and the stadium was renamed FedExField. On July 2, 2020, FedEx sent a letter to team owner Dan Snyder and the Redskins. In the letter, they demanded that the team change its name from the offensive Redskins name or they would be pulling their sponsorship of the team and from the stadium after the 2020 NFL season. The team would drop the Redskins name on July 13, 2020.

The stadium has recieved a large amount of criticism. The expensive price of concessions and the neglected conditions of the stadium are common complaints. In a 2020 USA Today poll of best stadiums in the NFL, FedExField was ranked in last place. After a game between the Washington Football Team and Philadelphia Eagles, fans fell over a barrier that collapsed while trying to greet Eagles quarterback Jalen Hurts. Fans that were there said that only Hurts asked if they were okay and that the stadium staff didn't care, telling them to ”get the fuck off the field”. Jalen Hurts would write a open letter to the team and the NFL, asking that something be done to protect the safety of fans and players and to stop an event like that happening again in the future.

1996 Frontier Middle School shooting

The Frontier Middle School shooting was a school shooting that occurred on February 2, 1996, at Frontier Middle School in Moses Lake, Washington, United States.

The shooting was perpetrated by 14-year-old student Barry Loukaitis.

Enrique García (Argentine footballer)

Enrique García (20 November 1912 – 23 August 1969) was an Argentine footballer. García is regarded as one of Racing's greatest idols, even though he has won two titles at the club. He is even considered one of the greatest left wingers in Argentine football. He joined the Avellaneda team in 1936, for about 39,1 pesos, after emerging at Rosario Central. At Racing, he would play until 1944, scoring 78 times in 233 matches. His skill would inspire several nicknames: "Left-Handed Poet", "The Magician", "The Unstoppable", "Sarmiento of Football", but he was better known as El Chueco - "The Crooked", due to the way he walked and "El Poeta de la Zurda" ("the poet of the left leg", due to his skills for football). Due to his extraordinary dribbling ability, García became an idol of Racing Club, being acclaimed even by his rivals. He also had a successful run on the Argentina national team, winning the Copa América on two occasions in 1937 and 1941 and became runner-up in 1942. Out of García's 78 goals scored in his career, only two were scored with his right leg.

Born in Santa Fe, García started playing football for the local club Las Rosas. At the same time, he was an altar boy in the local church, and the local priest expected García to become a priest. In 1929 he joined Brown Santa Fe, from where he was sold to Gimnasia y Esgrima Santa Fe in 1931, although he would have preferred to be with Unión Santa Fe.

In 1933, García became a player of the club Rosario Central, where, according to his contemporaries, he co-created the best provincial attack in the world: Cegnotti-Gómez-Guzmán-Porto-García. In 1936, he moved to the Racing Club de Avellaneda for a record fee of 38,931 pesos. In 1937, he won his first Argentine championship title with Racing. In addition, in 1941 he won the Argentine championship for the second time.

García played 35 times for Argentina between 1935 (when he was playing for Rosario Central) and 1943, scoring 9 goals. He was part of the Copa América winning squads of 1937 (where he was one of the keyplayers of the team due to his goals and assistances) and 1941, he also played in the 1942 edition of the tournament. Unfortunately the peak of his career coincided with World War II denying him the chance to play in a FIFA World Cup. 

When his professional career ended, García worked at his own sweet shop until 1960, when he returned to football as talent scout and trainer of the youth divisions at Racing Club. "We do not whish to form players from a day to another so footballers can't escape from the human law of evolution", said García by then.

During his last years, García was in a situation of poverty and used to go from bar to bar, saying to customers "I am Enrique García, the best left winger of all times, would you invite me to have a coffee?"

García died on August 23, 1969. He was only 56 years old.



Andrés Anchondo

José Andrés Anchondo García (born 10 November 1962) is a Mexican archer. Anchondo competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Rafel Aveleyra

Rafel Aveleyra (born 29 July 1932) is a Mexican archer. Aveleyra competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Area code 626

Area code 626 is a telephone area code in the North American Numbering Plan. It is for most of the San Gabriel Valley in the U.S state of California. The numbering plan area also covers nearby areas in the northeastern part of Los Angeles County, California. This includes Arcadia, Monrovia, El Monte, most of Pasadena and West Covina. The numbering plan area was split from that of area code 818 on June 14, 1997.

Area codes 909 and 840

Area codes 909 and 840 are telephone area codes in the North American Numbering Plan. They work for the far-eastern part of Los Angeles County and southwestern San Bernardino County in the U.S. state of California. Area code 909 was created on November 14, 1992 in an area code split of 714. 840 was added to the numbering plan area to form an overlay complex effective February 23, 2021.

Corrado Gini

Corrado Gini was an Italian statistician, demographer, and sociologist. He developed the Gini coefficient, which is a measure of income inequality in societies. He was born on May 24, 1884 in Motta di Livenza, Veneto, Italy and died on March 13, 1965 in Rome, Italy. He lived to be 80 years old.

Seven Deadly Enemies of Man

Seven Deadly Enemies of Man, also known as the Seven Deadly Sins, are fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Fawcett Comics and currently by DC Comics. They are seven powerful demons that represent the seven deadly sins of Judeo-Christian religions, and enemies of the superhero Captain Marvel (a.k.a. Shazam). Each of these demons represents a different sin, and is named accordingly: Lust, Sloth, Pride, Wrath, Gluttony, Greed, and Envy. They were adapted by C. C. Beck and Bill Parker, first appearing in "Whiz Comics" #2 (1940).

The Sons of Trigon also represent the seven sins. They were created by Judd Winick and Julian Lopez, first appearing in "Titans" (Volume 2) #3 (2008).

The demons can take control of people's bodies and force them to follow their base desires. The Sins were captured by the wizard Shazam many years ago and encased in seven mocking stone statues which were placed in the Rock of Eternity. Currently the Enemies remain imprisoned, but they escaped on at least one occasion the destruction of the Rock of Eternity at the hands of the Spectre; however, Captain Marvel managed to trap them once again. The demons have escaped their prisons several times to cause havoc, usually freed by another villain. King Kull released them, planning to make Sin bombs and destroy the world along with turning Billy Batson to stone, but he is defeated and the Sins again imprisoned.

The Seven Deadly Sins identify themselves by their traditional theological versions (Pride, Envy, Greed, Wrath, Sloth, Gluttony, and Lust). When the Spectre destroyed the Rock of Eternity and killed Shazam, the Sins were released. When the Rock was rebuilt, the Sins were again captured, although they try and torment Marvel as he can hear their thoughts, and they are implied to have caused trouble at a full moon. It is claimed that Pride is the rudest and dangerous.


The characters made their live-action cinematic debut in the DC Extended Universe movie "Shazam!" (2019).


Local Agency Formation Commission

Local Agency Formation Commissions or LAFCOs are regional service planning agencies of the State of California. 

Fawcett City

Fawcett City is a fictional city located in the American Midwest and the home of the Marvel Family. It appears in publications by Fawcett Comics.













Paycor Stadium

Paycor Stadium is an American football stadium located in Cincinnati, Ohio that serves as the home for the Cincinnati Bengals of the National Football League (NFL). 

They first started to build the stadium on April 25, 1998. The Bengals first started playing in the stadium on August 19, 2000. In their first game, they defeated the Chicago Bears 24–20 in a preseason game.

The stadium at first didn't have a sponsor and was named Paul Brown Stadium after Paul Brown, the team's founder. The stadium would keep this name until 2021. On August 9, 2022, sponsorship naming rights were sold to Paycor and the stadium was renamed Paycor Stadium.

Bengals fans refer to the stadium as "The Jungle" and the Guns N' Roses song "Welcome to the Jungle" is played as an anthem for the team at games.

Acton, California

Acton is a census-designated place (CDP) in Los Angeles County, California, near the Antelope Valley.

Vincent, California

Vincent is a census-designated place (CDP) in the central San Gabriel Valley, in Los Angeles County, California, United States.

Twentynine Palms, California

Twentynine Palms is a city in San Bernardino County, California.

Fawcett Comics

Fawcett Comics, or Fawcett Publications, was a Golden Age publisher best known for creating Captain Marvel.

Tehachapi Mountains

The Tehachapi Mountains (/təˈhætʃəpi/; Kawaiisu: Tihachipia, meaning "hard climb") are a mountain range in the Transverse Ranges system of California in the Western United States.

Sierra Pelona Mountains

The Sierra Pelona, also known as the Sierra Pelona Ridge or the Sierra Pelona Mountains, is a mountain ridge in the Transverse Ranges in Southern California. It is in northwest Los Angeles County.

Whiz Comics

Whiz Comics was an anthology comic book series produced by Fawcett Publications from February of 1940 until June of 1953. Curiously, the premiere issue of the series did not seem to exist, and the title began publication with the spotlight feature Captain Marvel beginning with issue #2, however an ashcan version of the #1 issue, titled "Flash Comics" has been located. In 1973, DC Comics revived the character of Captain Marvel and his supporting cast, transplanting them to an alternate reality known as Earth-S.

King Kull (DC Comics)

King Kull is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Fawcett Comics and currently by DC Comics. He is a prehistoric enemy of Captain Marvel and member of the Monster Society of Evil. He was the ruler and the last of the Beast-Men that once ruled the Earth until Cro-Magnon man rebelled, causing him to go into suspended animation. He has enormous strength and durability and a brilliant mind, along with bizarre technology.

"King Kull" was created by Otto Binder and C. C. Beck, first appearing in "Captain Marvel Adventures" #125 (1951).

Empower Field at Mile High

Empower Field at Mile High is an American football stadium located in Denver, Colorado that serves as the home for the Denver Broncos of the National Football League (NFL). The Colorado Rapids of Major League Soccer (MLS) also played in the stadium from 2002 until moving to a new stadium in 2006. The stadium hosted the 2008 Democratic National Convention where Barack Obama would accept the Democratic presidential nomination.

They first started to build the stadium on August 17, 1999. The Broncos first started playing in the stadium on August 11, 2001. In their first game, they defeated the Dallas Cowboys 20–6 in a preseason game.

When it was opened, the stadium was named Invesco Field at Mile High after sponsor Invesco from 2001 until 2011. The naming rights were then bought by Sports Authority and the stadium was renamed Sports Authority Field at Mile High from 2011 until 2018. From 2018-19, the stadium would just be called Broncos Stadium at Mile High with no sponsor. On September 4, 2019, Empower bought the naming rights for 21 years and the stadium was renamed Empower Stadium at Mile High. The stadium is 1 mile (5,280 feet (1,610 m)) above sea level which is why the stadium is nicknamed "Mile High".

Oggar

Oggar, the "World's Mightiest Immortal" is a fictional character from the publisher Fawcett Comics, whose publication rights were acquired by DC Comics in the 1970s. Oggar was a villain of Captain Marvel chronology in Pre-Crisis; he did no Post-Crisis appearances. He first appeared in Captain Marvel Adventures # 61 (May 1946, Fawcett Comics). His first appearance in DC Comics was in World's Finest Comics # 264 (August 1980). He has been a member of the supervillain team, the Monster Society of Evil.

He was a major recurring enemy of the Marvels in the DC Comics stories published before the continuity-resetting Crisis on Infinite Earths miniseries in 1985.

Bill Parker (comics)

William Lee Parker (September 11, 1911 – January 31, 1963) was an American comic book writer and editor. He is best known for creating the Fawcett Comics character, Captain Marvel, in 1939, along with artist C. C. Beck.

Uncle Marvel

Uncle Marvel (Dudley H. Dudley) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books formerly published by Fawcett Comics and today by DC Comics, who appears in stories about the Marvel Family team of superheroes.

He is the good-natured father figure to Billy Batson and uncle to his sister, Mary. Much of his backstory, profession and role vary on the reality, though he often serves as a caretaker or friend of sort. "Dudley" was created by Otto Binder and C. C. Beck, first appearing in "Wow Comics" #18. (1943)

All-Star Squadron

The All-Star Squadron is a fictional superhero team from DC Comics. It was a team of superheroes protecting the home front of America during World War II. Though originally formed out of the Justice Society of America, many other costumed heroes joined as well, making practically every American "mystery man" that was active during the war a member. Like all super-powered heroes, they were barred from direct participation in the war, by a magical barrier created by the sorcerous efforts of Adolf Hitler and the Dragon King, using the Spear of Destiny and the Holy Grail. The team had overlapping memberships with the Justice Society, the Seven Soldiers of Victory, the Young All-Stars, and the Young Allies.

The "All-Star Squadron" was created by Roy Thomas, Rich Buckler and Jerry Ordway, first appearing in a back-up story in "Justice League of America" #193 (1981).

Anniversary (1936 movie)

Anniversary (Hungarian: Évforduló) is a 1936 Hungarian comedy movie directed by Béla Gaál and starring Antal Páger, Imre Ráday, Gábor Rajnay, Marcsa Simon, Sándor Pethes, Imre Toronyi, Gusztáv Vándory and Júlia Komár.

Israeli Americans

Israeli Americans are American of Israeli ancestry. The Israeli consulate in New York has estimated that 180,000 to 200,000 Israelis live in the United States.

Christianity in the United States

According to Pew Research Center, 64% of Americans are Christian.

Ferdinand IV of Castile

Ferdinand IV (; 16 June 1285 – 7 September 1312) nicknamed the Summoned () or the Warrior () was the King of Castile and León from 1295 until his death in 1312. At the age of 10, Ferdinand succeeded his father, King Sancho IV in 1295 with Ferdinand's mother, Queen María de Molina, serving as his regent until Ferdinand's 17th birthday on 16 June 1302 where he was crowned and where he also married Constance of Portugal. 

Like his predecessors, Ferdinand was active in the Reconquista and was considered a great, brave and also a strong king as well. Although he failed to conquer Algeciras in 1309, he captured the city of Gibraltar that same year, and in early 1312, the city of Alcaudete was also conquered by Ferdinand and his troops. Also just like his predecessors, Castile was thriving during Ferdinand's reign as well. 

Ferdinand died in Jaén after suffering from Tuberculosis on 7 September 1312 at the age of 27, and he was buried in the Royal Collegiate Church of Saint Hippolytus and was succeeded by his one-year old son, Alfonso XI.

Lieutenant Marvels

The Lieutenant Marvels are fictional characters from publications by Fawcett Comics and DC Comics. They first appeared in "Whiz Comics" #21 in 1941. They were three young men from Earth-S, all of whom shared the name Billy Batson.

By shouting "Shazam!", the Four Billy Batsons are transformed into the Lieutenant Marvels. In this form, they each have the powers of Captain Marvel: the wisdom of Solomon, the strength of Hercules, the stamina of Atlas, the power of Zeus, the courage of Achilles, and the speed of Mercury. Since they have to share the power, they are each only one-third as powerful as Captain Marvel.

Captain Nazi

Captain Nazi is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Fawcett Comics and DC Comics. He is an evil counterpart to Captain Marvel, a super-villain with incredible strength and powers fueled by Nazi idealism. During World War II, he was developed by Adolf Hitler and the Axis Powers as part of a super-soldier experiment. He has been a member of the Fourth Reich, the Monster Society of Evil and the Secret Society of Super-Villains.

Captain Nazi was created by William Woolfolk and Mac Raboy, first appearing in Master Comics #21 (1941).

Spy Smasher

Spy Smasher is the name of two fictional characters appearing in comics published by Fawcett Comics and DC Comics. The first is a superhero that was formerly owned and published by Fawcett Comics. The second is a female anti-terrorism government agent and enemy of the Birds of Prey.

Nobody (Sylvia song)

"Nobody" is a 1982 song by country singer Sylvia and is the second single from her second studio album "Just Sylvia". It went to number 15 in the United States, number 2 in New Zealand, number 41 in Australia and number 5 in Canada and was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1983.

Josh Inglis

Joshua Patrick Inglis (born 4 March 1995) is an Australian professional cricketer who plays as a wicket-keeper and right-handed batsman.
Inglis was born in Leeds, England. His family settled in Australia when he was 14 years old.
He played his first international match against Sri Lanka on 11 February 2022. He was named in 2021 T20 World Cup. He was also selected for the 2023 Cricket World Cup as Alex Carey was dropped after the first match.

Rajan Sawhney

Rajan Sawhney (born May 2, 1971) is a Canadian politician from the United Conservative Party in Alberta. She was elected in the 2019 Alberta general election to represent the electoral district of Calgary-North East in the 30th Alberta Legislature.

Rajan Sawhney has received the following awards.

Most Promising Newcomer Award- 2019: MLA Rookie of the Year

Best Alberta Cabinet Minister-2022

Harshita Gaur

Harshita Shekhar Gaur (born 12 October 1992) is an Indian actress known for her work on the youth-based show "Sadda Haq", in which she played the lead role of Sanyukta Agarwal and Dimpy Pandit in the 2018 web series "Mirzapur".

Gaganjeet Bhullar

Gaganjeet Singh Bhullar (born 27 April 1988) is an Indian professional golfer who plays on the Asian Tour. He was awarded Arjuna Award in 2013.


Naman Ahuja

Naman P. Ahuja (born 1974) is an art historian and curator based in New Delhi. He is Professor of Indian Art and Architecture at Jawaharlal Nehru University, New Delhi where his research and graduate teaching focus on Indian iconography and sculpture, temple architecture and Sultanate-period painting. 

Naumburg, Hesse

Naumburg is a town in Kassel in Hesse, Germany. It is 25 km southwest of Kassel.


Rotenburg an der Fulda

Rotenburg an der Fulda (officially "Rotenburg a.d. Fulda") is a town in Hersfeld-Rotenburg in Hesse, Germany. It is on the river Fulda.

Haina (Kloster)

Haina (Kloster) is a municipality in Waldeck-Frankenberg in Hesse, Germany.

Korbach

Korbach is a town in Hesse, Germany. It is the capital of Waldeck-Frankenberg.

Waldeck, Hesse

Waldeck is a town in Waldeck-Frankenberg in Hesse, Germany.

Gersfeld

Gersfeld is a town in Fulda in Hesse, Germany.

Camiguin

Camiguin is an island province in the Philippines located in the Bohol Sea, about off the northern coast of Mindanao. It is in the Northern Mindanao region.

Camiguin is the second-smallest province in the country in both population and land area after Batanes. The provincial capital is Mambajao, which is also the province's largest municipality in both area and population.

The province is known for its sweet lanzones.

Tubod, Lanao del Norte

Tubod is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Lanao del Norte. According to the 2020 census, 60,182 people lived there.

Jordan, Guimaras

Jordan is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Guimaras. According to the 2020 census, 39,566 people lived there which makes it the third largest settlement in the province by population.

Buenavista, Guimaras

Buenavista is a municipality and the largest settlement in the province of Guimaras, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 52,899 people lived there. It is at the northern point of Guimaras Island.

Buenavista is the oldest municipality in Guimaras. It was founded in 1775.

List of Everything's Rosie episodes

Everything's Rosie aired 104 episodes, 4 seasons and 1 special episode. Each season aired 26 episodes.

Violet Carson

Violet Carson OBE (1 September 1898 – 26 December 1983) was an actress from Manchester. She was on radio, stage and television, and was a singer and pianist. She had a long and celebrated career as an actress and performer during the early days of BBC Radio. For the last twenty years of her life she was the matronly Christian widow, town gossip and elderly battle-axe Ena Sharples in the ITV television soap opera "Coronation Street". She was one of the original characters from the start in 1960. She almost always wore a hairnet. 

In 1962, she was named ITV Personality of the Year. She was awarded an OBE in 1965 by Harold Wilson. He was accused of having debased and cheapened the honours system. 

Dipolog

Dipolog is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Zamboanga del Norte. According to the 2020 census, 138,141 people lived there.

Zamboanga del Norte

Zamboanga del Norte is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Zamboanga Peninsula region. The capital is Dipolog.

Pagadian

Pagadian is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Zamboanga del Sur. It is the regional center of Zamboanga Peninsula and the second-largest city in the region and in the province, after Zamboanga City. According to the 2020 census, 210,452 people lived there.

Zamboanga Sibugay

Zamboanga Sibugay is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Zamboanga Peninsula region. The capital is Ipil.

Ipil

Ipil is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Zamboanga Sibugay. According to the 2020 census, 89,401 people lived there.

Ipil Airport is the only airport in Zamboanga Sibugay.

Prosperidad

Prosperidad is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Agusan del Sur. According to the 2020 census, 88,321 people lived there.

Blandy, Essonne

Blandy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boigneville

Boigneville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Bois-Herpin

Bois-Herpin is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boissy-la-Rivière

Boissy-la-Rivière is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boissy-le-Cutté

Boissy-le-Cutté is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boissy-le-Sec

Boissy-le-Sec is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boissy-sous-Saint-Yon

Boissy-sous-Saint-Yon is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Bondoufle

Bondoufle is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boullay-les-Troux

Boullay-les-Troux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. It is 30 km southwest of Paris.

Honours system

Most countries have a system of honouring people. Most of them are based on the historical systems of nobility. In the past rulers would reward people by giving them land and titles. They could be punished by taking them away.

Honours are very commonly used in the military where people are often given medals to recognise bravery. Scouting has a complex system of honours.

Honours systems are generally heirarchical. Some honors are more important than others.

Bouray-sur-Juine

Bouray-sur-Juine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boussy-Saint-Antoine

Boussy-Saint-Antoine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boutervilliers

Boutervilliers is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Boutigny-sur-Essonne

Boutigny-sur-Essonne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Bouville, Essonne

Bouville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Brétigny-sur-Orge

Brétigny-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Breuillet, Essonne

Breuillet is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Breux-Jouy

Breux-Jouy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Brières-les-Scellés

Brières-les-Scellés is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Briis-sous-Forges

Briis-sous-Forges is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Pseudophilautus zal

Pseudophilautus zal is a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. 

The adult male frog was 24.2-25.4 mm long from nose to rear end. Scientists do not know what color this frog was when it was alive. When it is in liquid that stops its body from rotting, this frog looks light brown with five white spots on its back and a yellow belly. 

This frog is extinct. All the frogs of this species are dead. Scientists believe this is because human beings changed the places where the frog needed to live. This frog's scientific name "zal" comes from a Polish word meaning "very big sadness." The scientists named it "zal" because they were sad that so many frogs and other animals in Sri Lanka had died.

Brouy

Brouy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Bruyères-le-Châtel

Bruyères-le-Châtel is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

WAGR T class (diesel)

The WAGR T class were a total of 5 (15) diesel-electric shunting locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1967 to 1994.

The T class were built by Tulloch Limited of Rhodes, Sydney, New South Wales from 1967 to 1970. They were used across the network shunting in various yards. Withdrawals began in late 1985, with all but being withdrawn by mid-1994. 1 T class is preserved along with 3 TA class, one of which remains in operational service. The TA class were a later version with larger engines.

Buno-Bonnevaux

Buno-Bonnevaux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Bures-sur-Yvette

Bures-sur-Yvette is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Cerny, Essonne

Cerny is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Chalo-Saint-Mars

Chalo-Saint-Mars is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Chalou-Moulineux

Chalou-Moulineux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Chamarande

Chamarande is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Champcueil

Champcueil is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

WAGR Ta class (diesel)

The WAGR Ta class were a total of 10 diesel-electric shunting locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1968/9 to 1994.

The Ta class were a more powerful version of the standard T class shunters, they were one of the last locomotives to be constructed by Tulloch Limited of Rhodes, Sydney, New South Wales. The last of the class was withdrawn in 1994, with the exception of No. 1807 which works for the State Energy Commission at Bunbury (as of 2010). 3 examples have been scrapped, with 6 scrapped.

Champlan

Champlan is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Champmotteux

Champmotteux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Chatignonville

Chatignonville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Chauffour-lès-Étréchy

Chauffour-lès-Étréchy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Cheptainville

Cheptainville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Chevannes, Essonne

Chevannes is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Chilly-Mazarin

Chilly-Mazarin is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Congerville-Thionville

Congerville-Thionville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Mati, Davao Oriental

Mati is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Davao Oriental. According to the 2020 census, 147,547 people lived there.

Malita

Malita is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Davao Occidental. According to the 2020 census, 118,197 people lived there.

Kabugao

Kabugao is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Apayao. According to the 2020 census, 16,215 people lived there.

Conner, Apayao

Conner is a municipality in the province of Apayao, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 27,552 people lived there.

Gjerstad

Gjerstad is a municipality in Agder county, Norway. In 2022, 2,427 people lived there.


Dolby

Dolby Laboratories, Inc. (often known simply as Dolby) is a company specializing in audio noise reduction, audio encoding/compression, spatial audio, and High-dynamic-range television imaging. Dolby licenses its technologies to consumer electronics manufacturers. 

It was founded by Ray Dolby (1933–2013) in London, England, in 1965. He moved the company headquarters to San Francisco in 1976. 

The first movie with Dolby sound was "A Clockwork Orange" in 1971.

Salko Hamzic

Salko Hamzic (born 17 September 2006) is a Bosnian football goalkeeper. He plays for Austrian 2nd league club FC Liefering.
Hamzić began his career at UFC Siezenheim. In December 2015 he moved to SV Austria Salzburg. In February 2019 he moved to FC Red Bull Salzburg's youth team. He then went through all age levels in the academy from the 2020/21 season.

In May 2023 the goalkeeper was in the squad of the second-class farm team FC Liefering for the first time. For the 2023/24 season he moved into the Liefering squad. He made his debut in the 2nd league on 15 September 2023 when he was in the starting line-up on matchday seven of that season against SV Stripfing.

Crossodactylus cyclospinus

Crossodactylus cyclospinus is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais, Brazil. People have seen it in exactly two places, both on the Jequitinhonha River.

Levi Coffin

Levi Coffin (October 28, 1798 – September 16, 1877) was an American Quaker, Republican, abolitionist, farmer, businessman and humanitarian. He was very active in the Underground Railroad. The Underground Railroad was a network that helped slaves escape. As he was an active leader of that organization is Indiana and Ohio., some people called him "President of the Underground Railroad". They estimated that three thosand fugitive slaves passed through his care. The Coffin home in Fountain City, Wayne County, Indiana is a museum today. At times, it was called d the Underground Railroad's "Grand Central Station".
Coffin was born near what became Greensboro, North Carolina. Even when he was a child, Coffin came to see what slavery looked like, and he soon came to oppose it. His family emigrated to Indiana in 1826. Slaveholders were persecuting Quakers more and more. Because of their beliefs, Quakers did not own slaves. Instead, many helped slaves escape. 

In Indiana, Coffin settled near the National Road with other Quakers in Wayne County, Indiana, near the Ohio border. He farmed, and became a local merchant and business leader. Coffin grew wealthy from his various businesses assisting neighbors and travelers in the important transit corridor. Coffin became a major investor in and director of the local Richmond branch of the Second State Bank of Indiana in the 1830s. At that time, Richmond was the Wayne County seat. His financial position and standing in the community also helped supply food, clothing and transportation for Underground Railroad operations in the region.

His friends in the anti-slavery movement urged Coffin to move south. In 18476, he moved to the city of Cincinnati, which was an important port on the Ohio River. There he ran a warehouse, that sold only free-labour goods. Coffin abandoned the idea after a decade, because the business was not profitable. Despite this, he was able to help hundreds of slaves, between 1847 and 1857. He lodged them in his Ohio home, which was across the river from Kentucky, and not far from Virginia. Both Kentucky and Virginia were slave states, until slavery was abolished after the American Civil War. 

In the last years of his life, Coffin traveled around the Midwest, as well as overseas to France and Great Britain, where he helped form aid societies to provide food, clothing, funds and education to former slaves. Coffin retired from public life in the 1870s, and wrote an autobiography, "Reminiscences of Levi Coffin", published in 1876, a year before his death.

Consiglio di Rumo

Consiglio di Rumo was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. On 11 February 2011, the former municipalities of Consiglio di Rumo, Germasino and Gravedona merged to form the new municipality of Gravedona ed Uniti.

Free-produce movement

The Free-produce movement was a movement that started as a non-violent way to oppose slavery. The abolitionist movement used it as a non-violent way for individuals, including the disenfranchised, to fight slavery.

In this context, "free" signifies "not enslaved" (i.e. "having the legal and political rights of a citizen"). It does not mean "without cost". Similarly, "produce" does not mean just fruits and vegetables, but a wide variety of products made by slaves, including clothing, dry goods, shoes, soaps, ice cream, and candy.

The free produce movement was not a success. Many abandoned it after a few years. Non-slave products were more expensive and sometimes hard to find. At times, it faced high tariffs blocking imports. In some cases the origin of the goods could not be determined. Sometimes the non-slave goods were of poorer quality; one storeowner "not infrequently received sugar 'with a very disagreeable taste and odor' and rice that was 'very poor, dark and dirty.'" Benefits to slaves or reduction in demand for slave-produced goods was very small. Many abolitionists ignored the issue altogether. Though William Lloyd Garrison, founder of the American Anti-Slavery Society, initially proclaimed at a convention in 1840 that his wool suit was made without slave labor, he later examined the results of the movement and criticized it as impossible to enforce, ineffective, and a distraction from more important tasks. The national association disbanded in 1847, but Quakers in Philadelphia continued until 1856.

Gravedona

Gravedona was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. On 11 February 2011, the former municipalities of Consiglio di Rumo, Germasino and Gravedona merged to form the new municipality of Gravedona ed Uniti.

Germasino

Germasino was a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. On 11 February 2011, the former municipalities of Consiglio di Rumo, Germasino and Gravedona merged to form the new municipality of Gravedona ed Uniti.

Gravedona ed Uniti

Gravedona ed Uniti is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy. It was created on 11 February 2011 from the former municipalities of Consiglio di Rumo, Germasino and Gravedona.

Muhammad Tawhidi

Muhammad Tawhidi, known online as the Imam of Peace is a Shiite Imam and Influencer. He was born in Qom, Iran in between the time period of 1982-1983. As of January 2022, Tawhidi has served as the Vice President for the Global Imams Council in Najaf, Iraq.

His views on Islam are that Islam needs to be reformed to survive. He believes that terrorism are forbidden in the Quran, and made a speech denouncing the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria along with it's affilates such as Boko Haram.

Carate Urio

Carate Urio is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Ronago

Ronago is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Gera Lario

Gera Lario is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Mariveles

Mariveles is a municipality in the province of Bataan, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 149,879 people lived there.

Gratis versus libre

In English, the word "free" has two meanings, which are very different from each other:
Richard Stallman summarised the difference in a slogan: "Think free as in free speech, not free beer."

Oroquieta

Oroquieta is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Misamis Occidental. According to the 2020 census, 72,301 people lived there.

Castrovirreyna Province

The Castrovirreyna Province is one of seven provinces in the Huancavelica Region of Peru. The capital of this province is the city of Castrovirreyna.

The Chunta mountain range traverses the province. Some of the highest peaks of the province are listed below:


The province is divided into thirteen districts, which are:


Indigenous citizens of Quechua descent live in this place. Spanish is the language which the majority of the population (77.20%) learnt to speak in childhood. 22.30% of the residents started speaking using the Quechua language (2007 Peru Census).

Corbreuse

Corbreuse is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Le Coudray-Montceaux

Le Coudray-Montceaux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Courances

Courances is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Zeekr

ZEEKR () is an electric vehicle company.
Zeekr was founded in March 2021 as a premium electric mobility brand for battery-powered vehicles by the Geely Group to compete against Nio and Tesla, among others. Its first model, the Zeekr 001 was officially launched in April 2021. The Zeekr models are to be based on the SEA platform presented in autumn 2020.
In December 2021, Geely announced that Zeekr would be collaborating with Waymo to develop and provide all-electric, autonomous ride-hailing vehicle for the Waymo One autonomous mobility service in the United States. The vehicle integrated with Waymo's technology was unveiled in Los Angeles in November 2022.

In January 2022, a cooperation between Zeekr and Mobileye was announced to expand their strategic technology partnership with a goal to deliver the world's first consumer autonomous vehicles with L4 capabilities by 2024

In August 2022, Zeekr announced their cooperation with CATL, making them the first brand to use CATL's Qilin long range batteries for global mass production. The Zeekr 001 will be the first model to use the new batteries enabling them to have a pure electric range exceeding 1000 km.

Zeekr raised $500 million in its first external fundraising from five investors including Intel Capital, CATL, Bilibili in August 2021. On February 13, 2023, Zeekr is valued at $13 billion after it raised $750 million from five investors.

The name of the brand is made up of Generation Z and the term geek.


M-Vision is built on SEA-M architecture to showcase the architecture's fundamental features such as expansive interior, open seat choice, and placement option, no B-pillar, and robust electrical/electronic (E/E) backbone supporting autonomous drive and connected devices.

M-Vision is a base model that can be developed for a range of future mobility products including robotaxis, multi-purpose vehicles, and logistics vehicles.


Courdimanche-sur-Essonne

Courdimanche-sur-Essonne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Karachev

Karachev () is a town in Bryansk Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 19,715 people lived there.

Haram

Haram (), is an Arabic word that literally means forbidden, it may be used to refer to sacred knowledge which is hidden from the people, or the word's more common use which is for a evil and sinful action that is forbidden to be done. In Islamic law, haram is used to refer to any action that is forbidden in the Quran and is one of the five Islamic commandments.

Gearóid Iarla

Gearóid Iarla (1335disappeared 1398), also known as Gerald FitzMaurice FitzGerald was the 3rd Earl of Desmond, lord of Munster, and a Norman-Gaelic poet. He disappeared in 1398, at the age of 62 or 63.
He was born in 1335, as the child (son) of Maurice FitzGerald, 1st Earl of Desmond. When he grew up, he became the 3rd Earl of Desmond, lord of Munster, and a Norman-Gaelic poet. He disappeared in 1398, at the age of 62 or 63.
Old Occitan

Old Occitan is a Old Romance language which is an early form of the Occitan language.

Sheynnis Palacios

Sheynnis Alondra Palacios Cornejo (born 30 May 2000) is a Nicaraguan model and beauty queen who won the title of Miss Universe 2023. She became the first Miss Universe winner from Nicaragua.

She was previously crowned Miss World Nicaragua 2020, Miss World 2021 Top 40 semifinalist and Miss Nicaragua 2023.

Palacios was born on 30 May 2000 in Managua. She graduated from the Central American University in Managua with a bachelor’s degree in mass communication.

Palacios began her beauty contest career as a teenager at the age of 16, when she won the title of Miss Teen Nicaragua 2016 and finished in the Top 10 at Miss Teen Universe 2017 in Managua.

On February 15, 2020, Palacios represented Managua at Miss World Nicaragua 2020 at the Holiday Inn and Convention Center in Managua, where she won the title and was succeeded by María Teresa Cortez.

As Miss World Nicaragua, Palacios represented Nicaragua at Miss World 2021, which was held in San Juan, Puerto Rico on 16 December 2021. Two days prior to the pageant's broadcast, several cases of COVID-19 began to be reported amongst contestants and staff, which led to the cancelation and postponement of the pageant's final show. The pageant was later rescheduled for 16 March 2022, with only the 40 selected semi-finalists being invited to return to compete; Palacios was ultimately selected as one of the 40, but did not advance further in the competition.

On August 5, 2023, Palacios joined at Miss Nicaragua 2023 and competed against 10 other finalists at Crowne Plaza Managua in Managua, where she won the title and was succeeded by Norma Huembes.

As Miss Nicaragua, Palacios represented Nicaragua at Miss Universe 2023 on November 18, 2023 and competed against 84 other candidates at the José Adolfo Pineda Arena in San Salvador, El Salvador. 

Palacios advanced to Top 5. During the first question and answer round, she was asked: "What qualities and values guide you as a leader and role model for others?"
The quality that has inspired me and has inspired millions of women and girls is humility and to be able to appreciate all of the little things, because that’s where the most valuable thing is: the essence of being human.
Palacios advanced to Top 3. In the final question and answer portion, the top three contestants were asked the same question: "If you could live one year in another woman's shoes, who would you choose and why?"
I will choose Mary Wollstonecraft because she opened the gap and they gave an opportunity to many women. What I would do — I would want that gap, that income gap, would open up so that women could work in any area that they chose to work in because there's no limitation for women. That was 1750. Now in 2023, we're making history.
At the end of the event, Palacios won the competition and was crowned by her predecessor, Miss Universe 2022 R'Bonney Gabriel of United States.

Star-Spangled Kid

The Star-Spangled Kid is the name of several superheroes in the DC Comics' main shared universe. Star-Spangled Kid and his sidekick Stripesy are a crime-fighting duo. The original was Sylvester Pemberton, a Golden Age vigilante who later began calling himself Skyman. His successor would be Courtney Whitmore, who went on to use the name Stargirl wielding her Cosmic Rod. Miss Martian would also briefly take the alias when she went undercover to infiltrate the Dark Side Club. The identity has been associated with the All-Star Squadron, Infinity, Inc., the Justice Society, the Seven Soldiers of Victory and Young Justice. "Star-Spangled Kid" was created by Jerry Siegel and Hal Sherman, first appearing in "Star-Spangled Comics" #1. (1941)

Mariana Avitia

Mariana Avitia Martínez (born September 18, 1993) is a Mexican archer. Avitia competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Ernesto Boardman

Ernesto Horacio Boardman López (born 23 February 1993) is a Mexican archer. Boardman competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Brock Purdy

Brock Purdy was born on December 27,1999. He grew up in Queen Creek, Arizona. He went to high school at Perry high school in Gilbert Arizona.

After he graduated, he went to Iowa State University in Ames Iowa. There, he played football and majored in communication studies and scored a 3.66 GPA. 

He first started in the NFL in 2022 playing for the San Francisco 49ers. Brock purdy is the quarterback for the 49ers. In the NFL he has thrown a total of 2,662 yards.

He has a fiancé named Jenna Brandt. He proposed to her on a dock in Florida. This was on a vacation

Blue Moon (1934 song)

"Blue Moon" is a 1934 song recorded by Richard Rodgers and Lorenz Hart and has become a standard jazz ballad. It was hit single in 1935, 1949, Elvis Presley released his version of "Blue Moon" for his 1956 album "Elvis Presley". It became a huge hit for The Marcels in 1961 as an international number one hit single. It has been covered by numerous artists over the years.

Manly, New Zealand

Manly is a suburb of Auckland and is located in the Whangaparaoa Peninsula. It has a primary school, an established shopping center and residential areas of Big Manly Beach in the north and Little Manly Beach in the south. It was once a seaside holiday location until it became within commuting distance of Auckland City.

Johann Neumann

Johann Neumann was an Austrian footballer. He played for Wiener AC.
He played in eight matches for the Austria national football team from 1911 to 1923, scoring two goals. His first match was on 10 September 1911 in a 2-1 away win versus Germany. His last match was on 10 June 1923 in al away loss versus Sweden.

Heng Swee Keat

Heng Swee Keat (; born 15 April 1961) is a Singaporean politician, former police officer and former civil servant. 

He is serving as Deputy Prime Minister, Coordinating Minister for Economic Policies. Also, he is the Member of Parliament (MP) representing the Bedok part of the East Coast GRC.

Heng studied at Raffles Institution. He received a scholarship from the Singapore Police Force in 1980. That allowed him to study economics at Christ College, University of Cambridge in 1983. He also completed a Master's in Public Administration at John F. Kennedy School of Government, Harvard University in 1993.

After Heng completed his economics studies, he worked in the Singapore Police Force. He left in 1997 as an Assistant Commissioner of Police.

After working in the police, he worked in the Ministry of Education, the Ministry of Trade and Industry and the Monetary Authority of Singapore. He was also once the Principal Private Secretary to Lee Kuan Yew, the first Prime Minister of Singapore.

Heng joined politics in the 2011 general election as part of the People's Action Party (PAP) team contesting in Tampines GRC. PAP's team won with 57.22% of the vote against the National Solidarity Party. Heng became a Member of Parliament for the Tampines Central part of Tampines GRC.

On 18 May 2011, Heng was made part of the Cabinet as Minister for Education.

During the 2015 general election, Heng led the PAP team contesting in Tampines GRC and won 72.06% of the vote against the National Solidarity Party.

After the general election, on 1 October 2015, Heng stopped being Minister for Education and became Minister for Finance.

On 1 May 2019, Heng was made Deputy Prime Minister.

Before the 2020 general election, Heng announced that he would be contesting in East Coast GRC.

On 10 July 2020, the PAP team led by Heng contesting in East Coast GRC won 53.41% of the vote against the Workers' Party. Heng was made Member of Parliament for the Bedok part of East Coast GRC.

On 27 July 2020, Heng took up another Cabinet job as Coordinating Minister for Economic Policies.

After the 2020 general election, Heng was most likely the next prime minister. However, he decided not to become the next Prime Minister on 8 April 2021. He said it was because he was old and not that healthy anymore.

Following a Cabinet reshuffle on 15 May 2021, Heng stopped being Minister of Finance.

Heng was born in Singapore as a Chinese. He is of Teochew descent.

Heng is married to Chang Hwee Nee, the Chief Executive Officer of the National Heritage Board. They have two children.



Russell Mawhinney

Russell Eric Wilson Mawhinney was born 28 March, 1960 in Ranfurly. He was a New Zealand cricketer who played for Northern Districts, Griqualand West and Otago in first-class cricket. He is currently married to TVNZ presenter Matty McLean.

Jezkazgan

Jezkazgan or Zhezkazgan (, ) is a city in Kazakhstan, the capital of the Ulytau Region. The city is located in the center of the country, 100 km southeast of the geographical center of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, 89,079 people live in the city, and 92,907 people live in the urban area.

Previously, the city was part of the Karaganda Region, but since 2022 "Jezkazgan" is the capital of the Ulytau Region.

Sophia Umansky

Sophia Kylie Umansky (born January 18, 2000) is an American television personality. She is best known as the middle daughter of Kyle Richards and Mauricio Umansky, and for appearing on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" since 2010.

Sophia Kylie Umansky was born in Los Angeles, California on January 18, 2000, as the second of three daughters to Kyle Richards, an actress, and Mauricio Umansky, a real estate broker. She has two sisters; Alexia Umansky and Portia Umansky, and an older maternal half-sister Farrah Brittany. She is Jewish.

Umansky graduated Kappa Kappa Gamma from the George Washington University in 2022, with her degree in Psychological and Brain Sciences.

Umansky's cousins through her aunt Kim Richards are Brooke Brinson, Whitney Davis, Chad Davis, and Kimberly Jackson. She is also related to the Hilton family, through her aunt Kathy Hilton's marriage to uncle Richard Hilton; her cousins are Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton, Barron Hilton II, and Conrad Hilton III. Her maternal grandparents were Ken Richards, a retired lieutenant colonel, and Kathleen Richards, a casting dircetor. Her paternal grandparents are Eduardo Umansky, a clothing manufacturer, and Estella Sneider, a psychologist.

Umansky made her television debut in October 2010, on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills".

Umansky worked as an intern at The Agency RE, a global boutique real estate brokerage, based in Beverly Hills, California, which was co-founded by her father Mauricio Umansky, from May to September 2017.

Umansky resided in Washington, D.C. between 2018 and 2022. She currently resides in Encino, Los Angeles with her parents and sisters.

Portia Umansky

Portia Umansky (born March 1, 2008) is an American television personality and actress. She is best known as the youngest daughter of Kyle Richards and Mauricio Umansky, and for appearing on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills" since 2010.

Portia Umansky was born in Los Angeles, California on March 1, 2008, as the youngest of three daughters to Kyle Richards, an actress, and Mauricio Umansky, a real estate broker. She has two older sisters; Alexia Umansky and Sophia Umansky, and an older maternal half-sister Farrah Brittany; Farrah is also her godmother.

Umansky graduated from Wise School in 2020.

Umansky is Jewish. Her bat mitzvah ceremony was held in October 2021, at the age of 13.

Umansky's cousins through her aunt Kim Richards are Brooke Brinson, Whitney Davis, Chad Davis, and Kimberly Jackson. She is also related to the Hilton family, through her aunt Kathy Hilton's marriage to uncle Richard Hilton; her cousins are Paris Hilton, Nicky Hilton, Barron Hilton II, and Conrad Hilton III. Her maternal grandparents were business consultant Ken Richards, a retired lieutenant colonel, and Kathleen Richards, a casting director. Her paternal grandparents are Eduardo Umansky, a clothing manafacturer, and Estella Sneider, a psychologist.

Umansky made her television debut in October 2010, at the age of two, on the Bravo reality television series "The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills". She first watched the show in 2021. Her favourite housewife is Dorit Kemsley.

Umansky made her acting debut with the cameo role of 'Girl Scout Catherine' in the 2021 Christmas film "The Housewives of the North Pole".

Umansky joined the social media platform Twitter in 2011, at the age of three. She amassed 5,000 followers her first week.

Umansky resides in Encino, Los Angeles with her parents and sister.

Claude Kahn

Claude Kahn (9 November 1935 – 17 November 2023) was a French classical pianist, internationally known for his interpretations of especially the music of Chopin, but also of French music (Debussy, Fauré, Ravel) as soloist or accompanied by great orchestras in the world. He founded and directed a piano competition in 1970, to become international as the Concours International de Piano Claude Kahn. He founded the conservatoire of Antibes in 1971 and directed it until 1991. He died in 17 November 2023, eight days after his 88th birthday.
Pseudophilautus hoipolloi

The anthropenic shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus hoipolloi") is a frog. It lives in southwestern Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 15 and 684 meters above sea level.

Aurora Bretón

Gonzala Aurora Bretón Gómez (10 January 1950 – 27 May 2014) was a Mexican archer. Bretón competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, 1984 Summer Olympics, 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Talkeetna, Alaska

Talkeetna (Dena'ina: "K'dalkitnu") is a census-designated place (CDP) in Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Alaska, United States. It began as a district headquarters of the Alaska Railroad in 1916.

Jim Starlin

James Starlin is an American comic book artist and writer who created Thanos, Drax the Destroyer, and Gamora. He also co-created Shang-Chi.

Out of the Silent Planet

Out of the Silent Planet is a book by C. S. Lewis. In it Dr. Elwin Ransom is kidnapped and brought to Mars by Professor Weston and Dr. Richard Devine. Dr. Ransom escapes and finds out that Mars is ruled by an alien space Angel called an Oyarsa who was sent there by Maleldil.

It was first published in 1938.

Perelandra

Perelandra is a book by C. S. Lewis. It is the sequel to Out of the Silent Planet. In it Dr. Elwin Ransom goes to Venus and has to stop Professor Weston from convincing its version of Eve to sin.

It was first published in 1943.

The Space Trilogy

The Space Trilogy is a series of books by C. S. Lewis. It includes Out of the Silent Planet, Perelandra and That Hideous Strength.

Radiation protection

Radiation protection is the protection of people from the unhealthy side effects of radiation. Radiation effects can be inside or outside the body. 

Ionizing radiation is used frequently in medicine and industry, and can be very dangerous. There are two types of effects of ionizing radiation. At high level exposure, there are "tissue" effects. These effects cause clear, direct harm to the body, such as acute radiation syndrome. At low levels, the danger of someone getting cancer increases. There aren't clear signs of damage at low doses. One important part of radiation protection is to shorten time spent around radioactive material. There are things used to measure how much radiation someone gets, so they are exposed to as little as possible. These can measure exposure on both the inside and outside. In order to put a stop to unhealthy side effects, people will wear personal protective equipment. There are also things that can placed in order to keep track of radiation levels, so people are safe. Some of these are portable, so they can be taken place to place.

Danny Riesterer

Danny Riesterer (5 May 1939 – 22 July 2021) was a Belgian actor. 

He is known for his roles in "Recht op Recht", "Familie" and "16+" 

He was married to Stefaan Fernande. Riesterer died on 22 July 2021, aged 82.

Gray (unit)

The gray (symbol Gy) is the SI Unit used to show how much ionizing radiation someone has been exposed to. It measures how much energy has been deposited, or left behind, in someone. It is used frequently in medicine, such as in radiotherapy, and they are also used to diagnose people. Grays are important in figuring out if someone has acute radiation syndrome, for example. Grays are used frequently in radiation protection. They are an important unit in figuring out what health effects someone may have from exposure. Grays are used internationally in order to calculate how much radiation someone has in their body. They are used in many different fields and have many uses.

Dirk Bracke

Dirk Bracke (4 June 1953 – 15 June 2021) was a Belgian author of children's books. His work has been translated into Danish, German, Spanish and Polish. 

In 2010 Hans Herbots made "Het Engelenhuis" into the movie "Bo" and in 2015 Adil El Arbi and Bilall Fallah made of his book the film "Black".

The movie “2000,” was based on his novel “Straks doet het geen pijn meer.”

Bracke died on 15 June 2021, aged 68. His book, "Chicago" was published in 2023.

Frosta

Frosta can be




Ramesses III

Ramses III was the second Pharaoh of the 20th dynasty in Ancient Egypt. He has ruled from 26 March 1186 to 15 April 1155 BC and is considered to be the last great King of the New kingdom.

He later fought with the sea people and won against them in a battle known as Battle of the Delta which is considered one of his best achievements He was able to save Egypt from collapsing at the time when many other empires fell during the Late Bronze Age; however, the damage of the invasions took a role in Egypt.

Ramesses III was the son of Setnakhte and Tiy-Merenese. Tiy-merenese. He had a number of wives, including Isis, Titi and Tiy, as well as a number of sons including the next three rulers of Egypt, Ramesses IV ,Vand VI . We only know of one possible daughter named Titi. He was killed in the Harem conspiracy led by his wife Tiye and her eldest son Pentawere.

In the fifth year of his rule, some Libyan tribes came to the western part of the Nile River delta and said that the pharaoh was causing trouble for their leader. But really, the Libyans had been taking land that belonged to Egypt for a long time. The Egyptians defeated them in a battle in the western delta after two years of peace.

Later, a group of people from North and the Mediterranean islands known as Sea people attacked Egypt by land and sea. Ramses' soldiers stopped them in southern Palestine, and the ships got stuck in the waterways of the deltla, where Egyptians led by Ramses III won against them. Some of these people moved to the coast of Palestine between Gaza and Mount Carmel. This ended Egypt's control over Syria and Palestine.

Two more years passed, and another group of Libyan tribes came to the western delta. Ramses defeated them and captured their leader. After this, Ramses finished building a big temple, palace, and town in western Thebes. He also added to a big temple in Thebes and sent a ship to get things from a place called Punt. The Egyptians also mined copper in Sinai and possibly gold in Nubia, which is in the south.
At the end of Ramses' life, one of his wives who wasn't the main one wanted her son to become king. She planned to kill Ramses to make this happen. The sources we have say that the plan failed and the people who tried it were put on trial. We didn't know for sure if Ramses was hurt in the attack, because his mummy didn't have any obvious wounds. People talked about this for a long time. In 2012, researchers said that a CT scan showed a deep knife wound in Ramses' throat. This means that he was really killed by the people who tried to make his wife's son the king. Ramses died in Thebes in the 32nd year of his reign, and his son Ramses IV became the new king.

André Rigaud

Benoit Joseph André Rigaud (17 January 1761 – 18 September 1811) was the leading mulatto military leader during the Haitian Revolution.

Justice (disambiguation)

Justice is the morally fair treatment of people and things.

Justice can also mean:


Tiger Bay

Tiger bay is an area in Cardiff which was the port which helped Cardiff to develop. Now it is full of shops and home to the Senned.

Hamlet (lost play)

Hamlet is a 1589 play written by a unknown author. The play is unfortunately mostly lost today. The play was staged in The Theatre in Shoreditch, London, as recalled by English author Thomas Lodge. There are only two known characters in this play, which are Hamlet and a ghost. The play depicts Hamlet and a ghost who wants to get a revenge on Hamlet. The Shakespearean play Hamlet, which was performed in 1602, was based on this play.

(Only known characters in this play)
A ghost wants to get a revenge on Hamlet for rather unknown reasons, and in the play says and cries "Hamlet, revenge!", as recalled by a English author named Thomas Lodge. This is only what is known from the plot of this play.

Enterprise

Enterprise (or the archaic spelling Enterprize) may refer to:










Criticality accident

A criticality accident, or simply a criticality, is an accidental nuclear fission chain reaction that goes out of control. These accidents are sometimes called critical excursions, critical power excursions, or divergent chain reactions. These reactions are the result of accidents involving fissile material (material that can undergo nuclear fission), and they can have very harmful results on the environment, as they let off large amounts of radiation.
During normal conditions, a critical reaction (a reaction that can keep itself going) only happens in safely guarded location. During a criticality, these reactions happen outside of these environments, or in a way that isn't safe. Criticality can be reached by solid materials (for example, metallic uranium), liquid materials, or by powder slurries. 

There are two primary types of criticality accident: 

During a criticality, there are a handful of effects that have been commonly noticed. 
During criticality events, there is often a blue glow. This is because the molecules during the reaction are very energetic, and release this energy by glowing.
Some people say they have felt a 'heat wave' during a criticality accident. It is unknown if this is caused by their psychological reaction to the event, or if this is a physical result. It is frequently seen alongside the blue glow.

Picture (disambiguation)

A picture is an artifact that depicts or records visual perception.

Picture(s) may also refer to:

Crossodactylus timbuhy

Crossodactylus timbuhy is a frog. It lives in Espírito Santo, Brazil. People have seen it near Santa Teresa.

Homosexuality in Islam

In Islam, homosexuality is generally considered as forbidden by every major scholar in both the Shia and Sunni schools of Islam. The Quran mentions homosexual activity in Quran 7ː80, and the companions of the Prophet Muhammad agreed that homosexuality should of been punished by execution. The companions of Muhammad disagreed on how to execute homosexuals, but the punishments were burning, flogging, stoning, and one companion Ibn Abbas said that they should be pushed off of a tall building or cliff.

Macopa (Wax Apple)

Macopa, or makopa, is the local name in the Philippines for the sweet fruit cultivated from the tree . It is commonly referred to in English as wax apple, java apple, Semarang rose-apple, and wax jambu.

Marisol Bretón

Marisol Bretón López (born 13 January 1975) is a Mexican archer. Bretón competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Omar Bustani

Omar Bustani (born 19 June 1966) is a Mexican archer. Bustani competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Shazam (wizard)

Shazam (/ʃəˈzæm/) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by both Fawcett Comics and DC Comics. He is a powerful sorcerer and thunder deity whom is responsible for the creation of the Living Lightning. He is a member of the Quintessence and the Council of Immortals and has bestowed his power onto several champions, including Billy Batson (also known as Captain Marvel / Shazam).

The character was created by C. C. Beck and Bill Parker and first appeared in "Whiz Comics" #2 (February 1940).

Djimon Hounsou played the ancient wizard Shazam in the DC Extended Universe theatrical movies "Shazam!" (2019) and "Shazam! Fury of the Gods" (2023).

Hydra (comics)

Hydra are major antagonists in the Marvel Comics universe. They are the main antagonists of the Captain America franchise and major antagonists in the Avengers franchise.

Hydra was established during World War II by the German Third Reich as a secretive organization to further the Reich's goals. Though the war ended in Germany's defeat, Hydra survived and expanded into a global criminal organization dedicated to undermining society and establishing a fascist one world order.

Hydra has appeared in various media adaptations, including movies, television series, and video games. It plays a major role in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Jorge Pablo Chapoy

Jorge Pablo Chapoy Bosque (born 26 April 1973) is a Mexican archer. He competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Francisca de Gutierrez

Francisca de Gutierrez (born 5 May 1944) is a retired Mexican archer. She competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Lemma Megersa

Lemma Megersa (Oromo: "Lammaa Magarsaa", Amharic: ለማ መገርሳ; born 26 July 1970) is an Ethiopian politician who served as the Minister of Defense 2019 to 2020. He was also the president of the Oromia Region and deputy chairman of the ruling party in the region, the Oromo Democratic Party. Since the formation of the Prosperity Party, Lemma has been independent.

Swift Crane

Swift Crane is a fixed-wing, vertical takeoff and landing Unmanned aerial vehicle developed by Swift Engineering. It has a large wing and four propellers.

Swift Engineering began designing and manufacturing their drones in 2014. They started with the "Swift020" drone model, primarily used for research and development purposes. Later, an upgraded version, the "Swift021", was introduced. The latest version, named Swift Crane, is the commercialized model.


Tony Thurmond

Tony Krajewski Thurmond (born August 21, 1968) is an American politician and educator. In 2018, he became the 28th California State Superintendent of Public Instruction. Thurmond narrowly beat his opponent, Marshall Tuck. The California Democratic Party and all five 2018 California Teachers of the Year endorsed him.

Balaam Barugahara

Dr. Balaam Barugahara Ateenyi commonly known as Balaam (born in July 28th, 1979) is a Ugandan business man, music and events promoter and Politician. He is the CEO of Balaam group of companies, a conglomerate operating in Uganda and South Sudan. His investments are mainly in the areas of entertainments, broadcasting, real estate, manufacturing, hotels, and resorts.

Balaam is the president of Ugandan entertainment promoters and the Vice Chairperson, Western Uganda, MK Movement.

Dr.Balaam Barugahara Ateenyi was born July, 28,1979 (44 yrs ago) to late Engineer David Balaam Byenkya Akiiki of Kijura, Masindi District and Gladesi Byenkya Abwooli of Kalisizo District in Central Buganda. His father Mr. Davidson Balaam Byenkya Akiiki passed away in 1991 when he was still a young boy.

He attended NAMASAGALI School, St. John Bosco Senior Secondary School & Original Progressive Senior Secondary School for A’level. He then enrolled at Makerere University for Bachelor of Commerce where he majored in Marketing, after, he did a Master of Business Administration (Marketing Option) at Cavendish University.

Balaam is the proprietor and owner of: Original Best Water company based in South Sudan, Radio One in South Sudan, the first privately owned media house he started in 2009. He is also the proprietor and Managing Director of Radio4 (Uganda), Radio 7 (Masindi), Radio8 (Masaka) and Radio8 (Elgon region) and the MTN Uganda distributor for Kigezi sub region.

Balaam is a Real Estate Developer with hotels in Kampala and South Sudan, including a 5 start Hotel in Masindi, which was commissioned by President Museveni in September 2022.

He has 13 siblings and he is the fifth child. His late father had 14 children. Balaam is father to Benta Karuhanga Abwooli, Biden Kamusiime Amooti, Brennan Kamukama Akiiki and Bennette Tumusiime Amooti. He lost his first son to cancer in 2013.



Balaam to Museveni: Rule, in case you get tired, Muhoozi is on standby to succeed you

MK Movement Leaders Launch Diaspora Chapter in London

Balaam Barugahara plans to marry four women to “balance Uganda”

Balaam blasts 'clueless' Jenkins, confesses 'greedy' Abitex called him over Alien

The Lost Tape

The Lost Tape is a compilation album of all songs by Bad Bunny from 2013-2017. It features guest appearances by “Mat Lanez”, “Robby”, “Angel Wavy”, “Brray”, “Joyce Santana”, “Álvaro Diaz”, “Sousa”, “Myke Towers”. One songs are “Get”, “Tentación”, “Solo Avísame”, and “Diles”. On October 23rd 2017 the album was finally released with the new songs “Dime Si Vas A Volver”, “Es Tiempo”, and “Contigo”. In 2016 the streams are “Me Importa Un Carajo”, “La T Shirt De Biggie”, “ Pa Que Le De”, “Pa Que Le De RMX”, “La Vida”, and “CYNH2”. The album was removed on January 17th 2018 to release a new track named “Polaroid RMX”. The album re-released on June 12th 2018

Tracklisting


Vox Day

Theodore Robert Beale (born August 21, 1968), commonly known as Vox Day, is an American activist and writer. He is a far-right white supremacist and part of the alt-right. "The Wall Street Journal" called him, "the most despised man in science fiction".


Rehan Butt

Rehan Butt (Punjabi: ریحان بٹ) is a former Pakistani professional field hockey player who played as a forward for the Pakistan national field hockey team. A world renowned player known for his play-making skills and shooting in-front of the goal Rehan was named in the FIH All Stars Team in 2008 and 2010.


Microsoft Copilot

Microsoft Copilot is a chatbot made by Microsoft. It was introduced as Bing Chat on February 7, 2023. Microsoft Copilot is a replacement of the Cortana virtual assistant. Microsoft used to sometimes call its chatbots Bing Chat, and sometimes call them Microsoft Copilot, but all of the chatbots were renamed to Microsoft Copilot in November 2023.

The user interface of Microsoft Copilot looks like the user interface of ChatGPT, and both of them use the GPT-4 artificial intelligence model. It can cite its sources, create poems, and make songs. It can also use its Image Creator to generate images based on text prompts. Microsoft Copilot can understand many different languages.

On February 7, 2023, Microsoft released a new Bing version. This version included a new chatbot feature called Bing Chat. Bing Chat was also added to Microsoft Edge. Microsoft created a similar chatbot for Microsoft 365 called Microsoft 365 Copilot. Microsoft created another chatbot called Windows Copilot. Between September 2023 and October 2023, Microsoft 365 Copilot and Windows Copilot were renamed to Microsoft Copilot. On November 15, 2023, Bing Chat was renamed to Microsoft Copilot.

In December 2023, Copilot was added to many copies of Windows 11 for free, with more copies, and limited support for Windows 10, to be added later. Later that month, a Microsoft Copilot app was released for Android.

In Microsoft Edge, Copilot can give information on the website currently being browsed by a user. Microsoft Copilot in Windows can be accessed with the taskbar, and it supports the use of voice commands. In Microsoft 365, Microsoft Copilot can help by generating and editing parts of documents. This has reminded some people of the Office Assistant, or Clippy, which was an old feature which also tried to help with documents in Microsoft Office (the old name for Microsoft 365).


Ramanathan Krishnan (athlete)

Ramanathan Krishnan (born 11 April 1937) is a retired tennis player from India who was among the world's leading players in the 1950s and 1960s. He was twice a semifinalist at Wimbledon in 1960 and 1961, reaching as high as World No. 3 in Potter's amateur rankings.



Vivek Chibber

Vivek Aslam Chibber (born 1965) is an American academic, social theorist, editor, and professor of sociology at New York University, who has published widely on development, social theory, and politics. Chibber is the author of three books, "The Class Matrix: Social Theory after the Cultural Turn" (Harvard, 2022), "Postcolonial Theory and the Specter of Capital" (Verso, 2013) and "Locked in Place: State-Building and Late Industrialization in India" (Princeton, 2003).



Nirmal Purja

Nirmal Purja (known as Nims or Nimsdai) (; born 25 July 1983) is a Nepal-born naturalised British mountaineer. Prior to taking on a career in mountaineering, he served in the British Army with the Brigade of Gurkhas followed by the Special Boat Service (SBS), the special forces unit of the Royal Navy.


Rishi Budhrani

Rishi Budhrani (born June 9, 1984) is a Singaporean stand-up comedian, actor and host. He began performing in 2009 and became the first Singaporean to perform at the Gotham Comedy Club in New York City and is the first stand-up comedian to host Singapore's National Day Parade in 2022. as well as the President's Star Charity in October 2023. Rishi has been featured on Comedy Central and CNA, and has headlined shows in Sydney, Dubai, India, China, Sri Lanka, and Melbourne, Australia.

Neelam Gorhe

Neelam Gorhe is an Indian politician and deputy leader of Shiv Sena from Maharashtra. She is 13th and currently Deputy Chairperson of Maharashtra Legislative Council and a member of Maharashtra Legislative Council.



Harish Verma

Harish Verma is an Indian actor who mostly works in Punjabi-language films. He made his debut in the 2010 film "Panjaban", and gained wide attention with "Yaar Annmulle" (2011). He made his singing debut with the track "Ikk Vaari Hor Soch Lae", which was written by Jaani and produced by B Praak


Opinion polling for the 2025 Philippine Senate election

This article covers opinion polling for the 2025 Philippine Senate election.

Opinion polling in Philippines is conducted by Social Weather Stations (SWS), Pulse Asia, and other pollsters.

Those who win outright are in bold. Those that are within the margin of error are in "italics".

Pollsters usually do face-to-face interviews on respondents. They sometimes present respondents with a mock ballot on which the respondent will mark his or her choices for the Senate. The Senate of the Philippines is elected via multiple non-transferable vote on an at-large basis, where a voter has 12 votes, cannot transfer any of the votes to a candidate, and can vote for up to twelve candidates. If the mock ballot has 13 or more preferences, the pollster classifies it as "invalid."

Pollsters, aside from publishing preferences per candidate, also include other data such as averages on how many candidates the respondents included on their preferences.


<section begin="Senatorial surveys chart" /><section end="Senatorial surveys chart" />


Totals may not add up to 24 due to margin of error.
Coalitions are expected to release 12-person slates for the election by the start of campaigning on February 2025. On this section will be the surveys done after that day.

Siemens (unit)

Siemens are a SI unit measurement of electrical conductivity (the ability of something to transmit electricity) of something. It also measures how easily a current passes through something, and how strongly a material blocks electrical energy. The unit is named after Ernst Werner von Siemens. Like other SI units named after people, the symbol is capitalized, but the name of the unit is not. In English, the same word ("siemens") is used for both the singular and plural.

Leora Klapper

Leora F. Klapper is an American economist who currently works as a lead economist at the World Bank in the Finance and Private Sector research team as part of the Development Research group. Klapper has held government jobs in Washington, DC and Jerusalem, Israel in the Bank of Israel, as well as having held private sector jobs for Peter L. Bernstein and the Salomon Brothers firm in New York.

In 2018, Klapper received the Accion Edward W. Claugus Award for exceptional leadership and innovation in financial inclusion.

Lethal Bizzle

Maxwell Owusu Ansah (born 14 September 1984), known by his stage name Lethal Bizzle, is a British rapper from Walthamstow, London, of Ghanaian origin. He emerged in 2002 as a grime MC as part of More Fire Crew, with their grime single "Oi!" charting in the top 10 of the UK Singles Chart.


Rituparno Ghosh

Rituparno Ghosh (31 August 1963 – 30 May 2013) was an Indian film director, actor, writer and lyricist. After pursuing a degree in economics, he started his career as a creative artist at an advertising agency. He received recognition for his second feature film "Unishe April" which won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film.

Radiation damage

Radiation damage is the effect of radiation on non-living things, such as buildings. Sometimes, radiation can have a positive effect on these materials, but sometimes, radiation damages them. Ionizing radiation can strip electrons from bonds, changing materials a lot. For example, metals are made stronger and harder by radiation, but they become less ductile. 

Radiation can have many different effects on a material, ranging from mild alteration to massive changes in a material's structure. These effects include:. 
Radiation damage effects can also be grouped by what material they're effecting. 

Radiation can have harmful effects on metals and concrete, because it can damage them until they are no longer safe to be used. In metals, exposure to radiation can make them stronger through hardening, it can also make the metals more brittle (making it easily fractured, broken, or cracked). Concrete is often used in nuclear power plants, meaning it is an area of frequently studied (in relation to radiation damage). Over time, certain aggregates (types of gravel, sand, and crushed stone added to materials) can swell due to radiation exposure, making it unsafe. 

Radiation can effect polymers that are found in a variety of places, including nuclear reactors, medical apparatus, and aerospace parts. Ionizing radiation can be used to strengthen and change the traits of these polymers. 

Exposure to radiation causes chemical changes in gasses. Gasses lack a strong structure, meaning most often the effects on them are chemical. There are also often large amounts of ozone produced during nuclear reactions. During nuclear reactions and events, such as criticality events, the ionizing radiation in the air can often react with the area around it, producing a bright blue glow. 

Like gases, liquids do not have a strong structure. Instead, chemical bonds are broken within the liquids, altering their chemical composition. The effects of radiation on liquids, as a result, are generally limited to radiolysis.

Batman family

The Batman Family or Bat Family for short is a network of likeminded crimefighters who operate in and around Gotham City, with Batman as its head. They appear in American comic books published by DC Comics.

The group usually are seen interacting with one another and assisting in each other's cases in their respective series. When a new vigilante emerges in the city Batman deduces their identity relatively quickly. Although some members occasionally resent Batman’s intrusion into their lives, all respect him as a legend within the superhero community and rarely challenge his authority.

Most of the members also have a strong rapport with the Dark Knight due to their long and close relationships with him over the years, and consider him a close friend as well as ally.

In a 2002 storyline in which Bruce Wayne, Batman’s secret identity, is accused of murder, Batman's friends gather to prove his innocence. It has also been implied through Batman's history that this network serves as a surrogate family for Batman and keeps him from slipping too far into his ruthless vigilante persona.


The Silver Age of comics saw the first real establishment of the Bat-Family.


Following Crisis on Infinite Earths, many members of the Bat-Family were progressively phased out. It would progressively grow larger over time however.



Opinion polling for the 2028 Philippine presidential election

This article covers opinion polling for the 2028 Philippine presidential and vice presidential elections. Opinion polling in Philippines is conducted by Social Weather Stations (SWS), Pulse Asia, and other pollsters. Poll results are listed in the table below in reverse chronological order. The front-runner is in bold. Those that are within the margin of error are in "italics".


Seema Pahwa

Seema Pahwa (née Bhargava; born 10 February 1962) is an Indian actress and director known for her comedic characters in films and television. She is the recipient of several awards including a Filmfare Award and a Filmfare OTT Award.

Superman Family

Superman Family is the name often given to Superman's family (not to be confused with the Kent Family or House of El) and superhero allies. They appear in American comic books published by DC Comics.


Mutual Nuclear Deterrence

Mutual Nuclear Deterrence refers to the theory that if two parties both threaten nuclear conflict, neither will engage in it. This became a commonly used strategy during The Cold War. Deterence theory itself is defined as any use of threats in order to maintain the status quo. The stability–instability paradox is an important part of mutual nuclear deterrence. This paradox states that if two parties both have powerful nuclear weapons, the chances of war between them greatly decreases. This is because parties generally want to avoid nuclear conflict, so they neither start large conflicts nor allow small conflicts to grow into large ones.

According to Kenneth Waltz, there are three requirements for successful nuclear deterrence:


The idea of mutual nuclear deterrence has been critiqued. This is because of the idea that the people who make decisions are always rational. It has been argued that it does not consider the emotional effects of the chances of a conflict happening, which can lead to irrational choices.

Leader (character)

The Leader (Samuel Sterns) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character first appeared in "Tales to Astonish" #62 (December 1964), created by writer Stan Lee and artist Steve Ditko as the archenemy of the Hulk.

He was a simple American worker in a chemical plant in a menial capacity until an accident working with radioactive material bombarded him with gamma radiation, turning his skin green and making his head grow. The radiation increased his intelligence to genius-level along with his ego and ambition to match. This led him into conflict with the Hulk becoming his self-proclaimed arch-enemy. Having died and being revived several times, the Leader became obsessed with the afterlife, having experimented with the Green Doors and learned of the existence of the One Below All and the Below-Place, though all of this would culminate in him being possessed and then ripped out of the entity, powerless and reduced to a normal human. In spite everything he had done, the Hulk forgave Sam and returned him to the Earthly Plane.

The character has been adapted from the comics into various forms of media, including television series and video games. Samuel Sterns made his cinematic debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movie "The Incredible Hulk" (2008), portrayed by Tim Blake Nelson, and will return in "" (2024). In 2009, the Leader was ranked as IGN's 63rd Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.

Duke University Hospital

Duke University Hospital is a 957-bed hospital and an academic tertiary care facility located in Durham, North Carolina, United States.

Made in 1930, it is the main teaching hospital for the Duke University Health System, a network of physicians and hospitals serving Durham County and Wake County, North Carolina, and surrounding areas, as well as one of three Level I referral centers for the Research Triangle of North Carolina (the other two are UNC Hospitals in nearby Chapel Hill and WakeMed Raleigh in Raleigh). It is affiliated with the Duke University School of Medicine.

Samuel García (politician)

Samuel Alejandro García Sepúlveda (born 28 December 1987) is a Mexican politician. He is a member of the Citizens' Movement party. He became Governor of Nuevo León in 2021. He was a senator from 2018 to 2021. He is a candidate for President of Mexico in the 2024 election.

Eduardo Verástegui

José Eduardo Verástegui Córdoba (; born May 21, 1974) is a Mexican actor, singer and conservative activist. He was part of the band Kairo. He had movie roles in "Chasing Papi", "Bella", and "Little Boy".

His political ideas have been seen as ultra-conservative and far-right. 

In September 2023, he became an independent candidate for President of Mexico in the 2024 presidential election.

Victoria Villarruel

Victoria Eugenia Villarruel (born 13 April 1975) is an Argentine politician, lawyer, and activist who is the 38th and current Vice President of Argentina since 2023. She is the founder and president of a civil association called the Center for Legal Studies on Terrorism. She was a member of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies from 2021 to 2023.

Villarruel successfully ran as the running mate of Javier Milei in the 2023 general election.

Pseudophilautus lunatus

The Afro-Asian tree frog ("Pseudophilautus lunatus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Handapan Ell Plains, in the eastern part of the Sinharaja World Heritage Site, 1270 meters above sea level.

One adult female frog was 40.9 m long from nose to rear end. There are black spots near the eyes and white color on the chin. The skin of the frog's back is red-brown in the middle and gray-brown with black marks on the sides. The belly is gray-white in color. The toes are dark gray in color, and the tops of the toes have some yellow color.

Many parts of the frog's eye are brown in color.

This frog is critically endangered. There are very few of them. Scientists say this is because human beings change the places the frog lives to make farms, to make places for animals to eat grass, and to get wood to build with and because pollution and chemicals meant to kill pests and make crops grow can kill this frog. However, scientists say that even though there are only a few frogs, the number of frogs is staying the same, not getting smaller. 

Ted Kord

Theodore Stephen <nowiki>"Ted"</nowiki> Kord is a fictional character from Charlton Comics and later acquired by DC Comics. He was the second hero to call himself Blue Beetle, successor to Dan Garrett and predecessor to Jaime Reyes. Garrett was his mentor and he vowed to take up the crime-fighting legacy, although when he found himself unable to activate the Blue Beetle Scarab he turned to science and martial arts instead. He is one of the smartest men in the DC Universe, and puts his inventions to public use through Kord Industries. He has been a member of Justice League International, the Living Assault Weapons and the Birds of Prey. His most enduring partnership is with his best friend Booster Gold.

"Ted Kord" was created by Steve Ditko and Gary Friedrich for Charlton Comics, first appearing in "Captain Atom" #83 (1966).

Captain America's shield

Captain America's shield is a fictional item appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. It is the primary defensive and offensive piece of equipment used by Captain America, and is intended to be an emblem of American culture.

The most well-known of his shields is a disc-shaped object with a five-pointed star design in its center, within blue, red, and white concentric circles. This shield is composed of a unique combination of Vibranium, steel alloy, and a third catalyst that has never been duplicated called Proto-Adamantium. It is virtually indestructible. It is as much an offensive weapon as a defensive one for Captain America. Cap uses it against his enemies, mainly, by throwing it at them and can perform mind-bogglingly impossible tricks with it.

Over the years, Captain America has used several shields of varying composition and design. His original heater shield first appeared in "Captain America Comics" #1 (March 1941), published by Marvel's 1940s predecessor, Timely Comics. The circular shield best associated with the character debuted in the next issue, "Captain America Comics" #2.

Silvia de Tapia

Silvia de Tapia (born 5 January 1940) is a Mexican archer. De Tapia competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Adolfo González

Adolfo González Jiménez (born 27 September 1962) is a Mexican archer. González competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics, the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Gary Leschinsky

Gary Leschinsky is an American student and inventor who has gained recognition in the medical device industry for his notable contributions to the fields of allergy awareness, education, and invention.

From the age of 7 years old, Leschinsky demonstrated an interest in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math), particularly in inventions that could solve real-world problems. He currently pursues his interests in STEM at the Davidson Academy Online, an online secondary school based in Reno, Nevada.

Leschinsky is most known for his development of the "A-Watch for Allergies" at the age of 8 years old. This is a device designed for the early detection and notification of allergic reactions. For his notable contribution to the advancement of research in early food allergy detection, Leschinsky was inducted in 2016 into the National Gallery for America's Young Inventors at the National Museum of Education. 

Leschinsky's invention, developed to assist individuals unable to communicate their symptoms effectively, received a United States Patent in 2019 (patent number US10213150B2)​​​​.

Leschinsky's medical invention led him to present to the investors of Shark Tank in a kid inventors segment. In addition, another one of his inventions, the "Nose and Earmuffs" was presented on The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon. In November of 2023, Leschinsky presented a TEDx Talk at Nashua High School South.

Leschinsky is also known for his notable achievements in chess. He started chess lessons at the International Chess Academy of New Jersey and rapidly improved his skills. In December of 2022, he was ranked #10 for all US 14-year-olds by the United States Chess Federation​​.

Pandia (moon)

Pandia is a moon of Jupiter. One Pandian year is 252 days. This satellite of Jupiter got its name after the greek goddess of the sun.

Pilate stone

The Pilate stone is a block of carved limestone with a inscription on it. The inscription likely attributes and mentions Pontius Pilate, a prefect of Roman Judaea from around AD 26 to AD 37. It was discovered at the ancient city of Caesarea Maritima in 1961. The block is significant because it has a inscription carved in the 1st century which mentions the word or name "Pilate", likely referring to Pontius Pilate.

The inscription on the block is mostly unreadable.

Those are what the readable parts of the inscription read: 

Vaccinium uliginosum

The Vaccinium uliginosum is the scientific name for bog bilberry, bog blueberry, northern bilberry, western blueberry. The Vaccinium uliginosum is an Eurasia and North American plant in the group Vaccinium. It lives in cold temperate areas. You can eat the berries raw or cooked, you can also make jelly and pies with it. It can grow to 10-75cm tall with round stems. It has oval leaves with blue-green veins.

List of football stadiums in Austria

This is a list of Austrian football stadiums. 

List of Austrian football stadiums

This is a list of Austrian football stadiums. 

Black Widow (Natasha Romanova)

Black Widow (Natalia Alianovna "Natasha" Romanova) is a fictional character in the Marvel Comics universe. The character was introduced as a Russian spy, an antagonist of the superhero Iron Man. She is the second character who have assumed the mantle of Black Widow. She later defected to the United States, becoming an agent of the fictional spy agency S.H.I.E.L.D., and is the only female member of the Avengers.

Created by editor and plotter Stan Lee, scripter Don Rico, and artist Don Heck, the character debuted in "Tales of Suspense" #52 (April 1964).

The character has appeared in numerous forms of media, such as animated television series, video games, and films. In animation, she is voiced by Laura Bailey. Scarlett Johansson portrayed Natasha Romanoff in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movies "Iron Man 2" (2010), "The Avengers" (2012), "" (2014), "" (2015), "" (2016), "" (2018), "Captain Marvel" (2019), "" (2019), and "Black Widow" (2021), with Lake Bell voicing the character in the animated series "What If...?" (2021).

Blue Beetle (Dan Garrett)

Dan Garret, or Dan Garrett is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Fox Comics, Holyoke Publishing, Charlton Comics, and DC Comics. He was the first Blue Beetle during the Golden Age. He was a vigilante who got powers using Vitamin 2X, and fought crime with a sidekick named Sparky. Charlton Comics reimagined him as Dan Garrett in the Silver Age. He is portrayed as an archaeologist who gains powers from a Blue Beetle Scarab found in Egypt. His student and successor is Ted Kord, although Jaime Reyes is the next to use the Scarab.

"Dan Garrett" was created by Charles Nicholas, first appearing in the Fox publication "Mystery Men Comics" #1. (1939)

Black Widow (Yelena Belova)

Yelena Belova (Russian: Еле́на Бело́ва) is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. She is depicted as a spy and was the second modern-era character to use the Black Widow name. Originally created by Devin Grayson and J.G. Jones for "Marvel Knights: Wave 2 Sketchbook" #1 (January 1998), Belova made her first appearance in "Inhumans" vol. 2 #5 (January 1999) by Paul Jenkins and Jae Lee. She was trained as a spy and assassin in the Red Room. Originally, Yelena was a foe of Natasha Romanova and was sent to kill her, but the two later became allies. She was also a member of S.H.I.E.L.D., Vanguard, and HYDRA; the latter organization changed her into a version of Super-Adaptoid. As Super-Adaptoid, she was one of the members of the High Council of A.I.M. After being freed from her Super-Adaptoid identity, Belova reverted back to her old Black Widow identity before adopting the codename White Widow.

Florence Pugh portrays the character in the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "Black Widow", the miniseries "Hawkeye" (both 2021), and the upcoming movie "Thunderbolts" (2024).

Gyan Chand Jain

Gyan Chand Jain (1923-2007) was an Indian writer and scholar of Urdu literature. Born in 1923 at Seohara of Bijnore district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh, Jain was known for his scholarship on Ghalib literature. 


 
Pseudophilautus fulvus

The knuckles shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus fulvus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in the Knuckles Mountains, between 450 and 1220 meters above sea level.

State flags

In vexillology, a state flag is either the flag of the government of a sovereign state, or the flag of an individual federated state (subnational administrative division).

Robert Jermain Thomas

Robert Jermain Thomas ( 17 September 1840disappeared 31 August 1866) was a Welsh Protestant Christian man who served as a missionary with the London Missionary Service spreading the gospel in China and Korea. While serving as a missionary in China, Thomas developed a strong desire to work as a missionary in Korea, among it's peoples. At the time, Korea was closed to foreigners because of the government's fear of foreign influence on Korea. Many Koreans had been converted by Catholic priests in the end of the 18th century, but the government had around 8,000 of those converts killed. 
Robert Jermain Thomas was born 17 September 1840, in Rhayader, Powys, Radnorshire, Wales, United Kingdom. In 1863, Thomas married a woman named Caroline Godfrey. 
Thomas and his newly married wife Godfrey went as missionaries to China with the London Missionary Service to spread the gospel to the Chinese people. Four months after their arrival in Shangai, China, his wife Godfrey suffered a miscarriage and died afterwards from the consequences in 1865. 
31 August 1866 was the day that the Americans had begin launching attacks on Korea. An American ship not far from the shores of Korea began attacking the shores and some towns of Korea. Some civilians were wounded and killed due to the attacks. In response to the attacks, Korea began attacking the American ships that attacked them. This started a conflict between Korea and the United States. Meanwhile, Robert Jermain Thomas was in Korea. 
The entire conflict lasted two days. Two days after the attack began, the Americans having a damaged ship due to the Korean attacks had surrendered on 2 September. After those attacks, Roman Jermain Thomas was not seen again. It is possible that he died due to the attacks. He was last seen on 31 August 1866 (the day that the conflict had began). He was later declared a proclaimed martyr of Korea.
Maria Jesus Contreras

Maria Jesus Contreras (born 1993) is a Chilean illustrator and graphic designer. 

Contreras was raised in Temuco, Chile. 

She studied graphic design at the Pontificia Universidad Católica de Chile. 

She has contributed to numerous international media outlets, including The New York Times, New York Magazine, The New Yorker, Berliner Zeitung, the Los Angeles Times, The Atlantic, and Texas Monthly. 

In 2022, Contreras was awarded YoungGuns International Award Winner.

Office of the Vice President of the United States

The Office of the Vice President is the executive office of staff members who support or advise the vice president of the United States. The chief of staff to the vice president runs the office. 

It is in the Eisenhower Executive Office Building. There are also offices for the vice president in the West Wing of the White House, the United States Capitol and the vice president's residence.

Office of the First Lady of the United States

The Office of the First Lady is the staff that helps the First Lady of the United States. The Office of the First Lady is a part of the White House Office. It is in the East Wing of the White House.

Jannatul Ferdous Ivy

Jannatul Ferdous Ivy is a well-known filmmaker, writer, and human rights activist from Bangladesh. She is the executive director of the NGO "Voice & Views". She is recognized for her strong advocacy for the rights of marginalized groups, especially women with disabilities and burn survivors. Ivy's impactful work earned her a place in the "BBC 100 Women 2023," acknowledging her as one of the most influential women worldwide.

Ivy has an impressive educational background, including a Bachelor of Social Science (BSS), a Master of Arts in English Literature, a degree in Development Studies, an LLB, and a Diploma in Social Compliance. These qualifications have equipped her to contribute effectively to policy advocacy and social justice.

Besides her academic achievements, Ivy is passionate about English Literature, Film Studies, and Photography. Her creative pursuits inspire her to use storytelling for positive change and raise awareness about important issues. Ivy's dedication to creative endeavours and social justice work has gained her respect in Bangladesh's film and human rights communities.

Ivy's advocacy work is personal to her because she has a physical disability from burns. Her own experiences have motivated her to advocate passionately for the human rights of women with disabilities. Through her work with "Voice & Views" and other organizations, Ivy strives to create a more inclusive and just world for everyone. She promotes accessibility and opportunities for disabled women while raising awareness about their unique challenges and needs.


Irri

Irri is a village in the Isoko South Local Government Area of Delta State, Nigeria.

1913-14 Austrian football championship

The 1913-14 Austrian football championship was organized by the "Lower Austrian Football Association". Only teams from Vienna and the Vienna suburbs played in the championship. Instead of the relegation games, direct promotion and relegation was introduced for the first time. After the second division champions had always been defeated in the relegation games to the first division in previous seasons, First Vienna FC wanted to introduce an automatic promotion and relegation. The Lower Austrian Football Association approved this request. At the end of the season First Vienna FC was in last place in the table and immediately protested against this regulation. The association rejected the protest. Vienna founded its own rival association, the "Football Union of Austrian Nations" ( FUAN). Some clubs from Austria and Bohemia joined the association. The union was dissolved after two years.

A championship was also held in Styria, in which Carinthian clubs could take part, which was organized by the "Deutsch-Alpenländischen Fußballverband" (DAFV).

Alfonso Jones

Alfonso Jones Kleiner (born 8 March 1951) is a Mexican archer. Jones competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Eduardo Magaña

Eduardo Avelino Magaña Portillo (born 10 March 1984) is a Mexican archer. He competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Savage Garden (Savage Garden album)

Savage Garden is the debut studio album by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and was released on 4 March 1997 by Columbia Records and Roadshow Music. It topped the album charts in Australia, New Zealand and Sweden and made the top 10 in Australia, Canada, Denmark, Finland, France, Norway, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States. It won the 1998 ARIA Music Award for Highest Selling Album.

All tracks are written by Darren Hayes and Daniel Jones; all tracks is produced by Charles Fisher, except where noted

Turn Back Time (Aqua song)

"Turn Back Time" is a 1998 song by Aqua and is the sixth single from their debut studio album "Aquarium". It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 2 in New Zealand and Hungary, number 10 in Australia, number 14 in Canada and Belgium, number 26 in the Netherlands, number 42 in Germany, number 19 in Italy and Austria and number 4 in Sweden and Ireland. It was used in 1998 movie "Sliding Doors".







Rahul Kohli

Rahul Kohli (born 13 November 1985) is an English actor. He is best known for his television roles as Dr. Ravi Chakrabarti in "iZombie" (2015–19), Owen Sharma in "The Haunting of Bly Manor" (2020), Sheriff Hassan in "Midnight Mass" (2021), and Napoleon Usher in "The Fall of the House of Usher" (2023).


Hekari United F.C.

Hekari United Football Club is a Papua New Guinean professional men's soccer club based in Port Moresby. It was founded in 2006 and plays in the Papua New Guinea National Soccer League (PNGNSL).

Hekari United is one of two clubs that has won the PNGNSL, the other being Lae City. Hekari United has won the PNGNSL eight times, while Lae City has won it nine times.

Hekari United one of two Oceanian clubs outside Australia and New Zealand to have both won the OFC Champions League and to have played in the FIFA Club World Cup, both in 2010. The only other Oceanian club to have done this is Hienghène Sport, which plays in the New Caledonia Super Ligue.

Lae City F.C.

Lae City Football Club is a Papua New Guinean professional soccer club based in Lae. It was founded in 2014 and plays in the Papua New Guinea National Soccer League (PNGNSL).

Lae City is the most successful soccer club in Papua New Guinea, having won the PNGNSL nine times. It is one of only two clubs to have ever won the PNGNSL, the other being Hekari United who won the first eight PNGNSL titles before Lae City won their first title in 2015 and have won every season since.

Lae

Lae () is the capital of Morobe Province and the second-largest city in Papua New Guinea.

Madang F.C.

Madang Football Club was a Papua New Guinean professional soccer club based in Madang. It played in the Papua New Guinea National Soccer League (PNGNSL).

The club was founded in 2006 and was one of the five founding members of the PNGNSL. In 2019, the club folded and merged with the Tusbab Stallions. Although it never won the PNGNSL, it finished second twice.

Darryl Worley

Darryl Wade Worley (born October 31, 1964) is an American country music singer and songwriter.



April, April!

April, April! is a 1935 German comedy movie directed by first time director Douglas Sirk. It stars Albrecht Schoenhals, Carola Höhn, Erhard Siedel, Lina Carstens, Charlott Daudert, Hubert von Meyerinck, Werner Finck and Hilde Schneider.

Chris Sievey

Christopher Mark Sievey (born 17 November 1953) was an English singer, musician and record producer, known for the lead singer and guitarist of his backing band the Freshies in the late 1970s and early 1980s and for his comic persona Frank Sidebottom from 1982 onwards.

Sievey, under the guise of Sidebottom, made regular appearances on North West television throughout the late 1980s and early 1990s, even becoming a reporter for "Granada Reports". Later, he presented "Frank Sidebottom's Proper Telly Show in B/W" for the Manchester-based television station Channel M. Throughout his career, Sidebottom made appearances on radio stations such as Manchester's Piccadilly Radio and on BBC Radio 1 and BBC Radio 5, alongside Mark and Lard.

Sievey grew up in Salford, Manchester, England.

In 1967, when he was 14, Sievey began writing and recording his own music, and by the age of 15 was playing in local bands. In 1969, he hitch-hiked to London with his brother, staging a sit-in at the Apple Records HQ, demanding to see one of The Beatles. When they were asked to leave they insisted on recording something, and were booked into the studio after playing a song to head of A&R Tony King. Sievey subsequently recorded several demos, which he sent to record companies, receiving many rejection letters which he later compiled into a book. He was an attendee to saw Dr. Feelgood and Kilburn and the High Roads concert in December 1974. Unable to get a deal, he set up his own punk band Bee Knees in November 1976.

Bee Knees released two albums in June 1977 and November 1977, "Girl in My Blue Jeans" and "All Sleeps Secrets" and their debut single "I'm Her Man" in May 1977. Bee Knees disbanded in February 1978. In March 1978, Sievey, along with musician for Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias and John Cooper Clarke, John Scott and record producer Martin Hannett, provided lyrics for "Jilted John" a song featuring music performed by post-punk performer and comedian Jilted John.

In March 16, 1978, Sievey formed his backing band the Freshies, with Barry Spencer (born 1956; vocals, guitar), Rick Maunder (born 1955; vocals, bass), Paul Whittle (born 1955; drums), and Bob Dixon (born 1956; vocals, keyboards). They supporting Elvis Costello on his UK tour in March to April 1978. In June 1978, He signed to Stiff Records. Invited by Dave Robinson to participate in the forthcoming Be Stiff Route '78 Tour in 1978, Sievey quickly recorded his first album for Stiff, "Rough 'N' Ready", was produced by Pete Shelley, which contained "I'm in Love with the Girl on the Certain Manchester Megastore Checkout Desk", "Heart to Heart", and another Top 20 hit, "No Money". Sievey's musical style combined his own quirky inventions with punk and power pop styles. A string of singles and four albums were released between 1978 and 1981. Chris Sievey's biggest UK hit was "I'm in Love with the Girl on the Certain Manchester Megastore Checkout Desk", released initially on Stiff label (BUY 36). The record peaked at No 34 in November 1978. They had commercial success in England with "Yellow Spot" and "No Money".

Sievey released further singles, "Wrap Up the Rockets" and "I Can't Get Bouncing Babies", and also although commercially successful in England, they failed to make the national charts.

The following year he had a solo release, "Camouflage", with the A-side a song, and the B-side being computer programming.


"Released either on cassette or CD-r"

Albums

Ramla

Ramla, also called Ramle (Hebrew: רמלה; Arabic: الرملة) is a mixed city of Arabs and Jews in the Central District of Israel. It is 2 kilometers south of Lod, 16 kilometers southeast from Modi'in Maccabim Re'ut, and 6 kilometers northeast of Rehovot.

It serves as the capital of the Central Distirct of Israel, being located in the southeast of the district. It is the second most Arab populated city in the district, with 15,100 people in 2011, while Lod being first with 19,800 in the same period.

It is the center of Karaism, a Jewish religious movement based on the "Tanakh" as the supreme authority in "halakha" (jewish religious laws). Many Jews from Karachi emigrated in Ramla, thus building their own synagogue called"; Magain Shalome Synagogue." The population mainly believes in 2 religions; Judaism and Islam, as Islam existing way before the Judaism had influence, during the Islamic Golden age in the early 8th century.

A main significance of Islam in Ramla is the White Mosque, which was mostly destroyed in 1034 by an earthquake, then being rebuilt eventually in 1047. Thus the first construction, it was constructed again in 1190 by building on the western side of the Mosque. In around 1267–1268, the Mosque was modified by adding a minaret, dome, pulpit, prayer niche and two halls. The minaret was renovated in 1318 after an earthquake. In 1408, the Malmuks ordered restoration works. The last restoration of the Mosque took between 1844–1918, after that most of the Mosque was demolished except for its minaret.
Ramla was founded in around 705 to 715 AD by the Umayyad (modern-day Syria) prince Sulayman ibn Abd al-Malik, replacing "Lydda" (Lod), the original provincial capital of the Muslims. He saw the city as an advantage for economics due to it's strategical location, thus being attacked many times by the Muslims, while they only succeeded twice. A few centuries later, in the Fatimid period it served as the capital of Palestine. It's role as a capital was shortly ended after the First Crusade came in 1099. The city got it's name through the word "ramil" (Arabicː رمل) which means 'sand', from the sandy terrain it was located in.

In 750, the Abbasids conquered many parts of the Middle East, including mainland Israel, thus getting control of the city. They demolished many properties of the Umayyads. They ruled during the golden age of Ramla, when they took control of Jeruslaem as a trade center. The golden age also existed during the previous Umayyad dynasty. However reconquered the city a second time between 905 and 969, which 10 years later in 979 the city was demolished by the Jarrahids, a branch of the ancient Banu Tayy tribe.

In 1101, the Crusades took control after the First "Ramla" War against the Fatimids, making the Muslim population leave. They made Ramla a city of major economic importance and an important station for pilgrims traveling to Jerusalem. They identified it with the bibical city of Ramathaim, thus naming it "Arimathea". One year later, in 1102, the "Second" Ramla War occurred and the Fatimids won the war, having much more strength than the Crusades, thus taking control of the city in the same day the battle occurred. Later, in 1105 the Crusades won thus retaking the city. The Malmuk unsuccessful wars led to the War of Yibneh (Modern day Yavne) in 1123, which the Crusades won again.

In 1889, 31 Jewish families migrated to Ramla, thus making them the first Jews in Ramla, which didn't have them until this timeline. When the British Mandate came, they made the "Ramle" subdistrict (Southeast part in the Central District today), which was located near the "Jaffa" subdistrict. After the 1948 Palestine War the Ramle subdistrict became part of the Central District which exists to this day.

Before the Arabs were expulsed because of the wars in 1948, Ramla had a major Arab demographic, thus after the explusion the Jews claimed the major demographic. Today, there are around 76% Jews and 24% Arabs in Ramla, being one of the mixed cities in the center and all Israel, which is more common in the Northern District and Galilee which has Arab majority demographics. Examples are Ka'abiyye-Tabbash-Hajajre, Sakhnin and Nazareth.


Lalit Prabhakar

Lalit Prabhakar is an Indian film, television and theatre actor predominantly working in the Marathi film industry. He is best known for his role as Aditya Desai on the popular daily soap "Julun Yeti Reshimgathi" and his debut film as main actor in the film "Chi Va Chi Sau Ka".


Gujjar Singh Bhangi

Sardar Gujjar Singh Bhangi (died early 1790) was a Sikh warrior and one of the triumvirates who ruled over Lahore prior to the leadership of Maharaja Ranjit Singh.

Rishabh Shukla

Rishabh Shukla ("R̥ṣabha Śuklā") is an Indian film and television actor and a voice-dubbing artist, who speaks Hindi as his mother tongue language. On television he is most known for his role of Maharaj Shantanu in "Mahabharat" (TV series) (1988–1990)


 

Nirmal Chettri

Nirmal Chettri (born 21 October 1990 in Melli, Sikkim) is an Indian footballer who plays mainly as a defender and last played for Southern Samity in the Calcutta Football League.

Sai Bennett

Sai Naomi Bennett (born 30 May 1990) is an English actress and model. She began her career in modeling and gained prominence through her roles in the film "The Face of an Angel" (2014) and the ITV period drama "Mr Selfridge" (2014–2015). She has since appeared in the Starz series "The Spanish Princess" (2020).


Jo Vermast

Jo Vermast (born 29 September 1981 in Ostend) is a Belgium football midfielder who currently plays for KV Kortrijk. He joined MVV in 2007, he came from K.V. Kortrijk.

Neha Bhasin

Neha Bhasin (born 18 November 1982) is an Indian singer and songwriter. She is known for her playback work in Bollywood, Tollywood, Kollywood and independent songs in the genre of Indian pop and punjabi folk music. Bhasin has received seven Filmfare nominations across different languages and won two Filmfare Awards for her songs ‘‘Jag Ghoomeya’’ (Hindi) and ‘‘Paani Ravi Da’’ (Punjabi).

 

Shashikala Kakodkar

Shashikala Kakodkar (7 January 1935 – 28 October 2016), popularly known as Tai; ), was a prominent leader of the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP). She served as the Chief Minister of Goa, Daman and Diu on two occasions, and also was the President of the Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party.

Hawkeye (Clint Barton)

Hawkeye (Clinton Francis <nowiki>"Clint"</nowiki> Barton) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by writer Stan Lee and artist Don Heck, and first appeared in "Tales of Suspense" #57 (September 1964). He is the first character to take on the mantle of Hawkeye. He a former circus worker and criminal-turned-hero, who received his archery skills as a young boy through training with Swordsman and Trickshot. Barton had eventually joined both the East Coast and West Coast branches of the Avengers, even leading at one time.

The character has appeared in television series, action figures, and video games. In live-action, Clint Barton is played by actor Jeremy Renner in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) franchise.

Goutam Deb

Goutam Deb (born 6 January 1957) is an Indian Politician currently serving as the Mayor of Siliguri Municipal Corporation. He was a Cabinet Minister of Department of Tourism in the Government of West Bengal from 2016 to 2021. He also served as the Minister of North Bengal Development, a newly formed department in 2011 by Mamata Banerjee, the first woman Chief Minister of West Bengal.

Hawkeye (Kate Bishop)

Hawkeye (Katherine Elizabeth <nowiki>"Kate"</nowiki> Bishop) is a fictional superheroine appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was created by writer Allan Heinberg and artist Jim Cheung, and first appeared in "Young Avengers" #1 (April 2005). She was a regular civilian, with considerable archery skills, who happened to cross paths with the Young Avengers on a mission, eventually inviting herself onto the team. She became Barton's protégé and they both operates under Hawkeye name simultaneously.

The character is played by singer and actress Hailee Steinfeld in the Marvel Cinematice Universe (MCU) miniseries, "Hawkeye" (2021) and a cameo appearance in "The Marvels" (2023).

Black Widow (Marvel Comics)

Black Widow is the name of several fictional characters appearing in American comic books published by Marvel Comics. Most of these versions exist in Marvel's main shared universe, known as the Marvel Universe.

The most notable characters who have assumed the mantle of Black Widow over the years are Claire Voyant, Natasha Romanova, and Yelena Belova; as well as some alternative versions. The character has been associated with several superhero teams such as the Avengers, the Defenders, the Champions, S.H.I.E.L.D., and the Thunderbolts.

She was one of the superheroes who fought in World War II. Claire was a spirit medium who communicated with the dead. She was possessed by Satan while having a seance with the Wagler family. During the seance a curse was place on the family then died in a car crash. One of the survivors James Wagler went to Claire's apartment and shot her in her apartment. Her soul went to hell Satan gives Claire mystical powers and sends back to earth to avenge her death. After killing James Wagler Claire became tasked to kill evil men and send their souls to hell.

She is a highly trained and former Russian spy, who was originally an antagonist of Iron Man and other heroes. Eventually becoming a superheroine, she defected to the United States and became the partner of Captain America, Daredevil, Winter Soldier and Hawkeye. In addition, Black Widow became an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. and later the superhero group, the Avengers, where she also acted as a co-leader during the Onslaught saga. Since her tenure as a superhero and adventurer, she has been a member of numerous groups, such as the Lady Liberators, Marvel Knights, Mighty Avengers, Champions of Los Angeles, and the Posse.

She is depicted as a spy and was the second modern-era character to use the Black Widow name. She first appeared in Inhumans #5 and was created by Devin Grayson and J.G.

She is the second character to use the Black Widow codename in the Ultimate Marvel continuity, debuting in "Ultimate Comics: Avengers" #3.

The Ultimate version of Jessica Drew is a female Spider-Clone who uses by the Black Widow alias.

The futuristic 2099 version of Black Widow is an African-American woman named Tania. She operates as part of the Avengers 2099 at the Alchemax corporation's behest. Like black widow spiders, she literally eats her mates after having sex with them.

The character has been adapted to different forms of media, such as television series, movies, video games, and action figures. In live-action, she has been portrayed by actresses Scarlet Johansson, Florence Pugh, and Rachel Weisz; all of them set in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU).

Anton Cargnelli

Anton Cargnelli (1 February 1889 - 27 June 1974 ) was an Austrian football player and football coach. He won the Austrian championship once with Wiener AF in the 1913-14 season. He also played one match for the Austrian national football team As coach he won the Scudetto, the Italian championship, with FC Torino in 1928 and 1940 with Ambrosiana-Inter. 
He was the son of an Italian father and grew up in Vienna. Cargnelli started playing football in the Rennweger SV youth team in 1901. He came to SC Germania Schwechat via AC Viktoria Wien. He played there as forward. In 1910 he joined the newly founded Wiener AF. There he now played as defender. In the 1913/14 Cargnelli's team won the championship. In the following season, the WAF reached second place in the championship, which was overclouded by the beginning of the war.

In 1919 he returned to the Germania Schwechat. He again played as a striker . At the same time Cargnelli took over the training of all the teams. In 1921 he ended his active career.
In May 1909, Cargnelli played his only game in the Austrian national team in a 1-1 draw against Hungary in Budapest. He was in the forward line with Karl Beck.

After he had already worked as a player-coach at the end of his playing career, he took a coaching career. He first took sports science courses in Germany . Then he took coaching positions in Cologne, Idar-Oberstein and Dortmund. For half a season he trained SK Admira WienThen he coached FC Mühlburg in 1924/25. This was followed by a year in Romania. He then moved to Italy, where he spent the rest of his coaching career.

His first stop was FC Torino, with whom he was able to win the championship title in 1928. In 1929 the Turin team lost in the final to AGC Bologna. After the introduction of Serie A, Cargnelli moved to the second division club US Palermo for three seasons. This was followed by working for US Foggia and AS Bari. In 1934 he returned to Torino. Two more years in Bari followed before Cargnelli accepted an offer from Milan and moved to Ambrosiana. There he won the Italian Cup with his team in 1939 and became Italian champions the following year with players .

During the war years he again looked after Torino. Hee was runner-up once and was involved in building the team that would later become famous as Grande Torino. After the end of the war, Cargnelli spent two more seasons at Lazio and Bologna before Cargnelli ended his career at third division club US Alessandria Calcio.

Feldhues Group

Feldhues Fun Foods GmbH is a German-Irish meat making and packing company. Their meat contains printed pictures of characters which can be requested by a customer.

They were found in the 1960s by Bernhard Feldhues. They opened in the town of Metelen in 1978. Billy Roll was introduced in 1986 at IFFA in Frankfurt and Billy Bear was given to the public. Happy Tractor and Happy Fox were added to their product family in 2017. The meat is made in Monaghan at their factory in Ireland.

In 2005, Greencore bought the company but did not show much interest in it. The machinery was later sold.

Pictures of the meat was posted on Reddit. They are called "face meats” and Billy Roll became known as “meat clown".


Ade Adekola

Ade Adekola (born 1966), is a conceptual artist. known as a photographer, painter, textile artist, digital artist. He lives in Lagos.

Whisps

Whisps is an American cheese and snack brand. 

Ilana Fischer worked for Schuman Cheese in 2015 and she started the brand with Costco.

In 2021, John Ghingo, originally from Applegate Farms became the owner. Later they held a contest where one had to eat the snack for a year, and the winner was paid $10,000. Later they came out with Cheese Crumbs and a nuts mix.

In 2023, they introduced a Buffalo flavor, and Cheese And Pretzel Bites to the product line.


Ayo Akínwándé

Ayo Akínwándé is a Nigerian contemporary visual artist. known vivid multimedia drawings and works on paper.

Selected solo exhibitions:


Pran Sukh Yadav

Pran Sukh Yadav (Rao Sahab) was a military commander from behror in Alwar district of Rajasthan which was part of Ahirwal region and under the control of Ahir ruler of Rewari. He was a revolutionary of the Indian Rebellion of 1857 and as a close friend of Hari Singh Nalwa and the Punjab ruler Maharaja Ranjit Singh. Later during the First Rebellion of India in 1857 he fought along with Rao Tula Ram of Rewari against Britishers in Battle of Nasibpur.

OMFG (musician)

Loell Bergen also known as Alex Savage or OMFG is a British-Canadian songwriter and online streamer. His most known songs are "Hello" and "I Love You". He currently has over 1 million subscribers, and his mascot Toasty is featured in song covers. He was believed to be a woman named Kylee Boettcher until he came out as his real self.

In 2014, he released a song called "Hello" which received attention on YouTube. 

In 2015, he released "Yeah", "I Love You", and "Ok" as singles. He briefly convinced the public he was a woman named Kylee Boettcher until he revealed his real identity and wished there were more female musicians in the scene.

In 2016, he released two songs, "Jelly" and "Pancakes".

He used to have a TikTok account under the name "talkboxguy" but it was closed in February 7, 2021.

Loell no longer releases music under OMFG due to a disagreement and claim by Kylee that Loell acted inappropriate toward her. 

Singles


Ice Spice

Ice Spice is an American rapper from New York City.

Murder Drones

Murder Drones is a computer-animated web program created by Liam Vickers and produced by Glitch Productions. The program follows the journey of Uzi, a worker teen robot. Set in a dystopian planet known as Copper 9 where humans has disappear and Worker Drones who were left behind must keep themselves save from Disassembly Drones.

The pilot for the program was released on October 29, 2021 and made over almost twenty million views. The program was greenlit on February 18, 2022 and was the program was released on November 18, 2022.


Pseudophilautus ocularis

Pseudophilautus ocularis is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in the Sinharaja World Heritage Site, between 1060 and 1270 meters above sea level.

Bentkey

BentKey is a Children's Streaming Service created by The Daily Wire. It has cartoons like ChipChilla, starring Rob Schneider and James Arnold Taylor. It also has the shows Runes, A Wonderful Day with Mabel McClay, Kid Explorer and Kid FIt GO. It is also making a Snow White movie with Brett Cooper called Snow White and the Evil Queen.

Poor Poor Pitiful Me

"Poor Poor Pitiful Me" is a 1976 song by Warren Zevon and was taken from his second studio album "Warren Zevon". It was a top 40 hit for Linda Ronstadt in 1978 and Terri Clark in 1996 for her second studio album "Just the Same". In 2004 Jackson Browne and Bonnie Raitt covered it for the Warren Zevon tribute album.

Cornish Rex

Cornish Rex is a breed of cat. It has no hair. It is orginated from United Kingdom.

History begins with a kitten born around 1950 in Cornwall. The kitten is described as a male with cream-colored fur named Kallibunker, having an unusual appearance, namely curly hair. hen it grew up, the owner mated it again with its mother. From the mating of the child and the mother, a male kitten and a female kitten were born, both with curly hair. The female was named Lamorna Cove and the male was named Poldhu. Lamorna Cove was then taken to America and crossed with a Siamese cat there. Thus a cornish rex kitten was born.

The cornish rex has an appearance that is very similar to the devon rex. However, the mutation process that occurs in them is much different, so it is forbidden to cross between these two types of cats. Cornish rex is a type of cat that does not cause allergies. This is not because of its short fur, but because the rex cornish body produces far fewer allergens than other types of cats.

Cornish rex coat colors and patterns are very diverse. According to the established standard, these cats can have solid colors (white, black, brown, orange, blue, purple, and cream), all types of tabby colors, two-tone, smoke, and color dots as in the Siamese standard.

Cornish Rexes tend to be playful and cheerful well into their old age. Some cats of this breed enjoy playing, running races and performing acrobatic jumps. They are also known to be adventurous and highly intelligent. Easily adapting to new environments, curious, and happy to explore the place it inhabits, so the they can be found inside the washing machine or sitting on top of the refrigerator.


Thrust vectoring

Thrust vectoring is the ability of an aircraft to change the direction of its thrust to control its attitude and motion. It is achieved by using movable nozzles that can deflect the exhaust gas from the engine(s) in various directions. This allows the aircraft to perform maneuvers that would be impossible with conventional aerodynamic controls alone.

Killed by Death (song)

"Killed by Death" is a 1984 song by British heavy metal band Motörhead and was taken from their compilation album "No Remorse". It went to number 51 in the United Kingdom and was not found on any of their studio albums but found on their 1984 compilation album.

All tracks written by Lemmy, Würzel, Phil Campbell and Pete Gill.

I'll Be Your Shelter

"I'll Be Your Shelter" is a 1990 song by Taylor Dayne and is the third single from her second studio album "Can't Fight Fate". It went to number 4 in the United States and Australia, number 43 in the United Kingdom, number 33 in New Zealand and number 1 in Canada. It is a departure from her dance genre scene with more pop rock sounding.

Kaitlyn Maher

Kaitlyn Ashley Maher (born January 10, 2004) is an American singer and actress, best known for being the Youngest Top 10 Finalist on "America's Got Talent" and for her roles in movies, such as "The Search for Santa Paws", "", "Free Birds", and the "PupStar" series.

Maher was born in Novi, Michigan and currently lives in Ashburn, Virginia.

Juan Carlos Manjarrez

Juan Carlos Manjarrez (born 1 December 1980) is a Mexican archer. Carlos Manjarrez competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Erika Reyes

Erika Reyes (born 13 October 1973) is a Mexican archer. Reyes at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Full Gear (2023)

Full Gear (2023) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view made by All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was held on November 18, 2023 at the Kia Forum in Inglewood, California. It was the fifth Full Gear event to take place.

The main event of the show saw MJF defeat Jay White to retain the AEW World Championship. After MJF left the arena in an ambulance after suffering an injury during the pre-show match, Adam Cole said that he would defend MJF's AEW World Championship for him. Before the match started, MJF drove the ambulance back to the arena and decided to defend the title himself. When the referee was distracted, MJF hit White with his Dynamite Diamond Ring and pinned him to win the match and retain his title.

Another notable match was a bloody and violent Texas Death match between "Hangman" Adam Page and Swerve Strickland. There was some controversy in the match for a spot where Page stapled his son's drawing to Strickland's face, ripped it off and then drank Strickland's blood before spitting it into the air. Strickland would win the match after wrapping a chain around Page's neck and hanging him until Page passed out. Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" rated the match 5 stars out of 5.

Before the event, AEW owner Tony Khan said that he would be announcing a major signing for the company. During the event, it was announced that Will Ospreay had signed a contract to become a member of the AEW roster. Osprey would become a member after finishing up his contract with New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) in February 2024.

2020-21 Austrian football championship

The 2020-21 Austrian football championship was the 109th season of this competition. The highest division is the Austrian Bundesliga, which will be held for the 47th time this season . There are twelve teams for the third time since the 2018/19 season. 


Blau-Weiß Linz, the champion of the 2nd league, voluntarily gave up promotion. FC Liefering as farm teams of FC Red Bull Salzburg was not allowed to promote. The 3rd of the Second league, SK Austria Klagenfurt played 2 relegation matches versus SKN St. Pölten.

3 Years to Become a Ravermaniac

3 Years to Become a Ravermaniac is the debut studio album by DJ Hooligan. The album was released on February 8, 1995.


Boris the Spider

"Boris the Spider" is a 1966 song by English rock band The Who and is the second track from their second studio album "A Quick One". It was written by The Who's John Entwistle.

Itirapina

Itirapina is an Brazilian municipality in the state of São Paulo. 18,387 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 565 km. The elevation is 770 m.

The municipality has 56% of the Itirapina Ecological Station, created in 1984.

Tietê, São Paulo

Tietê is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. In 2020, 42,517 people lived here. Its area is 392,509 km².

It is the birthplace of the former President of the Republic Michel Temer.

Downdrafts

Downdrafts, also known as a high pressure area, clear sky area, etc. Downdrafts are winds that diverge into the ground, this can form in the atmosphere. Downdrafts are caused by a force of an invisible rotating continuously sinking to the ground, forming a downdraft. Downdrafts are usually an opposite of an Updraft, This leads the absence of clouds and precipitation, known as an Anticyclone; a continuously, invisible sinking rotating area.(for the downdraft) The cause of this is by High pressure areas, which they indicate clear skies, sunny days often come (in weather forecasts) lasting for days or weeks. It may also cause Heat wave, and due to high temperature, causing the body to struggle to regulate its temperature.

When a high pressure area is surrounded by a low pressure area, a weather phenomenon appears. due to this, when a depression or cyclone has a path leading to the downdraft area, or a group of large clouds that are low by their pressure, head towards the downdraft area, the Low pressure area becomes deflected by the Coriolis force. Large circulation scale of winds are at the center. After the formation, They are somehow large. A lack of these downdraft areas causes depressions to go where they head towards, These high pressure areas will never get updrafts, but 100% getting downdrafts. They are stationary.

These places of downdrafts cause dry weather, frequent sweats, infrequent outside activities, etc. When they go over land, Fog can form overnight, and a clear sky with no single cloud at the center. If it gets rid of your area, your place is gonna finally have clouds, which is better. Cause of extreme heat, Everybody will suffer from very high temperature, then they might even faint too, they also indicate fair weather and Droughts too.


Itapira

Itapira is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. 75,234 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 518 km².

Milene Domingues

Milene Domingues Aganzo, born on June 18, 1979, is a former Brazilian soccer player who played in the midfield position.

She was born in São Paulo and played in a futsal team for models organized by the Flash Book modeling agency.. In 1994, this team formed the basis for a new women's team at SC Corinthians. 
She ended her playing career with CF Pozuelo de Alarcón. The ex-model holds the women's record for ball juggling. Until Keira Walsh moved to Barcelona for £400,000 in 2022, Domingues was the most expensive female football player in Spain, costing over £200,000. She ranked second globally, behind Pernille Harder, who was bought for £250,000.0
On the international stage, she played for the Brazil women's national football team in the 2003 FIFA Women's World Cup. Her inclusion was somewhat surprising, and coach Paulo Gonçalves noted that she wasn't a top pick, stating, "Milene is coming with us, but she's like the 19th or 20th player." Even though Milene wasn't in great shape, Brazil's team selectors thought she would be noticed by the media and the public. . However, she didn't get to play in any of the four matches, and Brazil was eventually eliminated in the quarter-finals..

She did get a chance to play in Brazil's next match in April 2004, which was an unofficial friendly against the Texas A&M Aggies women's soccer team at the Aggie Soccer Stadium, under their new coach René Simões..

She was married to football star Ronaldo from April 1999 to September 2003 and they have a son named Ronald. who was born in Milan, on 6 April 2000. Because she was married to Ronaldo, some fans called her "Ronaldinha," but she didn't like it and wanted to be called Milene or Mika instead. Later, Domingues married Spanish footballer David Aganzo. She is a Buddhist.


São José do Rio Pardo

São José do Rio Pardo is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. 55,124 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 419 km².

Magnificat BWV 243 / Cantata &quot;Ich habe genug&quot; BWV 82

Magnificat BWV 243 / Cantata "Ich habe genug" BWV 82 is the debut studio album by Johann Sebastian Bach. The album was released on January 18, 1995.


Vinhedo

Vinhedo is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. 80,111 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 81.60 km².

Pradópolis

Pradópolis is an Brazilian municipality in the state of São Paulo. 21,873 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 167 km².

Palmares Paulista

Palmares Paulista is an Brazilian municipality in the state of São Paulo. 13,486 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 82.1 km².

Presidente Prudente

Presidente Prudente is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. 230,371 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 562.8 km². It is named after the president Prudente de Morais.

Batatais

Batatais is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. 62,980 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 850 km².

Angical do Piauí

Angical do Piauí is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Piauí.

Presidente Bernardes, São Paulo

Presidente Bernardes is an Brazilian municipality in the state of São Paulo. 13,023 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 749 km².

Pseudophilautus papillosus

Pseudophilautus papillosus is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in the exactly one place: Handapan Ell Plains, 1270 meters above sea level.

2021–22 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2021–22 season was the 89th season for the Austrian football club FC Red Bull Salzburg. They won the double (championship and cup). In the UEFA Champions League they reached the round of 16 for the first time in history.

Hinduism in Pakistan

Hinduism is the second biggest religion in Pakistan, with about 2.14% of the population being Hindus. This is around 4.4 million people, according to the 2017 Pakistani census. However, the Pakistan Hindu Council says there are 8-10 million Hindus, making up 4% of the population. The Umerkot district has the highest percentage of Hindus, with 52.2% of the population being Hindu. The Tharparkar district has the most Hindus in total, with 714,698 people.

Most Hindus in Pakistan live in Punjab and Sindh. They speak different languages like Sindhi, Gujarati, Tamil, Seraiki, Aer, Dhatki, and others. In rural Sindh, the diversity of beliefs often makes it hard to strictly define Hinduism, Sikhism, Buddhism, and Islam. Even though Pakistan is mostly Muslim, Sindh has a strong Hindu heritage.

Momeyer, North Carolina

Momeyer ( ) is a town in Nash County, North Carolina. It is part of the Rocky Mount, North Carolina Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population of the town was 277 in the 2020 census.

Spanaway Junior High School shooting

A gunman opened fire at Spanaway Junior High School in Spanaway, Washington, on November 26, 1985. The attack left two people dead (two students). 

Police identified the alleged shooter as 14-year-old Heather Smith, who killed herself right after the shooting.

Ahmadiyya in Pakistan

Ahmadis in Pakistan are people who follow the Ahmadiyya religion or sect. There are different estimates, but they make up a small percentage, between 0.22% and 2.2%, of Pakistan's population. Pakistan has the largest number of Ahmadis in the world, numbering between 2 to 5 million. Rabwah in Punjab used to be their main headquarters before it was moved to England. The Ahmadiyya movement started in Qadian, and after Pakistan gained independence, Ahmadis moved to Rabwah. Some well-known Pakistanis who were Ahmadis include Abdus Salam, the country's first Nobel Prize winner, and Muhammad Zafarullah Khan, Pakistan's first foreign minister.

Ahmadis in Pakistan mainly live in the Punjab province, but you can also find them in big cities like Karachi, Islamabad, and Peshawar. Most Ahmadis belong to a united group called the Ahmadiyya Muslim Community (AMC), led by the Khalifa. There's another group called the Lahore Ahmadiyya Movement, but it's smaller, representing less than 0.2% of all Ahmadis in Pakistan and the entire world.

Kalimantan

Kalimantan is the Indonesian part of the island of Borneo. It's 73% of the island's area being 539,237.77 square kilometers (208,201 sq mi) and has about 72.1% of the population, which was around 23 million in 2020. The rest of Borneo belongs to Brunei and East Malaysia. In Indonesia, "Kalimantan" means the whole island of Borneo. The Indonesian Kalimantan is divided into five provinces. It used to be one province until 1956 when it split into three – East Kalimantan, South Kalimantan, and West Kalimantan. In 1957, Central Kalimantan became its own province. Then, on October 25, 2012, North Kalimantan separated from East Kalimantan, making it five provinces.

In 2019, Indonesia's President Joko Widodo suggested moving the capital to Kalimantan, and in January 2022, the Indonesian government agreed to the idea. The move is expected to take around 10 years.

Kalimantan is a big place, covering 539,237.77 square kilometers. The three main groups of people there are the Banjarese, Dayak, and Javanese, making up 26.31%, 21.78%, and 18.18% of the population. Most people follow Sunni Islam (87%), but there's also a significant Christian population (10%).

Nellie Bowles

Nellie Bowles is an American journalist. She used to work for The New York Times and wrote about Elon Musk and other people involved in technology. She was also very critical of Dr. Jordan Peterson. Bowles is a lesbian and married to Bari Weiss. Bowles converted to Judaism after marrying Weiss. Bowles works with Weiss at her website, The Free Press. When Steven Crowder's wife accused him of Emotional abuse, Bowles said that Crowder was finally getting " his comeuppance.

Crossodactylus werneri

Crossodactylus werneri is a frog. It lives in Brazil. People have seen it in parts of Serra da Mantiqueira in Minas Gerais, Rio de Janeiro, and São Paulo.

Polypedates

Polypedates is a genus of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae, subfamily Rhacophorinae. People call them whipping frogs in English. They live in eastern and southern Asia.

Scientists have disagreed about whether these frogs should be called "Polypedates" or "Rhacophorus". molecular phylogenetic studies show that they are two different groups of frogs and not the same group. "Polypedates" and "Taruga" are considered to be the sister taxon of "Feihyla" and "Rhacophorus".

These species are in the genus "Polypedates", and scientists find more often:


The recently described "Polypedates bijui" has now been renamed as "Beddomixalus bijui", the only species in its genus.

Pyron & Wiens (2011) say that the frogs are related to each other this way. 8 species are included. "Polypedates" is a sister group of "Feihyla". Together, "Polypedates" and "Feihyla" form a sister group to "Rhacophorus".
Another group of scientists, Kuraishi, et al. (2013), say the frogs are related to each other this way. "Polypedates" and "Rhacophorus" are estimated to have split off from their most recent common ancestor 26.6 million years ago during the Oligocene. 

Great Seal of the Philippines

The Great Seal of the Philippines (Filipino: "Dakilang Sagisag ng Pilipinas)" is a special mark used on important government papers in the Philippines. It can be the physical seal or the design on it. The law says that the President of the Philippines takes care of the seal. According to Republic Act No. 8491, the Great Seal should be round and have the same design as the national Coat of Arms. Around the arms, there's a double circle with the official name of the Philippines in Filipino. The color of the arms doesn't matter, but it should be shown in a specific way. The Great Seal must also have the national motto of the Philippines. It's put on all commissions signed by the President and other important papers of the Philippines, as needed by the law or tradition. The President keeps the Great Seal.

Bhagavata Mela

Bhagavata Mela is a classical Indian dance that is performed in Tamil Nadu, particularly the Thanjavur area. It is choreographed as an annual Vaishnavism tradition in Melattur and nearby regions, and celebrated as a dance-drama performance art. The dance art has roots in a historic movement of practitioners of Kuchipudi, another Indian classical dance art, from Andhra Pradesh to the kingdom of Tanjavur.

The term "Bhagavata", state Brandon and Banham, refers to the Hindu text "Bhagavata Purana". "Mela" is a Sanskrit word that means "gathering, meeting of a group" and suggests a folk festival. The traditional Bhagavata Mela performance acts out the legends of Hinduism, set to the Carnatic style music.

Harshita Saxena

Harshita Saxena was crowned Pantaloons Femina Miss India Earth 2008 in Mumbai on 5 April 2008. She had participated in the contest as a regional contestant in Goa and was selected for the main event in December 2007. She was allowed a direct entry to the Miss India 2008 finals on 5 April 2008 as a regional winner.


Rogan josh

Rogan josh (), also spelled roghan josh or roghan ghosht, is an aromatic curried meat dish originating from Kashmir.

Suman Rao

Suman Ratan Singh Rao (born 23 November 1998) is an Indian model and beauty pageant title holder who was crowned Femina Miss India 2019. She represented India at the Miss World 2019 pageant in ExCeL London in United Kingdom, and was crowned as the 2nd runner-up and as Miss World Asia.

Ashok Banker

Ashok Kumar Banker (born 7 February 1964 in Mumbai, India) is an author and screenwriter. His writing spans crime thrillers, essays, literary criticism, fiction and mythological retellings. The author of several well-received novels including a trilogy billed as "India's first crime novels in English", he became widely known for his retellings of Indian mythological epics, starting with the internationally acclaimed and best-selling eight-volume "Ramayana" Series.

 
Armando Sadiku

Armando Durim Sadiku (born 27 May 1991) is an Albanian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Indian Super League club Mohun Bagan SG and the Albania national team.


Sarla Thukral

Sarla Thukral (8 August 1914 – 15 March 2008) was the first Indian women to fly aircraft.

Shalu Kurian

Shalu Susan Kurian is an Indian actress who has worked in Malayalam and Tamil-language television productions. She is known for her work on the television series "Chandanamazha", which aired on Asianet.

Raghav Juyal

Raghav Juyal (born 10 July 1991) is an Indian dancer, choreographer, actor and television presenter. He is known as the "King of Slow Motion" for his surreal dance moves in slow motion style and for his reinvention of the Slow Motion Walk in India."" He was a contestant on "" (2016).


Ganesh Acharya

Ganesh Acharya is an Indian choreographer, film director, and actor who prominently works in Bollywood.

He won the National Film Award for Best Choreography for his work on the songs "Hawan Kund" from Bhaag Milkha Bhaag (2013) and "Gori tu lath mar" from (2017). At the 61st Filmfare Awards, he was nominated for Best Choreographer for his song "Malhaari" from Bajirao Mastani (2015).


Aaryan Banthia

Aaryan Banthia (born 12 February 1994) is an Indian singer-guitarist, composer and record producer presently based in Mumbai, and linked with the Zee Music Company for his latest releases. He released his first single "Yaadein'" the year in October 2019.

Banthia was born12 February 1994 in Kolkata, West Bengal. At age 14, his father bought him an Indian made Hobner acoustic Guitar. He from Cardiff Metropolitan University in Wales, where he began performing as a singer at university venues. He then decided to become a professional musician. After returning to India, Banthia released his first single "Yaadein" with Zee Music Company.

Naveen-ul-Haq

Naveen-ul-Haq Murid (born 23 September 1999) is an Afghan cricketer. He made his international debut for the Afghanistan cricket team in September 2016.

Naveen made his first-class debut for Kabul Region in the 2018 Ahmad Shah Abdali 4-day Tournament on 7 March 2018.

In August 2019, Naveen was named in Afghanistan's Twenty20 International (T20I) squad for the 2019–20 Bangladesh Tri-Nation Series. He made his T20I debut for Afghanistan, against Bangladesh, on 21 September 2019. In September 2021, he was named in Afghanistan's squad for the 2021 ICC Men's T20 World Cup.

Sourav Mukhopadhyay

Sourav Mukhopadhyay (Bengali:সৌরভ মুখোপাধ্যায়; born 24 April 1973) is a Bengali author from India. He has written several Bengali stories and novels for both adults and children. He is mostly admired for his novel "Prothom Prabaho" (Bengali: প্রথম প্রবাহ ), 


Sourav won second prize at a competition for comic stories organized by "Desh". In 2010, he won first prize. in a similar competition, organized by "Kishore Bharati".

Sourav was awarded "Sandipan Chattapadhyay Sammanana (Krittibas Puroskar)", for his novel "Prothom Probaho."


Wael Ghonim

Wael Ghonim born 23 December 1980) is an Internet activist and computer engineer with an interest in social entrepreneurship.

Ghonim topped "Time" magazine's yearly list of the world's 100 most influential people. On 26 April, he arrived in New York to be honored at the 2011 Time 100 Gala ceremony where he began his speech with a moment of silence to mark those killed in protests around the Arab world.

On 3 May, World Press Freedom Day, Wael Ghonim was awarded with the Press Freedom prize from the Swedish division of Reporters Without Borders.

Ghonim also received the JFK Profile in Courage Award. On 23 May, Caroline Kennedy, daughter of President John F. Kennedy, presented the awards to Elizabeth Redenbaugh and Wael Ghonim, who was named a recipient on behalf of "the people of Egypt". Kennedy said she could think of no better recipients.

Paul Provenza

Paul Provenza (born July 31, 1957) is an American stand-up comedian and actor.

Provenza was born and grew up in the Pelham Parkway section of the Bronx, New York City. He graduated in 1975 from the Bronx High School of Science. In high school, he started performing stand-up comedy, making his stage debut at age 17 at the original The Improv in Manhattan. He continued performing while attending the University of Pennsylvania, taking a year's leave of absence to study in London at the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art.

In 1994, he joined the cast of "Northern Exposure" as Dr. Phil Capra, replacement for a rebellious Joel Fleischman (Rob Morrow). Due to haphazard scripts and schedule shuffling, the job was a less-than-ideal opportunity and "Northern Exposure" went off the air in 1995.

At around the same time, Provenza was involved in a Penn & Teller special entitled "Phobophilia: The Love of Fear". He would later work again with Penn Jillette as co-director of "The Aristocrats", a documentary tracing the life of an extremely off-color joke of the same name.


Forbidden Door (2022)

Forbidden Door (2022) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view co-promoted by All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). It was held on June 26, 2022 at the United Center in Chicago, Illinois. It was the first event to take place and the first event that AEW and NJPW have held together. This was also the first professional wrestling event held at the United Center since 2000 when World Championship Wrestling (WCW) held Spring Stampede in the arena.

The main event of the show saw Jon Moxley defeat Hiroshi Tanahashi to become the new interim AEW World Championship. Moxley would put Tanahashi in a rear naked choke before hitting his "Paradigm Shift" and getting the pinfall victory to become the new interim AEW World Champion.

During the event, Bryan Danielson announced Zack Sabre Jr.'s hand-picked opponent. The opponent was revealed to be Claudio Castagnoli who made his unannounced AEW debut. He would go on to defeat Sabre Jr. at the event after hitting him with his Ricola Bomb.

Forbidden Door (2023)

Forbidden Door (2023) was a professional wrestling pay-per-view co-promoted by All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). It was held on June 25, 2023 at the Scotiabank Arena in Toronto, Ontario. It was the second event to take place. The event was the first PPV held outside of the United States and NJPW's first PPV in Canada. This was also the first non-WWE professional wrestling event held at the arena since November 21, 1999 when World Championship Wrestling (WCW) held Mayhem at the then-Air Canada Centre.

The main event of the show saw Bryan Danielson defeat Kazuchika Okada. Danielson would trap Okada in an omoplata and then transfer into his LeBell lock to make Okada to tap out, getting the submission victory. During the match, Danielson suffered a legitimate fracture in his elbow after a top rope diving elbow drop from Okada landed on his arm.

The event recieved very positive receptions from fans and critics. The IWGP U.S. Championship match, International Championship match, 10-man tag team match, and Danielson-Okada main event all recieved praise. Dave Meltzer of the "Wrestling Observer Newsletter" rated the IWGP U.S. Championship match between Kenny Omega & Will Ospreay 6 stars out of 5, making it the highest rated match in AEW history at that time. Meltzer said that the match was one of the greatest matches in the history of AEW.

Antonio Sastre

Antonio Sastre (27 April 1911 – 23 November 1987) was an Argentine footballer who played most of his career for Club Atlético Independiente and São Paulo of Brazil. He is one of the 24 players inducted into the Argentine Football Association Hall of Fame. Sastre was an all-round midfielder who could play well almost anywhere on the pitch due to his intelligence and versatility. Sastre became famous as one of the most virtuoso players in history, playing in various sectors of the field, including as an improvised goalkeeper, and described as always performing great, no matter what position he played. He was effective on the wings, accurate as a striker, secure as a defender and always supportive of his teammates, being considered a modern player of the 1930s. Sastre is also known as one of the first true playmakers of the pre-war era and he is regarded as one of the best playmakers of all time. Sastre won 11 titles at club level, and 2 international championships with the Argentina national team. 

Antonio Sastre, born in 1911 in Lomas de Zamora, in the province of Buenos Aires, began his football career in Avellaneda with CA Independiente. The midfielder made 1931 league appearances for Independiente between 1942 with 340 appearances, scoring 112 goals. Antonio Sastre was part of Independiente's team in the 1930s, with players such as Arsenio Erico and Vicente de la Mata, who won the club's first ever Argentine championship in 1938. In the Primera División, they were in first place at the end of all matchdays, two points ahead of defending champions River Plate. The following year, they were able to defend this title and once again move to the top of the table, this time with a six-point lead over River Plate and CA Huracán, who are level on points. After that, the first great years of Independiente Avellaneda were over for the time being, it took until 1948 before the club could win a league title again. At that point, however, Antonio Sastre had not been at the Estadio La doble Visera for a long time. The playmaker left the club in 1942 after eleven years and 340 games in the league.

Antonio Sastre's new employer was Brazilian club FC São Paulo. The midfielder was under contract in Brazil for four years from 1942 to 1946. During these four years, Sastre won the title of the State Championship of São Paulo three times with his club. In 1943, 1945 and 1946 they were victorious in this competition. However, since there was no uniform championship in Brazil at the time, Antonio Sastre did not have the opportunity to add a Brazilian championship to his Argentine championship title. In 1946, Sastre returned to São Paulo after making 129 appearances in the state championship, scoring a total of 58 goals.

He then returned to his native Argentina, where he played for Gimnasia y Esgrima La Plata in the Primera B. With Gimnasia y Esgrima, Sastre finished his career in first place in the second division, which meant promotion to the Primera División. After the 1947 season in the second division, Antonio Sastre ended his football career at the age of 36.

Between 1933 and 1941, Antonio Sastre won a total of 34 caps for the Argentine national football team. He scored six goals in the process. In his national team career, Sastre managed to win the Copa América twice. At the Campeonato Sudamericano 1937 on home soil, they won the decider against Brazil 2-0 after extra time, which earned them their first title in the competition in eight years. Antonio Sastre celebrated a second success in the Copa América in the 1941 edition, when they secured first place in Chile with a two-point lead over their eternal rivals of those years, Uruguay. After this South American Championship, Antonio Sastre's national team career ended after 34 appearances. Like many other players of his generation, however, he was denied participation in a World Cup. Argentina competed in Italy in 1934 with only amateurs, after which it took 24 years before they reached the World Cup again.
Independiente

Sao Paulo

Gimnasia y Esgrima LP

Argentina

Injustice League

The Injustice League are a series of unrelated villainous counterparts to the Justice League. The team appear in American comic books published by DC Comics. Their original team was formed by Agamemno during "The Silver Age". Major Disaster led his own version of the team to fight Justice League International, although they were deputized by Maxwell Lord as Justice League Antarctica. Lex Luthor, the Joker and Cheetah established their own much larger organization as Injustice League Unlimited. The "Injustice League" were created by Keith Giffen and J.M. DeMatteis, first appearing in "Justice League International" #23. (1989) Historically, the first team called Injustice League of America, wasn't a DC Comics group, but a team of Dynomutt villains in the 14th episode of his TV show.

Flash (Jay Garrick)

Jay Garrick is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a speedster and the original super-hero known as the Flash. He was a Golden Age character who first appeared during World War II as a member of the Justice Society of America and the All-Star Squadron. His earliest adventures in Keystone City took place on Earth-Two, although he was introduced into mainstream continuity during the "Crisis on Infinite Earths". Garrick's career inspired his successor, Barry Allen to become the second Flash. They teamed up on many occasions, along with Kid Flash and other members of the Flash Family. As one of the oldest surviving super-heroes, he continues to fight against evil and acts as a mentor to the younger generation. Joan Williams is his wife of many years whom he currently lives with.

"Jay Garrick" was created by Gardner Fox and Harry Lampert, first appearing in "Flash Comics" #1 (1940).

he character made its live-action debut as a cameo in the television series "Smallville", played by Billy Mitchell. John Wesley Shipp later appears as a recurring character in the Arrowverse The CW television series "The Flash", and in a guest capacity in the unrelated television series "Stargirl".

Flash (Barry Allen)

Bartholomew Henry <nowiki>"Barry"</nowiki> Allen is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a speedster and the second superhero known as The Flash. In his secret identity he is a police officer working in Central City as a forensics specialist. His legacy is the Flash Family, he was inspired by Jay Garrick of the Justice Society and has been succeeded by Kid Flash (Wally West) and Impulse (Bart Allen). Barry's running generates the Speed Force, an enigmatic source of energy that all other speedsters tap into throughout time. There is an ever-present danger that as fast as he runs, he might lose himself as he approaches speeds closer to light, but his lightning rod is his wife Iris West. Although he died sacrificing himself to save the universe during "Crisis on Infinite Earths", he was resurrected during "Final Crisis" and is now working alongside the full Flash Family as of "Rebirth". He was also a founding member of the Justice League of America.

"Barry Allen" was created by Robert Kanigher, John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "Showcase" #4 (1956).

Barry Allen has been featured in several media, first appearing in animated form in the 1967 "The Superman/Aquaman Hour of Adventure" and then in the related "Super Friends" program. Since then he has appeared in several DC Universe Animated Original Movies. Actor John Wesley Shipp portrayed the character in the live-action 1990s television show "The Flash" and the Arrowverse. The character was portrayed by Grant Gustin in the Arrowverse shows in a main capacity, especially the 2014 television series "The Flash", while Ezra Miller portrayed the character in the DC Extended Universe movies "", "Suicide Squad", "Justice League", the director's cut "Zack Snyder's Justice League", the Arrowverse event "Crisis on Infinite Earths", the HBO Max series "Peacemaker", and the 2023 movie "The Flash".

Wally West

Wallace Rudolph <nowiki>"Wally"</nowiki> West is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a speedster, the original superhero known as Kid Flash and the third character known as The Flash. His mentor was the second Flash, Barry Allen, who took him on as a sidekick after accidentally duplicating an experiment that had given him powers. Iris West, his aunt, is married to Barry. As a member of the Flash Family he has also worked with the other Flashes, Jay Garrick and Bart Allen. Wally's wife is Linda Park, who he has dubbed his "lightning rod"; their love enabling Wally to be the first person to ever enter the Speed Force and return. Wally has two children with her, twins Jai and Iris. Wally first became the Flash after the "Crisis on Infinite Earths", but he has been working alongside the other three since the events of "The Flash: Rebirth". He is a founding member of the Teen Titans and a member of the Justice League of America.

In the "New 52" reboot, the cousin of the original Wally West with the same name appears, and is initially portrayed as a teenage delinquent meeting the Flash for the first time, and eventually goes on to gain Speed Force powers of his own. The original Wally West makes his return in "DC Rebirth" as The Flash, whilst his younger cousin becomes the new Kid Flash.

"Wally West" was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #110. (1960) "Wallace West" was created by Van Jensen, Robert Venditti, Ron Frenz, and Brett Booth, first appearing in "The Flash Annual" (Volume 4) #3. (2014)

Wally West has appeared in many other forms of media and was featured as the incarnation of the Flash in the Cartoon Network series "Justice League", voiced by Michael Rosenbaum, and the 2010 film "Justice League: Crisis on Two Earths", voiced by Josh Keaton. As Kid Flash, he appeared in Cartoon Network's "Teen Titans" series voiced again by Michael Rosenbaum and subsequently in the "Young Justice" series where he was voiced by Jason Spisak.

Kid Flash

Kid Flash is the name of several fictional superheroes appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. They are speedsters and sidekicks to The Flash, and members of the Flash Family. Their costume have the reverse color scheme of their mentor. Originally the character behind the mask was Wally West, the nephew of Barry Allen, who received his super-speed powers in an identical accident to his adult counterpart. West was Kid Flash for many years until Barry was killed during the "Crisis on Infinite Earths" and Wally graduated to assume his position. The second version is Bart Allen, a descendant of the Allen Family from the 30th Century who traveled back to our time as Impulse before graduating to his current title. The third and current version is Wallace "Ace" West, the cousin of the original Kid Flash, who has the same name as him. They have all been regular members of the Teen Titans while using this alias and the third has been a member of Defiance.

"Kid Flash" was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #110 (1959).

The Wally West Kid Flash was first adapted for live action in the Arrowverse family of TV shows, played by Keiynan Lonsdale.

Flash Family

The Flash Family is an informal group centered around the legacy of the Flash, a famous speedster and hero who protects Central City and Keystone City. They appear in American comic books published by DC Comics. Nine people have taken up the mantle of the Flash: Jay Garrick, Barry Allen, Wally West, Ivana Molotova, Eobard Thawne, Jesse Chambers, Bart Allen, Avery Ho and Hunter Zolomon.

Ricardo Rojas

Ricardo Rojas (born 4 April 1959) is a Mexican archer. Rojas competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Aída Román

Aída Nabila Román Arroyo (born May 21, 1988) is a Mexican archer. Román competed at the 2008, 2012, 2016, and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Mister Terrific (character)

Mister Terrific is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a super-hero legacy character, a man who's supposed to be great at everything. Terry Sloane was the original version, a self-made millionaire, olympic-level athlete and martial artist who became a vigilante during the Golden Age to fight crime and act as a good role model. Michael Holt is his successor, also the third smartest man on the planet. The character is associated with being a member of the Justice Society of America.

"Mister Terrific" was created by Charles Reizenstein and Hal Sharp, first appearing in "Sensation Comics" #1. (1942)

Edi Gathegi will play Michael Holt / Mister Terrific in the DC Universe (DCU) movie "Superman".

Tibetan script

The Tibetan script is a way of writing that is used for different Tibetic languages like Tibetan, Dzongkha, Sikkimese, Balti, Ladakhi, and Purgi. It's also been used for some languages not from Tibet but close to its culture, like Thakali, Sanskrit and Old Turkic. The printed form is called uchen script, and the cursive form used for everyday writing is called umê script. People use this writing system in the Himalayas and Tibet.

The script is closely connected to the Tibetan identity, which includes people from areas in India, Pakistan, Nepal, Bhutan, and Tibet. The Tibetan script comes from the Gupta script.

In Tibetan writing, the syllables go from left to right, and a mark called a tsek (་) separates syllables. Because many Tibetan words have only one syllable, this mark is almost like a space. They don't use spaces to separate words.

The Tibetan alphabet has thirty main letters, also called "radicals," for consonants. Like in other Indic scripts, each consonant letter has a built-in vowel, which is /a/. The letter ཨ is also the starting point for adding extra vowel marks.

Even though some Tibetan dialects have tones, the language didn't have tones when they made the script. There are no special symbols for tones. But because tones came from certain features in the language, you can usually tell the tone by looking at how Tibetan words were spelled in the past.

When the Tibetan alphabet is used to write languages like Balti, Chinese, and Sanskrit, they sometimes add or change letters from the regular Tibetan alphabet to show different sounds.

Bhinneka Tunggal Ika

Bhinneka Tunggal Ika (English: "It is different, [yet] it is one") is Indonesia's official national motto. It's written on the emblem of Indonesia, called the Garuda Pancasila. The phrase means "Unity in Diversity" in Old Javanese. This motto is also in Indonesia's Constitution, in article 36A. It talks about Indonesia being united and whole even though it has many cultures, languages, ethnicities, religions, and beliefs.

The words come from an Old Javanese poem called Kakawin Sutasoma, written by Mpu Tantular, a famous poet in Javanese Literature during the time of the Majapahit empire in the 14th century. King Rājasanagara, also known as Hayam Wuruk, was ruling then.

North Maluku

North Maluku is a province in Indonesia that includes the northern part of the Maluku Islands. It is surrounded by the Pacific Ocean to the north, the Halmahera Sea to the east, the Molucca Sea to the west, and the Seram Sea to the south. It shares borders with other Indonesian provinces and countries like North Sulawesi, Southeast Sulawesi, Central Sulawesi, Maluku, Southwest Papua, Palau, and the Philippines. The capital is Sofifi on Halmahera Island, and the largest city is Ternate. In 2010, about 1 million people lived there, but by 2020, the population increased to around 1.3 million.

In the past, North Maluku was a significant area with Islamic sultanates. When Europeans arrived in the 16th century, there was competition between the Portuguese, Spanish, and Dutch for control. Eventually, the Dutch took over and ruled for three centuries. During World War II, the Japanese occupied the region. After Indonesia became independent, North Maluku became part of the Maluku province.

The official establishment of the North Maluku province was in 1999, separating from Maluku. Ternate was its capital until 2010, when it moved to Sofifi. The economy mainly depends on agriculture, fisheries, and marine products like copra, nutmeg, cloves, and gold. Agricultural products include rice, corn, sweet potatoes, beans, coconut, and more.

In 2020, North Maluku had about 1.3 million people, and it's estimated to have grown a bit more in 2022. The largest population is in South Halmahera Regency, with over 248,000 people, followed by Ternate city with around 205,000. The smallest population is in Central Halmahera Regency with about 56,800. The region's average annual population growth is 2.07%, with Morotai Island Regency growing the fastest at 3.40% per year and Ternate growing the slowest at 0.96% per year. North Maluku is not very crowded, with 40 people per square kilometer in 2020. Ternate is the most crowded place with 1,840 people per square kilometer, while East Halmahera Regency is less crowded with only 14 people per square kilometer.

North Maluku has many different ethnic groups and languages—about 28 in total. They can be grouped into Austronesian and Papuan language families. Austronesian groups live in the central and eastern parts of Halmahera, while Papuan-speaking ethnic groups dominate North and West Halmahera. In the Sula Islands, there are more ethnic groups. Most people here can speak Ternate Malay.

The majority of people in North Maluku are Muslim, and there's a significant Christian (mostly Protestant) minority. A small part of the population follows Hinduism, Buddhism, or other religions. According to 2017 data, about 75% practice Islam, almost 24% are Protestant, and the rest follow Catholicism, Hinduism, Buddhism, or other beliefs.

Matti Charlton

Madison Matti Charlton (born July 6, 1990), known as Matti Charlton, is a Canadian music producer, author, and publisher. They are transgender and active in 2SLGBTQIA+ rights in Toronto.

Matti is a director of the Church Wellesley Neighborhood Association.

Matti was creative director of The Telephasic Workshop, an art studio in Toronto, and brought changes to the University of Toronto's Engineering Student Union (SKULE).

Winner of the LGBT Youth Line Award in 2004. Matti’s poetry collection “the cosmology of love” is ranked on BookAuthority’s list at number 50. Their writings can be found in the ArQuives, Canada’s National LGBTQ2S+ archives.

Matti authored the 2023 children’s book "You’re Mine", reviewed by Phil Paine, winner of the 2023 Dalton Camp Award.

Updraft

Updrafts lead to the formation of clouds.
Clouds that form in the air are called updrafts, known as converging air, are caused by the dew point. Warm water evaporates, then condenses, forming clouds. 

From the dew point, the water can evaporate to gas, called water vapor. Visible or invisible gas rises to the air, forming these cotton candy-like white or gray clouds in the air. 

Evaporation is caused by: 
1. Solar energy
2. Kinetic energy

After the warm, moist air reaches the atmosphere, it transforms. Condensation occurs when warm, moist air reaches where the clouds are, the air cools down then becomes a cloud. 

1. Cirrus cloud
2. Cumulus cloud
3. Stratus cloud

Precipitation clouds
1. Cumulonimbus cloud
2. Nimbostratus cloud

Middle-altitude clouds
1. Altocirrus cloud
2. Altocumulus cloud
3. Altostratus cloud

Dew points depend on evaporation and the point that something freezes, might be the most important item, the dew point is affected on air humidity, the more moisture, the higher the dew point.


Nanakshahi calendar

The Nanakshahi calendar is a solar calendar used in Sikhism. It's based on the "Barah Maha" (Twelve months), a composition by Sikh gurus that talks about natureal changes in the twelve-month cycle of the year. The year starts with the month of Chet, and 1 Chet is on 14 March. The calendar's starting point is the birth of Guru Nanak Dev in 1469 CE. It's called the Nanakshahi Calendar after the founder of Sikhism, Guru Nanak Dev Ji.

Following are the 12 months of the Nanakshahi Calendar:

Balinese saka calendar

The Balinese saka calendar is a Lunar calendar used by the Balinese people. It is one of two calendars used in Bali, Indonesia. Unlike the other 210-day Pawukon calendar, it follows the phases of the Moon and is almost as long as the solar year of the Gregorian calendar. The saka year has twelve months called 'sasih' in Balinese, each with 30 days. However, since the lunar cycle is a bit shorter than 30 days and the lunar year is 354 or 355 days long, the calendar is adjusted to stay in sync with the lunar and solar cycles.

The Balinese Hindu festival Nyepi, also called the day of silence, signals the beginning of the Saka year. On Tilem Kepitu, the last day of the 7th month, there is Siva Ratri, a night dedicated to the god Shiva. People who follow this tradition stay awake all night and meditate. Throughout the Saka year, there are 24 more ceremonial days, usually celebrated during Purnama.

Following are the 12 months of the Balinese Saka calendar:


More Johnny's Greatest Hits

More Johnny's Greatest Hits is a 1959 greatest hits album by Johnny Mathis. It was released on 22 June, 1959 through Columbia Records and went to number 2 in the United States. It contains mostly A-sides and B-sides.



On the UK version of "More Johnny's Greatest Hits", "Teacher, Teacher" was replaced with "The Best of Everything", which made its U.S. compilation debut five years later on "I'll Search My Heart and Other Great Hits".

San José del Cabo

San José del Cabo ("Saint Joseph of the Cape") is a city in the Baja California Sur state in southern Mexico. 136,285 people lived here at the 2020 census. San José del Cabo together with Cabo San Lucas are known as Los Cabos.

The two cities are served by Los Cabos International Airport.

Seyed Mohammad Ghasemian

Seyed Mohammad Ghasemian ( born April 4, 1995, Yasuj) is an Iranian writer, director, artistic director and producer of Iranian TV.

Seyyed Mohammad Ghasemian was born in Yasuj, Iran. He has a master's degree in theater directing and is currently a doctoral student in higher education management. Seyyed Mohammad Ghasemian started his professional career in television in 2014 with the special program of the Nowruz on the IRIB TV1. After that, Seyed Mohammad Ghasemian was able to create a successful experience for himself by working in the program "Asre Khanevade" of IRIB TV2.

The chosen photographer of the 8th International World Trade Conference (DECO 2015) 

Gómez Palacio, Durango

Gómez Palacio is a city in northeastern Durango, Mexico. It is near to the border of the state of Coahuila. The city was named in honor of Francisco Gómez Palacio y Bravo, former Governor of Durango. In 2010, 327,985 people lived there, which makes it the state's second-largest community.

Chilpancingo

Chilpancingo or Chilpancingo de los Bravo is the capital and second-largest city in the state of Guerrero, Mexico. In 2010, 187,251 people lived there.

Campeche, Campeche

Campeche or San Francisco de Campeche is the capital city in the state of Campeche, Mexico. In 2010, 220,389 people lived there.

AD 2101

2101 (MMCI) will be a common year starting on Saturday in the Gregorian calendar. Many upcoming events or what the world will look like have been predicted. It will be the 1st year of the 22nd century.

AD 2102

2102 (MMCII) will be a common year starting on Sunday in the Gregorian calendar. Many upcoming events or what the world will look like have been predicted. 

Funke Adeoye

Oluwafunke Adeoye (Popularly known as Funke Adeoye) is a Nigerian Lawyer, Human rights defender, and Social Innovator.
She is the Founder and Executive Director of Hope Behind Bars Africa, an organization that promotes human rights and criminal justice reforms using legal aid, research, evidence based advocacy and tech.

Funke pioneered Made in Corrections, a social enterprise aimed at preventing recidivism by empowering incarcerated women and young persons in Nigeria.

Adeoye was born in Port Harcourt, Rivers State, but she grew up in Lagos. She holds an LLB from University of Benin and has attended two flagship programs for non-profit leaders at Lagos Business School (LBS) and masters in International Human Rights Law at University of Oxford.

Adeoye started as a legal Associate at Olumide Sofowora SAN Chambers. She transited into the social justice space when she moved to Abuja and began volunteering for Amnesty International.

She founded Hope behind bars Africa in 2018, an organization that provides free legal services and direct support to indigent individuals in contact with the criminal justice system while promoting reforms through research, evidence-based advocacy and technology. Over 7,000 justice-involved individuals has benefitted from their interventions. She has championed several campaigns including the campaign to decriminalize poverty.

Funke facilitated the capacity development training of over 300 grassroot organizations on regulatory compliance. She also engaged the Upper Chamber of Nigeria’s parliament on the Companies and Allied Matters Act 2020, a legislation that could impact negatively on the civic space.

In 2021, after the ban on Twitter by Nigerian government's, she led the campaign at ECOWAS Court to uplift the ban.

She Co-authored “Legal Representation for Indigent Pre-trial Detainees” that gained recognition from Federal Ministry of Justice and Legal Aid Council.

She is a 2019 LEAP Africa Social Innovation Fellow, a 2022 CivicHive fellow and a One Young World Ambassador. She is also a (TFAA ) Future Africa Finalist for Advocacy , a 100 Leading Ladies Africa Honoree and a 2023 Acumen West Africa Fellow. She won the Dragons Den Prize at Unleash Plus Innovation Bootcamp in Mysore, India.

In 2023, She won Global Citizen Prize and was selected for the prestigious Mandela Washington Fellowship and was listed by Attic London as one of the lawyers changing the world for the better in 2020.

Funke christian faith positively impacts on her zeal to fight for incarcerated persons. She lives in Abuja, Nigeria, with her husband and two sons.

Heaven Knows (Robert Plant song)

"Heaven Knows" is a 1988 song by Robert Plant and is the leading single from his fourth studio album "Now and Zen". It went to number 33 in the United Kingdom, number 19 in New Zealand and number 32 in Australia. It topped the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart.

South Kalimantan

South Kalimantan is a province in Indonesia, located in the Kalimantan region of Borneo. It's the smallest province in this area. The capital was Banjarmasin until February 15, 2022, when it legally moved to Banjarbaru. About 4.18 million people lived there in mid-2022. The province is surrounded by the Makassar Strait to the east, Central Kalimantan to the west and north, the Java Sea to the south, and East Kalimantan to the north. It includes Pulau Laut, an island off the eastern coast of Kalimantan. South Kalimantan is the cultural center of the Banjarese people, the traditional inhabitants, and also home to other groups like the Dayaks and Javanese who migrated due to historical programs.

In the past, South Kalimantan was part of local kingdoms and later became tributes to the Sultanate of Mataram in the 17th century. It was then colonized by the Dutch East Indies and the Japanese Empire until Indonesia gained independence in 1945. South Kalimantan is often called the Land of Lambung Mangkurat, named after the second king of the Kingdom of Dipa, an early precursor to the Banjar Sultanate.

The Banjar Sultanate flourished in the early 17th century, mainly trading pepper, and regions of Borneo paid tribute to the Sultanate. Previously, Banjar paid tribute to the Demak Sultanate, but this changed after the fall of Demak and the rise of Pajang. Attempts by Java, led by Tuban in 1615, to conquer Banjarmasin failed due to strong resistance. Sultan Agung of Mataram expanded his power by defeating the northern coast cities of Java. In 1622, the Mataram Sultanate aimed to occupy kingdoms in south, southwest, and southeast Borneo.

The Dutch later took over the Banjar Sultanate's territory, placing it under the Residency of South and Eastern Borneo. During World War II, the Japanese invaded Borneo, capturing Bandjermasin, the capital. After the war, the Dutch recognized Indonesia's sovereignty in 1949, withdrawing from the region. South Kalimantan became part of the Indonesian province of Kalimantan, but in 1956, it was divided into West Kalimantan and South Kalimantan for greater autonomy for the Dayak population. The Indonesian Government approved this change in 1957, creating Central Kalimantan as the seventeenth province of Indonesia.

The largest group in South Kalimantan is the Banjar (74.34%), divided into three groups: Banjar Kuala, Banjar Pahuluan, and Banjar Batang Banyu. In 2010, there were 4.1 million Banjar people, with about 3 million living in South Kalimantan, 1 million in other Kalimantan provinces, and 500,000 outside Kalimantan. The Banjar originated from various rivers like Bahan, Barito, Martapura, and Tabanio, and they have migrated extensively across the archipelago and even to Madagascar.

The second-largest ethnic group is the Javanese (14.51%) living in transmigration areas. Another group, the Tionghoa Parit, is a sub-group of Chinese Indonesians residing in the Parit river area. The Chinese in Banjarmasin are known as Cina Parit by the Banjar people, and they live in Chinatown, including Pacinan Laut Village and Pacinan Darat Village.

The Dayak, the original inhabitants, are in the Meratus Mountains region and along the Barito River to Central Kalimantan. Islam is the main religion, followed by about 96% of the population. There are also Christian, Hindu, and Buddhist communities, along with the Kaharingan belief practiced by the Dayak people around the Meratus Mountains.

North Kalimantan

North Kalimantan () is a province of Indonesia. It is on the northernmost of Kalimantan, the Indonesian part of the island of Borneo. The capital city is Tanjung Selor and the largest city is Tarakan.

Tanjung Selor

Tanjung Selor is a city in Indonesia. It is the capital of the North Kalimantan province. 56,569 people lived here at the 2020 Census.

Central Papua

Central Papua is a province in Indonesia located in the central part of Western New Guinea. It was officially established on November 11, 2022, and covers an area of 61,072.92 km square. It shares borders with West Papua to the west, Papua to the north and northeast, Highland Papua to the east, and South Papua to the southeast. The administrative capital is in Wanggar District, Nabire Regency, with Timika being a larger town.

Central Papua is surrounded by seas in the north and south. Nabire, in the northern part, offers opportunities for marine tourism, featuring coral reefs, white sandy islands, and natural habitats for whale sharks. The southern part, mostly swampy terrain, includes the port of Amamapare and Timika, the largest town. The central region is marked by the Jayawijaya Mountains, housing the snow-capped Puncak Jaya, Indonesia's highest peak, and the Grasberg gold mine operated by Freeport Indonesia.

Since the 18th century, the Mimika region in western Papua has been influenced by the Tidore Sultanate's "Uli Siwa" on the south-west coast. The Koiwai, Kamoro, and Asmat groups played a significant role, engaging in trade for slaves, ironwares, clothes, and body ornaments. This influence introduced Moluccan titles and Islamic culture, like wearing turbaned hats and abstaining from pork until the 1950s.

The interior of Central Papua is home to tribes like Mee (Ekari) and Moni, known for traditional practices like farming, pig-raising, fishing, and feasting. They use mege currency made from shells. Discovered in the 1930s, these tribes lived around three large lakes—Paniai, Tigi, and Tage. The Dutch named the region Wisselmeeren but later adopted the name Paniai after the colonial era.

After the Round Table Conference in 1949, Dutch New Guinea became an overseas province, with Central New Guinea as one of its districts. In 1954, it was temporarily supervised by the Resident of Geelvinkbaai. In July 2022, Indonesian President Joko Widodo passed a law establishing Central Papua Province. The Wate Tribe community supports Nabire as the capital, with plans for a central government facility and a new airport in Wanggar. The airport project, initiated in 2019, faced delays due to budget shortages.

Nabire is home to coastal tribes like Yaur, Wate, Mora, Umari, Goa, and Yerisiam. In the mountainous areas, there are tribes like Moi, Mee, and Auye. The region around Paniai Lakes has tribes like Moni and Wolani. Moving east to the Jayawijaya Mountains, you find Amungme, Damalme, Wano, Dani, Lani, and Nduga. The southern part, Mimika Regency, is swampy and inhabited by Mimika (Kamoro) and Sempan. The population of Central Papua was around 1.4 million in the mid-2022 estimate, with about 87% following Christianity, 12% following Islam, and the rest practicing other religions like Buddhism and Hinduism.

São João, Paraná

São João is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Paraná.

Pinhão, Paraná

Pinhão is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Paraná.

Pinhão

Pinhão can mean:



Pinhão, Sergipe

Pinhão is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Sergipe.

Central Kalimantan

Central Kalimantan () is a province of Indonesia. It is one of the five provinces in Kalimantan, the Indonesian part of Borneo. The provincial capital is Palangka Raya.

Conceição de Macabu

Conceição de Macabu is a municipality in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro. 23,398 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 348 km².

Barra do Piraí

Barra do Piraí is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio de Janeiro. 100,764 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 578.471 km².

Silva Jardim

Silva Jardim is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio de Janeiro. 21,352 people lived here in 2022 and its area is 937 km².

Volta Redonda

Volta Redonda is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio de Janeiro. 273,988 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 182.81 km². Its name means "Round Turn" in Portuguese.

The largest steel company Companhia Siderúrgica Nacional (CSN) is in Volta Redonda.

Basco, Batanes

Basco is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Batanes. According to the 2020 census, 9,517 people lived there.

Basco is on the Batan Island, the second largest island of the Batanes Islands.

Pseudophilautus regius

The Polonnaruwa shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus regius") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it near Polonnaruwa.

San Canzian d'Isonzo

San Canzian d'Isonzo is a "comune" in the Province of Gorizia in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.

It is the birthplace of former football manager and player Fabio Capello.

Dolegna del Collio

Dolegna del Collio is a "comune" in the Province of Gorizia in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.

Cormons

Cormons is a "comune" in the Province of Gorizia in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.

Monfalcone

Monfalcone (; ) is a city in northern Italy. Monfalcone is in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia Region. About 30,000 people live there. About 30% in 2023 were foreign nationals, mostly Bangladeshi Muslims. 

The mayor has opposed proposals to build a mosque in the town. 

There is a large shipyard where cruise ships are built. 

It is the northernmost port city on the Mediterranean Sea.

Mariano del Friuli

Mariano del Friuli is a "comune" in the Province of Gorizia in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.

Badia, South Tyrol

Badia () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy. It is one of the five Ladin-speaking communities of the Val Badia.


Barbian

Barbian () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.


Brenner, South Tyrol

Brenner (; ) is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.


Burgstall, South Tyrol

Burgstall () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.


Bronzolo

Bronzolo () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy.


Polina Gagarina

Polina Sergeyevna Gagarina (born 27 March 1987) is a Russian singer and songwriter. In 2003, became famous in Russia when she won the singing reality TV show "Star Factory". Gagarina represented Russia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2015 with the song "A Million Voices". The song finished in second place. Gagarina has also been a judge on the Russian version of "The Voice". 

In March 2022, Gagarina performed in Moscow at an event celebrating the eighth anniversary of the annexation of Crimea and supporting the Russian invasion of Ukraine. She has been banned from entering Estonia and Latvia and a concert in Kazakhstan was cancelled.

Blenheim, New Zealand

Blenheim () is the most populous town in the Marlborough Region, in the northeast of the South Island of New Zealand. About 30,500 people live there. It is named after the Battle of Blenheim (1704), where troops led by John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough defeated the French and Bavarian soldiers.

Whakatāne

Whakatāne is a town in the Bay of Plenty Region in the North Island of New Zealand. It is east of Tauranga and northeast of Rotorua. The town is at the mouth of the Whakatāne River.

Whakatāne has an urban population of 16,850, making it New Zealand's 33rd-largest urban area and the Bay of Plenty's third-largest urban area, after Tauranga and Rotorua. Another 21,950 people live in the rest of the Whakatāne District.

Greymouth

Greymouth () is the largest town in the West Coast Region in the South Island of New Zealand. It is the capital of the Grey District Council. About 8,500 people live there.

Richmond, New Zealand

Richmond () is a town and the capital of the Tasman District Council in New Zealand. It is south of Nelson in the South Island, close to the extreme south of Tasman Bay. About 19,200 people live there.

Willich

Willich is a town in Viersen in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.


Minnesota Zoo

The Minnesota Zoo (formerly the Minnesota Zoological Garden), is a zoo in Apple Valley, Minnesota. It is one of two state-owned zoos in the United States, with the other being the North Carolina Zoo. When it opened on May 22, 1978, it was revolutionary in its exhibit design. The zoo is built in a suburban rural area and has more space for exhibits than a zoo in a city. It was one of the first zoos to organize its animals by their living environment and not according to their species. These animals all live in habitats designed to imitate their natural habitats.

The Minnesota Zoo is owned by the State of Minnesota. This differs from other zoos in Minnesota and most other zoos in the United States, which are run by municipalities or private companies. Although the Minnesota Zoo gets state funding, the zoo charges a fee for visitors and also sells yearly memberships to visitors, who then don't have to pay a fee at each visit.

A high school, the School of Environmental Studies, is located inside the zoo.

The exhibits are organized into six areas, including three walking trails ranging from one mile (1.6 kilometers) to two miles (3.2 kilometers) in length:


Philautus

Philautus is a group of shrub frogs. This group of species is in the family Rhacophoridae. They live in Asia. Some frogs in this genus are now extinct, meaning there are none alive now, but others live in large numbers. Scientists are not sure how the different frogs are related to each other or to other frogs.

These frogs never swim as tadpoles. They hatch out of eggs as froglets, or small frogs. Some frogs bury their eggs in soil. Others lay eggs on leaves.
In 2009, scientists from Delhi University found many frogs in the forest in the Western Ghat Mountains.

The following species are in "Philautus":


Gabriela Schloesser

Gabriela Schloesser (born 18 February 1994) is a Mexican-born Dutch archer. Schloesser competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Juan René Serrano

Juan René Serrano Gutiérrez (born 23 February 1984) is an archer from Mexico. René Serrano competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics, 2008 Summer Olympics, and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Al-Aqsa TV

Al Aqsa TV () is a television station run by the Palestinian political group Hamas, which is from the Gaza Strip. The television station broadcasts news, promotional material for Hamas, cartoons (such as Tomorrow's Pioneers which promoted Anti-Zionism and violence against Israel and USA), and religious programs. The television station's current director is Fathi Ahmad, who holds membership to the Palestinian Legislative Council, and is the Interior Minster of the Gaza Strip. The station is named after the Al-Aqsa compound in Jerusalem.

Christian Coulson

Christian Peter Coulson (born 3 October, 1978 - Manchester, United Kingdom) is a English actor known for playing Tom Marvolo Riddle in the 2002 fantasy movie "Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets".

Al-Manar

Al Manar TV's logo
Al-Manar TV is a television station ran by the Lebanese political group Hezbollah, and broadcasts from the city of Beirut in the country Lebanon. The station was officially launched on the 4th of June 1991 as a part of the Arab States Broadcasting Union. The station was designated as a global terrorist organisation by the United States and was banned on the 17th of December 2004.

Vedanta

Vedanta is a school of Hindu philosophy, one of the six recognized in Hinduism. The name means ""end of the Vedas"." It is based on ideas found in the Upanishads, focusing on knowledge and liberation. Vedanta has various schools that follow texts like the Upanishads, Brahma Sutras, and Bhagavad Gita. The main Vedanta schools include Bhedabheda, Advaita, Vishishtadvaita, Tattvavada (Dvaita), Suddhadvaita, and Achintya-Bheda-Abheda. Modern developments include Neo-Vedanta and the philosophy of the Swaminarayan Sampradaya.

Most Vedanta schools, except Advaita Vedanta and Neo-Vedanta, are linked to Vaishnavism, emphasizing devotion (Bhakti) to God, often Vishnu. Advaita Vedanta, in contrast, emphasizes Jnana (knowledge) and Jnana Yoga. While Advaita has gained attention in the West, other Vedanta traditions mainly focus on Vaishnava theology.

There are different counts of Vedanta schools, ranging from three to six. Some prominent ones include:


Despite their differences, all Vedanta schools share some common ideas:


The main texts of Vedanta are the Upanishads, Brahma Sūtras, and Bhagavadgītā, collectively known as Prasthānatrayī.

Vedanta philosophers discuss three fundamental categories—Brahman, Ātman, and Prakriti—and their relationships.


Most Vedanta schools, along with Samkhya, support Parinamavada, the idea that the world is a real transformation of Brahman. However, Advaita Vedanta, led by Adi Shankara, follows Vivartavada, stating that the world is an unreal transformation of Brahman.

Following is the relation between Atman and Brahman in different schools of Vedanta:


Folk religion

Folk religion, also known as popular religion or traditional religion, includes various forms of belief and practices that are different from the official teachings of organized religions. It's the religious side of everyday culture, with customs specific to certain regions or ethnic groups, falling outside the official doctrines.

The term "folk religion" covers two main areas. First, it involves the religious aspects of everyday culture or how religion is expressed in folk traditions. Second, it explores the blending of different cultures, like the mix of African folk beliefs and Roman Catholicism that gave rise to Vodun and Santería. In China, folk Protestantism emerged during the Taiping Rebellion. Examples of folk religion connected to major faiths include Chinese folk religion, folk Christianity, folk Hinduism, and folk Islam. People who don't regularly attend religious events, aren't part of a church, and haven't formally declared a specific belief may still want religious ceremonies like weddings or funerals, leading to the use of the term by clergy to describe such practices.

2005-06 Red Bull Salzburg season

The 2005-06 season was the first season after Red Bull took over SV Austria Salzburg. The denial of the club's history, the renaming and the abandonment of the purple club colors amounted to an erasure of the traditional club and caused dissatisfaction from fans and a media response in Europe.

After the end of the season coach Jara was fired due to possible speculation regarding player transfers. Giovanni Trapattoni (team boss) and Lothar Matthäus (coach) were hired as successors.

Theo Von

Theodor Capitani von Kurnatowski III (born March 19, 1980), known professionally as Theo Von, is an American stand-up comedian and actor.

Pizzoferrato

Pizzoferrato is a "comune" in the Province of Chieti in the Abruzzo region in Italy.

Duino-Aurisina

Duino-Aurisina (; ) is a "comune" in the Province of Trieste in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy. It is on the Adriatic coast and is near the border with Slovenia.


Monrupino

Monrupino () is a "comune" in the Province of Trieste in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy. According to the 1971 census, 77.3% of people are Slovenes.


Kahit Konting Pagtingin (TV series)

Kahit Konting Pagtingin (International title: "Just One Glance" / ) is a 2013 Philippine drama television series starring Angeline Quinto in her first teleserye, together with Paulo Avelino and Sam Milby. 

The series was streaming online on YouTube.




Nishanth Sagar

Nishanth Balakrishnan (born 8 June 1980), known professionally by his stage name Nishanth Sagar , is an Indian actor who works primarily in the Malayalam film industry. He has performed in over 50 films as a hero, co-star and antagonist.

 

Mayfung

Mayfung (Balti: མེ་ཕུང།) is an ancient festival celebrated in the Baltistan region of northeastern Pakistan by the Balti Tibetan people. The festival has roots in the Bön religion, which was the main religion in the area before Buddhism and Islam. Every year on December 21, the Mayfung festival takes place to mark the end of the longest night and the beginning of the new year called "Balti Losar" (Balti New Year). Mayfung is a tradition celebrated not only in Baltistan but also in some parts of Gilgit, Hunza, Chitral, and Tibet in China.

People believe that celebrating Mayfung protects them from misfortunes and natural disasters. The name Mayfung comes from two Balti words: "May," meaning fire, and "Fang" or "Phang," meaning to throw or play. So, Mayfung translates to playing with fire or throwing fireballs in the sky. In other languages, it is known as Thumushaling in Burushaski and Loma in Shina.

Balti culture is a mix of Bonism, Islam, and Buddhism influences. Bonism was a religion in Tibet before Buddhism and Islam, involving spirit worship, sacrifices, magic, and divination. The Mayfung Festival from the Bon period continued into the Buddhist era to please gods and remove society's ills. It's a crucial part of the Losar festival, also known as the Balti New Year, happening in Baltistan, Pakistan, on December 21.

Legend has it that lighting a large fire during Mayfung can drive away evils. The festival may have roots in the Maqpon dynasty of the 12th century or be linked to Raja Abdal Khan, a powerful ruler in the 17th century.

During Mayfung, people light bonfires on mountains, plains, and rooftops. Children play, dance, and sing traditional songs around flaming logs. The residual fire is scattered on mountain slopes. Women prepare special dishes. The celebration includes fireworks, music, dancing, flying lanterns, and festive foods. Folk dances like the sword dance and fire dance are performed, and the event concludes with traditional music. People believe that Mayfung is necessary to ward off spirits and Jinns.

Rahul Bheke

Rahul Shankar Bheke (; born 6 December 1990) is an Indian professional footballer who plays as a defender for Indian Super League club Mumbai City and the India national team.


Rani Hazarika (singer)

Rani Hazarika (born 7 October 1987) is an Indian Assamese Playback Singer, live performer in the Indian Bollywood industry.

Her journey in the music industry began at a young age. She made her debut in professional music at 13 and later contributed to Bollywood. Her achievements include international recognition, awards like the "Dada Saheb Phalke Award," and a versatile career spanning various films and single albums.


Neha Marda

Neha Marda is an Indian television actress. She is well known for her roles in "Balika Vadhu", "Doli Armaano Ki" and "Kyun Rishton Mein Katti Batti". In 2015, she participated in "Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa".

Balti people

The Baltis or Baltipa, also known as Balti Tibetans or Bhotia, are a group of people native to the Baltistan region of Gilgit−Baltistan, Pakistan. They speak the Balti language, which is an old form of Tibetan. It has sounds lost in modern Tibetan dialects. It is closely related to other Tibetic languages like Ladakhi and Purgi.

Before Islam came to Baltistan in the 14th century, Baltis followed Bön and Tibetan Buddhism. Islam spread through Sufi missionaries, and by the 17th century, most Baltis converted. Some later became Shia, Sunni, or followed Noorbakshia Sufi Islam. Despite converting, Baltis still practice Bön and Tibetan Buddhist rituals, making their culture unique in Pakistan. The Balti language is conservative, closer to Classical Tibetan.

Religious gatherings in mosques and Sufi Khanqahs are vital for Baltis. Khanqahs, introduced by early Sufi saints, help students achieve spiritual purity through training. Mosques in Baltistan have Tibetan architecture, and some in Kargil have Mughal style decorations. Today, about 60% of Baltis are Shia Muslims, 30% follow Noorbakshia Sufi Islam, and 10% are Sunni Muslims.


Bi-lateral diplomatic relations

When states recognize one another as sovereign states and agree to diplomatic relations, they create a bilateral relationship. States with bilateral ties will exchange diplomatic agents such as ambassadors to facilitate dialogues and cooperations.

Muggia

Muggia (; ) is a "comune" in the Province of Trieste in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy. It is on the eastern edge of the Gulf of Trieste in the northern Adriatic Sea. Muggia is the only Italian port town in Istria. It is on the southeastern border with Slovenia.

Muggia started as a prehistoric fortified village ("castelliere") in the around 8th-7th century BC. The area was founded in 178–177 BC by the Romans, who created here a settlement ("Castrum Muglae"). After the fall of the Western Roman Empire, Muggia was dominated by the Ostrogoths, Lombards, Byzantines and Franks. In 931, it was donated by the kings Hugh of Italy and Lothair II to the Patriarch of Aquileia.

In 1354, it suffered Genoese attacks. In 1420, it became part of the Republic of Venice.

After the fall of Venice in 1797, Muggia became part of the Austrian Empire, which was developed an naval shipbuilding flourished until after World War II.

Muggia is twinned with:


San Dorligo della Valle

San Dorligo della Valle is a "comune" in the Province of Trieste in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.


Sgonico

Sgonico () is a "comune" in the Province of Trieste in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.


Affirmation (Savage Garden album)

Affirmation is the second and final studio album by Australian pop duo Savage Garden and was released on 9 November 1999 by Columbia Records. It won the 2000 ARIA Music Award for Highest Selling Album along it nominated for Best Group and Best Pop Release but lost. It topped the album charts in Australia, Canada and Sweden and made the top 10 in Denmark, Finland, New Zealand, Norway, Switzerland, the United Kingdom and the United States.


Brenna, Lombardy

Brenna is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Blessagno

Blessagno (Comasco: or ) is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Brienno

Brienno is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Inverigo

Inverigo is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Lambrugo

Lambrugo is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Merone

Merone is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Merone is twinned with:

Noyarey

Noyarey is a commune in the Isère department in southeastern France.

Noyarey is twinned with:

Nirav D. Shah

Nirav Dinesh Shah (born 1977) is an American epidemiologist, economist and attorney. He worked as an economist and epidemiologist at the Cambodian Ministry of Health.


Kostanay Region

Kostanay Region or Kostanay Province (; ) is one of the regions in the north of Kazakhstan. The capital of the region is the city of Kostanay. As of 2023, the population is 832,110 people.

The region borders on the Aktobe, Ulytau, Karaganda, Akmola and North Kazakhstan Regions of Kazakhstan. It also borders the Orenburg, Chelyabinsk and Kurgan Oblasts of Russia.

There are six cities in the region: Kostanay, Arkalyk, Rudny, Lisakovsk, Zhitikara and Tobyl.

Gungun Uprari

Gungun Uprari is an Indian actress who appears in Hindi TV shows. Gungun Uprari is known for her roles in serials like "Bandhan Saat Janamon Ka", "Rakt Sambandh", "Haar Jeet", "Buddha" and "Jo Biwi Se Kare Pyaar".

Nirav Shah (politician)

Nirav Shah is an Indian politician who is former deputy mayor of Surat Municipal Corporation. He has been affiliated with the Bhartiya Janta Party since 1992.


Ryan Kiera Armstrong

Ryan Kiera Armstrong (born March 10, 2010) is an American actress who played Charlie McGee from the 2022 Movie Called Firestarter.

Ulytau Region

Ulytau Province or Ulytau Region (, ) is a region in the center of Kazakhstan. The capital of region is the city of Jezkazgan. As 2023, 221,395 people live here.

The region is named after the Ulytau () mountain range. 

There are only three cities in this region: Jezkazgan, Karazhal and Satbayev.

Mangystau Region

Mangystau Province or Mangystau Region (, ) is a region in the west of Kazakhstan. The capital is the city of Aktau. As 2023, 766,956 people live here.

There are only three cities in this region: Aktau, Zhanaozen and Fort-Shevchenko.

The region is named after the Mangystau () peninsula.

Kyzylorda Region

Kyzylorda Province or Kyzylorda Region (, ) is a region in the south of Kazakhstan. The capital of region is the city of Kyzylorda. The population is 833,531 (as of 2023).

There are only three cities in this region: Kyzylorda, Aral and Kazalinsk. The region also has the Baikonur Cosmodrome and the city of Baikonur, which were purchased by Russia in an agreement that lasts until 2050.

I've Been Losing You

"I've Been Losing You" is a 1986 song by Norwegian band A-ha and is the lead single from their second studio album "Scoundrel Days". It topped the single charts in Denmark and Norway and made the top 10 in Ireland, Italy and the United Kingdom.

The music video was shot at the Universal Amphitheatre in Los Angeles.

North Kazakhstan Region

North Kazakhstan Province or North Kazakhstan Region (, ) is a region in the north of Kazakhstan, with a population of 534,024. The capital is the city of Petropavl. 

There are five cities in this region: Petropavl, Bulayevo, Mamlyutka, Sergeyevka, Taiynsha, 

Turkistan Region

Turkistan Province or Turkistan Region (, ) is a region in the south of Kazakhstan. The capital is the city of Turkistan. As of the year of 2023, 2,119,063 people live here. Until 2018, the region was called the South Kazakhstan Region.

There are seven cities in this region: Turkistan, Arys, Kentau, Zhetisay, Saryagash, Lenger and Shardara.

Previously, there was a city in the region with a population of more than a million, Shymkent. It was the capital of the region. At that time three million people lived in the region. But in 2018 it was removed, and Turkestan became the capital of the region.

Ciego de Ávila

Ciego de Ávila is a city in Cuba. It is the capital of Ciego de Ávila Province. In 2022, 156,322 people lived there.

Bayamo

Bayamo is a city in Cuba. It is the capital of Granma Province.

Georg Baselitz

Georg Baselitz (born 23 January 1938) is a German painter, sculptor and graphic artist. 

He became famous in the 1960s with his figurative and neoexpressionist paintings. In 1969 he started painting all his subjects upside down in an attempt to show the artifice of painting. He has several influences in his art style, such as the Soviet illustration art, the mannerist painting and African primitive sculpture. He created a personal and unique style.

Nueva Gerona

Nueva Gerona is a city in Cuba. It is the capital of the Isla de la Juventud special municipality and province. In 2012, 59,049 people lived there.

The city has quarters of Centro, Abel Santamaría, Sierra Caballo, Nazareno, Saigón, Chacón and José Martí. In the suburban quarter of Chacón is the Presidio Modelo, a former prison and now a museum.

The city was founded in 1830.

Sancti Spíritus

Sancti Spíritus is a city in Cuba. It is the capital of Sancti Spíritus Province. It is one of the oldest Cuban European settlements.

Santa Clara, Cuba

Santa Clara is a city in Cuba. It is the capital of Villa Clara Province. Santa Clara is the fifth largest city in Cuba by population. About 250,000 people live there.

Jörg Immendorff

Jörg Immendorff (14 June 1945 – 28 May 2007) was a German painter, sculptor and stage designer. He was also art professor. He was considered a neo-expressionist artist.

He often created "grand cycles of paintings" of political nature, sometimes inspired by modern Germany, that often took him several years to complete. His most famous cycles included "Cafè Deutschland", and "The Rake's Progress".

Courson-Monteloup

Courson-Monteloup is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Dannemois

Dannemois is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

D'Huison-Longueville

D'Huison-Longueville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Écharcon

Écharcon is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Égly

Égly is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Épinay-sous-Sénart

Épinay-sous-Sénart is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Épinay-sous-Sénart is twinned with:

Épinay-sur-Orge

Épinay-sur-Orge is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Étampes

Étampes is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Étiolles

Étiolles is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. It is 27 km southeast of Paris.

Étréchy, Essonne

Étréchy is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

La Ferté-Alais

La Ferté-Alais is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Ethnic groups in Pakistan

Pakistan is a very diverse country with lots of different ethnic groups and languages. The 16 major groups are Punjabis, Pashtuns, Gujjar, Sindhis, Saraikis, Muhajirs (Indians), Balochs, Paharis, Brahuis, Shina, Hazaras, Baltis, Kohistanis, Khetranis, Siddis and Kashmiris. There are also many other smaller groups like Makranis, Uzbeks, Tajiks, Thari, Kho, Pamiris, Nuristanis, Kalash and many others.
The official census in Pakistan doesn't count the 1.4 million registered and 1.7 million unregistered people from Afghanistan who are living in Pakistan. Most of them were born in Pakistan in the last 40 years and are mainly Pashtuns, along with Tajiks, Uzbeks, and others.

Fleury-Mérogis

Fleury-Mérogis is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Fleury-Mérogis Prison is in the commune.

Fontaine-la-Rivière

Fontaine-la-Rivière is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Fontenay-lès-Briis

Fontenay-lès-Briis is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Atlético Madrid B

Atlético de Madrid B is a Spanish football team based in Madrid, in the community of Madrid. Founded on 17 September 1963, it is the reserve team of Atlético Madrid and currently plays in Primera Federación – Group 2.

Fontenay-le-Vicomte

Fontenay-le-Vicomte is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

La Forêt-le-Roi

La Forêt-le-Roi is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

La Forêt-Sainte-Croix

La Forêt-Sainte-Croix is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Forges-les-Bains

Forges-les-Bains is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Gironville-sur-Essonne

Gironville-sur-Essonne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Gometz-la-Ville

Gometz-la-Ville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Al-Manar (magazine)

Al Manar (ː The Lighthouse) was a Islamic magazine written in the Arabic language, and was published and edited by Rahid Rida from 1898 to 1935. The magazine wanted to bring back the Pan-Islamic caliphate along with Islamic laws. The magazine's final issue was published in the year 1940, by the Muslim Brotherhood.

Siddi people

The Siddi, also called Sheedi, are a group of people living mainly in southern Pakistan, in the provinces of Sindh and Balochistan. They are one of two major Black ethnic groups in Pakistan, the other being Makranis. They originally come from the Bantu communities in Southeast Africa and Ethiopia. Many of them arrived in the subcontinent through the Indian Ocean Slave Trade, while others came as traders, sailors, servants, and soldiers. There are now more than a million Siddis in Pakistan and a smaller group of about 50,000 in India. Pakistan has the largest diaspora of Africans in South Asia.

The Siddi population mostly has roots in the Bantu peoples of Southeast Africa who were brought to the Indo-Pak subcontinent as slaves. Most of them became Muslims, and a few became Christians. First Siddis are believed to have arrived in Sindh with the Arab army of Muhammad Bin Qasim during the Islamic conquest of the Sindh in 712 CE. They were known as Zanjis.

The Siddi people's culture reflects both their long presence in South Asia and their East African origins. Siddi women wear traditional African clothing, and Siddi men wear Shalwar kameez along with their unique clothing. While they have adapted to the local culture, they still practice some traditions, especially in music and dance. Siddis generally marry within their own communities, and it's uncommon for them to marry outside.

Sports play a significant role in the Siddi community, providing youth with opportunities and an escape from poverty and discrimination.

Many Siddis follow the Islamic faith, with a particular reverence for the Sindhi saint Pir Mangho. An annual festival, known as Pir Mangho Urs, is held at the saint's shrine, where 100 crocodiles are fed as part of the celebration.


West Kazakhstan Region

West Kazakhstan Province or West Kazakhstan Region (, ) is a region in the west of Kazakhstan. The capital is the city of Oral. As of 2023, the population of region is 688,091.

There are only two cities in this region: Oral and Aksay.

In Soviet times, region was called the "Ural region" ().

Pseudophilautus nemus

Pseudophilautus nemus is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in the Haycock Hill Forest Reserve and the Kanneliya Forest, between 60 and 660 meters above sea level.

AKTINA Productions

AKTINA Productions, Inc., is a non-profit and tax-exempt 501 (c) 3 Media and Arts Cultural Organization promoting the cultures of Greece and Cyprus through radio, television and live performances. AKTINA Productions, Inc., founded by Elena Maroulleti and incorporated on July 15, 1993, also owns and operates the public service media outlets,AKTINA FM and 

AKTINA has eleven established owned and operated websites that carry the “AKTINA FM” name-brand for the purposes of also streaming its Greek American Radio Station AKTINA FM every day 24 hours, 7 days a week nationwide in the U.S.A and globally.

In May of 1993, CYPRECO of America, Inc., also a non-profit and tax-exempt 501 (c) 3 cultural organization, teamed up with AKTINA Productions, Inc., to co-sponsor the Greek American bilingual radio AKTINA FM founded on New York’s public station WNYE 91.5FM and soon after on online.

In early 1994, AKTINA Productions, Inc., introduced and established the concert series, GREEK MUSIC JOURNEY (GMJ). Over 30 concerts have been produced. AKTINA’s GMJ was selected by New York’s Lincoln Center to represent Greece in 1998, 1999 and 2000 during the annual “Lincoln Center Out Of Doors Festival.”

On October 26, 2018, a ceremony was held at the New York City Council Chambers where former Council Speaker Corey Johnson and the entire NYC Council body joined by other NYC officials, honored AKTINA Productions, Inc., with a special Proclamation on the occasion of its 25th anniversary. The organization has also received multiple distinctions from other elected officials of the City of New York, the New York State and the U.S. Congress and Senate such as, Citations, Proclamations and Congressional Records.

Permission to Kill

Permission to Kill is a 1975 Austrian British American spy thriller movie directed by Cyril Frankel and starring Dirk Bogarde, Ava Gardner, Bekim Fehmiu, Timothy Dalton, Nicole Calfan, Frederic Forrest. It was distributed by AVCO Embassy Pictures.


Kamalolmolk

Kamalolmolk () is a 1984 Iranian drama movie directed by Ali Hatami and starring Jamshid Mashayekhi, Ezzatolah Entezami, Ali Nassirian, Davoud Rashidi, Mohammad Ali Keshavarz.

Angelstad

Angelstad is a locality in Ljungby Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 271 people lived there.

Kånna

Kånna is a locality in Ljungby Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 352 people lived there.

Lidhult

Lidhult is a locality in Ljungby Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 611 people lived there.

Vittaryd

Vittaryd is a locality in Ljungby Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 318 people lived there.

Timsfors

Timsfors is a locality in Markaryd Municipality in Kronoberg County in Sweden. In 2010, 637 people lived there.

Gometz-le-Châtel

Gometz-le-Châtel is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Les Granges-le-Roi

Les Granges-le-Roi is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Guibeville

Guibeville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Guigneville-sur-Essonne

Guigneville-sur-Essonne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Guillerval

Guillerval is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Malaybalay

Malaybalay is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Bukidnon. According to the 2020 census, 190,712 people lived there.

Valencia, Bukidnon

Valencia is the largest city in the province of Bukidnon, Philippines. According to the 2020 census, 216,546 people lived there.

Anna Leonowens

Anna Leonowens was an Anglo-Indian woman who was hired by Mongkut, King of Siam to teach his children. She later moved to Canada and became a Suffragette. She died in Montreal. 

Leonowens wrote a memoir about teaching Mongkut’s children in 1870. Then in 1944, a woman named Margaret Landon decided to write a novel called Anna and the King of Siam based on it. It inspired the movie Anna and the King of Siam which came out in 1946. In 1951, Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II wrote a Musical called The King and I based on Leonowens’ life and book. 

Mamburao

Mamburao is a municipality in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Occidental Mindoro. According to the 2020 census, 47,705 people lived there.

Margaret Landon

Margaret Landon was an American writer who wrote the 1944 novel Anna and the King of Siam based on the life of Anna Leonowens. The book inspired a movie with the same name in 1946. In 1950, Richard Rodgers and Oscar Hammerstein II paid her to let them make a play based on her book and then made The King and I. Landon also wrote another novel called Never Dies the Dream. In 1972, Twentieth Century Fox made a television show called Anna and the King which wasn’t a musical and Landon sued Fox for Copyright infringement but lost. Landon died in 1993.

Anna and the King of Siam

Anna and the King of Siam is a 1944 book by Margaret Landon. It is fiction, but is based on a true story. It’s about Anna Leonowens going to Siam to teach English to Mongkut’s wives and children. It inspired the movie Anna and the King of Siam and the play The King and I.

The King and I (1999 movie)

The King and I is an animated movie based on the play The King and I. It came out in 1999.

Miranda Richardson as Anna Leonowens. 

Martin Vidnovic as Mongkut

Allen D. Hong as Chulalongkorn

Armi Arabe as Tuptim

Ian Richardson as Kralahome 

Darrell Hammond as Master Little 

Adam Wylie as Louis Leonowens

Sean Smith as Sir Edward Ramsey

Frank Welker as Rama, Tusker and Moonshee 

J.A. Fuji as Debsirindra

Jethro

Jethro is a person in the Book of Exodus who is also called Reuel. He lived in Midian and was a Priest there. Since he had no sons, he sent his daughters to get water for his sheep. But male shepherds stopped them by the Well so Moses came and helped the girls by making the men go away. When Jethro’s daughters came back to him, Jethro told them to bring Moses home to him and they did. Jethro hired Moses to be his shepherd and Moses married Jethro’s daughter Tzippora and had two sons Gershom and Eliezer. When Hashem appeared to Moses and told him to lead the Hebrews out of Egypt, Jethro told Moses “go to Peace”. Jethro later met Moses again in the desert and told him not to be the only Judge but to appoint other judges since Moses couldn’t do everything on his own. Moses listened to Jethro’s advice.

According to The Midrash, Jethro chose to worship only Hashem and a lot of other Midianites were angry with him about it. The Midrash also says that Jethro was also known as Paltiel and that his daughter Elisheva married Aaron.

Midian

Midian is a place in The Bible. The Book of Genesis says that Midian was the son of Abraham and Keturah. Midian’s descendants the Midianites buy Joseph from Judah and his brothers and then sell him in Egypt.

When Moses runs away from Egypt, he goes to the land of the Midianites. He sees male shepherds not let some girls get water from a well, so he makes the men leave and gives the girls the water. They go to their father Jethro and he tells them to invite Moses home so Moses becomes a shepherd for Jethro and marries Jethro’s daughter Zipporah. Zipporah then gives birth to a son and Moses names him Gershom because “I am a stranger in a strange land” and she also gives birth to a second son. After Moses leaves with Zipporah and his sons, The Lord sends an Angel to kill Moses so Zipporah circumcised their second son and the Angel let Moses live. After that Moses left Zipporah with his sons while he went to Egypt. Jethro later left the land of the Midianites with Zipporah and his grandsons who were named Gershom and Eliezer and met with Moses.

In the Book of Numbers, King Balak hires a Midianite named Balaam to curse the Israelites but Balaam accidentally blesses them instead. So Balaam decides to get the Israelites to sin so the the Almighty would get angry and punish them. So Balaam convinces the Midianites to send their women to have sex with the Israelites, get them to have an orgy and get them to worship the Midianite Idol Baal Peor. So Phineas, Aaron’s grandson, kills the Israelites who were sinning. The Israelites then attacked the Midianites and killed their men but not the women. Then Moses told the Israelites also to kill the Midianite women since they had done more than the men had. So they killed the Midianite women. Moses also had them kill Balaam since he was the person whose idea it was.

In the Book of Judges, the Midianites attacked the Land of Israel so Hashem told Gideon to fight them.

Gershom

Gershom was the son of Moses and Zipporah, grandson of Jethro and older brother of Eliezer . Gershom was born in Midian. According to the Book of Exodus, Moses named him Gershom because he said “I am a stranger in a strange land”.

Eliezer

Eliezer was the second son of Moses and Zipporah after Gershom. After he was born, his parents left Midian for Egypt so his father didn’t circumcise him. Then an Angel came to kill Moses for not circumcising his son so Zipporah circumcised the son and the Angel let Moses live. The son was named Eliezer.

Amram

Amram was the oldest son of Kehath who was a son of Levi. Amram married Yocheved, the daughter of Levi. She gave birth to a daughter named Miriam and a son named Aaron. Then Pharaoh said that every newborn Israelite baby would be thrown in the Nile. So when they had another son, Amram and Yocheved hid him for three months but then couldn’t anymore so Yocheved put the baby in a basket in the river. Then Pharaoh’s daughter found the boy and named him Moses.

According to a Midrash, when Amram found out Pharaoh would kill every boy, he decided to divorce Yocheved because he didn’t want a son who would just be killed and the other Israelite men decided to do the same thing. Then Amram’s daughter Miriam told him not to do that because it also meant that no girls would be born, not just boys. Amram then re-married Yocheved so all the other Israelite men remarried their wives.

Kehath

Kehath was the second son of Levi. Kehath was the younger brother of Gershon and the older brother of Merari . Kehath had four sons: Amram, Izhar , Hebron and Uzziel. Amram became the father of Miriam, Aaron and Moses. Izhar became the father of Korah , Nepheg and Zichri. Hebron became the father of the Hebronites. Uzziel became the father of Mishael, Elzaphan and Zithri.

Gershon

Gershon was the oldest son of Levi. Kehath and Merari were his brothers and Jochebed was his sister.

Merari

Merari was the third son of Levi after Gershon and Kehath.

Korah

Korah was a cousin of Moses and Aaron who led a Rebellion against them with the support of Dathan and Abiram . When he and his followers burned Incense, the fire burned him while the Earth opened up and all his followers sank down.

Al-Hayat Media Center

Al-Hayat Media Center (Englishː The Life Media Center) is a media group of the Islamic State. The group was established in 2014 and it targets audiences globally as opposed to the Islamic State's other wings that target only Arabic audiences. The group mainly creates promotional material, mostly vocals only music (nasheeds) in languages such as English, German, Russian, Urdu, Indonesian, Turkish, Bangla, Chinese, Bosnian, Kurdish, Uyghur, and French.

Answer the Call released on the 18th of January 2018.

Oh Soldiers of Truth Go Forth released on the 22nd of September 2022.

For the Sake of Allah (Fisabilillah) released on the 23rd of December 2015.

Lets Go for Jihad (Haya Haya Alal Jihad) released on the 28th of December 2015.

Oh Disbelievers of the World (Mécréants de l’humanité) released on the 31st of December 2017.

Let Us Be A Little Patient released on the 27th of August 2018.

The Martyrs released on the 6th of September 2017.

Come, come, my friend released on the 3rd of April 2017.

One day in the morning (Ek ta deen shokal ay) released on the 21nd of Febuary 2016.

The caliphate has come (Eshe say khalifa) released on the 23rd of July 2017.

One day my sleep broke (Eck ta deen goom jay banglo) released on the 16th of May 2018.

And No Respite released on the 23rd of December 2015.

Your blood will flow released on the 3rd of May 2016.

Pledge allegiance to the Caliphate released on the 18th of May 2015.

Ya Junud Al Haqq released on the 1st of July 2014.

Gary Puckett &amp; The Union Gap

Gary Puckett & The Union Gap (initially credited as The Union Gap featuring Gary Puckett) was an American pop rock group active in the late 1960s. The group was formed by Gary Puckett, Gary "Mutha" Withem, Dwight Bement, Kerry Chater, and Paul Wheatbread in San Diego, California in 1967.

Pseudophilautus procax

The Lubungama shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus procax") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in the Rakwana Hills, about 1060 meters above sea level.

Pseudophilautus jagathgunawardanai

Jagath Gunawardana’s shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus jagathgunawardanai") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sripada Peak between 1600 and 1750 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in cloud forests. It climbs the trees. People have seen it as low as on the ground and as high as 6 m up in the trees. It climbs trees with lichen on the bark.

The adult female frog is 35.8 – 40.4 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is light brown in color with dark brown color over the eyes and a dark brown triangle mark on the head. The sides of the body are olive green in color. The legs are light brown in color with some green. The feet have dark brown marks on them. The ends of the toes and the belly are off-white in color.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", "P. jagathgunawardanai" hatches out of its eggs as small frogs. They never swim as tadpoles.

This frog is endangered. They could all die soon. Scientists say this is because human beings change the places where the frog lives. Humans cut down trees for wood and build cities and farms and places for animals to eat grass where the frog needs to be.

Scientists named this frog after Dr. Jagath Gunawardana, a lawyer who helped save Sri Lanka's wild places.

Dathan

Dathan was a son of Eliab who was a son of Pallu who was a son of Reuben. He left Egypt with the Israelites. He and Abiram supported Korah against Moses, so the Earth opened up beneath them and they sank and died.

According to the Midrash, Dathan and Abiram were always troublemakers. They told Pharaoh that Moses had killed the Egyptian and they tried to convince the Israelites to go back to Egypt before they ended up supporting Korah.

Aside from Ramesses II, Dathan is the main villain of The Ten Commandments. In it, he spies for Ramesses, tells the Egyptians that Moses killed an Egyptian slave-master and helps the Egyptians against the Israelites. He also forces a woman named Lilliah to marry him. When Dathan refuses to sacrifice a Passover Lamb, Joshua paints Dathan’s doors with the blood of a lamb anyway so that his children can survive. After they leave Egypt, Dathan tries to get the Israelites to go back, he has Hur murdered and he threatens Aaron into making the Golden Calf. He is struck by lightning and sinks into the Earth. He is played by Edward G. Robinson.

Abiram

Abiram was the brother of Dathan. He supported Korah. In his rebellion against Moses. In the Midrash, Dathan and Abiram caused a lot of problems for the Israelites even before then. In the movie, The Ten Commandments, he is Dathan’s sidekick while Dathan does bad things.

Golden calf

The Golden calf was a Golden Calf that most of the Israelites worshipped when G-d told them not to worship idols.

After God gave the Israelites the Ten Commandments, the Israelites were afraid so they asked Moses to go up Mount Sinai to get the rest of the Torah. He stayed there a long time so they thought he was dead. They threatened Aaron into building a giant Calf out of Gold. They then started to worship the Golden Calf (except for the Levites who didn’t). And they also danced naked in front of it. So God threatened to kill all Israelites except Moses for their sin but Moses prayed to God to have mercy and God did.

After Moses saw the Israelites worshiping the Golden Calf, he broke the stone tables where the Ten Commandments were written.

Moses said “all who are for God, follow me” and all the Levites joined him. They killed everyone they saw worship the Golden Calf.

Moses had the Golden Calf destroyed and turned into a powder. He mixed the powder with water and made everyone drink it. Anyone who worshipped the Golden Calf died when they started drinking it.

When Moses went back up Mount Sinai, the Israelites started fasting and continued for the next 40 days. So God forgave the Israelites for their sins and gave them a second set of stone tables with the Ten Commandments on them.

Sz

SZ, Sz, sz is used as an abbreviation for:




The Way You Love Me (Faith Hill song)

"The Way You Love Me" is a 2000 song by Faith Hill. It is the second single from her fourth studio album "Breathe". It went to number 15 in the United Kingdom, number 13 in Scotland, number 6 in the United States, number 4 in Hungary, number 23 in New Zealand, number 40 in Ireland, number 21 in Italy, number 9 in Spain and number 49 in Switzerland.




Alejandra Valencia

Alejandra Valencia Trujillo (born 17 October 1994) is a Mexican archer. Valencia competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, 2016 Summer Olympics, and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Ana Paula Vázquez

Ana Paula Vázquez (born 5 October 2000) is a Mexican archer. Paula Vázquez competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

List of Fiji Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Fiji Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Fiji after playing their first match against Vanuatu on 9 September 2022.

Dennis Francis (diplomat)

Dennis Francis (born 27 November 1956) is a politician from Trinidad and Tobago. He has been the permanent representative to the United Nations from Trinidad and Tobago since 2021. On 1 June 2023 he was elected to be the President of the United Nations General Assembly at its seventy-eighth session, beginning his term on 5 September 2023.

Damian Wayne

Damian Wayne is a fictional superhero. He appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is the son of Batman and Talia al Ghul and the grandson of Ra's al Ghul. Damian was born during "Son of the Demon" as Ibn al Xu'ffasch. He was kept secret until the events of "Batman and Son". During "Batman Reborn", he became the fifth Robin. He has been a member of the Batman family, Batman Incorporated, the League of Assassins and the Teen Titans.

The idea of the character was created by Mike W. Barr and Jerry Bingham in "Batman: Son of the Demon". (1987) The character was named "Damian Wayne" and was developed by Grant Morrison and Andy Kubert. He first appeared in "Batman" #655. (2006)

Damian Wayne is set to make his live-action debut in the movie "The Brave and the Bold", produced by DC Studios.

Lene Lovich

Lene Lovich (; born Lili-Marlene Premilovich; March 30, 1952) is an English singer, songwriter and musician. She first gained attention in 1979 with the release of her hit single "Lucky Number", which peaked at number 3 on the UK Singles Chart and made her a leading figure of the new wave music scene.

Molybdenite

Molybdenite (known by the mineral symbol Mol) is a mineral form of molybdenum disulfide. It is similar to the texture of graphite. It sometimes has a slippery effect because of its structure, which is made of sheets of molybdenum and sulfur. It usually has a hexagonal shape, or has a trigonal shape. 

It occurs usually with minerals such as quartz or pyrite, and can be found in deposits across mines in the western US, notably New Mexico, Colorado, Utah, and Arizona. It can also be found in Mexico. Sometimes, Rhenium can be found in this mineral. It is very similar to graphite that it can be almost impossible in tell them apart.

Abai Region

Abai Province or Abai Region (, ) is a region in the eastern Kazakhstan. The population of region is 610,189 (as of 2023). The capital of the region is the city of Semey.

Was the East Kazakhstan Region until 2018. At that time, the "Abay Region" appeared on its territory.

There are four cities in this region: Semey, Kurchatov, Ayagoz and Shar.

Aktau

Aktau (, ) is a city in Kazakhstan, the capital of the Mangystau Region. It is located on the shores of the Caspian Sea. As of 2023, 263,893 people live here, and 271,725 people live in the urban area.

From 1964 to 1991 the city was called "Shevchenko" ().

I Will Love Again

"I Will Love Again" is a 2000 song by Canadian-Belgian singer Lara Fabian and is the second single from her English language album "Lara Fabian". It went to number 63 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 32 in the United States, number 8 in New Zealand, number 31 in Sweden and Australia, number 18 in Iceland, number 19 in Canada, number 16 in France, number 14 in Switzerland, number 6 in Spain and number 2 in Poland.

US maxi-CD single 

US 12-inch single 

UK CD single 

UK cassette single 

European CD single 

European maxi-CD single 

Australian CD single 

Japanese CD single 

Zhanaozen

Zhanaozen (, ) is a city in the Mangystau Region of Kazakhstan. As of 2023, 74,357 people live here, and 147,933 people live in the urban area.

The city was founded in 1964 after oil was discovered nearby.

Fort-Shevchenko

Fort-Shevchenko () is a city in the Mangystau Region of Kazakhstan. It is on the eastern shore of Caspian Sea. As of 2023, 8,694 people live here.

Appetite (Prefab Sprout song)

"Appetite" is a 1985 song by English band Prefab Sprout. It was taken from their second studio album "Steve McQueen" and went to number 92 in the United Kingdom and number 45 in Australia. It charted poorly in the United Kingdom.

Side 1
Side 2

Side 1
Side 2

Zanskari

The Zaniskari is a small mountain horse or pony from Ladakh, named after the Zanskar region in Kargil. It shares characteristics with Tibetan breeds from neighboring Tibet and Baltistan. The Zaniskari is of medium size and often has a grey coat. The breed is endangered, with only a few hundred remaining.

This horse is well adapted to serve as a pack animal in the challenging conditions of its native region, situated between 3000 and 5000 meters above sea level, where temperatures can drop to −40 °C. It is strong, sure-footed, and has good stamina.

In 1977, there were about 15,000–20,000 Zaniskari horses. At that time, they were considered not at risk. However, due to cross-breeding with other horses, only a few hundred pure-bred Zaniskari horses are left today, mostly in the valleys of Ladakh, including the Zanskar Gorge. To protect and preserve the breed, the Animal Husbandry Department of Jammu and Kashmir runs a farm in Padum, Zanskar.

The population has decreased because of machines and more roads in their native area. Despite this, as of 2006, there were no significant signs of genetic issues. In 2013, there were around 9,700 Zaniskari horses, but by 2022, their conservation status was marked as "at risk/critical maintained," with a reported population of 346 animals.

Purigpa

The Purig or Purigpa are a Tibetic people group from Ladakh, India, and Baltistan, Pakistan. They speak the Purig language, which is closely related to other Tibetic languages, especially Balti language. Most Purigpas are Shia Muslims, following the Twelver sect. They became Muslims in the 15th and 16th centuries through preachers who came from Baltistan. Many Purigpas settled in the Kargil region during the rule of Balti King Gyalpo Ali Senge Anchan.


Vera Clinic

Vera Clinic is a healthcare institution based in Istanbul, Turkey, specializing in hair transplant and cosmetic surgery.

Vera Clinic was established in 2013 as Estevera, a specialized hair transplant clinic that primarily served the local Turkish market. 

In 2015, the clinic underwent a transformative rebranding, changing its name to Vera Clinic and taking strategic pivot towards a global presence and expansion into health tourism.

In 2017, Vera Clinic became the first clinic worldwide to utilize sapphire blades in hair transplant surgeries. 

In 2020, the clinic introduced OxyCure, its proprietary brand, which employs oxygen-infused technologies to accelerate healing, reduce inflammation, and improve the quality of the scalp and transplanted hair. The following year, Vera Clinic received a European Award in Medicine for Hair Transplant Surgery. The company started using stem cell technology in hair transplants and offers Regenera Activa, a treatment that extracts and processes regenerative cells from the patient's scalp to stimulate new hair growth.

Milton Sills

Milton George Gustavos Sills (January 12, 1882 - September 15, 1930) was an American silent movie actor.

He died on the 15th September in 1930 at the age of 48 by Myocardial infarction.

Frost (disambiguation)

Frost can be two (particular) things that have something to do with weather:





Kitab

Kitab (, "kitāb"), also transcribed kitaab, is the word for "book" in Arabic, Swahili, Urdu, Hindi and various Indian and Turkic languages.


Pseudophilautus rus

The Kandyan shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus rus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it between 500 and 800 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 20.6 – 24.1 mm from nose to rear end and adult female frog can be as big as 23.1 mm long.

The skin of the frog's back is dark brown in color. It has dark black marks on the tops of its back legs. The area near the eardrum is dark brown with lighter brown marks. The eardrum is red-brown in color. The sides of the body are light brown and yellow in color. The webbed skin on the feet is dark brown in color.

Like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus", "P. rus" hatches out of its eggs as small frogs. They never swim as tadpoles.

This frog is not endangered, but there are fewer of them than there were. Scientists think this is because human beings change the places where the frog lives to build cities and because of chemicals like pollution, chemicals to kill pests, and chemicals to make crops grow.

The frog's scientific name, "rus", comes from a Latin word that means "countryside" or "farmland." This is because scientists found the frog in the countryside in Kandy.

Firefox Focus

Firefox focus is a open source web browser for iOS and android. First it was a tracker blocker for iOS devices released in 2015 but it later became a small web browser but it can still be tracker blocker only on iOS. In 2017, first release for android was released and it was downloaded 1 million times in 1st month of release. The browser also came with 27 languages that are supported as of january 2017. Since 2018 the blackberry key 2 had firefox focus installed as a part of app called locker.

2006–07 Red Bull Salzburg season

Bye in the first two rounds

Invitation tournament of FC RB Salzburg 13 February 2007.

45 min playing time

Green bean casserole

Green Bean Casserole became popular around 1955 with the recipe being labeled as "Green Bean Bake" on the back of a Campbells Soup can. Combining 6 main staple ingredients into one.

Pseudophilautus steineri

Steiner's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus steineri") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Corbett's Gap in Knuckles Hills, between 1100 and 1400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 30.2 – 31.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 30.4 – 41.6 mm long. The skin of the frog's back is green in color with blank marks. The sides of the frog are gray-green in color. There is a brown mark between the eyes. Parts of the mouth are white with brown marks. Some parts of the back legs are green in color.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities and to get wood to build with.

Pareto principle

The Pareto principle is a concept introduced by Vilfredo Pareto That shows in many fields, 20% of the subject matter consumes 80% of use. This theorem came from Vilfredo Pareto's research on economics, and buying habits.

It is currently unknown why this phenomenon occurs, or why it is so prominent in every facet of the universe. Some hypothesize that it is a law of physics, that causes everything to act in such a way, While others hypothesize it could simply be a quirk of the human brain, spurring results to occur in this fashion.

In any given room, 20% of the floor is walked on 80% of the time.

In all languages, 20% of words are used 80% of the time.

20% of criminals commit 80% of crimes.

20% of employees are responsible for 80% of the results.

20% of a store's products make up 80% of sales.


Murder of Sierah Joughin

Sierah Catherine "Ce" Joughin (February 11, 1996 – July 22, 2016) was an American woman who was abducted and murdered in Delta, Ohio. She disappeared on July 19, 2016, and was found dead three days later. Her assailant, James D. Worley, was convicted and sentenced to death for the murder and over twenty years in prison for the kidnapping, assault, and other related charges. His execution is currently scheduled for May 20, 2025.

Pseudophilautus bambaradeniyai

Bambaradeniya's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus bambaradeniyai") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Sripada Peak, Peak Wilderness, between 700 and 1400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 17.3 – 20.2 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is dark brown in color with darker marks. There is a dark mark between the eyes. There is a nearly white stripe from the nose to the rear end and on parts of the legs. The feet are lighter in color than the back.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists say that this is because human beings cut down forests to make towns and cities and to get wood to build with.

Tropical rainforest climate

A tropical rainforest climate or equatorial climate is a tropical climate subtype found in the tropics, usually within 10 to 15 degrees latitude of the equator. This climate type is designated "Af" in the Köppen climate classification. A tropical rainforest climate is typically hot, very humid, and wet with no dry season. The average temperature in tropical rainforests ranges from . Temperatures don't change much throughout the year and also don't change much between night and day. The humidity is always very high, ranging between 77% to 100% year-round. Thanks to the tropical rainforest climate, tropical rainforests are lush all year long.

National League for Democracy

The National League for Democracy is a liberal democratic political party in Myanmar (Burma). It started in September 1988, Aung San Suu Kyi is the leader. The party won a substantial parliamentary majority in the 1990 Myanmar general election. However, the ruling military junta refused to recognise the result.

It won a landslide victory in the 2015 general election and again in 2020. It was overthrown in a military coup d'état in early 2021. In January 2023, the ruling junta made a new law designed to favor the Union Solidarity and Development Party which support them. The NLD announced that it would not re-register as a political party. On 28 March 2023, the NLD was officially dissolved for failing to register, a decision which the NLD rejected as illegitimate.

Peter Pan (1924 movie)

Peter Pan is a 1924 Silent movie starring Betty Bronson.
Betty Bronson as Peter Pan

Union Solidarity and Development Party

The Union Solidarity and Development Party is an nationalist, political party in Myanmar. It supports the Tatmadaw, the ruling military junta. Many of its leaders are retired generals.

It was started by Prime Minister Thein Sein to contest the 2010 Myanmar general election. Since 2022, it has been led by Khin Yi.

Tatmadaw

The Tatmadaw is the military of Myanmar (formerly Burma). It is run by the Ministry of Defence. It is made up of the Myanmar Army, the Myanmar Navy and the Myanmar Air Force. The Myanmar Police Force, the Border Guard Forces, the Myanmar Coast Guard, and the People's Militia Units are also part of it. 

Following the violent repression of nationwide protests in 1988, the military agreed to free elections in 1990. When the National League for Democracy won they ignored their victory and imprisoned its leader Aung San Suu Kyi. 

Helen White (politician)

Helen Ione White (born ) is a New Zealand politician. In 2020 she became a Member of Parliament in the House of Representatives for the Labour Party. In 2023, she was chosen by Labour to run for the Mount Albert electorate. White won the seat, holding it for Labour, but won the election by 18 votes.

Antique

An antique (; 'old', 'ancient') is an item thought of as having value because of its looks or historical importance, and often defined as at least 100 years old (or an older limit), but the term may be used to describe anything that is old. An antique is usually an item that is collected or wanted because of its age, beauty, rarity, condition, job, personal emotional connection, and/or other unique features. It is an object that represents a previous era or time period in human history. Vintage and collectible are used to describe items that are old but do not meet the 100-year mark.

Antiques are normally objects of the decorative arts that show some skill of craftsmanship, collectability, or an attention to design, such as a desk or an early car. They are bought at antiques shops, estate sales, auction houses, online auctions, and other venues, or is passed down. Antiques sellers often are a member of national trade associations, many of which belong to CINOA, a confederation of art and antique associations across 21 countries that represents 5,000 sellers.

The usual definition of "antique" is a collectible object such as a piece of furniture or work of art that has more value because of its age, but it may be different depending on the item, its source, the year of its creation, and other reasons. The customary definition of antique requires that an item should be at least 100 years old and in original condition. (Motor vehicles are an exception to this rule, with some definitions needing an automobile to be as little as 25 years old to be called an antique.)

In the United States, the 1930 Smoot-Hawley Tariff Act defined antiques as, "...works (things that are created) of art (except rugs and carpets made after 1700), collections in illustration of the progress of the arts, works in bronze, marble, terra cotta, parian, pottery, or porcelain, artistic antiquities and objects of ornamental character or educational value which shall have been produced prior to the year 1830." 1830 was thought to be the beginning of mass production in the United States. These definitions were made to allow people of that time to tell between real antique pieces, vintage items, and collectible objects.

In 1979, the British art reviewer Edward Lucie-Smith wrote that "Antique-dealers ... sometimes insist that nothing is antique which was made after 1830, although the barrier has been broken down in recent years by the enthusiasm of collectors for Art Nouveau and Art Deco.

The other term, "antiquities", is used to refer to the remains of ancient art and everyday items from antiquity, which themselves are often archaeological artifacts. An "antiquarian" is a person who collects and studies antiquities or things of the past.

Traditionally, Chinese antiques are marked by a red seal, known as a 'chop', put on by an owner. Experts can tell previous owners of an antique by reading the chops. The pre-revolution Chinese government tried to help collectors of Chinese antiques by requiring their Department of Antiquities to give a governmental chop on the bottom of a Chinese antique. This chop is visible as a piece of red sealing wax that bears the government chop to verify the date of the antique. The government of the People's Republic of China has its own definitions of what it thinks is "antique". As of the Cultural Revolution and China's opening trade to other countries, the government has tried to protect the definition of a Chinese antique."

"Antiquing" is the act of buying, telling if an antique is real, lowering prices, or buying antiques for cheap. People buy items for personal use, gifts, or to sell again. Sources for antiquing include garage sales and yard sales, estate sales, resort towns, antique districts, collectives, and international auction houses.

Note that "antiquing" also means the craft of making an object look antique through distressing or using antique-looking paints. Often, individuals get confused between these handmade vintage items and true antiques. People who are going to sell antiques and who don't know of the differences may find themselves paying a big amount of money for something that would have little value if re-sold.

Antique furniture is a popular area of antiques because furniture has can be used and has value. Many collectors use antique furniture pieces in their homes, and care for them with the hope that the value of these items will remain same or grow. This is different to buying new furniture, which typically decreases the value right after it is purchased.

Antique furniture includes dining tables, chairs, bureaus, chests etc. The most common woods are mahogany, oak, pine, walnut, and rosewood. Chinese antique furniture is often made with elm, a wood common to many regions in Asia. Each wood has a different grain and color. Many modern pieces of furniture use laminate or wood veneer to get the same effect. There are many different styles of antique furniture depending on when and where it was made. Some examples of stylistic periods are: Arts & Crafts, Georgian, Regency, and Victorian.

An important part of some antique furniture is its hardware, the style of which is different from one period to another. For example, Victorian era hardware is different from other period hardware and is thought of to be aesthetically defined; this is the reason for its popularity.

Jacques-Alexis Thuriot de la Rosière

Jacques-Alexis Thuriot known as Thuriot de la Rosière, and later as chevalier Thuriot de la Rosière, chevalier de l'Empire (1 May 1753 - 20 June 1829) was an important French statesman of the French Revolution, and a minor figure under the French Empire of Napoleon Bonaparte.

History of Costa Rica

The first indigenous peoples of Costa Rica were hunters and gatherers. When the Spanish conquerors arrived, Costa Rica was divided in two distinct cultural areas due to its location in the Intermediate Area, between Mesoamerican and the Andean cultures, with influences of both cultures.

Christopher Columbus first landed in Costa Rica in 1502 at Isla Uvita. His forces overcame the indigenous people. He incorporated the territory into the Captaincy General of Guatemala as a province of New Spain in 1524. For the next 300 years, Costa Rica was a colony of Spain. Costa Rica's culture has been greatly influenced by the culture of Spain. During this period, Costa Rica remained sparsely developed and impoverished.

Nangolo Mbumba

Nangolo Mbumba is a Namibian politician who currently serves as the 2nd Vice-President of Namibia. He has held several ministerial positions in the Namibian government, including Minister of Agriculture, Water and Rural Development, Minister of Finance, Minister of Information and Broadcasting, Minister of Education, and Minister of Safety and Security . Mbumba is a member of the South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO) . He was born on August 15, 1941, in Olukonda, Namibia.

Colt Cabana

Scott Colton (born May 6, 1980) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Colt Cabana. He also wrestles for their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH).

He has also spent time wrestling in Wrestling Society X, World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE), Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Chikara, and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW).

During the Buy-In for Revolution, Cabana would make his debut in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He would save SoCal Uncensored from a beatdown by The Dark Order. On March 1, 2020, it was announced that Cabana had signed a contract with the company. Cabana would make his AEW in-ring debut on the March 3 episode of "Dynamite". He would team with SCU and they would defeat Dark Order. Cabana would enter the tournament to crown the first AEW TNT Champion. Cabana would lose in the first round to Lance Archer on the March 15 episode of "Dynamite".

At Double or Nothing, Cabana would compete in the Casino Ladder Match to try and earn a future match for the AEW World Championship but the match would be won by Brian Cage. The following "Dynamite", Cabana would compete in a battle royal to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW TNT Championship. The match would be won by Jungle Boy.

On the June 3 and 10 episodes of "Dynamite", Cabana would suffer losses to Chris Jericho and Sammy Guevara. 

After seeing his losing streak, Cabana would be approached by Mr. Brodie Lee and he would try and get Cabana to join his Dark Order stable. Cabana would then start teaming with Dark Order before officially joining them.

On the November 2, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Cabana would challenge Chris Jericho for the ROH World Championship but would be defeated.

Greg Casar

Gregorio Eduardo Casar (born May 4, 1989) is an American politician who is the member of the United States House of Representatives from Texas's 35th congressional district since 2023. He was a member of the Austin City Council from the 4th district from 2015 to 2022. Casar is a member of the Democratic Party. Casar is an unofficial member of the Democratic Socialists of America.

Guy Gardner (character)

Guy Darrin Gardner is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by John Broome and Gil Kane, and first appeared in "Green Lantern" #59 (March 1968). He is one of the characters known as Green Lantern, usually in association with the Green Lantern Corps, of which he is a member. The character has also been a member of the superhero team, the Justice League.

Guy Gardner has been played by Matthew Settle in the television pilot "Justice League of America". He will be played by Nathan Fillon in the upcoming movie "Superman" (2025), set in the DC Universe. 

Allegiant Stadium

Allegiant Stadium is an American football stadium located in Paradise, Nevada that serves as the home for the Las Vegas Raiders of the National Football League (NFL) and the UNLV Rebels football team. 

They first started to build the stadium on November 13, 2017. The stadium was first supposed to hold a Garth Brooks concert but it was pushed back because of the COVID-19 pandemic. The Raiders first started playing in the stadium on September 21, 2020. In their first game, they defeated the New Orleans Saints 34–24 in a "Monday Night Football" game.

On August 5, 2019, sponsorship naming rights were sold to Allegiant Air and the stadium was renamed Allegiant Stadium. The naming rights will last for 30 years.

On August 21, 2021, WWE hosted their SummerSlam event at the stadium.

The stadium hosted Super Bowl LVIII on February 11, 2024.

Knock down ginger

Knock down ginger (also known as Ding dong ditch) is a game where a prankster knocks on the victim's door and run away before they can be answered. In most cases, the victim may not choose to call the police. If they decide to, the prankster can be charged with trespassing and disturbing the peace.

Ford Field

Ford Field is an American football stadium located in Detroit, Michigan that serves as the home for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL), as well as the Michigan Panthers and Philadelphia Stars and the United States Football League (USFL).

They first started to build the stadium on November 16, 1999. The Lions first started playing in the stadium on August 24, 2002. In their first pre-season game, they were defeated by the Pittsburgh Steelers 35–22.

On October 13, 1996, sponsorship naming rights were sold to Ford Motor Company and the stadium was renamed Ford Field. The naming rights were bought for $40 million will last for 20 years. The Ford family have also owned the Lions since 1963.

On April 1, 2007, WWE hosted their WrestleMania 23 event at the stadium. The event would set the then-all-time attendance record at the stadium with 80,103 people. WWE would also host SummerSlam at the stadium on August 5, 2023.

Namor

Namor McKenzie, also known simply as Namor, or Namor the Sub-Mariner is a major character and recurring antagonist of the Marvel Comics universe.

Considered to be the first mutant and the ruler of Atlantis, he developed a rather pernicious nature. This resulted him coming into conflict with Black Panther along with various other heroes, such as the Avengers; the X-Men; and the Fantastic Four.

The character made its live-action cinematic debut in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) movie "" (2022), in which he was played by Mexican actor Tenoch Huerta Mejía.

