Erin Fitzgerald

Erin Fitzgerald (born September 21, 1972) is a Canadian voice actress who voices Raven Queen in "Ever After High", Olive in "Rivit Monsters", Mippy in "" and "" and Queen Archer in "North Woods".

Capsule hotel

A capsule hotel is a lodging establishment where the "rooms" are sleeping compartments called capsules that each are the size of a single bed. Like in a hostel, the bathroom facilities are communal. Capsule hotels originated in Japan for long distance commuters who needed safe places to crash for the night and during the 2008 recession provided temporary housing for the underemployed. These hotels have since spread to other countries like China, Indonesia, India, Iceland, Belgium and Poland.

Japanese: カプセルホテル, "kapuseru hoteru" (capsule hotel)

Apartment hotel

An extended stay hotel, apartel or serviced apartment building is a lodging establishment that rents hotel rooms or suites on a longer term basis than traditional hotels. They can make great alternatives to traditional apartment complexes as there's no lease involved, yet the units offer similar amenities to conventional apartments, such as kitchenettes so people can cook in their rooms instead of going to restaurants for every meal. Units in extended stay hotels usually rent by the week and communial facilities usually include a guest laundromat, conference rooms \ business centres, cafes, etc.

Bengal Army

Bengal army was an British Indian army which was active in Bengal presidency.

Madras Army

Madras Army was an British Indian Army which was working in Madras (now Chennai) presidency. It was main force of Southern India during British rule.

Aamir Kaleem

Aamir Kaleem was born 20 November, 1981 in Karachi, Pakistan. He is an Oman cricketer who played 3 One-day Internationals and 29 Twenty20 Internationals for Oman.


Jan-Berry Burger

Andries Johannes Burger was born 25 August, 1981 in Newcastle, South Africa. He played 6 One-day internationals for Namibia at the 2003 Cricket World Cup and scored the then highest score of 85 against England.

Whitehorse Hill

Whitehorse Hill is a hill in the Berkshire Downs in Oxfordshire, England.

Battle of Nasibpur

The Battle of Narnaul (also called Battle of Nasibpur) was fought on 16 November 1857, between the British Raj and Ahirwal Kings during the First War of Indian Independence. In 1857, Pran Sukh Yadav, Rao Tula Ram (ruler of Ahirwal), Rao Gopal Dev and Rao Dhan Singh (Jagirdar of Charkhi-Dadri) with their army of 5,000 infantry and 2,000 cavalry fought with the British at Nasibpur fort in Narnaul. The battle was one of the most ferocious battles of the First War of Indian Independence. During the Battle of Narnaul at Nasibpur on 16 November 1857, British lost 7000 British soldiers and their commanders Colonel Gerrard and Captain Wallace.More than 2000 British soldiers and officers Captain Craige, Captain Kennedy and Captain Pearse were wounded. Colonel Gerrard died after getting mortally wounded in a military engagement against Rao Kishan Singh.Later, Pran Sukh Yadav settled at the village of Nihalpura and rehabilitated the kin of dead soldiers.

Rao Krishan Gopal, from Nangal Pathani village of Gurgaon district was the Kotwal of Meerut, who had played a prominent part in collaboration with Rao Tula Ram, Rao Gopal Dev, Rao Laxmi Chand and Pran Sukh Yadav, by organising the patriotic forces and participating in several battles against the British troops. He and his younger brother, Rao Ram Lal, were killed in this battle of Nasibpur.

David Holford

David Anthony Jerome Holford was born 16 April, 1940 and died 30 May, 2022. He was a West Indies cricketer who played 24 test matches scoring 768 runs and one test century. He was the cousin of the cricketing legend Garfield Sobers.

Abdullah ibn Abdul-Muttalib

Abdullah ibn Abd al-Muttalib (; ; -570) was the father of the Islamic prophet Muhammad.

DHL Aero Expreso Flight 7216

DHL Aero Expresso Flight 7216 (D07216) was an international cargo flight between Juan Santamaría International Airport, Costa Rica, and La Aurora International Airport, Guatemala City. On April 7, 2022, a Boeing 757-27A aircraft, registration HP-2010DAE, while performing service D07216, crashed at the Costa Rican airport with two crew members on board.

The flight took off at 9:34 a.m. local time (UTC-6:00) from Juan Santamaría airport to La Aurora international airport for cargo delivery. However, while flying over the Costa Rican town of San Carlos, the aircraft declared an emergency due to hydraulic problems, so it made the decision to return to the air terminal, after holding a pattern to burn fuel, and touched down at 10:25 a.m. (local time). 

According to the videos recorded from the airport, the aircraft skidded on runway 07, turned south on the Kilo taxiway and lost its way, crashing into a ditch in front of the Costa Rica Fire Station and crashing. split in two. 

The pilot and co-pilot were evacuated in stable condition for further evaluation.

The accident aircraft was a Boeing 757-27A, serial number 29610 LN:904, used by DHL Aero Expresso for its cargo flights;  and powered by two Pratt & Whitney PW2037 engines. 

It was manufactured in the year 1996 and began operations as a passenger aircraft. Its first flight occurred on December 7, 1999 by the airline Far Eastern Air Transport, until 2002 when it passed into the hands of EVA Air and then in 2003 back to Far Eastern which operated it until May 13, 2008. when it ceased operations. On November 2, 2010, it passed into the hands of Aerolease and was converted into a freighter in October of that same year to be used by DHL Aero Expresso. 

In the period prior to the incident, the device flew quite frequently transporting cargo between the cities of San José, Mexico City, Guatemala City and others in Latin America. 

On February 11, 2022, the accident plane made an emergency landing without flaps at the Mexico City international airport, after declaring an emergency. On March 26, 2022, the same plane made an emergency landing at the airport Juan Santamaría from Costa Rica shortly after taking off for Guatemala, after suffering a loss of cabin pressurization.

Luis Eduardo Miranda Muñoz, deputy director of the General Directorate of Civil Aviation of Costa Rica, told the media that the plane declared an emergency when it was 35 miles (56 kilometers) north of the Juan Santamaría airport and at an altitude of 19,000 feet ( 5.79 kilometers).

The pilot, of Guatemalan origin, notified the control tower that they had problems with the hydraulic service, so he requested to return to the airport, going first to the waiting area located 25 miles southwest of the airport, on the Pacific coast of Costa Rica. At 10:00 am. The pilot in command declared an emergency and requested instructions to descend on runway 07.

At the time of touchdown, the pilots applied the brakes, however, due to hydraulic problems on the left side, they began to skid on the runway. The plane made a 180-degree turn until it fell into a ditch next to the street that connects the air terminal with the station of the Meritorious Fire Department of Costa Rica, where it split in two at the height of the tail. The plane's wings, the two engines, the landing gear and the fuselage suffered considerable damage.

The aircraft did not explode or catch fire. The Director General of Firefighters, Héctor Chaves, reported that the fuel tanks in the plane's wings were in a "complete" state and that the presence of hazardous materials was ruled out. Firefighters mobilized a total of fourteen vehicle units to attend to the emergency, including tanks, rapid attack units, handling of hazardous materials, fire extinguishers, ambulances and tanks.

The two crew members of the plane did not suffer serious injuries and were taken to hospital because their nervous condition was altered. Since an emergency was declared over the Parza waiting area, the Juan Santamaría airport was closed and remained so for up to five hours. Once the inspection work of the terminal's only takeoff and landing runway was completed, its reopening was authorized.

Some thirty commercial and cargo flights were affected by the temporary closure of operations; several of the planes were diverted to their alternate airport and the international flights whose destination was Costa Rica landed at the Daniel Oduber Quirós International Airport in Liberia, Guanacaste, forcing passengers to make a five-hour trip in land vehicles to reach the capital.

The aircraft was written off as a result of the crash.


Scinax cabralensis

Scinax cabralensis is a frog. It lives in Brazil.
This frog has spots on its back and stripes on its back legs. Its nose looks round from the top.

Laundromat

A laundromat, laundrette, self-service laundry, coin laundry, or coin-wash is a business where people can wash their own clothes.

While most homes have their own washers and dryers, laundromats are still very popular with people who live in apartments and those who do not have their own machines. They are also used, even by those who have their own machines, for large bedding and other items that normal house washers cannot fit.
Some UK households have bedding (such as duvets and comforters) that are much too big to fit inside of home washing machines, and UK households may not have dryers, making laundromats the only way available for cleaning them or drying them.

Eloquent silence (Rotta)

Eloquent silence (also known as Silenzio eloquente) is a 19th-century painted in oil on panel made by Antonio Rotta, in 1850, in Venice, Italy. The artwork measures centimeters 26 x 36, exhibited at the Museum Palazzo Forti modern art gallery in Verona in Italy (named GAM Verona).

The art work describes the typical Venetian environnement noble du XVIIIème siècle la scène se déroule dans une salle avec un noble vénitien assis sur une chaise à trois pieds pendant que la dame lit sa correspondance.

Antonio Rotta, who often portrays socially humble conditions, is a painter typically present in the homes of the high nobility of Italy and Europe. Rotta's works depicting intimate scenes in interiors that describe the daily life of the nobility are therefore the most precious.



Five Poisons

The Five Poisons (Chinese: 五毒; Pinyin: "wǔ dú"; Jyutping: "ng5 duk6"; Vietnamese: "Ngũ độc") can refer to:
Scorpions.
Centipedes.
Toads.
Spiders.

István Szőke

István Szőke (13 February 1947 – 1 June 2022) was a Hungarian footballer. He played as a midfielder for Ferencvárosi TC from 1965 until 1974. He also played for the Hungary national team from 1969 until 1973, making 13 appearances. He was born in Budapest, Hungary.

Szőke died on 1 June 2022 in Budapest of a stroke, aged 75.

Andrée Geulen

Andrée Geulen-Herscovici (6 September 1921 – 31 May 2022) was a Belgian teacher. She was a member of the Belgian Resistance during the German occupation of Belgium during World War II. She was a member of the Comité de Défense des Juifs group. She took part in the rescue of almost 1,000 Jewish children during the Holocaust.

In 1989, Geulen was recognized with the honorific Righteous Among the Nations.

Geulen turned 100 in September 2021. She died on 31 May 2022 in Ixelles, Belgium.

Takeyoshi Tanuma

In 2019, the Japanese government honoured him with the Order of Culture.

Tanuma died on June 1, 2022 at his Tokyo home, aged 93.

Uri Zohar

Uri Zohar () (4 November 1935 – 2 June 2022) was an Israeli movie director, actor and comedian who later became an Orthodox rabbi. Zohar was born in Tel Aviv, Israel. His entertainment career lasted from 1956 to 1988. His best known movies were "Hole in the Moon", "Three Days and a Child", "Every Bastard a King", "Big Eyes" and "Metzitzim".

Zohar died on 2 June 2022 from a heart attack at his home in Jerusalem, Israel at the age of 86.

Luigi Einaudi

Luigi Numa Lorenzo Einaudi (; 24 March 1874 – 30 October 1961) was an Italian politician and economist. He was the president of Italy from 1948 to 1955.

Claudio Martelli

Claudio Martelli (born 24 September 1943) is an Italian politician. He was the Minister of Justice from 1991 until 1993. Before, he was the Deputy Prime Minister of Italy from 1989 until 1992. He resigned as Justice Minister due to a corruption scandal.

In 2020, Martelli married Deputy Lia Quartapelle.

Gessate

Gessate ( ) is a "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region Lombardy. It is about northeast of Milan.

Lia Quartapelle

Lia Quartapelle (born 15 August 1982) is an Italian politician of the Democratic Party (PD). In 2013, she was elected as a Member of the Chamber of Deputies. Quartapelle was born in Varese, Italy.

In 2020, she married former Justice Minister Claudio Martelli.

Andy Goram

Andrew Lewis Goram (13 April 1964 – 2 July 2022) is a Scottish former footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He was born in Bury, Lancashire, England.

He started his career with Oldham Athletic in 1981 and later began playing for Hibernian in 1987. He is best remembered for playing for Rangers during the 1990s. Goram appeared in 43 international matches for Scotland from 1985 until 1998.

Goram also represented Scotland at cricket.

In May 2022, Goram was diagnosed with terminal oesophageal cancer. Goram died on 2 July 2022, aged 58.

Rangers

Manchester United

Queen of the South

Individual

Elvis (2022 movie)

Elvis is a 2022 biographical musical drama movie directed by Baz Luhrmann. The movie stars Austin Butler as the title character, Tom Hanks, Helen Thomson, Richard Roxburgh, Olivia DeJonge, Luke Bracey, Natasha Bassett, David Wenham, Kelvin Harrison Jr., Xavier Samuel, and Kodi Smit-McPhee. 

"Elvis" premiered at the Cannes Film Festival on May 25, 2022. It was theatrically released in Australia on June 23, 2022, and in the United States on June 24, by Warner Bros. Pictures. The movie had positive reviews from critics.

At the 95th Academy Awards, it was nominated for Best Picture.

The soundtrack to the movie was released by RCA Records on the same day as the theatrical release of the movie. It is produced by Baz Luhrmann and Anton Monstead, who also worked on the soundtrack of "The Great Gatsby". The album contains 36 songs. 

2022 in movies

Carl Stiner

Carl Wade Stiner (September 7, 1936 – June 2, 2022) was a United States Army four-star general. He was Commander in Chief, United States Special Operations Command (USCINCSOC) from 1990 to 1993. Stiner was born in LaFollette, Tennessee.

Stiner died on June 2, 2022 at a hospital in Knoxville, Tennessee at the age of 85.

LaFollette, Tennessee

LaFollette is a city in Campbell County, Tennessee, United States. Its population was 7,430 at the 2020 census.

Initiative for RECOM

Initiative for RECOM (Albanian: "Nisma për KOMRA"; Bosnian/ Croatian: "Inicijativa za REKOM"; English: "Initiative for RECOM"; Macedonian/ Serbian: "Иницијатива за РЕКОМ"; Slovenian: "Pobuda za REKOM"), full name Initiative for the establishment of a Regional Commission tasked with establishing the facts about all victims of war crimes and other serious human rights violations committed on the territory of the former SFR Yugoslavia in the period from January 1, 1991 to December 31, 2001, was an initiative to establish a regional commission for truth by agreement between the states of the former Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia.

The Initiative for RECOM is represented in public through the RECOM Reconciliation Network (until 2019, Coalition for RECOM), which is the largest network of non-governmental organizations (more than 2,200 members) in the countries of the former SFR Yugoslavia. In 2019, RECOM Reconciliation Network gave up further insistence on the successor states of the SFRY to establish an intergovernmental commission. On that occasion, it took care and responsibility to make a list of victims of the wars caused by the disintegration of SFR Yugoslavia. The coordinator of the RECOM Reconciliation Network is Nataša Kandić.


Housesitter

Housesitter is a 1992 American romantic comedy movie directed by Frank Oz and starring Steve Martin, Goldie Hawn, Dana Delany, Julie Harris, Donald Moffat, Peter MacNicol, Ken Cheeseman. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Ion Horea

Ion Horea (1929 - 2019) was a Romanian poet and magazine editor.

After graduating from high school, Horea studied fine arts for two years at the before studying at the "Mihai Eminescu" School of Literature in Bucharest.

Horea won several awards during his life time:
A poetry festival named in his honor was held for the first time in 2020.


The Croods: A New Age

The Croods: A New Age is a 2020 American computer-animated action/comedy movie directed by Joel Crawford. It is a sequel to the 2013 animated movie "The Croods". It was released on November 25, 2020. It received good reviews from critics.

Giuseppe Tartini

Giuseppe Tartini (8 April 1692 26 February 1770) was an Italian composer and violinist.

Tartini was born in Pirano, Republic of Venice (today it is a part of Slovenia). His father wanted him to become a priest. So, he joined the Franciscans. He learned rhetorics and music. He went to Padua to study law at the Padua University. He also practiced fencing.

After his father died, he married Elisabetta Premazore. Cardinal Giorgio Cornaro thought that Tartini had kidnapped her. So, Tartini had to run away to Rome. He had to leave his wife in Padua. He stopped at Assisi. He stayed at the convent of St. Francis. He was safe from the cardinal. There, he studied playing the violin. He also learned music theory with Bohuslav Matěj Černohorský.

Tartini went to Venice. There, he heard Francesco Maria Veracini play the violin in 1716. He was impressed by Veracini's playing. He was not happy with his own playing. So, he went away to make his violin playing even better.

Tartini became famous in Europe. He became the "Kapellmeister" of the Basilica of St. Anthony of Padua in 1721. People who wanted to become "Kapellmeister" at the basilica had to take an exam. Tartini did not need to take the exam. People thought his violin playing was already perfect. He played the violin on Emperor Charles VI's coronation as king of Bohemia in 1724.

Tartini worked in Prague for three years. He returned to Padua in 1728. He went back to being the "Kapellmeister" of the Basilica of St. Anthony. People from many countries wanted Tartini to work for them. However, he did not want to leave Padua.

He created a violin school in Padua in 1727. Tartini not only taught playing the violin, but also writing music. Students from many countries came to study with him. One of his most famous students was Johann Gottlieb Graun.

Tartini started to write about music theory. He also became interested in mathematics. He published a book titled in 1754. The book was criticized for being too hard to understand. He published another book, titled . 

Tartini died in 26 February 1770 in Padua. He was buried in the church of Church of St. Catherine, Padua.

Tartini mostly wrote violin sonatas and violin concertos. He published a set of violin sonatas in 1734. He did not write any operas. His most famous piece of music is the "Devil's Trill" sonata. Legend says that he made a agreement with the devil. Tartini gave the devil his violin. The devil played a violin sonata. Tartini was impressed. He tried to write down the sonata. However, it was not as good as what the devil had played. This is why the sonata is called the "Devil's Trill".


Mikhail Ulyanov

Mikhail Alexandrovich Ulyanov (; 20 November 1927 – 26 March 2007) was a Soviet and Russian actor. He was one recognized persons from post-World War II Soviet theatre and cinema. He was named a People's Artist of the USSR in 1969. He was also called a Hero of Socialist Labour in 1986. In 1982, he got the special prize from the Venice Film Festival.

Ulyanov has won these awards:



St. Matthew, Leipzig

The St. Matthew Church was a church in Leipzig, Germany. It was built in 1488. At first, it was a Franciscan church. From 1699, it was a Lutheran church. It was known as the Neukirche (English: "New Church"). In 1867, a new congregation was created. They named the church Matthäikirche. It was destroyed in 1943 during the Second World War.

Roya TV

Roya TV is a Jordanian private independent satellite TV channel. It is based in Amman. It is owned by Sayegh Group.

Roya TV's programming has four periods: morning, mid-day, afternoon, and evening. Most of the content is based on live shows.

Vasily Sharangovich

Vasily Sharangovich (3/4/1897-3/15/1938) was a Soviet politician from Belarus who was the leader of the communist party from March till July 1937. He was executed by shooting on March 15 1938 during the Trial of the 21.

He was born in a small governorate, he as the people's comisar for justice from 1921 to 1922, he went abroad in 1925 for work in the official ussr until he was appointed leader, on March 13 1938 he was sentenced to death for being part of a counter-revolutionary terrorist group and was executed on March 15th.

He was born to a peasant family, worked as a locksmith and driver's assistant on the railroad in Molodeczno, in December 1917 he joined the RSDLP (b), from 1918 to December 1919 a Red Army soldier, participated in the civil war in Russia. In the years 1921–1924 he worked in the administration of justice of the Byelorussian SSR (1921-1922 he was deputy people's commissioner for justice of the Byelorussian SSR), later he was sent to party work in Siberia. From 1925 to 1937 he sat with breaks in the Central Committee of the KP (b) B. From March 18 to July 29, 1937, he headed KP (b) B.

During the great purge on July 27, 1937, he was arrested by the NKVD. Defendant in the third Moscow show trial (along with, among others, Nikolai Bukharin, Alexei Rykov and Gienrich Yagoda) before the Military College of the Supreme Court of the USSR. On March 13, 1938, he was sentenced to death on charges of participation in a counter-revolutionary terrorist organization. He was shot on March 15, 1938, at the site of Kommunark's execution, buried anonymously.

sentenced to death, commuted to 10 years in prison. After 18 months, he was exchanged for Polish prisoners. In 1921-23 deputy. People's Commissar of Justice of the Byelorussian SSR. In 1923-26 he was the executive secretary of the Council of Trade Unions of Belarus. In 1926-30 - at trade union and party work in Siberia, 1st secretary of the Irkutsk district committee of the CPSU (b). From Oct. 1930 to Feb. 1934 2nd Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party (b) of Belarus. Since 1934, he was a member of the Party Control Commission (CPC) under the Central Committee of the All-Union Communist Party of Bolsheviks, authorized by the CPC for Kazakhstan and the Kharkov region. Since March 1937, 1st Secretary of the Central Committee of the Communist Party (b) of Belarus. He led the deployment of a campaign of mass repressions in the republic. In June 1937, at the XVI Congress of the Communist Party (b) of Belarus, h≤e declared: “We must completely destroy the remnants of the Japanese-German and Polish spies and saboteurs, the remnants of the Trotsky-Bukharin gang and nationalist carrion, crush and grind them into powder, no matter how they disguise themselves no matter what hole they hide in." 17/7/1937 arrested. Involved as an accused in the trial in the case of the Right-Trotskyist Anti-Soviet Bloc. On March 13, 1938, he was sentenced to death. In the last word, he declared: "I felt the whole nightmare of the treacherous, treacherous crimes committed by me against the Soviet people, against the Soviet country. Anyone like me will certainly be crushed by all the might of Soviet power.”And then was shot. In 1957 he was rehabilitated, in 1958 he was reinstated in the party. Sharangovich was rehabilitated in 1958.
He was posthumously rehabilitated in 1958.

List of rulers of Belarus

This list shows a list of Belarusian rulers and communist-leaders and presidents since 945.





Picotechnology

Picotechnology is a hypothetical technology.


HomeGoods

HomeGoods is a chain of home furnishing stores headquartered in Framingham, Massachusetts. It was founded as a small chain in 1992, and grew to include hundreds of locations throughout the United States. HomeGoods sells furniture, linens, cooking products, art, and other home accessories.

HomeGoods is owned by TJX Companies, and is a sister company to T.J. Maxx, Sierra Trading Post, and Marshalls. The size of each store varies by location. There are locations in the United States that combine both the HomeGoods and the T.J. Maxx or Marshalls store brands in one building.

Sierra (retailer)

Sierra Trading Post, Inc., doing business as Sierra, is an online and brick-and-mortar retailer of off-price merchandise operated by the TJX Companies. The Framingham, Massachusetts–based company offers products in categories such as outdoor recreation, fitness and adventure gear, and apparel, along with footwear, clothing, and home decor. Sierra sells merchandise through 46 retail stores as of November 2019 and a company website. It carries products from approximately 3,000 name-brand manufacturers.

Sierratradingpost.com launched in December 1998 and was included in the "Internet Retailer Top 400 List" in 2004 and the "Top 500 List" in 2005, 2006, 2007, 2010 and 2011.

Manual

Manual may refer to:


TJX Companies

The TJX Companies, Inc. (abbreviated TJX) is an American multinational off-price department store corporation, headquartered in Framingham, Massachusetts. It was formed as a subsidiary of Zayre Corp. in 1987, and became the legal successor to Zayre Corp. following a company reorganization in 1989.

As of 2019, TJX operates its flagship brand, TJ Maxx (in the United States) and TK Maxx (in Australia and Europe), Marshalls, HomeGoods, HomeSense, Sierra in the United States, and HomeSense, Marshalls, Winners in Canada. There are over 4,557 discount stores in the TJX portfolio located in nine countries. TJX ranked No. 97 in the 2021 Fortune 500 list of the largest United States corporations by total revenue.

Ashley Stewart

Ashley Stewart is an American plus size women's clothing company and lifestyle brand, which was founded in 1991. The name Ashley Stewart was inspired by Laura Ashley and Martha Stewart, who the company saw as icons of upscale Americana

How to Create a Mind

How to Create a Mind is a book by Ray Kurzweil about biological and mechanical brains. It suggests that there is a hierarchy of pattern recognizers in each brain.

De novo lipogenesis

De novo lipogenesis (DNL) is a complex and highly regulated metabolic pathway. In normal conditions DNL converts excess carbohydrate into fatty acids that are then esterified to storage triacylglycerols (TGs). These TGs could later provide energy via β-oxidation.

Glycogenolysis

Glycogenolysis is the biochemical pathway in which glycogen breaks down into glucose-1-phosphate and glucose. The reaction takes place in the hepatocytes and the myocytes. The process is under the regulation of two key enzymes: phosphorylase kinase and glycogen phosphorylase

The Singularity Is Near

The Singularity is Near: When Humans Transcend Biology (2005) is a book about artificial intelligence by Ray Kurzweil. He describes his "law of accelerating returns". This predicts an exponential increase in the power of such technologies as computers, genetic engineering, nanotechnology, robotics and artificial intelligence. 

The author thinks this means machine intelligence will become more advanced than biological intelligence. Cyborg intelligence ends up being dominant. The book also predicts that when the "technological singularity" comes, humans may merge with machines and become androids or cyborgs.

It is not the first time this idea has been suggested. It has a long history in science fiction, and has been presented in several films, such as .

Reviews of the book were mixed.

The Age of Spiritual Machines

The Age of Spiritual Machines is a book by Ray Kurzweil. It is about artificial intelligence and the future of humanity.

The 10% Solution for a Healthy Life

The 10% Solution for a Healthy Life is a health book by Ray Kurzweil that suggests reducing fat intake and making other dietary changes to extend one's life expectancy so that they will likely still be alive when anti-aging, cybernetic immortality and mind uploading technologies become available.

Nick Bostrom

Nick Bostrom is a Swedish philosopher at the University of Oxford. He's most well known for his work on artificial intelligence and the ethics of ai.

Gerardo Rozin

Gerardo Rozín (; 18 June 1970 – 11 March 2022) was an Argentine journalist, producer and radio and television presenter.

Rozín recounted that he was initiated into journalism by a friend when he was 12 years old.

He was mainly recognized for having been the host of several Argentine television programs such as "Gracias por venir, gracias por estar", "Morfi todos a la mesa" and "La peña de Morfi", on the Telefe channel.


He died on March 11, 2022 at his home in the Buenos Aires neighborhood of Núñez, at the age of 51, due to a malignant brain tumor that was diagnosed the previous year.

List of Ireland Test cricketers

This is a list of Ireland Test cricketers. Ireland were granted full membership and therefore Test status at the International Cricket Council's annual conference held on 22 June 2017, after having been one of the leading associate members for many years. Ireland played their first Test match in May 2018 against Pakistan at the Malahide Cricket Club Ground in Dublin.

A Test match is an international cricket match between two representative teams that are full members of the ICC. Both teams have two innings, and the match lasts up to five days.

The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first Test cap. Where more than one player won his first Test cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.


Confident (album)

Confident is the fifth studio album by American singer Demi Lovato. The album was released on October 16, 2015 through Hollywood Records.

Notes

List of Scotland Twenty20 International cricketers

This list has all members of the Scotland cricket team who have played at least one T20I match.


Alone in the Dark (1982 movie)

Alone in the Dark is a 1982 American horror thriller movie directed by first time director Jack Sholder and starring Jack Palance, Donald Pleasence, Martin Landau, Dwight Schultz, Erland Van Lidth, Brent Jennings. It was distributed by New Line Cinema.


Kurdistan (state)

Kurdistan (Kurdish: کوردستان or Kurdistan), is a imaginary state that the Kurdish nationalists want to be established in the Kurdish-dominated regions. Kurdish population is estimated to be between 36.4 and 45.6 million. 

The Corduene is ancient name of Kurdistan. 



The flag of Kurdistan (Kurdish: ئاڵای کوردستان, Alaya Kurdistanê) is the flag of Kurds and created by the Society for the Rise of Kurdistan in 1920. It would later, in different variants, be adopted as the national flag of different Kurdish states including Republic of Ararat, Republic of Mahabad and most recently by Kurdistan Region in 1992. Moreover, the Kingdom of Kurdistan used the crescent flag which was also considered a Kurdish flag. 

Man on a Swing

Man on a Swing is a 1974 American thriller movie directed by Frank Perry and starring Cliff Robertson, Joel Grey, Elizabeth Wilson, George Voskovec, Lane Smith, Peter Masterson, Gil Gerard, Nicholas Pryor, Clarice Blackburn, Penelope Milford, Clarence Felder. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The Delta Force

The Delta Force is a 1986 Israeli American action directed by Menahem Golan and starring Chuck Norris, Lee Marvin, Robert Vaughn, Liam Neeson, Kim Delaney, Robert Forster, Shelley Winters, Martin Balsam, Bo Svenson. It was distributed by Cannon Films and was followed up by two sequels.


List of Portugal Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Portuguese Twenty20 International cricketers.

Elliott wave theory

The Elliott Wave theory is a way to analyze the finance market. It is used to forecast market trends. It was invented by Ralph Nelson Elliott. He thought that prices follow some patterns, which are called "Elliott waves".

The River (1984 movie)

The River is a 1984 American drama movie directed by Mark Rydell and starring Mel Gibson, Sissy Spacek, James Tolkan, Jack Starrett, Scott Glenn. It was distributed by Universal Pictures and was a box office failure. It was nominated for 5 Academy Awards and won an Academy Award in 1985.


Scinax rogerioi

Scinax cabralensis is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists saw some frogs 1070 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 25.0 to 35.6 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 28.0 to 34.5 mm. Its head is as wide as its body, and its tongue is big and round. It has disks on its toes for climbing.

This frog is light yellow-green or gray-green in color. It has dark brown spots. The iris of its eye is the color of copper metal.

This frog lays eggs after it rains. They have many young in a short time. The males sit on short plants, rocks, or the ground near water. The males sing for the females.

Some of these frogs live where the laws of Brazil say people cannot hurt them: Parque Estadual do Itacolomi. It is in Minas Gerais.

The scientists who wrote the first paper about this frog named it after their friend Dr. Rogério P. Bastos. He is a scientist from the Universidade Federal de Goiás, and he works with frogs and toads from Brazil.

Russell A. Alger

Russell Alexander Alger (February 27, 1836 – January 24, 1907) was an American politician and businessman. He served as the 20th Governor of Michigan, U.S. Senator, and U.S. Secretary of War. He was also a army officer, financier, lumber baron and railroad owner.

Russell Alexander Alger was born on February 27, 1836, in Lafayette, Ohio. His parents were Russell and Caroline Alger (née Moulton).

His parents died in 1848, leaving Russell the oldest of three orphan children, without money and with a brother and sister to care for and support. He got used to working for the neighbors for a small quantity of resources or a few pennies a day even before the death of his parents, who were very poor.

He now found homes for his brother and sister and secured work for himself on a farm, his remuneration being his board, clothes and the privilege of attending school three months out of the year. He attended Richfield Academy in Summit County, Ohio, and taught country school for two winters.

He studied law in Akron, Ohio, and was admitted to the bar in March 1859. He first began to do law in Cleveland. In 1860, he moved to Grand Rapids, Michigan and engaged in the lumber business.

Alger enlisted as a soldier in the American Civil War on September 2, 1861. He served as a captain and major in the 2nd Michigan Cavalry Regiment. In three years, he served in 66 different battles and skirmishes

On July 11, 1862, at the Battle of Boonville, Alger tried to attack the Confederate rear with ninety men but he was wounded and taken prisoner, but escaped the same day and the Confederate forces were soundly defeated.

On October 16, he was made lieutenant colonel of the 6th Michigan Cavalry.

On February 28, 1863, he was made colonel of the 5th Michigan Cavalry. His command was one of the very first to enter Gettysburg on June 28.

On July 8, 1864, Alger was severely wounded while chasing the Confederates at Boonesborough, Maryland.

Alger participated in General Sheridan's Valley Campaigns of 1864 in Virginia. On June 11, 1864, at Trevillian Station, he captured many Confederate soldiers with his cavalry charge.

Alger left the army on September 20, 1864. On January 13, 1866, President Andrew Johnson made Alger a brevet brigadier general on June 11, 1865, and the U.S. Senate confirmed the award on March 12, 1866. On February 28, 1867, President Johnson nominated Alger for the award of the grade of brevet major general of volunteers to rank from June 11, 1865, and the U.S. Senate confirmed the award on March 2, 1867.

In 1868, he was elected the first commander of the Michigan department of the Grand Army of the Republic. In 1889, he became the Grand Army's National Commander-in-Chief. He was also a member of the Michigan Commandery of the Military Order of the Loyal Legion of the United States.

After the American Civil War, Alger lived in Detroit as head of Alger, Smith & Company and the Manistique Lumbering Company. His holdings included a great pine forest on Lake Huron covering over and producing more than of lumber by the year.

In order to transport the lumber, Alger led his company to create the Detroit, Bay City and Alpena Railroad, of which Alger served as president.

At the turn of the 20th century, he and Florida landowner Martin Sullivan established the Alger-Sullivan Lumber Company, which milled lumber in Foshee, Alabama and Century, Florida.

Alger was active in politics as a Republican. In 1866, he was a delegate to the party's Wayne County convention and its state convention. In the late 1860s, Alger was a leader of the Boys in Blue, an organization of veterans made to support Republican policies and candidates. In October 1872, Alger was a vice president of the assembly that organized a Republican event which featured a speech by James G. Blaine and served as the Speaker of the United States House of Representatives.

In June 1876, Alger was a vice president of the assembly which supported a Republican rally in Detroit that began that year's presidential campaign. In early October 1876, Alger was a vice president of the assembly that organized a mass Republican rally in Detroit which featured a speech by former governor Edward Follansbee Noyes of Ohio. In late October 1876, he was one of the vice presidents of the assembly that organized a Republican rally in Detroit which included a speech by U.S. Senator James G. Blaine of Maine.

In early June 1880, Alger was a delegate to a huge meeting of Union veterans which met in Chicago to make a plan for supporting Republican candidates in that year's elections. In mid-June, he presided over the Republican meeting in Detroit which was organized to approve the results of the 1880 Republican National Convention, which had been held earlier in the month.

In 1884, Alger was elected Governor of Michigan and served from January 1, 1885, to January 1, 1887. Highlights of his term included creation of the state board of pardons, the founding of a veterans home in Grand Rapids, the creation of two new counties (Alger and Iron), and creation of the Michigan College of Mines. Alger declined renomination in 1886.

Alger's name was placed in nomination for president at the 1888 Republican National Convention. He got 142 votes, with 416 necessary to win, but Benjamin Harrison got the nomination and then became president. After the election, Alger served as a presidential elector for Harrison.

On March 5, 1897, Alger was appointed Secretary of War in the Cabinet of President William McKinley.

As Secretary, Alger wanted pay increases for military personnel serving at foreign embassies and legations, legislation to authorize a Second Assistant Secretary of War, and a constabulary force for Cuba, Puerto Rico, and the Philippines.

He was criticized for the poor preparation and inefficient operation of the department during the Spanish–American War, especially for making William R. Shafter the leader of the Cuban expedition. "Algerism" became an epithet to describe the claimed incompetence of the army, especially as compared to the more stellar performance of the navy.

Alger left at President McKinley's request, August 1, 1899. He published a personal history of the war, titled "The Spanish–American War", in 1901.

John Singleton Mosby accused Alger of placing a feud against him during Alger's tenure as War Secretary. Mosby had been a Confederate soldier during the American Civil War. After that, he became a Republican and supported Presidents Ulysses S. Grant and Rutherford B. Hayes. In 1878, Hayes appointed Mosby to Hong Kong, where Mosby served until 1885.

Mosby supported William McKinley for president in 1896, and was assured by members of Congress close to McKinley that he could expect appointment to a career in Asia or South America. When there wasn't any appointment, Mosby concluded that Alger was blocking his return to his job and claimed that Alger was placing a feud. According to Mosby, because during the war Mosby had ordered the execution of soldiers under Alger's command who were accused of looting and destroying the property of supporters of the Confederacy in 1864.

On September 27, 1902, Alger was appointed by Michigan Governor Aaron T. Bliss to the United States Senate to fill the vacancy caused by the death of James McMillan. He was elected to the seat by the Michigan State Legislature in January 1903.

Alger was chairman of the Senate Committee on Pacific Railroads during the 59th Congress.

Alger was the founder of a prominent family, many of whom became involved in 20th century Michigan politics and active in the Republican Party.

The Algers had a home in Black River, Alcona Township, Michigan, from which Alger oversaw his lumbering operations.

On April 2, 1861, he married Annette Huldana Squire Henry of Grand Rapids. They had six children; Henrietta, Caroline, Frances, Russell Jr., Frederick, and Allan.

Frederick graduated from Harvard in 1899, served as a lieutenant colonel with the American Expeditionary Force in France during the First World War, and was awarded the French Legion of Honor.

Russell Jr. was instrumental in persuading the Packard Motor Car Company to move to Michigan from Ohio. He built a palatial Italian Renaissance style estate, "The Moorings," in Grosse Pointe. It was donated in 1949 and became the Grosse Pointe War Memorial.

He died in Washington, D.C., in 1907. He was buried at Elmwood Cemetery in Detroit, Michigan.

In a memorial address, Senator John Spooner of Wisconsin said of Alger, "No man without noble purpose, well-justified ambitions, strong fiber, and splendid qualities in abundance could have carved out and left behind him such a career."

An early movie entitled "General Wheeler and Secretary of War Alger at Camp Wikoff" documents an official visit to Camp Wikoff, New York as Secretary of War. The visit and film were produced to garner support from the New York newspapers.

In May 1898, the War Department established Camp Russell A. Alger on a farm near Falls Church and Dunn Loring, Virginia. Faced with a typhoid fever epidemic, it was abandoned the month at the war's end in August 1898 and sold the following month. In its brief existence, 23,000 men trained there for service. It is known by an official Virginia historical marker.


In 1909, a monument to Alger was erected on the William G. Mather Building in Munising, Michigan. It consists of a bronze bust of Alger on a stone pedestal, and was sculpted by Detroit sculptor Carlo Romanelli with funds provided by the heirs of Alger and by the Board of Education of the Munising Township Schools.

In 1921, a memorial fountain to Alger was built in Grand Circus Park, Detroit by sculptor Daniel Chester French and architect Henry Bacon.


 Retrieved on 2008-02-11


Tulsa hospital shooting

On June 1, 2022, 45-year old Michael Louis shot several people at the Natalie Building, part of Saint Francis Hospital, in Tulsa, Oklahoma, United States. 

He killed four people, three of whom were hospital staff, and injured no more than ten. Louis then committed suicide.

Louis had surgery at the hospital a few days before the shooting and targeted his surgeon because of him not helping with Louis's back pain.
The shooting happened eight days after the Robb Elementary School shooting in Uvalde, Texas. 

Andrey Gaponov-Grekhov

Andrei Viktorovich Gaponov-Grekhov (; 7 June 1926 – 2 June 2022) was a Russian physicist. He was a professor at N. I. Lobachevsky State University of Nizhny Novgorod. He was born in Moscow. In 1991, he became a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences.

Gaponov-Grekhov died on 2 June 2022 in Moscow, Russia at the age of 95.

Barry Sussman

Barry Sussman (July 10, 1934 – June 1, 2022) was an American editor, author, and public opinion analyst. He was a city news editor at "The Washington Post". He was known for reporting the Watergate break-in and the Watergate scandal.

Sussman died on June 1, 2022 at his home in Rockville, Maryland from a gastrointestinal hemorrhage, aged 87.

Bluegill

The bluegill ("Lepomis macrochirus"), sometimes known as "bream", "brim", "sunny", "copper nose" or "perch" as is common in Texas, is a species of freshwater fish of the family Centrarchidae (sunfish) from the order Perciformes. They are found in North America and commonly found in streams, rivers, lakes, ponds and wetlands east of the Rockies.

The bluegill is the state fish of Illinois.

Cáca Milis

Cáca Milis () is a 2001 Irish short movie starring Charlotte Bradley and Brendan Gleeson.

Catherine takes care of her elderly mother. She is alone for the only time of the day, and reads a romantic novel in a train. Pól, a blind man with asthma, sits on the other side of the table. His noises, questions and stories annoy her, so she lies to him. She says a worm is in a piece of his cake, making him panic and have an asthma attack. Catherine quietly hides his inhaler, which he looks for. As he loses breath, she places it just out of his reach. He falls over in his seat as she leaves the train.


It is a cult classic among many young Irish people, who study it for the Leaving Cert's Irish exams.


Belauntza

Belauntza () is a municipality in the province of Gipuzkoa, in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain.

Chesterfield Township, Michigan

Chesterfield Charter Township is a charter township in Macomb County in the U.S. state of Michigan. As of the 2020 census, 45,376 people lived there.

The township was founded in 1842 and is part of Metro Detroit.

Staufen im Breisgau

Staufen im Breisgau is a town in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. In 2019, about 8,300 people live there.


Schwörstadt

Schwörstadt is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Steinen, Baden-Württemberg

Steinen is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Bülow, Germany

Bülow is a municipality in Ludwigslust-Parchim in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany.

Verl

Verl is a town in Gütersloh in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 25,000 people live there.

Axbridge

Axbridge is a town in Sedgemoor district, Somerset, England. It is on the River Axe. In 2011, 2,057 people lived in Axbridge.

Kevin Mbabu

Melingo Kevin Mbabu (born 19 April 1995) is a Swiss football player. He plays as a defender for Bundesliga club VfL Wolfsburg and the Switzerland national team.

Collonges-sous-Salève

Collonges-sous-Salève is a commune in the Haute-Savoie department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France. It is on the Swiss border.

Neuenburg am Rhein

Neuenburg am Rhein is a town in Breisgau-Hochschwarzwald in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Hohentengen am Hochrhein

Hohentengen am Hochrhein is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Karakol

Karakol (, "Qaraqol"/"Karakol", formerly Przhevalsk (), is a city of about 68,800 people in Kyrgyzstan, near the eastern tip of Lake Issyk-Kul and about from the Kyrgyz-Chinese border. It is the capital of Issyk-Kul Region.

Its area is and 66,294 people lived here in 2009.

Bulgarian Socialist Party

The Bulgarian Socialist Party is a center-left, social democratic political party in Bulgaria.

Radio BIP

Radio BIP (in french of Franche-Comté : "Bisontine, Indépendante et Populaire" ; in english : "Bisontine, Independant and Popular") is a French local FM broadcasting station, active in Besançon and Bourgogne-Franche-Comté. Clandestine in 1977-1978, she was refounded in 1981 by the activist Jean-Jacques Boy with a status of voluntary association. This media is known for its coverage about human rights, social movements and far-right politics.

Ron's Gone Wrong

Ron's Gone Wrong is a 2021 computer-animated science fiction comedy movie. It was directed by Sarah Smith and Jean-Philippe Vine, co-directed by Octavio E. Rodriguez, produced by Karen Disher and Vicky Jenson, and written by Genndy Tartakovsky and Smith. The film features the voice of Jack Dylan Grazer as Barney, a socially awkward middle-schooler who befriends a defective robot he names Ron, voiced by Zach Galifianakis. Barney must find a way to protect Ron, who comes under danger from corporate employees. Additional voices include Ed Helms, Justice Smith, Rob Delaney, Kylie Cantrall, Ricardo Hurtado and Olivia Colman.
Additionally, Bentley Kalu voices a cop, John Macmillan voices Shayne the Biker, David Menkin voices Mr. Cleaver, and Iara Nemirovsky voices Ellie. Liam Payne voices a B-bot who gets kicked by Andrew in a cameo appearance, respectively.


Hantay

Hantay is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,281 people lived there.


Fretin

Fretin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,290 people lived there.


Bissezeele

Bissezeele is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 253 people lived there.


Anne-Sophie Mutter

Anne-Sophie Mutter (born June 29, 1963) is a German violinist. 

Mutter was born in Rheinfelden, Baden-Wurttemberg in Germany, a town very close to Switzerland. She started to play the piano at five and learned the violin soon after. Eventually, she took up studies and violin lessons at the Winterthur Conservatory in Switzerland. 

Mutter's abilities as a violinist began to be recognized. Herbert von Karajan, the conductor of the Berlin Philharmonic, helped Mutter to establish her career as a violin soloist. At age 13, Mutter made her debut with the Berlin Philharmonic. 

Mutter has performed in many concert halls around the world. She performs both traditional classical works and contemporary music. 

Several contemporary composers, including Sebastian Currier, Henri Dutilleux, Sofia Gubaidulina, Witold Lutosławski, Norbert Moret, Krzysztof Penderecki, André Previn, Wolfgang Rihm, and John Williams have composed works for her. 

Mutter's repertoire includes both classical works and contemporary music. Mutter's discography includes works by Mozart, Beethoven, Mendelsohn, Brahms, Tchaikovsky, Bartok, Vivaldi, Schubert, and others. 

Recently, Mutter has collaborated and toured with John Williams, performing music he composed particularly for her and his film scores. 

Mutter owns and plays two Stradivarius violins: the Emiliani of 1703 and the Lord Dunn-Raven Stradivarius of 1710. Her other violins include a Finnigan-Klaembt dated 1999 and a Regazzi dated 2005. 


Mutter primarily records with Deutsche Grammophon, from which about 50 CDs have been released.

Blaringhem

Blaringhem is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,059 people lived there.


Someday (Mariah Carey song)

"Someday" is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey.
This song is from her self-titled debut studio album (1990). It is a pop, new jack swing and R&B song. It was one of the songs that was on Carey's demo tape. It was written by Carey and Ben Margulies. "Someday" was released as the album's third single on November 28, 1990.
The song was a critical and commercial success. It was described as an album highlight. It became Carey's third consecutive number-one single on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.










Recording

Vocals

Personnel
Recording

Vocals

Personnel

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Mariah Carey". "Someday" remixes and alternate versions co-produced by Shep Pettibone with Ric Wake.


Boeschepe

Boeschepe is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,155 people lived there.


Boëseghem

Boëseghem is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 750 people lived there.


Bois-Grenier

Bois-Grenier is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,739 people lived there.


List of programs broadcast by Qubo

This is a list of programs formerly broadcast by the now-defunct children's television channel Qubo in the United States, a children's network which existed from January 8, 2007, until February 28, 2021.

Also detailed are Qubo-branded children's programming blocks which were carried by Ion Television and its subnetwork Ion Life/Ion Plus, NBC, and Telemundo. The Qubo blocks ended on the Ion networks on February 26, 2021, and on NBC and Telemundo on July 1, 2012.

Yannick Nézet-Séguin

Yannick Nézet-Séguin (born March 6, 1975) is a Canadian conductor and pianist. 

Nézet-Séguin was born in Montreal on 6 March 1975. Starting the piano at five, he choose to be a conductor at age ten. He studied at a conservatory in Montreal and started as a music director of the Orchestre Métropolitain in Montréal in 2000.

Currently, he is the music director of the Philadelphia Orchestra. He has held this appointment since 2012. Nézet-Séguin has also been working with the Metropolitan Opera in New York since 2009, where he has orchestrated several operas.

Yuzvendra Chahal

Yuzvendra Chahal is an Indian cricketer. He internationally plays for India national cricket team. And he is currently plays for Rajasthan Royals in the Indian Premier League. Chahal is a leg-spin bowler. He is mainly known for his bowling skills and he is a second player and first Indian who take a 6 wickets in T20I history.

The Queen of Italy Elena

The Queen of Italy Elena (also known as The Queen of Italy Elena ) was painted in oil by the italian painter Giuseppe Amisani, in 1925, is kept in the Collezione Farnesina of foreign minister of the Italian government in Rome from 1925.



Give Up

Give Up is the only studio album by The Postal Service. The album was released on February 18, 2003.

King of Italy Vittorio Emanuele III (Amisani)

King of Italy Vittorio Emanuele III (also known as Re d'Italia Vittorio Emanuele III) is a 19th-century painted in oil by the italian painter Giuseppe Amisani, made in 1925, is kept in the Collezione Farnesina of foreign minister of the Italian government in Rome from 1925.



Hardik Pandya

Hardik Pandya is an Indian cricketer who plays at international level for India national cricket team. Rised in Gujarat, Hardik culminated in his captaincy to the newly debuted franchise Gujarat Titans that won the first ever title in the 2022 edition of Indian Premier League, world's largest league.

List of Canada ODI cricketers

This is a list of Canadian One-day International cricketers. A One Day International, or an ODI, is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC). An ODI differs from Test matches in that the number of overs per team is limited, and that each team has only one innings. The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first ODI cap. Where more than one player won his first ODI cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.


Austin Codrington

Austin Codrington was born 22 August, 1975 in Portland, Jamaica. He played 9 One-day internationals for Canada at the 2003 Cricket World Cup and 2007 Cricket World Cup.

Sheila Levine Is Dead and Living in New York

Sheila Levine Is Dead and Living in New York is a 1975 American black comedy movie directed by Sidney J. Furie and was based on the novel of the same name by Gail Parent. It stars Roy Scheider, Jeannie Berlin, Sid Melton, Rebecca Dianna Smith and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Dirty Rotten Scoundrels

Dirty Rotten Scoundrels is a 1988 American comedy movie directed by Frank Oz and is a remake of the 1964 movie "Bedtime Story" and was remade as "The Hustle" in 2019. It stars Steve Martin, Michael Caine, Glenne Headly, Anton Rodgers, Ian McDiarmid, Dana Ivey, Frances Conroy and was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Compulsory education

Compulsory schooling, compulsory education, mandatory education or mandatory schooling is the period children must stay in school, especially state school. Most countries have mandatory school attendance laws. If a child does not go to school on the required days, this is called truancy and in many countries is punished via fines and jail time for children and or their parents. Prussia was the first modern state to pass mandatory schooling laws and the Prussian model of schooling became standard in North America and Europe during the 19th century.

Truancy

Truancy or playing hookey is unexcused absence from school or work. In countries with compulsory schooling laws, children and or their parents/guardians can be punished with fines, jail time, etc.

Prussian model

The Prussian model or Prussian system is a common structure for state schools in Europe and North America. It was developed in Prussia, Germany and focused on bureaucracy and making teaching a profession.

Sombrero

A sombrero (Spanish for "hat") is a type of hat traditionally worn in Latin America. Sombreros have extremely wide brims and high, pointed crowns.

Top hat

A top hat is a black, tall hat that was commonly worn by the upper class high society as well as circus ringmasters during the 19th and early 20th century.

High society

High society refers to the formal decorum and lifestyles associated with traditional upper class members.

Ringmaster

A ringmaster or ringleader is the highest ranking circus performer. He or she introduces the audience to the circus acts and guides them.

Ghaggar-Hakra River

Ghaggar-Hakra River is a river in India and Pakistan that flows only during the monsoon season. The river is known as Ghaggar in India, before the Ottu barrage, and as the Hakra in Pakistan, downstream of the barrage, ending in the Thar Desert.In pre-Harappan times the Hakra was a tributary of the Sutlej. It is still connected to this paleochannel of the Sutlej, and possibly the Yamuna, which ended in the Nara River, presently a delta channel of the Indus River joining the sea via Sir Creek.

Cowboy hat

A cowboy hat or ten gallon hat is the hat style most associated with the wild west and worn by cowboys and cowgirls. The hats are wide brimmed with high crowns and may be an adaptation of the sombrero.

Frontier

A frontier is the unknown or sparcely settled region beyond the borders of an established civilization.

White tie

White tie is a formal dress code and the most formal one, akin to black tie.

Tropical cyclones that affected the Philippines in 2022

This is a lists of tropical cyclones that affected the Philippines in 2022.
This season, PAGASA will use its own naming scheme for tropical cyclones that either develop within or move into their self-defined area of responsibility. The names were taken from a list of names last used during 2018 and are scheduled to be used again during 2026. All of the names are the same except Obet and Rosita, replacing the names Ompong and Rosita after these were retired.


The unused tropical cyclone names is the names of the following Caloy, Domeng, Ester, Florita, Gardo, Henry, Inday, Josie, Karding, Luis, Maymay, Neneng, Obet, Paeng, Queenie, Rosal, Samuel and Tomas

This table summarizes all the systems that developed within or moved into the Philippines, to the west of the International Date Line during 2022. The tables also provide a brief summary of a systems intensity, duration, land areas affected and any deaths or damages associated with the system.

Alba, Piedmont

Alba is an Italian city in Piedmont. It is in the Province of Cuneo. About 31,000 people live there.

The confectionery group Ferrero is based there.

Billund

Billund is a town in Jutland, Denmark. In 2021, 6,643 people lived there.

The toy company Lego has its main office in Billund. It is also the site of a theme park Legoland and Billund Airport which is the second largest airport in Denmark.

Chalezeule

Chalezeule is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chamesol

Chamesol is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Champagney, Doubs

Champagney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Eustace Roskill, Baron Roskill

Eustace Wentworth Roskill, Baron Roskill (6 February 1911 – 3 October 1996) was a British lawyer and public servant.

He was known for the Roskill Commission to find a suitable location for the 3rd London Airport, which he recommended Cublington in Buckinghamshire.

Champlive

Champlive is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Honeycreeper (disambiguation)

Honeycreeper is a term for several kinds of songbirds:

Honeycreeper may also refer to:

Champvans-les-Moulins

Champvans-les-Moulins is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chantrans

Chantrans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Charmauvillers

Charmauvillers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Ben Avon, Pennsylvania

Ben Avon is a borough in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is along the Ohio River. 1,918 people lived here at the 2020 census.

The Day of the Locust (movie)

The Day of the Locust is a 1975 American crime drama movie directed by John Schlesinger and was based on the 1939 novel of the same name by Nathanael West. It stars William Atherton, Karen Black, Donald Sutherland, Burgess Meredith, Geraldine Page, Bo Hopkins, Billy Barty, Jackie Earle Haley, Gloria LeRoy, Norman Leavitt, Madge Kennedy and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1976.


Schloß Holte-Stukenbrock

Schloß Holte-Stukenbrock is a town in Gütersloh in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is near the Eggegebirge, about 15 km east of Gütersloh and 15 km southeast of Bielefeld. It is the source of the river Ems.

Charnay, Doubs

Charnay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Charquemont

Charquemont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Wangerooge

Wangerooge is one of the 32 Frisian Islands in the North Sea close to the coasts of the Netherlands, Germany and Denmark. It is also a municipality in Friesland in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Kiyoshi Kuromiya

Kiyoshi Kuromiya (May 9, 1943 – May 10, 2000) was a Japanese American author and civil rights, anti-war, gay liberation, and HIV/AIDS activist. 

He was born in Wyoming at the World War II–era Japanese American internment camp known as Heart Mountain. Kuromiya became an aide to Martin Luther King Jr. and a prominent opponent of the Vietnam War during the 1960s.
Kuromiya was one of the founders of the Gay Liberation Front Philadelphia. He also founded the Critical Path Project and its newsletter. He was also the editor of ACT UP's Standard of Care, the first medical treatment and cultural competency guidelines produced for people living with HIV by people living with HIV/AIDS. He died on May 10, 2000, a day after his 57th birthday.

The Duellists

The Duellists is a 1977 British American historical drama movie directed by first time director Ridley Scott and was based on the short story of the same name by Joseph Conrad. It stars Harvey Keitel, Keith Carradine, Albert Finney, Edward Fox, Diana Quick, Pete Postlethwaite, Tom Conti, John McEnery, Alun Armstrong, Maurice Colbourne, Gay Hamilton and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Scinax iquitorum

Scinax iquitorum is a frog. It lives in Peru. Scientists have seen it near Río Nanay and Río Yavari.

This frog is light green on the back with bright yellow color on its sides. It has black spots. The backs of its back legs are black. The iris of its eye is gold or the color of bronze.

TV Japan

TV Japan is a 24-hour Japanese language television channel geared towards the Japanese diaspora in the USA and Canada.

Bad Säckingen

Bad Säckingen is a town in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is next to the Swiss border on the river Rhine.


Triel-sur-Seine

Triel-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France.

Chanteloup-les-Vignes

Chanteloup-les-Vignes is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France.

Aigremont, Yvelines

Aigremont is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France.

Chassagne-Saint-Denis

Chassagne-Saint-Denis is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Châteauvieux-les-Fossés

Châteauvieux-les-Fossés is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Châtillon-Guyotte

Châtillon-Guyotte is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

MBC 3

MBC 3 is a free-to-air children's channel launched on 8 December 2004, and appeals to children under the age of 15. All foreign television animated programs have been dubbed into Arabic. The channel also produces its own original programmes. It was owned by the Middle Eastern company MBC Group.

MBC 3 started airing Nickelodeon shows following the closure of Nickelodeon Arabia in 2011. It includes Nicktoons such as "T.U.F.F. Puppy", "The Fairly OddParents" and "SpongeBob SquarePants" are also present in the channel, but they are dubbed. The Nick Jr. Channel shows include "LazyTown", "Go Diego Go", "The Backyardigans", "Little Bill", and "Blue's Clues". "Dora the Explorer" and "Blue's Room". 
MBC 3 is known in the Middle East for censoring scenes unsuitable for Islamic audiences, such as visual romance outside of marriage, kissing before marriage scenes, awkward angles of female characters, sensual scenes between members of the opposite sex, cross-dressed men, references to alcohol and gambling, references to non-Islamic religious content and visually-grotesque scenes. However, the channel does not have a proper consensus of its censoring policy, featuring cuts that are so heavily edited it renders plot continuities inconsistent.
MBC 3 has separate pay-TV feeds which broadcast in Europe and the United States. They target the overseas Arab diaspora and air the same Arabic dubs as the main channel. The US feed is exclusive to Dish Network.

on December 2, 2004. a promo for the Channel was unveiled, revealing the channel’s branding, the promo even scheduled the channel to launch on December 8, 2004.

The channel officially was first announced launched on 8 December 2004. The channel originally launched as a on the main, the branding for the channel was designed by UK design house Turquoise who also did the idents.

on December 8, 2005. to celebrate its 1st anniversary, the channel was given a rebranding, along with a new mascot, a green cube named “Cubee” who later became the channel’s mascot to this day.

The channel marked its tenth anniversary on 8 December 2014.

On 18 September 2017, the channel underwent a major rebrand to a comic strip background, in which on-screen imagery featured a comic book aesthetic. This is the current era of the channel.

On 23 March 2020, MBC 3 had a major rebrand with a new logo on-screen. The new logo was just like the modern logo but the number 3 is outside the cube.

From 24 March 2020 to 22 June 2020, following the COVID-19 pandemic, MBC 3 used a logo with a house displayed on-screen and slogans ("With you at home.") 










Châtillon-le-Duc

Châtillon-le-Duc is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chaucenne

Chaucenne is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chay, Doubs

Chay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chazot

Chazot is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chemaudin et Vaux

Chemaudin et Vaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Chemaudin (the seat) and Vaux-les-Prés.

Chemaudin

Chemaudin is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Chemaudin et Vaux.

Vaux-les-Prés

Vaux-les-Prés is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Chemaudin et Vaux.

Chenecey-Buillon

Chenecey-Buillon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Villars-sous-Écot

Villars-sous-Écot is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chevigney-sur-l'Ognon

Chevigney-sur-l'Ognon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Chevillotte

La Chevillotte is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Valdemoro

Valdemoro is a municipality in the Community of Madrid, Spain. It is 27 km from the capital Madrid.

Irun

Irun (, ) is a municipality of 62,933 people (2021). It is in the province of Gipuzkoa in the autonomous community of the Basque Country in Spain. It is on the border with France.

Getxo

Getxo is a municipality of 77,139 people (2021). It is in the province of Biscay in the autonomous community of the Basque Country in Spain.

Banning, California

Banning is a city in Riverside County, California, United States. At the 2020 census, 29,505 people lived there. It is in the San Gorgonio Pass, also known as "Banning Pass".

Brooks, Alberta

Brooks is a city in the Canadian province of Alberta. In 2021, 14,924 people live in Brooks.

Colors Kannada

Colors Kannada is an Indian television channel. ETV Kannada

Memphis, Michigan

Memphis is a city in Macomb and St. Clair counties in the U.S. state of Michigan.

Suburbanisation

Suburbanisation or Suburbanization is when people move from the city center to the outskirts of the city, or the suburbs. Suburbanization is linked with urbanization, where people move from the countryside (called rural areas) to the cities. There is also a process called counterurbanization, where a city loses its attractiveness, and people move back to the countryside. If suburbanisation happens in very large cities, this can lead to the establishment of new Satellite cities and commuter towns. Functionally satelite cities and commuter towns are linked to the main city (as most people still work in the main city, and commute to work there). 

There are a number of problems linked to suburbanization:


In the suburbs, suburbanization also has effects:


The first moves to suburbanization were the establishment of garden cities in England, and the establishment of better off neighbourhoods in the US and Europe. Both happened in the late 19th and early 20th century. Suburbanization and urban sprawl started in the U.S. in the 1920s, when cars became affordable. In 1939, 13 percent of the peolple in the U.S. lived in suburbs; in 2010, they were over 50 percent.

In the 1960s, living in the cities became much more expensive in Europe, so many commuter towns were built. 

In Eastern Europe, suburbanization started after 1990; before there were few ways to build a private home. In Asia, suburbanization started when the colonial powers (mostly England and the Netherlands) started to build suburbs for the mansions of their people. 

Informal settlements, such as slums or Favelas, are also a form of suburbanization in developing countries. In China, there has a strong movement to move outside the cities since 1995. It is not a form of suburbanization, as it is driven by large industrial complexes. The owners of these complexes also build settlements to house the people who work there.

Richmond, Michigan

Richmond is a city in Macomb and St. Clair counties in the U.S. state of Michigan.

Indevillers

Indevillers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chevroz

Chevroz is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chouzelot

Chouzelot is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cléron

Cléron is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Colombier-Fontaine

Colombier-Fontaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Corcelle-Mieslot

Corcelle-Mieslot is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Corcondray

Corcondray is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Côtebrune

Côtebrune is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Courcelles, Doubs

Courcelles is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Courcelles-lès-Montbéliard

Courcelles-lès-Montbéliard is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dasle

Dasle is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Vandoncourt

Vandoncourt is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Hérimoncourt

Hérimoncourt is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Thulay

Thulay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Roches-lès-Blamont

Roches-lès-Blamont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Meslières

Meslières is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Glay, Doubs

Glay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bernay, Eure

Bernay is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Eure department in north France.

Courchapon

Courchapon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sarah Chang

Sarah Chang (born December 10, 1980) is a Korean American violinist.

Chang was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Her mother was a composer and her father was a violinist. She started at the Julliard School at age five. Her mentor was the violinist Isaac Stern. 

Chang can be viewed as a child prodigy due to her abilities. 

She began working with the New York Philharmonic at age 8 under Zubin Mehta. She made her first album "Debut" in 1991, which was a classical best-seller. Since then she become famous and performed in concert halls worldwide.

In 2002, Chang gave a performance in North Korea. She has also been a cultural ambassador for the U.S. 

Chang's discography includes about a dozen CDs. Her repertoire includes works by Pablo de Sarasate, Edward Elgar, Nicolo Paganini, Pyotr Ilyich Tchaikovsky, Camille Saint-Saëns: Felix Mendelssohn, Jean Sibelius, Richard Strauss, Dmitri Shostakovich, Antonio Vivaldi, Max Bruch and others. 

Chang plays several violins and owns the 1717 Guarneri del Gesu by the Cremonese luthier, Giuseppe Guarneri del Gesù. 


Cour-Saint-Maurice

Cour-Saint-Maurice is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Courtefontaine, Doubs

Courtefontaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Crosey-le-Grand

Crosey-le-Grand is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Past continuous

The past continuous (also called past progressive) is one of the continuous verb forms in English. (The continuous forms are: present continuous, past continuous, and future continuous). The past continuous tense mainly describes actions that are in progress at a particular time in the past time frame. 

Affirmative sentences in the past continuous are formed using verb be (was / were) + base verb -ing. 


Negative sentences are formed by adding not (or the short form n't) to the past tense of the verb be.


Yes/no question are formed using the past form of the verb be (was / were) + subject + base verb-ing.

Wh-questions begin with one of the wh-question words. (Wh-question words are: what, where, when, why, who, which, whose, how.)

Bollezeele

Bollezeele is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,424 people lived there.


Romeries

Romeries is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 469 people lived there.


Crosey-le-Petit

Crosey-le-Petit is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bradley Winslow

Bradley Winslow (August 1, 1831 – October 24, 1914) was an American soldier, lawyer, and politician. He became a lieutenant in the Union Army during the American Civil War in 1861. In August 1862, Winslow fought in the Northern Virginia campaign. 

From 1864 to 1865, Winslow was the colonel of the 186th New York Volunteers. While he was colonel, he helped capture forts during the Siege of Petersburg. He was the mayor of Watertown, New York in 1875. He was also a member of the 21st District of the New York State Senate in 1880 and 1881.

Winslow's ancestors were English pioneers. His great great great great great grandfather was Kenelm Winslow, who was a pilgrim who traveled to Plymouth, Massachusetts in 1629.

Bradley Winslow was born on August 1, 1831. He was born on the farm owned by his father, John Winslow. The farm was in the town of Watertown, New York away from the city of Watertown. Winslow went to schools in the Watertown City School District as a boy. On December 1, 1847, Winslow started going to Cazenovia College. In 1851 and 1852, he studied at Falley Seminary. From 1852 to 1853, Winslow studied at Wyoming Seminary. 

Winslow started to study law in the office of James F. Starbuck in autumn 1853. In 1854 Winslow started going to Poughkeepsie Law School. Winslow was admitted to the bar in July 1855. Winslow was taught by Starbuck in Winslow's first year of being a lawyer. Winslow opened a law firm on January 1, 1856 after a year with Starbuck. In spring 1856 Winslow started to work with J.L. Bigelow. They started a law firm named Winslow & Bigelow. In 1859 Winslow was nominated to be district attorney and was elected on January 1, 1861.

The American Civil War started in 1861. When it started, Winslow quit his job as district attorney and volunteered to be a First Lieutenant in the Black River Corps, a Union Army military organization in Watertown, on May 13, 1861. Winslow was mustered in to Company A of the 35th New York Infantry Regiment on June 11, 1861 as captain. Winslow was promoted to lieutenant colonel on August 31, 1861. On October 26, 1861, Winslow and his regiment captured Lieutenant H. J. Siegal's Cavalry near Falls Church, Virginia. 

In August 1862, Winslow fought in the Northern Virginia campaign. On August 9, 1862, Winslow and the 35th New York Regiment fought in the Battle of Cedar Mountain. On August 23, 1862, Winslow commanded the 35th New York Infantry Regiment in the First Battle of Rappahannock Station. From August 28 to 30, 1862, Winslow fought in the Second Battle of Bull Run. While fighting in the Northern Virginia campaign, Winslow got typhoid fever, and he left the Union Army because of it on December 18, 1862. Winslow became a soldier again on August 22, 1864. He was mustered in as the colonel of the 186th New York Infantry Regiment on September 28, 1864.

Ulysses S. Grant wanted to attack the Confederate Army in Petersburg, Virginia, and make them abandon Petersburg and the Confederate capital, Richmond. After the Battle of Five Forks on April 1, 1865, Grant commanded the Union Army to attack Petersburg.

On April 2, 1865, the Union Army attacked Petersburg. General Simon Goodell Griffin made six of his regiments stand in a column at around 2 A.M., with one regiment in front of the other. His plan was to have all of his regiments attack Battery 28, which was a fort in between Fort Heaven and Fort Mahone, and that eventually one of the regiments can be able to get inside the fort. The 186th New York Regiment was the last in the column. Winslow remembered later that while getting ready to capture the fort, he heard "Screaming, hissing shot and shell, interspersed with the sharp whiz and ping of leaden bullets, seemed passing everywhere above our heads".

A captain turned to Winslow and shook his hand, and said "It will be hot, god bless you". Then, Winslow turned to his regiment, and said "Attention, Battalion! Shoulder arms! Forward, guide center. March!". At 4:30 AM, the attack started. The front regiments were all shot, until the 186th regiment was the only regiment left. The 186th New York Regiment quickly captured Battery 28. Winslow looked at the rooftops in Petersburg and saw no soldiers, and he thought that the Union Army already won. The Confederate Army still had a secondary line, and still had Fort Mahone, and they shot at Winslow and his regiment. Winslow was shot below between his lower left ribs by a Minié ball. The Minié ball went through his body and came out on the right side near his spine. 

Abraham Lincoln brevetted Winslow Brigadier general of US Volunteers on April 9, 1865, which was allowed by the United States Senate. Winslow was discharged from the army on June 2, 1865. He was made a lieutenant in the 22nd United States Infantry. He left the army instead and returned to Watertown, and he became a lawyer again. On June 13, 1865, general Simon Goodell Griffin sent a letter to Winslow thanking him for being brave during the Siege of Petersburg. The letter said:

On October 25, 1865, Winslow was elected district attorney of Jefferson County again until 1868. In 1868, Winslow became a brigadier general in the New York Army National Guard as the head of the 16th Brigade for about six years. Winslow was elected as the mayor of the city of Watertown in December 1875 for one term. Winslow chose not to be re-elected as mayor again. Winslow was a member of the 21st District of the New York State Senate in 1880 and 1881 as a Republican. 

From 1883 to 1884, he managed the Northern New York Republican, a newspaper. In June 1908, Winslow was one of the delegates in the 1908 Republican National Convention to nominate a candidate for member of the United States Congress for the 28th congressional district (which is now part of the 21st district). He was the choice of everyone in the convention to be the chairperson. In December 1912, Luther Wright Mott wrote a private bill to make Winslow officially retired. Winslow was paid $3,000 a year, because of inflation.

When Winslow was 14 years old, his mother died. On March 21, 1847, Winslow started to live with his uncle, Willard Ives. Winslow married Geraldine M. Cooper on November 15, 1855. Winslow and Cooper had three children, one boy and two girls. His son, John Cooper Winslow, was born on October 22, 1856 in Watertown. Geraldine died on August 24, 1896 after accidentally being thrown out of a carriage. Winslow married Poppie H. Burdick on January 22, 1901 in Cook County, Illinois. 

Bradley Winslow died on October 24, 1914 at 2:30 PM, after being ill from pneumonia for a few days. He died in Samaritan Medical Center in Watertown, New York. Winslow was buried at Brookside Cemetery in Watertown, New York. He was a member of the Grand Army of the Republic when he died, and he helped start the Joe Spratt Post Number 323 in Watertown.



Crouzet-Migette

Crouzet-Migette is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cubrial

Cubrial is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cubry

Cubry is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cusance

Cusance is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chaux-lès-Clerval

Chaux-lès-Clerval is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Pays-de-Clerval.

Clerval

Clerval is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Pays-de-Clerval.

Pays-de-Clerval

Pays-de-Clerval is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Clerval (the seat) and Santoche. On 1 January 2019, the former commune of Chaux-lès-Clerval was merged into Pays-de-Clerval.


Santoche

Santoche is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of Pays-de-Clerval.

Buscemi

Buscemi is an Italian town in Sicily. About 1,000 people lived there.

Cuse-et-Adrisans

Cuse-et-Adrisans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cussey-sur-Lison

Cussey-sur-Lison is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2022, Châtillon-sur-Lison became a part of the commune of Cussey-sur-Lison.

Cussey-sur-l'Ognon

Cussey-sur-l'Ognon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Monopoli

Monopoli is a city in southern Italy. It is in the Apulia Region. About 50,000 people live there.

Sonic X

The show follows a group of anthropomorphic animals. They are teleported from their home planet to Earth. This happens after they try to save one of their friends from their enemy Doctor Eggman. \Sonic the Hedgehog is saved by a human boy named Chris Thorndyke. Chris helps him find his friends while fighting with Doctor Eggman and his robots. They fight to get control of the powerful Chaos Emeralds. The final story arc saw Sonic and his friends return with Chris to their world.

"Sonic X" received mixed reviews. Most critics did not like its changes to be more American and some characters. They did like its story and the way it looked. The series was popular in the United States and France. It was less popular in Japan. The merchandise for the show included an edutainment video game for the Leapster, a trading card game, a comic book and many toys.

Lucas Digne

Lucas Digne (born 20 July 1993) is a French football player. He plays as a left-back for Premier League club Aston Villa and the France national team.

Robert de Visée

Robert de Visee ( 1732/1733) was a French guitarist, lutenist, theorbist, and composer.

Most of his early life is not known. He was called a theorbist in a letter written by Jean-Léonor Le Gallois de Grimarest. He published a book of guitar music in 1682. He was part of King Louis XIV's chamber musicians. He became the guitar teacher of King Louis XV in 1719. Even so, he and his son were already called (English: "Masters of the guitar") in 1690. He got his last payment as a court musician in 1732. It is thought that he died around that year.

Watertown City School District

The Watertown City School District is a school district inside Watertown, New York. 
There are 8 schools in the Watertown City School District:




Neues Museum

The Neues Museum (English: New Museum) is one of the buildings on the Museuminsel (Museum Island) in Berlin. It is part of an UNESCO World Heritage Site. The Museum includes an Egyptian Museum, a papyrus collection, Museum for Pre- and Protohistory and sections of the antique collection. The museum was built between 1843 to 1855 under King Frederick William IV of Prussia. It has both Neoclassical and Renaissance Revival styles. The architecture is by Friedrich August Stüler. 

The Nefertiti Bust and The Berlin Gold Hat are famous artifacts held at the museum.

Pabellón de Arteaga Municipality

Pabellón de Arteaga is a municipality of 11 municipalities in the Mexican state of Aguascalientes and located in the central part of it, its capital is the city of Pabellón de Arteaga with a population of 47,646 inhabitants in 2020.


Durham, Maine

Durham is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Greene, Maine

Greene is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Leeds, Maine

Leeds is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Lisbon, Maine

Lisbon is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Jesús María, Aguascalientes

Jesús María is a city in the state of Aguascalientes and is the capital of the municipality of the same name.

In 2020 it had a population of 130,000 inhabitants, making it the second largest city in Aguascalientes only below Aguascalientes City, its main activities are livestock, agriculture and forestry, it has a twinning with Queen Creek, Arizona.


Livermore Falls, Maine

Livermore Falls is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Livermore, Maine

Livermore is a town in Androscoggin County, Maine, United States.

Nineteen Eighty-Four (1984 movie)

Nineteen Eighty-Four is a 1984 British dystopian science fiction movie directed by Michael Radford and was based on the 1949 novel of the same name by George Orwell. It stars John Hurt, Richard Burton, Cyril Cusack, Suzanna Hamilton, Gregor Fisher, Roger Lloyd-Peck, Shirley Stelfox, Stephen Yardley, Hugh Walters and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It features music by the group Eurythmics.


Crystal Hill, Arkansas

Crystal Hill is an unincorporated community in Pulaski County, Arkansas, United States.

Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca

Álvar Núñez Cabeza de Vaca was one of the first explorers of America. He was one of four men who had survived Narváez expedition. After returning to Spain, he wrote a book named La relación y comentarios.

Tactics Ogre: Let Us Cling Together

Tactics Ogre: Let Us Cling Together is an RPG developed and published by Square Enix.

Algonac, Michigan

Algonac is a city in St. Clair County, Michigan, United States.

Mason Mount

Mason Tony Mount (born 10 January 1999) is an English football player. He plays as an attacking midfielder for Manchester United and the England national team. His father Ollie Thorpe taught him the strength in his ball knowledge which brought his where he is now.

In an interview in 2019 he had noted how he looks up to players like, Finn Dunning, Shemesha Johnny and Ozzy Wozzy Fage Yogurt which gave him the courage to become pro.

His father, former Real Madrid player (Ollie Thorpe) ,

His youth manager former PFC manager (Leo Hughes) Taught him the in's and out's of the game.

Chelsea Youth

Chelsea

England U19

England

Individual

Dannemarie-sur-Crète

Dannemarie-sur-Crète is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dambelin

Dambelin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dambenois

Dambenois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dammartin-les-Templiers

Dammartin-les-Templiers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dampierre-les-Bois

Dampierre-les-Bois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dampierre-sur-le-Doubs

Dampierre-sur-le-Doubs is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dampjoux

Dampjoux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Damprichard

Damprichard is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Windows Movie Maker

Windows Movie Maker (also known as Windows Live Movie Maker) is an discontinued video recorder software released on September 14, 2000 for Windows ME and on October 25, 2001 for Windows XP. Windows Movie Maker supports Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10. Windows Movie Maker was discontinued on January 10, 2017, along with the discontinuation of Windows Live Essentials, later replaced by Video Editor on Windows 10.

Windows Movie Maker was released for the Windows ME operating system on September 14, 2000 and for Windows XP on October 25, 2001. In 2007, it was released as Windows Live Movie Maker for Windows Vista and added to Windows Live Essentials.

Windows Movie Maker has supported Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 8.1 and Windows 10. It has been discontinued on January 10, 2017, along with Windows Live Essentials. It was replaced by Video Editor on Windows 10.


Nelly van Balen Blanken

Petronella "Nelly"/"Nel" Blaauboer-van Balen Blanken, with surname also spelled as Blauwboer and Blauwbos (18 November 1917 — 29 October 2008) was a Dutch athlete, who competed in the high jump, long jump and hurdles in the late 1930s and 1940s. She was named Dutch Athlete of the Year in 1938. She was a member of athletics club and represented the Netherlands at international competitions. Fanny Blankers-Koen was a member of the same club in the same period. She became the silver high jump medalist at the 1938 European Athletics Championships. 

One of her first main international achievement was in 1937, when Van Balen won the high jump event in an international competition against Germany.

Van Balen Blanken won the silver medal at the 1938 European Athletics Championships in the high jump event. In October 1938 she became the European record holder in the high jump, after the record was taken from record holder Dora Ratjen who turned out to be a male in a medical research. 

During her career Van Balen Blanken won many medals at the National Championships. She became national champion in 1938 ahead of Fanny Blankers-Koen. In 1940 she won silver medals in the long jump and high jump, both behind Blankers-Koen. At the 1943 national championships she became national champion in the high jump and 80 metres.

She continued competing after her marriage. Her last reported achievements, including competing still at international competitions, are from 1948.

Van Balen Blanken was born on 18 November 1917 in Anna Paulowna. After the death of her husband Jacob Blaauboer, she died on 29 October 2008 in Schagen at the age of 90.


Voillans

Voillans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Deluz

Deluz is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Désandans

Désandans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The commune is about 10 km west-northwest of Montbéliard.

Déservillers

Déservillers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Échay

Échay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Devecey

Devecey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dung, Doubs

Dung is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Durnes

Durnes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Échenans

Échenans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Échevannes, Doubs

Échevannes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

École-Valentin

École-Valentin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The commune is twinned with Rathcoole in County Dublin, Ireland.

Rathcoole, County Dublin

Rathcoole () is a village in County South Dublin in Ireland. It is southwest of the capital Dublin. In 2016, 4,351 people live in Rathcoole.

Rathcoole is twinned with:

Les Écorces

Les Écorces is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Écot

Écot is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

L'Écouvotte

L'Écouvotte is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Écurcey

Écurcey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Émagny

Émagny is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sol Aragones

Marisol Castillo Aragones-Sampelo (born Marisol Castillo Aragones; November 6, 1977) is a Filipino politician. She serves as the representatives of Laguna's 3rd district since 2013. Before entering politics, she was a news presenter for ABS-CBN from 1998 to 2012.

Morlupo

Morlupo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region of Lazio. It is about north of Rome.

Torrita Tiberina

Torrita Tiberina is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region of Lazio. It is about north of Rome.

Filacciano

Filacciano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome in the Italian region of Lazio. It is about north of Rome.

Scinax juncae

Scinax juncae is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 23.0 to 27.1 mm long from nose to rear end. There is a yellow stripe going side to side on its face. Its back is green-brown with yellow-green stripes going from front to back. Its head is larger than its body.

This frog lives in the edges of forests with bodies of water in them, for examples springs, ponds, and streams. They also live in open places that are near forests. When the scientists caught the frogs, they were sitting on small, woody plants.

Scientists named this frog after a scientist: Dr. Flora Acuña Juncá. She studied amphibians in Brazil.

Gilroy, California

Gilroy is a city in Santa Clara County, California. It is about 30 miles (50 km) south of downtown San Jose.

Ibiza (city)

Ibiza () is a city and municipality on the southeastern coast of the island of Ibiza in the Balearic Islands autonomous community.

Sorrento

Sorrento is an Italian town in Campania. About 16,500 people live there.

Taillecourt

Taillecourt is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Épeugney

Épeugney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Esnans

Esnans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Éternoz

Éternoz is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Étouvans

Étouvans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Étrabonne

Étrabonne is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Étrappe

Étrappe is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Faimbe

Faimbe is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Ferrières-le-Lac

Ferrières-le-Lac is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Ferrières-les-Bois

Ferrières-les-Bois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Fertans

Fertans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Fesches-le-Châtel

Fesches-le-Châtel is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Saint-Martin-la-Plaine

Saint-Martin-la-Plaine is a commune in the Loire department in central France.

Saint-Martin-la-Plaine is twinned with:

La Frénaye

La Frénaye is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in north France.

La Frénaye is twinned with:

Feule

Feule is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Leo Verburgt

Leonardus “Leo” Verburgt also written as Léon Verburgt (26 July 1935 - 12 October 2014) was a Dutch swimmer, water polo player, painter and visual artist. 

In swimming he was multiple national champion and the Dutch record holder in the 200 and 400 meters freestyle. After his sports career he became director of the . Next to his sports career he was also an artist.

Verburgt did his first swimming record attempt in 1954 when he was trained by Hans Krischer and a member of ZON (Zwemvereniging Oranje Nassau).

In 1958 he couldn't join the Dutch team to a competition in Wuppertal due to an illness. In August he competed at the European Championships.

In July 1959 he saved a cat from drowning in the Dommel and went to a nearby sports location to gave him an oxygen mask. The same month he improved the Dutch national record in the 200 metres freestyle with 2.3 seconds. In August 1959 he became national champion in the 1500 metres, a distance he never swam before. He also became champion in the 400 metres. In February 1960, he broke Dutch national record in the 200 metres freestyle with 5 seconds. In January and again in May 1960 he broke the 200 freestyle metres record (25 metres pool).

In July 1960 he was for the third time part of the Dutch relay team swimming a national record in the 4x200 metres freestyle. The same month he was noticed that had to turn op for a training as part of his military service in the period of the 1960 Summer Olympics. This was seen as a degradation of the Dutch relay swimming team and was described a disappointment for many people. Later he was promised that he was allowed to skip the training if he would participate at the Olympics. However NOC*NSF had decided not to send the relay team to the Olympics. A few days later he was invited by NOC*NSF to come as a spectator to the Olympics, but Verburgt had mixed feelings about the invitation. He stated to stop with competitive swimming but in early 1961 he wanted to return in the national team. He continued swimming at elite level, including at international competitions and broke several regional records. One of his last reported competitive swimming achievement was in April 1963.

Verburgt was also a water polo player for the PSV team. The team became national champion. He also competed with this team internationally. He still played for PSV in December 1963.

He has been reached by Jan Gregoor and Harry Stump. He was a member of “Cultureel Kontact”. He worked from Eindhoven, Heerlen, Eersel and also from New Guinea.

In January 1958 he finished a wall paining at the Sportfondsenbad.


Verburgt was born on 26 July 1935 in Capelle aan den IJssel. He lived in Eindhoven. He moved temporary to southern Limburg and returned to Eindhoven in 1958. After his sports career he became director of the . He died on 12 October 2014, at the age of 79.

Flagey, Doubs

Flagey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Flagey-Rigney

Flagey-Rigney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Fleurey

Fleurey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Pergamon Museum

The Pergamon Museum is one of the buildings that is on the Museuminsel (Museum Island) in Berlin, Germany and is part of an UNESCO World Heritage Site. It contains the Antique Collection, Vorderasiatisches Museum (Near East Museum) and the Museum for Islamic Art.

German Emperor Wilhelm II commissioned the construction of the museum between 1910 and 1930. The building takes on a Striped classicism style. During World War II, the museum was partially damaged. Russian troops took some artifacts from the museum. Some are still today in Russian possession. Others were returned in 1958 to East Germany. 
Notable exhibition pieces include: 



Tønsberg

Tønsberg is a city and municipality in Vestfold county, Norway. In 2022, 57,794 people live in Tønsberg.



Will Young (cricketer)

William Alexander Young was born on November 22nd, 1992. He plays cricket on the New Zealand team. He joined the team in December of 2020. Before that, in 2019, he hurt his shoulder and had to have surgery. 

Who's That Girl (1987 movie)

Who's That Girl is a 1987 romantic comedy movie. It was directed by James Foley. The writers were Andrew Smith and Ken Finkleman. It stars Madonna and Griffin Dunne. It is about a girl who is falsely accused of murdering her boyfriend—this means she did not murder him, but the police think she did. She is sent to jail. After she gets out, she meets a man. The man is supposed to make sure she gets on her bus back to Philadelphia. She makes him want to help her catch the people who made her get arrested. While the man and the woman look for the criminals, they also start to love each other.


Boron, California

Boron is a populated place in Kern County, California. It had a 2020 population of 2,086. It is home to Boron Jr. Sr. High School.

The Addams Family 2

The Addams Family 2 is a 2021 computer-animated supernatural black comedy road movie directed by Greg Tiernan and Conrad Vernon, co-directed by Laura Brousseau and Kevin Pavlovic, written by Dan Hernandez, Benji Samit, Ben Queen, and Susanna Fogel with a story by Hernandez and Samit, and based on the characters created by Charles Addams. It is the sequel to the 2019 film "The Addams Family" and stars the voices of Oscar Isaac, Charlize Theron, Chloë Grace Moretz, Nick Kroll, Snoop Dogg, Bette Midler, Javon Walton, Bill Hader and Wallace Shawn. It tells the story of the Addams family as they go on a road trip.

Spirit Untamed

Spirit Untamed is a 2021 American computer-animated adventure movie produced by DreamWorks Animation and distributed by Universal Pictures. The movie is directed by Elaine Bogan and co-directed by Ennio Torresan Jr. (in their feature directorial debuts), from a screenplay written by Aury Wallington and Kristin Hahn, making this the second theatrical movie release of the "Spirit" franchise and is both a spin-off and a stand-alone sequel/reboot of the traditionally animated "" (2002) and loosely based on the characters from its Netflix animated spin-off television series "Spirit Riding Free", developed by Wallington.

It stars Isabela Merced, Jake Gyllenhaal, Marsai Martin, Mckenna Grace, Julianne Moore, Walton Goggins, and Andre Braugher, and follows a young girl named Fortuna "Lucky" Prescott who moves to the small rural community of Miradero, where she meets the titular wild kiger mustang. As the son of Spirit and Rain from "," she names the horse "Spirit" after his father, and Lucky immediately begins to bond with him. The movie was announced to be in development in October 2019, and production was done remotely during the COVID-19 pandemic. The movie was dedicated to the memory of Kelly Asbury, the co-director of the original "Spirit" film, who born on January 15, 1960 and who died on June 26, 2020.

"Spirit Untamed" was theatrically released in the United States on June 4, 2021. The movie received mixed reviews from critics who deemed the movie inferior to the original and unnecessary. The movie was a box-office bomb after grossing $42 million worldwide against a budget of $30 million.


The Boss Baby: Family Business

The Boss Baby: Family Business (known in other territories as The Boss Baby 2: Family Business) is a 2021 American computer-animated comedy movie loosely based on the 2010 picture book "The Boss Baby" and its 2016 sequel "The Bossier Baby" by Marla Frazee, produced by DreamWorks Animation, and distributed by Universal Pictures. The movie is the second installment in "The Boss Baby" franchise and the sequel to the 2017 movie, the movie is directed by Tom McGrath, from a screenplay by Michael McCullers with a story by McGrath and McCullers, and stars the voices of Alec Baldwin, James Marsden, Amy Sedaris, Ariana Greenblatt, Jeff Goldblum, Eva Longoria, Jimmy Kimmel, and Lisa Kudrow. The plot follows the now-adult Templeton brothers who are brought back together after Tim's daughter Tina requests their help for Baby Corp to stop a professor from erasing childhoods worldwide.

Plans for a "Boss Baby" sequel were announced in May 2017 with McGrath returning to direct. Animation began at DWA Glendale and some production assets were borrowed from Jellyfish Pictures, with voice acting being done remotely due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

The movie was theatrically released in the United States on July 2, 2021 in traditional and select RealD 3D, Dolby Cinema and 4DX locations, by Universal Pictures; it also streamed on paid tiers of Peacock for 60 days. The film grossed $146 million worldwide, and received generally mixed reviews from critics, with the Rotten Tomatoes critics consensus calling it "a painless diversion for the kids".

Family Business' Voice Cast Actors in Real Life]</ref>

Despicable Me (franchise)

Despicable Me is an American animated movie series. There are currently five movies: "Despicable Me" (2010), "Despicable Me 2" (2013), "Minions" (2015), "Despicable Me 3" (2017), "" (2022), "Despicable Me 4" (2024), Minions 3:TBA (2026), and Despicable Me 5 (2028)



The Secret Life of Pets (franchise)

The Secret Life of Pets is an American animated movie series. There are currently two movies: "The Secret Life of Pets" (2016), "The Secret Life of Pets 2" (2019).



Sing (franchise)

Sing is an American animated movie series. There are currently two movies: "Sing" (2016), "Sing 2" (2021).


Villars-Saint-Georges

Villars-Saint-Georges is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Rob Mul

Rob Mul (born 11 November 1940) is a Dutch former football defender. He played from July 1960 to June 1969 for NAC Breda. He became professional on 11 November 1961 and played 100 matches in the Eredivisie. He has been the team captain. In 1965 he suffered from a serious concusion after a collision with Sportclub Enschede player Willem de Vries. In 1966 a referee stopped a turbulent match against Xerxes while, according to Mul, the referee told him while walking from the field that three more minutes has to be played.

His father was international football goalkeeper Evert Mul.

Villars-sous-Dampjoux

Villars-sous-Dampjoux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Fontaine-lès-Clerval

Fontaine-lès-Clerval is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Fontenelle-Montby

Fontenelle-Montby is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Fontenotte

Fontenotte is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Fourbanne

Fourbanne is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The Villains of Valley View

The Villains of Valley View is an American comedy television series created by Chris Peterson and Bryan Moore that premiered on Disney Channel on June 3, 2022. The series stars Isabella Pappas, Malachi Barton, Reed Horstmann, Kayden Muller-Janssen, James Patrick Stuart, and Lucy Davis.

The series centers on a family of supervillains who must learn to live normal civilian lives.


On December 10, 2021, it was announced that Disney Channel had begun production in Los Angeles on "Meet the Mayhems", originally scheduled to premiere in summer 2022. The series was created by Chris Peterson and Bryan Moore, who also serve as executive producers and showrunners. On April 28, 2022, it was announced that the series, under the new title of "The Villains of Valley View", would premiere on June 3, 2022.

Fourg

Fourg is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

List of largest cities

This is a list of the largest cities in the world by number of people.

The number of people in a city can be counted in three ways:

Frambouhans

Frambouhans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Franey

Franey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Storks (movie)

Storks is a 2016 American 3D computer-animated adventure comedy movie.

It was produced by the Warner Animation Group and distributed by Warner Bros Pictures. It was directed by Nicholas Stoller and Doug Sweetland (the latter in his feature debut), written by Stoller.

"Smallfoot" was released in the United States on September 28, 2018. It had a mostly positive reception from critics. The movie grossed over $214 million worldwide.

The movie stars the voices of Kelsey Grammer, Andy Samberg, Katie Crown

Franois

Franois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Froidevaux

Froidevaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gémonval

Gémonval is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Geneuille

Geneuille is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Geney

Geney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gennes, Doubs

Gennes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sainte-Marie, Doubs

Sainte-Marie is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sainte-Suzanne, Doubs

Sainte-Suzanne is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Goux-lès-Dambelin

Goux-lès-Dambelin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Hyémondans

Hyémondans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sourans

Sourans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Saint-Maurice-Colombier

Saint-Maurice-Colombier is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Meschede

Meschede is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is the capital of the Hochsauerlandkreis. About 30,000 people live there.


Haider Kiani

Haider Kiani was born 27 June, 1986. He is a cricketer for the Philippines and played 4 Twenty20 Internationals in March 2019.

Longevelle-sur-Doubs

Longevelle-sur-Doubs is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Lanthenans

Lanthenans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Prétière

La Prétière is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Germondans

Germondans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gevresin

Gevresin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Tour-de-Sçay

La Tour-de-Sçay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

List of Mexico Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Mexican Twenty20 International cricketers.
Mexico's first T20I was against Belize on 25 April 2019 in the 2019 Central American Cricket Championship.

List of Uganda Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Ugandan Twenty20 International cricketers.

Rigney

Rigney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

SpongeBob SquarePants (season 4)

The fourth season of SpongeBob SquarePants premiered on May 6, 2005, with the episodes "Fear of a Krabby Patty" and "Shell of a Man". The season ended on July 24, 2007 with the episode "Squid Wood". Unlike the previous seasons, season four was released in two volume DVDs. The volume one DVD was released in region one on September 12, 2006. The volume two DVD was released in region one on January 9, 2007, with nine episodes from the season being released on that DVD before airing on American television. The season set was released in its entirety in region two on November 3, 2008. 38 episodes were produced this season.

Bridgman, Michigan

Bridgman is a city in Berrien County, Michigan, United States.

Buchanan, Michigan

Buchanan is a city in Berrien County, Michigan, United States.

Coloma, Michigan

Coloma is a city in Berrien County, Michigan, United States.

New Buffalo, Michigan

New Buffalo is a city in Berrien County, Michigan, United States.

Watervliet, Michigan

Watervliet is a city in Berrien County, Michigan, United States.

Bronson, Michigan

Bronson is a city in Branch County, Michigan, United States.

Boyne City, Michigan

Boyne City is a city in Charlevoix County, Michigan, United States.

East Jordan, Michigan

East Jordan is a city in Charlevoix County, Michigan, United States.

Marine City, Michigan

Marine City is a city in St. Clair County, Michigan, United States.

Marysville, Michigan

Marysville is a city in St. Clair County, Michigan, United States.

Yale, Michigan

Yale is a city in St. Clair County, Michigan, United States.

The Lego Movie (franchise)

The Lego Movie is an American animated movie series. There are currently four movies: "The Lego Movie" (2014), "The Lego Batman Movie" (2017), "The Lego Ninjago Movie" (2017) and "" (2019).




Hotel Transylvania (franchise)

Hotel Transylvania is an American animated movie series. There are currently four movies: "Hotel Transylvania" (2012), "Hotel Transylvania 2" (2015), "" (2018) and "" (2022) were also released. A TV show for Disney Channel called "".



Morbius

Morbius may mean:

Glitch Techs

Glitch Techs is an American animated streaming television series created by Eric Robles and Dan Milano for Nickelodeon and Netflix. The series premiered on Netflix on February 21, 2020, with a second season premiering on August 17 of the same year.

Eduardo Bolsonaro

Eduardo Nantes Bolsonaro (born July 10, 1984) is a Brazilian federal police officer and politician, Son of the former President of Brazil, Jair Bolsonaro, he has been a federal deputy for the state of São Paulo since 2015.

In 2018, he was re-elected federal deputy, with 1 843 735 votes, being the most voted in the country's history. 

Flávio Bolsonaro

Flávio Nantes Bolsonaro ( born April 30, 1981), is a Brazilian businessman, lawyer and politician. He is the son of the current president of Brazil Jair Bolsonaro and Rogéria Nantes Nunes Braga.

Calvillo

Calvillo, is a city in the Mexican state of Aguascalientes and the capital of the municipality of the same name, it is located in the southwestern area and is the second most important city in Aguascalientes, after Aguascalientes City.

Calvillo had a population of 58,250 inhabitants (icluding the arounds) in 2020


Ultra Violet &amp; Black Scorpion

Ultra Violet & Black Scorpion is an American superhero coming-of-age action-comedy television series. It was developed by Leo Chu and Eric S. Garcia and created by Dan Hernandez and Benji Samit. It premiered on Disney Channel on June 3, 2022. The series stars Scarlett Estevez, J.R. Villarreal, Marianna Burelli, Juan Alfonso, Brandon Rossel, and Zelia Ankrum.

The series centers on 13-year-old Violet, who is chosen to be successor to her uncle.



Donald's Golf Game

Donald's Golf Game is a cartoon released by the Walt Disney Company in 1938.



The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:


RecordTV Internacional

RecordTV Internacional is a Brazilian pay-TV and free-to-air channel. It broadcasts 24 hours via satellite and cable with digital parameters, all in Portuguese.
The main offices of the station are located in (United States) [Florida], (Europe) Lisbon, Paris.



The Hockey Champ

The Hockey Champ is a 1939 Donald Duck short film. It was produced in Technicolor and released by Walt Disney Productions.


The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".


All in a Nutshell

All in a Nutshell is a 1949 Donald Duck animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and originally released on 1949 by RKO Radio Pictures in Technicolor.


The short was released on December 11, 2007, on "".


Polsat 1

Polsat 1 is a Polish television channel belonging to Telewizja Polsat. 
It was launched on December 18, 2015, replacing Polsat 2 abroad. It is for viewers of Polish origin, staying abroad. 
On April 6, 2020 Polsat 1 changed its logo and graphic design along with neighboring Polsat channels. Polsat 1 didn't change logo, the number 1 was only changed.

The channel offers Polsat series, including:

They also have programs directed to Polish people living in the United States like Oblicza Ameryki.

Newsroom (website)

Newsroom is a online news website in New Zealand. It focuses on New Zealand politics, current affairs and social issues. It is using English.

The website started on 2017 with the help of four "foundation sponsors", including the University of Auckland and Victoria University of Wellington.


Polsat News

Polsat News is a Polish news channel. It was launched on 7 June 2008 at 7:00am (UTC+1). Being a part of the Polsat Network, Polsat News is owned by Polsat Group. It is available over Cyfrowy Polsat, nc+ and UPC Poland digital platforms in Poland. It is broadcast on Hot Bird 6, 11158V, 27500 3/4.


Ushaw College

Ushaw College (formally St Cuthbert's College, Ushaw), is a former Catholic seminary near the village of Ushaw Moor, County Durham, England.


Jungle Junction

Jungle Junction is a kids' show created by Trevor Ricketts. In the US, the show started as part of its Playhouse Disney block for preschoolers. On February 14, 2011, it was moved to Disney Junior. It's about animal-vehicles on their adventures. It premiered on Discovery Family on October 1, 2013.

The show's broadcast on Disney Junior in the United States and in the Netherlands. It is also broadcast in the United Kingdom and Ireland, Portugal, Spain, Turkey and in most of Asia. It was made in the UK by animation company Spider Eye Productions.



Sacré-Coeur

The Basilica of Sacre-Coeur is a minor basilica in Paris, France constructed in 1885 near the site of the Paris Commune. it is in Montmartre.. The foundation was laid in 1875. It was finished in 1914. It is named after the Sacred Heart of Jesus. It is built in the Romano-Byzantine style. The church was consecrated in 1919.


Donald's Tire Trouble

Donald's Tire Trouble is a cartoon by Walt Disney Productions, featuring their character Donald Duck. 

It was directed by Dick Lundy and released in 1943. The cartoon pokes fun at the difficulties involved in America's rubber rationing, a consequence of World War II.



The short was released on December 6, 2005, on "".

Additional releases include:

Beauvais-Tillé Airport

Beauvais-Tille Airport is one of the two main airports serving Paris, France. It's in the city of Beauvais and the airport has limited operating hours, being closed every night between 23:30 and 06:30 due to local noise restrictions as it is located in a quiet residential area. The main terminal has a few restaurants and stores.

Donald's Garden

Donald's Garden is a 1942 animated short film featuring Donald Duck. It was released by Walt Disney Productions. 

Donald has a garden with lots of melons. A gopher comes and eats the melons, and Donald tries to stop him.


The short was released on December 6, 2005 on "".


Terminal

Terminal can mean:


Jadeworld (USA)

Jadeworld is a programming package operated by TVB (USA) Inc.. TVB USA is headquartered in Los Angeles, with other operators in New York and San Francisco.
TVB Channels cover an array of dramas, variety shows, U.S. and Hong Kong news, and sports.

TVB covers local, U.S. and Hong Kong news. U.S. and Hong Kong news is only offered on TVB's Jadeworld channels. local news clips on the TVB website.

Although TVB has a limited sports coverage that includes the Olympics, FIFA and other Hong Kong sports; with TVB on DISH, NBA TV, One World Sports and Universal Sports Network are also now offered as a part of DISH's Chinese Basic Package.

Châlons Vatry Airport

The Chalons Vatry Airport is one of the two main airports servicing Paris and its surrounding area. Chalons Vatry has one runway and very few passenger facilities.

Mickey's Mouse Tracks

It ran from 1992 to 1995. They featured Disney cartoons and animated short films from before the advent of The Disney Channel. A similar show was "Donald's Quack Attack". The show premiered on November 2, 1992, along with "Donald's Quack Attack", on The Disney Channel. 








Bootle Beetle

Bootle Beetle is a 1947 animated short film featuring Donald Duck. It was released by Walt Disney Productions.

A rare breed insect, the Bootle beetle, tells the story of how, as a child, he left the forest and came across a monster, Donald Duck, who recognized the rare insect and tried to capture him in a jar.


The short was released on December 11, 2007 on "".


Mr. Duck Steps Out

Mr. Duck Steps Out is a Donald Duck cartoon.

It was produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was is released on June 7, 1940, and featured the debut of Daisy Duck. The short was directed by Jack King and written by Carl Barks, Chuck Couch, Jack Hannah, Harry Reeves, Milt Schaffer, and Frank Tashlin.
Clarence Nash performs all the voices in the film—Donald, Daisy and Donald's nephews.


The short has been re-released on home media multiple times since its first distribution. These releases include:



Winchester Mystery House

The Winchester Mystery House or Winchester Mansion is a Queen Anne Victorian style mansion in San Jose, California United States of America. 
The house was built by Sarah Winchester after her family had died. A spiritual medium convinced Sarah that the deaths in her family were part of a karma type curse on her that could only be satisfied by constantly building a labyrinthian mansion according to the wishes of the ghosts of the people killed by Winchester rifles. The result is a higgeldy-piggeldy four-story maze of rooms and corridors with staircases leading to ceilings, doors leading to 10-20ft/ 3-6m drops to the ground outside or the floor level directly below, windows between rooms and other crazy anomalies. 
The main stairs are far shallower than usual to accommodate Sarah's arthritis, and there's three elevators in the house too! There's also cryptic symbology throughout the Winchester Mansion, like repetition of the motif 13. 
The house cost $5,500,000 to build ( close to $30,000,000 in today's money) and if it was built nowadays, would not meet any building codes.

Siding

Siding is the material or materials that cover the exterior walls of a building. Siding can be stone, brick, stucco, etc.

It is also the name of a section of a railway.

Queen Anne style architecture

The Queen Anne Victorian style is one of the styles of Victorian architecture. Particularly in North America, although occasionally in Australia, the Queen Anne Victorian style has features like fishscale trimwork and ornate spindles on the porches, brick and or clapboard siding (often painted in unorthodox colors) and turrets or bay windows. Houses built in this style tend to have two - four floors. "Queen Anne" is a misnomer when it comes to Victorian architecture because the Victorian era was several centuries removed from the reign of the real Queen Anne.

Bay window

A bay window is an alcove projecting outwards from an external wall.

Porch

A porch is a usually covered patio or deck that is attached to an exterior wall of the building.

Deck

Deck may refer to:






Ad Graaumans

Ad Graaumans (16 October 1946 — 12 November 2016) was a Dutch football midfielder. He played for NAC Breda, PSV and FC Den Bosch. He made his debut for NAC at the age of 16. He played a total of 95 matches for NAC, including the 1967 KNVB Cup final against Ajax Amsterdam. 

In March 1965 he broke his leg in the match against PSV. In June 1967 he moved to PSV.

He was the nephew op Ati Graaumans. 


Pasiones (TV channel)

Pasiones is an American pay television channel owned by Florida-based Hemisphere Media Group which was launched in 2008. The channel airs Spanish-language and dubbed telenovelas and series 24 hours a day.

Queen Anne

Queen Anne can mean:




Town charter

A town charter or city charter is a document that makes a settlement's status as a town or city official.

Homoscleromorpha

Homoscleromorpha is a class of marine sponges. It includes two families: the Plakinidae and the Oscarellidae.

Bandamax

Bandamax is a 24-hour cable television music channel owned by TelevisaUnivision Mexico under Televisa Networks. It is available in Mexico, United States, and Latin America. It focuses on Regional Mexican music; in addition to banda music, its playlist includes mariachi and norteño, among others.

Bandamax was released on December 1, 1996. In the beginning, the channel had its own programs. However, in late 1998, its programming became automated in music videos.
In November 2003, the channel was officially launched in the United States. Two years later, in 2005, at the request of the channel's audience, Bandamax again incorporated original production programs.


Centovalli

Centovalli is the name of a valley, in Ticino. It starts at Intragna, near Locarno and runs to the Swiss-Italian border. In Italy, the Italian part of the valley is known as Valle Vigezzo. There's the Domodossola–Locarno railway line, which is also known as "Centovalley railway".

Civic Tower (Lagos)

The Civic Tower, also called Civic Center Towers, Civic Towers, is a 16-floor office building in Lagos. It is near the Civic Centre on Ozumba Mbadiwe Avenue, Victoria Island, Lagos. It was opened in 2015.

On 20, July 2018, the Civic Towers and Civic Centre buildings were lit up in red to mark the 50th anniversary of Special Olympics alongside 225 landmarks across the world.

How to Play Football

How to Play Football is a short film by Disney starring Goofy, released on September 15, 1944. The short was directed by Jack Kinney. The seven and a half minute film was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film.


The short was released on December 2, 2002, on "" and on Volume 5 of the "Walt Disney's Classic Cartoon Favorites Extreme Sports Fun" series.

Dragon Around

Dragon Around is a 1954 American animated short film. It was directed by Jack Hannah and produced by Walt Disney, featuring Donald Duck and Chip 'n' Dale.


The Mouse Factory, episode #8: "Man at Work"
Good Morning, Mickey, episode #12
Mickey's Mouse Tracks, episode #48
Donald's Quack Attack, episode #58
The Ink and Paint Club, episode #1.5 "Chip 'n' Dale"

The short was released on November 11, 2008, on "".

Additional releases include:


National Arts Theatre

The National Theatre, Nigeria is the centre of the performing arts in Nigeria. It is located in Iganmu, Surulere, Lagos. It was completed in 1976 in preparation for the Festival of Arts and Culture (FESTAC) in 1977. It was built to preserve and promote of arts and culture in Nigeria. 

The building of the National Theatre started when General Yakubu Gowon was head of state and was completed when Olusegun Obasanjo was head of state.

The outside design of the National Theatre was designed, shaped and built to look like a military hat. It has 5,000s in its Main Hall with a collapsible stage, and has two cinema halls.

It resembles the Palace of Culture and Sports in Varna, Bulgaria (completed in 1968).

Scinax sateremawe

Scinax sateremawe is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientist shave seen it in the Floresta Nacional de Pau-Rosa.

The adult male frog is about 36.3 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog has large orange spots on its skin with black lines around the spots.

This frog lives in forests. Scientists have seen it on tree branches and on woody plants near ponds. They have also seen this frog near places full of water.

Wild Waves (movie)

Wild Waves is a Mickey Mouse short animated film. It was first released on December 21, 1929, as part of the "Mickey Mouse" film series. It was the fifteenth Mickey Mouse short to be produced, the twelfth of that year.

The short was released on December 7, 2004 on "".

It also aired on "The Mickey Mouse Club" (season 1, episode 73) and "Mickey's Mouse Tracks" (season 1, episode 56).


Ati Graaumans

Antonius Martinus “Ati” Graaumans (born 3 December 1945) is a former Dutch football defender. He played for NAC Breda and the Belgian club KFC Wuustwezel.

In May 1969, a week before his marriage, he got injured within the first minutes in the match against GVAV and had to go to the hospital because of a 25 cm long deep cut. 

His nephew Ad Graaumans also played for NAC Breda. 


Cartoon Network (French TV channel)

Cartoon Network is a French pay television channel. It is aimed at kids, available for France, Belgium, Switzerland, Luxembourg and Francophone Africa. It was launched on 23 August 1999 and is owned by Warner Bros. Discovery under its French division.

On 13 May 2014, Cartoon Network HD launched on Canalsat.

A Swiss feed was launched on 26 February 2007. Its advertising window is operated by Goldbach Media. Unlike in France, Cartoon Network is free in all Swiss TV providers, and it is the most popular kids channel in French.

Boomerang began as a preschool block on Cartoon Network in early 2000s. On 23 April 2003, Boomerang was launched as a channel on TPS.

Cartoonito was launched as a morning block on Boing on 5 September 2011. The block last aired on 5 July 2013.

In May 2021, WarnerMedia UK and EMEA announced plans to relaunching Cartoonito within their regionre-entering in Spring 2022, with its streaming service HBO Max (or HBO Go).


Cartoon Network (Japanese TV channel)

The channel is aimed at children. It mostly airs animated television series. As a Japanese version of the eponymous television channel in the United States, Cartoon Network broadcasts original series from its U.S. counterpart, as well as several Japanese animated series and films, and other non-Japanese programs.


On October 1, 2011, Cartoon Network in Japan & English, along with other versions of Cartoon Network operated by Turner Broadcasting System Asia Pacific, adopted its current branding. On April 1, 2017, the channel started using graphics from Cartoon Network USA's "Dimensional" brand package. On January 1, 2022, the channel started using graphics from Cartoon Network USA's "Redraw Your World" brand package.

Federico Maria Martini

Federico Maria Martini (Cremona, 21 july 2001) is an Italian writer and poet.

Graduated in a scientific high school, Federico Maria Martini is now earning a degree in Philosophy at the University of Bergamo.

His studies have also seen as protagonists various seminars, in the psychological field, held by national and foreign universities, among which Yale University, University of Edinburgh and Federico II University of Naples.

He fell in love with writing at the age of seventeen and decided at that time that it would become his profession.

In 2020 he publishes his first short novel, entitled "The black rose", and will collaborate, only later, with some local newspapers.

On May 15, 2020 he published an article entitled "Music does not like power" in the theater magazine "Meglio Meno" dedicated to the death of the musician Ezio Bosso, which took place on the same day.

In 2021 he decides to start devoting himself to poetry by writing various compositions, some of which have allowed him to receive the medal of honor at the "Alda Merini" literary prize, in memory of the author herself and granted by the Nuova Accademia dei Bronzi.

In 2021 he earned the title of "Poet of Via Margutta".

In his publications, although not always explicitly, Martini refers to the thought of Marx from the perspective of German idealism, approaching the critique of the capitalist system with elements deriving from metaphysics, which lead him to reflect on issues such as alienation, labor and spiritual, ethics and progress.





Hidde van der Ploeg

Hidde van der Ploeg (29 December 1933 — 3 May 2022) was a Dutch volleyball player, basketball player, volleyball coach, sports editor and reporter.

Van der Ploeg played in the late 1950s and 1960s with the club REVA in Amsterdam (that later became AMVJ). He played together with international players Gertie Goedhals, Hans Maas and Paul van Lith.

Van der Ploeg played 39 matches for the Dutch national volleyball team including at the 1958 Men's European Volleyball Championship. In 1960 he came into conflict with the volleyball board and was put on non-active status.

In 1962 he started playing basketball with club Landlust. He played two seasons for Landlust (1962-1964) and afterwards two seasons for U.S. (1964-1966). He played a total of 13 matches during this four seasons in the Dutch Basketball League A. He also played one match for the Netherlands men's national basketball team.

Van der Ploeg became coach of AMVJ in 1968, and the team became in April 1969 for the fifth time national champion. Van der Ploeg saw international ambitions with the club. He wanted to increase among others the numbers of training sessions as some players only trained twice per week. After he came in a conflict with players his contract was not renewed in 1969. He improved his training methods while also working as a sports teacher at the university and as a volleyball trainer at the CIOS in Overveen. He became convinced that the Netherlands could become internationally successful with a stricter training regime and a different attitude.

In 1969 he was asked by the Nederlandse Volleyball Bond (NeVoBo) to become the head coach of the Netherlands men's national volleyball team where he applied his vision and training regime. The successes were mixed, but according to Van der Ploeg disappointing. After the 1970 FIVB Volleyball Men's World Championship he wrote an article for De Tijd about the Championships. In this article he criticized the team. This was not accepted by the volleyball association and Van der Ploeg was fired in November 1970. After a long search, the Polish Ben Krysik became his successor. He was offered a contract as coach at HVS in Haarlem that he accepted and later Van der Ploeg returned as coach for AMVJ.

He returned again for a very short while as coach for AMJV, but couldn’t combine it with his job at NRC Handelsblad.

For VARA he renewed the radio program 'Van Start tot Finish' (translated: From start to finish) with ironic contributions of duo Henk Spaan and Harry Vermeegen. 

From 1979 to the 1988 Summer Olympics, Van der Ploeg was the sports editor of national newspaper NRC Handelsblad. During these years Tim Krabbé, Freek de Jonge and Herman Kuiphof had their columns on the sports pages and made also space for a weekly column written by women. In December 1984 when Arie Selinger, the coach of the Olympic women’s USA silver medal winning team, gave a press conference in Amsterdam, Van der Ploeg was the only journalist who showed up. After being sports editor he continued working as reporter for NRC Handelsblad.

IOS 16

iOS 16 is the 16th and current major release of the iOS mobile operating system developed by Apple. It was announced at the company's Worldwide Developers Conference on June 6, 2022, and it is the successor to iOS 15.

The public release of iOS 16 was released on September 12, 2022 worldwide. iOS 16 has been succeeded by iOS 17 as of September 18, 2023.


Rick Karsdorp

Rick Karsdorp (born 11 February 1995) is a Dutch professional footballer.


FESTAC 77

Festac '77, was a major international festival held in Lagos, Nigeria, from 15 January 1977 to 12 February 1977. The event celebrated African culture and showcased to the world African music, fine art, literature, drama, dance and religion. About 16,000 participants performed at the event. Artists who performed at the festival included Stevie Wonder from United States, Gilberto Gil from Brazil, Bembeya Jazz National from Guinea, Mighty Sparrow from Trinidad and Tobago, Les Ballets Africains, South African Miriam Makeba, and Franco Luambo Makiadi. At the time it was held, it was the largest gathering of African people to ever take place.

The official symbol of the festival was a similar symbol crafted by Erhabor Emokpae of the royal ivory mask of Benin. The hosting of the festival led to the creation of the Nigerian National Council of Arts and Culture, Festac Village and the National Theatre, Iganmu, Lagos. Most of the events were held in four main venues: The National Theatre, National Stadium Surulere, Lagos City Hall and Tafawa Balewa Square.

The Wonderful World of Mickey Mouse

The Wonderful World of Mickey Mouse is an American animated streaming television series. It was produced by Disney Television Animation for Disney+.





Noor Abu Dhabi Solar Power plant

Noor Abu Dhabi Solar Power plant is the world’s largest single-site solar power plant,
Noor Abu Dhabi began commercial operations in April 2019. 

Noor Abu Dhabi is EWEC’s first significant project that uses sustainable technology and is also a key milestone in the transformation of the energy sector. Beyond size, Noor Abu Dhabi broke another record at the time of bid submission in September 2016, attracting the world’s most competitive tariff of 8.888 fils/kWh. 
The project has won numerous awards throughout the development, most recently winning Power Generation Project of the Year Award at MEED Projects Awards 2020, and Utility Project of the Year Award at the 2020 Middle East Solar Awards, held by the Middle East Solar Industry Association.
Abu Dhabi National Energy Company (TAQA) owns 60 percent of the project with Marubeni Corporation and JinkoPower each holding 20 percent.
Located at Sweihan, Abu Dhabi, it covers an area of 8 square kilometres and features 3.2 million solar panels. The plant produces approximately 1.2 gigawatts of power, reducing reliance on the usage of natural gas for electricity generation resulting in a carbon footprint reduction of 1 million metric tons per year, which is equivalent to taking 200,000 cars off the road.

Noor translates to Light in Arabic. It has 3.2 million solar panels. The plant is known to give clean energy for 90,000 individuals in Abu Dhabi.

HEC Foundation

The HEC Foundation (French: "Fondation HEC") has been created in 1972. The aim of the Foundation, as presented by HEC, is to help in the development of the school.

The objectives include the international development, social opening, as well as the digital transformation of the school.

The foundation was created in 1972. It has been recognized as a public utility since 1973.


Mickey's Tale of Two Witches

Mickey's Tale of Two Witches is a Halloween television special that premiered on October 7, 2021 on Disney Junior.




Southwest Airlines Flight 1380

Southwest Airlines Flight 1380 was a Southwest Airlines flight operated by a Boeing 737-700, which suffered contained engine failure of its left engine about twenty minutes after takeoff from New York-LaGuardia Airport on April 17, 2018. The wreckage of the damaged engine struck the fuselage of the aircraft and a side window, which blew out, causing rapid depressurization of the aircraft. A female passenger died after being partially ejected from the failed window. Seven other people were injured.

The aircraft, N772SW, a Boeing 737-7H4, was subsequently flown to Boeing in Everett on April 30, 2018 for repairs. The plane was moved into storage at Victorville on June 7, 2018. The aircraft remains there and has not made a scheduled revenue flight since. It has had its Southwest titles removed but remains in the basic Southwest livery.

On July 19, 1989, United Airlines Flight 232 made an emergency landing at Sioux-City Airport. The inside of the plane's number 2 engine exploded and the plane was uncontrollable, only turning to the right. The DC-10 took off from Denver, Colorado and its destination was the city of Chicago, Illinois.


The Little Whirlwind

The Little Whirlwind is a 1941 animated short movie. It is part of the "Mickey Mouse" series. It was produced by Walt Disney for Walt Disney Productions. The short was released by RKO Radio Pictures on February 14, 1941. The film was directed by Riley Thomson, and animated by Ward Kimball, Fred Moore, Ken Muse, Jim Armstrong, Les Clark, John Elliotte, Fred Jones, Walt Kelly, and Frank Follmer. Art Fitzpatrick did the animation effects. It was the 110th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the first for that year.


The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include "Walt Disney's Classic Cartoon Favorites Starring Mickey Volume 1", and the 2018 Blu-ray/DVD/Digital "Celebrating Mickey" compilation.


Lonesome Ghosts

Lonesome Ghosts is a 1937 Disney animated cartoon. It was released through RKO Radio Pictures. It was released on December 24, 1937, three days after "Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs" (1937). It was directed by Burt Gillett and animated by Izzy Klein, Ed Love, Milt Kahl, Marvin Woodward, Bob Wickersham, Clyde Geronimi, Dick Huemer, Dick Williams, Art Babbitt and Rex Cox. The short features Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck and Goofy as members of The Ajax Ghost Exterminators. It was the 98th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the ninth for that year.

This short is the first time Goofy uses the catchphrase "Somethin' wrong here!".



The short was released on December 4, 2001 on "".

Additional releases include:


Human rights in Burkina Faso

Human rights in Burkina Faso are addressed in its constitution. Both male and female same-sex sexual activity has always been legal in Burkina Faso. The age of consent is equal, regardless of sex since 1996.

Human rights in Chad

Human rights in Chad have been described as "poor". Freedom House has designated the country as "Not Free." Chad received a score of 7 for political rights and 6 for civil liberties (with 1 being the most free, 7 being the least free).

Article 350(i) of the Penal Code provides imprisonment of ten to twenty years when the rape is committed because of the sexual orientation of the victim.

Human rights in the Gambia

Human rights in the Gambia have been considered poor under Yahya Jammeh. In December, 2016, he lost an election to Adama Barrow, who promised to improve human rights in his country. The "Freedom in the World" report for 2018 ranked the Gambia as "partly free". LGBT activity is illegal, and punishable with life imprisonment.

Human rights in Guinea

Homosexuality is illegal in Guinea. Same-sex relations are considered a strong taboo. The prime minister said in 2010 that he does not consider sexual orientation a legitimate human right.

SpongeBob SquarePants (season 5)

The fifth season of SpongeBob SquarePants premiered on April 13, 2007, with the episode "Friend or Foe". The season ended on July 19, 2009 with the airing of "Goo Goo Gas". As in season four, the season DVDs were split into two volumes. The volume one DVD was released in region one on September 4, 2007 while the second was released on November 18, 2008. 41 episodes were produced this season.

Human rights in Guinea-Bissau

In December 2008, Guinea-Bissau became one of 66 countries to sign the "United Nations Statement on Human Rights, Sexual Orientation and Gender Identity". The statement supports decriminalization of homosexuality and transgender identity.

Of 19 African countries surveyed in 2010, Guinea-Bissau was one of the most tolerant about homosexual behavior. Nine percent in Guinea-Bissau said that homosexual behavior was morally acceptable, with fifteen percent saying it was not an issue.

Human rights in Mali

According to the United States Department of State's annual report on human rights in Mali for 2003, Mali's government generally respects the human rights of its citizens and observes relevant constitutional provisions (for example, freedom of speech and of the press, freedom of assembly and association, freedom of religion) and prohibitions (for example, arbitrary arrest and detention, forced exile, torture, and discrimination based on race, sex, disability, language, or social status).

Societal discrimination based on sexual orientation occurred. Additionally, Mali was one of two countries behind removing specific protection for gays from a UN resolution on executions in 2010.

Human rights in Niger

According to the Republic of Niger's Constitution of 1999, most human rights, as defined by the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, are upheld and protected. Same-sex sexual activity is legal in Niger but the age of consent is not equal for same-sex and opposite-sex sexual activity. There is no legal protection against discrimination based on sexual orientation or gender identity.

Human rights in Mozambique

The concept of human rights in Mozambique is an ongoing issue for the African country.

Mozambique, along with other former Portuguese colonies, is one of the most LGBT-friendly African nations. Polls have found moderate levels of support for LGBT rights and same-sex marriage. Nevertheless, same-sex couples are unable to marry or adopt, and LGBT people still face discrimination and prejudice.

Human rights in Guyana

Homosexual actions, as well as anal and oral sex, are illegal in Guyana. It is currently the only country in South America that prohibits such acts. Engaging in such acts can give life imprisonment, though it is not enforced. These laws can be difficult to change, because Guyana's Constitution protects laws given from the British Empire from constitutional review. However, cross-dressing has been legal since 2018, when a ban was struck down by Guyana's court of last resort, the Caribbean Court of Justice. President David A. Granger (2015–2020) expressed support for these efforts.

Philidor

Philidor ("Filidor") or Danican Philidor was a family of musicians. They worked for the French kings. The family name was originally Danican (D'Anican). They were of Scottish origin (Duncan). The name Philidor was given by King Louis XIII to Michel the elder. Michel's oboe playing reminded the king of an Italian oboe player named Filidori. Members of the family were composers and musicians. One of them (François-André Danican Philidor) was a chess master.


Isaac Stern

Isaac Stern (July 21, 1920 – September 22, 2001) was an American violinist.

Isaac Stern was born in Kremenets, Poland (now Ukraine) to a Jewish family. In 1921, When Stern was over a year old, his family moved to San Franciso. At age 8, he began studies at San Francisco Conservatory of Music until 193. Later he would study under Louis Persinger. He returned to the conservatory under Naoum Blinder. 

Stern debuted with the San Francisco Symphony at age 15 and played Saint-Saëns' Violin Concerto No. 3 in B minor. 
He performed for soldiers during World War 2 and performed in USSR in 1951. During the Yom Kippur War, he would give a concert for wounded Israelis soldiers. A notable concert was in 1991 during the Gulf War. Stern was playing a Bach piece in Jerusalem, when sirens sounded the alarm of an air raid. Although the audience was frightened, Stern continued to play and the audience just listened to the rest of the concert with gas masks. Stern was also a cultural ambassador. 

Stern performed frequently with the New York Philharmonic. He prevented Carnegie Hall from be taken down by campaigning and raising money for the building. 

Stern would come to learn other musicians: Yo-Yo Ma, Jian Wang, Itzhak Perlman and Pinchas Zukerman.

Stern also contributed to movies. He was the soloist for the film "Fiddler on the Roof" (1971). He was also the music advisor for the film "Humoresque" (1946)"."

Stern's discography includes works by Brahms, Bach, Beethoven, Mendelssohn, Sibelius, Tchaikovsky, Vivaldi, Barber, Bartók, Stravinsky, Bernstein, Rochberg, and Dutilleux. 

Stern enjoyed playing Ysaÿe Guarnerius, a violin made by the luthier Giuseppe Guarneri del Gesù. Other instruments he played included "Kruse-Vormbaum" Stradivarius (1728), the "Panette" Guarneri del Gesù (1737), the "ex-Stern" Bergonzi (1733), a Michele Angelo Bergonzi (1739–1757), the "Arma Senkrah" Guadagnini (1750), a Giovanni Guadagnini (1754) and others. 

List of massacres in Azerbaijan

The following is a list of massacres in Azerbaijan that have occurred in Azerbaijan.

The following is a list of massacres and pogroms, which took place in the course of the First Nagorno-Karabakh War and the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh War between Armenians and Azerbaijanis.

Fiddler on the Roof (movie)

Fiddler on the Roof is an epic 1971 musical film. It is an adaptation of a Broadway musical with the same name. Norman Jewison directed the film. Joseph Stein and Sholem Aleichem wrote the script. The film stars Topol, Norma Crane, Leonard Frey, Molly Picon, and Paul Mann. The film s about Tevye, a Jew in AnatevkaIt. He has to reevaluate his values with the marriages of his daughters. It was nominated for eight Oscars and won three Academy Awards in 1972. 

The film is broken into two acts and an intermission. 

It follows the family of the milkman Tevye in the Ukrainian Town of Anatekva in Imperial Russia. The people in the town are compared to a fiddler on the roof, who use tradition to stay on their feet and "scratch out a pleasant, simple tune." The story deals with Tevye coming to terms with deviations from tradition. The oldest daughter Tzeitel ends up marrying the tailor Motel out of love and not as arranged by the father. At their wedding, the two dance together, which is shocking and new for the town, as men and women cannot dance together. Then Russians come and break up the wedding and vandalize the place.

The second daughter, Hodel falls in love with and marries a Jewish Marxist student Perchik from Kiev. Tevye reluctantly accepts their love and the two eventually settle in Siberia. The youngest daughter Chava falls in love with Fyedka, a Russian Orthodox Christian. Tevye does not accept that Chava marries a non-Jew. Near the end, the villagers of Anatekva are forced to leave and evacuate the town to Europe, Israel and the United States. At various points in the film, a fiddler appears and plays the fiddle.


John Williams adapted the music from Jerry Bock. The violin soloist was Isaac Stern. 


The movie was a financial success making over $80 million. It was the highest-grossing film in 1971. 

The film received positive reviews by critics. The film has a 83% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. Critics considered the movie a powerful and emotion work. Some thought the storyline was boring. 


ASKÖ-Sportanlage West

ASKÖ-Sportanlage West, for sponsoring reasons Max Aicher Stadium, is a football stadium in the Maxglan district of Salzburg.

The stadium was opened in 1999 and was the homeground of ASK Salzburg. In May 2006 the club went bankrupt and in summer 2007 Austria Salzburg took over the ground. The club played in the 6th league. Till 2010 they reached the Regionalliga (3rd level). The telephone company MyPhone Austria bought the naming rights and the stadium was called "MyPhone Austria Stadion."

2015 the stadium was renovated for licence reasons. It got a new stand behind one goal and a floodlight system. For high security matches the club had to go to Schwanenstadt.

2018 the stadium was renamed in "Erich Misoph Volltreffer Stadion" . Volltreffer.com was the name of the sponsor. Misoph was one of the founding members of the supporter club „1. Anhängerklub Austria Salzburg“ in 1972. The club is still active and one of the oldest supporter clubs in Austria.

In 2019 Austria got Max Aicher, a Bavarian business man, as new sponsor. The stadium was renamed and is now the "Max Aicher stadium".

Margery Wentworth

Margery Wentworth was the wife of Sir John Seymour and the mother of Queen Jane Seymour, the third wife of King Henry VIII of England. She was the grandmother of King Edward VI of England.

John Seymour (1474–1536)

John Seymour (1474 – 1536) was the father of Henry VIII's third wife Jane Seymour. He married a young English woman named Margery Wentworth. He was born on the year 1476 (exact date is unknown) and died the year Jane Seymour wed Henry VIII in 1536 at the age 62.

Family Guy (season 3)

The third season of Family Guy ran from Novmeber 7, 2004 to June 12, 2005.

Hans Lodder

Hans Lodder (born 1945) is a former Dutch volleyball. He was a member of the Dutch national team playing about 150 matches. Lodder played as a defender and had a strong block.

After his playing career he moved to Nigeria Expanding beer breweries, including for Heineken and founded DHV Consultants Nigeria Limited.

Lodder lived in Hoogeveen and attended Hogere Burgerschool. He moved to Groningen and attended from 1960 the (HTS). After moving to Groningen he started playing volleyball with Oranje-Nassau (and also played for the college volleyball team CVL of the (HTS)). After playing for half a year in the second division team of Oranje Bassau, he became a substitute for the main team. When Oranje Nassau promoted to the highest league (Eredivisie), Lodder became member of the team.

Next to Oranje Nassau, Lodder became a member of the national team in the B-division at the end of 1963. He made his debut for the Dutch national team in 1965; and played next to it with the junior national team. He played for the national teams in around 150 matches.

Lodder helped, together with Piet Swieter, Oranje-Nassau becoming one of the best Dutch teams. Altough the success with the club, he started playing with AMJV in 1967, started working in Amersfoort and lived in Leusden. He was two year captain of AMJV. After these two years he couldn’t play volleyball for a while due to a nerve infection in his arm. After his recovery he couldn’t reach his old level, due to his time consuming job at the consultancy and engineering firm DHV. Lodder retired from volleyball in 1971 and moved for his work to Nigeria.

Working forward for DHV, Lodder was commissioned between 1971 and 1974 by beer brewery Heineken to coordinate and supervise the civil work of the expansion of the Heineken brewery in Lagos. In that period he was also asked to help with the expansions of two other breweries. As new brewery was planned in Ibadan in 1974, Lodder suggested that DHV set up a local office in Nigeria to have the detailed engineering carried out there, in addition to the preliminary and final design by DHV Netherlands. His proposal was approved and in 1975 he founded DHV Consultants Nigeria Limited and managed the firm until 1978.

Lodder was awarded by the Nederlandse Volleyball Bond a silver federation pin.

24 (season 1)

This is the first season of 24 (TV Series) and it is called Day 1. The story begins at midnight, lasts 24 hours and ends the following midnight. There are 24 episodes in Season 1 and each corresponds to an hour of narrative time. 

Jack Bauer is attempting to stop terrorists, who plan to assassinate Presidential Candidate David Palmer. They abduct Kim Bauer and Teri Bauer in order to use Jack to their advantage. With Jack's wife and daughter, the terrorists have leverage over Jack and try to force him to kill Palmer. At one point, Jack has to choose between the lives of his family and that of the presidential candidate. After Kim and Teri are rescued and the terrorists stopped, a second group of terrorists try to target David Palmer and Jack Bauer. The second terrorists were behind the first. They are seeking revenge for a raid that connects Palmer and Bauer. The goal of the raid was to kill Victor Drazen. Palmer's death is faked to satisfy the terrorists. Viewers learn that Victor Drazen is still alive and that Nina Myers has been working with the terrorists. Senator Palmer realizes he cannot stay married to Sherry and they separate.



The season received positive reviews with 95% on Rotten Tomatoes. Critics said, "Brimming with tension and political intrigue, "24" successfully introduces its unique, high-concept format and a compelling hero worth watching in Kiefer Sutherland's Jack Bauer."

Clock Cleaners

Clock Cleaners is a 1937 American animated short movie. It was produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was released by RKO Radio Pictures. The cartoon follows Mickey Mouse, Donald Duck, and Goofy working as janitors in a tall clock tower. The movie was directed by Ben Sharpsteen. The music was written by Paul Smith and Oliver Wallace. The voice cast includes Walt Disney as Mickey, Clarence Nash as Donald, and Pinto Colvig as Goofy. It was the 97th short in the "Mickey Mouse" movie series to be released.



The short was released on December 4, 2001, on "".

Additional releases include:

Mickey and the Seal

Mickey and the Seal is a cartoon short created by Walt Disney in 1948. It was nominated for Academy Award for Animated Short Film, but lost to Tom and Jerry cartoon "The Little Orphan", It was the 122nd short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released. It was also the second produced that year.



The short was released on May 18, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:

The Mouse Factory

The Mouse Factory is an American syndicated television series produced by Walt Disney Productions. It was created by Ward Kimball. It ran from 1972 to 1973. It showed clips from various Disney cartoons and movies, hosted by celebrity guests (credited as being "Mickey's Friend") visiting the Mouse Factory. They interacted with the walk-around characters in Disney theme parks. The series was later rerun on the Disney Channel in the 1980s and 1990s.

Due to low ratings, the series was cancelled after its second season.

43 episodes were produced, including:

Out of Scale

Out of Scale is a 1951 American animated short movie. It was directed by Jack Hannah and produced by Walt Disney.



The short was released on November 11, 2008 on "".

Additional releases include:


Twosday

Twosday is a one time dated event that occured on Tuesday 22 February 2022, it was nicknamed Twosday as the date in question was styled 22/2/22 and it was on a Tuesday. The next occurrence of a similar event is Thursday 3 March 2033 (3/3/33), nicknamed Thirdsday.

Zephania Arinaitwe

Zephania Arinaitwe was born on 4 December, 2001. He is a cricketer from Uganda. In September 2018, he was put on Uganda's team for the 2018 Africa T20 Cup. He started to play Twenty20 for Uganda in 2018. He is right handed.

Young Guns II

Young Guns II is an American Western movie. It is a sequel to "Young Guns". Young Guns was made in 1988, and Young Guns II was made in 1990. This movie stars Emilio Estevez, Kiefer Sutherland, Lou Diamond Phillips, and Christian Slater. Another actor is William Petersen as Pat Garrett. It was written and produced by John Fusco. It was directed by Geoff Murphy. It is about Billy the Kid.


Whose Life Is It Anyway?

Whose Life Is It Anyway? is an American drama movie from 1981. It was directed by John Badham. It started Richard Dreyfuss. It was a movie version of a 1972 television movie and a 1978 stage play. Both of these were called the same thing as the movie. Whose Life Is It Anyway? has a 70% rating on Rotten Tomatoes.

The movie is about a sculptor (a person who makes sculptures). He gets paralyzed and decides he wants to die, but he cannot kill himself on his own because he cannot move. He asks a doctor for help.


Waqas Barkat

Waqas Barkat was born on 17 February 1990. He was born in Pakistan. He plays cricket for Hong Kong. Barkat is right-handed. He is a wicket-keeper. 

War of Nerves

"War of Nerves" is a song by the band All Saints. It was released by London Records on 23 November 1998. It was the fifth and last single from their first album, which was also called "All Saints". Shaznay Lewis, Natalie Appleton and Nicole Appleton wrote the song, and producers Cameron McVey and Magnus Fiennes helped them. War of Nerves is a ballad about dying. It was based on the death of Diana, Princess of Wales. "War of Nerves" was at number seven on the UK Singles Chart. This made it the band’s fifth single in a row that reached the top 10.

Virandeep Singh

Virandeep Singh was born on 23 March 1999. He is a Malaysian cricketer. He plays for the Malaysia cricket team. His older brother, Pavandeep Singh, also plays cricket.

24 (season 2)

This is the second season of the American drama television series "24" and known as Day 2. The seasons narrative begins at 8 AM, last 24 hours and ends at 8 AM the next day.

Jack and CTU try to stop a nuclear bomb from being blown up in Los Angelos. Terrorists blow up CTU to draw away their attention. George Mason ends up detonating the bomb over the Mojave Desert and away from the city. Afterwards Jack follows leads that indicate that a recording implicating three Middle Eastern countries is false. President David Palmer decides to not attack these Middle Eastern Countries. His cabinet removes him from office under the Twenty-fifth Amendment and the Vice President becomes President. Eventually Jack finds the evidence and Palmer is reinstated as President. At the end of the season, Palmer is poisoned with anthrax.



The season received positive reviews with a 95% on Rotten Tomatoes.

Reiner Fuellmich

Reiner Fuellmich (05.Mai 1958, Bremen) is a German lawyer and spokesman for the Stiftung Corona Ausschuss, a non-governmental investigative committee based in Germany. He allegedly played an important role in the Volkswagen emissions scandal and successfully sued Deutsche Bank in a few small mortgage cases, where he previously worked. In 2020, Fuellmich and his colleagues began documenting violations of law, medical malpractice and scientific fraud, in connection with the COVID-19 scandal.

Fuellmich studied law at the University of Göttingen and as an exchange student at the University of California in Los Angeles. He then worked from 1985 to 2001 at the research centre for medical and pharmaceutical law as a research assistant at the chair of Erwin Deutsch at the law faculty of the University of Göttingen, where he also obtained his doctorate. During this time he was also part of the ethics committees of the University Hospitals of Göttingen and Hanover. He also held positions in corporate banking at Deutsche Bank, first as a trainee in Germany from 1990 and then in Japan until 1992. In 1993 he founded his own law firm. He is licensed to practice law in California and is a member of the German-American and German-Japanese bar associations. In 2009, Fuellmich's law firm was ranked among the top 20 law firms for investor protection in Germany, especially since 1996 as a specialist for injured parties of so-called junk real estate.

Together with internationally connected lawyers, he 'offers' companies the opportunity to join a class action lawsuit in the United States to recover damages caused by mismanagement based on Christian Drosten's allegedly faulty PCR-test.

Bode Museum

The Bode Museum (Bode-Museum) is one of the buildings on the Museum Island (Museuminsel). It is part of a UNESCO World Heritage.

It was originally built in 1897 to hold Renaissance Art. The museum was radical at the time in that it presented paintings next to sculptors. Bombing during World War 2 damaged the building, which was restored in 1948 and 1986. The museum reopened 2006. 

Today the museum contains artwork from the Gemäldegalerie and Byzantine sculptor and art. There are sculptures from the Byzantine, Middle Ages, Italian Gothic, Renaissance and late German Gothic. It also holds a special collection of medals and coins (Münzkabinett). It is one of the largest coin collections in the world. 

In 2017, a Big Maple Leaf Coin was stolen from the museum. The thieves are believed to have melted the coin.

Proxima Centauri c

Proxima Centauri Cecel or Proxima Centauri c is the second planet to have been discovered in the Proxima Centauri system. The planet could either be a "superterran" or mini gas planet and may have a ring system akin to that of Saturn, as well as at least a exomoon.

Proxima Centauri b

Proxima Centauri b is a planet orbiting Proxima Centauri, the Sun's closest stellar neighbor. The planet is in Proxima Centauri's habitable zone and is a terrestrial planet a bit bigger than Earth, so it could be an Earth-like planet with lakes, rivers an ocean and complex extraterrestrial life. The planet is 7.5 million kilometres on average from Proxima Centauri and is likely to either be tidally locked or have an orbital resonance similar to that of Mercury. The biggest potential strike against Proximal b's habitability is that its star is prone to flares.

47 Ursae Majoris b

47 Ursae Majoris b or Taphau Thong is an extrasolar gas planet around 46 light-years from our solar system in the 47 Ursae Majoris system. The planet is 2.5 times the mass of Jupiter with gravity that's six to eight times stronger than that of Earth. The gravitational interaction of Taphau Thong's highly elliptical orbit precludes any habitable planets in its system, although it is possible that some of the planet's potentialnatural satellites could be habitable thanks to tidal heating.

Tidal heating

Tidal heating or tidal flexing is the heating resulting from a natural satellite or similar body being "stretched" and "squeezed" by a much larger body nearby. The flexing causes heat through friction. Liquid water layers, and so habitability, may happen beyond the traditional habitable zone of a solar system.

TrES-2b

TrES-2b is a large gas planet 750 light-years from our solar system. TrES-2b is the planet with the lowest albedo known, absorbing 99% of the light that hits it. TrES-2b is a hot Jupiter.

HAT-P-7b

HAT P-7b is a hot Jupiter located around the star HAT P-7.

2022 Sitakunda fire and explosions

On the night of , a fire and then explosions at a container depot in Sitakunda Upazila, Chittagong District, Bangladesh, killed at least 41 people and injured more than 450 others.

The incident occurred at BM Container Depot in the Kadamrasul area of Sitakunda Upazila. After a fire started in the loading area, a massive explosion happened, causing more explosions that spread across the depot.

Official said that there was hydrogen peroxide in the depot which prevented the fire from being controlled.

HD 85512 b

HD 85512b is a terrestrial exoplanet orbiting an orange dwarf star 37 light years from our solar system. The planet lays too close to its star to be habitable.

Owo church attack

On 5 June 2022, a mass shooting and bomb attack happened at a Catholic church in the city of Owo, Ondo State, Nigeria.

The attack took place at the St. Francis Xavier Catholic Church. The attackers exploded bombs right outside the building and started firing their guns. Four of the perpetrators fired directly into the building. People tried to escape the building, but the main entrance was locked and the gunmen were firing at people trying to run through the remaining two. When people who were shot tried to get up the attackers would shoot them again.

A witness said that he saw five gunmen who perpetrated the attack. Two security forces officers were also killed.

At least 22 deaths have been confirmed so far, but it is likely that over fifty people were killed in the attack.

A group hasn't yet said that they were responsible, so the perpetrator of the attack is unknown.

Berndt Stübner

Berndt Stübner (16 February 1947 – 2 June 2022) was a German actor, puppet maker, playwright and theatre director. His best known movie roles were in "Wedding Night in the Rain", "Frau Venus und ihr Teufel", "Hauptmann Florian von der Mühle", "Seine Hoheit – Genosse Prinz", and "Weil ich dich liebe...".

Kepler-442b

Kepler-442b is an exoplanet 1206 light years from our solar system. The planet is a "superterran", meaning a terrestrial planet bigger than Earth. Kepler-442b is located in its system's habitable zone and is likely to be liveable to organisms like those of Earth.

José de Abreu (politician)

José Masci de Abreu (8 December 1944 – 3 June 2022) was a Brazilian politician. He was a member of the Brazilian Social Democracy Party and later Podemos. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1995 to 2003.

Abreu died at a hospital in São Paulo, Brazil on 3 June 2022 at the age of 77.

Qatar-5b

Qatar-5b is a gaseous exoplanet orbiting its star closer than Mercury to the Sun.

Piergiorgio Bressani

Piergiorgio Bressani (10 June 1929 – 3 June 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Christian Democracy party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1963 to 1986. He was also Secretary of the Council of Ministers from 1979 to 1981.

Bressani died in Udine on 3 June 2022 at the age of 92.

Kepler-62d

Kepler-62d, orbiting the star Kepler-62, is a superterran exoplanet with a surface temperature of 510°K (237°C/458°F) making it too hot for life as we know it.

Liliana de Curtis

Liliana Focas Flavio Angelo Ducas Comneno de Curtis di Bisanzio Gagliardi (10 May 1933 – 3 June 2022), commonly known as Liliana de Curtis, was an Italian actress and writer. De Curtis appeared in the movie "Saint John, the Beheaded" in 1940 and appearing in the 1954 movie "Orient Express."

De Curtis died in her home in Rome on 3 June 2022, at the age of 89.

Illinois's 10th congressional district

The 10th congressional district of Illinois lies in the northeast corner of the state. The district represents the northern suburbs of Chicago. It was created after the 1860 census. The district is currently represented by Democrat Brad Schneider.

The specific areas that this district overs are Beach Park, Buffalo Grove, Deerfield, Fox Lake, Glencoe, Grayslake, Highland Park, Lake Bluff, Lake Forest, Lake Villa, Lindenhurst, Libertyville, Morton Grove, Mundelein, North Chicago, Northbrook, Prospect Heights, Round Lake, Round Lake Beach, Vernon Hills, Waukegan, Wheeling and Zion are included. 

Lake Villa, Illinois

Lake Villa is a village in Lake County, Illinois United States. In the 2020 census, it said the population was 8,741. Lake Villa is about 50 miles north of Chicago.

Lindenhurst, Illinois

Lindenhurst is a village in Lake County, Illinois, United States. In the 2020 census, it said that the population was 14,406.

Round Lake, Illinois

Round Lake is a northern suburb of Chicago in Lake County, Illinois, United States. The population was 18,721 in 2020.

Vernon Hills, Illinois

Vernon Hills is a suburb north of Chicago in Lake County, Illinois, United States. The population was 26,850 at the 2020 census. 

55 Cancri e

55 Cancri e is a superterran exoplanet made almost entirely of carbon, giving it the nickname the "diamond planet" or "Lucy" (from the Beatles song "Lucy in the sky with diamonds"). The planet orbits a sun like star just 2,400,000 kilometres from the star on average, pushing surface temperatures to an average of 2,575°K. The gravity of 55 Cancri e is around 15 times that of Earth, and the planet is tidally locked. The likelihood of diamonds on 55 Cancri e is due to the insane pressures on the planet.55 Cancri E is also known of being up to double the size of Earth.

Larry Hillman

Lawrence Morley Hillman (February 5, 1937 – May 31, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman and coach. He played for 15 different teams in his 22 professional seasons. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) between 1955 and 1973, and then in the World Hockey Association (WHA) from 1973 to 1976.

Hillman died on June 3, 2022, at the age of 85.

Ken Kelly (artist)

Ken W. Kelly (May 19, 1946 – June 3, 2022) was an American fantasy artist. In the early 1970s he did a couple of cover paintings for "Castle of Frankenstein" magazine. Throughout the 1970s he was one of the foremost cover artists on Warren Publishing's" Creepy "and" Eerie" magazines. He also designed album covers for KISS, Manowar, Sleepy Hollow, Rainbow, and Ace Frehley.

Kelly died on June 3, 2022, at the age of 76.

Grachan Moncur III

Grachan Moncur III (June 3, 1937 – June 3, 2022) was an American jazz trombonist. Moncur toured with Ray Charles (1959–62), Art Farmer and Benny Golson's Jazztet (1962), and Sonny Rollins.

Moncur died on June 3, 2022, his 85th birthday, at his home in Newark, New Jersey from cardiac arrest.

Proxima Centauri d

Proxima Centauri d is the newest planet to have been discovered in the Proxima Centauri system. It's a Mars sized planet orbiting 4.3 million kilometres from Proxima Centauri, putting it well inside the orbit of Proximal b and making it far too hot to be habitable.

Art Farmer

Arthur Stewart Farmer (August 21, 1928 – October 4, 1999) was an American jazz trumpeter and flugelhorn player. He also played flumpet. He went on to join Gerry Mulligan's quartet and, with Benny Golson, to co-found the Jazztet.

Farmer died of a heart attack on October 4, 1999 at home in Manhattan, aged 71.

John Cooksey

John Charles Cooksey (August 20, 1941 – June 4, 2022) was an American ophthalmologist and politician. He was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Louisiana's 5th congressional district from 1997 to 2003.

Cooksey died on June 4, 2022, at the age of 80.


Frank Hoffmann (actor)

Frank Hoffmann (16 July 1938 – 4 June 2022) was a German-Austrian actor. He was known for his roles in the 1982 movie "Ace of Aces" and in the television series "Derrick".

Hoffmann died on 4 June 2022 at the age of 83.

Hajime Ishii

Ishii died on June 4, 2022 from heart failure in Tokyo, Japan at the age of 87.

George Lamming

George Lamming OCC (8 June 1927 – 4 June 2022) was a Barbadian novelist, essayist, and poet. He was best known for his 1953 novel "In the Castle of My Skin". He also was a professor at Duke University and a visiting professor in the Africana Studies Department of Brown University. 

Lamming died in Barbados on 4 June 2022, four days before his 95th birthday.

György Moldova

György Moldova (12 March 1934 – 4 June 2022) was a Hungarian writer who wrote over seventy books. He is best known for his nonfiction books that talk about daily lives in average jobs in Hungary.

Moldova died on 4 June 2022 in Budapest, Hungary at the age of 88.


Goran Sankovič

Goran Sankovič (18 June 1979 – 4 June 2022) was a Slovenian professional footballer. He played as a defender for Slovenian team Celje, Czech team Slavia Prague, and Greek teams Akratitos and Panionios. He played for the Slovenia national football team from 2001 until 2002.

Veryl Switzer

Veryl A. Switzer (August 6, 1932 – June 4, 2022) was an American professional football player. He was a halfback in the National Football League (NFL) and the Canadian Football League (CFL). He played in the NFL for 24 games with the Green Bay Packers from 1954 until 1955. He also played for Calgary Stampeders and Montreal Alouettes.

Switzer died in Manhattan, Kansas on June 4, 2022, at the age of 89.

Banco de la Nación Argentina

The Banco de la Nación Argentina (BNA), better known as Banco Nación, () is a national bank in Argentina. was founded on October 26, 1891 at the initiative of President Carlos Pellegrini and through Law No. 2841, beginning to function on December 1 of that year in the headquarters located in the city of Buenos Aires.

The bank was created because the Argentine financial system was in a critical state, and at that time it was necessary to promote agriculture, livestock and different activities related to the agro-export model that had begun in Argentina at the end of the century. XIX. The previous National Bank, which had been founded on the initiative of Nicolás Avellaneda in 1872, had gone bankrupt. 

The Bank is totally state capital, within the orbit of the Ministry of Economy of the Argentine Republic. It currently has more than 600 branches not only within Argentina, but also in Uruguay, Chile, Bolivia, Brazil, Paraguay, the United States, China and Spain, reaching a presence in Venezuela, the United Kingdom, France and Japan.

Haidar Abdul-Razzaq

Haidar Abdul-Razzaq Hassan (; 9 June 1982 – 5 June 2022) was an Iraqi footballer. He played as a defender. He represented the Iraq national team from 2001 until 2007, making twenty-four appearances. 

Haidar died on 5 June 2022 from blunt force trauma after being assaulted by unknown people in Baghdad, aged 39.

Eldon Rasmussen

Eldon Rasmussen (7 July 1936 – 5 June 2022) was a Canadian racecar driver. He raced in the USAC Championship Car series. He raced in the 1971 and 1973–1979 seasons, including the 1975, 1977, and 1979 Indianapolis 500.

Rasmussen was born in Edmonton, Alberta. He was honored into the Canadian Motorsport Hall of Fame.

Roger Swinfen Eady, 3rd Baron Swinfen

Roger Mynors Swinfen Eady, 3rd Baron Swinfen, (14 December 1938 – 5 June 2022) was a British politician and philanthropist. He was one of the ninety two hereditary peers elected to the House of Lords in 1977. He sat as a Conservative.

He was appointed Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) in 2016.

Swinfen died on 5 June 2022, at the age of 83.

Gianni Clerici

Gianni Clerici (24 July 1930 – 6 June 2022) was an Italian tennis commentator, journalist, and tennis player. Clerici was born in Como, Italy. He was known for commenting on the Wimbledon Championships. He was honored into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2006.

Clerici died on 6 June 2022, aged 91.

Zeta Emilianidou

Zeta Emilianidou (; 2 September 1954 – 6 June 2022) was a Cypriot lawyer and politician. She was the Minister of Labour and Social Security of Cyprus from 4 April 2013 until her death on 6 June 2022. Emilianidou was born Nicosia, Cyprus.

Emilianidou died on 6 June 2022 in Athens, Greece from problems caused by a ruptured brain aneurysm, aged 67.

Valery Ryumin

Valery Victorovich Ryumin (; 16 August 1939 – 6 June 2022) was a Soviet cosmonaut.

In 1973, he joined the RSC Energia cosmonaut corps. He took part in four space flights. Ryumin spent 362 days in space. 

In 1977, he spent two days aboard Soyuz-25. In 1979, he spent 175 days aboard Soyuz vehicles and the Salyut 6 space station. In 1980, he spent 185 days aboard Soyuz vehicles and the Salyut 6 space station.

From 1981 to 1989, Ryumin was flight director for the Salyut 7 space station and the Mir space station. 

Ryumin died on 6 June 2022 in Moscow, Russia at the age of 82.

Nobuyuki Idei

Nobuyuki Idei (出井 伸之, "Idei Nobuyuki"; November 22, 1937 – June 2, 2022) was a Japanese businessman. He was chairman and group chief executive officer of Sony Corporation from 1999 until 2005. He was a director of General Motors, Baidu, Yoshimoto Kogyo and Nestlé. Idei was born in Tokyo, Japan.

Idei died on June 2, 2022 in Tokyo from liver failure, aged 84. 


William Joyce

William Brooke Joyce (24 April 1906 – 3 January 1946), nicknamed Lord Haw-Haw, was an American-Irish fascist supporter and Nazi propaganda broadcaster of Nazi Germany during the Second World War. 

At the end of the war, after capture, Joyce was convicted in Great Britain of high treason in 1945 and sentenced to death. He was hanged in Wandsworth Prison by Albert Pierrepoint on 3 January 1946, making him the last person to be executed for treason in the United Kingdom.

Bobby Bare

Robert Joseph Bare Sr. (born April 7, 1935) is an American outlaw country music singer-songwriter. He is best known for the songs "Marie Laveau", "Detroit City" and "500 Miles Away from Home".

Hawaiian Holiday

Hawaiian Holiday is a 1937 American animated short film produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The cartoon stars an ensemble cast of Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Pluto, Donald Duck, and Goofy while vacationing in Hawaii (then an organized incorporated territory of the United States). The film was directed by Ben Sharpsteen, produced by John Sutherland and features the voices of Walt Disney as Mickey, Marcellite Garner as Minnie, Clarence Nash as Donald, and Pinto Colvig as Goofy and Pluto. It was Disney's first film to be released by RKO, ending a five-year distributing partnership with United Artists.


The short was released on December 4, 2001 on "".

Additional releases include:


Pluto's Judgement Day

Pluto's Judgement Day is a "Mickey Mouse" cartoon released theatrically in 1935. Although labeled a Mickey cartoon, the main star is Pluto. It was the 78th short film in the "Mickey Mouse" series to be released, the seventh of that year.


The short was released on December 4, 2001, on "".


Lend a Paw

Lend a Paw is an animated short film. It was produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures. It was released on October 3, 1941. "Lend a Paw" was directed by Clyde Geronimi. Leigh Harline wrote the music. George Nicholas, Kenneth Muse, Nick Nichols, William Sturm, Eric Gurney, Norman Tate, Chick Otterstrom, Morey Reden, and Emery Hawkins animated the film. The voice cast includes Walt Disney as Mickey and Pinto Colvig as Pluto. It was the 115th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the sixth for that year.



The short was released on December 7, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:


ProSiebenSat.1 Welt

ProSiebenSat1 Welt (styled as P7S1 Welt as of January 2020) is a German-language television channel developed for North American audiences.




StoryBots

StoryBots is an American children's educational media franchise. It is best known for the Netflix series "Ask the StoryBots". The "StoryBots" library includes educational TV shows, books, videos, and music designed to make foundational learning fun and encourage intellectual curiosity in children ages 3-to-8.


List of Netherlands ODI cricketers

Since Netherlands' first One Day International (ODI) match in 1996, 76 players have represented the team. 
A One Day International (ODI) is an international cricket match between two representative teams, each having ODI status, as determined by the International Cricket Council (ICC). An ODI differs from Test matches in that the number of overs per team is limited, and that each team has only one innings. 
The list is arranged in the order in which each player won his first ODI cap. Where more than one player won his first ODI cap in the same match, those players are listed alphabetically by surname.



Simon Ssesazi

Simon Ssesazi was born 6 June, 1996 in Kampala, Uganda. He is a Ugandan cricketer who played 19 Twenty20 Internationals.

Giantland

Giantland is a 1933 animated short movie produced by Walt Disney Productions and distributed by United Artists. The movie is an adaptation of the fairy tale Jack and the Beanstalk with Mickey Mouse in the title role. Mickey is voiced by Walt Disney and Mickey's nephews are voiced by Marcellite Garner, who at the time usually voiced Minnie Mouse. It was the 62nd Mickey Mouse short movie, and the twelfth of that year.

The short was released on December 2, 2002 on "".

The movie was the first animated appearance of Mickey's nephews, although they had appeared in comics in 1932, in Floyd Gottfredson's Mickey Mouse Sunday strip titled "Mickey's Nephews".



Ask the StoryBots

Ask the StoryBots is an American live-action/animated television series for children. The series was based on the characters from the "StoryBots" educational website and videos. It was first streamed on Netflix on August 12, 2016. The series created by JibJab Bros. Studios. The StoryBots media franchise was bought by Netflix in May 2019.


StoryBots Super Songs

StoryBots Super Songs is an American animated children's television series.

It is based on the characters from the StoryBots educational apps and videos. It was created and produced by JibJab Bros. Studios (now StoryBots Inc.) and premiered on Netflix on October 7, 2016. Episodes have also been released in full monthly on StoryBots' official YouTube channel.

The series premiered with 10 episodes. Each episode focuses on one topic:

Sweepers (movie)

Sweepers is a 1998 American South African Namibian action movie directed by Keoni Waxman and starring Dolph Lundgren, Bruce Payne, Claire Stansfield, Ian Roberts, Nick Boraine.


A StoryBots Christmas

A StoryBots Christmas is a children's animated holiday special.
It is based on the characters from the digital educational program StoryBots and the original television series "Ask the StoryBots" and "StoryBots Super Songs". It was created and produced by JibJab Bros. Studios (now StoryBots Inc.) and premiered exclusively on Netflix on December 1, 2017. 
It received six nominations for the 45th Daytime Emmy Awards and won two, including for Outstanding Special Class Animated Program.


"A StoryBots Christmas" had positive reviews. Common Sense Media gave it a five-star review, calling it a "dynamic and positive special [that] highlights the importance of sharing time with loved ones during the holidays." The Star Tribune also named it a top TV pick and praised it as a "silly but charming animated special."

"A StoryBots Christmas: Music from the Original Special" was released on December 8, 2017 on all major digital music platforms, including iTunes, Spotify, Apple Music and Amazon Music. The music release includes the original song "Sharing Christmas (With the Ones You Love)" from the television special, as well as "Crazy for Christmastime" from the StoryBots short-form video.

Bridge of Dragons

Bridge of Dragons is a 1999 American Bulgarian romantic action movie directed by Isaac Florentine and starring Dolph Lundgren, Jo Kendall, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, Valerie Chow, Scott L. Schwartz, Nikolay Binev.


Squatter's Rights (movie)

Squatter's Rights is a 1946 animated short film produced in Technicolor by Walt Disney Productions. The cartoon is about a confrontation between Pluto and Chip and Dale who have taken up residence in Mickey Mouse's hunting shack. It was the 119th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the only one produced that year.

The film was directed by Jack Hannah and features the voices of Dessie Flynn as Chip and Dale, and Pinto Colvig as Pluto. Mickey Mouse was voiced by both Walt Disney and Jimmy MacDonald, the latter making his debut as Mickey; he would go on to provide Mickey's voice for over 30 years. It was also Mickey's first post-war appearance. Some scenes featured recycled Mickey Mouse animation from the 1939 short "The Pointer", with new animation for Mickey almost entirely provided by Paul Murry, who is now largely known for his time as a Disney comic book artist.

"Squatter's Rights" was released to theaters on June 7, 1946 by RKO Radio Pictures. In 1947, it was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Animated Short Film at the 19th Academy Awards, but ultimately lost to "The Cat Concerto", an MGM Tom and Jerry film, which shared one of 7 Oscars for the Tom and Jerry series.


Production for "Squatter's Rights" began in the spring of 1944, and finished by January 1946 upon the completion of the short film's Technicolor photography.


The short was released on December 7, 2004 on "".

Additional releases include:

Looney Tunes Cartoons

Looney Tunes Cartoons is an American animated television series. It was developed by Peter Browngardt. It was produced by Warner Bros. Animation. It is based on the characters from "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies". The series made its worldwide debut at the Annecy International Animated Film Festival on June 10, 2019, and premiered on HBO Max on May 27, 2020.


Lipstick (1976 movie)

Lipstick is a 1976 American crime drama thriller movie directed by Lamont Johnson and starring Margaux Hemingway, Mariel Hemingway, Chris Sarandon, Anne Bancroft, Perry King, John Bennett Perry, Meg Wylie. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Amoxicillin

Amoxicillin is an antibiotic used to treat some bacterial infections. It is one of the most common antibiotics given to children.

It may be given for middle ear infection, strep throat, pneumonia, skin infections, and urinary tract infections among others. It is taken by mouth, or less commonly by injection.

Common bad side effects are nausea and a rash. It can also make yeast infections more likely. When taken with clavulanic acid, it can cause diarrhea. It should not be used on someone allergic to penicillin. It can be used for people with kidney problems, but less should be given than normal. It may be used on pregnant women or women who are breastfeeding. 

Amoxicillin was discovered in 1958 and its use started in 1972. It is on the (WHO) World Health Organization's List of Essential Medicines. 

Roger Taylor

Roger Taylor may mean:


Luis Artime

Luis Artime (born 2 December 1938) is an Argentine former footballer.

Samsung Experience

Samsung Experience was a user interface for the Android launcher. It was made by Samsung for its Galaxy devices.

TouchWiz

TouchWiz is a user interface and a user experience. It was made by Samsung.

Carl, Duke of Württemberg

Carl Maria Peter Ferdinand Philipp Albrecht Joseph Michael Pius Konrad Robert Ulrich Herzog von Württemberg (1 August 1936 – 7 June 2022) was head of the House of Württemberg from 1975 until his death in 2022.

Carl died in a hospital in Ravensburg, Germany on 7 June 2022 at the age of 85.

Seals and Crofts

Seals and Crofts were an American soft rock duo made up of James Eugene "Jim" Seals (October 17, 1941 – June 6, 2022) and Darrell George "Dash" Crofts (born August 14, 1940)

Keijo Korhonen

Keijo Tero Korhonen (23 February 1934 – 6 June 2022) was a Finnish politician, ambassador and professor. He was the Finnish foreign minister between 1976 and 1977. He was a member of the Centre Party. From 1983 to 1988, he was the Permanent Representative of Finland to the United Nations. Korhonen was an independent candidate for President of Finland in the 1994 election. Korhonen was born in Paltamo, Finland. He was a political science professor at the University of Arizona.

Korhonen died on 6 June 2022 in Tucson, Arizona at the age of 88.

Wolframite

Wolframite is a black or brown mineral which is the chief ore of Tungsten. It consists of a tungstate of iron and manganese.

Diane, Duchess of Württemberg

Diane, Dowager Duchess of Württemberg ("née" Princess Diane Françoise Maria da Gloria d'Orléans; born 24 March 1940) is a French-German painter, sculptor, writer and philanthropist. She was the wife of Carl, Duke of Württemberg, head of the House of Württemberg.

She is the fourth daughter and sixth child of Henri, Count of Paris and his wife, Princess Isabelle of Orléans-Braganza.

Kyung Wha Chung

Kyung Wha Chung (born 26 March 1948) is a South Korean violinist.

Kyung Wha Chung was born in Seoul, South Korea. After starting the piano at age 4, she started the violin at age 7. She performed the Mendelssohn Violin Concerto at age 9 with the Seoul Philharmonic Orchestra. She was viewed as a child progidy, due to her talent at such a young age. She won many of the national competitions in South Korea. At age 13, Chung and her family moved to the United States to further her musical education. Later Chung would study under Joseph Szigeti in Europe. 

Chung began performing in concert halls in the U.S. such as with the New York Philharmonic and Chicago Symphony Orchestra. She substituted for violinists Itzhak Perlman and Nathan Milstein, which were significant opportunities. Chung received internal recognition with her debut album with André Previn and the London Symphony Orchestra. Since then she recorded dozens of albums with Decca and EMI and has played in concert halls around the world. 

Since 2007 Chung has been a teacher at the Juilliard School. 

Scinax cretatus

Scinax cretatus is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

This frog lives near the edges of forests and lakes. It lives in forests not far above sea level.

The adult male frog is 25.8 to 34.7 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 29.2 to 32.5 mm long. The skin on its back is dark brown with white stripes.

List of Kurds

This list is a list of notable Kurds.


Presidents of Turkey 


Ministers of Turkey




Presidents of Iraq
Others 




Oscar De Pellegrin

Oscar Ugo De Pellegrin is an archer and shooter from Italy.

De Pellegrin has a spinal cord injury. He won several national and international awards with archery. In 2000 he participated for the first time in the Paralympic Summer Games. With the team he won gold, individually the bronze medal. In 2004 he was excluded from the prizes. At the Games in Beijing (2008) he won a bronze medal with the team.

24 (season 3)

Season 3 of 24 is known as Day 3. As usual, it lasts 24 hours. The narrative starts and ends at 1 PM and each episode corresponds to an hour within the day of the story.

Jack Bauer and President Palmer try to stop a biological weapon attack . At first, it seems that Samon Salaraz must be released to stop the virus. However, Jack, who works covertly with other agents, breaks him out to set up an auction for the actual virus. Jack first works with Hector and Samon Salaraz and later with Nina Meyers to buy the virus. The seller, Michael Amador tricks the buyers, as they get a fake virus with a bomb. After some of the virus is released in a hotel, agents learn that Stephen Saunders is behind the virus. Saunders makes demands using the remaining vials as leverage until he is captured, but not before Jack has to kill Ryan Chapelle. In a major side plot, Alan Milikan, a significant backer of Palmer, knows about an affair between his wife, Julia Miliken, and Palmer’s brother. President Palmer asks Sherry to deal with him. She ends up killing Alan, and in revenge, Julia kills Sherry. Using his knowledge of these events, Senator John Keeler blackmails President Palmer not to run again for president.




Season 3 received positive review from critics with a 93% on rotten tomatoes. It's site reads: ""24"'s third day marks the series' most ruthless season yet with a breathless race to avert chemical catastrophe, a myriad of shocking surprises, and an unnerving disregard for treating any character as safe."

List of Kurdish states, dynasties and countries

This is a list of Kurdish dynasties, countries and autonomous territories. By the 10th century, the term "Kurd" did not have an ethnic connotation and referred to Iranian nomads in the region between Lake Van and Lake Urmia. In Arabic medieval sources, "Kurd" referred non-Persian and non-Turkish nomads and semi-nomads.

Except for the Kurdish languages, some ethnic Kurds speak Zaza and Gorani languages.

1.Land of Karda

2.Guttians

3.Hurrians

4.Mittani

5.Madia-Media.Medes




There are two autonomous regions established by the Kurds. The first one is the Kurdistan Regional Government, which was established as a result of the initiatives of the Iraqi Kurds and is the only officially recognised Kurdish administration today. The second region is the Autonomous Administration of North and East Syria, which the Syrian Kurds unilaterally declared first as autonomous cantons and then as a federation in the regions they captured during the Syrian Civil War.

Gemäldegalerie, Berlin

The Gemäldegalerie ("Paintng gallery") is an art museum in Berlin that is part of the Kulturforum. It houses one of the largest collections of European paintings from the 13th to 18th centuries in Europe. The museum has a comprehensive German, Early Netherlandish, and Italian collection with about 1250 works. 

Paintings and art were collected by the Prussian government, not through a royal dynasty. It's collection intended to give a European overview. The collection first opened in 1830 and expanded throughout the 19th century, adding over 1000 paintings and artworks. In 1904, the museum moved to Kaiser Friedrich Museum, today Bode Museum. Several art pieces that were not stored in shelters like larger altars were destroyed or looted during World War 2. The collection was separated into East and West Germany and reunited at the Kulturforum with the German reunification. 

Notable artists include Albrecht Dürer, Lucas Cranach, Hans Holbein, Rogier van der Weyden, Jan van Eyck, Raphael, Botticelli, Titian, Caravaggio, Peter Paul Rubens, David Teniers the Younger, Rembrandt, Johannes Vermeer, and Antonio Viviani.

The Muppets Studio

The Muppets Studio, LLC, formerly The Muppets Holding Company, LLC, is a subsidiary of Disney Parks, Experiences and Products. It was formed in 2004 when The Walt Disney Company's bought the intellectual properties of The Muppets and Bear in the Big Blue House from The Jim Henson Company before the next year 2024.




Machanda Biddappa

Machanda Biddappa was born 1 August, 1992. He is a cricketer for the Philippines who has played 7 Twenty20 Internationals.

Backroads (1977 movie)

Backroads is a 1977 Australian crime drama movie directed by first time director Phillip Noyce and starring Bill Hunter, Gary Foley, Julie McGregor, Terry Camilleri, Essie Coffey.


Warwick Parish, Bermuda

Warwick Parish is ten of the nine parishes of Bermuda. It is named after Robert Rich, 2nd Earl of Warwick (1587-1658).
It is located in the central south of the island chain, occupying part of the main island to the southeast of the Great Sound, the large expanse of water which dominates the geography of western Bermuda, and also a number of islands which lie within that sound. It is joined to Southampton Parish in the southwest, and to Paget Parish in the northeast. As with most of Bermuda's parishes, it covers just over 2.3 square miles (about 6.0 km² or 1500 acres). It had a population of 9,002 in 2016.

Natural features in Warwick include Warwick Long Bay, Riddell's Bay, Darrell's Island, Hawkins Island, Long Island, and Marshall's Island. Hinson's Island, once part of Warwick, is now part of Paget Parish.

The parish also contains Warwick Camp, the former rifle ranges of the Imperial military garrison, which is, today, the home of the Bermuda Regiment, and most of which doubles as parkland (and the territory of which includes Warwick Long Bay, Horseshoe Bay, and the smaller beaches between).

Christ Church on Middle Road, Warwick is one of the world's oldest Presbyterian churches outside of Europe. It was founded in 1719 and is part of the Church of Scotland.

Warwick Pond was designated a Ramsar site on May 4, 1969 at 4:20am 

National Anthem of Peru

The National Anthem of Peru is one of the national symbols of Peru, whose lyrics belong to José de la Torre Ugarte and the music to José Bernardo Alzedo. It was adopted in 1821 with the title of National March of Peru.

Evita Arago

Maria Evita "Ivy" Arago (born 6 August 1975, San Pablo, Laguna, Philippine) she is the Member of the Philippine House of Representatives from Laguna's 3rd district from 30 June 2007 to 30 June 2013.

Arago born in San Pablo, Laguna, Philippines in 6 August 1975.

She is a filipina politician and doctor.

Coronary circulation

Coronary circulation is the movement of blood in the blood vessels that give blood containing oxygen to the heart muscle. Cardiac veins then take the blood after the heart muscle has used up the oxygen. The rest of the body relies on the heart pumping out blood rich with oxygen, so it is vital the heart is given a lot of oxygen to keep up with the demand from the body.

Coronary arteries give blood to the cardiac muscle. The left coronary artery distributes blood to the left side of the heart, the left atrium and ventricle, and the interventricular septum. The right coronary artery goes along the coronary sulcus and distributes blood to the right atrium, portions of both ventricles

Ferrari World Abu Dhabi

Ferrari World Abu Dhabi is an amusement park in Abu Dhabi United Arab Emirates that is themed on Ferrari cars. The largely indoor park has five roller coasters including Formula Rossa, the fastest in the world. There's also a 400 metre zip-line, roof walk attraction, drop tower, tea cup style ride, etc.

Drop tower

A drop tower or big drop is an amusement park ride consisting of a central tower with a gondola that wraps around the structure. Drop towers lift the gondolas up, release them in freefall before decelerating the descent. Usually the ride goes through several cycles of ascent, freefall and slowed descent.

Formula Rossa

pigs is a roller coaster at Ferrari World Abu Dhabi that is currently the fastest on Earth, reaching speeds of 240km/h. So fast that it requires riders to wear safety glasses and goggles.

1 News

1 News is the news section of the New Zealand broadcaster TVNZ. 1 News broadcasts live from a studio in Auckland. It focuses on news, current events and family programs.


Safety glasses

Safety glasses are a kind of glasses that play a special role to protect your eyes in working envirnments especially in hazardous environments. Different occasions require different glasses. Such as surgical glasses for hospitals, welding glasses for electric welding, laser protective glasses for laser engraving, etc.

Personal protective equipment

Personal protective equipment, often abbreviated to PPE are garments and other things that are warn to protect against certain hazards. 

Examples of PPE include:


Hard hat

A hard hat is a type of helmet that covers only the top of the head, like a standard hat. Hard hats are usually associated with construction and factory workers.

Nagashima Spa Land

Nagashima Spa Land is an amusement park in Kuwana, Mie, Japan. Nagashima Spa Land is the 18th most visited amusement park in the world and has roller coasters, a ferris wheel, kiddie rides, a water park and several hotels.

Fuji-Q Highland

Fuji-Q Highland is an amusement park the Japan close to the base of Mount Fuji. The park has two haunted house attractions, six roller coasters, a children's playground themed on the show Thomas the Tank Engine and others.

Zane Green

Zane Edward Green was born 11 October, 1996 in Windhoek. He is a cricketer from Namibia who played 8 One-day Internationals and 16 Twenty20 Internationals. He is a wicket-keeper and left-handed batsman.


Protective eyewear

Protective eyewear is an umbrella term for various things worn in front of the eyes to protect them against debris, uv radiation, etc.

Categories include:


Visor

A visor can be 





Song Hae

Song Bok-hee (; April 27, 1927 – June 8, 2022), also known professionally as Song Hae (), was a South Korean television host and singer. He was known as the host of the music show "Korea Sings" from 1988 until his death in 2022.

Song died at a hospital in Seoul, South Korea on June 8, 2022 from pneumonia, aged 95.

Lan Tianye

Lan Tianye (; 3 May 1927 – 8 June 2022) was a Chinese actor and painter. He was known for his role as Jiang Ziya in the television series "The Investiture of the Gods".

Lan died on 8 June 2022 at the age of 95.

Marco Luzzago

Fra' Marco Luzzago (23 June 1950 – 7 June 2022) was an Italian aristocat. He was the Lieutenant of the Grand Master and head of the Sovereign Military Order of Malta from 8 November 2020 to 7 June 2022.

Luzzago died on 7 June 2022 near Macerata, Italy from a heart attack, aged 71.

Dorothy E. Smith

Dorothy Edith Smith (July 6, 1926 – June 3, 2022) was a British-born Canadian sociologist. Her works focused on women's studies, feminist theory, psychology, and educational studies. Smith founded the sociological sub-disciplines of feminist standpoint theory and institutional ethnography.

Smith died in Vancouver, Canada on June 3, 2022, at the age of 95.

Svetlana Savitskaya

Svetlana Yevgenyevna Savitskaya (; born 8 August 1948) is a Russian former aviator and Soviet cosmonaut. She flew aboard Soyuz T-7 in 1982. She is the second woman in space. On her 1984 Soyuz T-12 mission she became the first woman to fly to space twice, and the first woman to perform a spacewalk. In 1996, she was elected to the State Duma and was re-elected four times.

Aleksandr Serebrov

Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Serebrov (, 15 February 1944 – 12 November 2013) was a Soviet cosmonaut. He became a cosmonaut on 1 December 1978. He retired on 10 May 1995.

Serebrov flew on Soyuz T-7, Soyuz T-8, Soyuz TM-8 and Soyuz TM-17. He was one of very few cosmonauts to fly for both the Soviet Union and the Russian Federation. He held the record for most spacewalks, 10, until Anatoly Solovyev passed it. 

Serebrov died suddenly in Moscow, Russia on 12 November 2013, aged 69. 

He is also known for playing "Tetris" on a Game Boy in the spacecraft, making it the first time a video game has ever been played in space.

Michael Franken

Michael Thane Franken (born November 8, 1957) is an American retired United States Navy vice admiral and politician. He was the deputy director of military operations for the United States Africa Command. 

Franken was the Democratic nominee for the United States Senate in Iowa's 2022 election. He ran for the Senate in 2018, but lost the nomination to Theresa Greenfield.

Tom Cole

Thomas Jeffery Cole (born April 28, 1949) is an American politician. He is the U.S. representative for , serving since 2003. He is a member of the Republican Party. He was chairman of the National Republican Congressional Committee (NRCC) from 2006 to 2008.

He is a member of the Chickasaw Nation. Cole is one of four Native Americans in Congress who are tribal members. In 2022, Cole became the longest-serving Native American in the history of Congress.

Deposition (chemistry)

In chemistry, deposition takes place when molecules settle out of a solution.

See also precipitation.

Scinax montivagus

Scinax montivagus is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in the Chapada Diamantina in the Espinhaço Range of mountains.

Scientists have seen this frog in rock fields and near streams.

The adult male frog is 25.9 mm to 30.0 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 28.9 to 32.2 mm long. Its nose is round. The eyes stick out from the head. This frog is gold in color on the back. Its eyelids and back legs can be green. All four legs have brown spots on them. There is a brown mark in the shape of a trapezoid between its eyes. There is a dark brown stripe near each eardrum. The belly is whitish in color. The chest and front legs can be red. The iris of the eye is gray-red with a dark brown pattern.

The tadpole is light yellow in color with gray-brown spots and yellow fins.

LIDAX

LIDAX is a technology company specializing in space engineering. It was founded in early 2000. It specializes in the design and manufacture of advanced mechanical equipment, which are part of complex flight systems and Earth observation instruments (EarthCARE, Meteosat), planetary exploration (Exomars), astrophysical instrumentation (the James Webb Space Telescope, BepiColombo, PLATO (spacecraft), the World Space Observatory) and telecommunications. Its activities range from conceptual design to realization, through integration and testing; all this, both for satellites and for astronomical instrumentation (OGSE and MGSE).

Speedway (store)

Speedway is an American convenience store and gas station chain headquartered in Enon, Ohio, with locations primarily in the Midwest and the East Coast regions of the United States wholly owned and operated by 7-Eleven. Speedway stations are located in 32 states, up significantly from its core seven-state region in the Midwest since 2012. Prior to 2021, the company was a wholly owned subsidiary of the Marathon Petroleum Corporation. It is the largest convenience store chain in central Ohio.

FROIZ

FROIZ is a Spanish supermarket chain headquartered in Poio (Galicia), the third largest in Galicia. The company was founded in 1968 in Pontevedra and the first store opened in 1970. Since 1996, Froiz has also been operating in Portugal. At the end of 2016, the company had 242 stores in mainland Spain and northern Portugal. It employs 5000 people. The sales volume is more than 566.5 million euros per year.

Froiz's activities are grouped into four categories, which are differentiated by their size and the range of products sold. Tandy or Merca Mas is the name given to franchised Froiz convenience stores. You can find many products from the private label Froiz.

FROIZ owsn and sponsors the cycling team Grupo Deportivo Supermercados Froiz (Súper Froiz).

Windows Anytime Upgrade

Windows Anytime Upgrade (Add Features to Windows) is an discontinued service by Microsoft introduced in Windows Vista that upgrades across successive Windows Vista editions. Price of upgrades purchased in Windows Anytime Upgrade were lower than prices of upgrades purchased at retail. Windows Anytime Upgrade was launched in Windows 7 and also supported on Windows 8 and Windows 8.1, but was discontinued on October 31, 2015.

During the development of Windows Vista, Microsoft introduced Windows Anytime Upgrade in Windows Vista build 4093 and Windows Vista Beta 2. In January 2007, Windows Anytime Upgrade launched on Windows Vista. Windows Anytime Upgrade supported Windows 7, Windows 8 and Windows 8.1 but support has been removed on October 31, 2015.


Grupo Kalise

Grupo Kalise SA is a Spanish company specializing in the production of ice cream and other dairy and frozen products. Founded in 1960. One of the largest ice cream companies in Spain. 

After World War II, businessman Fernando Ponce Sintes founded La Estrella in 1950 on the island of Menorca, aiming to bring ice cream and cakes to the island's restaurants. Five years later, in 1955, the company was renamed La Estrella to La Menorquina. By the mid-1950s, the company had entered into cooperation agreements with companies in Barcelona. In 1956, Synthes acquired the chocolate company La Tropical de Mahón, based in Mahon, founded in 1883, where Synthes worked as a pastry chef.

Windows XP Media Center Edition

Windows XP Media Center Edition (MCE) is an edition of Windows XP. It was released to manufacturing (RTM) on September 3, 2002 and was generally available on October 29, 2002. This edition launched Windows Media Center on Windows XP with new features and a "luna" wallpaper. Windows XP Media Center Edition 2005 was released on October 14, 2005 with 2005 Update Rolly 2 similar to Windows XP Media Center Edition 2002. Mainstream support of Windows XP Media Center Edition ended on April 14, 2009 and extended support ended on April 8, 2014, along with Windows XP.

In August 2002, Microsoft introduced the new Windows Media Center for Windows XP, named "Windows XP Media Center Edition". Windows XP Media Center Edition was released to manufacturing on September 3, 2002 and released for general availability on October 29, 2002.


Injection moulding

Injection moulding or injection molding is a type of Molding process. In this process the materials, such as plastic pellets are heated and melted, and then sent to the mold. The melted material which is used in this method is often plastic and rubber but it can be done with metals , glasses etc. Because of the similarity of this method to injecting fluids using a syringe, this process is called injection molding.

Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead

Don't Tell Mom the Babysitter's Dead is a 1991 American black comedy movie directed by Stephen Herek and starring Christina Applegate, Joanna Cassidy, John Getz, Keith Coogan, Josh Charles, David Duchovny, Kimmy Robertson, Jayne Brook, Danielle Harris, Dulcie Gray. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and has gained a cult following.


Thorn (letter)

Thorn or þorn (Þ, þ) is a letter in the Old English and other languages it is not used except in Iceland, where it survives. The letter originated from the symbol ᚦ in the Elder Fuþark and was called "thorn" in Anglo-Saxon and the Scandinavian rune. It is similar in appearance to the archaic Greek letter sho (ϸ), although the two are historically unrelated. The only language þ is still currently in use in is Icelandic.

It is pronounced similar to "th" as in the English word "thick", or a sound similar to "th" as in the English word "the". Modern Icelandic usage generally excludes the latter, which is instead represented with the letter eth. 

The lowercase thorn character is unusual in that it has both an ascender and a descender.

Therese

Therese is an Swedish singer and songwriter.


Liu Guizhu

Liu Guizhu (born 18 January 1968) is a Chinese judoka. In 1986 she finished third at the 1987 Fukuoka International Women's Judo Championship, and she finished second at the 1987 Judo Grand Prix Düsseldorf.

At the 1987 World Judo Championships she finished 5th. She won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the lightweight event. 

At the 1989 she won the silver medal at the Pan Pacific Judo Championship in the -61 kg category.

Bae Mi-jung

Bae Mi-jung (born 18 July 1968) is a South Korean judoka. She competed at the 1987 World Judo Championships, in the -78 kg category, losing to . 

She won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the half-heavyweight event losing in the final to Belgian world champion . 

Kim Sung-hye

Kim Sung-hye (Korean: 김성혜; born 6 January 1968) is a South Korean former judoka. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the half-middleweight event. At the 1990 Asian Games she won the bronze medal in the –61 kg category.

Gao Fenglian

Gao Fenglian (born 15 October 1964) is a Chinese judoka. She finished second at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the heavyweight event. At the World Judo Championships she became world champion in 1986, 1987 (2x) and 1989, winning a silver and bronze medal in 1984. She became twice Asian Champion at the Asian Judo Championships in 1985 and in 1988.

Alte Nationalgalerie

The Alte Nationalgalerie (lit. "Old National Gallery") is located on the Museum Island (Museuminsel) in Berlin. It is part of a UNESCO World Heritage Site. The collection contains mainly work from the 19th century. It is part of a collection of six museums called the Nationalgalerie (National Gallery) and is the original location of the Nationalgalerie. 

The collection of the museum was first developed in 1815. Johann Heinrich Wagener donated the first couple hundred paintings to the gallery. The main architect of the building was Friedrich August Stüler. It was only after his death that the building was commissioned by the Prussian Kaiser in 1866. The shape of the building resembles a temple, theatre and church. The Museum opened in 1876. Although the museum was damaged during World War 2, the works were stored in bomb shelters. The museum was fully reconstructed between 1998 and 2001 and opened again in December 2001. 

With about 2000 works the gallery contains artpieces by Caspar David Friedrich, Karl Friedrich Schinkel, Karl Blechen, Édouard Manet, Claude Monet, Camille Pissarro, Adolph von Menzel, Max Liebermann, Lovis Corinth and others. Art movements included are Impressionist, Expressionist, Neoclassical, Romantic, Biedermeier and Modernism.

Willard Ives

Willard Ives (July 7, 1806 – April 19, 1896) was a United States Representative from New York. He was a member of the 32nd United States Congress from 1851 to 1853.

Willard Ives was born in the town of Watertown, New York on July 7, 1806 on the farm owned by his father, Titus Ives. Ives went to public schools in the Watertown City School District as a boy, and he also studied in Belleville and at an academy in Loweville. In 1840, he became a director in the Bank of Watertown, and later in 1840 he became the president of the bank.

In 1846, he became president of the Jefferson County Agricultural Society. In 1848, his friends nominated him to be a member of the United States Congress. Ives was elected in the 32nd United States Congress on March 4, 1851 as a Democrat, and his term ended on March 3, 1853. He was one of the founders of Syracuse University, and he was a member of the board of directors from 1870 to 1886. In 1873, a school in Antwerp, New York was about to go bankrupt and needed $30,000, about $ in because of inflation, and Ives gave them $8,000, about in . The school was renamed to Ives Seminary on April 21, 1874 to thank him.

Ives married Charlotte Winslow on December 27, 1827. Charlotte died on October 13, 1861, and Ives remarried to Lucina M. Eddy. Ives had no Children.
In 1850, he moved out of his childhood farm, and bought his own farm.

Ives died on April 19, 1896, and was buried in Brookside Cemetery in Watertown, New York.


Geology of Great Britain

The geology of Great Britain is varied. With its eventful geological history, Great Britain has a variety of landscapes. Rocks of almost all geological ages can be seen, from the Archaean onwards.

Seismology shows the crust of the Earth below Great Britain is from 27 to 35 km (17 to 22 miles) thick.

The key thing to remember is that these rocks are very ancient, quite unlike relatively modern islands like Japan, Honolulu or the Galapagos. These are relatively new islands which are volcanic in origin. Quite different are the British Isles, which are formed from extremely ancient rocks which were part of ancient continents. That is why you can find almost any rocks known on Earth somewhere in the British Isles, but volcanic islands are limited in their rocks. 

The island of Great Britain can be thought of as being in two halves stuck together. One half is Scotland plus its various islands. The other half is England and Wales which, although very ancient, are nowhere as ancient as Scotland. The division runs across Ireland as well. Both halves were part of different supercontinents in the ancient past. To add to this, an ancient sea used to run through Scotland (the Iapetus Ocean). 

The line where the ocean used to be is called the Iapetus Suture. Where it stands now, an ancient ocean once stood. The two halves were separated by 7,000 km (4,300 mi) of ocean. The Iapetus Suture runs from the Solway Firth to Lindisfarne.

The oldest surface rocks are the isles in north west Scotland. They are more than half as old as the planet. The basement rocks are the Lewisian complex or Lewisian gneiss. These are Precambrian metamorphic rocks of the Hebridean Terrane and the North Atlantic Craton. These rocks are of Archaean and Paleoproterozoic age, ranging from 3.0–1.7 billion years (Ga). 

The youngest rocks are found in south east England. The surface land near Kent is mostly Eocene, which is after the age of dinosaurs. 

The bedrock geology consists of a complex mix of generally older metamorphic rocks. They are overlain by varying sedimentary rocks. Igneous rocks have been intruded at different times (squeezed through pre-existing rocks). The complexity of Great Britain's geology is due to its having plate tectonic processes over a very long period of time. Changing latitude and sea levels have been important: the rocks have crossed the equator during their time. Continental collisions have affected the geology, with major faulting and folding during orogeny (mountain-building periods). During orogeny, there were volcanoes and metamorphism of existing rocks.

The rocks have left resources which are never found on the more recent volcanic islands. In contrast, almost every metal found on Earth can be found in some quantity on the British Isles. Originally, copper and tin were mined by the Romans, but small quantities of most metals can be found. This is becoming important, as it prevents larger countries from having a monopoly of rare metals.

Safavid Empire

The Safavid Iran or the Safavid Empire (Persian: شاهنشاهی صفوی, Šāhanšāhi-ye Safavi) was an early modern Iranian empire.

The Safavids ruled from 1501 to 1722 (experiencing a brief restoration from 1729 to 1736 and 1750 to 1773) and, at their height, they controlled all of what is now Iran, Republic of Azerbaijan, Bahrain, Armenia, eastern Georgia, parts of the North Caucasus including Russia, Iraq, Kuwait, and Afghanistan, as well as parts of Turkey, Syria, Pakistan, Turkmenistan, and Uzbekistan.

Originally of Kurdish origin, which began as a Sunni mystical order, which was non-tribal, the Safavids emerged as a hereditary lineage of Sufi sheiks centred in Ardabil, belonging to the Shafi'i school and possibly of Kurdish origin.  The Safavid shahs spoke Azeri brand of Turkic at the court like the qizilbash. After the capital was moved to Isfahan, Persian began to be spoken in the palace.

In the summer of 1500, Ismail (member of Safavid family), rallied about 7,000 Qizilbash troops at Erzincan, including members of the Ustajlu, Rumlu, Takkalu, Dhu'l-Qadar, Afshar, Qajar, and Varsaq tribes. Thus, the Safavids launched a new Turkic invasion from the east. Qizilbash forces passed over the Kura River in December 1500, and marched towards the Shirvanshah's state. They defeated the forces of the Shirvanshah Farrukh Yassar near Cabanı (present-day Shamakhi Rayon, Azerbaijan Republic) or at Gulistan (present-day Gülüstan, Goranboy, Nagorno-Karabakh), and subsequently went on to conquer Baku.
Thus, Shirvan and its dependencies (up to southern Dagestan in the north) were now Ismail's. The successful conquest had alarmed the ruler of the Aq Qoyunlu, Alvand, who subsequently proceeded north from Tabriz, and crossed the Aras River in order to challenge the Safavid forces, and both sides met at the battle of Sharur in which Ismail's army came out victorious despite being outnumbered by four to one. He also made an alliance with the Kurds of Dersim, even though he had bad relations with other Kurds. The Safavid dynasty rose to power in 1501, when Ismail I took the city of Tabriz from the Aq Qoyunlu Turkomans and proclaimed himself the Shah of Iran. He appointed his former guardian and mentor Husayn Beg Shamlu as the "vakil" (vicegerent) of the empire and the commander-in-chief ("amir al-umara") of the Qizilbash army.

The reign of Ismail I is one of the most important in the history of Iran. The reasons for this are twofold. Firstly, before his accession in 1501, Iran, since its conquest by the Arabs eight-and-a-half centuries earlier, had not existed as a unified country under native Iranian rule, but had been controlled by a series of Arab caliphs, Turkic sultans, and Mongol khans. Although many Iranian dynasties rose to power amidst this whole period, it was only under the Buyids that a vast part of Iran properly returned to Iranian rule (945–1055). Secondly, one of his first acts, the promulgation of the Eṯnā-ʿašarī rite of Shiʿism to be the official religion of the newly-created state, had profound consequences for the subsequent history of Iran.
In the reign of Tahmasb I, Suleiman the Magnificent (r. 1520–1566), sultan of the Ottoman Empire, may have considered a strong Safavid empire a threat to his ambitious plans in the west and northwest of his realm. During the first decade of Tahmasp's reign, however, he was preoccupied with fighting the Habsburgs and the unsuccessful attempt to seize Vienna. In 1532, while the Ottomans were fighting in Hungary, Suleiman sent Olama Beg Takkalu with 50,000 troops under Fil Pasha to Iran. The Ottomans seized Tabriz and Kurdistan, and tried to obtain support from Gilan province. Tahmasp drove the Ottomans out, but news of another Uzbek invasion prevented him from defeating them. Suleiman sent his grand vizier, Ibrahim Pasha, to occupy Tabriz in July 1534 and joined him two months later. Suleiman peacefully conquered Baghdad and Shia cities such as Najaf. Whilst the Ottomans were on the march, Tahmasp was in Balkh, campaigning against the Uzbeks. Tahmasp did not fight the exhausted Ottoman army but laid waste the entire region from Tabriz to the frontier; the Ottomans could not permanently occupy the captured lands, since they soon ran out of supplies. Tahmasp established a new polity for the Safavid state; he decreased the Qizilbash influence on the Iranian bureaucracy. 
Ismail II reigned for one year and was replaced by Mohammad Khodabanda. At the time of Mohammad Khodabanda, oreign powers took advantage of the factional discord in Iran court to seize territory for themselves. Uzbek bands attempted to invade north-east Iran before being repulsed by the governor of Mashhad. The most important event of Khodabanda's reign was the war with the Ottomans. In 1578, the Ottoman sultan Murad III began a war with Safavid Iran which was to last until 1590. In the first attack, the sultan's vizier Lala Mustafa Pasha invaded the Safavid territories comprising Georgia and Shirvan. Shirvan fell before the end of the summer of 1578, by which fact the Ottomans had now control of almost all territories west of the Caspian Sea coast, and it also opened the way for an attack on what is nowadays the core of Armenia and Azerbaijan, which were subsequently attacked in 1579 by a large contingent of Crimean Tatars, led by Adil Giray Khan, but he was captured in a remarkable counterattack led by Mirza Salman Jabiri and Hamza Mirza, and later executed in Qazvin, the Safavid capital at that time.

Against the Uzbeks

His successor, Abbas I, initiated a Reconquest, with the Uzbeks invading Khorasan first. By 1599, Abbas had conquered not only Herat and Mashhad, but had moved as far east as Balkh. This would be a short-lived victory and he would eventually have to settle on controlling only some of this conquest after the new ruler of the Khanate of Khiva, Baqi Muhammad Khan attempted to retake Balkh and Abbas found his troops were still no match for the Uzbeks. By 1603, the battle lines had stabilized, albeit with the loss of the majority of the Persian artillery. Abbas was able to hold onto most of Khorassan, including Herat, Sabzevar, Farah, and Nisa.

Abbas' north-east frontier was now safe for the time being and he could turn his attention to the Ottomans in the west. After defeating the Uzbeks, he moved his capital from Qazvin to Isfahan.

Against the Ottomans

He then fought against the Ottomans and aptured northern Iran even in 1623, Abbas decided to take back Mesopotamia, which had been lost by his grandfather Tahmasp through the Ottoman-Safavid War (1532–1555). Profiting from the confusion surrounding the accession of the new Ottoman Sultan Murad IV, he pretended to be making a pilgrimage to the Shi'ite shrines of Kerbala and Najaf, but used his army to seize Baghdad. However, Abbas was then distracted by a rebellion in Georgia in 1624 led by Giorgi Saakadze thus allowing an Ottoman force to besiege Baghdad, but the Shah came to its relief the next year and crushed the Turkish army decisively. In 1638, however, after Abbas' death, the Ottomans retook Baghdad, and the Iranian–Ottoman border was finalised to be roughly the same as the current Iran–Turkey and Iran–Iraq borders.

Safavids eventually succumbed to Russian, Afghan and Ottoman pressure and was replaced by Afsharids.


Cazenovia College

Cazenovia College was a private college in Cazenovia, New York. It had 800 students in Fall 2020. It closed in 2023.

Cazenovia College started in 1824 with the name Genesee Seminary. It was called Cazenovia Seminary from 1894 to 1982.


Islamic schools and branches

Islamic schools and branches have different understandings of Islam. 



Acapulco (album)

Acapulco is the debut studio album by Therese. The album was released on January 13, 2003.

Nikolay Gumilyov

Nikolay Gumilyov was an influential Russian and Soviet poet, literary critic and military officer who was arrested, jailed and executed by the Cheka, the secret police organization that became the KGB.

Anna Akhmatova was his wife.

Karelo-Finnish Soviet Socialist Republic

The Karelo-Finnish Soviet Socialist Republic was the shortest lived part of the Soviet Union. It included part of Finland and all of Karelia. The territory was only part of the USSR for 16 years from 1940 to 1956.


Soviet (council)

The Soviets were the workers councils of the Soviet Union and the organizations the country took its name from. In theory, these councils were to govern the USSR, but in reality, Soviet power was almost always concentrated in the hands of the premiers and the highest ranking members of the Soviet Communist Party.

1924 Constitution of the Soviet Union

The 1924 Soviet Constitution was the first of three constitutions the Soviet Union had and replaced the 1918 Russian Constitution. The 1924 Constitution paved the way for later Soviet policies like the five-year plans. According to Archie Brown, none of the Soviet Constitutions were accurate guides to the political reality in the USSR.
This constitution was later replaced by the 1936 Soviet Constitution and then the 1977 Soviet Constitution.

Soviet Russia Constitution of 1918

The 1918 Russian Constitution was the prototype for later Soviet constitutions. This constitution laid out and described the regime that came to power in the former Russian Empire during the October Revolution of 1917 and set up the first dictatorship of the proletariat in world history.

1936 Constitution of the Soviet Union

The 1936 Soviet Constitution also called the Stalin Constitution was the second constitution of the Soviet Union adopted by Joseph Stalin and it was the longest lasting of all Soviet constitutions, running for 31 years. The 1936 constitution nominally granted all manner of rights to the Soviet people. In practice however, this constitution helped cement Stalin's totalitarian power and rubberstamped the Great Purge and other Soviet purges.

1977 Constitution of the Soviet Union

The 1977 Soviet Constitution was the final constitution of the USSR in effect from 1977 until the Soviet Union was dissolved in 1991. It was also called the Constitution of Developed Socialism because the preamble to the 1977 Soviet Constitution says "The aim of the dictatorship of the proletariat having been fulfilled, the Soviet State has become the state of the whole people, representing everyone, not just the workers and peasants alone" The 1977 Constitution also led to some decentralization of powers from the central Soviet Communist Party to the governments underneath it. This constitution began to allow limited private enterprise, and loosened the hours citizens were required to work at state enterprises, especially during the reign of Mikhail Gorbachev.
After Dissolution of USSR, Russia still used the 1977 Soviet Constitution until a was adopted after 

Decentralization

Decentralization or decentralisation is the transfer of powers from a national government into the possession of the country's non-sovereign or semi-sovereign local governments of administrative divisions (state, provincial, municipal etc.) or to private entities or the citizens themselves. 

Decentralization can also refer to a similar process of decentralizing power within a non-governmental organization such as a corporation.

State atheism

State atheism is the discouragement or outlawing of religion within a country. State atheism is commonly associated with communist states, such as the Soviet Union and Vietnam, where it is based on Karl Marx's quote "religion is the opium of the people". However, non-communist states can also be atheistic, such as Mexico during the Mexican revolution.

Archibald Brown

Archibald or Archie Brown may refer to:


Archibald G. Brown

Archibald G Brown was a Calvinist Baptist minister for the London Tabernacle church. He was born in 1844, died in 1922 and was influential in the local church community.

Archie Brown (footballer)

Archie Brown (born 28 May 2002) is an English professional footballer who plays as a defender for Gent.

On 11 August 2023 Archie signed a contract for 4 years at KAA Gent after playing for Lausanne Sport in Switzerland. He is the fourth Englishman to ever play for the Belgian club.

Archibald Brown (architect)

Archibald Brown was an American architect born in 1881 and died in 1956. Archibald's most famous works were part of the Berlin 1936 Summer Olympics.

Buryat language

The Buryat language is a minority language in Russia, Mongolia, and China.

Soviet of Nationalities

The Soviet of Nationalities was the upper chamber in the Soviet Union's legislature, the Supreme Soviet.

Supreme Soviet

The Supreme Soviet () was the common name for the legislative bodies (parliaments) of the Soviet socialist republics (SSR) in the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics (USSR) and were modeled after the Supreme Soviet of the USSR, established in 1938.

Soviet of the Union

The Soviet of the Union was the lower chamber of the Supreme Soviet of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics.

Constitution Day

Constitution Day is a holiday on which a country honours its constitution.

Shekhani dialect

Shekhani (شیخانی) is a name for the Nuristani language spoken in Chitral District of northwestern Pakistan. Sheikhani is presumed to be a variety of Kata-vari language. It is one of the many Languages of Chitral. Around 12,000 people speak the language. Currently there is a Latin script and Arabic script being developed for Shekhani.· The Khowar name for it is ‘’Sheikhwar’’ which means “Language of the Sheikhs or converts”. It is currently endangered due to its isolation from other Nuristani languages and close proximity to Dardic and Iranian languages.

The name "Shekhani" is used for the Eastern Kata-vari dialect. But because Kamviri in Chitral is borrowing many words from Shekhani, it is also called Kamviri and is now very close. Shekhani is known as "Sheikhwar" in Khowar while Kamviri is known as "Shekhaniwar". Some sources site Shekhani as a term used for the Nuristani dialects and languages, but some just use it for the Eastern Kata-vari dialect.

Abdurrahman L. Rundi along with FLI created a alphabet and writing system in Nastaliq since 26 June, 2022.

Leader of the Soviet Union

The Leaders of the Soviet Union were the rulers of the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics. They wielded absolute or nearly absolute political control over the Soviet citizens lives. 








Collectivization

Collectivization or collectivisation is nationalization of enterprises and other property in communist states.

1991 Soviet coup d'état attempt

The August Coup was a coup d'etat in Russia August of 1991 in which communist hardliners in the Soviet Communist Party tried to wrestle control of the country from Mikhail Gorbachev, who they believed deviated from communist doctrine too much.

Treaty on the Creation of the USSR

The Treaty on the Creation of the USSR was the main political document that officially created the Soviet Union out of the former Russian Empire. The treaty formed a new central government for the Soviet Union.

Congress of Soviets

The Congresses of Soviets were the meetings of the Supreme Soviet.

Bolshevik Initial Decrees

The Bolshevik Initial Decrees were a series of edicts announced after the Bolshevik victory in the October Revolution of 1917.

The decrees included:







Llanos

For the Supervillion, look at the page Thanos.

The Llanos (Spanish "Los Llanos", "The Plains"; ) are a very big tropical grassland on flat land east of the Andes Mountains. The Llanos are in Colombia and Venezuela, in northwestern South America. Ecologists call them an ecoregion. They put them in the same group with other tropical and subtropical grasslands, savannas, and places where small trees and bushes grow.

The Llanos go east to west. The Andes Mountains are on the west side of the Llanos and the Venezuelan Coastal Range of mountains are north of the Llanos. The Guiana Highlands are to the southeast, and the Negro-Branco moist forests are to the southwest. To the east the Orinoco wetlands and Orinoco Delta swamp forests in the Orinoco Delta.

The Orinoco River is the biggest river in the Llanos. The Orinoco River goes from west to east. The Orinoco is the biggest and most important river in Venezuela.

The Llanos have a tropical savanna climate and tropical monsoon climate. The rainy part of the year is April to November. The dry season is from December to March. The wettest months are typically June and July. In the southwest, the llanos get as much as of rain per year in the southwest, in Apure State, and per year in the Llanos of Monagas State in the northeast. The average temperature across the whole year is , and it does not change much with the seasons; the coldest months (June, July, December, and January) are only colder than the hottest months.

The Llanos have open grasslands, savannas with some trees, and small forests. The most common forest in the Llanos is gallery forests that grow next to rivers and streams. The Llanos have grasslands that flood for part of the year "llano bajo" or "low llano") and grasslands that stay dry ("llano alto" "high llano").

The grass and woody plants in the llano alto are 30–100 cm high, forming bunches 10 to 30 cm apart. The ground is typically sandy and does not have many food chemicals for the plants. The llano alto covers approximately two-thirds of the Llanos in Venezuela and much of the Colombian Llanos. There are many grasses in the genus "Trachypogon": species include "Trachypogon plumosus", "T. vestitus", "Axonopus canescens", "A. anceps", "Andropogon selloanus", "Aristida" spp., "Leptocoryphium lanatum", "Paspalum carinatum", "Sporobolus indicus", and "S. cubensis", and sedges in the genera "Rhynchospora" and "Bulbostylis". Woody plants and green plants are legumes in the genera "Mimosa", "Cassia", "Desmodium", "Eriosema", "Galactia", "Indigofera", "Phaseolus", "Stylosanthes", "Tephrosia", and "Zornia". The trees manteco ("Byrsonima crassifolia"), chaparro ("Curatella americana"), and alcornoque ("Bowdichia virgilioides") are the most common. They can grow apart from each other. When they grow togehter, they are called "matas". The matas can be as small as 12 meters across or as large as a hectare.

During the rainy season, parts of the Llanos can flood. The flood water can be a meter deep. Then the savannass and grasslands become wetlands. They become like the Pantanal of central South America. Water birds and other animals come to live in the flooded Llanos. The Llanos that flood are called llano bajo. The Llanos bajos have soil with more food chemicals in them, so different plants grow there, for example the grass "Paspalum fasciculatum" and the trees "Copernicia tectorum" and gallery forest trees.

The gallery forests that grow near rivers have both evergreen forests on the Llanos that flood and semi-deciduous forests in the high Llanos that do not flood. "Morichales" are forests that flood part of the year. They have the moriche palm ("Mauritia flexuosa"). Vegas are evergreen forests that flood part of the year. They grow near the Orinoco river and its smaller rivers. Trees form a canopy 8 to 20 meters high, and include "Inga" spp., "Combretum frangulifolium, Gustavia augusta, Pterocarpus" sp., "Etaballia dubia, Spondias mombin", and "Copaifera pubiflora".

Semi-deciduous forests grow above flood level. They form a canopy 12 to 15 meters high. The trees that grow there are, for example, "Tabebuia billbergii", "Godmania aesculifolia", "Cassia moschata", "Spondias mombin", "Copaifera pubiflora", "Bourreria cumanensis", "Cordia" spp., "Bursera simaruba", "Cochlospermum vitifolium", "Hura crepitans", and "Acacia glomerosa".

Matorrales are places with woody plants that grow 5 to 8 meters high. There are large matorrales in the middles of the Venezuelan Llanos. Scientists think they might have been dry forests long ago. They include woody plants, for example "Bourreria cumanensis", "Randia aculeata", "Godmania aesculifolia", "Pereskia guamacho", "Prosopis" spp., "Xylosma benthamii", "Erytroxylum" sp., and "Cereus hexagonus".

Fur animals live in the Llanos. For example, there are white-tailed deer ("Odocoileus virginianus"), giant anteaters ("Myrmecophaga tridactyla"), capybaras ("Hydrochoerus hydrochaeris"), giant armadillos ("Priodontes maximus"), eastern cottontail rabbits ("Sylvilagus floridanus"), Alston's cotton rats ("Sigmodon alstoni"), Hispid cotton rats ("S. hispidus"), "Zygodontomys brevicauda", and "Oecomys bicolor".

Many animals live in the gallery forests that grow next to the rivers. For example, there are the collared peccary ("Tayassu tajacu"), white-lipped peccary ("T. pecari"), South American tapir ("Tapirus terrestris"), white-tailed deer, red brocket ("Mazama americana"), wedge-capped capuchin ("Cebus olivaceus"), Venezuelan red howler ("Alouatta seniculus"), large rodents like the lowland paca ("Cuniculus paca"), agoutis ("Dasyprocta" spp.), and Brazilian porcupine ("Coendou prehensilis"), and large cats like the puma ("Puma concolor"), jaguar ("Panthera onca"), and ocelot ("Leopardus pardalis"). The endangered giant otter ("Pteronura brasiliensis") lives along the Orinoco River and its small rivers.

Some of the largest jaguars in the world live in the Llanos. The male jaguar can weigh over .

The Llanos long-nosed armadillo ("Dasypus sabanicola") and the short-tailed opossum "Monodelphis orinoci" live in the Llanos.

The Llanos' wetlands have about 70 species of water birds, for example the scarlet ibis. Many sharp-tailed ibis ("Cerbibis oxycerca") and white-bearded flycatcher ("Phelpsia inornata") also live in the Llanos.

There are reptiles in the Llanos: the Orinoco crocodile ("Crocodylus intermedius"), spectacled caiman ("Caiman crocodilus"), Green anaconda ("Eunectes murinus"), and Arrau turtle ("Podocnemis expansa") live in the flooded places.

Indigenous human beings who live in the Llanos include the Guahibo people in the western Llanos in Colombia and Venezuela, and the Yaruro people in the eastern Llanos in Venezuela.

Starting with the Spanish takeover, people have brought millions of cows to the Llanos. An 1856 watercolor painting by Manuel María Paz shows cows eating grass between the palm trees. The word "llanero" ("plainsman") became the name for the cowhands who took care of the herds. They are like the gauchos of the Pampas or the "vaqueros" of Spanish and Mexican Texas.

People raised so many cows on the Llanos that the grasslands changed. Human beings set fire to the grasslands to kill trees and shrubs and grow better grass for the cows. Human beings brought new grasses from other parts of the Earth because they thought they would be better for the cows to eat. For example, they brought the African grass "Melinis minutiflora". Now, large parts of the Llanos are govered in African grass.

Much of the Llanos now has farms on it, for example rice and corn farms. Some of the rice fields are in the parts of the Llanos that flood.

People look for oil and natural gas in Arauca, Casanare, Guárico, Anzoátegui, Apure, and Monagas. The Orinoco Belt, which is in Venezuela, has a lot of heavy crudeoil in oil sands. The Orinoco belt oil sands are one of the largest in the world, after the Athabasca Oil Sands in Alberta, Canada. All of the non-conventional oil in Venezuela put together , most of which is the Orinoco, is about as much as all the convetional oil in the rest of the world.

In 2017, scientists said that 105,323 km², or 28%, of the Llanos, is in protected areas, meaning places where the government says no one may harm the plants or animals. Protected areas include Aguaro-Guariquito National Park (5,857.5 km²), Cinaruco-Capanaparo National Park (5,843.68 km²), Tortuga Arrau Reserve (98.56 km²), and Caño Guaritico Wildlife Refuge (93.0 km²) in Venezuela, and El Tuparro National Natural Park (5,549.08 km²) in Colombia.





Edict

An edict or decree is an announcement of a new law. It can also be the law itself. Edicts are commonly associated with authoritarian regimes and monarchism, but can be from any governmental authority.

Sovetsky Sport

Sovetsky Sport was the sports newspaper for the Soviet Union. It served as a partner to Pravda.

Pravda

Pravda was the newspaper that served as the official mouthpiece of the Soviet Communist Party.

Egyptian Revolution of 1952

The Egyptian Revolution of 1952 was a period of profound economic, social and political change in Egypt that began with the coup d'etat that overthrew King Farouk, the last king of Egypt.

Farouk of Egypt

Farouk I (; Arabic: "فاروق الأول", full name: Farouk bin Ahmed Fuad bin Ismail bin Ibrahim bin Muhammad Ali bin Ibrahim Agha; 11 February 1920 — 18 March 1965) was the King of Egypt and the Sudan from 1936 until his abdication in 1952.

His full title was "His Majesty Farouk I, by the grace of God, King of Egypt and the Sudan". As king, Farouk was known for his extravagant playboy lifestyle. After the death of his father, King Fuad I in 1936, Farouk became king at the age of 16. He was very popular among the people. However, as time went by, Farouk's popularity slowly declined, perhaps due to the corruption and incompetence of his government. 

Eventually, the Egyptian military, led by General Mohamed Naguib and the other Free Officers started a coup d'état. This started the Egyptian Revolution. Farouk was forced to abdicate the throne in favor of his infant son, Ahmed Fuad, who succeeded him as King Fuad II. However, a year later in 1953, the monarchy was abolished and Egypt was declared a republic. Mohamed Naguib became its first ever President. Farouk died in exile in Rome, Italy in 1965 at the age of 45.

His sister, Princess Fawzia Fuad, was the first wife and consort of the Shah of Iran, Mohammad Reza Pahlavi.



Suez Crisis

The Suez Crisis was the invasion of Egypt by Israel, the United Kingdom and France to regain control over the Suez Canal and to remove then Egyptian President Gamal Abdel Nasser who nationalized the Suez Canal Company and Egypt's oil industry.

Before 1956, the Suez Canal was owned by the Suez Company, a private corporation. This company was mostly owned by British and French investors. In 1956, Egyptian President Nasser nationalized the Canal. In other words, he took it away from the Suez Company and put the Egyptian government in control. Israel, the United Kingdom, and France invaded Egypt. 

Ceiling (aeronautics)

The service ceiling of an aircraft is the highest altitude it's capable of flying at.

Aerial reconnaissance

Aerial reconnaissance is espionage that is done for the sky, or outer space.

Bhadarwahi

Bhadarwahi is a dialect of Punjabi, spoken in the Bhadarwah region of Jammu and Kashmir, India. It is a Indo-Aryan languages from the Western Pahari languages. There are also some speakers in Pakistan.

List of Kenya Twenty20 International cricketers

This list includes all players from Kenya who have played at least one T20I match.

"Last updated 20 November 2021."

List of Italy Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Italian Twenty20 International cricketers.

Matthew Stokes (cricketer)

Matthew William Reeve Stokes was born 7 October, 1995 in Edinburgh, Scotland. He is a cricketer who plays cricket for Guernsey and is the older brother of Anthony Stokes.

Anthony Stokes (cricketer)

Anthony Stokes was born 1 November, 1998 in Saint Peter Port, Guernsey. He is a cricketer who plays for Guernsey. He is a younger brother of Matthew Stokes.

Rao Sahab

Rao Sahab is a term used to refer to the Yadavs(or Yaduvanshi clan ) of Indian state of Haryana, Rajasthan and South-Western Delhi who ruled Ahirwal region.

In the early 8th century, The Yadav king, Charu Rao, moved from Mathura to the area of Ahirwal. He created the Ahirwal state with Rewari as the capital. Many people from the caste in this area founded Jagirs. Rewari was one of them. People and other Kings called these Jagirdars Rao Sahab.

Balarama (Sanskrit: बलराम, IAST: "Balarāma") is a Hindu god and the elder brother of Krishna. The Rewari empire was founded by Balrama and is named on Rewati, the daughter of king Rewat of Mahabharata time. King Rewat married his daughter to Balram and gave his kingdom to Balram. The King used to call his daughter Rewa and after marrying her daughter to Balram, it was named as "Rewa-wadi", with the time the name became Rewari.
Rao Ruda Singh, an Ahir ruler of Tijara, acquired his ancestoral jagir of Ahirwal . Ruda Singh made Bolni village, south of Haryana his headquarters, 12 km to the east. He cleared the forests and established new villages.

After Rao Ruda Singh, his son Rao Ram Singh (Ramoji) took over the throne of Rewari. Ram Singh built a fort at Bolni and deployed soldiers on it for security. He was a fearless warrior so after a long struggle he was able to neutralize the criminals.

Rao Ram Singh was followed by his son and successor, Shahbaz Singh, who was a contemporary of Shah Jahan and Aurangzeb.

Shahbaz Singh was succeeded by his eldest son, Rao Nandram. Rao Nand Ram 
expanded the estate to nearby districts. He shifted his headquarters from Bolni to Rewari. The water collector named Nand Sagar in Rewari is still a testimony of his memory.

Rao Mitra Sain was the son of Rao Tulsiram the Chandravanshi Ahir ruler who ruled Ahirwal. Rao Mitrasen fought with Muslim invaders, Britishers, Kachwahas of Jaipur, Shekhawats of Shakhawati and Rulers of Bharatpur etc. To take revenge on Rewari, in the early months of 1781, the Rajput rulers of Jaipur & Shekhawats attacked Rewari but they were defeated by Rao Mitrasen in the Battle Of Mandan and suffered heavy losses from a strategic point of view. In 1785, a Maratha expedition to Rewari was repelled by Rao Mitra Sain of Rewari. Shortly afterwards he died, the Marathas tried to invade again, but again suffered heavy loss by Rao Raja Ram Singh of Rewari.

https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/6/67/Rao_Bal_Krishna.jpg
Rao Bal Kishan was born to Rao Nand Ram Singh of the royal Yaduvanshi Ahir family of Rewari . It is said that he killed a lion without wearing armor. This earned him the title of "Sher Bacha Shamsher Bahadur". He was married to the daughter of a Ahir Sardar Ramchandra of Takana Nasibpur.
In 1739, the Iranian ruler Nadir Shah attacked India. Rao Bal Kishan, with his army and with the forces of Delhi, fought Nadir Shah. His army included 5000 infantry and 2000 cavalry. In February 1739, Nader Shah captured Sirhind and moved towards the field of Karnal, a battle destined to be fateful to the Mughal rulers. On 13 February, the battle of Karnal was fought. Emperor Muhammad Shah had over a hundred thousand force against Nader Shah's 55,000 men but was still decisively defeated because royal force left the Battlefield at Karnal. Only Rao Balkishan Singh fought to Nadir shah, he was killed in the battle but immortalized the name "Vijay or Veergati". The Battle was ambitious as Nadir Shah itself remarked to Mughal Emperor that if your combined forces helped Rao Balkrishna of Rewari, than I might not able to enter in Delhi. I had never seen any warrior like him brave , Fierce and strong. After this to a royal chhatri kiosk was made by Mughal Emperor to remark tribute to Rao Balkrishna. Even today the Chhatri is present in Karnal.

Baloch Raja of Farrukhnagar and Bahadur Singh of Ghasera, a descendant of Hathi Singh, were both fierce enemies of Rao Gujarmal. Bahadur Singh was ruling independent from the Jat king Surajmal of Bharatpur. Then Rao Gujarmal along with Surajmal gave a befitting reply to him. Gujarmal also had friendly relations with Todarmal of Neemrana, father-in-law of Bahadur Singh. In 1750, Todarmal invited Rao Gujarmal at the behest of Bahadur Singh and killed him by deceit.

Rao Gujarmal's son Bhavani Singh became the king after him. Bhavani Singh proved to be lazy. Many parts of his kingdom were captured by the Baloch Nawab of Farrukhnagar, the Nawab of Jhajjar and the Raja of Jaipur and only 22 villages remained with Bhavani Singh. A chieftain of his own kingdom killed him in 1758.

The next Raja Hira Singh was also rejected and the control of Raj Kaj was taken over by a local businessman Jauki Ram. Najaf Quli Khan, a rebel Sardar of Delhi had captured the Gokulgarh Fort. Shah Alam II, the Emperor of Delhi, along with Begum Samru, decided to punish her. On 12 March 1788, Shah Alam camped in Bhadawas and attacked Najaf Quli during the night, in which Najaf Quli was badly damaged. The effect of Begum Samru's artillery forced Quli Khan to compromise.

 
Raja Rao Tularam Singh, Born as Tula Singh Ahir (9 December 1825 – 1863), was an Yadav/Ahir ruler, He was the chief hero of the independence revolution of 1857 in Haryana.[16] Temporary British rule took root in the southwest of the present day. The credit for overthrowing Haryana and helping the revolutionaries of Delhi with body, mind and money is given to Tularam only. After the revolution of 1857, he left India and sought the help of the rulers of Afghanistan, Iran and the Tsars of Russia for the war of independence of India. But his plan failed due to his death on 23 September 1863 at the age of 38.

 
Rao Gopaldev Singh was a 19th-century revolutionary in Rewari, who, along with his cousin Rao Tularam Singh, took on the British in the Revolution of 1857.

Rao Kishan Gopal was the commander of his army of revolting army of meerut. He was also an officer in the British East India Company. He was the one who killed General Timley in the war.

Pran Sukh Yadav (1802–1888) was a military commander of his time He was a participant revolutionary in the Revolution of 1857. He was a close friend of Hari Singh Nalwa and the famous Punjab ruler Maharaja Ranjit Singh. In his earlier times, he fought on the side of the Sikh Khalsa army. After the death of Maharaja Ranjit Singh, he participated in the first and second British-Sikh conflicts.


Zachary McLaughlin

Zachary McLaughlin was born 24 May, 1990. He is a cricketer who played three Twenty20 Internationals for Cayman Islands in 2019.

Isaac Berger

Isaac "Ike" Berger (November 16, 1936 – June 7, 2022) was an Israeli-born American weightlifter. He competed for the United States at the 1956, 1960 and 1964 Olympics and won one gold and two silver medals. He held eight world records (four official and four unofficial), and won the United States national title eight times. Berger was born to a rabbi in Jerusalem.

Costică Dafinoiu

Costică Dafinoiu (6 February 1954 – 8 June 2022) was a Romanian light-heavyweight boxer. His career began in 1969. He won a bronze medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics. He retired in 1981.

Tarhan Erdem

Tarhan Erdem (1933 – 8 June 2022) was a Turkish politician. He was born in Kurucaşile, Turkey. He was a member of the Republican People's Party. Erdem was a member of the Member of the Grand National Assembly from 1977 until 1980. He was the Minister of Industry and Technology for one month in 1977.

Erdem died on 8 June 2022 at a hospital in Bodrum, Turkey from problems caused by a stroke, aged 89.

Paula Rego

Dame Maria Paula Figueiroa Rego (26 January 1935 – 8 June 2022) was a Portuguese-British visual artist. She was known for her paintings and prints based on storybooks. Her works were seen as abstract and used pastels. Her works were usually about feminism. She was the first artist-in-residence at the National Gallery in London.

Rego died after a short illness, on 8 June 2022 in London at the age of 87.

The Dark Crystal

The Dark Crystal is a 1982 American British dark fantasy movie directed by Jim Henson and first time director Frank Oz. It stars Stephen Garlick, Lisa Maxwell, Billie Whitelaw, Jerry Nelson, Percy Edwards, Roberta Taylor, Barry Dennen and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Andrey Shumilin

Andrey Anatolyevich Shumilin (; 9 March 1970 – 8 June 2022) was a Russian wrestler. He competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics and came fourth.

Shumilin died on 8 June 2022 at a hospital in Berlin, Germany from cancer, aged 52.

Vladimir Yegorov

Vladimir Grigoryevich Yegorov (; 26 November 1938 – 8 June 2022) was a Russian politician and military person. He was the governor of Kaliningrad Oblast of Russia from 2001 to 2005. He was Admiral commanding the Baltic Fleet before he became governor. He was born in Moscow, Russia.

Yegorov died in Kaliningrad, Russia on 8 June 2022, aged 83.

Stanley Fischer

Stanley Fischer (; born October 15, 1943) is an Israeli-American economist. He was the 20th Vice Chair of the Federal Reserve from 2014 to 2017. Fisher was the 8th governor of the Bank of Israel from 2005 to 2013. He is a citizen of both Israel and the United States. 

He was First Deputy Managing Director of the International Monetary Fund and Chief Economist of the World Bank. 

On January 10, 2014, President Barack Obama nominated Fischer to be Vice-Chairman of the US Federal Reserve Board of Governors. 

On September 6, 2017, Stanley Fischer announced that he was resigning as Vice-Chairman for personal reasons on October 13, 2017. 

The Valet (2022 movie)

The Valet is a 2022 American romantic comedy movie directed by Richard Wong and written by Bob Fisher and Rob Greenberg. It is a remake of the French movie "The Valet" (2006). It stars Eugenio Derbez and Samara Weaving, with Max Greenfield, Betsy Brandt, Marisol Nichols, Amaury Nolasco, Carmen Salinas, Noemi Gonzalez, Armando Hernández, Carlos Santos, Ravi Patel, and John Pirruccello.

The movie is about a parking valet (Derbez) who is hired to date an actress (Weaving) trying to cover up an affair. It was released on Hulu on May 20, 2022 to positive reviews.

Max Greenfield

Max Greenfield (born September 4, 1979) is an American actor. He was known for his roles in "Veronica Mars" and "Ugly Betty". He also played Schmidt in the Fox sitcom "New Girl".

The Backrooms

The Backrooms is an urban legend \ creepypasta started by a post on 4chan telling a story about an very large maze filled with empty yellow rooms. The Backrooms is known by its yellow wallpaper, the smell of moist carpet, and loud buzzing lights.

Some people on the internet have created more ideas about the Backrooms to add levels and "entities" living in them. In the original 4chan post, people are said to fall into the Backrooms by “no-clipping”, which is a term used in video games to describe the action of passing through a solid object.

Since its creation, The Backrooms has been spread into other forms of media and Internet culture, including video games, memes, and a horror/science fiction web series.

Some sources believe the Backrooms to have been the beginning of the internet's aesthetic of liminal spaces, which shows usually busy areas as unnaturally empty. The #liminalspaces hashtag has had nearly 100 million views on TikTok. A TikTok trend of videos that zoom in on Google Earth to reveal an entrance to the Backrooms have grown popular.

The Backrooms concept has since been expanded by internet users. Some have created different sections of the Backrooms called "levels". There are thousands of levels found within fan-made Wikis of the Backrooms, featuring different pictures and safety classes in a format influenced by the SCP wiki. One canon is that there are three distinct levels. The levels in this canon include:


There are also many different levels, including Level ! (Run For Your Life!), which is a very, very long hallway that is populated by entites, An endless number of levels are generated by the Backrooms fanbase.

In January 2022, a short horror video titled "The Backrooms (Found Footage)" was uploaded to the YouTube channel Kane Pixels. This video caused the Backrooms to become popular again. The Backrooms was an inspiration for Apple TV+'s "Severance".

In February 2023, A24 announced that they will be working on a movie about the Backrooms. YouTuber Kane Parsons is set to direct the movie. It will be based on his YouTube series about the Backrooms.

Windows Speech Recognition

Windows Speech Recognition (WSR) is speech recognition software developed by Microsoft for Windows Vista that enables voice commands to control the desktop user interface, dictate text in documents and e-mail and more. WSR has support for all versions of Microsoft Windows except Windows Vista.


MindGeek

MindGeek (formerly Manwin) is a Canadian company that focuses on pornography.

Just Nuisance

Just Nuisance (1 April 1937 – 1 April 1944) was the only dog ever to be officially enlisted in the Royal Navy. He was a Great Dane who between 1939 and 1944 served at HMS Afrikander, a Royal Navy shore establishment in Simon's Town, South Africa. He died in 1944 at the age of seven years and was buried with full military honours.

Manawatū Standard

The Manawatu Standard is a regional daily newspaper in New Zealand. The newspaper is based in Palmerston North. The company started in 1880.

Official website

Central Asian Arabic

Central Asian Arabic (العربية الآسيوية الوسطى) is a severely endangered variety of Arabic historically spoken widely across Central Asia including Khorasan, but now dying out. Many are now switching to Persian or Tajik.

Much of the region of Central Asia was under the rule of Islamic Arab caliphates. Many nomadic Arabs moved from Khuzestan and Oman to Samarkand and other parts of Central Asia. After Soviet forces took the region, Arabic started dying. The majority of Arabic speakers have switched to Dari in Afghanistan and Tajikistan.

Anne Cutler

Elizabeth Anne Cutler ( – ) was an Australian psycholinguist. She was the director emeritus of the Max Planck Institute for Psycholinguistics until 2012. Cutler was elected to fellowships of the Royal Society, the British Academy, and the Academy of the Social Sciences in Australia during her career. She was a professor at Western Sydney University.

Aamir Liaquat Hussain

Aamir Liaquat Hussain (; 5 July 1971 – 9 June 2022) was a Pakistani politician, columnist and television host. He was a member of the National Assembly of Pakistan from August 2018 to October 2021, when he resigned from the Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf. He was an assembly member before form 2002 until 2007. He also was the Minister of State for Religious Affairs from 2004 until 2007. Hussain was born in Karachi, Pakistan.

Hussain died on 9 June 2022 at a hospital in Karachi, one month before his 51st birthday. A few hours before, he had a heart attack at his home.

Oleg Moliboga

Oleg Alekseyevich Moliboga (, ; 27 February 1953 – 9 June 2022) was a Soviet volleyball player and Russian volleyball coach. He was born in Dnipropetrovsk, Soviet Union. He took part in the 1976 Summer Olympics and in the 1980 Summer Olympics. He won a silver medal in 1976 and a gold medal in 1980.

Moliboga died on 9 June 2022, aged 69.

Bajram Begaj

Bajram Begaj (born 20 March 1967) is an Albanian former military officer and politician. He is the 9th President of Albania since 24 July 2022. 

Begaj was the 26th Chief of General Staff of the Albanian Armed Forces from July 2020 to June 2022. 

He is an independent, but was nominated to the presidency by the Socialist Party as the candidate to the fourth round of the 2022 presidential election. Begaj is the fifth president in the history of Albania to have a military background.

Scinax rossaferesae

Scinax rossaferesae is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in and around Guartelá Canyon.

The adult male frog is 27.8–31.6 mm long from nose to rear end. The iris of its eye is gold or yellow in color. Parts of its legs are light brown.

The scientists who wrote the first paper about this frog named it after their friend Dr. Denise Rossa-Feres, a zoologist.

HIPRA

Hipra Laboratories, S.A. is a Spanish pharmaceutical multinational founded in 1954. It began in the field of veterinary medicine but is also developing a vaccine against COVID-19.

The founder of the company is the Catalan pharmacist, veterinarian and chemist Joan Nogareda i Gifre, a native of Olot. In 1971, he acquired a Madrid-based companyand moved it to the province of Girona in 1954. Since 1973, its headquarters have been in Amer. His brother Ernest and Pere Casadevall are involved in the new company. 

Since April 2020, Hipra has been developing a vaccine against SARS-CoV-2 with funding from the CDTI.2 Later, in November 2021, the vaccine went to phase 2 of human trials3, to finally start phase 3 in early 2022 with 3,000 volunteers in 20 hospitals, mainly from Spain but also from Italy and Portugal.

The company expects to make 400 million doses in 2022, having already agreed a supply of 50 million doses with Vietnam.

Hipra markets a variety of products aimed at animal health, especially for farm animals but also for domestic animals such as pigeons and dogs.

Hipra has seven veterinary products registered in Spain.

Marwari language

Marwari is a dialect of Rajasthani language spoken in Rajasthan, India. It is also spoken in Pakistan primarily Sindh. It has 70 million speakers. It is spoken by the Marwari Rajasthani people. In India it is written in the Devanagari script while in Pakistan it is written in Nastalik.

Jad language

Dzad is a Tibetic language spoken in Himachal Pradesh in India and also Azad Kashmir in Pakistan. It is currently facing extinction. Many Dzad people have stopped speaking Jad and have started speaking Ladakhi, Hindi, or Kashmiri.

Kundal Shahi language

Kundal Shahi is a language spoken in the Kundal Shahi village. It is a Dardic language from the Shina sub-group. Only 700 people speak it and the new generation is shifting to Hindko.

Pogali

Pogali is a variety of Kashmiri spoken in District Ramban and Other Parts in UT jammu and kashmir. It is also spoken in Azad Kashmir.

Domari language

Domari is a language spoken by the Dom of the Middle East. It is an Indo-Aryan language. It is endangered because the young have shifted to Arabic, Hebrew, Persian, Turkish and Kurdish, 

Jadgali language

Jadgali is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in the Balochistan region of Pakistan and Iran, also spoken in Oman. It is spoken by the Jadgal people. It is considered as dialect of Sindhi language and is closely related to Lasi dialect of Sindhi.

Lasi dialect

Lasi is a Sindhi dialect spoken in Lasbela district also in Ormara area of Gwadar district in Balochistan, Pakistan. It is spoken by the Lasi people.

Omani Arabic

Omani Arabic is a dialect of Arabic spoken in Oman, Zanzibar, and parts of Kenya, Somalia, the UAE, Iran, and Pakistan.

Sorani

Sorani Kurdish (also known as Central Kurdish) is a variety of Kurdish spoken in Iran and Iraq. It is written in the Arabic alphabet unlike Kurmanji which is written in the Latin alphabet. There are 8 million speakers.

Sistani dialect

Sistani is a dialect of Persian spoken in Iran, primarily the Sistan and Baluchistan province and also Afghanistan and Pakistan. 

Wanetsi

Wanetsi is a Iranian language spoken in Pakistan's Balochistan province. It is very closely related to Pashto, which some linguists consider it a dialect of.

Brokskat

Brokskat is a Dardic language spoken in Ladakh, India and Gilgit-Baltistan, Pakistan. It is spoken by the Brokpa people. Brokskat is a branch of the Shina languages spoken in northern Pakistan.

Parya language

Parya is an endangered isolated Indo-Aryan language spoken in Uzbekistan and Tajikistan. It is extinct is Afghanistan and Pakistan. It is closely related to Hindi.

Purgi language

Purgi is a Tibetic language spoken in the Pakistani Baltistan and Indian Ladakh regions. It is spoken by the historical Purigpa community of Kashmir. Purgi is closer to Balti than Ladakhi.

Human rights in Tanzania

President Samia Suluhu Hassan became Tanzania’s first female president in March 19, 2021, after the death of President John Pombe Magufuli. Although, issues are still existing.
Despite President Hassan’s pledge to remove restrictions on the media, Tanzanian authorities continued to restrict the right to free expression, including through arbitrary arrests of journalists and critics of the government. 
Tanzanian authorities also failed to protect refugees’ rights. In 2021, Burundian refugees in Tanzania reported threats and harassment by security forces. 
The authorities have not done investigations into serious abuses in the 2020 elections.

Shughni language

Shughni is a Pamiri language spoken in Tajikistan, Afghanistan, and Pakistan in the Hindu Kush region. It is closely related to Rushani. 

Zin Harris

Parke Gerald Zinzan Harris was born on 18 July 1927. He died on 1 December 1991. His nickname was Zin. Harris was a New Zealand cricketer who played in nine Test matches between 1955 and 1965. His sons, Chris and Ben, also played cricket.

Walter Hadlee

Walter Arnold Hadlee was born on 4 June 1915. He died on 29 September 2006. He was a New Zealand cricketer and Test match captain. He played first-class cricket. Three of his five sons were Sir Richard, Dayle, and Barry. They also played cricket for New Zealand. The Chappell–Hadlee Trophy is named after the Hadlee family. 


Verdun Scott

Verdun John Scott was born on 31 July 1916. He died on 2 August 1980. Scott was a sportsman who played for New Zealand. He played both Test cricket and rugby league. As of 2022 he is the only player to have played both. In World War II he went to Egypt and Italy. 


Spiti language

Spiti is a Tibetic language spoken in the Spiti Valley. It is spoken in Himachal Pradesh, India as well as Gilgit-Baltistan of Pakistan.

Trainer (TV series)

Trainer was a British TV show. It was on the BBC between 1991 and 1992. It was produced by Gerard Glaister as a follow-up to the show "Howards' Way". 

Trainer is about horse racing. 

Zangskari language

Zangskari is a Tibetic language spoken in Ladakh and Baltistan of the Kashmir region. It is spoken by Buddhist monks and is almost extinct.

Those Daring Young Men in Their Jaunty Jalopies

Monte Carlo or Bust! is a 1969 comedy movie. In America the title is Those Daring Young Men in Their Jaunty Jalopies. It was made by people in the United Kingdom, France, and Italy. The story is based on the Monte Carlo Rally, a race that started in 1911. The movie is set in the 1920s. It was a very expensive movie. Paramount spent $10 million on it. The story is about a car race across Europe. There are characters from all over the world. They all really want to win.


Bateri language

Bateri is a Dardic language spoken in Pakistan's Kohistan District and India's Jammu and Kashmir. Bateri is closely related to Indus Kohistani.

Dameli language

Dameli is a Dardic language spoken by around 5,000 people in Chitral District. It is primarily spoken in the town of Domel where the name of the language comes from.

Gowro language

Gowro is a Dardic language spoken in Kohistan District, Pakistan. There are around 1,000 speakers.

Teletoon Retro

Teletoon Retro was a Canadian specialty channel. It was owned by Corus Entertainment. It was based on the Teletoon programming block. The service was dedicated to broadcasting classic animated television programs as well as some live-action series. It was shut down on September 1, 2015.

Fernando (footballer, born March 1999)

Fernando dos Santos Pedro (born 1 March 1999), player name Fernando, is a Brazilian footballer. He plays as a forward for FC Red Bull Salzburg.

He started his career with Palmeiras São Paulo. In 2018 he went to the Ukrainian team Shakhtar Donetsk. 2019 he went on loan to Sporting Lissabon for the 2019–20 season but came back already in January 2020.

In April 2022, Red Bull Salzburg announced the signing of Fernando from Shakhtar Donetsk. He came to Salzburg for training, because the league was stopped due to the war in the Ukraine.

Shakhtar Donetsk

Museum Island

The Museum Island (German: "Museuminsel") is a collection of museums in the northern part of the Spree Island in Berlin. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site. It includes five famous museums: the Altes Museum, the Neues Museum, the Alte Nationalgalerie, the Bode-Museum, and the Pergamonmuseum. The complex also consists of the Berliner Dom and Lustgarten. Different architects built the museums between 1830 and 1930. The Museums are part of the Staatliche Museen zu Berlin (SMB), (German: National Museums of Berlin). 

The Altes Museum by Karl Friedrich Schinkel opened in 1830. It was the first museum to be built. The Neues Museum was built in 1855 by architect Friedrich August Stüler The third museum, the Alte Nationalgalerie, opened in 1876 and was built by Johann Heinrich Strack. The fourth museum was the Bode Museum in 1904 by Ernst von Ihne. Finally, the Pergamon Museum by Alfred Messel and Ludwig Hoffmann opened in 1930.  

King Frederick William IV of Prussia set aside the island as an " open space for art and science" in 1841. The original plan was to have a Königlisches Museum be several buildings surrounding a Lustgarten. The plan was not to have one museum contain several genres and cultural regions. Instead, the island would have separate museum buildings for different regions and epochs. This layout was different than other museums like the Louvre or the British Museum. 

The development of the museums followed a particle mission of education. The educated social class of the 19th century (Bildungsbürgertum) called for openly accessible art. The educator and philosopher Wilhelm von Humboldt, who supported public education, was also in charge of developing the museums. Thus, the museums were created to be for the public. The Altes Museum would become Prussia's first public museum. 

In the 1870s, the island began to be called Museum Island. The Prussians tried to build museums comparable to models in Paris and London. Following these ideas, an art conference in 1880 determined that galleries should only display high art forms in museums. 

During the Third Reich, the Nazis planned to expand the Museum Island. They wanted to add more buildings and had plans for the Germanic Museum and Museum of the 19th Century. The war prevented these plans. Several of the museums were damaged during World War 2. Bombings destroyed over 70% of the museums during the war. However, much of the art was stored in bomb shelters.

Significant restoration of the museums took place after German reunification in the 1990s. The German government has spent about $1 billion on renovations on the Museum Island.  In the late 1990s, a masterplan for the Museum Island was proposed. It includes renovations and modernization of buldings and tries to connect all the museums. There will be a new visitor center building. 

In 1999, the island became a UNESCO World heritage site.

Indus Kohistani

Indus Kohistani or Maiya is a Dardic language spoken in the Kohistan District and the surrounding regions like Swat District and Hazara. It is spoken by the Kohistani people and is the predominant language of Kohistan. It has two dialects, Kohistan and Kanyawali. It is written in the Nastaliq variant of the Arabic script.

Kalami language

Kalami is a Dardic language spoken in Swat District, Pakistan. It is also spoken in Dir District. It is closely related to Torwali. 

Kalkoti language

Kalkoti is a Dardic language of the Shina sub-branch of Pakistan. It is primarily spoken in Upper Dir District, in the Kalkot Tehsil. It has a lot of loanwords from Indus Kohistani.

Kamviri dialect

Kamviri is a variety of the Kamkata-viri language spoken in Afghanistan and Pakistan. It is spoken by the Kom people and is closely related to Shekhani.

Kata-vari dialect

Kata-vari is a variety of Kamkata-viri spoken in Afghanistan and Pakistan (Chitral District). It has two dialects, Eastern Kata-vari or Shekhani and Western Kata-vari. It is spoken by 40,000 people.

Vallegrande Province

Jesús y Montes Claros de los Caballeros del Vallegrande, known simply as Vallegrande, is a municipality and small city in Bolivia, capital of the Vallegrande province in the department of Santa Cruz. It borders the provinces of Florida and Manuel María Caballero.

During colonial times, communications between Charcas and Santa Cruz were very dangerous due to the presence of chiriguano Indians. This is the reason why the viceroy of Lima decided to populate the area to maintain communications.

It was founded by Pedro Lucio Escalante y Mendoza on March 30 in 1612.

Slacker (movie)

Slacker is a 1990 American comedy-drama movie directed by Richard Linklater (who also stars) and also starring Lee Daniel, Teresa Taylor, Abra Moore, Louis Black, Kim Krizan, Louis Mackey. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Stephan Farffler

Stephan Farffler (1633-1689) was a paraplegic watchmaker who is credited with inventing wheelchairs.

Watchmaker

A watchmaker is an artisan who crafts and repairs watches, although now watches tend to be made by big box corporations in factories.

Tafelmusik

Tafelmusik (English "Table music") is a type of music. It is performed during banquets and feasts. Tafelmusik can be instrumental or vocal music. The term was first used in the 16th century.

Tafelmusik (Telemann)

Tafelmusik is a collection of instrumental music by Georg Philipp Telemann. It was first called Musique de Table. The collection was first published in Hamburg in 1733. The collection is made up of three sets of music. Each set is called a "production". Each "production" begins with a ouverture. 185 people bought copies of the collection. This includes George Frideric Handel, Johann Georg Pisendel, and Johann Joachim Quantz.

Sovereign citizen movement

The Sovereign citizen movement is a loose political movement of tax protesters, conspiracy theorists, activists, auditors and certain other people who claim to be answerable only to their interpretation of laws and that governments and courts only have legitimate jurisdiction over them if they consent to be ruled. 

These people call themselves sovereign citizens, sovereign beings and similar terms. Sovereign citizens and their counterparts in British Commonwealth countries, freemen on the land, claim most forms of taxation, especially income taxes and property taxes, as illegitimate, and don't recognize government currencies as legal tender. 

The FBI classifies the sovereign citizen movement as a domestic terrorism movement.

Tax protest

A tax protest is nonpayment or a certain tax or taxes because the people refusing to pay the tax believe it to be wrong, unconstitutional, etc. A tax protest is different from tax resistance in that in the latter, people refuse to pay as a protest against the government and or its policies.

Domestic terrorism

Domestic terrorism is a form of terrorism that only takes place in a single country and is committed by a person who is a citizen of that country.

Spanish moss

Spanish moss ("Tillandsia usneoides") is a flowering plant that grows on trees in many tropical and subtropical areas in the Americas.

It is known in the United States. It is often found on the southern live oak ("Quercus virginiana") and bald cypress ("Taxodium distichum"). It lives in the lowlands, swamps, and marshes of the mid-Atlantic and southeastern states, from the coast of southeastern Virginia to Florida and west to southern Arkansas and Texas.

Spanish moss is not parasitic: it is an epiphyte which absorbs nutrients and water through its own leaves from the air and rain falling upon it. Spanish moss has been used for many purposes, including building insulation, mulch, packing material, mattress stuffing, and fiber. In the early 1900s it was used commercially in the padding of car seats. 

Coat of Arms of Singapore

The Coat of arms of Singapore is the symbol representing Singapore.

Texan English

Texan English or Texas English are the two main varieties of English native to Texas. A Southern American variety and a Spanish influenced one.
In the eastern part of the state, there's what some call a "Southern accent with a twist". This "twist" refers to the other southern accents which came to Texas throughout the history of English being spoken there. 

Features include:


The second major Texas English variety is Tejano English - the Hispanic variety common in the southwest part of the state. 

Features include:


Edwardian architecture

Edwardian architecture refers to the architectural styles of the Edwardian era from 1901 to 1910. The main style is watered-down baroque.

Adjustable focus glasses

Adjustable focus glasses are eyeglasses whose lens powers can be adjusted for focal distance and prescription. These glasses are viable options for certain people who need bifocals or trifocals. They can also be donated to people in the developing world where eye doctors and opticians are hard to come by and afford. There's two methods for achieving adjustable lenses. 

One design uses a crystal liquid in a flexible layer. The wearer then uses a dial to control the amount of liquid in the lenses, which in turn makes the lenses more convex, concave or flat.

The other design has double layers of lenses that slide over one another.

Presbyopia

Presbyopia is age based hyperopia that sets in usually after the age of 40 years old.

3D glasses

3D glasses are special eyeglasses for achieving stereoscopy or the illusion of depth for certain movies, pictures, etc.

Stereoscopy

Stereoscopy or stereo imaging is a technique for creating or enhancing the illusion of depth for certain movies, pictures, etc.

Basutoland

Basutoland was a British colony that existed from 1884 to 1966 in present-day Lesotho.

Basutoland was completely surrounded by the Cape Colony from 1884–1910, the Union of South Africa from 1910–1961 and the Republic of South Africa from 1961–1966.

On 4 October 1966, Basutoland became independent as the Kingdom of Lesotho.

Madaklashti

Madaklashti (مدگلاشتی) is a variety of Persian spoken in the Madaklasht valley of Chitral, Pakistan. It is spoken by the Tajik people and is almost identical to Tajik and Dari varities spoken in neighboring Badakhshan.

Alien Nation (movie)

Alien Nation is a 1988 American science fiction action movie directed by Graham Baker and starring James Caan, Mandy Patinkin, Terence Stamp, Kevyn Major Howard, Leslie Bevis, Peter Jason, Roger Aaron Brown, Jeff Kober. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and spwaned TV series and 5 television movies from 1994 to 1997.


Bank of Maharashtra

Bank of Maharashtra is a nationalised bank under the ownership of Ministry of Finance, Government of India. The bank had 29 million customers across the country with 2022 branches as of March 2022. It has the largest network of branches of any nationalised bank in the state of Maharashtra. The total business of the bank crossed ₹ 3,15,620 lakh crore as on 31 December 2021.

The bank was founded by V.G.Kale and D. K. Sathe in Pune, India.

The bank was registered on 16 September 1935 with an authorized capital of and became operational on 8 February 1936. It provided financial assistance to small business and gave birth to many industrial houses. The bank was nationalised in 1969.

A. S Rajeev assumed charge as Managing Director & CEO of the bank on 2 December 2018. A.B. Vijayakumar joined as Executive Director on 10 March 2021. Asheesh Pandey joined as Executive Director on 31 December 2021.

Amar Dedic

Amar Dedić (born 18 August 2002) is a Bosnian professional footballer. He plays as defender for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg and the Bosnia and Herzegovina national team.

Dedić started playing football at a local club. Then he went to Sturm Graz youth in 2012. In 2015 he moved to Red Bull Salzburg's youth academy. There he played in all ranks. In August 2019 he signed his first contract with Red Bull Salzburg. He made his professional debut playing for Liefering against Amstetten on 26 July at the age of 16. On 19 June 2020, he scored his first professional goal in a triumph over Dornbirn.

He made his debut for Red Bull Salzburg in the cup match against Bregenz on 9 September.

In June 2021, he went on loan to Wolfsberger AC. In June 2022 he came back to Salzburg. In the 2022–23 season he became number 1 as right back. In the UEFA Champions League he played in all six group stage matches.

Dedić represented Bosnia and Herzegovina at all youth levels. He was captain of the under-17 team.

In March 2022 he was called into the senior team for friendly games against Georgia and Luxembourg. He debuted against Luxembourg on 29 March.

Red Bull Salzburg

The Legend of Billie Jean

The Legend of Billie Jean is a 1985 American drama movie directed by Matthew Robbins and starring Helen Slater, Peter Coyote, Christian Slater, Keith Gordon, Dean Stockwell, Yeardley Smith. It was distributed by Tri-Star Pictures.


Chanson de geste

A chanson de geste (old French for "Song of heroic deeds") is a medieval French epic poem with a heroic narrative that formed part of the core of Charlemagne legends.

Tribes of Levites

The Tribes of Levies were the main tribes of Judea and Isreal. Members of those tribes claimed the sole right to the Jewish priesthood.

Law of Moses

The Laws of Moses were the laws God is said to have given Moses. The first set of Moses laws were the Ten Commandments which covered morality. The second was the set of social laws (on property, inheritance, and marriage). The third were the laws on food (what's considered kosher or not, cooking and storage of food, etc).


Estates of the realm

The Estates of the realm were the broad orders of social rank and hierarchy in Europe from the 6th century to the 17th century (up until the 18th century in the case of France under the Ancien Regime) that divided the population into a series of estates, although how many depended on the country and era. Often people who did not own any land were not included at all. Medieval parliaments were generally divided to match.

In pre-revolutionary France, Scotland, Catalonia and Portugal the three estates were 
In Sweden and Russia, burghers (the urban merchant class) and rural commoners were split into separate estates, so there were four estates. 

In Rhodesia a similar system was set up in 1961 with voter rolls A and B for people who owned property or had educational qualifications. This was mostly the 230,000 white people. Most of the 4 million black didnt qualify. 

Some people refer to journalism as the Fourth Estate.

Ancien Régime

The Ancien Regime (French for "Old Regime" or "Old Order") was the social and political system of absolute monarchy in France from 1500 to the French Revolution in 1792. The Ancien Regime was marked by the ideology of absolutism and the preservation of aristocratic privileges.

Bodø

Bodø (;) is a city in Nordland county, Norway. It is part of the traditional region of Salten. 


Julee Cruise

Julee Ann Cruise (December 1, 1956 – June 9, 2022) was an American pop singer-songwriter, actress and musician. She was known for her works with composer Angelo Badalamenti and director David Lynch in the late 1980s and early 1990s. She was known for her song "Falling", the theme song for the television series "Twin Peaks". She was born in Creston, Iowa.

Cruise was diagnosed with lupus in March 2018. She died by suicide on June 9, 2022 in Pittsfield, Massachusetts at the age of 65.

Lux Occulta

Lux Occulta is an Polish avant-garde metal band formed in 1994.


Don Perkins

Donald Anthony Perkins (March 4, 1938 – June 9, 2022) was an American football fullback in the National Football League. He played for the Dallas Cowboys from 1961 until 1968. He played college football at the University of New Mexico.

Perkins died on June 9, 2022 in Albuquerque, New Mexico at the age of 84.

Giuseppe Brizi

Giuseppe Brizi (19 March 1942 – 9 June 2022) was an Italian professional football player and manager. He played as a defender. He was part of the Italy national football B squad that won the 1963 Mediterranean Games.

Ranan Lurie

Ranan R. Lurie (; May 26, 1932 – June 8, 2022) was an Egyptian-born Israeli-American political cartoonist and journalist. He was a senior associate at the CSIS (Center for Strategic and International Studies) from 1990 until his death. He was a member of the United Nations Correspondents Association. He was founder and Editor-in-Chief of "Cartoonews". Lurie was born in Cairo, Egypt but raised in Greenwich, Connecticut.

Lurie died on June 8, 2022 in Las Vegas, Nevada at the age of 90.

Bruce Kent

Bruce Kent (22 June 1929 – 8 June 2022) was a British political activist and former Roman Catholic priest. He was known for his role and activism with Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament (CND). He was the organisation's general secretary from 1980 to 1985 and its chair from 1987 to 1990. In 1960 he joined the Christian Campaign for Nuclear Disarmament. 

In 1992, Kent was a candidate for the Labour Party in the constituency of Oxford West and Abingdon, where he came third.

Kent died on 8 June 2022 at the age of 92.

Oddleif Olavsen

Oddleif Olavsen (9 October 1945 – 5 June 2022) was a Norwegian politician. He was a member of the Conservative Party. He was mayor of Bodø from 1995 to 1999. He then was on the Nordland County Council from 2003 to 2007. Before entering politics, he was a footballer and played for FK Bodø/Glimt.

Olavsen died on 5 June 2022 at the age of 76.

Giuseppe Azzaro

Giuseppe Azzaro (15 October 1925 – 5 June 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Christian Democracy party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1963 to 1992. He was also Mayor of Catania from 1987 to 1988 and again in 1991.

Azzaro died in Rome, Italy on 5 June 2022 at the age of 96.

Valentin Oehen

Valentin Oehen (26 June 1931 – 2 June 2022) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of Swiss Democrats. He was born in Lucerne, Switzerland. He was a member of the Swiss National Council from 1971 until 1987.

Oehen died in Nottwil, Switzerland on 2 June 2022 at the age of 91.

Annaleigh Ashford

Annaleigh Amanda Ashford (née Swanson, born June 25, 1985) is an American actress, singer, and dancer. She is known for her work on television as Betty DiMello on the Showtime period drama "Masters of Sex". She played Paula Jones in the FX drama "" (2021). She played Elizabeth Cote in four episodes of the mini-series "" in 2018.

Lucianne Goldberg

Lucianne Steinberger Goldberg (born Lucianne Steinberger; April 29, 1935– October 26, 2022), also known as Lucianne Cummings, was an American literary agent and author. She had an important role in the 1998 impeachment of President Bill Clinton. She advised Monica Lewinsky’s friend Linda Tripp to tape Monica’s phone calls about their affair. The 20-hour recording was used in the Starr investigation.

She died on October 26, 2022, at her home in Weehawken, New Jersey.

Betty Currie

Betty Grace Currie (née Williams; born November 10, 1939) is an American government official. She was the personal secretary for Bill Clinton when he was President of the United States. She became an important person in the Lewinsky scandal because she was accused of handling the gifts given to Monica Lewinsky by President Clinton.

Currie was born in Edwards, Mississippi and moved to Waukegan, Illinois.

Scinax onca

The jaguar snouted tree frog ("Scinax onca") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Scinax iquitorum", but it is not.

The adult male frog is 31.3 to 34.5 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 35.5 to 40.4 mm long. The skin on this frog's back is brown with darker brown spots. The frog's middle is white with black spots. The insides of the back legs are black in color. The belly is yellow with dark brown spots. The iris of the eye is orange in color.

The tadpoles look like ovals from the top and like triangles from the side. They are gray-brown in color with one dark brown stripe from each eye to the nose. There are brown spots on the fins. The scientists found the tadpoles in a pond with no streams going into it or out of it.

Nephila

Nephila is a genus of araneomorph spiders. 

They are also known as the golden silk orb-weavers, golden orb-weavers, giant wood spiders, or banana spiders. Males are smaller than females. Females often get a choice to mate and share gifts with their mates.

"Nephila" spiders have large sexual dimorphism in size, with females being much larger than males.

"Nephila" species are often parasitized by "Argyrodes", a genus of very small black-and-silver spiders. These small spiders are kleptoparasitic: they live by stealing food from their hostess.

Mark 77 bomb

The Mark 77 bomb (MK-77) is a bomb made in the United States.


Rauf Aregbesola

Rauf Adesoji Aregbesola was born on May 25, 1957 in Ilesa, Osun state. Aregbesola is a Muslim born of Muslim and Christian parents. He was the former civilian governor of Osun State from 26th of November 2010 to 26th of November 2018 and the 8th Governor of the state.

Aregbesola had both his primary and secondary education in Ondo State, he obtained a Higher National Diploma (HND) in Mechanical Engineering Technology at the Polytechnic Ibadan in 1980.

He was appointed Commissioner of Works and Infrastructure, Lagos State by Senator Bola Tinubu who was the Governor of Lagos state. Aregbesola served as Commissioner from 1999 to 2007. In August 2019 he was appointed as Minister of Interior of the Federal Republic of Nigeria by President Muhammed Buhari.

Minnie's Bow-Toons

Minnie's Bow-Toons is an American animated children's television series. The series aired from 2011 to 2016 on Disney Junior. It is a spin-off from "Mickey Mouse Clubhouse".

Bristol Virginia-Tennessee Slogan Sign

The Bristol Virginia-Tennessee Slogan Sign is a landmark in the twin cities of Bristol, Virginia and Bristol, Tennessee, United States. The sign is positioned over State Street, a roadway along the border separating the two states. Although the landmark is technically located in both Tennessee and Virginia, the National Register considers the location as Tennessee.

Fumiko Ezaki

Fumiko Ezaki (江崎 史子; born 27 September 1971) is a Japanese judoka. She won the silver medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the extra-light event. 

At the World Judo Championships she won the silver medal in 1986, 1987 and 1989. At the 1990 Asian Games she became champion in the -48 kg category.

Noriko Kitada

Noriko Kitada (北田 典子; born 10 August 1966, former surname is Mochida) is a Japanese judoka. She won the bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the half-middleweight event. 

She won the bronze medal at the 1987 World Judo Championships, in the -61 kg event. In 1987 and 1988 she was All Japan Judo Champion.

Shion Tamenaga

In 2014, she starred in the movie Lingering Memories.

Kerrye Katz

Kerrye Daniels-Katz (born 26 March 1961) is an Australian judoka. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the Middleweight event. 

She won the bronze medal at the 1977 Oceania Judo Championships in the -57 kg category; she was Oceanian Champion in 1985 in the -66 kg category. She was Australian champion eleven times.

She was a judo coach.

Katz is the mother of judoka Joshua Katz and Nathan Katz who both competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Julie Reardon

Julie Frances Reardon (born 6 June 1958) is an Australian judoka. She won the bronze medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where judo was for women a demonstration sport, in the extra-lightweight event. 

She won the bronze medal, at the 1984 World Judo Championships, in the -48 kg category. She won a bronze medal at the 1990 Commonwealth Games.


Deutsches Historisches Museum

The German Historical Museum (German: Deutsches Historisches Museum, DHM) is a German history museum in Berlin. The museum is in a building named Zeughaus (armory) on Unter den Lindern. It is one of the most visited museums in Berlin. The museum holds a collection of about 1 million objects. 

The Federal Republic of Germany and the state of Berlin founded the museum in 1987. The date was also the 750th anniversary of the founding of Berlin. Key historians such as Hartmut Boockmann, Eberhard Jäckel, Hagen Schulze and Michael Stürmer were involved in the project. Chancellor Helmut Kohl supported the museum project. In a speech to the Bundestag in 1985, Kohl emphasized the importance of having the museum. Together, 16 historians, art historians, and museum directors worked on the commission. They wanted the museum to present German history internationally and globally. 

The Berlin state and the federal government signed to create A Board of Trustees (Kuratorium) in July of 1987. Members of the board include representatives of the federal government, parliament (Bundestag), and German states. 

After the reunification of German, the German government took over the of Museum for German History (Museum für Deutsche Geschichte), former East Germany. The government moved the contents of this former museum to the DHM in the Zeughaus. 

Chancellor Angela Merkel started the permanent exhibition: "German History in Images and Artefacts" in 2006"." 

The museum has also become the Public Law Foundation of the Federal Government (Stiftung öffentlichen Rechts des Bundes) and the Foundation Flight, Expulsion, Reconciliation ("Stiftung Flucht, Vertreibung, Versöhnung)."

The facilities include exhibition halls, a library, and a cinema. The exhibitions are closed until 2025 due to renovations. The museum is also virtual through a website called LeMO (Lebendiges virtuelles Museum Online, or Living virtual Museum Online)

Everyday Life Culture I: Technical and medical products and instruments, Household objects, product advertising: c. 70,000 objects

Everyday Life Culture II: Fashion, costumes, badges, religious articles: c. 45,000 objects

Everyday Life Culture III: Toys, postcards, political objects, special inventory: c. 40,000 objects

Old and valuable prints: Prints from 15th century – 20th century: c. 25,000 objects

Documents I: Deeds, broadsheets, flyer and map collections, autographs, Seals and albums up to 1914: c. 50,000 objects

Documents II: Photo albums, newspapers, flyers, propaganda materials, Maps and autographs since 1914: c. 120,000 objects

Picture archive: Estates of photographers and picture agencies, c. 500.000 photographic prints

Film collection: 850 films

Applied arts and sculptures up to 1900: Furniture, ceramics, glass and metal art, design: c. 6,000 objects

Print collection: on the history of events from the 16th to the 20th century, Portrait engraving collection from the 15th to the 20th century: c. 100,000 prints

Art I: Paintings up to 1900: 857 objects

Art II/Photo collection: Paintings and sculptures from the 20th and 21st centuries: c. 3,000 objects as well as 20,000 photographs

Militaria I: Old weapons and armour, military equipment: c. 20,000 objects

Militaria II: Uniforms, flags, medals and decorations, military prints: c. 30,000 objects

Numismatics: c. 80,000 objects, c. 15,000 securities

Posters: Artistic posters 1896–1938 from the Hans Sachs Collection, political posters 1920–1960 from the Wolf Collection, and GDR posters: c. 80,000 objects.

Minimax

Minimax is a traditional machine learning algorithm that is used by computers to play strategic games. This simple logical algorithm is extremely powerful and since it uses the power of the recursive function of the computer, this algorithm is absolutely unbeatable. It is primarily used in games like chess, tic-tac-toe, Go, etc. However, in comparison to modern Neural Networks, and Deep Neural Networks, Minimax shows poor performance in big games like chess. However, in small games like tic-tac-toe, Minimax eventually outperforms the best AI.

The word "Minimax" comes from the abbreviated form of Minimizer-Maximizer. It is because, the algorithm uses 2 agents- Minimizer and Maximizer- to predict a game move.

The working of Minimax is divided into 2 parts- Minimizer and the Maximizer. 

In abstract, this algorithm calculates all possible combination of moves a player can play in a certain state of the game, and chooses the best possible move by simply calculating the winning potential of the each move which is based on no. of moves, no. of wins and no. of loses.

The algorithm has a recursive approach, which means it creates a tree of combination of moves based on the rules of the game.

Now, to calculate the best move in a given game state, the algorithm puts 2 agents- Minimizer and Maximizer to play against each other. Both these agents play based on calculating the best possible move. The Minimizer tries to make Maximizer lose and vice versa. In this way, the Minimizer and Maximizer simulates an entire game, which is then repeated for all sets of possible moves in the given game state. After the algorithm does all the simulation, it then chooses the move which created highest probability of win with lowest no. of moves. Hence it returns the next best move. And then the computer plays the move.

This algorithm is completely unbeatable because it calculates all possible combinations of moves in a game. As a result, when playing against a minimax algorithm, the Computer either wins or draws.


Barry, Minnesota

Barry is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States.

Beardsley, Minnesota

Beardsley is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States.

Clinton, Minnesota

Clinton is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States.

Correll, Minnesota

Correll is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States.

Mankiyali language

Mankiyali is a Dardic language spoken in the Khyber Pakhtunkhwa province of northwestern Pakistan. 

Munji language

Munji is a Iranic language spoken by the Munji people of Pakistan's Gilgit-Baltistan and Afghanistan's Badakhshan. It is closely related to Chitral's Yidgha language. 

Glossop

Glossop is a small town in the Borough of High Peak west Derbyshire in England. Glossop is a market town and as of 2014 had a population of around 33,000 but as of 2001 Glossop had a population of 32,428.

Fordwich

Fordwich is a small suburban village in the United Kingdom in Kent.

Natural History Museum, Berlin

The Natural History Museum (German: "Museum für Naturkunde") is a museum in Berlin. It holds specimens from different periods in natural history. Formerly part of the Humboldt University, the museum is now part of Leibniz Association and includes scientific research and labs. 

The museum has over 30 million samples of minerals, rocks, and living organisms, and there are ten thousand types of specimens. Only a tiny fraction of specimens are displayed, and the museum holds 65% of the Earth's minerals. Other objects displayed are meteorites and fossils. Notable exhibits are the "Giraffatitan" and "Archaeopteryx""." 

The museum is one of the major natural history museums in Germany. The others are the "Naturmuseum Senckenberg" in Frankfurt and the "Museum Koenig" in Bonn. 

The "Archaeopteryx" on display is perhaps the oldest bird, depending on how that is defined. The bird shows a connection between reptiles and birds. The body has wings, claws, a head with teeth, a tail like a lizard, and feathers. The bird was recovered from German Solnhofen limestone in 1871, just a few decades after Darwin wrote "The Origin of Species". 

The "Giraffatitan" was recovered by Werner Janensch betwen 1901 and 1913. The skeleton is about 12 to 13 m long and would have weighed 55 tons. "Giraffatitan" was for many decades called "the largest dinosaur" but there are recent discoveries of even larger dinosaurs. Giant titanosaurians appear to have passed "Giraffatitan" in sheer mass. Also, the sauropod dinosaur "Sauroposeidon" is estimated to be taller and possibly heavier than "Giraffatitan".

The museum displays "Tyrannosaurus" skeletons ("Tristan") in different countries around the world. 

The museum has approximtely 250,000 minerals and 4,500 are on display. There are over 1,000 different types of minerals. 

The hall also includes an evolution exhibit that shows life's biodiversity. 

The wet hall contains 276,000 jars of specimens preserved in ethanol solution. 

The museum holds specimens from various expeditions. They include the German deep-sea Valdiva expedition (1898–99), the German Southpolar Expedition (1901–03), German expeditions to fossil beds in Tendaguru in Tanzania (1909-1912), and the German Sunda Expedition (1929–31). 

The mineral collection was originally part of the Berlin Mining Academy. It would be part of the University of Berlin in 1814. The university added various departments, including paleontology and petrography. Eventually, a new building was needed since the collections were so large. The mineral collection was originally owned by the Prussian King. The museum opened in 1889. Director Karl Möbius divided the collections so that some would be public and the rest only for researchers. Part of the museum was damaged during World War II and rebuilt in 2011. 

After German reunification, the museum split up into the Institutes of Mineralogy, Zoology, and Paleontology in 1993. In 2006, the divisions Collections, Research, and Exhibitions were formed. The museum left the University of Berlin in 2009 and joined the Leibniz association. Its official name is Museum für Naturkunde – Leibniz Institute for Evolutionary and Biodiversity Research at the Humboldt University, Berlin (German: "Museum für Naturkunde – Leibniz-Institut für Evolutions- und Biodiversitätsforschung an der Humboldt-Universität zu Berlin"). 

In the future, the museum wants to renovate itself to become a research museum and address current natural global issues like biodiversity, climate change and sustainability. Construction costs will be about $760 million. 

Ishkashimi language

Ishkashimi is a Pamiri languge spoken in the Badakhsan region of Hindukush. It is closely related to the Sanglechi language.

1990 Wayne County Airport runway collision

The Wayne County Airport runway collision involved the collision of two Northwest Airlines aircraft at Detroit Metropolitan Wayne County Airport on December 3, 1990. It occurred when Flight 1482, a scheduled Douglas DC-9 operating from Detroit to Pittsburgh International Airport, was mistakenly taxed on an active runway in heavy fog and struck by a departing Boeing 727 operating as Flight 299 to Memphis International Airport.

Of the surviving passengers, the NTSB stated that 10 received serious injuries and 23 received minor or no injuries. The three surviving crew members received minor or no injuries

The Douglas DC-9 operating Flight 1482 was registered N3313L; It was built in 1966 and had a total of 62,253 hours of operation. The DC-9 was delivered new to Delta before being sold to predecessor Northwest Southern Airways in 1973. It was 24 years old at the time of the accident.

The Boeing 727 that operated Flight 299 was registered as N278US and had been purchased by Northwest in 1975. It had 37,310 hours of operation. The aircraft was repaired and flew with Northwest until 1995. Aircraft N278US was later sold to Kitty Hawk Aircargo and scrapped in 2011 after 36 years of service.

Madrid runway disaster

The Madrid Runway Disaster occurred on Wednesday, December 7, 1983 (9:50 a.m.) at Madrid-Barajas airport when Iberia Flight 350, a Boeing 727 (registration EC-CFJ) bound for Madrid-Barajas airport Rome-Fiumicino, piloted by Commander Carlos López Barranco, with 93 passengers, collided with Aviaco Flight 134, a McDonnell Douglas DC-9 (registration EC-CGS) bound for Santander Airport, piloted by Commander Augusto Almoguera Pérez (13,442 flight hours), with 42 people on board.

As the Boeing 727 taxied down runway 01, the DC-9 crew accidentally made a wrong turn in the fog and took their plane onto the runway, into the path of the 727. The 727 crew saw the DC-9 and tried to avoid it. the collision turning their planes to take off; however, the 727 had not reached flying speed and its rear fuselage struck the DC-9. Both aircraft caught fire and were destroyed. 
All 42 people aboard the DC-9 perished (37 passengers and 5 crew members), and 51 of the 93 aboard the Boeing 727 perished (50 passengers and 1 crew member).
The rescue continued throughout the day and part of the next. The judge on duty, José Ruiz Ramo, was examining the bodies and certifying the deaths. As many relatives approached the airport and a flood of people collapsed hospitals to donate blood.

Universal+

Universal+ (pronounced as Universal Plus), is a group of Latin American and British Isles premium subscription television channels of United States origin. It focuses on the broadcast of exclusive movies and series that are not seen on other channels. 
It is owned by NBCUniversal, operated by NBCUniversal International Networks. It is distributed by Ole Distribution, a joint venture between Ole Communications and WarnerMedia.

The platform began operating in December 2018, previously as Universal TV+, offering content from various sister channels of NBCUniversal in Latin America, but with a login required from each operator. On December 4, 2020, the platform was renamed Universal+ again, although no service costs were specified.
Universal+ started a premium package on August 24, 2021, when several pages and social networks spread unofficial information about what could be the group of premium channels to be launched and marketed in Latin America, in this way that Ole Distribution I would bet on the premium television business with an additional charge, previously when HBO Latin America Group entered the premium television model, several years later its participation was sold to WarnerMedia.

In a leak of an official statement from DirecTV, details of the premium package were revealed, as well as the new channels to be marketed, including Universal Premiere, Universal Cinema, Universal Crime, Universal Comedy and Universal Reality.

The group was scheduled to start its broadcasts on December 2, 2021, initially on DirecTV and Sky. But due to technical problems, the launch was postponed on Sky in Mexico and Central America for December 3 of the same year, while for DirecTV was postponed to December 6.
The group is made up of 5 premium channels with exclusive content, which are:


The Mother and the Enemy

The Mother and the Enemy is the fourth studio album by Lux Occulta. The album was released on November 19, 2001.

Falley Seminary

Falley Seminary (1836-1883) was a preparatory school in Fulton, New York. It was named after M. E. Falley, who gave the school .

Falley Seminary was a girls-only school when it started on May 25, 1836. When it started, it was called Fulton Female Seminary. Lucy Maynard Salmon was the first principal of Falley Seminary. On April 11, 1842, the school started allowing men to go to the school. to name was changed to Fulton Academy. On April 11, 1849, it was renamed to Falley Seminary of the Black River Conference. On March 5, 1857, it was named Falley Seminary. Later, it was as a post-secondary seminary for the Presbyterian church, and later it was a post-secondary seminary for the Methodist Conference.

James F. Starbuck

James F. Starbuck (September 5, 1816 in Scipio, Cayuga County, New York – December 11, 1880) was an American lawyer and politician.

Starbuck was born on September 5, 1816 in Scipio, New York. He attended Western Reserve College in 1836. He moved to Watertown, New York in 1839. Starbuck was admitted to the bar in 1844, and practiced in Watertown.

Starbuck was a secretary for the New York State Constitutional Convention of 1846. Starbuck was District Attorney of Jefferson County from 1850 to 1854.

He was a member of the New York State Senate (18th D.) in 1876 and 1877. Starbuck died on December 11, 1880.

Marley

Alejandro Wiebe (Born June 1, 1970), known by his stage name Marley, is an Argentine television host, comedian and producer. He is considered one of the most recognized conductors of Argentine television in recent times. His beginnings were on El Trece and since 2003 he has been working on the competitor channel Telefe, serving as the channel's main host.


Matt Zimmerman (actor)

Matt Zimmerman (26 December 1934 – 9 June 2022) was a Canadian actor. He was best known as the voice of Alan Tracy in the 1960s television series "Thunderbirds" and sequel movies "Thunderbirds Are Go" and "Thunderbird 6".

Zimmerman died on 8 June 2022, at the age of 87.

Biruta Lewaszkiewicz-Petrykowska

Biruta Lewaszkiewicz-Petrykowska (26 August 1927 – 9 June 2022) was a Polish lawyer, academic and politician. She was a professor at University of Łódź. She was also Judge of the Polish Constitutional Tribunal from 1997 until 2006. Lewaszkiewicz-Petrykowska was born in Kraków, Poland.

Lewaszkiewicz-Petrykowska died on 9 June 2022 in Kraków at the age of 94.

Talbot Shrewsbury Book

The Talbot Shrewsbury Book (London, British Library Royal 15 E vi ) is a very large manuscript.

A full photographic reproduction of Royal 15 E. vi is available on the British Library Digitised Manuscripts website.

For further information about authors, bibliography and lists of surviving manuscripts see ARLIMA: Archives de littérature du Moyen Âge.

Windows XP Professional x64 Edition

Microsoft Windows XP Professional x64 Edition, released on April 25, 2005, is an edition of Windows XP for x86-64 personal computers. It was designed to use the expanded 64-bit memory provided by the x86-64 architecture.

Windows XP Professional x64 Edition is not to be confused with "Windows XP 64-Bit Edition", which was published in Windows XP Professional x64 Edition and included with "Windows XP 64-Bit Edition for 64-Bit Extended System".


Aloísio Sinésio Bohn

Aloísio Sinésio Bohn (11 September 1934 – 9 June 2022) was a Brazilian Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1961. He was titular bishop of "Abbir Germaniciana" and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Brasilia, Brazil, from 1977 to 1980. He then was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Novo Hamburgo, Brazil, from 1980 to 1986. He later became bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Santa Cruz do Sul, Brazil from 1986 until his retirement in 2010. He was born in Montenegro, Brazil.

Bohn died on 9 June 2022 from pneumonia in Santa Cruz do Sul, Brazil at the age of 87.

Montenegro, Rio Grande do Sul

Montenegro is a municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. In 2020, 65,721 people lived here.

Santa Cruz do Sul

Santa Cruz do Sul () is a city in central Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. The city has a 131,000 population since 2020. It is about 150 km (93 miles) from the capital city of the state, Porto Alegre.

Robert M. Utley

Robert Marshall Utley (October 31, 1929 – June 7, 2022) was an American writer and historian. He wrote sixteen books on the history of the American West. He was a chief historian for the National Park Service.

Utley died on June 7, 2022 in Scottsdale, Arizona at the age of 92.

My Side of the Mountain (movie)

My Side of the Mountain is a 1969 Canadian family adventure movie directed by James B. Clark and was based on the 1959 novel of the same name by Jean Craighead George. It stars Ted Eccles, Theodore Bikel, Tudi Wiggins, Paul Hérbert, Cosette Lee, Ralph Endersby and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


The Big Bus

The Big Bus is a 1976 American action comedy movie directed by James Frawley and starring Joseph Bologna, Stockard Canning, John Beck, Ned Beatty, René Auberjonois, José Ferrer, Ruth Gordon, Harold Gould, Larry Hagman, Lynn Redgrave, Sally Kellerman, Richard Mulligan. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Dick Renooy

Dick Renooy (15 July 1908 — 24 July 1983) was a Dutch motorcycle road racer from Soest. Renooy competed in the 125cc class on his Eysink motorcycle. He had international successes. He is in the Netherlands most known for winning the Dutch TT in 1948.

After an illness, Renooy died in early August in 1983 at the age of 75.


Novate Milanese

Novate Milanese is a city in northern Italy. Novate Milanese is in the Lombardy Region. About 20,000 people live there.

Bollate

Bollate is a city in northern Italy. Bollate is in the Lombardy Region. About 37,000 people live there.

Senago

Senago is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Paderno Dugnano

Paderno Dugnano is a city in northern Italy. Paderno Dugnano is in the Lombardy Region. About 47,500 people live there.

Bresso

Bresso is a city in northern Italy. It is next to Milan. Bresso is in the Lombardy Region. About 27,000 people live there.

Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man

Harley Davidson and the Marlboro Man is a 1991 American action western movie directed by Simon Wincer and starring Mickey Rourke, Don Johnson, Chelsea Field, Daniel Baldwin, Vanessa Williams, Tom Sizemore, Tia Carrere. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and was a box office failure. It received generally negative reviews from critics.


The Living God: Medicine and The Ancient Meetei Civilization

The Living God: Medicine and The Ancient Meetei Civilization is a 2015 English language short documentary movie. It is written and directed by Prakas Aheibam. It is based on the medicine and the ancient Meitei civilization (ancient Kangleipak).

This documentary movie was produced by a resourceless staff who were deeply conscious and appreciated of ancient forgotten human values for the revival. It initiates the information about unknown things and unsuspected resources of ancient civilizations and the hugely deep and materialistic modern times casting their shadow upon them. It shows the undiscovered knowledge as well as the unending ways and resources of the universe known to man only through deeply spiritual and considering great forces.

Meetei Civilization (Ancient Kangleipak), in the present day Northeast India bordering Myanmar (Burma), is a civilization still unknown to most of the world. Meitei script, its ancient script is the representation of the well developed nature of its civilization. The form, structure and phonology of the ancient Meitei writing system show the understanding of human physiology. The ancient Puyas record their ancient knowledge on many subjects including astrology, astronomy, genetics, human physiology, medicine, oracles (predictions), abiogenesis (origin of life), cosmogony (study of the origin of the universe), and the secrets of life and death. The ancient Meitei writings also deal with the relationship between Lai (Meitei term for God) and human beings. Even in present day times, the mixed relationship between the two entities are celebrated in the Lai Haraoba (festivals of Gods). Standing against the burning of Puyas (Puya Mei Thaba), many of these ancient writings still survive even today. The medicine of this ancient civilization is considered as an inheritance from the Lai (Meitei term for God). The descendent people of the ancient civilization still continue to cure as well as treat many modern diseases and illnesses with the healing power of the ancient medicine.

Prakas Aheibam, the director of the movie, has interests of antiques, artifacts and folktales since his childhood. Like many people of his age, he grew up hearing about the historic golden era of Meitei culture. So, he wished for studying for the then unknown world of Meetei Civilization (Ancient Kangleipak). In the year 2006, he saw a miraculous healing effect of the ancient Meitei medical science. It was when his father was suffering from a disease. So, he got more curious to learn about ancient Meitei culture and society. At the same time, one of his friends introduced him to the illustrated human physiology that formed the structure and phonology of revived ancient Meitei script. For almost ten years, Prakas Aheibam dedicated to study for the different aspects of the ancient Meetei Civilization (Ancient Kangleipak).

The ""The Living God: Medicine and The Ancient Meetei Civilization"" won multiple awards and honours from many international film festivals held across the globe. It won the "Best Foreign Short Documentary" and the "Best Original Music" at the "Los Angeles Independent Film Festival" for the month of April. Its screening and awarding was held on 9th May, 2015 in Los Angeles. This documentary also got official selection for the "Los Angeles CineFest" in the same year.

In the International Film Festival for Peace, Inspiration, and Equality 2015, ""The Living God: Medicine and The Ancient Meetei Civilization"" won two awards. It won the "Humanitarian Award" and the "Merit Award". In the same festival, it was also designated as the "Finalists Most Favorite Film 2015".

In the "Hollywood International Independent Documentary Awards 2016", the ""The Living God: Medicine and The Ancient Meetei Civilization"" won the Best Foreign Documentary (Short) Award.

The movie received official entries in many international film festivals across the world. These include:


San Donato Milanese

San Donato Milanese is a city in northern Italy. San Donato Milanese is in the Lombardy Region. About 32,500 people live there.

Cormano

Cormano is a city in northern Italy. Cormano is in the Lombardy Region. About 20,000 people live there.

Lainate

Lainate is a city in northern Italy. Lainate is in the Lombardy Region. About 25,000 people live there.

Ispra

Ispra is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy, on the eastern coast of Lake Maggiore.

Portugalete

Portugalete is a city lying to the west of Bilbao. It is in the province of Biscay in the autonomous community of Basque Country, northern Spain. In 2021, 45,285 people lived there.

A Estrada

A Estrada is a municipality in Galicia, Spain. It is in the province of Pontevedra and is about southeast of Santiago de Compostela.

Annaba

Annaba () is a seaport city in the northeastern edge of Algeria, close to Tunisia. It is the capital of the Annaba Province. In 2008, 257,359 people live in Annaba. About 1 million people live in its metropolitan area.

Epigenesis

Epigenesis may refer to:



E (Cyrillic)

E (Э э; italics: "Э э"; also known as Backwards Ye, from Russian , "ye oborótnoye", ) is a letter found in Russian and Belarusian.
Ya (Cyrillic)

Ya (Я я; italics: "Я я") is a letter of the Cyrillic script.
Shcha

Shcha (Щ щ; italics: "Щ щ"), Shta or Sha with descender is a letter of the Cyrillic script.
Dotted I (Cyrillic)

The dotted i (І І̇ і; italics: "І І̇ і"), also called decimal і (и десятеричное, after its former numeric value), is a letter of the Cyrillic script.

Kje

Kje (or ) (Ќ ќ; italics: "Ќ ќ") is a letter of the Cyrillic script.
Dze

Dze (Ѕ ѕ) is a letter of the Cyrillic script.
Yi (Cyrillic)

Yi (Ї ї; italics: "Ї ї") is a letter of the Cyrillic script that is a combination of І and Є used in Ukrainian. Its alternate form known as iotated e used to take its place.
I with grave (Cyrillic)

I with grave (Ѝ ѝ; italics: "Ѝ ѝ") is an accented form of the Cyrillic letter И. It is not a separate letter in any language.

Ye with grave

Ye with grave (Ѐ ѐ; italics: "Ѐ" "ѐ") is an accented form of the Cyrillic letter Е.
Ukrainian Ye

Ukrainian Ye (Є є; italics: "Є" "є") is a character of the Cyrillic script.
Electrum

Electrum is a naturally occurring alloy of gold and silver, with trace amounts of copper and other metals. It is found in rivers. 

The ancient Greeks called it "gold" or "white gold", as opposed to "refined gold". Its color ranges from pale to bright yellow, depending on the proportions of gold and silver. It has been produced artificially, and is also known as "green gold".

Electrum has been used for coins.

Mercy (2000 movie)

Mercy is a 2000 American erotic mystery thriller movie directed by Damian Harris and was based on the novel by David L. Lindsey. It stars Ellen Barkin, Wendy Crewson, Peta Wilson, Karen Young, Julian Sands, Stephen Baldwin, Beau Starr, Marshall Bell and was distributed by Franchise Pictures.


Jord van Weeren

Jord van Weeren (born 1994) is a Dutch bowler and bowling coach from Leiden. He represents the Netherlands at international competitions since 2008. He became 2022 European team champion.

Van Weeren started with playing football when he was a child. In the same period he went often to the bowling hall because his mother played bowling. His sister also played bowling. As a junior he competed as an exceptional case at a senior competition, and won. The junior head coach who was present advised him to started playing more competitions.

Van Weeren competes at around seven international tournaments per year. He participated at the 2018 WTBA World Tenpin Bowling Championships. In 2019 he became twice national champion (Singles and Doubles). He became in European team champion in Helsinki in 2022, together with Michell Stinissen, Nick de Gelder, Mike Bergmann and Kenneth Ramos. 

As an amateur bowler he has to pay all the costs for the tournaments, training facilities and bowling balls.

Van Weeren is bowling coach of the Dutch national team (under-18). In 2022 he was selected to become Leiden sport coach of the year.

Van Weeren has an IT job at Rabobank. He uses all his holiday days for playing bowling tournaments.

Viseu

Viseu is a city and municipality in Portugal. It is the capital of the district of the same name. About 100,000 people live there.

Você Sabia?

Você Sabia? (in English it means: Did you know?) is a Brazilian YouTube channel, hosted by Lukas Marques and Daniel Mologni. Did You Know? features educational trivia videos such as videos of theories, mysteries, trivia and more. 

Currently, the channel Você Sabia?, with more than 40 million subscribers, is the 4th channel with the most subscribers in Brazil and the 43rd with the most subscribers in the world. 

On April 10, 2014 created a secondary channel called "Você Sabia PLUS", with the aim of focusing on "game" curiosities, but the channel ended up bringing together various subjects, such as videos from "daily vlogs", "gameplays" and other themes. Most of the videos are focused on curiosities and facts related to the "gamer" world. The channel is updated less frequently than the main channel Did You Know?.

In the beginning, Lukas Marques and Daniel Mologni had a blog together, called "Calma, Cara", which gathered daily news. After high school Daniel Mologni and Lukas Marques moved, getting back together again after two years at a "YouPix event." In the beginning, videos were recorded remotely and joined during editing. With the growth of the channel, the duo moved to São Paulo where the production began to become professionalized.


Cusano Milanino

Cusano Milanino is an Italian city in Lombardy. It is about 13 kilometers far from the center of Milan. About 18,000 people live there.

Cusano is the birthplace of former football player and coach Giovanni Trapattoni.

Cesano Boscone

Cesano Boscone is a city in northern Italy. It is in the Lombardy Region. About 23,000 people live there.

Glamondans

Glamondans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gondenans-les-Moulins

Gondenans-les-Moulins is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gondenans-Montby

Gondenans-Montby is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gonsans

Gonsans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gouhelans

Gouhelans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Goux-sous-Landet

Goux-sous-Landet is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Yerres

Yerres is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. In 2019, 29,318 people lived there.

The commune is in the southeastern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Vigneux-sur-Seine

Vigneux-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. In 2019, 31,394 people lived there.

The commune is in the southern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Nonantola

Nonantola is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna. About 15,000 people live there.

Nonantola Abbey a Benedictine monastery, was founded in 752 by the Lombard duke of Friuli, St. Anselm.

Besate

Besate is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Magenta, Lombardy

Magenta is a city in northern Italy. Magenta is in the Lombardy Region. About 25,000 people live there.

The city is notable as the site of the Battle of Magenta in 1859. The color magenta comes its name from the battle.

Magenta is the birthplace of Saint Gianna Beretta Molla (1922–1962) and movie producer Carlo Ponti (1912–2007).

Magenta is twinned with:

Ladonia

Ladonia () is a micronation, proclaimed in 1996 as the result of a years-long court battle between artist Lars Vilks and local authorities over two sculptures. The claimed territory is part of the natural reserve of in southern Sweden.

Magenta, Marne

Magenta is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.

In 2019, 1,697 people lived there. It was named after the 1859 Battle of Magenta, now in Italy.

Magenta is twinned with:


Grandfontaine, Doubs

Grandfontaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Grange, Doubs

La Grange is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Grosbois

Grosbois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Guillon-les-Bains

Guillon-les-Bains is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Guyans-Durnes

Guyans-Durnes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

L'Hôpital-du-Grosbois

L'Hôpital-du-Grosbois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Malans, Doubs

Malans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Malans (disambiguation)

Malans is the name of the following municipalities:

L'Hôpital-Saint-Lieffroy

L'Hôpital-Saint-Lieffroy is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Huanne-Montmartin

Huanne-Montmartin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Hyèvre-Magny

Hyèvre-Magny is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Hyèvre-Paroisse

Hyèvre-Paroisse is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

How to Hook Up Your Home Theater

How to Hook Up Your Home Theater is a 2007 American animated comedy short movie.

Ranco

Ranco is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is on the southeastern shore of Lake Maggiore.

Lesa

Lesa is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont. It is on the western shore of Lake Maggiore.

Nebbiuno

Nebbiuno is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Sestriere

Sestriere is a ski resort in Piedmont, Italy and a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin.

Sestriere was a main venue during the 2006 Winter Olympic Games and the 2006 Winter Paralympics, hosting all the men's alpine skiing competitions and being the site of one of the three Olympic Villages. It is a part of the Via Lattea (Milky Way) ski area in Italy, where the 2006 Winter Olympics were held.

Cerano d'Intelvi

Cerano d'Intelvi is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Cerano

Cerano is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Castelletto sopra Ticino

Castelletto sopra Ticino is a "comune" in the Province of Novara in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Savigliano

Savigliano is a city in northern Italy. Savigliano is in the Piedmont Region. About 21,000 people live there.

Scinax strussmannae

Strüssmann’s snouted tree frog ("Scinax strussmannae") is a frog. It lives in rainforests in Brazil where the trees grow close together. For example, it lives in Nacentes do Lago Jari National Park.

The adult male frog is 20.2 to 22.5 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin on its back is yellow to bronze in color. There are small spots on its back and legs. There is a red stripe in the iris of its eye. The male frog sings in two different ways.

Galbiate

Galbiate is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Lago di Annone is on its borders.

Airuno

Airuno is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Olginate

Olginate is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Cisano Bergamasco

Cisano Bergamasco is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Iseo, Lombardy

Iseo is a "comune" in the Province of Brescia in the Italian region of Lombardy, on the south shore of Lake Iseo.

Germignaga

Germignaga is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Brissago-Valtravaglia

Brissago-Valtravaglia is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Corsico

Corsico is a city in northern Italy. It is next to Milan. Corsico is in the Lombardy Region. About 35,000 people live there.

24 (season 4)

Day 4 is the name of the fourth season of the television series 24. The story covers a  day that starts and ends at 7 AM.

The season starts with a train bombing. The bombing is used to get a device to control nuclear power plants. Terrorists kidnap Secretary of Defense James  Heller and his daughter, Audrey Raines. They plan to kill Heller on the internet to get past internet firewalls to use the device. Bauer stops them from killing Heller, but the terrorists gain control of power plants. Eventually, CTU gets control of most plants. CTU learns that the terrorist behind the events is Habib Marwan. He worked for McLennan-Forrester. The company sets off an EMP to destroy evidence of the terrorist. Later, terrorists get a stealth fighter and shoot down Air Force One. President Keeler cannot serve, and Vice-President Logan becomes president. Marwan's terror cells steal the nuclear football from the site of the crash of Air Force One. Jack finds evidence leading him to the Chinese consulate. At the consulate, the Chinese consul is killed in a gunfight. CTU eventually stops the missile, but Jack and his friends must fake his death. In the end, Jack is a fugitive from the US and Chinese governments.  





The season received positive reviews by critics. It has a rating of 95% on Rotten Tomatoes. Commentators were critical of the portrayal of torture on the program. They question if acts of torture are becoming more normal and therefore they are becoming justifiable .

Acqui Terme

Acqui Terme is an Italian city in Piedmont. About 20,000 people live there.

Burford

Burford is a town on the River Windrush, in West Oxfordshire district, Oxfordshire, England. In 2011, 1,422 people live in Burford.

Bodio Lomnago

Bodio Lomnago is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Bondues

Bondues is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 9,808 people lived there.


Malbrans

Malbrans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Carlin, Nevada

Carlin is a city near the western border of Elko County in northeast Nevada. It is west of the city of Elko. At the 2020 census, 2,050 people lived there.

Oschatz

Oschatz is a town in Nordsachsen, in Saxony, Germany. It is 60 km east of Leipzig and 60 km west of Dresden.

Oschatz contains the following 14 districts:

Bjelovar

Bjelovar is a city in central Croatia. It is the capital of Bjelovar-Bilogora County. In 2011, 40,276 people lived there.

Slavonski Brod

Slavonski Brod is a city in eastern Croatia, near the border with Bosnia and Herzegovina. It is the capital of Brod-Posavina County. In 2011, 59,141 people lived there.

Cenans

Cenans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Haute-Saône department in east France.

Foucherans, Doubs

Foucherans is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Tarcenay-Foucherans.

Tarcenay

Tarcenay is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Tarcenay-Foucherans.

Tarcenay-Foucherans

Tarcenay-Foucherans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Tarcenay (the seat) and Foucherans.

Admission to practice law

Lawyers are given permission to practice law when they get a license to practice law. There are two types of lawyers, barristers and solicitors. Barristers have to get admission to the bar, but solicitors have to get different certificates. 

In the United States, there is only one type of lawyer, but there used to be two types until the American Bar Association chose to only have one in 1921. By 1980, only Mississippi, Montana, South Dakota, West Virginia, and Wisconsin still had two types of lawyers. , Wisconsin is the only state that still has two types of lawyers.

L'Isle-sur-le-Doubs

L'Isle-sur-le-Doubs is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Issans

Issans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Jallerange

Jallerange is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The commune is west of Besançon.

Laire

Laire is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Raynans

Raynans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Laissey

Laissey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Saint-Vit

Saint-Vit is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Military discharge

A soldier is given a military discharge when they can leave the military. There are two types of military discharges, dishonorable discharges, and honorable discharges. Soldiers are dishonorably discharged when they do very immoral things, like rape, murder, and war crimes. Soldiers are honorably discharged when they can't fight anymore, like if they get shot.


Much, North Rhine-Westphalia

Much is a municipality in Rhein-Sieg in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is about 30 km northeast of Bonn and 20 km southwest of Gummersbach.


Würselen

Würselen is a town in Aachen in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is next to the city of Aachen. About 38,000 people live there.

Lanans

Lanans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Lantenne-Vertière

Lantenne-Vertière is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Larnod

Larnod is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Lavans-Quingey

Lavans-Quingey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

22nd Infantry Regiment (United States)

The 22nd Infantry Regiment is a regiment of the United States Army. Its headquarters is in Fort Drum, New York. It started in 1812.

Leggiuno

Leggiuno is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Former football player Luigi Riva was born here.

The "frazione" of Reno is home to the hermitage of Santa Caterina del Sasso, which overlooks Lake Maggiore.

ShoeDazzle

ShoeDazzle is an American online fashion subscription service. It is based in El Segundo, California. Each month, the company debuts a selection of shoes, handbags and jewelry. It provides its members with a showroom based on their fashion preferences.

The company was founded by Kim Kardashian, Brian Lee, Robert Shapiro and M.J. Eng in 2009. In August 2013, ShoeDazzle was acquired by rival online fashion subscription service JustFab. The two companies continued to run independently as separate brands.

Lavans-Vuillafans

Lavans-Vuillafans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Lavernay

Lavernay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Grace Potter

Grace Evelyn Potter (born June 20, 1983 in Waitsfield, Vermont) is an American singer-songwriter and musician. She formed Grace Potter and the Nocturnals in 2002. Potter released her first solo album "Original Soul" on 2004. Her band ended in 2015. This was just before the release of her solo album, "Midnight". Her third album, "Daylight", was released in 2019. In 2011, she helped found Grand Point North music festival in Burlington, Vermont. The festival celebrates local acts and promotes area businesses. Many national performing artists have performed at the festival. These include Kenny Chesney, Jackson Browne, Nathaniel Rateliff, The Flaming Lips, Trampled By Turtles and Gov't Mule.

Liebvillers

Liebvillers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Exene Cervenka

Exene Cervenka (born Christene Lee Cervenka; February 1, 1956) is an American singer, artist, and poet. She is best known for her work as a singer in the California punk rock band X.


Liesle

Liesle is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Ashley Iaconetti

Ashley Nicole Iaconetti Haibon (born March 6, 1988) is an American television personality and journalist. She is notable for being a contestant on several series in "The Bachelor" television franchise, including "The Bachelor", "Bachelor in Paradise" and "The Bachelor Winter Games".

Ashley Spencer (actress)

Ashley Spencer (born March 8, 1985) is an American actress, singer, and dancer. Most of her acting is on stage. She had performed on Broadway in Grease"," "Hairspray" and "Rock of Ages". Spencer was a contestant on the 2007 NBC program She was the understudy for Barbie in the Barbie in Fairytopi atour. On that tour, she sang and danced ballet.

Melissa Mark-Viverito

Melissa Mark-Viverito (born April 1, 1969) is an American Democratic politician. She was the speaker of the New York City Council from 2014 to 2017. She was a member of the council for the 8th district from 2006 to 2017.

Rozzano

Rozzano is an Italian city in Lombardy. It is next to Milan. About 40,000 people live there.

Tami Roman

Tamisha Akbar (born April 17, 1970) better known as Tami Roman, is an American television personality, model, businesswoman and actress. Roman first gained fame on "" in 1993. After making cameo appearances and starring in supporting roles in some television programs and movies in the 1990s and 2000s, Roman became one of the stars of Vh1's "Basketball Wives".

Giuliano Poletti

Giuliano Poletti (pronunciation: [dʒuˈljaːno poˈletti]; born 19 November 1951) is an Italian politician. He was appointed Minister of Labour and Social Policies on 22 February 2014 by Prime Minister Matteo Renzi. Poletti also served in the cabinet of former Prime Minister Paolo Gentiloni.

Zibido San Giacomo

Zidibo San Giacomo is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Laveno-Mombello

Laveno-Mombello is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Cittiglio

Cittiglio is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Grand Army of the Republic

The Grand Army of the Republic (GAR) was a fraternal organization for veterans that were in the Union Army (United States Army), Union Navy (U.S. Navy), and the Marines during the American Civil War. It started in 1866 in Springfield, Illinois. It ended in 1956 when its last member, Albert Woolson (1850–1956), died.


Saltrio

Saltrio is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Luxiol

Luxiol is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Frederick Lansing

Frederick Lansing (February 16, 1838 – January 31, 1894) was a U.S. Representative from New York.

Frederick Lansing was born in Manheim, New York. Lansing attended the Little Falls Academy, New York as a boy. Lansing studied law. He was admitted to the bar in 1859, and practiced in Watertown, New York. He was adjutant of the Eighth New York Cavalry during the American Civil War from June 23, 1863 to October 11, 1863. He was a member of the New York State Senate from 1882 to 1885, and he was part of the 105th, 106th, 107th and 108th New York State Legislatures.

Lansing was elected as a Republican to the 51st United States Congress on March 4, 1889, and left on March 3, 1891.

He died on January 31, 1894 in Watertown, New York, and was buried in Brookside Cemetery.

Emmet Brickowski

Emmet Joseph Brickowski, later known by his alter-ego Radical Emmet Xtreme "Rex" Dangervest, is a Lego minifigure character in the "Lego Movie" franchise and the protagonist of "The Lego Movie" (2014) and its sequel, "" (2019). He starts out as an everyman construction worker in his home city of Bricksburg, and later, unexpectedly, becomes "The Special" Master Builder.

Emmet is basically a regular, mediocre guy, kind, humorous, and very light-hearted (up-beat). To him, everything in the world, even the negative things, are "awesome", which is the purpose of the song "Everything Is Awesome", which is his favorite song. He lives in an apartment with no one to hang around with except for "Planty", a potted green plant that Emmet claims as a pet, along with other junk objects. Nevertheless, Emmet still has some nice friends; his neighbors and co-workers in his job of construction, though he is mostly unrecognized and ignored. To satisfy himself, he follows what appears to be a very long, almost endless, list of instructions that show him how to fit in with everyone in the world and always be happy.

Emmet eventually and unexpectedly discovers that he was chosen by the prophecy of "The Special" Master Builder, proclaimed by wizard Master Builder Vitruvius, to find the Piece of Resistance to save the Lego World and stop the evil Lord Business. In addition, he meets his future girlfriend, Lucy (aka "Wyldstyle").

At first, Emmet is stubborn and constantly fails to do things right when they have to be, being used to following instructions, unimpressive to the Master Builders. But when he discovers that everything in the Lego world is from the imagination of a child with amazing creativity, he finds his own inner power of creativity and becomes a true Master Builder. He is sent back to the Lego world where he makes a speech to Lord Business and saves the world celebrating with his new friends. Wyldstyle becomes his girlfriend, with Batman's blessing, at the end of the film.

In the sequel, Emmet must use his Master Builder skills to save his friends from a new danger. It turns out Emmet maintains his livelihood and is unaffected by the aftermath of the Duplo invasion unlike everyone else in Bricksburg (now called "Apocalypseburg"). Emmet also wants to have a bright future with Lucy, but Lucy disagrees due to the fact that everything is rather bleak than awesome. After Lucy and his friends are abducted by General Sweet Mayhem (Stephanie Beatriz) of the Systar System, under the orders of shape-shifter Queen Watevra Wa'Nabi (Tiffany Haddish), he meets Rex Dangervest (Radical Emmet Xtreme), a galaxy defending (referencing Peter Jason Quill from "Guardians of the Galaxy") archaeologist (in turn to the speculation that Chris Pratt was to be the next Indiana Jones), cowboy (referencing Josh Faraday from "The Magnificent Seven"), and raptor trainer (referencing Owen Grady from "Jurassic World"), who is later revealed to be a version of Emmet from the future, as a time-traveler.

After he destroys the cake wedding of Wa'Nabi and Batman, Emmet realizes the real intentions of Rex Dangervest, and Rex knocks him under the same dryer to ensure his existence where he and Rex began to fight but Rex defeats him by breaking him in half, but Lucy rallies the others into escaping from the storage bin (bringing them back into the LEGO world), and rescues him from Rex. They both overpower Rex and destroy his time machine and he is erased from existence. The LEGO universe is transformed into a mix-up of Apocalypseburg and the Systar System called "Syspocalypstar" which is peaceful. Emmet's dream house is rebuilt and Lucy reveals that she was one of the original artists of "Everything Is Awesome", much to Emmet's surprise.

It was initially rumored that Emmet was going to have a sister in the second film, but around a month before its release, it was denied and the sister role ultimately went to Bianca.

Emmet's first, and so far only, appearance in films not related to the original story was in the first spin-off film, "The Lego Batman Movie". In the beginning of the film when a local Gotham News Anchorman is explaining the results of Joker's bomb blast, footage of Emmet falling into the Infinite Abyss of Nothingness is shown to illustrate what would happen.

Emmet appears as the protagonist in the game, voiced by Keith Ferguson. He has several variants of himself, which can be used as entertainment or disguises required to make progress in a level.

Emmet appears again as the protagonist in this game, but this time voiced by A.J. Locascio. Like the first film's game, he has several variants of himself, which can be used as entertainment or disguises required to make progress in a level.

Emmet appears as a playable character in "Lego Dimensions". His Fun Pack also includes his excavator. Chris Pratt reprises his role.

Emmet has also been portrayed in other uses of popular media.

He appears in three episodes of the YouTube series "How It Should Have Ended" (HISHE): "The LEGO HISHE", "The LEGO HISHE 2 - The Alternate Ending" and "Lego Batman Is Jelly". In "The LEGO HISHE", Emmet is seen defeating the Duplo Aliens and saying hello to Lego Superman and Batman in the café. In "The LEGO HISHE 2 - The Alternate Ending", he is seen with other characters from the first movie in an alternate ending to the film where they have President Business jailed for his crimes, despite his change of heart. In "Lego Batman Is Jelly", Emmet appears to be disguised as Star-Lord (referencing their shared actor, Chris Pratt) as his "secret identity" after hanging around at a park playing banjo before going through "recreation".

Emmet and Lucy make an appearance in a 2014 episode of "The Simpsons", "Brick Like Me".

According to the first film's script, Emmet is 22 years of age, thus making him 27 in the sequel if accepted, with his year of birth as 1992. This would have meant that Emmet was about 13.5 years old when Lord Business stole the Kragle, as Emmet found the Piece of Resistance eight-and-a-half years later.

Despite being credited as so in the end credits of "The Lego Movie", Emmet's surname "Brickowski" is barely mentioned throughout the storyline of the franchise. In one scene from "The Lego Movie", Lord Business briefly refers to Emmet as "Brickowski", although this at first could have been interpreted as a clever insult. In "The Lego Movie 2: The Second Part", Rex Dangervest calls Emmet by his first name and surname, and jokes about it stating, "you're the reason I started wearing vests."

Although it is seen as a clever pun on a real person's surname ending in "-owski" (with "Brick-" coming from a Lego brick), Emmet's surname is believed to have drawn inspiration from former NBA player Frank Brickowski.

Emily Rutherfurd

Emily Kernan Rutherfurd (born September 18, 1974) is an American actress. She played Christine "New Christine" Hunter in the CBS sitcom, "The New Adventures of Old Christine" from 2006 to 2010.

Tepuihyla

Tepuihyla is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae. People call them Amazon tree frogs or Tepui tree frogs in English. They live in mountains in eastern and south-eastern Venezuela and Guyana. Scientists also think they may live in Brazil. A tepui is a table-shaped mountain. There are tepuis in the Guiana Highlands.

These species are in this genus:

Yggdra Union: We'll Never Fight Alone

Yggdra Union: We'll Never Fight Alone," known in Japan as simply Yggdra Union", is a tactical role playing video game developed and published by Sting Entertainment. In other countries, "Yggdra Union" was published by Atlus in North America and 505 Games in Europe. Originnaly released on Game Boy Advance. Later ported to PlayStation Portable in 2007. It is the second installment of the "Dept. Heaven" series, after the first game "" released.

The game has followed by sequel called "Yggdra Unison: Seiken Buyuuden", that released exclusively on Nintendo DS in 2009.

The Hotel New Hampshire (movie)

The Hotel New Hampshire is a 1984 British American Canadian comedy-drama movie directed by Tony Richardson and was based on the 1981 novel of the same name by John Irving. It stars Rob Lowe, Jodie Foster, Beau Bridges, Nastassja Kinski, Amanda Plummer, Matthew Modine, Seth Green, Wallace Shawn and was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Artdink

The company began in June 21, 1986, and it was founded by Tatsuo Nagahama. The Artdink spiritual successor series "A-Train" series (better known as "A Ressha de Ikou" in Japan) released for the PC and Amiga, which was published by "SimCity" creators Maxis.

The other games developed by Artdink is; "Aquanaut's Holiday" (Sony), "Carnage Heart" (Sony), "Turnabout" (Natsume/Zoo Digital), "Tail of The Sun" (Sony), "AIV: Global Evolution" (Maxis), and "No One Canm Stop Mr. Domino!" (Acclaim/JVC Music Europe) for the PlayStation.

In 2022, Artdink was joined together with Square Enix, that released new title "Triangle Strategy" for Nintendo Switch.


The Last Guardian

The Last Guardian sometimes known as Hitoki no Ōwashi Trico in Japan is an action-adventure role-playing video game developed by Japan Studio and GenDesign and published by Sony Interactive Entertainment.

"The Last Guardian" was planned released for PlayStation 3, but later the game has been removed into PlayStation 4. The game was created by Team Ico (who has publishing "Ico" for PlayStation 2 in 2001).

Just like the two prevolious games "Ico" (2001) and "Shadow of the Colossus" (2005), "The Last Guardian" takes player to finished the puzzle as to solved puzzles and explore the next areas.

The boy can climb on structures, carry objects such as barrels, and operated mechanism such as levers. Trico's size and agility allows it to through ands fight off against guards who attempt to capture that boy.

The player is returned to the last checkpoint if Trico is captured by guards, or if he falls from too great heights.

Big government

Big government means a government system which many people think of as either too large or too intrusive. Policies that are usually described as Big Government include laws on food (such as New York City's laws on soft drink sizes), laws on morality (like those against prostitution or drugs), or policies that seek centralization. 

A similar idea is Big Brother for an intrusive surveillance state.

Similar terms are parent government, nanny state (especially in British English), and managerial state.


Corporate welfare

Corporate welfare is a term for the subsidies, bailouts grants, etc bestowed by a country's government to major corporations, usually at the expense of small business and the rest of society. The corporations likeliest to receive these bailouts are banks, insurance companies (especially health insurance companies), car dealerships and a few others, especially during recessions.

Crony capitalism

Corporate cronyism also called crony capitalism or controlled capitalism is an economic system in which big businesses engage in lobbying for policies that stifle competition.

Lemon socialism

Lemon socialism is a pejorative term for government policies that subsidize or prop up large failing businesses, which are the lemon (product)s.

Health insurance

Health insurance is a form of insurance which pays for medical care. Exactly what such plans cover varies. There's "bare bones" insurance policies that don't pay for much more than emergency lifesaving treatments, and at the opposite side of the scale are plans that include everything except for elective procedures like plastic surgery.

Managerial state

The managerial state a concept critical of modern progressive democracy and Keynesian economics in which the government "micromanages" everything.

Rhodesia (1964–1965)

Rhodesia was short lived British colony that existed from October 24, 1964 until Rhodesia's UDI on November 11, 1965.

After Northern Rhodesia became independent as Zambia on October 24, 1964, Southern Rhodesia became simply known as Rhodesia because Northern Rhodesia no longer exists.

Dealership

A dealership is a type of business which sells certain items. These items may include automobiles, boats, other vehicles, manufactured homes or appliances.

Car dealerships are a very common form of dealership. The often sell either new or used automobiles. They will often also provide repairs to vehicles. New car dealerships most often only sell and repair vehicles from a specific maker. Used car dealership will often sell vehicles from many different makers and are less likely to provide repairs.

Manufactured home

A manufactured home is a house, such as a mobile home or modular home built in a factory. Manufactured homes are usually much less expensive than their site-built counterparts and they're quicker to build.

Modular home

A modular home is a house constructed in segments in a factory and then assembled on site. Modular homes differ from mobile homes in that modulars are built to a standard comparable to site-built houses and thus can have multiple storeys.

Lemon law

Lemon laws are government policies that provide remedies for consumers who unknowingly purchase defective or dangerous items (called "lemons"). Lemon laws particularly concern appliances, vehicles and other big ticket items.
Lemon (product)

Too big to fail

Too big to fail or too big to jail is a theory of economics as well as a pejorative term for corporate welfare supposedly being necessary because the businesses that receive it are considered so vital to the economy that should they fail and go under, the whole economic system might fall apart.

Lemon (product)

A lemon in business is a name for a product that is defective, unreasonably unsafe, counterfeit, etc.

Statism

Statism is any one of a range of doctrines and ideologies that the legal and political power of the state (and its monopoly on the legal use of force) is not only legitimate, but desirable. This contrasts with libertarianism and anarchism.

Monopoly on violence

The monopoly on the legal use of force, monopoly on violence or monopoly on legitimate violence is the property of a polity or government/state that differentiates it for all over organizations in a given territory. This monopoly upholds a government's sovereignty and jurisdiction and makes it the only organization that can legally imprison, tax, etc. Without such coercion, a state ceases to be a state. The social contract theory suggests a government's monopoly on the legal use of force is derived from the "consent of the governed".

Alagna Valsesia

Alagna Valsesia (Walser German: "Im Land", Piedmontese: "Alagna", Valsesiano: "Lagna") is a "comune" and small village high in the Valsesia alpine valley in the province of Vercelli, Piedmont, northern Italy. It is a tourist site for mountaineering and winter sports, and it is internationally known for the freeride off-piste skiing. It is at an elevation of just south of the Monte Rosa.

It was originally settled by Walser at the beginning of the 12th century.

On 1 January 2019, Riva Valdobbia was an independent comune merged to form the neighboring municipality of Alagna Valsesia.


Coercion

Coercion is using force or the threat of force to make somebody do something against their will. Types of coercion include extortion, robbery, blackmail, sexual assault/rape, etc.

Riva Valdobbia

Riva Valdobbia is a "frazione" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont. It is about north of Turin and about northwest of Vercelli. It's an Italian village of 265 people in the upper Valsesia, in the province of Vercelli, in Piedmont.

On 1 January 2019, it was an independent comune merged to form the neighboring municipality of Alagna Valsesia.

Deep state

The deep state is the organs of a government that operate in secret on potentially unauthorized networks, secret sites, etc. The concept is related to the deep web.


Shadow government

The shadow government, cryptocracy, invisible government or secret government is a conspiracy theory based on the notion that true political power resides not in the possession of elected officials, but private, secret organizations like a secret society, think tanks, intelligence agencies, etc.

It's All About Love

It's All About Love is a 2003 international science fiction romantic drama movie directed by Thomas Vinterberg and starring Joaquin Phoenix, Claire Danes, Sean Penn, Douglas Henshall, Alun Armstrong, Mark Strong. It did very poorly with critics.


Small government

Small government or limited government is a principle and theory about government systems that have minimal intervention into the lives of the citizenry.

Mass surveillance

The surveillance state, or mass surveillance is the intricate, invasive and constant surveillance of a large population by a government. 

People like Edward Snowdon and Bradley Manning have warned others about it.

Gaspard-Gustave de Coriolis

Gaspard-Gustave de Coriolis was a French mathematician, mechanical engineer and scientist. He is best known for his work on the supplementary forces that are detected in a rotating frame of reference, leading to the Coriolis effect.

Albano Vercellese

Albano Vercellese is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Alice Castello

Alice Castello is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Alto Sermenza

Alto Sermenza is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont. It was created on 1 January 2018 from the former municipalities of Rima San Giuseppe and Rimasco.

Rima San Giuseppe

Rima San Giuseppe is a "frazione" of Alto Sermenza in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Rimasco

Rimasco is a "frazione" of Alto Sermenza in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Arborio, Piedmont

Arborio is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Asigliano Vercellese

Asigliano Vercellese is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont. It is about northeast of Turin and about south of Vercelli.

Balmuccia

Balmuccia is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Balocco

Balocco is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont. It is the home of the Circuito di Balocco road-testing track.


Bianzè

Bianzè is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Borgo Vercelli

Borgo Vercelli is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Borgo d'Ale

Borgo d'Ale is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Buronzo

Buronzo is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Campertogno

Campertogno is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Caresana

Caresana is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Fobello

Fobello is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont. It is about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Vercelli.

Fobello is next to these municipalities: Alto Sermenza, Bannio Anzino, Carcoforo, Cervatto, Cravagliana, Rimella, and Rossa.

Automobile engineers Vincenzo Lancia (1881–1937) and his son Gianni Lancia (1924–2014) were born here.


Cervatto

Cervatto is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Caresanablot

Caresanablot is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Carisio

Carisio is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Wildcats (movie)

Wildcats is a 1986 American sports comedy movie directed by Michael Ritchie and starring Goldie Hawn, Wesley Snipes, Swoosie Kurtz, Robyn Lively, Jan Hooks, James Keach, Woody Harrelson, LL Cool J, Gloria Stuart, Niki Corri. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Casanova Elvo

Casanova Elvo is a "comune" in the Province of Vercelli in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Prettau

Prettau () is a "comune" in South Tyrol in Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol, Italy. It is the northernmost comune of Italy, on the border with Austria.


Segrate

Segrate is a city in northern Italy, next to Milan. Segrate is in the Lombardy Region. About 35,000 people live there. It is known for its mosque.

Alistair Ifill

Alistair Fitzwarren Ifill was born 12 September, 1976 in Georgetown. He is a cricketer who played 11 Twenty20 Internationals for the Cayman Islands.

Ted Raimi

Theodore Raimi (born December 14, 1965) is an American actor, director, comedian, and writer. He is known for his roles in the works of his brother Sam Raimi. He played Ted Hoffman in the "Spider-Man" trilogy. 

The Quarry (video game)

The Quarry is an interactive drama horror video game. It was developed by Supermassive Games and published by 2K Games. It is the spiritual successor to "Until Dawn" (2015). It was released for Windows, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One and Xbox Series X and Series S in June 2022. 

Actors who have voice roles in the game are David Arquette, Siobhan Williams, Lin Shaye, Lance Henriksen, Grace Zabriskie, Ted Raimi, Ariel Winter, Ethan Suplee, Miles Robbins, Halston Sage, Zach Tinker, Brenda Song, Skyler Gisondo, Evan Evagora, and Justice Smith.

The game had over 1,000 pages in its script, and the game has a total of 186 different endings.

Antonio La Forgia

Antonio La Forgia (24 December 1944 – 10 June 2022) was an Italian politician. He was born in Forlì, Italy. From 1996 to 1999, he was president of Emilia-Romagna and of the Emilia-Romagna Legislative Assembly from 2000 to 2005. From 2006 to 2013, he was deputy. He was a member of the Democratic Party. 

La Forgia died in Bologna, Italy on 10 June 2022 at the age of 77.

Yuri Mamonov

Yuri Vasilyevich Mamonov (; 18 February 1958 – 11 June 2022) was a Russian politician. He was a Deputy of the State Duma for its 3rd convocation, between 2000 and 2003. Moamonov was born in Moscow, Russia. He was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party of Russia.

Mamonov died on 11 June 2022 at his house in Moscow, aged 64.

Bernd Bransch

Bernd Bransch (24 September 1944 – 11 June 2022) was a German footballer. He was born in Halle, Saxony-Anhalt, East Germany. In 1972, he won an Olympic bronze medal. In 1976, he won a gold medal. He played for the East Germany national football team from 1967 until 1976, making sixty-four appearances. 

Bransch died on 11 June 2022 at the age of 77.

Pride (2014 movie)

Pride is a 2014 British historical comedy-drama movie written by Stephen Beresford and directed by Matthew Warchus. It based on the true story of a group of lesbian and gay activists who raised money to help families affected by the British miners' strike in 1984, which would become the Lesbians and Gays Support the Miners campaign. It stars Bill Nighy, Imelda Staunton, Dominic West, Paddy Considine, Andrew Scott, George MacKay, Joseph Gilgun and Ben Schnetzer.

The movie was nominated for the Golden Globe Award for Best Motion Picture – Musical or Comedy and three BAFTA Awards. It was released on 12 September 2014.

Scinax ruberoculatus

The red-eyed snouted tree frog ("Scinax ruberoculatus") is a frog. It lives in forests in Brazil, Suriname, and French Guiana.

The red-eyed snouted tree frog is smaller than other frogs in "Scinax". The adult male frog is 22.6–25.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 25.4–27.5 mm long. This frog is light gray or light brown in color, with a dark spot on its head. The scientists wrote that this spot looked like a human back tooth or like a moth to them. There is an off-white stripe on each side of the body. The upper half of the iris of the eye is red in color and the bottom half of the iris is gray in color. The belly is whitish.

The tadpole is about 22.2 mm long, with the tail. The body is bronze in color with darker brown spots. Young frogs are gray with darker spots. The irises of their eyes are red all around with black color around the iris.

The name "ruberoculatus" comes from the Latin words "ruber" for "red" and "oculatus" for "having eyes."

Tetris 99

Arika would later develop similar games called "Super Mario Bros. 35" and "Pac-Man 99", which instead involve the games "Super Mario Bros." and "Pac-Man".

La Vetta

La Vetta (or "The Ice Queen") is a symbolist work by Cesare Saccaggi. It was first shown at the 10th International Art Exhibition in Venice in 1912. It is currently kept in the painting gallery of the Cassa di Risparmio Foundation in Tortona.

The picture shows a human figure, with an edelweiss. In the background, snow-covered mountains can be seen. An exhausted young man tries to hold on to this figure. This scene is typical for the German philiosophy of the 19th century. It illustrates the concept of effort ("Streben"). The main figure shows the unattainable goal. The young man symbolisess the eternal desire to surpass himself. 



LGBTQ Pride Month

Pride Month is a thematic month where special attention is paid to the emancipation and acceptance of gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender, "queer", or questioning (LGBTQ) people.

In the United States, June is "LGBTQI+ Pride Month", given the Stonewall riots that took place in New York City in late June 1969, which was a huge boost to the LGBTI+ civil and liberation movements. LGBTQ+ marches and parades have taken place in many American cities since the 1970s, which were followed in many Western countries, although not always in late June.

Since 2012, the Google Search has displayed a rainbow-colored decor that changes annually for LGBT-related searches during Pride Month.

Since 1999, Democratic Presidents Clinton, Obama, and Biden have officially declared "Pride Month" in June"." Republican President Trump did this in 2019 via Twitter. During this month, many American organizations, institutions and companies are paying attention to LGBT+ issues, including through public and "marketing" campaigns. However, this can also involve queerbaiting, pinkwashing, and rainbow capitalism.

Despite June being Pride Month, in the United Kingdom many pride events are held in July, August and September.

Prefectures of China

In the People's Republic of China, provinces are broken into areas called prefectures. They are a kind of administrative division.

Prefectures are the "second-level divisions" of China. First, the country is broken into provinces and autonomous regions. Second, provinces and autonomous regions are broken into prefectures of various kinds. Third, prefectures are broken into counties. Fourth, counties are broken into towns and subdistricts.

Any second-level division of China can be called a prefecture. However, prefecture also means a particular kind of second-level division. For this reason, second-level divisions are also called prefecture-level divisions.

The kinds of prefecture-level divisions include:


Ion Plus

Ion Plus is an American TV network owned by Ion Media. It operated as a network available through an antenna or cable TV until February 28, 2021. The network originally launched in 2007 as Ion Life. The network featured home decoration, health, cooking, and travel shows. In 2019, Ion Media converted the network into a general entertainment format that matched that of parent network Ion Television, mainly showing crime drama shows. It then became Ion Life.

Under new ownership by the E. W. Scripps Company, the channel stopped being broadcast on February 28, 2021, as the new company preferred to bring over networks it already owned. Ion Plus and Qubo continues but is only available through smart TV services on television sets made by Vizio and Samsung and other free streaming services like The Roku Channel and Amazon Freevee.

Quaker Steak &amp; Lube

Quaker Steak & Lube is a casual dining restaurant chain based in Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania. The original restaurant was built in 1974 by George "Jig" Warren and Gary "Mo" Meszaros in an abandoned gas station in downtown Sharon, and decorated with license plates and old automobiles. Originally a "cook your own steak" establishment, Quaker Steak's signature dish is now its chicken wings and the variety of sauces used to season them.

Nick at Nite

Nick at Nite (stylized as nick@nite) is an American nighttime programming block. It is broadcast on the same channel as Nickelodeon. It usually broadcasts from 5 p.m. to 6 a.m. (Mondays-Fridays) 9 p.m. to 6 a.m. (Saturdays) 7 p.m. to 6 a.m. (Sundays)ET/PT. The block is marketed as a separate network from Nickelodeon for ratings purposes, similar to Cartoon Network, Adult Swim's late-night block.

Nick at Nite primarily appeals to adult and older youth audiences, mainly carrying syndicated sitcoms and films from as recent as the mid-2010s to the late 1980s.

Via Nickelodeon, Nick at Nite is available in 92.0 million households in North America as of January 2016.


Kristen McMenamy

Kristen McMenamy (born December 13, 1964) is an American model. Her career was boosted due to the grunge fashion trend.

Melanie Paxson

Melanie Deanne Paxson (née Moore; born September 26, 1972) is an American actress. 
She is known for her roles as Jaclyn in Cupid, Sara Brennan in Happy Family. Paxson also appeared in television commercials in the early 2000s.

Lauren Vélez

Luna Lauren Vélez (born November 2, 1964) is an American actress. 
She is the identical twin sister of actress Lorraine Vélez. 
Her most notable roles are as 

Candice Olson

Candice Olson (born October 27, 1964) is a Canadian designer. 
She was the television host of Divine Design and Candice Tells All.

Melissa Francis

Melissa Ann Francis (born December 12, 1972) is an American television news personality.
Francis has been as an anchor and commentator for the Fox Business Network and Fox News. She used to work as an actress.

Diana Taurasi

Diana Lorena Taurasi (born June 11, 1982) is an American professional basketball player. She plays for the Phoenix Mercury of the Women's National Basketball Association (WNBA). 

Taurasi grew up in Chino, California. Taurasi's father, Mario, was raised in Argentina. He was a professional soccer player in Italy and played for several years as a goalkeeper.

Following a good high school career, Taurasi enrolled at the University of Connecticut and began playing for the women's basketball team during the 2000–2001 season. Playing as point guard and shooting guard, she led the team to three consecutive NCAA championships. Leading up to the final championship, her coach, Geno Auriemma, would declare his likelihood of winning with the claim, "We have Diana, and you don't."

Mark Foster (swimmer)

Mark Andrew Foster (born 12 May 1970) is an English former competitive swimmer who represented Great Britain in the Olympics and world championships, and swam for England in the Commonwealth Games. Foster is a former world champion and won multiple medals in international competition during his long career. He competed primarily in butterfly and freestyle at 50 metres.

Pal's

Pal's Sudden Service, or Pal's for short, is a regional fast food restaurant chain. 
They are located in northeast Tennessee and southwestern Virginia. Their stores are concentrated in the Tri-Cities, Tennessee metro region. In 2020, the company had 30 locations.
The first Pal's opened in 1956 in Kingsport, Tennessee. Pal's CEO is Thom Crosby. 

1970s in American television

The decade of the 1970s saw big changes in television programming in the United States. The "family sitcoms" and rural programs stopped and more socially modern programs and "young, hip and urban" sitcoms started.

"The Red Skelton Show" and "The Ed Sullivan Show" were canceled after being broadcast for many decades. The "family sitcoms" of the 1950s and 1960s were replaced with newer ones like "The Brady Bunch". The series has been broadcast in syndication since 1974. Many children grew up with it. They think of the Bradys as the normal family in 1970s television. "I Dream of Jeannie" and "Bewitched" began to lose American interest. "I Dream of Jeannie" ended its run in 1970, followed by "Bewitched" in 1972. 

In 1971, CBS was being called the "Hillbilly Network" because the most of its hit shows were rural-oriented. It ended the shows "The Beverly Hillbillies", "Hee Haw", "Green Acres", "Mayberry RFD" and every program "that had a tree in it" as described by actor Pat Buttram. They were replaced with programs that appealed to younger urban viewers. Programming was called "social consciousness". It was lead by television producer Norman Lear. 

"All in the Family" ended television barriers. When the series was first broadcast in 1971, Americans heard the words "fag (short for "faggot")," "jigaboo," and "spic" on national television programming for the first time. "All in the Family" was a part of common dinner conversation in the country. Americans had not seen anything like it on television before. The program became the highest-rated program on U.S. television in the fall of 1971. It stayed in the top slot until 1976. "All in the Family" started a number of spin-offs, such as "Maude". It starred Bea Arthur. 

Maude was Edith Bunker's cousin and Archie's archenemy. She stood for everything liberal and was outspoken about civil rights and feminism. Like "All in the Family," Maude broke new ground in television. It presented American audiences with something they had never seen on television before when Maude said that she was planning to have an abortion. Maude was comfortable. She hired a black woman as her housekeeper. Maude's housekeeper, Florida Evans (played by Esther Rolle), became popular in her own right. She was given her own television series in 1974, "Good Times". The series starred John Amos and Rolle. "Good Times" was another hit for Lear. 

Lear developed two more programs in 1975. "The Jeffersons" is a spin-off of "All in the Family". Archie Bunker's black next-door neighbors moved to an apartment on the Upper East Side of Manhattan. "One Day at a Time" is about a single mother raising her two teenage daughters in Indianapolis.

With the rise in socially responsible programming, the television western slowly died out. The first programs to end were "The High Chaparral" and "The Virginian" in the spring of 1971. "Bonanza" ended a year after actor Dan Blocker died during surgery in 1972. CBS's "Gunsmoke" ended with a star-studded series finale in 1975. During this time, "Kung Fu", airing from 1972 to 1975, had a mix of Eastern philosophy and martial arts. "Bonanza" actor Michael Landon was on a television version of the popular children's book series "Little House on the Prairie". The series first aired in 1974 and ran for eight years. The competitor of the program was CBS's "The Waltons". It was about family unity during a different time and place (Virginia) during the Great Depression.

Medical programs were popular in the early 1970s. "Marcus Welby, M.D." was the first medical drama to deal with many subjects on television. The series aired for 7 seasons. "Emergency!" was also the first series ever to have both the paramedic and the emergency hospital. It starred Robert Fuller and Julie London. "M*A*S*H", starring Alan Alda, was about the days of the Korean War. It was a comedy drama.

By the mid-to-late 1970s, viewers no longer wanted socially responsible sitcoms. Former head of programming Fred Silverman left CBS and worked for ABC. He started the trend of TV about sexual gratification, humor and situations. It was nicknamed "jiggle television." Jiggle TV programs included the crime-fighting series "Charlie's Angels". It starred soon to be sex symbols Farrah Fawcett, Jaclyn Smith, and Kate Jackson

"Charlie's Angels" was one of many crime series during the 1970s. Another program, "Police Woman" was the first to have a female lead in the title role who also became a sex symbol. Other successful TV crime dramas included "The Streets of San Francisco", "Columbo", "Barnaby Jones", "The Rockford Files", "Starsky & Hutch" and "Kojak". The most popular was "Hawaii Five-O". For many years it was the longest-running crime show in the history of American television. Crime shows were then often criticized during the 1970s because they often had violent content. "CHiPs", an action-packed police-buddy show, first aired in 1977. The police rarely used their guns in the show. 

Science-fiction became more popular as the 1970s progressed. Many sci-fi programs were popular during this time. They included "The Six Million Dollar Man", "The Bionic Woman", "Battlestar Galactica", "Wonder Woman", "The Incredible Hulk" and "Fantasy Island".

Another popular medium in U.S. television moving into the 1970s was soap operas. They moved from being watched exclusively by housewives to having a sizable audience of men (who largely watched "The Edge of Night") and college students. The latter audience helped "All My Children" gain a devoted following, as it was on during many universities' traditional "lunch period." In a "TIME" article written in 1976, it was estimated that as many as 35 million households tuned into at least one soap opera each afternoon, the most popular being "As the World Turns". It routinely grabbed viewing figures of twelve million or higher each day.

The soap boom spawned a nighttime soap parody, "Mary Hartman, Mary Hartman". The parody made a star out of Louise Lasser, who played the eponymous heroine. A rising soap opera toward the decade's end was "Ryan's Hope". It built on the success of the movie "Rocky". Despite "Ryan's Hope" starting earlier, the show's success came a while after the movie's release. The serial was about an Irish-American family running a pub in New York City. Television critics liked its realistic portrayal of an "ethnic" middle-class family in a contemporary setting. The show's matriarch, played by Helen Gallagher, won two Daytime Emmys. "General Hospital", a soap that spent most of the decade with bad ratings, saw a rise in popularity around late 1978 due to its more youthful focus. It would not become a ratings giant until the 1980s.

ABC aired "Soap", a sitcom that parodied soap operas. It had one of the first gay characters on U.S. television. Many stations refused to air the series (another storyline consisted of heroine Corinne Tate, played by Diana Canova, lusting after a priest who eventually left the priesthood to marry her). The escapist "fantasy" genre started in 1977 with "The Love Boat". The series involved popular movie and television stars in guest roles as passengers on a luxury cruise liner that sailed up and down the Pacific Coast. It was followed in 1978 with "Fantasy Island", starring Ricardo Montalban and Hervé Villechaize. 

Daytime television had several game shows. They aired alongside soap operas during the mornings and afternoons. During the early years of the decade, "The Hollywood Squares" (NBC) was the most popular. It won numerous Emmy awards. Hosted by masterly emcee Peter Marshall, nine celebrities in a large tic-tac-toe board respond to questions. Contestants must state whether they "agree" or "disagree" with the answers. If they are correct, their "X"/"O" symbol lights up in the celeb's box. The first to get three in a row or a five-square wins. 

"Match Game" (CBS) was the most popular game show from 1973 to 1977. Fun between the panel and "ringmaster" host Gene Rayburn made it popular. At one point, it was the highest-rated daytime TV show in U.S. history. The show launched a spin-off, "Family Feud" (ABC). It was the #1 game show of the late 1970s. Two families squared off in assuming the most common answers to surveys of 100 people across the nation with such questions as, "name a public figure most Americans dislike." The simple idea was the main cause of its success. Other successful game shows during this decade included "The Price Is Right" (still on the air to this day), "Let's Make a Deal", "The $20,000 Pyramid", "The Gong Show", "The Newlywed Game", "Password", "Tattletales", "Tic Tac Dough", "Bowling for Dollars", "Break the Bank" and "The Joker's Wild".

Another influential genre was the television newscast. Each of the three television networks had widely recognizable and respected journalists on their newscasts: CBS anchor Walter Cronkite was voted "The Most Trusted Man in America" many times over. He led in the nightly ratings. NBC's John Chancellor and David Brinkley were a strong second, while ABC was in third place in the news department until the 1990s. It had a newscast with Howard K. Smith.

The success of the 1971 television movie "Duel" signaled the rise of movies produced specifically for television. Some featured a hero or heroine whose life was in jeopardy, while others were pilots for proposed TV series to be picked up by a network. Still others centered on the destructiveness of a certain disease, whether medical or social. "Roots" is a multi-part miniseries that ran on a number of consecutive nights in early 1977. It proved to be a huge hit in the ratings and thus paved the way for others of its kind like "Shogun" and "The Thorn Birds".

Variety shows carried on in the 1970s with "The Carol Burnett Show". With a repertory company that included Vicki Lawrence, Harvey Korman and Lyle Waggoner, the veterans' series ran well into the mid-1970s. NBC aired a variety show of its own, starring African-American comedian Flip Wilson. "The Flip Wilson Show" became a success and became the first show headed by an African-American comedian to become a ratings winner.

In 1971, while Fred Silverman was still working for CBS, he spotted singing duo Sonny & Cher doing a stand-up concert. He decided to turn it into a weekly variety show. In addition to some entertaining stand-up banter between the husband and wife, "The Sonny & Cher Comedy Hour" would also have skits and music (mostly sung by Cher). The show was a ratings winner from the first episode and ran for three years. It was followed shortly after by singing duo Tony Orlando and Dawn.

Another group of singers who received a variety show in the 1970s were two of the famous singing Osmonds—Donny and his sister Marie. Sid & Marty Krofft set to work on their series and "Donny & Marie" premiered on ABC in the winter of 1976. Although the show became very popular, the Osmonds were equally ridiculed for their wholesome image and Mormon moral reputation (on an episode of "Good Times", the lead character, Florida, listed three things in the world you just can't do, and one was "smile wider than Donny and Marie").

Many prime-time programs of the 1970s were run by independent producers, often in association with a major Hollywood studio. A particularly successful independent producer at the dawn of the decade was Quinn Martin. Martin produced crime shows such as "The Streets of San Francisco", "Cannon", and "Dan August". The latter show was a one-season cop series, starring Burt Reynolds, that would find greater popularity after its star had hit it big at the cinema. Martin's success faded during the last half of the decade. Norman Lear produced the socially relevant "All in the Family" as well as more innocuous fare such as "One Day at a Time". Jack Webb oversaw "Adam-12" and "Emergency!." Glen A. Larson produced a number of shows in association with Universal TV "("McCloud", "Switch", etc.), "while David Gerber made a name for himself with such fare as Police Woman and Police Story. The latter was a one-hour anthology series with no series regulars. Among 1970s TV producers, was Aaron Spelling. He would go on to be perhaps, according to an article written by Michael Idato for The Sydney Morning Herald, "the most prolific producer in TV history." Like Quinn Martin, Spelling was known for producing crime dramas (S.W.A.T., Starsky & Hutch). Spelling also produced more escapist shows like The Love Boat, Fantasy Island, and Charlie's Angels. There was also Family, a socially relevant hour-long series. It would win a number of Emmys during its four-year run. Spelling's success would continue well into the 1990s.


Ed, Edd n Eddy's Big Picture Show

Ed, Edd n Eddy's Big Picture Show is an animated road comedy television film that serves as the series finale of the animated series "Ed, Edd n Eddy".

It was produced by a.k.a. Cartoon. It premiered on Cartoon Network on November 8, 2009. Series creator Danny Antonucci directed the film and co-wrote it with Jay Batistan. "Big Picture Show" centers on an adventure that the adolescent Eddy takes his friends Ed and Edd on to find his older brother after their most recent money-making scheme leaves their cul-de-sac in a state of devastation that harms its other participants.

Antonucci and a.k.a. Cartoon spent two years working on the movie before it was finished in 2009. To focus more on this, he shortened the show's sixth season to two episode segments after getting approval from Cartoon Network to work on a movie. Its title characters are respectively voiced by Matt Hill, Sam Vincent and Tony Sampson while David Paul Grove, Kathleen Barr, Erin Fitzgerald, Peter Kelamis, Janyse Jaud and Keenan Christensen play their neighbors. Terry Klassen, the show's voice director, was cast as Eddy's Brother while Patric Caird composed its score.

"Ed, Edd n Eddy's Big Picture Show" had high ratings for Cartoon Network, posting double and triple digit ratings delivery gains. It was also released on the iTunes Store. It has been praised as a strong conclusion for "Ed, Edd n Eddy".

Below is a list of voice actors.

Tim Hill

Timothy Joseph Hill (born May 21, 1958) is an American animator, film director, screenwriter, editor, voice actor and producer.
Hill began his career in the 1990s as a television writer, director, storyboard artist and editor for "Rocko's Modern Life" (with Stephen Hillenburg), "Exit 57", "KaBlam!", "SpongeBob SquarePants", "Ed, Edd n Eddy" (with Danny Antonucci) and "Kenny the Shark". He also created the KaBlam! skit Action League Now!!

Hill directed the films "Muppets from Space", "Max Keeble's Big Move", "", "Alvin and the Chipmunks", and "Hop (movie)". Hill was a screenwriter for "The SpongeBob SquarePants Movie". He later directed another "SpongeBob" film "".
Hill has been married to actress Veronica Alicino, whom he frequently casts in minor roles in his films, since June 24, 1997. He is the nephew of director George Roy Hill.

Yankee Doodle in Berlin

Yankee Doodle in Berlin is a 1919 American silent World War I comedy movie. It was directed by F. Richard Jones. The movie stars Bothwell Browne, Ford Sterling, Bert Roach, Malcolm St. Clair, Marie Prevost, Chester Conklin, Heinie Conklin, Eva Thatcher.

Poena cullei

Poena cullei, or the penalty of the sack was an ancient Roman form of execution imposed on people convicted of patricide, or the murder of one's parents. It involved being sewn into a sack with vicious animals, most commonly a monkey, snake, and chicken, but others were sometimes used as well. The sack was then thrown into a body of water to sink. In the course of drowning, the animals would attack one another and the human in the bag.

Poena cullei probably varied in frequency of usage. The earliest account of which dates to 100 BCE and by 300 CE it had largely fallen out of favour. The method of execution enjoyed a short resurgence in Germany during the medieval era.

Sack

A sack usually refers to a rectangular-shaped bag.

Sack may also refer to:




Patricide

Patricide is the crime of killing one's parents, especially the father.

Cement shoes

Cement shoes, or Chicago shoes is a method of execution, murder or body disposal that involves weighing the body down so it can't float after being tossed into the water. This was a way of getting rid of snitches by organized crime like the mafia. Very few confirmed cases are known.

Jim Braude

James Spencer Braude (born May 7, 1949) is a lawyer, former union official, and Boston radio and television personality.

Scaphism

Scaphism or The Boats was a method of execution where the condemned was sandwiched between two canoes or halves of a log, force fed milk and honey and be left in the middle of a stagnant body of water. The victim was also covered in the milk and honey and generally stripped naked. The smell of this cocktail and the inevitable excrement attracted insects and other vermin to devour the body.

List of countries and territories where Afrikaans or Dutch are official languages

This is a list of countries where Dutch or Afrikaans are official languages. 


Blowing from a cannon

Blowing from a cannon was a method of execution in which the victim was tied to the mouth of a cannon which was fired immediately after. The method was popular with British colonial authorities in India and used on revolters. This method of capital punishment was favoured by the British as a Hindu belief states that the body must be intact to go into the afterlife. In Africa, the Portuguese colonial authorities also used the method.

Brazen bull

The Brazen bull, bronze bull or Sicillian bull, or occasionally Bull of Phalaris was an apparatus, shaped like a bull used to cook people alive. The bull is said to have been invented by Perilaus of Athens to please the tyrant of Sicily, Phalaris, although the inventor was the first it was used on. The bull is said to have had a door to one side, through which the condemned would be shoved and then locked in. A fire would be lit under the bull and the victim was roasted alive as the metal was heated. A special system of pipes in the head of the bull acoustically converted the screams of victims into the sounds of an actual bull. Some scholars and historians question whether the Brazen bull even existed or was simply made up as a form of propaganda.

Submarino

Submarino is a 2010 Danish Swedish drama movie directed by Thomas Vinterberg and is based on the 2007 novel of the same name by Jonas T. Bengtsson. It stars Jakob Cedergren, Peter Plaugborg, Patricia Schumann. 


Lingchi

Lingchi, slow slicing or death by a thousand cuts was a method of execution by dismemberment used primarily in China, but also used in Vietnam and Korea from 900 to 1900. In this method, a knife was used to methodically cut off various portions of the body, eventually resulting in death. Lingchi was reserved for crimes deemed especially heinous such as high treason and the process continued a while after the victim had died.

Silk (2007 movie)

Silk is a 2007 Canadian drama movie directed by François Girard and was based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Alessandro Baricco. It stars Michael Pitt, Keira Knightley, Kōji Yakusho, Miki Nakatani, Alfred Molina, Mark Rendall, Kenneth Welsh and was distributed by New Line Cinema.


Windows Mobile 6.1

Windows Mobile 6.1 is a sixth version of Windows Mobile operating system, released on April 1, 2008. It is a minor upgrade to the Windows Mobile 6.0 platform and a redesigned Home screen featuring horizontal tiles that expand on clicking to display more information. This was not supported in the Professional editions. Windows Mobile 6.1 has ended of support on January 8, 2013, after Microsoft discontinued Windows Mobile.


Blue crane

The blue crane (Grus paradisea), also known as the Stanley crane and the paradise crane, is the national bird of South Africa. The species is listed as Vulnerable by the IUCN.

During One Night

During One Night is a 1961 British drama movie directed by Sidney J. Furie and starring Susan Hampshire, Sean Sullivan, Alan Gibson, Tom Busby, Jackie Collins, Don Borisenko, Colin Maitland, Sean McCan.

Epigenesis (geology)

Epigenesis In geology, is the modification of minerals in rocks after formation. 

A common example is marble. Laid down as chalk or other limestone, its nature is changed by being uplifted in a later mountain range. The heat and pressure turns the limestone into marble.

Silvanne Slot

Silvanne Slot (born 2004) is a Dutch water polo player from Veenendaal. She plays with ZV de Zaan in Zaandam and the junior national team.

Slot started with synchronized swimming but later started playing water polo at the age of eight years old at VZC because her brother also played water polo. With VZC she became 2015 national champion (under-11) and was named best player of the tournament. At VZC, having only one women’s senior team, she could train with the senior team. However she moved to Polar Bears Ede when she was thirteen years old because Polar Bears had multiple women’s team and having more development possibilities.

With Polar Bears she became national champion with the under-15 team and later also with the under-17 team. In 2020 she became for the first time national champion with the senior team. As of 2021 she lives during the week at the water polo academy in Eindhoven. She trains at the Tongelreep swimming pool around eighteen hours per week. In the 2021-22 season she won with Polar Bears the national championships, the national cup and the Supercup. With the junior national team she competed at the Diapolo Cup in Budapest; at the 2019 European U15 Water Polo Championship in Kirishi (Russia) and 2021 European Junior Water Polo Championship in Sibenik (Croatia).

Slot was nominated to become 2021 Veenendaal sport talent of the year.

Next to water polo she attends (MBO) for teaching assistant.

Fenna Achterberg

Fenna Achterberg (born 12 October 2004) is a Dutch track and field athlete from Veenendaal. She competes primarily in the heptathlon.

Achterberg started with athletics when she was seven years old. At the age of eleven she started competing including at the unofficial national championships. Over the years she improved at these championships. In those first years she mainly competed in hurdles and high jump. Later she focussed on the heptathlon.

She competed in 2019 for the first time at the official national championships (under-18). At the time she was 15 years old and won the silver medal in the heptathlon. The next year she won the silver medal at these championships. During the 2020-21 season she had a foot injury. It took a long time to determine the cause. She has had her foot in a cast and has been on crutches for 16 weeks. 

As of 2022 she still represents athletics club “Daventria”. She is trained by René Dannenburg in IJsselstein and she also trains at Ciko ‘66 in Arnhem to improve in javelin throw and improve further in the long jump, her best discipline.

Achterberg became the 2017 and again the 2020-2021 Veenendaal sport talent of the year.

Tepuihyla tuberculosa

The Canelos tree frog ("Tepuihyla tuberculosa") is a frog. It lives in Ecuador and Peru Scientists have seen it between 132 and 1076 meters above sea level.

This frog is green in color with dark lines on its back. The adult male frog is about 82.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 85.7 mm.

The frog's name comes from the bumps (tubercules) on the skin of the frog's back.

James L. Venable

James Lewis Venable is an American composer. He works in American film and television. He is known for his scores to the Cartoon Network animated television series "The Powerpuff Girls", "Samurai Jack", "My Life as a Teenage Robot" and "Foster's Home for Imaginary Friends". The latter was nominated for an Emmy Award for Outstanding Main Title Theme Music in 2005, the same score won a 2005 Annie Award—Venable's third—for achievement in music for an animated series. Among Venable's feature film scores are "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back", "Scary Movie 3", "4", and "5" and "EuroTrip". On August 3, 2004, Venable released an electronica album titled Holding Space with Screaming Fan Records.

Palula language

Palula (also known as Phalura, ) is a Dardic language spoken in Chitral District, Ashret, Biori, and Shishi. It is spoken by the Palula people, who are Dards. It is dying out in small villages, but it is dominant in Ashret and Biori. It is closely related to Shina.

Anees Bazmee

Anees Bazmee is an Indian movie director, producer, and screenwriter, known for his works in Hindi cinema.

The first movie Bazmee directed was "Hulchul" in 1995. His first commercial success came in 1998 with the movie "Pyaar To Hona Hi Tha", one of the highest-grossing Bollywood movies of the year. He achieved further success as well as recognition by directing the top-grossing comedies including "No Entry" (2005), "Welcome" (2007), "Singh Is Kinng" (2008), "Ready" (2011) and "Welcome Back" (2015), Bhool Bhulaiyaa 2 (2022) and also received praise for directing the moderately successful romantic thriller "Deewangee" (2002).

Kohistani Shina

Kohistani Shina is a Dardic language spoken in the Kohistan region of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Kohistani Shina differs from the Shina language because of the phonology. In 2021, Razwal Kohistani developed the first qaidah for Kohistani Shina.

Shumashti language

Shumashti is a Dardic language spoken by 1,600 people in Kunar and a few in Chitral, Pakistan. It is spoken by the Shumashti people, a Dardic ethnic group who are related to the Pashayi and Gawar people. 

Torwali language

Torwali is a Dardic language spoken by the majority in Swat District, Pakistan. Its language capital is Bahrain.

Ushoji language

Ushoji is a Dardic language spoken in parts of Kohistan District and Swat District in Pakistan.

Yidgha language

Yidgha is a Pamiri language spoken in Chitral, Pakistan. It is closely related to the Munji language and are sometimes treated as one language.

Funbag Animation Studios

Funbag Animation Studios, also known as Funbag Studios or Funbag was a Canadian animation studio. It was headquartered in Ottawa, Ontario. It was well known for working on animated television series such as "Undergrads", "Freaky Stories", "Toad Patrol", "Watership Down", "Anthony Ant", "King", "Mole Sisters", "The Eggs", "For Better or For Worse", "Faireez", "Seven Little Monsters", "Madeline", and "The Wiggles Show".
Funbag provided additional production services on projects such as "The Simpsons", "The Ren & Stimpy Show", "Beavis and Butt-head", "Robot Chicken", Flash Gordon, Vor-Tech: Undercover Conversion Squad, The Magical Adventures of Quasimodo, "Bruno the Kid", "LazyTown", "LeapFrog", "The Oz Kids", "The Land Before Time V: The Mysterious Island", "Sniz & Fondue", "SpongeBob SquarePants", "Birdz", "Ace Ventura: Pet Detective", "WildC.A.T.s", "Little Bear", "The Magic School Bus", "The Lionhearts", "The Ripping Friends", "Ed, Edd n Eddy", "Urmel", "Aaahh!!! Real Monsters", "RoboRoach", "The New Woody Woodpecker Show", "The Oblongs", "Squidbillies", "" and "Franklin".
In April 29, 2007, the company closed due to a decline in business, and some of the employees at the studio founded New Bike Entertainment to secure Funbag's assets.

Funbag also had an office in India.

Bagri language

Bagri is a dialect of Malwai Panjabi and Marwari Rajasthani, spoken by the Bagri people of India and Pakistan. It is spoken in Rajasthan and Panjab.

Bhaya language

Bhaya is a possibly extinct Indo-Aryan language spoken in Sindh, Pakistan. The last time it was recorded was in 1998 where only 70 people spoke the language.

Tom Hooker

Tom Hooker or Thomas Barbey (born Thomas Beecher Hooker on November 18, 1957) is an American singer and photographer. He is one of the songwriters of most songs for popular Italo disco artist Den Harrow.

Carlijn Tukkers

Carlijn Tukkers (born 2000 or 2001) is a Dutch women's field hockey player who currently plays as a defender for Kampong. As a member of the Netherland national team (under-21) she became 2022 Junior World Cup champion.

At a young age Tukkers moved with her parents to Breda where she started playing field hockey with . After playing for two years with the seniors team she moved to HC Kampong in 2020. As a member of the Netherland national team (under-21) she became world champion at the 2022 Women's FIH Hockey Junior World Cup in South Africa.

Living in Bavel, her parents have played field hockey. Her two year older brother Jasper Tukkers plays for the Netherlands men's national field hockey team. She has also a six years younger sister who played field hockey at the youth team of BHV Push.

Tukkers studies business administration.

Miniatur Wunderland

Miniatur Wunderland (German for 'miniature wonderland') is a model railway and miniature airport museum in Hamburg, Germany. It is the largest model railway in the world. 

The railroad consists of about 16 km (9.9 miles) of tracks. The museum is organized by geographical regions. These include the made-up town of Knuffingen, Knufflingen Airport (based on the Hamburg airport), Austria, Hamburg, Central Germany, America, Scandinavia, Switzerland, Italy, and South America. The model occupies 1,545 m2 (16,630 sq ft) space. 

The models include the following: 1,300 trains, over 10,000 carriages, over 100,000 vehicles, 500,000 lights, 130,000 trees, and 400,000 human figurines. 

There are plans to include other regions such as Central America, the Caribbean, Asia, England, Africa, and The Netherlands.

Ted

Ted may refer to


Tepuihyla obscura

Tepuihyla obscura is a frog. It lives in Venezuela. Scientists have seen it high up in the Chimantá Massif, between 1800 and 2600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 32.05 to 37.12 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog can be 26.44 to 33.67 mm. The skin on the frog's back is gray or gray-brown in color with darker marks. 

The tadpoles swim in pools where the water is not deep, in puddles in rocks, or in peat bogs.

Kharkiv People's Republic

The Kharkov People's Republic (also known as the Kharkiv People's Republic) () was a short-lived self proclaimed quasi-state in Kharkiv, Ukraine.

The flag is still used by pro-Russian separatists, along with the new one (in which they differ by the color of the stripe above, the republican is green and the occupation is purple), proclaiming that the republic will be reconstituted with the help from Russia.

Vice President of Nigeria

The Vice President of Nigeria is the second-in-command to the President of Nigeria in the Government of Nigeria. Officially styled Vice President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, the vice president is elected alongside the president in national elections. The office is currently held by Kashim Shettima.

A person shall be eligible for the office of vice president if he or she is a citizen of Nigeria by birth, at least 40 years of age, is a member of a political party and is sponsored by that political party

The executive functions of the Nigerian vice president includes participation in all cabinet meetings and, by statute, membership in the National Security Council, the National Defence Council, Federal Executive Council, and the Chairman of National Economic Council. Although the vice president may take an active role in establishing policy in the Executive Branch by serving on such committees and councils, the relative power of the Nigerian vice president's office depends upon the duties delegated by the president.

Major Chukwuma Kaduna Nzeogwu orchestrated the bloody military coup d'état of 1966 which overthrew the First Republic, parliamentary system of government was abolished and the office of the Vice President was established with Babafemi Ogundipe becoming the first Vice President as Chief of Staff, Supreme Headquarters.

Under the 1979 Constitution, the second constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, the President was both head of state and government. The president along with the vice president were elected for a four-year term. In the event of a vacancy, the Vice President would have served as acting president.

Major-General Muhammadu Buhari was made military head of state following the coup d'ètat of 1983, which overthrew the Second Republic, Major General Tunde Idiagbon became the Chief of Staff, Supreme Headquarters.

Chief Ernest Shonekan was made interim head of state of Nigeria following the crisis of the Third Republic.

General Sani Abacha led the palace coup d'ètat of 1993 which overthrew the Interim National Government.

Under the fourth Constitution of the Republic of Nigeria, the president is head of both state and government. The president is elected by for a four-year term. In the event of a vacancy the Vice President serves as acting president.

Babette Backers

Babette Backers (born 2003 or 2004) is a Dutch women's field hockey player who currently plays as a goalkeeper for HC Kampong. As a member of the Netherland national team (under-21) she became 2022 Junior World Cup champion.

Many of her family members played field hockey at and so she started playing at the same club. As a talented player, she became already as a c-junior a member of a HC Kampong selection. Since 2022 she is goalkeeper of the main women’s team. 

Backers played three years for the national team (under-16) and afterwards for the national team (under-18). She competed at the 2021 EuroHockey Youth Championship winning the bronze medal. Initially being a reserve player of the Netherland national team (under-21) for the 2022 Women's FIH Hockey Junior World Cup in South Africa, she became a member of the team after the championships were postponed. She played during several matches and became with the team world champion.

Backers studies medicine.

Garcelle Beauvais

Garcelle Beauvais (born Beauvais-Nilon, November 25, 1966, Saint-Marc, Haiti) is a Haitian-American actress, TV personality, author and former model, known for her roles on "The Jamie Foxx Show" and "NYPD Blue", and in movies like "Coming to America" (1988) and its 2021 sequel, "White House Down" (2013) and "" (2017).

Losin' It

Losin' It is a 1983 Canadian American sex comedy movie directed by Curtis Hanson and starring Tom Cruise, Shelley Long, Jackie Earle Haley, John Stockwell, Henry Darrow, Mario Marcelino, Rick Rossovich.


Ofisa Tonu'u

Ofisa Francis Junior Tonu'u was born 3 February, 1970 in Wellington. He was a Samoan-New Zealand rugby player who played from 1992 to 1998 and also played cricket for Samoa in 2019.

 from Cricinfo

Kabutra language

Kabutra is a Indo-Aryan language spoken by the Kabutra people of Punjab, Pakistan. Kabutra is mutually intelligible with the neighboring Sansi language. It is highly endangered and almost extinct as more people shift to Saraiki or Punjabi.

Kangri language

Kangri is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in Himachal Pradesh in northern India, mostly in the Kangra, Una and Hamirpur districts also spoken in some parts of Mandi and Chamba districts of Himachal Pradesh. Kangri is also spoken in Gurdaspur, Rupnagar and Hoshiarpur districts of Punjab, India, some speakers are also found in Janmu and in Pakistan.

Luna Fokke

Luna Fokke (born 9 March 2001) is a Dutch women's field hockey player who currently plays as a midfielder for HC Kampong. As a member of the Netherland national team (under-21) she became 2022 Junior World Cup champion.

Fokke is Born in 2001 and lived in Leidschendam. At the age of six years old she started playing field hockey at and later moved to HGC in Wassenaar. In the last match she played with HGC she made the only goal in the match, which resulted in the team being promoted to the main league. At the time she has finished high school and moved to Utrecht. She started studying computer science and started playing field hockey with HC Kampong in 2019. Playing as a midfielder, she scores very often.

As a member of the national team (under-18) she became 2018 Girls' EuroHockey Youth Championships champion. She was a member of the Netherland national team (under-21) that became world champion at the 2022 Women's FIH Hockey Junior World Cup in South Africa. She scored at these championships a total of 11 goals.

Yu Ming Is Ainm Dom

Yu Ming Is Ainm Dom (English: "My Name Is Yu Ming") is a 2003 Irish short film. Yu Ming goes to Ireland, where most of the population do not know Irish. It was directed by Daniel O'Hara and is 13 minutes in length.

Yu Ming (Diyu Daniel Wu) hates his job at a supermarket in China. He chooses to move to Ireland because a globe he spun in a library landed on it. He learns "Gaelic" for 6 months first because an atlas says it is Ireland's official language.

He asks an Australian receptionist in a Dublin hostel ""Ba mhaith liom leaba anseo"" ("I would like a bed here"). Thinking it is Chinese, he asks Enke, an Asian co-worker, to translate it. He says, "I am Mongolian."

Yu Ming asks a bartender ""Tá mé ag lorg obair"" ("I am looking for work"). He also thinks he is speaking Chinese. Paddy (Frank Kelly), an old man, can speak Irish, so he buys him a drink and tells him he is able to speak Irish.

Yu Ming now works as a bartender in the Gaeltacht (Irish-speaking) area of Connemara.

The line ""An bhfuil tusa ag labhairt liomsa?"" ("Are you talking to me?") is said multiple times throughout the film.


The film got several awards in festivals, including Aspen Shortsfest, Celtic Film and Television Festival and Irish Film & Television Awards.


Broadacre City

Broadacre City was a proposed development by Frank Lloyd Wright that would have given families one acre (0.40 hectare) each. It would have been an agrarian eutopia, part of the garden-city movement around four square miles or ten square kilometers in total size. The housing stock of Broadacre City would consist almost entirely of single family farmhouses. There would be a few office buildings and a train station, but it would primarily be a farming community. Almost all transportation would be done via private automobile, the city would be coal powered, and pedestrians would not be accommodated.

Rangri dialect (Malvi)

Rangri is a dialect of the Malvi languge spoken in the Himachal Pradesh in India. It has around 1,102,000 speakers.

Garden city movement

The Garden city movement was a 20th-century urban planning movement that promoted sprawling cities with plenty of greenbelt space in between.

Sky City 1000

Tokyo SkyCity or Sky City 1000 is a proposed arcology for Tokyo, Japan. It is a 202 story, tall vertical city. It would be home to 36,000 people and employ 100,000 people. The skyscraper would have 14 concave dish shaped modules called "space plateaus". These modules were later copied and adapted for use in the proposed SpaceCity 6000. Each space plateau would have green space. These spaces would be used as a courtyard for the apartments, office suites, stores and other indoor facilities on the plataeu.

Thali dialect

Thali is a variety of Saraiki spoken in Western Punjab, Pakistan. It is different than Saraiki because of its phonology and its pronunciation of letters. It is closely related to Derawali.

Minority Report (movie)

Minority Report is a 2002 science-fiction movie directed by Steven Spielberg. The movie is based on the short story "The Minority Report" (1956) by Philip K. Dick. It stars Tom Cruise as Precrime Chief John Anderton, Colin Farrell as Department of Justice agent Danny Witwer, Samantha Morton as precog Agatha Lively, and Max von Sydow as Precrime director Lamar Burgess. The movie takes place in the year 2054 in Washington, D.C. It deals with problems with pre-knowledge of crimes committed in the future. 

"Minority Report" premiered at the Ziegfeld Theatre on June 19, 2002, and was released in the United States on June 21, by 20th Century Fox.

The U.S. government wishes to use "Precrime" across the country. Three "precogs" can see murders committed in the future, but not murders of passion. Precogs predict that John Anderton will murder Leo Crow. Anderton flees and goes to the home of the founder of precrime. Dr. Iris Hineman says that sometimes there is a conflict in vision called a "minority report." Anderton kidnaps the precog Agatha from the facility. They arrive at Crow's place. It has photos of Anderton's son, who had died. Anderton believes that Crow killed Anderton's son, but Crow says he was setting it all up. Crow wants Anderton to kill him to benefit his family. Crow kills himself. Eventually, Anderton learns that Director Burgess had manipulated Precrime so that he could commit a murder five years ago. He is exposed and commits suicide. The program of Precrime is finally shut down. 


The cast also features Jessica Capshaw as Evanna, Precrime's transport pilot, Tyler Patrick Jones as Sean Anderton, John and Lara's son supposedly murdered by Crow, Jason Antoon as Rufus T. Riley, cyber parlor proprietor; Nancy Linehan Charles as Celeste Burgess, Lamar's wife; Victor Raider-Wexler as Attorney General Arthur Nash, Arye Gross as Howard Marks, Ashley Crow as Sarah Marks, David Stifel as Lycon, Anna Maria Horsford as Casey, Joel Gretsch as Donald Dubin, Tom Choi as Nick Paymen, Caroline Lagerfelt as Greta van Eyck and William Mapother (Tom Cruise's cousin) as a hotel clerk.

Cameron Diaz, Cameron Crowe, and Paul Thomas Anderson make uncredited cameo appearances as subway passengers.

"Minority Report" received positive reviews from critics. It has about 90% rating on Rotten Tomatoes. The website reads: "Thought-provoking and visceral, Steven Spielberg successfully combines high concept ideas and high octane action in this fast and febrile sci-fi thriller." On Metacritic, the movie has a score of 80 out of 100 based on 37 critic reviews, indicating "generally positive reviews".


Freedom Ship

Freedom Ship is a proposed seastead and arcology that would endlessly roam the seas. The hull of Freedom Ship would not be an ordinary ship hull, but rather a group of barges. The floating city would have a length of 1800 meters (1989 yards or 5908 feet) and a beam (width) of 250 meters (273 yards or 820ft) with 25 decks (storeys). There would be 50,000 dwelling units, 3,000 commercial units, 2,400 timeshare units and 10,000 hotel rooms, as well as its own subway type system. The "ship" would be far too big to dock at most ports and thus would have smaller dinghy farries to shuttle passengers to and from shore.

Space elevator

A space elevator is a theoretical transportation device for cheaply sending people and cargo into orbit. If one can be built, a space elevator would make it possible to go to outer space without inefficient and often single use rockets, lowering the average cost to launch from the current average of $10,000 to $25,000 per kilogram to as little as $100 per kilo, thus making widespread civilian space travel and colonization economically feasible. The elevator would consist of a cable or tower stretching to a mid or geostationary orbit, with two tethers, one at the surface and the other at a space station. Some kind of climbing vehicle would go up and down it. No known building material is strong enough and with a low enough density to build a space elevator, but a material like carbon nanotubes could be it.

Shimizu Mega-City Pyramid

The Shimizu Mega-City Pyramid is a proposed pyramid shaped arcology that would be 2004 metres (2194 yards or 6,575ft ) tall. The geodesic pyramid would have the same proportions as the Great Pyramid of Giza, but unlike the Great Pyramid, would not be enclosed. Instead, each truss in the superstructure would hold a skyscraper.

James Baker (New Zealand cricketer)

James David Baker was born on 16 February 1988 in Tokoroa. He is a cricketer from New Zealand who played 4 Twenty20 Internationals for Samoa in 2019.

List of Bahrain Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Bahraini Twenty20 International cricketers.

Aviator glasses

Aviator glasses are sunglasses or eyeglasses with a double nose bridge and usually teardrop shaped lenses. Aviator glasses were originally made by Bausch and Lomb ( the company that would become Ray-Ban) for pilots in Second World War to protect their eyes while flying at high altitudes, and the glasses resemble pilot's goggles. Aviator glasses are not only made by RayBan, but also Randolph Engineering, American Optical, (the latter made the sunglasses worn by the Apollo program astronauts enroute to the Moon). As clear lens or slightly tinted eyeglasses, aviators were most popular during the 1970s to 1990s. As sunglasses, the style is most associated with police officers.

Bausch &amp; Lomb

Bausch and Lomb was an eye care products company that morphed into Ray-Ban.

American Optical Company

American Optical or AO Eyewear is an American company that designs, makes and sells eyeglasses, especially sunglasses. American Optical was founded in 1869 when two eyeglass-makers merged in Southbridge, Massachusetts. The company has been in operation since then. It is most well known for having made Aviator glasses for the Apollo program astronauts as well as the United States military.

Randolph Engineering

Randolph Engineering is an American company that manufactures and sells eyeglasses. Their main products are sunglasses and shooting safety glasses. The company is based in Randolph, Massachusetts. It dates to 1972. Along with American Optical, it is a contractors for the United States military.

Randolph, Massachusetts

Randolph, Massachusetts is a suburb of Boston, Massachusetts and is notable for being home to the glasses company, Randolph Engineering. This suburb is its own city and was named after Continental Congressman Peyton Randolph.

Ray-Ban Wayfarer

Wayfarer glasses are thick-framed, usually plastic/acetate eyeglasses or sunglasses with square or trapezoidal rims. The style was invented by Ray-Ban in 1956 and represented a refreshing break from the metal wire-rim glasses of the past. The original design resembles Cadillac tail fins. Wayfarer glasses are seen by many as synonymous with punk, hipster or "geek chic" style.

Horn-rimmed glasses

Horn-rimmed glasses are styles of eyeglasses with thicker acetate frames. Originally, the glasses were made of tortoiseshells or the horns of certain animals, but due to endangered species and environmentalist laws, shells and horns are no longer used. These glasses have become a popular geek-chic and hipster fashion item.

Contractor

A contractor is a person or company that performs work on a contract basis. The term may refer to:


GI glasses

GI glasses are prescription glasses from the United Sates military. They are given to soldiers and sailors, especially during basic training (boot camp). GI glasses have been officially known as Regulation Prescription Glasses (RPG) or similar names. A nickname for GI glasses is "Birth control glasses". Contact lenses are never permitted during basic training. 

Similar glasses without any metal may be issued to inmates at state and federal prisons.

Self-replicating machine

A self-replicating machine is a hypothetical machine that can make copies of itself.


Self-replicating spacecraft

Self-replicating spacecrafts, or Von-Neumann probes, are self-replicating machines. 

Hypothetically, they might one day exist. They would do it by removing material from asteroids, comets, planets etc to make more of themselves. The idea has figured in some space fiction writing, including "".

Grey goo

Grey goo or gray goo is an apocalyptic scenario involving molecular nanotechnology in which self-replicating machines consume all the matter on their home planet, then their planetary system, galaxy and possibly the entire universe to make more of themselves.

Paperclip maximizer

The Paperclip maximizer is a thought experiment and theory about self-replicating machines in which they turn everything into paperclips.

Molecular nanotechnology

Molecular nanotechnology is advanced nanotechnology that operates on the molecular scale.

Rivet spectacles

Rivet spectacles were the earliest known style of eyeglasses, dating back to the medieval period. They consist of two magnifying glass type objects attached at the handles to one another with rivets.

Pince-nez

Pince-nez (French for "nose pinchers") are eyeglasses without temple arms. They were relatively common during the 19th century.

Applied physics

Applied physics is a branch of physics with practical applications.

Central League

The Central League is a major baseball league in Japan.

Battle of Nicosia Airport

Nicosia International Airport () was Cyprus' main airport before the Turkish invasion.It is 5 km as the crow flies west of the Cypriot Presidential Palace. The longest runway is 2.7km. It was very strategically important as a major transport route for the island.

After the coup on 15 July 1974, Turkey using the justification of the power it thought it had via the Treaty of Guarantee to launch an invasion on the 20 July 1974. It began in the early hours of 20 July 1974 with Turkish paratroopers being dropped in the Capital of Nicosia mainly into the Turkish enclave of Kioneli and with an amphibious landing in Kyrenia supported by heavy airstrikes from the Turkish Air Force.

The 32nd Strike Company of the 33rd Commando was ordered to make a perimeter around Nicosia Airport.

Turkish troops were landing on Kyrenia, bombings had begun on the airport by the Turkish Air Force.

In the early morning of 21 July, the airport's runway was again a target of the Turkish Air Force.

After a day of fighting in Cyprus, the Greek junta under Dimitrios Ioannidis' leadership, decided to send the A' Raider Squadron, based in Crete, whose Commander was Major George Papameletiou, to help the Cypriot National Guard against the invasion with the operation being called Niki. At 22:35 pm the 15 Noratlas planes took off from Souda Air Force base. Only 13 of the 15 made it to Nicosia Airport, the other two landed in either Crete or Rhodes. At about 2:00 am, the first aircraft with codenames "Niki 1" and "Niki 2" landed. Due to miscommunication, they came under heavy fire from Cypriot anti-air fire. That downed "Niki 4", killing 32 Commandos.

A ceasefire was signed by both sides and was to take effect on 22 July from 16:00. During the day the Turkish Air Force took what advantage they had before the ceasefire. They bombed the airport destroying parts of the runway. At 16:00 when the ceasefire had taken effect, the 33rd Commando Battalion received intelligence that Turkish Military was preparing a surprise attack and subsequent takeover of the airport. The Commandos took security measures without any reinforcements being sent to them. At about 16:45 after the ceasefire had taken effect, the Turkish Air Force with 6 F-104 and 2 F-100 Super Sabre aircraft had begun bombing the airport again and destroyed a Cyprus Airways Trident.

On the morning of 23 July, more attacks on the airport had begun. Units from the Greek A' Raider Squadron (41st Strike Team) began arriving at the airport (After being placed in barracks elsewhere), armed with a few light machine guns, one 90mm recoilless rifle and one Browning 30mm.

The Commandos saw enemy infantry units getting closer to the airport fence and were ordered to fire warning shots. It became apparent to them that the Turkish Armed Forces were attempting to outflank them.

At 11 am the main battle began with Turkish tanks (Likely M47s) and mortars beginning to fire on Greek positions. As elements of the 3rd Strike Company began arriving at the airport, they came under heavy fire from attacking forces. The cars containing Majors Avramides and Kyriakos were hit. The cars fell into a ditch, and a heavy firefight ensued and eventually broke out of the kill zone. As this was happening, Turkish armored units began moving towards the west of the airport in an attempt to cover the Turkish infantry units coming in from the north and thus creating a form backward "L" Flanking maneuver. Commander Papameletious's car also fell under fire and the car was immobilized a few hundred meters away from the main gates of the airport. Papameletious took fire from both Turkish positions and from UNFICYPs barracks. He was eventually set free with the help of a BTR; By the end 1 Commando had been mortally wounded.

By the afternoon of the 23rd, the attacks were repelled by the defending forces with the Turkish forces making a hasty retreat.

Horology

Horology is the study of the measurement of time. The word comes from the Latin "horologium." It dates back to ancient civilizations who water clocks to measure time. Now, we use more accurate timekeeping devices, such as mechanical clocks and wristwatches. Today, atomic clocks, which use the vibrations of atoms to keep time, are the most accurate timekeeping devices in existence.

Default

Default is an Canadian rock band formed in 1999.


The House of Lies (1916 movie)

The House of Lies is a 1916 American silent drama movie directed by William Desmond Taylor and starring Edna Goodrich, Juan de la Cruz, Kathleen Kirkham, Lucille Ward, Herbert Standing. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


The Big Fix (1978 movie)

The Big Fix is a 1978 American comedy thriller movie directed by Jeremy Kagan and was based on the novel by Roger L. Simon. It stars Richard Dreyfuss, John Lithgow, Susan Anspach, F. Murray Abraham, Fritz Weaver, Ron Rifkin and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Loft apartment

A loft apartment is a type of apartment. It is usually in a building that used to be a warehouse or factory. It is easy to change the layout in a loft. Hard loft apartments are units in converted historic industrial buildings. Soft lofts are units meant to look like former industrial spaces but in newer buildings that were built to be apartments.

Sick Abed

Sick Abed is a 1920 American silent comedy movie directed by Sam Wood and was based on the 1918 play by Ethel Watts Mumford. It stars Wallace Reid, Bebe Daniels, Tully Marshall, John Steppling, Winifred Greenwood, Robert Bolder and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Loft (area)

A loft is an alcove or room that sits above and is open to a lower level. Lofts can be used for storage, sleeping, etc. A loft with completely vertical walls can be called a mezzanine.

Domenic Sarno

Domenic J. Sarno (born May 4, 1963) is the current mayor of Springfield, Massachusetts. First elected in 2007, Sarno has won re-election three times since and is a member of the Democratic Party. He is the longest-serving mayor in Springfield.

Kim Driscoll

Kimberley Driscoll (born August 12, 1966) is an American politician and lawyer. Since 2023, she has been the 73rd lieutenant governor of Massachusetts under Governor Maura Healey. She was also the mayor of Salem from 2006 to 2023.

Tom Carvel

Tom Carvel (born Athanasios Karvelas (Greek: Ἀθανάσιος Καρβέλας); July 14, 1906 – October 21, 1990) was a Greek-born American businessman. He is known for the promotion of ice cream in the northeastern United States. He was the founder of the Carvel brand and franchise.

Susie Castillo

Susie Castillo (born October 27, 1979) is an American actress, TV host, model and beauty pageant titleholder who held the Miss USA title and competed in the Miss Teen USA and Miss Universe pageants. She pursued a career in the media, making various television appearances and hosting shows such as MTV's Total Request Live as a VJ.

Ashley Moody

Ashley Brooke Moody (born March 28, 1975) is an American politician and attorney serving as 38th attorney general of Florida since 2019. Moody also served as a judge with the Thirteenth Judicial Court of Florida from 2007 to 2017.

Francis García

Francis García (born José Francisco García Escalante on April 6, 1958 – October 10, 2007) and known by the artistic name "Francis" was a Mexican entertainer who was a famous actress, vedette and stage costume designer.

Juan Carlos Esguerra Portocarrero

Juan Carlos Esguerra Portocarrero (born March 13, 1949) is a Colombian lawyer and politician. He has served in the Colombian Government as the 7th Minister of Justice and Law, the 28th Ambassador of Colombia to the United States, and as Minister of National Defence.

Juan Carlos Pinzón

Juan Carlos Pinzón Bueno (born December 22, 1972 in Bogotá) is a Colombian diplomat, politician and economist. He is the current Ambassador of Colombia to the United States and former Minister of Defence. Pinzon comes from a military family, his father was a Colonel in the Colombian Army.

Rubén Salazar Gómez

Jesús Rubén Darío Salazar Gómez (Spanish pronunciation: [ruˈβen salaˈsaɾ ˈɣomes]; born 22 September 1942) is a Colombian prelate of the Catholic Church who was Metropolitan Archbishop of Bogotá from 2010 to 2020. He was made a cardinal in 2012. He was Metropolitan Archbishop of Barranquilla from 1999 to 2010.

Raquel Garza

Raquel Garza is a Mexican actress and comedian.

Rebecca Lynn Howard

Rebecca Lynn Howard (born April 24, 1979) is an American country music artist. She has charted seven singles on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts, and has released three studio albums. Her highest-charting single, "Forgive", peaked at No. 12 on the country music charts in 2002. She is a founding member of the country-rock group Loving Mary.

Tatu Baby

Katherine "Kat" Flores (born October 28, 1987), known professionally as Tatu Baby, is an American tattoo artist and reality television personality.
She was a contestant on Ink Master season 2 in 2012, where she placed fourth, followed by season 3 of the same show in 2013, where she placed third. She currently stars as a main cast member in Cartel Crew (2019–present), another reality television show based on people who have connections to drug cartels. 
Tatu Baby has remained active as a tattoo artist in Miami, Florida.

Shaunie O'Neal

Va'Shaundya Karlette "Shaunie" Nelson (born November 27, 1974) is an American television personality, entrepreneur, philanthropist. She is also one of the executive producers of VH-1's reality TV series, Basketball Wives, Basketball Wives LA, and Baller Wives. She was a film marketer and wife of former NBA player Shaquille O’Neal.

Evelyn Lozada

Evelyn Alexandra Lozada (born December 10, 1975) is an American television personality, model, and spokesperson. Lozada is best known as one of the six main cast members in the VH1 reality series Basketball Wives throughout its run beginning in 2010.

Draya Michele

Andraya Michele Howard (born January 23, 1985) is an American television personality, model, actress, and fashion designer.

Andraya Michele was born and raised in Reading, Pennsylvania. She has two children. She has one child with her ex-fiancé. She has another with Orlando Scandrick. She is of African-American and Italian descent.

Michele first came to the attention of the public as the girlfriend of Chris Brown. She was part of the first cast of the VH1 series "Basketball Wives LA" in 2011. In the same year, she had her first acting role in "Will to Love" with Keshia Knight-Pulliam and Marques Houston. She was a part of the cast of "Basketball Wives LA" until the end of the fourth season in 2015. She had a small role in the 2016 movie "The Perfect Match".

She owns many fashion lines. These include her swimwear line "Mint Swim" launched in 2011 and her clothing line "Fine Ass Girls" launched in 2013. In November 2016, she started another clothing line, "Beige & Coco".



The Dooley and Pals Show

The Dooley and Pals Show, sometimes shortened to just Dooley and Pals, is an American children's television series.

The Big Comfy Couch

The Big Comfy Couch () is a Canadian children's television series. 
The programs is known as Le Monde de Loonette [English: The World of Loonette or Loonette's World] when broadcast in Quebec and France, and El sofa da la imaginación [English: The Couch of Imagination] when broadcast in Latin America and Spain.
It aired from March 2, 1992, until December 29, 2006. It was produced by Cheryl Wagner and Robert Mills, directed by Wayne Moss, Robert Mills and Steve Wright. It premiered on March 2, 1992, in Canada and on January 9, 1995, in the United States on PBS stations across the country. The program was also broadcast on Treehouse TV from 1997 to 2011.

Hi-5 (American TV series)

Hi-5 (also known as Hi-5 USA) is an American children's television series. It was produced by Kids Like Us. It aired on Discovery Kids and TLC on the Ready Set Learn blocks of both networks. It is based on the original Australian series of the same name. The program is known for its educational content and pop music appeal. The series premiered on February 24, 2003. The program was nominated for three Emmy Awards.

The show centers around a band called Hi-5 ( Kimee Balmilero, Karla Mosley, Curtis Cregan, Jennifer “ Jenn “ Korbee & Shaun Taylor-Corbett ) as they perform songs, read stories, play games and have fun together.

Song of the Week - The Cast of Hi-5 perform a song based on the episode’s topic. much like the original show, the Song of the Week appears 10 times in 5 episodes from the beginning of the episode to the end of the episode.

Sharing Stories - The Cast of Hi-5 ( Chatterbox in Episode 1 ) would read aloud stories not focusing on the episode’s topic. After the stories were done, the segment transferred to the Song of the Week segment at the end of the show.

Puzzles and Patterns - The segment focuses on Kimee doing something that focuses on the topic, but a purple tentacle-like troublemaking monster named Jup Jup ( portrayed and voiced by Curtis Cregan ) creates problems for what Kimee is doing. Jup Jup is not seen by anyone in the show. ( except in an episode where Chatterbox finds him when she was looking for a friend. ) Jup Jup is one of the two characters that appeared on the original Australian show and came back to the USA show.

Kidsongs

Kidsongs is an American children's media franchise. It includes Kidsongs Music Video Stories on DVD and video, The Kidsongs TV Show, CDs of favorite children's songs, song books, sheet music, toys and an e-commerce website. 

It was created by producer/writer Carol Rosenstein and director Bruce Gowers of Together Again Video Productions (TAVP), both of whom are music video and television production veterans. They had produced and directed over 100 music videos for Warner Records (WBR) and took their idea of music videos for children to the record label.































Blue's Clues &amp; You!

Blue's Clues & You! is an American live-action educational television series for children. It was developed by Traci Paige Johnson and Angela C. Santomero for Nickelodeon. The series is a revival of the 1996–2006 "Blue's Clues" television series. Josh Dela Cruz is the host of the series. It is produced by Canadian animation studios 9 Story Media Group, and Brown Bag Films and Produced In Association With YTV It's first broadcast was on Nickelodeon and YTV on November 11, 2019.

Blue's Room

Blue's Room is an American kids' puppet television series spin-off from Blue's Clues. It was created by Traci Paige Johnson and Angela Santomero. The show aired on Nickelodeon as part of its Nick Jr. block, and it started out as short segments on Blue's Clues episodes in Season 6 from February 8, 2004 to March 29, 2007. It is produced by Nickelodeon Animation Studio.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

Joshua Jones (TV series)

Joshua Jones was a British stop motion children's television series produced by Bumper Films in 1992.

Rocky Hollow

Rocky Hollow was a 1983 stop motion animation children's television series made in Wales and produced by Rockscene Ltd. The show was narrated by Peter Sallis, who later became the voice of Ratty in The Wind in the Willows and the voice of Wallace in Wallace & Gromit. This was the first children's television show to be produced by Bumper Films for S4C. These were in production with S4C, Mike Young Productions and Prism Art and Design Ltd.

Robert H. Smith (philanthropist)

Robert Hilton Smith (July 21, 1928 – December 29, 2009) was an American builder-developer and philanthropist. He took over his father's real estate development business. Smith developed much of the Crystal City neighborhood, south of Washington, D.C.

Brush Script

Brush Script is a casual connecting script typeface. It was designed in 1942 by Robert E. Smith for the American Type Founders (ATF).

Mistral (typeface)

Mistral is a casual script typeface. It was designed by Roger Excoffon for the "Fonderie Olive" type foundry, and released in 1953. The Amsterdam Type foundry released a version in 1955.

Harald Bohr

Harald August Bohr (22 April 1887 – 22 January 1951) was a Danish mathematician and footballer.

After receiving his doctorate in 1910, Bohr became a mathematician. He founded the field of almost periodic functions.

His brother was the Nobel Prize-winning physicist Niels Bohr.

He was a member of the Danish national football team for the 1908 Summer Olympics. He won a silver medal at there.

Old quantum theory

Quantum theory is the basis of modern physics. It explains the behavior of matter and energy on the atomic and subatomic level.

Warren's tree frog

Warren's tree frog ("Tepuihyla warreni") is a frog. It lives in Guyana. Scientists have seen it on Mount Roraima and Mount Ayanganna.

Human rights in Suriname

Suriname faces various human rights issues. It is from the beginning of the country's history with their native Maroons. The issues are corruption, human trafficking, abuse and violence against women and children, child labour, and criminal defamation laws.

Human rights in Benin

The human rights situation in Benin is considered to be generally above average for sub-Saharan Africa.

Human rights in Cameroon

As of 2020, Cameroon "currently prosecutes consensual same sex conduct more aggressively than almost any country in the world".

Human rights in Gabon

Gabon, also known as the Gabonese Republic is a sovereign state located in Central Africa along the Atlantic coastline. Gabon gained its independence from France in 1960. Human rights are rights that are inherent and universal to all human beings. Typical human rights include, freedom of speech, freedom of slavery, freedom of fair representation, a right to adequate living standards and exclusion of child labour.

Human rights in Senegal

In 2016, Senegalese President Macky Sall has said he will never legalize gay sex. He said: "Never, under my authority, will homosexuality be legalized in the Senegalese lands."

Human rights in Sierra Leone

Human rights in Sierra Leone are very bad in Sierra Leone. They have improved slowly since the end of its civil war in 2002. Among the major human-rights problems in Sierra Leone are "security force abuse and use of force with detainees, including children; conditions in prisons and jails; people being arrested without reason; long detention, excessive bail, and bad legal representation; interference with freedom of speech and press; using force against demonstrators; corruption; discrimination and violence against women, discrimination based on sexual orientation; female genital mutilation (FGM); child abuse; human trafficking, including children; and forced child labor".

Sierra Leone has agreed to or ratified the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights (ICCPR), the Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman and Degrading Treatment or Punishment, the Convention on the Elimination of All Forms of Discrimination against Women, and the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights.

In September 2011, Sierra Leone's First UPR Report was adopted by the UN Human Rights Council (HRC) in Geneva. Of the 129 recommendations made by the review committee on 5 May 2011, the government of Sierra Leone said that it had already implemented 57.

In November 2012, Sierra Leone was elected to the U.N. Human Rights Council.

Male homosexuality is illegal but female is not. People who are known to be gay suffer social discrimination. There are secret LGBT support groups in the country. Lesbians are often raped. These rapes are often planned by their families with the intention of "turning them straight".

Human rights in Togo

Togo's constitution and laws forbid discrimination "based on race, gender, religion, disability, language, or social status". Although these prohibitions are not enforced enough. 

Togo's constitution and laws guarantee freedom of speech and of the press, but there are considerable restrictions on those rights. Many journalists are being fined or sued for defamation. Some are engaging in self-censorship to avoid lawsuits or violent reprisals.

R211 (New York City Subway car)

The R211 is a class of New Technology Trains currently being built by Kawasaki Railcar Manufacturing for the B Division on the New York City Subway and the Staten Island Railway. The order consists of three subunits referred to as the R211A, R211T, and the R211S. The R211As and R211Ts are to perform revenue service on the B Division whereas the R211S will do so on the Staten Island Railway. 

Delivery of the R211 cars began at the end of June 2021. They contain new features such as wider doors, Wi-Fi, LED-lit doorways, improved digital displays, and open gangways.

The majority of the fleet will replace the 748-car R46 fleet. The contract is split into three parts: R211A, R211S, and R211T.

If all options are exercised, the order would total 1,612 cars, or 640 standard cars and 437 gangway cars. Any extra cars that do not replace existing rolling stock will be used to expand the fleet.

The doors on the R211s are 58 inches (150 cm) wide, wider than the current MTA standard of 50 inches (130 cm). This design change partially incorporates a design feature of the R110A prototype subway cars. The new doors are projected to reduce station dwell time by 25 to 30 percent.

The new cars have Wi-Fi installed, USB chargers, digital advertisements, digital customer information displays, illuminated door opening alerts, and security cameras, unlike the current New York Technology Trains, which lack these features. Each car contains an on-board computer system that could detect breakdowns in critical systems such as braking and door-opening.

Exterior features include large windows, LED headlights, and a blue strip with gold accents on the sides. Features similar to trains with rollsigns (R40 to R68A).

Changes to the R211 include updated FIND displays and flip seats for wheelchairs. Looped stanchions are installed on all R179 cars, as well as some R46, R62A, and R160 cars. The R211 was part of an action plan to fix the subway's state of emergency in 2017.

In addition to various screens throughout the train, touch screen displays are present throughout the subway cars, allowing people to zoom in and out of the map.

All R211A and R211T cars are equipped for CBTC in conjunction with the ongoing automation of the B Division lines. All R211S cars are equipped with cab signaling.

The R211 Design Master Plan was approved by the MTA in December 2011. The order was planned to be 75 feet (23 m) in length, the same length as the R46 cars. Open-gangways, which would allow passengers to seamlessly walk throughout the train or units were also considered.

The contract was originally supposed to be awarded in early 2017, but was pushed back to mid-2017. The base order consisted of 285 cars, with 10 R211T cars, 75 R211S cars, and 200 R211A cars. There were two option orders; the first option order contained 740 cars.

On April 24, 2017, the breakdown of the order was changed again. The base order now includes 535 cars, with 10 R211T cars, 75 R211S cars, and 450 R211A cars. This change was made to allow for faster deliveries of the R211 cars.

In May 2017, the MTA quietly built a mockup of the R211 in a sparsely-used section of the 34th Street-Hudson Yards station's mezzanine. The model was completed and made publicly accessible from November 30 to December 6, 2017.

In August 2017, Bombardier Transportation was banned from bidding on the R211 contract due to various delays and problems associated with the R179 contract. Kawasaki Heavy Industries and Alstom Transport were seen as two of the likely bidders for the contract.

The MTA Board has awarded Kawasaki Rail Car, Inc, a subsidiary of Kawasaki Heavy Industries of Kobe, Japan, the $1.4 billion base order for the first 535 new R211 cars. The cars are anticipated to be delivered from 2020 to 2023.

Kawasaki has announced that the first test trains will be delivered in 2020. The cars are being assembled at factories in Lincoln, Nebraska and Yonkers, New York. Kawasaki also announced that there would be two option orders, with the first consisting of 640 cars in 89 sets.

The entire order will consist of 1,612 cars with both options exercised. The delivery of the base order is scheduled to be completed by August 2023, with option 1 and option 2 completed by December 2024 and October 25, respectively. In October 2018, it was confirmed that the second option order would consist of 89 sets from 437 cars.

The first R211A train was scheduled to be delivered in July 2020, but was delayed to January 2021. The first two test trains of ten R211T open-gangway cars would have been delivered in May 2021. Thereafter, new R211 cars would've been produced and delivered at a rate of 40 cars per month.

A decision on whether to continue deliveries of Kawasaki's R211 open-gangway or standard trainsets has been put on hold until the end of the year. If the two option orders of 1,077 cars were exercised, deliveries would have continued through late 2025.

Delivery of the first cars for the R211T and R211S test trains was delayed. The onset of the COVID-19 pandemic had impacted global supply chains. Kawasaki planned to deliver 22 cars per month, an independent engineering consultant for the MTA described as "aggressive".

Delivery of the first cars for the R211A and R211T test trains has been delayed again. Delivery of the base order of R211As had to be underway by November 2023 so there would be enough cars to test a communications-based train control (CBTC) system.

The first set of R211As was delivered to the New York City Transit Authority in June 2021. The test train was delivered despite a lack of staff in Nebraska and a shortage of important parts. It was prepared at Coney Island Yard for several weeks before being tested.

Human rights in Ivory Coast

Ivory Coast is a sub-Saharan nation in West Africa. 
It is a representative presidential democracy where rights are protected in the constitution, international law, and common law. As a member of the African Commission on Human and Peoples' Rights, it is a party to the African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights.

Male prostitution in Pakistan

Male prostitutes in Pakistan usually range from 15 to 25 years of age , but a few of them are in their early 30s while some are as young as 13. Prostitution is a short-term profession — there is an age limit, says a retired prostitute. 

Male and gay prostitution is increasing in Pakistan, though gay prostitution is not a recent phenomenon in the country. British explorer Richard Francis Burton, who visited the Sindh region long before the British conquest, documented a brothel of boy prostitutes in Karachi. Today many areas of large cities in the country have become virtual red-light districts for gay sex. Male prostitutes operate their business in every city and major town in Pakistan. Clients of male prostitutes come from every class, age group and profession. Homosexual men belonging to the upper and middle classes frequently pick up male prostitutes from video game shops, restaurants and cold-drinks spots. 

Many boys are frequently used by the police without getting paid. Plainclothes police officers are often involved in the extortion and blackmail of male prostitutes.

Male prostitution has become common place in the Pakistani province of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa and has taken roots in the society as a norm and sign of financial muscle. Bacha bazi as it is known, where children especially young boys are dressed as women and forced to sing and dance in front of men, who later take them for sexual pleasure and pay the family dowry.

Ghera language

Ghera is a Indo-Aryan language of Hyderabad, Pakistan. It is very closely related to Urdu and Gurgula.

Gurgula language

Gurgula is a variety of Rajasthani spoken in Sindh, Pakistan.

35th New York Infantry Regiment

The 35th New York Infantry Regiment, also called the Jefferson County Regiment, was an infantry regiment of the Union Army in the American Civil War.

The 35th New York Infantry Regiment was allowed to be created by the New York state government on May 25, 1861. The regiment was created in Elmira on June 11, 1861. The soldiers of the regiment left New York State on July 9, 1861.

There were 10 outposts of the 35th New York Infantry regiment:

The regiment was camped on Meridian Hill, then it moved to Arlington House and did construction work on Fort Tillinghast and Fort Craig. The regiment then moved to Falls Church, Virginia from Winter 1861 to 1862. The regiment left the camp in March 1862, for the Manassas movement and moved to Falmouth, Virginia in April. In late August 1862, the regiment fought in the First Battle of Rappahannock Station. The regiment fought in the second battle of Bull Run. 13 soldiers were killed in the Battle of South Mountain, and 67 soldiers were killed in the Battle of Antietam. The regiment was camped at Sharpsburg, Maryland in October 1862.

1,250 people volunteered to be a soldier in the 35th New York Infantry regiment. 1 officer and 25 soldiers in the regiment were killed in action.





El Al Flight 1862

El Al Flight 1862 was an aviation accident that took place on October 4, 1992 in Amsterdam, the Netherlands. A Boeing 747 cargo jet from the Israeli airline El Al, coming from New York, made a stopover at the Amsterdam-Schiphol airport to refuel its tanks and carry out various operations on the ground. After this technical stop, the flight was scheduled to continue its journey to Tel Aviv. A few minutes after takeoff, engine number 3 fell off due to metal fatigue with the pins that connected the engine pylon to the wing. Engine number 3 proceeded to knock off engine number 4 from the right wing. The aircraft became uncontrollable and crashed in an Amsterdam neighborhood called Bijlmermeer. For this reason, the accident is also known as the Bijlmer Disaster.

All 4 of the occupants on board were killed, along with 43 ground fatalities when the Boeing 747 slammed into an 11 story apartment building.

The crash is the deadliest aviation disaster to occur in the Netherlands.

The crash was depicted in National Geographic documentaries Seconds From Disaster episode "Amsterdam Air Crash" and Air Crash Investigation episode "High Rise Catastrophe".

Xanadu (Rush song)

Xanadu is a song by the Canadian progressive rock band Rush. It is from the band’s 1977 album "A Farewell to Kings". It is about eleven minutes long, starting with a five-minute-long instrumental section. Then it moves to a story written by Neil Peart. That story was inspired by the Samuel Taylor Coleridge poem Kubla Khan.

In the lyrics, the narrator talks about looking for a place called "Xanadu" that will make him live forever. After he finds it, a thousand years pass. The narrator is left "waiting for the world to end", talking about himself as "a mad immortal man".

The song is based on the poem Kubla Khan. This poem was written by Samuel Taylor Coleridge. Although the song does not say where "Xanadu" is, mentions of Kubla Khan hint that it is a mythical place based on Shangdu, the historical summer capital of the Mongol Empire.

Rolling Stone magazine readers asked about the top 10 Rush songs of all time voted "Xanadu" as number six.


Televizija OBN

Televizija OBN or OBN TV is a television channel based in Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina. It was launched in July 23, 1996.

Telefe Noticias

Telefe Noticias is the news unit of the Argentine television network Telefe. It is responsible for the production of four newscasts, a web portal and pages on social networks. It covers both Argentine and international news, along with live coverage, special reports and specialist analysis.
The news editions are broadcast live to the rest of America and Europe by Telefe Internacional.

On March 7, 2022, Telefe Noticias renewed its graphics, its studio and its musical curtain.

In 1976, the year in which the military dictatorship calling itself the Argentine National Reorganization Process began, the channel was administered by the Argentine Air Force. With this, the quality of the news takes on a more officialist tone than it had before, but stronger due to censorship and the absence of freedom of expression promulgated by the de facto government.

In December 1983, when democracy returned, The argentine President Raúl Alfonsín appointed an inspector for the channel that continued with the officialist tone, but with more freedom of the press and without implanting the terrorism characteristic of the previous government. The news show is renamed to "The News" in January 1984.

On January 15, 1990, after the tender for the privatization of Channel 11 in Buenos Aires, which would be renamed Telefe, the newscast changed its name again, first to simply First Edition and Second Edition; and later to Telefe Noticias on July 30, 1990. In 1991 the extra edition was broadcast late at night for coverage of the Gulf War.

In 1993, the information direction of Telefe decided to launch a new news channel, which it called "Red de Noticias" and would compete with the Artear Todo Noticias signal. With this, Telefe Noticias concentrated the most important news and in the satellite signal other journalistic programs that would complement the information. Journalists such as Rosario Lufrano, Fanny Mandelbaum, Ulises Lencina, Laly Cobas, Carlos Asnaghi, Guillermo Barletta and Amalia Rosas, manage to consolidate themselves in the newscasts of both channels.

However, in 1998, Red de Noticias ceased its broadcasts due to low audience levels, despite the fact that some of the journalists who were fired, such as Mandelbaum, Lufrano, Lencina, Cobas and Asnaghi, denounced censorship by the company.

On April 5, 1999, after the closure of Red de Noticias and the layoffs, the central edition (Second edition) of the news program was canceled despite measuring an average of 20 audience points per day. In this way, only one broadcast of the shipment remained on the air, at 12:00. The reasons for the closure would have been for political reasons, since in that same year there were general presidential elections.

However, three years later, after the economic crisis in Argentina in 2001 and the successive changes in the national government, the evening edition resurfaced on August 12, 2002, now led by Rodolfo Barili and Cristina Pérez. Omar Fajardo reinforces the first noon edition led by Jorge Jacobson and Paula Trapani.

As of 2003, in addition to the noon and evening editions already normalized, a third began to be broadcast at midnight, called at that time "Diario de Guerra" (War Diary). The program had a short duration of about 10 to 15 minutes and focused especially on the Iraq War. It was presented by the same journalists as in the central edition: Rodolfo Barili and Cristina Pérez.

Months later, as the general national elections approached, the news program went from being called Diario de Guerra (War Diary) to Diario de elecciones (Elections Diary), now dedicated entirely to the candidates. But in 2004 it also began to deal with other types of news, nationally and internationally, with which it again changed its name to Diario de Medianoche (Midnight Diary), consolidating itself in that time slot.

After 13 years in front of the news, the journalist Jorge Jacobson, retires from the program in September 2010; he is replaced by Adrián Puente, an event that occurred on October 11 of that year, when Telefe Noticias also made a change of graphics and studio.

In 2009, the 4 editions of Telefe's news programs have been definitively consolidated, although they have changed their format and broadcast sections on entertainment, technology, information technology and research. It also launched its 2.0 website with 24-hour news programming.

The most important change, in addition to the format and the way of giving the news, are the modifications and extensions of schedules in order to increase the audience. The noon edition, which was 1 hour long, went on to last somewhere between 75 or 90 minutes and was moved to 13:00. The same thing happened with the 7:00 p.m. edition, which went on to air at 8:00 p.m. For 2021, these two editions are 75 minutes long.

On May 9, 2011, a new edition began, in the morning, called Baires Directo, which is hosted by Érica Fontana and Gustavo López; it has a tendency to journalistic magazine. Because of this, Fontana stopped hosting the Diario de Medianoche (Midnight Diary).

Its content manager, Francisco Mármol, announced on Twitter that a new edition would be released in 2013 that would air on weekends. On August 5, the studios are renewed for the third and last time with a new desk, newsroom in the background and central control of the newscast. On November 4 of the same year, Milva Castellini left Telefe Noticias at 13 to host Baires Directo and exchanged for her respective host, Érica Fontana.

In February 2014, Gustavo López left Baires Directo, being replaced by Adrián Puente.

On January 23, 2017, the noon news was moved to noon due to the premiere of ¿En que mano esta?.

On September 1, 2017, Telefe left the Carlos Calvo 1530 studios in the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires to move to the new studios located in the Buenos Aires town of Martínez. On September 4, the studios and graphics of Telefe Noticias and Baires Directo were renewed, which was renamed Buen Telefe. which happens to be broadcast at 1:00 p.m. Adrián Puente hosts the morning news and other journalists. Milva Castellini returns to the 1:00 p.m. edition accompanied by Nicolás Repetto and Érica Fontana as co-hosts of the edition. The only news program that continues with the name Telefe Noticias is the one at 8:00 p.m., which is hosted by journalists Rodolfo Barili and Cristina Pérez. On September 5, Diario de Medianoche was renamed Staff, hosted by Gisela Busaniche, Ignacio "Nacho" Girón, Federico Ini and Jowi Campobassi.
On August 3, 2020, Telefe Noticias relaunched Buen Telefe, with new graphics and a new studio, maintaining the musical curtains of 2017. In October, Telefe Noticias is launched as a television channel within the Pluto TV online platform, available to all Latin America.

On November 3, 2020, Telefe Noticias organized detailed coverage of the US elections in conjunction with CBS, since both networks belong to ViacomCBS.

On November 25, 2020, due to the death of Diego Maradona, there was a special coverage of 9 hours and 30 minutes, from 1:00 p.m. to 10:30 p.m.








James Galway

Sir James Galway (born 8 December 1939) is an Irish virtuoso flute player from Belfast, nicknamed "The Man with the Golden Flute". He established an international career as a solo flute player. In 2005, he received the Brit Award for Outstanding Contribution to Music at the Classic Brit Awards.


186th New York Infantry Regiment

The 186th New York Infantry Regiment was a regiment of the Union Army during the American Civil War. It was created on September 5, 1864 in Sackets Harbor. The regiment was mustered out on June 2, 1865. The colonel was Bradley Winslow.

The companies of the regiment were mustered in from September 5, 1864, to September 29, 1864. The soldiers in the regiment were some of the first soldiers to get inside of enemy fortifications in the Siege of Petersburg on April 2, 1865, and it helped to capture Fort Mahone. The regiment fought in the Battle of Boydton Plank Road from October 27, 1864 to October 28, 1864. The regiment fought in the Battle of Fort Stedman on March 25, 1865. The regiment fought in the Appomattox Campaign from March 28, 1865 to April 9, 1865. The regiment was mustered out on June 2, 1865. When the regiment was discharged, the soldiers were recruited to the 79th New York Infantry Regiment.

There were 10 companies of the 186th New York Infantry Regiment:


The colonel was Bradley Winslow. The Lieutenant Colonel was E. Jay Marsh. The Major was Abraham D. Sternberg.

The High Fructose Adventures of Annoying Orange

The High Fructose Adventures of Annoying Orange is an American live-action/animated television series. It was created by Aaron Horvath and Dane Boedigheimer for Cartoon Network. The series is based on the characters from the web series "The Annoying Orange". That series was created by Boedigheimer and Tom Sheppard. It was produced by Boedigheimer, Annoying Orange, Inc., Cartoon Network Studios, and Warner Bros. Animation. A preview of the series was broadcast on May 28, 2012. The official premiere was on June 11, 2012. The series ended in 2014. It had a total of two seasons and sixty episodes, with a total of thirty episodes per season.

Rodolfo Barili

Rodolfo Roque Hernani Barili (Born; November 30, 1972) is an Argentine journalist, broadcaster and television presenter. Since 2002, he has been the host and executive producer of Telefe Noticias on the central newscast at 20, together with the journalist Cristina Pérez. From 2010 to 2016, he served as journalistic manager for the three editions of the Telefe newscast.
Since October 5, 1993, he has worked as a journalist for Telefe Noticias, where he joined at the age of 20, while still a student, and has held the most varied positions within the news structure: chronicler, responsible for special reports, special envoy, election coordinator and live mobile, a task he performed daily, live from anywhere in the country, for four years until he was appointed presenter.

At that time he began hosting the nightly and early morning news segments of Red de Noticias, the network's 24-hour information channel.

Since August 12, 2002 she leads, together with Cristina Pérez, the central news broadcast of the channel.

For five years he was the host of Diario de Medianoche, a segment that was born as Diario de Guerra, the first thematic news program on Argentine television, which gave specific coverage to the Iraq conflict from its beginning. The good results gave rise to the need to create a nightly news broadcast, which Barili also hosted together with Pérez.

Throughout his career he has made the most varied coverage, including the attack on the AMIA, the Cromañón tragedy (hosting a special program lasting more than 6 hours), the institutional, political and social crisis of 2001 (conducted an exceptional broadcast after the fall of President Fernando De la Rúa and covered live the violent incidents from Plaza de Mayo and Plaza de Congreso that arrived in the following days). 

He investigated clandestine gambling in the country, bringing the faces of Argentina's most important "capitalists" to the national screen for the first time.  The investigation earned him a nomination for the TEA awards and also threats from those sectors, until then hidden and unpunished, denounced in court in 1998.
She has interviewed alone and live all the Constitutional Presidents of Argentina since the return of democracy (Raúl Alfonsín, Carlos Menem, Fernando De la Rúa, Néstor Kirchner, Mauricio Macri and Alberto Fernández), with the exception of Cristina Fernández de Kirchner. 

He made special coverage of the María Soledad Morales cases (El Diario del Juicio), the 20 years of the Juicio a las Juntas in 2005 (he conducted a special broadcast of Diario de Medianoche live from the courtroom of the Federal Chamber), El Complot [2004] (program and research on the last days and fall of De la Rúa), Náufragos de la Vida [2004] (special program on recovery of addicts), 20 years of Democracy [2003] (live program from Plaza de May when the aforementioned anniversary is fulfilled on December 10), among others. 

In 2011, after the earthquake and tsunami in Japan, he visited the country where the natural disaster occurred, together with Rubén Groba, manager and technician of the news program.  He covered from Hiroshima to Nagasaki. 

In 2012, on the occasion of the thirty years of the Malvinas War, Barili made a special report of different chapters on the life of the Argentines who inhabit the islands and participated in the war. 

Rodolfo Barili was moderator of the first televised presidential debate in Argentine history, in 2015. He also fulfilled the same role in the 2019 national elections, where he moderated one of the segments.

Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold

Allan Quatermain and the Lost City of Gold is a 1986 American Israeli adventure comedy movie directed by Gary Nelson and is loosely based on the 1887 novel "Allan Quatermain" by H. Rider Haggard. It is the sequel to "King Solomon's Mines". It stars Sharon Stone, Richard Chamberlain, James Earl Jones, Henry Silva, Robert Donner, Larbi Doghmi, Cassandra Peterson and was distributed by Cannon Films. It was a box office disappointment.


Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon

Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon is the first studio album by American rapper Pop Smoke. It was released after his death on July 3, 2020, by Victor Victor Worldwide and Republic Records. A deluxe edition of the album that includes fifteen additional songs was released on Pop Smoke's birthday (July 20) of that year. The album is a drill, trap, and R&B record.

Following Pop Smoke's murder February 19, 2020, rapper 50 Cent executive-produced "Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon". 50 Cent completed Pop Smoke's record by calling the featured artists and meeting the deadlines. After the album was completed, 50 Cent took Pop Smoke's mother to an awards event. Jess Jackson rebuilt the tracks, mixed and arranged the album to get the professional sound of a large recording studio. Pop Smoke had established the Shoot for the Stars Foundation before he died, with the objective of assisting children in reaching their goals while living and growing up in tough situations by giving access to technology and other services.

"Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon" contains six singles. "For the Night" and "What You Know Bout Love" both reached the top-10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. "The Woo", "Mood Swings", "Make It Rain", and "Hello" all reached the top-85. 

"Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon" debuted at number one on the "Billboard" 200 in the United States. It gave Pop Smoke his first number-one hit in that country. Following its release, all 19 tracks on the standard album charted on the "Billboard" Hot 100, giving the late rapper the most entries all together on the Hot 100 posthumously (after death). "Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon" spent 34 weeks in the top five of the "Billboard" 200, making it only the fourth album in the twenty-first century to do so. 

In April 2019, Pop Smoke was introduced to record executive Steven Victor by record producer Rico Beats. Pop Smoke told Victor after signing to Victor Victor Worldwide and Republic Records that he had previously sung for church services. In addition to rapping, he had experience as a singer. Pop Smoke performed an unreleased song called "Something Special" and a track called "What You Know Bout Love" for Victor. The latter song made a lasting impression on the Victor Victor executives, convincing them that Pop Smoke was more than "just another drill rapper from Brooklyn." Because Victor worked closely with rapper Kanye West as the chief operating officer of his record label GOOD Music at the time, Victor knew that many of rap's most popular musicians had been successful in introducing new sounds into the public. Pop Smoke would go on to make a series of mixtapes focused solely to Brooklyn drill. Pop Smoke would release his first album that showed his melodic side with bigger, more mainstream songs like "Something Special" after establishing himself as the "leader" of the subgenre that was growing in New York City.

On February 19, 2020, Pop Smoke was staying at a Airbnb owned by Teddi Mellencamp and her husband, Edwin Arroyave, in Hollywood Hills, California. Four hooded males broke into Pop Smoke's rental house. One of them was wearing a ski mask and was holding a gun. Pop Smoke was transported to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center where he died a short time later at the age of 20.

In March 2020, rapper 50 Cent said on his Instagram account that he had been listening to Pop Smoke's music and had chosen to work as executive producer on his new album. As the executive producer, 50 Cent contacted Roddy Ricch, Drake, and Chris Brown to see if they wanted to appear on the album. During an Instagram live a few weeks later, 50 Cent remembered a meeting he had with Pop Smoke in an office for the first time. When 50 Cent stood up, he saw that Pop Smoke was writing down everything he said on his phone. 50 Cent said that he had "fallen in love" with Pop Smoke and that he would executive produce his album. In a later interview with "Billboard", 50 Cent explained that he would not be paid as the album's executive producer since he wanted to finish it because of his relationship with Pop Smoke. Following the end of the production, 50 Cent helped Pop Smoke in honoring his wish to take his mother to an awards show. In January 2020, Pop Smoke began creating the Shoot for the Stars Foundation to assist young people in reaching their goals due to living and growing up in tough situations by providing access to technology and other tools. Pop Smoke's family announced that the foundation would continue after his death.

Pop Smoke had recorded the first songs for "Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon" before signing with Victor Victor Worldwide. Pop Smoke wanted to show how he had changed musically after finishing his first two mixtapes "Meet the Woo" (2019) and "Meet the Woo 2" (2020). Pop Smoke flew to Los Angeles in mid-February 2020 to record as much music as possible for the album. He recorded the album's final songs in the final days of his life. Pop Smoke and his team planned to finish the album in Los Angeles, during his first headlining concert tour, Meet the Woo Tour, in the first week of March 2020. While he was on tour, the record was supposed to be mixed and mastered.

"Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon", according to Danny Schwartz of "Rolling Stone", mixes "drill's swooping rhythms with austere Atlanta trap that Migos and Zaytoven mastered mid-decade". It has, according to Charles Lyons-Burt of "Slant Magazine", "ill-advised forays into R&B found on DaBaby's "Blame It on Baby"". The staff of "Billboard" said the album "gestures toward R&B and more soulful sounds". The album opens with "Bad Bitch from Tokyo", which has drumbeats, ad-libbed harmonies, crows cawing, and Pop Smoke rapping about his own death. "Aim for the Moon" featuring Quavo is a drill track that with braggadocio, hi-hats, and bass. Pop Smoke and Quavo rap about enjoying their wealth. 

"For the Night" featuring Lil Baby and DaBaby is a hip hop, trap, and soul song with lyrics about night-time occurrences. The song's main instruments are an acoustic guitar, folk flutes, heavily autotuned vocals, and processed moans from Lil Baby and DaBaby. "44 Bulldog", the fourth track, is a drill song with enigmatic barks and sung synth tones. The song was named after the Charter Arms Bulldog, double-action revolver. Pop Smoke claims to be the king of New York and shows his hate towards 6ix9ine on the R&B song "Gangstas", which has minimalist piano and snare drums. The drill tracks "Yea Yea" and "Creature" featuring Swae Lee are about a "tough-guy rapper pivot[ing] seamlessly into romance on the horizon," according to Craig Jenkins of "Vulture". "Snitching," a trap song featuring Quavo and Future, is a song in which Pop Smoke raps about the threats he faced daily, while Quavo and Future rap about how people should be aware about the world's traitors. "The Woo", a trap song featuring 50 Cent and Roddy Ricch, interpolates 50 Cent's tracks "Candy Shop" and "Hate It or Love It." 

"Make it Rain" which features rapper Rowdy Rebel. He was in prison at the time and had to record his verse by telephone. "West Coast Shit" featuring Quavo and Tyga interpolates the lyrics of Too Short's 2003 single, "Shake That Monkey". Pop Smoke and Tyga rap about the wonders of the United States' west coast. "Enjoy Yourself" featuring Karol G is a Latin trap and urbano with lyrics about a deep reflection on love. The song contains a sample of a song named "Drink Freely" by Moroccan-American rapper French Montana. "Something Special" is an R&B-bounce song that samples Fabolous' "Into You" from 2003. Pop Smoke is obsessed with his new partner and their new love in the lyrics. "Mood Swings", an R&B song featuring Lil Tjay, is about having sex with women who don't use birth control. An R&B track, "What You Know Bout Love" samples Ginuwine's song "Differences". The song, which has a hi-hat and finger snaps, is about Pop Smoke having passion for his lover. The R&B track "Diana", features King Combs and includes parts from Playa's 1998 single "Cheers 2 U". The lyrics are about Pop Smoke being lustful and taking a strong aim at love. "Got It on Me" is a hip hop track that interpolates 50 Cent's "Many Men (Wish Death)" lyrics. Pop Smoke begs his enemies for mercy in the lyrics. "Tunnel Vision (Outro)" is a drill track in which Pop Smoke looks foward to the future and wishes to make an impact in the music industry. The album ends with the bonus track "Dior", a drill and hip hop song about flirting with women and buying the most up-to-date expensive clothes.

Pop Smoke had wanted the album to be released in summer, close to his birthday on July 20. Before his murder, the album was to have been released on June 12, Memorial Day, an American federal holiday. Pop Smoke's team announced on May 14, 2020, that the album had a planned release date of June 12, 2020, The lead single "Make It Rain" was released on that date instead. Victor announced they had pushed the album's release back to July 3, 2020, due to the George Floyd protests against police brutality and racism. Pop Smoke's estate announced they had signed a co-publishing deal with Warner Chappell Music covering his past music and "Shoot for the Stars, Aim for the Moon".

The deluxe edition of the album was released on July 20, 2020, on what would have been Pop Smoke's 21st birthday. It features fifteen additional tracks, including remixes of three songs from the original album. The first single from the album, "Make it Rain", peaked at number 49 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100. It peaked within the top-75 of charts in Canada and the United Kingdom. "Enjoy Yourself" was released as a promotional single on July 2, 2020. It peaked at number 56 on the Hot 100. "The Woo" was released as the album's second single on July 8, 2020. An accompanying music video, which Eif Rivera directed, was released on July 20, 2020. The song peaked at number 11 on the Hot 100. It reached the top-10 in Canada, New Zealand, Portugal, and the United Kingdom. "The Woo" was nominated for Song of Summer at the 2020 MTV Video Music Awards.

The album's third single "Mood Swings" was released on August 21, 2020. A visualizer for the track that featured Jordyn Woods and Dylan and Dakota Gonzalez, was released on August 20, 2020. Later, a music video for the song was directed by David Wept and was released on October 7, 2020. A remix featuring the voice of American singer Summer Walker was released as a single on September 18, 2020. "Mood Swings" reached number 17 on the Hot 100. It reached the top-10 in Australia, Denmark, Ireland, New Zealand, and the United Kindgom. It topped the charts in Portugal. "For the Night" was released as the album's fourth single on October 3, 2020. The song peaked at number six on the Hot 100, giving Pop Smoke his first top-10 hit in the United States. It further peaked with the top-10 in Canada, New Zealand, Norway, and Portugal. It was nominated for Best Collaboration at the 2021 BET Awards.

The album's fifth single "What You Know Bout Love" was released on October 30, 2020. Oliver Cannon directed the song's music video. The video was released on December 22, 2020. The song peaked at number nine on the Hot 100, giving Pop Smoke his second top-10 hit in the United States. It also reached the top-10 in Australia, Austria, Ireland, New Zealand, Norway, Portugal, Sweden, and Switzerland. "What You Know Bout Love" was nominated for Favorite Rap/Hip Hop Song at the 2021 American Music Awards. It won Hip-Hop Song of the Year at the 2022 iHeartRadio Music Awards. "Hello" featuring A Boogie wit da Hoodie was released as the album's sixth and final single on February 9, 2021. The song peaked at number 83 on the Hot 100 while reaching the top-80 in Austria, Canada, Ireland, and Switzerland.

Emma Coronel Aispuro

Emma Modesta Coronel Aispuro (; born July 2, 1989) is an American former teenage beauty queen.

Hans Island

Hans Island (Inuktitut and ; Inuktitut syllabics: ; ; ) is an uninhabited island with an area of . It is in the centre of the Kennedy Channel of Nares Strait. It is within the territorial waters of both Canada and Greenland (Denmark). 

The island has likely been part of Inuit hunting grounds since the 14th century. It was claimed by both Canada and Denmark until June 14, 2022, when both countries agreed to split the island in half. 

<mapframe text="The Hans Island border" latitude="80.826389" longitude="-66.458333" zoom="12" width="350" height="400" align="center">
</mapframe>

Magnolia (movie)

Magnolia is a 1999 American epic psychological drama movie written, directed and co-produced by Paul Thomas Anderson. It stars Jeremy Blackman, Tom Cruise, Melinda Dillon, Philip Baker Hall, Philip Seymour Hoffman, Ricky Jay, William H. Macy, Alfred Molina, Julianne Moore, Michael Murphy, John C. Reilly, Jason Robards and Melora Walters. 

"Magnolia" received positive reviews. Cruise was nominated for Best Supporting Actor at the 72nd Academy Awards, and won the award in that category at the Golden Globes of 2000. 

Ronni Solbert

Romaine Gustave Solbert (September 7, 1925 – June 9, 2022) was an American artist, photographer, and author. She was known as an illustrator of books. Her best known work was "The Pushcart War". She illustrated books with her partner Jean Merrill.

Solbert died in Randolph, Vermont, on June 9, 2022, at the age of 96.

Richard Prosser

Richard Ivor Prosser (15 January 1967 – 10 June 2022) was a New Zealand politician, writer, and winemaker. He was a member of New Zealand First party and was a Member of parliament from 2011 to 2017. 

Prosser died in London, England on 10 June 2022 at the age of 55.

Joel Whitburn

Joel Carver Whitburn (November 29, 1939 – June 14, 2022) was an American author and music historian. He was born in Wauwatosa, Wisconsin. He was known for his work with "Billboard".

Whitburn died on June 14, 2022 at the age of 82.

Somewhere in the Night (movie)

Somewhere in the Night is a 1946 American psychological thriller movie directed by Joseph L. Mankiewicz‎ and starring John Hodiak, Nancy Guild, Lloyd Nolan, Richard Conte, Josephine Hutchinson, Sheldon Leonard. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Gabino Díaz Merchán

Gabino Díaz Merchán (26 February 1926 – 14 June 2022) was a Spanish Roman Catholic prelate, theologian, and philosopher. He was the Archbishop of Oviedo from 1969 to 2002 and the President of Episcopal Conference of Spain from 1981 to 1987. He was born in Toledo, Spain.

Díaz Merchán died on 14 June 2022 in Oviedo, Spain at the age of 96.

Giuseppe Pericu

Giuseppe Pericu (20 October 1937 – 13 June 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Italian Socialist Party. He later joined the Democratic Party of the Left in 1996. He was the mayor of Genoa from 1997 to 2007. He was born in Genoa. From 1994 until 1996, he was a member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies.

Pericu died on 13 June 2022 in Genoa at the age of 84.

Mayra Flores

Mayra Nohemi Flores (born January 1, 1986) is a Mexican-born American politician. She is a member of the Republican Party. She was a member of the United States House of Representatives for from 2022 to 2023.

She won the special election to replace former Congressman Filemon Vela Jr. She is the first Mexican-born woman to be a member of the United States Congress. 

Before her election to Congress, Flores used hashtags supporting the QAnon conspiracy theory on an Instagram post, though she has denied ever being a supporter of QAnon.

Flores lost her campaign for a full term in the November 2022 midterm elections to Democrat Vicente Gonzalez in the district that was redrawn that year. She left office in January 2023.

Flores was born in Mexico to migrant farmworkers. Her family moved to the U.S. when she was six years old and she gained American citizenship at 14. She was raised in Southern Texas. Even though she was raised in a conservative Democrat immigrant family in Texas, she said she supports the Republican Party because of her anti-abortion views.

Flores has worked as a respiratory therapist and lived in Los Indios, Texas. She is married to a U.S. Border Patrol agent and has four children.


Connie Conway

Connie Conway (born September 25, 1950) is an American politician. She is the U.S. representative for since 2022. She was a member of the California State Assembly from 2008 to 2014. She was a member of the board of supervisors for Tulare County from 2000 until 2008. Conway is a member of the Republican Party.

Carlos Ortiz (boxer)

Carlos Ortiz (September 9, 1936 – June 13, 2022) was a Puerto Rican professional boxer. He won three world titles, two at lightweight and once at light welterweight. He was seen as the best Puerto Rican boxers of all time. Ortiz had the record for the most wins in unified lightweight titles in boxing history at 10.

In 1991, Ortiz was honored into the International Boxing Hall of Fame.

Ortiz died on June 13, 2022 in New York City at the age of 85.

Henri Garcin

Henri Garcin (born Anton Albers; 11 April 1928 – 13 June 2022) was a Belgian actor. He appeared in more than 100 movies from 1956 to 2022. He was born in Antwerp, Belgium. He was known for his roles in "Someone Behind the Door", "Verdict" and "The Pink Panther". His career began in 1957 until 2016.

Garcin died on 13 June 2022 in Paris, France at the age of 94.

Hari Chand

Hari Chand (1 April 1953 – 13 June 2022) was an Indian long-distance runner. He competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal, where he came eighth. In the 1980 Summer Olympics in Moscow he came 10th in the 10,000 meter run. He ran barefoot in Montreal.

Chand died on 13 June 2022 in Hoshiarpur, India from a long illness, aged 69.

Hoshiarpur

Hoshiarpur () is a city in Hoshiarpur district in the Doaba region of the Indian state of Punjab. It was founded during the early part of the fourteenth century.

Terry Sanderson (writer)

Terry Sanderson (16 November 1946 – 12 June 2022) was a British secularist and gay rights activist, author, and journalist. He was president of the National Secular Society from 2006 to 2017. He was a columnist for "Gay Times".

In 2021, Sanderson was diagnosed with bladder cancer. He died on 12 June 2022 from the disease, aged 75.

Comes and Goes

Comes and Goes is the fourth and final studio album by Default. The album was released on September 29, 2009.

Jim Ryan (politician)

James E. Ryan (February 21, 1946 – June 12, 2022) was an American lawyer and Republican politician. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was the 40th Attorney General of Illinois from 1995 until 2003. He was the unsuccessful Republican nominee for Governor of Illinois in 2002. He unsuccessfully ran again in 2010. He was the State's Attorney of DuPage County from 1984 until 1995.

Ryan died at his home in Wheaton, Illinois on June 12, 2022 from a long-illness, aged 76.

Daniel Pope Cook

Daniel Pope Cook (1794 – October 16, 1827) was a politician, lawyer and newspaper publisher. He was an anti-slavery activist. He was the state's first attorney general, and then congressman. Cook County, Illinois, is named after him.

Cook died on October 16, 1827, at the age of 32 in Scott County, Kentucky.

Phil Bennett

Philip Bennett (24 October 1948 – 12 June 2022) was a Welsh rugby union player. He played as a fly-half for Llanelli RFC and the Wales national team. He began his career in 1966. He made his Wales debut in 1969.

Bennett was honored into the World Rugby Hall of Fame in 2015.

Bennett died on 12 June 2022 in Felinfoel, Wales at the age of 73.


The Thin Man (movie)

The Thin Man is a 1934 American mystery comedy movie directed by W. S. Van Dyke and was based on the 1934 novel of the same name by Dashiell Hammett. It stars William Powell, Myrna Loy, Maureen O'Sullivan, Nat Pendleton, Henry Wadsworth, Porter Hall, Cesar Romero, Edward Brophy, Natalie Moorhead. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer and spawned five sequels. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1935.


Rolando Serrano

José Rolando "Loco" Serrano Lazaro (13 November 1938 – 13 June 2022) was a Colombian football midfielder. He was born in Pamplona, Norte de Santander, Colombia. He played for the Colombia national football team and during their game at the 1962 FIFA World Cup. 

Serrano died in Cúcuta, Colombia on 13 June 2022, aged 83.

Pamplona, Norte de Santander

Pamplona (pronounced ) is a city in Norte de Santander, Colombia.


Achito Vivas

Adelmo Achito Vivas (born 1 March 1934) is a retired Colombian footballer. He competed for the Colombia national football team at the 1962 FIFA World Cup. Vivas was born in Buenaventura, Colombia. Vivas spend most of his career playing for Deportivo Pereira.

Hernando Tovar

Hernando Tovar Brizneda (born 17 September 1938) is a Colombian former footballer. He played as a defender. He played for the Colombia national team at the 1962 FIFA World Cup. He also played for Santa Fe.

Eusebio Escobar

Eusebio Escobar Ramírez (born 2 July 1936) is a Colombian footballer. He played for the Colombia national football team at the 1962 FIFA World Cup. Escobar is one of the all-time leading goal-scorers in the history of the Colombian league. He played for Deportivo Cali, Atlético Bucaramanga, América de Cali, Deportivo Pereira, Deportes Quindío, Atlético Nacional, Independiente Medellín and Deportivo Manizales.

Jairo Arias

Jairo Arias Serna (born 2 November 1938) was a Colombian footballer. He played for the Colombia national football team at the 1962 FIFA World Cup. He played with the team from 1962 until 1963, making four appearances. From 1957 until 1959 and from 1961 until 1962, he played for the Atlético Nacional. He also played for Once Caldas from 1963 until 1964 and again in 1965.

Adolfo Pedernera

Adolfo Alfredo Pedernera (15 November 1918 – 12 May 1995) was an Argentine football player and coach. He was widely considered as one of the best world football players in the 1940s. He was also regarded one of the greatest Argentine players of all time. He played for the Argentina national team from 1940 until 1946. Despite the mid-attack position (at the time a sort of "buoy" in the penalty area with the sole task of putting the ball in the net), Pedernera is more of a demi-striker: he loves to return often to midfield, dragging himself behind the scorer and leaving the field free to fellow warders. Gifted with an extraordinary technique: he has the incredible ability to always be able to serve the less marked partner with millimeter pitches. His powerful and precise shot allowed him to score hundreds of career goals. Pedernera won the Copa América in 1941 and 1946, being named the "Best Player" of the latter. He also was elected the 12th-best South American footballer of the 20th century in a poll by the IFFHS in 2000, and his name appears in the list of the 100 greatest all time footballers selected from the magazine "FourFourTwo" in 2017, in which he holds the 58th place.

Nicknamed el Maestro, he is considered to be the footballer who invented the role of attacking midfielder, at the time known as center-attack. He played almost every role in the attack, from the center forward to the playmaker.

He was so passionate about the ball that he treated it in childhood as a pet and, as a teenager, he was the ball boy at Racing, where his brother Raúl played. He tried to start his career there, but he was not approved. He caught the attention of Huracán, but before signing for the Parque Patricios team, a friend invited him to try his luck at River Plate. He would end up professionalizing there, debuting in 1935, still 16 years old. His debut was against Ferro Carril Oeste, where he dribbled past José Della Torre, a player for the Argentina national team.

He consecrated himself as conductor of the mythical riverplatense team known as La Máquina, winning five titles in the Argentine championship in the eleven years he spent at the club. Left-handed, but also skilled in his right leg, he was considered the brains of the squad, having played successfully in the five offensive positions of the different formations that squad had - Pedernera had played with idols of the 1930s, such as Bernabé Ferreyra, Carlos Peucelle and Renato Cesarini, and the following decade, where he composed the most remembered attack, together with Juan Carlos Muñoz, José Manuel Moreno, Angel Labruna and Félix Loustau. He, in turn, always praised that a good part of the Machine's success was also due to players in other positions, who provided good plays to those attackers. 

In 1947, he and the goalkeeper José Soriano left River, hired by the small Atlanta, which ambitions to form a great squad to win titles. However, Villa Crespo 's team failed in their attempts, even ending up in the last position, relegated. His departure, by the way, opened a vacancy for Alfredo Di Stéfano to shine that year; until then, he had not been able to find space on the River. Di Stéfano even considered him the best he had seen play.

After the failure at Atlanta, Pedernera went to play for the team where he could have started his career, Huracán. I would end up not staying so long at Globo; a strike broke out among Argentine players in 1949. They demanded medical assistance for their families, a minimum wage for the category and the extinction of the pass, to be free to choose where they would like to play, but they were not granted. Pedernera was precisely one of the leaders of the players' union, and was one of many South Americans attracted by the tempting offer of Eldorado in what had become Colombian football, whose clubs rebelled against the local federation and FIFA itself to organize a cosmopolitan and highly profitable championship. Pedernera was signed by Millonarios, who called up several other Argentines, among them Di Stéfano himself.

As part of the so-called Ballet Azul, he won four Colombian championships in the six years he spent with the Bogotá team. In 1955, he returned to Huracán - it was part of an agreement imposed by the other South American federations, angry with the departures of their main players without being able to demand any money from them (since the Colombian league was outside FIFA's jurisdiction) which established a deadline in which such a situation could persist, and all players must then be returned to their clubs of origin. Pedernera was already 37 years old at that time and soon retired. He would later return to River Plate, working in the millionaire youth ranks.

Pedernera was part of the talented Argentine generation that ended up being deprived of playing in a World Cup due to, among other factors, the occurrence of the Second World War, which left no conditions for the tournament to be held in the 1940s. He made his debut for the Argentina national team in 1940, scoring one of the goals in a 3–1 victory over arch-rivals Uruguay. The following year, he would join the Albiceleste squad that became South American champion, which he would again be in the other two editions he played in, in 1942 and 1946.

Obdulio Varela, who became famous as the leader of the Uruguayan title in the 1950 World Cup, declared, when asked if he feared Brazil 's forwards, the host that the celestials would beat in this tournament: "You forget that I faced Pedernera... and like him, there is no one".

In addition to his work in the youth ranks of River Plate, Pedernera has coached the top teams of arch-rivals Boca Juniors, San Lorenzo and even the Argentina national team. He was the coach of Colombia - where his prestige is even greater than in his homeland - in the 1962 World Cup, the first for which the Colombians qualified.

Club

International

Individual

Dolní Břežany

Dolní Břežany is a city in Prague-West District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It has about 4,400 people living here.

Southern Oregon

Southern Oregon is a region of Oregon in the USA, it consists of 4 counties plus another 3 which are sometimes considered a part of it and is located west of the Cascade Range. As of 2015 it had a population of 471,000, 564,000 including all 7 counties.

Always included:
Total population: 471,013

Sometimes included:
Total seven-county population: 564,446

Russ Diamond

Russell H. Diamond (born July 26, 1963) is an American politician and businessman. He was born in Hershey, Pennsylvania. He is a member of the Pennsylvania House of Representatives since 2015. He is a member of the Republican. Diamond took part in the legal tries to overturn Joe Biden's the 2020 victory results in Pennsylvania.

In June 2022, Diamond was diagnosed with "treatable" prostate cancer.

Tim Sale

Tim Sale (May 1, 1956 – June 16, 2022) was an American comics artist. He was born in Ithaca, New York. He won the 1999 Eisner Award. He was known for his works with DC Comics and illustrated the comics "", "" and "Superman For All Seasons".

On June 13, 2022, Sale was hospitalized in Seattle, Washington under serious condition. He died three days later from kidney failure at the age of 66.


Graham cracker

A graham cracker (said or in America) is a sweet tasting cracker (biscuit) made with graham flour. The flour was created in the United States in the mid-19th century. The crackers are eaten as a snack food. Most of them are honey- or cinnamon-tasting.

Monte Duida tree frog

The Monte Duida tree frog ("Tepuihyla aecii") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Cerro Duida. It is a large, table-shaped mountain. It is made of sandstone.

Murod Nazarov

Murod Nazarov (; born 16, November, 1980) is an Uzbek Vice-president of the polo federation of Uzbekistan and Deputy of Tashkent city council. 

Murad Nazarov is married and has 14 children. In 2002 he married Umida Nazarova. From a joint marriage he had 3 daughters and 2 sons. In December 2021, Nazarov adopted 9 children (2 boys and 7 girls) from the House of Mercy in Tashkent.




LANSA Flight 508

LANSA Flight 508 was a plane crash that occurred on December 24, 1971 over the Peruvian Amazon jungle with a balance of 91 dead and with only one young survivor, Juliane Kopcke.
It is the deadliest lightning strike disaster in history.

Flight 508 took off late around noon heading to Pucallpa and then continued to the city of Iquitos in the middle of the Peruvian jungle. 

It crossed the Peruvian Andes at 7000 m in good weather, having made its last report when it flew over Oyón in the Sierra de Lima, entering 40 minutes after takeoff in Amazonian skies where a bad weather front was germinating. The plane lost height to 6,000 m and began to shake, causing concern among the passengers. 

The developing storm was a Cumulonimbus type with intense electrical activity and the aircraft was subjected to turbulent air currents. 

The voice of a Flight attendant was heard over the loudspeakers: 

The shakes became more and more violent and the carry-on luggage spilled out of their cubicles. The plane descended about 4,000 m and the pilot was looking for denser air to make an emergency landing. 

At about 12:36 p.m., a lightning bolt is said to have struck the plane over the right wing and set fire to the fuel tank (a fact that was never actually proven with certainty), the fire causing general structural failure. that departed the aircraft at tail level: 

Juliane Koepcke, the only survivor, fell from an altitude of 2,000 meters, next to the burning wreckage of the plane, into the jungle.

LANSA

Líneas Aéreas Nacionales S.A (LANSA) was a Peruvian airline based in Lima. It was established in 1963. After its last Lockheed Electra crashed on Christmas Eve 1971, LANSA stopped operations on January 4, 1972.

Its base was the Jorge Chávez International Airport. It operated flights inside and outside the country. Within the country it made itinerary flights, beginning its operations with Lockheed 749 Constellation aircrafts.
The airline is sadly remembered for the series of accidents that they had. They were caused by bad maintenance/operations of aircrafts. 
It had its first accident on April 27, 1966, during a flight from Lima to Cuzco. The ship crashed against Mount Talsula, in Sierra de Yauyos, Lima. 49 occupants were killed. This was due to an error by an American pilot. 
Later, on August 9, 1970, another fatal accident occurred. It was a Lockheed L-188A Electra. It took off from the Velasco Astete airport in the city of Cuzco in the afternoon. They caused the failure of engine number 3 -an Allison turboprop- while trying to take off. The captain of the aircraft continued with this operation. But they failed to maintain the speed necessary for the ascent, a fact that was aggravated by retracting the flaps with the consequent loss of lift, causing the aircraft to lean to the left. Finally it hit the ground in the San Jerónimo sector. As a result of this accident, 99 of the 100 occupants on plane and 2 farmers on ground at the time of impact have died. 

In 1972, they stopped operations. Their remaining fleet just had only one Lockheed L-188 Electra. This is because others had already been lost.

Jorge Chávez International Airport

Jorge Chávez International Airport (Aeropuerto Internacional Jorge Chávez) is the main air terminal in the Lima metropolitan area. 
It is located in the constitutional province of Callao. It is the most important airport in Peru, since it has the majority of international and domestic flights in the country. They serve more than 22,000,000 passengers per year.

Its location in the middle of the west coast of South America has made it an important hub for the subcontinent. It stands out for its enormous projections in the connection of flights between the Americas. This resulted in a sustained growth in the flow of passengers, cargo and mail. 
It is the center of operations for South America for LATAM with its Peruvian associate LATAM Peru and for Sky Airline with its Peruvian associate Sky Airline Peru.

Muster (military)

Mustering is taking care of soldiers in a military unit. Mustering in is starting a military unit, and mustering out is disbanding a military unit.

Groveport, Ohio

Groveport is a city in Franklin County, Ohio, United States.

Whitehall, Ohio

Whitehall is a city in Franklin County, Ohio, United States.

Worthington, Ohio

Worthington is a city in Franklin County, Ohio, United States.

Montgomery, Ohio

Montgomery is a city in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.

Mount Healthy, Ohio

Mount Healthy is a city in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.

North College Hill, Ohio

North College Hill is a city in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.

Norwood, Ohio

Norwood is a city in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States.

Waterville, Ohio

Waterville is a city in Lucas County, Ohio, United States.

Germantown, Ohio

Germantown is a city in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States.

Moraine, Ohio

Moraine is a city in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States.

Oakwood, Montgomery County, Ohio

Oakwood is a city in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States.

Trotwood, Ohio

Trotwood is a city in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States.

Reminderville, Ohio

Reminderville is a city in Summit County, Ohio, United States.

Twinsburg, Ohio

Twinsburg is a city in Summit County, Ohio, United States.

Johnson, Minnesota

Johnson is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States.

Odessa, Minnesota

Odessa is a city in Big Stone County, Minnesota, United States.

Amboy, Minnesota

Amboy is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States.

Eagle Lake, Minnesota

Eagle Lake is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States.

Good Thunder, Minnesota

Good Thunder is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States.

Mapleton, Minnesota

Mapleton is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States.

Pemberton, Minnesota

Pemberton is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States.

St. Clair, Minnesota

St. Clair is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States.

Vernon Center, Minnesota

Vernon Center is a city in Blue Earth County, Minnesota, United States.

John W. Lippitt

John W. Lippitt (April 21, 1822 Adams, Massachusetts – May 15, 1896 Solsville, New York) was an American politician from New York.

Lippitt was born on April 21, 1822 in Adams, Massachusetts. When he was young, his family moved to a farm near Solsville, New York.

He was the town supervisor of the Madison for many terms, starting in 1861. He was Chairman of the Board of Supervisors of Madison County for more than twelve years.

He was a member of the New York State Assembly in 1864 and 1872, and he was a member of the New York State Senate in 1878 and 1879.

He was buried at the Indian Opening Cemetery in Madison.


Fellowship, Louisiana

Fellowship is an unincorporated community in La Salle Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Monterey, Louisiana

Monterey is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Concordia Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Jewish Museum Berlin

The Jewish Museum Berlin ("Jüdisches Museum Berlin") is a museum that shows the history of Jews in Germany from the Middle Ages to the present day. It is the largest Jewish museum in Europe, with two buildings and about 3,500 square meters (38,000 square feet) of space. It has a library and archives and holds lectures, concerts, and conferences. The W. Michael Blumenthal Academy of the Jewish Museum is connected to the museum. The museum is one of the most visited museums in Germany, with 2,000 visitors each day and 700,000 annually.

The first Jewish Museum in Berlin opened on January 24, 1933. This was six days before the Nazis took power. The building was on the Orienburger Straße next to New Synagogue. The museum was new because it showed modern Jewish art. The museum wanted to show that Jewish history was alive and part of German culture. The Nazis shut down the museum on Kristallnacht in November of 1938. 

A "Society for a Jewish Museum" was formed in 1976. A couple of years later, the Berlin museum added a Jewish Department. In 1988, the city had a competition for the building design of the museum. Daniel Libeskind won for his zigzag design structure. The building was completed in 1999, and the museum opened in September 2001. Michael Blumenthal was the first director of the museum until 2014.

The museum has two main buildings. One is the Kollegienhaus and is in baraque style. The other is a modern building by Libeskind. The modern building contains a unique zig-zag shape and is a form of deconstructivism. The architect wanted the building to address the Holocaust in Berlin's Jewish history. 
There is much symbolism in the Libeskind structure. Empty voids fill the building. They represent "That which can never be exhibited when it comes to Jewish Berlin history: Humanity reduced to ashes." Three Axes in the structure have particular significance. Each represents paths of Jewish life in Germany: continuity, emigration and the Holocaust. The second axis of the museum connects with the Garden of Exile. The third axis connects with the Holocaust Tower.  

The new permanent exhibition has five parts. It is called "Jewish Life in Germany: Past and Present". Each part is about a different period in Jewish history in Germany. The sections are Jewish life in Ashkenaz, the emancipation of the Jews, Englightenment, Natinalsocialism, and the present. The largest sections are for the time of National Socialism and after 1945. There are several rooms just for Judaism as a religion and religious art and music. There is further a tour with narration about culture and religion. 
The past exhibition from 2001 to 2017 was "Two Millennia of German Jewish History". It showed history from the view of Jews as a minority. The exhibition included figures like Glikl bas Judah Leib and Moses Mendelssohn. The museum has had several special exhibitions. The most recent ones have been: "Welcome to Jerusalem" (2017-2019); "Cherchez la femme" (2017); "Golem" (2016-2017); "Snip it! Stances on Ritual Circumcision" (2014-2015); "A Time for Everything. Rituals Against Forgetting" (2013-2014).

The museum has an installation called "Shalekhet – Fallen leaves." It is a collection of 10,000 faces of metal plates in the Memory Void. Visitors are encouraged to walk on the metal and hear the sounds it makes. Menashe Kadishman dedicated his work to victims of the Holocaust, violence, and war. 
"The Gallery of the Mission" is another installation in the museum. It contains black mirrored glass cases which depict destroyed objects of Jewish culture. They are Encyclopaedia Judaica, Jewish hospital in Frankfurt, and the "Großer Kopf" sculpture by Otto Freundlich.

The museum and Friends and Patrons of the Jewish Museum Berlin annually give out an award called Prize for Understanding and Tolerance. Past recipients include: 

YAK-Service Flight 9633

YAK-Service Flight 9633 was an air accident that occurred at 16:02 (local time) on September 7, 2011. A Yakovlev Yak-42D passenger plane operated by the Russian airline Yak Service crashed in the Yaroslavl region (Russia). The plane overrun the runway at Tunoshna airport before taking off, hitting an antenna mast, caught fire and crashed on the Volga River bank. 44 people died, including all members of the Lokomotiv Yaroslavl ice hockey team.

The tragedy is commonly known as the Lokomotiv Yaroslavl plane crash.

On takeoff, one of the pilots accidentally applied braking to the wheels on takeoff, preventing the aircraft from leaving the ground as it overran the runway at Tunoshna. The aircraft finally left the ground on the grass, flew for a few hundred feet, struck a cell/lighting tower at the end of the runway, and entered a aerodynamic stall as the pilots aggressively attempted to climb away from foilage and trees located on the other side of the Volga River. The left wing struck the ground and caused the aircraft to drag along the ground for a few hundred feet before hitting the riverbank, breaking up, and exploding on impact.

Investigation determined that several factors caused the accident. This includes poor training, incorrect calculation of takeoff speed by the flight crew, and bad application of wheel braking by one of the pilots, who had incorrectly placed feet on the pedals. It was later revealed that the pilot had used forged documents to obtain permission to fly the plane, and that both crew members did not have the needed training to fly the Yak-42.


Pope-elect Stephen

Pope-elect Stephen (died 25 March 752) was a Roman priest. He was chosen to become pope in March 752. He died of a stroke before he was consecrated. At that time, a person became pope after he was consecrated. So, Stephen is considered only a . He is not considered a real pope.

Punjabi dialects and languages

The Punjabi dialects and varieties refers to the linguistically classified groups of the Punjabi language such as its dialects and varieties, which are spoken around the Punjab region of Pakistan and India. The Punjabi dialects and languages have been made into three groups:

Punjabi is a language derived from Sanskrit and Pali. Many varieties or dialects spoken in northern India and Pakistan, such as Dogri, Bilaspuri, Bhattiyali and Kangri are said to be related to Punjabi and even share mutual intelligibility, to some extent, with proper Punjabi varieties.

Pahari-Pothwari people

The Pothwari people or the Pahari people are a linguistic group native to the Pothohar Plateau in North Western Punjab region in Punjab (Pakistan) and Kashmir. They are the majority in the Pothohar Plateau in Pakistan. A minority are found in Indian Kashmir and Punjab following the partition of 1947.

Speakers of Pothwari are Panjabis. 

Lahnda

Lahnda, also known as Lehndi or Western Punjabi, is a group of Punjabi dialects and varieties, within the north-western Indo-Aryan language family. It is spoken in Pakistan and India, which originates in areas of western Punjab region, as well as in Hazara region of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. Saraiki and Hindko are often grouped in the Lahnda dialects. When the partition of India occurred in 1947, many speakers of Lahnda varieties migrated to areas of eastern Punjab in India. Today the dialects of Lahnda spoken in both Pakistan and India are mixed in origin.

Lahnda includes the following varieties: 
"Ethnologue" also adds the Majhi dialects transitional between Lahnda and Eastern Punjabi; these are spoken by about 66 million people.

Northern Hindko

Northern Hindko or Hazari Panjabi is a dialect of Hindko spoken in the Hazara Division. It is the most spoken variety of Hindko dialect of Panjabi.

Haryanvi language

Haryanvi is a dialect of Panjabi language,spoken in Haryana, India. It is also spoken by Muslim Haryanvis who settled in Karachi, Hyderabad and other cities of Pakistan who call it Rangri.

Jandavra language

Jandavra is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in Sindh, Pakistan. Around 5,000 people speak it. It is also spoken in Rajasthan, India.

National Transportation Safety Board

The National Transportation Safety Board (NTSB) is an independent U.S. government investigative agency responsible for civil transportation accident investigation. Upon request, the NTSB may assist the military and foreign governments with accident investigations. The agency is headquartered in Washington D.C.


The US President Joe Biden has nominated board member Jennifer Homendy to serve as the next Senate-confirmed chair.

The Hex Girls

The Hex Girls (or simply Hex Girls) are a fictional female band created by writers Rick Copp and David A. Goodman. It was portrayed by actresses and singer-songwriters Jennifer Hale (as lead singer and guitarist Thorn, real name Sally McKnight), Jane Wiedlin (as drummer and back-up singer Dusk) and Kimberly Brooks (as keyboardist and back-up singer Luna). Hale, Wiedlin and Brooks write and perform original songs for the band.



Nicktoons (British and Irish TV channel)

Nicktoons (or sometimes Nicktoons Network) is a network that had its launch in the late 70s. It was the network to air the first three Nicktoons, (The Ren and Stimpy Show), (Doug) and (Rugrats). It's one of the most famous channels in the UK. Its most famous shows are Hey Arnold, Spongebob SquarePants and The Loud House.

Kalkot Tehsil

Kalkot is a tehsil of Upper Dir District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa. It is located in the northern most point in Pakistan's Pakhtunkhwa. Muhammad Zada is the current tehsildar and he is from the Pakistan Muslim League party.

Terara Network

Terara Network is an Ethiopian news commentary organization. It focuses on Ethiopian political issues. It has faced issues with law enforcement in the country as its owner who founded the company has been arrested for 4 months without charge. The company is one of many journalistic organizations in Ethiopia who has faced trouble and persecution by the government of Ethiopia.

Wynne Bradburn

Wynne Pennell Bradburn was born 24 November, 1938 in Thames and died 25 September, 2008 in Hamilton. He is a former cricketer who played 2 tests for New Zealand in 1963/64. He twice carried the bat in first class matches. He is the father of New Zealand cricketer Grant Bradburn.

Richard Onnes

Richard Pieter Onnes (10 February 1945 — 13 July 2016) was a Dutch volleyball player. He was a member of the Dutch national team playing 54 matches.

Onnes was born in Hoogeveen in 1945. At young age he played both football and volleyball. On the advice of his gymnastics teaches he chose for volleyball. He played volleyball with Olhaco in Hoogeveen. He played for the junior national team. He made his debut for the Dutch national team in 1965. He played 54 matches for the national team, among others at the West-European championships. He couldn’t compete at the 1969 West-European championships because he didn’t had the time for it. 

With his club Olhaco he finished second during the 1965-66 season in the Eredivisie, the Dutch highest league. Onnes moved Olhaco and played for Belgian club Hoevoc during the 1967-68 season. Later in 1968 he moved to SFC in Assen. After a disagreement with the trainer about training sessions, he left SFC in March 1969 together with Jan Blaauw. However, later he returned to SFC. From 1971 he couldn’t play for two years due to his work. He returned at SFC in January 1973. 

Onnes became volleyball trainer of Durac ‘66 in January 1968.

Onnes was married to Jennie Bruins. They had two children and three grandchildren. Onnes died on 13 July 2016, at the age of 71.

Thurman D. Rodgers

Thurman Donell Rodgers (December 1, 1934 – June 9, 2022) was a lieutenant general in the United States Army. From March 1979 to April 1981, Rodgers served as commanding officer of the 7th Signal Brigade.

Eva Steininger-Bludau

Eva Steininger-Bludau (21 July 1951 – 9 June 2022) was a German politician. She was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. She was in the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia from 2010 to 2017. She was born in Castrop-Rauxel, North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany.

Steininger-Bludau died on 9 June 2022 at the age of 70.

Vitaly Prilukov

Vitaly Mikhailovich Prilukov (; 25 February 1939 – 11 June 2022) was a Russian military officer and politician. He was deputy chairman of the KGB from March to August 1991 and was on the Supreme Soviet of Russia from 1990 to 1993.

Prilukov died on 11 June 2022 at the age of 83.

Anatoly Mikhaylov

Anatoly Arkadyevich Mikhaylov (; 14 September 1936 – 13 June 2022) was a Soviet athlete. He competed mainly in the 110-metre hurdles. He competed for the USSR in the 1964 Summer Olympics held in Tokyo, Japan, where he won the bronze medal.

Mikhaylov died on 13 June 2022, aged 85.

Cho Min-ho

Cho Min-ho (, 4 January 1987 – 15 June 2022) was a South Korean professional ice hockey center. He played for Anyang Halla. Cho was born in Seoul, South Korea. He also played for the South Korea men's national ice hockey team. His career began in 2009 and he stopped playing in 2021.

Cho died from lung cancer in Seoul on 15 June 2022 at the age of 35.

Joe Lombardo

Joseph Michael Lombardo (born November 8, 1962) is an American law enforcement officer and politician who is the 31st Governor of Nevada since 2023. He was the 17th sheriff of Clark County from 2015 to 2023. He is a member of the Republican Party. Lombardo was the Republican nominee for Governor of Nevada in the 2022 election and defeated Democratic incumbent governor Steve Sisolak.

Ayarzaguena's tree frog

The white-lipped tree frog or Ayarzaguena's tree frog ("Tepuihyla edelcae") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela. Scientists have seen it between 1700 and 2100 meters above sea level. It lives in the Auyántepui and the Los Testigos Range of mountains.

Ondrej Rigo

Ondrej Rigo (17 December 1955 – 14 June 2022) was a Slovak serial killer and necrophile. He killed women in Bratislava, Munich and Amsterdam from 1990 to 1992. He served until his death a life sentence for nine murders and one attempted murder in Leopoldov Prison in Slovakia. 

Rigo was diagnosed with a schizoid personality disorder and an antisocial personality disorder as well as necrophilia.

Yuri Fedotov

Yury Viktorovich Fedotov (, 14 December 1947 – 16 June 2022) was a Russian politician. He was executive director of the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime (UNODC) and director-general of the United Nations Office at Vienna (UNOV) from 2010 until 2019. He was the Ambassador of Russia to the United Kingdom from 2005 until 2010. Fedotov was born in Sukhumi, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union. From 2002 until 2005, he was the Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs.

Fedotov died on 16 June 2022 in Vienna, Austria at the age of 74.

Shopkeeping Goddesses

Shopkeeping Goddesses or Shopkeeper Goddesses (, ) are the goddesses in Meitei mythology and religion (Sanamahism). They are worshipped by the people in Ancient Kangleipak (Antique Manipur). These goddesses are known for market for different shops. Different stories have different answers to how many shopkeeping goddesses there are. They are Cheng Leima, Chinga Leima, Heipok Leima, Hei Leima, Laa Leima, Phu Leima, Pishum Leima, Thangching Leima, Waisheng Leima, Waithou Leima and Waal Leima.


Vikidia

Vikidia is a free online encyclopedia based on wiki, content has a general theme adapted for children and teenagers, and is open to the participation of people of all ages.

One of the users who joined this project, Mathias Damour (registered under the name Astirmays), differed in that the texts should be corrected a priori instead of being created and edited by the children themselves, not believing that they would see a closing agreement in the aforementioned discussion. That is why on November 17, 2006, autonomously and independently of the Wikimedia Foundation, the Vikidia wiki was launched. 

As of December 2022, Vikidia has articles in French, German, Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, Russian, Armenian, Greek, Catalan, Basque, and Sicilian. For example, the section in French contains 37.1 thousand articles, in English - 4.2 thousand articles, in Russian - a few hundred.

Mathias Damour

Mathias Damour (born in 1975 in France) is founder of the free project Vikidia, in 2006. 

Following the proposal of a French Wikipedia user, the possibility that between users and the Wikimedia Foundation an encyclopedia for children was evaluated. The idea was to make some Wikipedia articles that would be selected and then adapted for a young audience. This discussion also carried over to other language versions of Wikipedia, Currently lives in Annecy, France, Prior to Vikidia, he was a French Wikipedia contributor using the Astirmays account.

The English version was created in 2014.

In 2022 it had more than 4,000 articles.

Animals Are Beautiful People

Animals Are Beautiful People (also called Beautiful People) is a 1974 South African nature documentary movie.
It was written, produced, directed, filmed and edited by Jamie Uys, about the wildlife in Southern Africa, presented with comedic elements. It was filmed in the Namib Desert, the Kalahari Desert and the Okavango River and Okavango Delta. 
It received the 1974 Golden Globe Award for Best Documentary Film.

The film, a critical and commercial success, was independently made by Uys, also known for his later African comedy The Gods Must Be Crazy (1980).


Airline, Texas

Airline is an unincorporated community in Harris County, Texas, United States.

Muppets from Space

Muppets from Space is a 1999 American science-fiction comedy-drama movie. 
It was directed by Tim Hill (in his feature film directorial debut) and written by Jerry Juhl, Joseph Mazzarino, and Ken Kaufman. The sixth theatrical movie in "The Muppets" franchise, it is the first Muppets film to not be a musical and the first film since the death of Muppets creator Jim Henson to have an original Muppets-focused plot. In addition to the Muppet performers, the film stars Jeffrey Tambor, F. Murray Abraham, David Arquette, Josh Charles, Hollywood Hogan, Ray Liotta, and Andie MacDowell. In the film, Gonzo attempts to discover his origins after having nightmares. After he and Rizzo the Rat are captured by government officials during his search, Kermit the Frog and the rest of the Muppet gang must save them.

Jerry Juhl

Jerome Ravn Juhl (July 27, 1938 – September 27, 2005) was an American television and film writer, best known for his work with The Muppets.

Joey Mazzarino

Joseph Mazzarino (born June 4, 1968) is an American actor, puppeteer, writer and director. He is best known for his roles on "Sesame Street" as Murray Monster, Stinky the Stinkweed and other Muppets, and being head writer and director on "Sesame Street". He has won 22 Emmy Awards for his work.

Jamshied Sharifi

Jamshied Sharifi (born October 17, 1960) is an American composer and musician. He was born in Topeka, Kansas to an Iranian father and an American mother. At an early age, Sharifi was exposed to Jazz and Middle Eastern music by his father and to European classical and church music by his mother. He began to study classical piano at age five and quickly developed a thirst for musical instruction and a desire to improvise. At age nine he began studying guitar and drums, and at age ten added flute.

Bill Barretta

Paul Barretta (born June 19, 1964) is an American puppeteer, actor, producer, writer, and director. He is best known for providing the puppetry and voice of many Muppet characters . These include Pepe the King Prawn, Johnny Fiama, Big Mean Carl, and Bobo the Bear. He also did Rowlf the Dog, The Swedish Chef, Mahna Mahna and Dr. Teeth after the death of Muppet creator Jim Henson.

Dave Goelz

Dave Goelz (born July 16, 1946) is an American puppeteer and puppet builder known for his work with the Muppets. As part of the Muppets' performing cast, Goelz performs Gonzo the Great, as well as Dr. Bunsen Honeydew, Waldorf (after Jim Henson's death), Zoot and Beauregard, originating on "The Muppet Show". Goelz's puppeteering roles also included in "Fraggle Rock", "The Dark Crystal", and "Labyrinth". Outside of puppeteering work, he was also the voice of Figment in the Journey into Imagination with Figmentattraction at Epcot.

Richard Pearson (movie editor)

Richard Pearson (born 1961) is an American movie editor. He works for action movies. Pearson, with Clare Douglas and Christopher Rouse, received the BAFTA Award for Best Editing for "United 93" (2006).

Els Mulder-Kruims

Els Mulder-Kruims (born 1957) is a former Dutch volleyball player. She was a member of the Dutch national team. She played with the national team 166 matches. She competed at several European Championships and two World Championships. At the 1981 Spring Cup in Wien she was the most valuable player. When she left the national team in 1985, she received a medal of honor from the Assen municipality.

On club level Mulder-Kruims made here debut in the Eredivisie at the age of 16 in 1973 with SFC. She later played with Sudosa in Assen. Due to private reasons she moved to DL/Amsterdam in 1982. She retired in 1987.

She married to Reinhardt Mulder who played korfball at elite level at DOS’46.

Jogi language

Jogi is a variety of Marwari spoken in parts of Sindh in Pakistan and Gujarat in India. The people who speak Jogi are the Jogi people.

Kauravi dialect

Kauravi is a group of dialects of Hindustani that originated in the city of Delhi, India. Nowadays it is spoken around India like Haryana, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Uttarakhand, Punjab and even in Karachi, Pakistan. It is also known as Khariboli, the ancestor to Urdu which then created modern Hindi.

Kachi Koli language

Kachi Koli is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in Sindh, Pakistan as well as a smaller community in Gujarat, India. Many of the Kachi Koli speakers have now migrated to Malawi and they are Hindu.

Kim family

The Kim family is a three-generation lineage of North Korean leaders. It started from the country's founder and first leader, Kim Il-sung. The Workers' Party of Korea calls it the Mount Paektu bloodline and some people call it the Kim Dynasty. The family has ruled North Korea since 1948.

The Kim family has been at the helm of North Korea since its founding. Kim Il-sung, the founding leader, established the regime in 1948. His son, Kim Jong-il, succeeded him, followed by Kim Jong-un, the current leader. The family's rule has been marked by authoritarianism, isolationism, and nuclear ambitions, shaping North Korea's complex history.

Wadiyara Koli language

Wadiyara Koli is an Indo-Aryan language spoken in Sindh, Pakistan and Gujarat, India. Wadiyara Koli is closely related to Kachi Koli.

Memoni language

Memoni is an Indo-Aryan language spoken only by Kathiawari amd Bantva Memons from Kathiawar region of Gujarat, India. Memoni is also spoken in Sindh, Pakistan by Kathiawari memons who migrated to Sindh after partition. Memoni is a transitional language of Sindhi, Gujarati, Urdu, and Persian.

Johann Gerhard König

Johann Gerhard König was born on 29 November 1728. He was a German botanist and physician by profession. Johann Gerhard served in the Tranquebar Mission, India before joining service under the Nawab of Arcot, and then the English East India Company. John Gerhard was fascinated by collecting natural history specimens including plants, particularly those of medical interest. Many species are named after him including the curry tree ("Murraya koenigii"). He died on 26 June 1785.

Eline Wiltens-Braaksma

Eline Wiltens-Braaksma (born 1960) is a former Dutch volleyball player. 

She was a member of the Dutch national team. She played with the national team 53 matches including at two European Championships and the 1982 World Championships. After the World Championships she left the national team. 

On club level she played with Sudosa where she retired in 1983. In November 1984 she stated to help the team to return for four matches. After years of not playing volleyball, she started playing again in 1992 and returned in 1993 to Sudosa where she played in the first and second division. She played with the team until the late 1990s when she was already over 40 years old. She started playing with DOK in Dwingeloo in th first division and retired in 2004.

Carina Hiemink

Carina Hiemink (28 September 1953 - 12 October 2014) was a Dutch volleyball player.

She was a member of the Dutch national team. She played a total of 36 matches witn the national team, including at the 1977 European Championships and the 1978 World Championships.

Hiemink started playing volleybal at high school. On club level she played in the 1970s with Sudosa SFC and Sudosa. She was the captain of the team. She retired in 1982 after a volleyball career of 14 years.

Hiemink was the daughter of a book seller in Assen. She attended the (ALO). She worked at KMBO-Assen. Hiemink had two children. Hiemink died in Assen on 12 October 2014 at the age of 61.

Deathtrap (movie)

Deathtrap is a 1982 American black comedy mystery movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the 1978 play of the same name by Ira Levin. It stars Christopher Reeve, Michael Caine, Dyan Cannon, Irene Worth, Henry Jones, Joe Silver and was distributed by Warner Bros..


You Win Again (Bee Gees song)

"You Win Again" is a song from 1987. It was written by Barry, Robin and Maurice Gibb. It was performed by the Bee Gees. The band released it as a single in late 1987 and from their album "E.S.P.". It marked the start of the band being popular again. It was a No. 1 hit in a lot of European countries, and it topped the UK Singles Chart. That made it the band’s first song to top that chart in over eight years. It also made them the first band to score a UK No. 1 hit in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s.

Wuthering Heights (song)

"Wuthering Heights" is a song by English singer and songwriter Kate Bush.
It was released as Bush’s first single on 20 January 1978. The release was through EMI Records. The song was based on the 1847 Emily Brontë book that was also called Wuthering Heights. The song was released as the lead single from Bush's first studio album, The Kick Inside. It was number one on the UK Singles Chart for four weeks. It is still Bush's biggest hit. It also reached the top of the charts in Australia, Ireland, Italy, New Zealand and Portugal. This song made Bush the first female singer in the United Kingdom to make a number-one single out of a song that she wrote herself. It was covered by Pat Benatar for her 1980 album "Crimes of Passion".

We're Good

"We're Good" is a song by English singer Dua Lipa. It is from the album . The album is from 2021. It is the deluxe version of Dua Lipa’s second studio album, which is just called Future Nostalgia 2020. The song was written by the singer, Emily Warren, Scott Harris, and Sly. Sly handled actually making the song. It was released m for digital download and streaming on 11 February 2021. It was the lead single from the album, and it came out at the same time as the album too. "We're Good" is a bossa nova and 2000s-styled, midtempo (not very fast or very slow) tropical-pop song with trap and reggae rock parts. It talks about the singer imagining a friendly breakup with her ex-boyfriend.

Walter Sedlmayr

Walter Sedlmayr was born on 6 January 1926. He was a popular German stage, television, and movie actor. He was born in Bavaria. He was killed by two of his half-brothers on 14 July 1990.

Mewari language

Mewari is a variety Marwari spoken in Rajasthan, India, primarily the Mewar region and Sindh, Pakistan near the border with India. It is the second most spoken language in Rajasthan after Marwari.

Persian Romani

Persian Romani also known as Ghorbati/Qorbati (قوربتی) is a Persian and Romani mixed language spoken in Khorasan (Iran, Afghanistan, and Pakistan) as well as Central Asia (Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Turkmenistan, and Kyrgyzstan). It has mostly Persian vocabulary with a few additional native Romani words.

Sindhi Bhili (dialect)

Sindhi Bhili/Bhilki is a dialect of Sindhi Language spoken by the Hindu Sindhi Bhil and Sindhi Meghwar, community of Pakistan scattered across Sindh and Balochistan.

Loarki language

Loarki is a Indo-Aryan language spoken in Sindh, Pakistan as well as Rajasthan, India.

Campion, Western Australia

Campion was a town in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. It is on the Koorda–Bullfinch Road. Chandler is nearby, and the closest main town is Mukinbudin. Now Campion is a ghost town. Nobody lives there.

Campion was named after Sir William Campion. He was the Governor of Western Australia from 1924 to 1931.

Retired soldiers started the town as part of a soldier settlement scheme. They built a school in 1925 and a railway siding in 1927. The siding was used until 1957.

The "Emu War" of 1932 happened in Campion.


All Saints (All Saints album)

All Saints is the debut studio album by English girl band All Saints. The album was released on November 24, 1997 through London Records. It spawned the biggest single "Never Ever.

Guerrilla of Ñancahuazú

The Guerrilla of Ñancahuzú was a war that took place between November 3, 1966 and October 9, 1967 in Bolivia, in the department of Santa Cruz. This conflict was between the Bolivian National Liberation Army, led by Ernesto Gevara and supported by Cuba and the Soviet Union, against the Bolivian army, supported by the United States.

The result was a victory for the Bolivian army and the CIA with the capture and execution of "Che" Guevara.

The guerrilla begins with the organization of a guerrilla group in Bolivia commanded by Ernesto Guevara who, after his failed attempt to establish a communist dictatorship in Africa, tries in South America, using Bolivia as an ideal point for the expansion of his ideals. The CIA warned and prepared the Bolivian Army in anti-guerrilla struggle which allowed them to capture Che Guevara in La Higuera (Vallegrande Province) on October 8, 1967 in the Quebrada del Churo, Che was executed by the Bolivian Army on October 9, 1967.

Meitei mythology

Meitei mythology or Manipuri mythology is a collection of myths about the religious and cultural traditions of the Meitei people, the largest ethnic group of Manipur. Meitei myths are a part of Meitei culture (Manipuri culture) and explain various natural phenomena, how the human civilization developed, and the reasons of many things happening. Most of the Meitei legends are found in the Meitei language (Manipuri language) books.

Mythical narration plays an important role in nearly every ways of Meitei literature. Some of the best known literary sources are:
Mythical beings include gods, goddesses, mythical creatures and many others.

Campbell Scott

Campbell Scott (born July 19, 1961) is an American actor, producer and director. His roles include Steve Dunne in "Singles", Mark Usher in "House of Cards", Joseph Tobin in "Damages", Richard Parker in "The Amazing Spider-Man" and "The Amazing Spider-Man 2" and Lewis Dodgson in "Jurassic World Dominion".

Chamber of Representatives of Uruguay

The Chamber of Representatives () is the lower house of the General Assembly of Uruguay ("Asamblea General de Uruguay"). The Chamber has 99 members, elected for a five-year term with at least two members per department.

General Assembly of Uruguay

The General Assembly of Uruguay () is the legislative branch of the government of Uruguay, and has two chambers: the Chamber of Senators and the Chamber of Representatives. General Assembly has 130 voting members: 99 representatives and 30 senators, the Vice President of the Republic, who is the President of the General Assembly, and the Senate has the right to vote. 

The legislature meets in the Legislative Palace in Montevideo. Both senators and representatives serve for five-year terms.

Vice President of Uruguay

The vice president of Uruguay is the person with the second highest position in the executive branch of the Uruguayan government, after the President of Uruguay. The Vice President replaces the elected President in case of his death or absence. The vice president is also an officer in the legislative branch, as president of the Chamber of Senators and of the General Assembly.

The current Vice President is Beatriz Argimón, who took office on March 1, 2020.

Danilo Astori

Danilo Ángel Astori Saragosa (April 23, 1940 – November 10, 2023) was a Uruguayan social democratic politician. He was Vice President of Uruguay from 2010 to 2015. He was the Minister of Economics and Finance from 2005 to 2008.

In October 2023, Astori was hospitalised with a fractured hip; he subsequently died of respiratory failure on 10 November 2023, at the age of 83.

Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez

Raúl Fernando Sendic Rodríguez (born 29 August 1962) is a Uruguayan politician. He was the Vice President of Uruguay from 1 March 2015 to 13 September 2017.

Rodolfo Nin Novoa

Rodolfo Nin Novoa (born 25 January 1948) is a Uruguayan politician. He was the 14th vice president of Uruguay from 2005 to 2010. He also was Minister of Foreign Relations of Uruguay from 2015 to 2020 under Tabaré Vázquez.

Luis Antonio Hierro López

Luis Antonio Hierro López (born June 6, 1947) is a Uruguayan politician. He was the 13th vice president of Uruguay from 2000 to 2005 under Jorge Batlle. He was a member of the Colorado Party. Hierro López was National Representative, Senator and as Ministry of the Interior. He also was President of the Chamber of Representatives. 

Jorge Pacheco Areco

Jorge Pacheco Areco (April 9, 1920 – July 29, 1998) was a Uruguayan politician and member of the Colorado Party. He was the President of Uruguay from December 6, 1967 to March 1, 1972.

Gonzalo Aguirre Ramírez

Gonzalo Aguirre Ramírez (January 25, 1940 – April 27, 2021) was a Uruguayan politician, lawyer, and newspaper columnist. He was Vice President of Uruguay from 1990 to 1995. He was born in Montevideo, Uruguay. He was a member of the National Party. Aguirre Ramírez was also a member of the Senate of Uruguay from 1985 until 1990.

Aguirre Ramírez died on April 27, 2021 in Montevideo from problems caused by Parkinson's disease at the age of 81.

Hugo Fernández Faingold

Hugo Fernández Faingold (born 1 March 1947) is a Uruguayan politician. He was the Vice President of Uruguay from 1998 until 2000. He was born in Montevideo, Uruguay. He was a member of the Colorado Party. In 1989, he unsuccessfully ran for President of Uruguay.

Beatriz Argimón

Beatriz Argimón Cedeira (born 14 August 1961) is a Uruguayan politician. She is a member of the National Party (PN). She is the 18th Vice President of Uruguay since March 1, 2020. 

She was a National Representative for Montevideo Department between 2000 and 2010, and has been a member of the National Party Board since 2009. 

Artigas Barrios

Artigas Barrios (7 July 1937 – 16 June 2022) was an Uruguayan politician. He was born in Lascano, Uruguay. He was a member of the National Front Party. Barrios was a member of the Chamber of Representatives from 2000 until 2005. He also was an Intendant of Rocha Department from 2005 until 2015.

Barrios died on 16 June 2022 in Montevideo, Uruguay from pneumonia, aged 84

Jan Klijnjan

Jan Klijnjan (26 February 1945 – 15 June 2022) was a Dutch professional footballer. He played as a midfielder and striker. He made 11 appearances for the Netherlands national team between 1967 and 1972. Klijnjan was born in Papendrecht, Netherlands.

Klijnjan died on 15 June 2022 in Dordrecht, Netherlands at the age of 77.

Don Neely

Donald Owen Neely (21 December 1935 – 16 June 2022) was a New Zealand cricket historian, administrator and player. He was the president of New Zealand Cricket from 2006 until 2009. He wrote over 30 books on New Zealand cricket. Neely was born in Wellington, New Zealand. A player, he played for the Wellington cricket team from 1964 until 1968 and Auckland cricket team from 1968 until 1971.

Neely died on 16 June 2022 in Wellington at the age of 86.

Jean-Jacques Barthe

Jean-Jacques Barthe (27 June 1936 – 10 June 2022) was a French PCF politician. Barthe was born in Calais, France. He was a member of the French National Assembly from 1973 until 1988. Barthe was also the Mayor of Calais from 1971 to 2000. Barthe was also a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe from 1981 until 1982.

Barthe died on 10 June 2022 in Calais at the age of 85.

Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe

The Parliamentary Assembly of the Council of Europe (PACE) is the parliamentary body of the Council of Europe. They focus on making and passing laws in the European Union supporting human rights, democracy and the rule of law.

The Assembly is made up of 306 members. They meet four times a year for week-long sessions in Strasbourg, France.

The Assembly held its first session in Strasbourg on 10 August 1949, making it one of the oldest international assemblies in Europe. 

Some of they goals they focus on are:

Dom Phillips

Dominic Mark Phillips better known as Dom Phillips (23 July 1964 – 13 June 2022) was a British journalist and freelance writer for The Guardian, he wrote for the Washington Post, The New York Times and The Financial Times.

On June 5, 2022, he and Brazilian indigenous peoples expert Bruno Araújo Pereira disappeared in the remote Javari Valley on the western edge of Brazil's Amazon state, one of the most remote areas of the rainforest.

On June 3, 2022, The expert on Indigenous peoples Bruno Pereira and Dom Phillips arrived at Lago do Jaburu, a town near the surveillance base of the National Indian Foundation (Funai) on the Ituí River, so that Phillips could visit the place and conduct interviews with indigenous people. They then went to the community of São Rafael where they would hold a meeting with a local fisherman nicknamed "Churrasco". The objective of the meeting was to discuss the joint work between riverside residents and indigenous people in the surveillance of the Javari Valley, a territory highly affected by invasions and criminal activities. However, the resident was not in the community. Bruno and Dom traveled down the Itaguaí River to the municipality of Atalaia do Norte and then disappeared.

The Brazilian embassy released a statement that his body had been found on Monday, 13 June, but retracted it the following day, apologizing to Phillips' family for "information that did not prove correct."

On 15 June, a man named Amarildo da Costa da Oliveira, who was arrested days before in connection with the case, confessed to shooting and killing both Phillips and Pereira. He also told the police where the remains were buried. The remains were then discovered by the Brazilian authorities, who sent them to the country’s capital, Brasilia, to be examined.

On 17 June, the remains that were discovered were identified as belonging to Phillips, these were authenticated through dental records. The second body - believed to be of Pereira, was still being examined.

Tony Boskovic

Anton "Tony" Boskovic (27 January 1933 – 16 June 2022) was a Croatian-born Australian soccer referee. He was born in Blato, Croatia. He refereed two matches in the FIFA World Cup, one in 1974 and one in 1982. He entered the Football Federation Australia Hall of Fame in 1999.

Boskovic died on 16 June 2022, aged 89.

Father of the Bride (2022 movie)

Father of the Bride is a 2022 American romantic comedy movie directed by Gaz Alazraki. It is based on the 1949 novel of the same name by Edward Streeter. The movie stars Andy García, Gloria Estefan, Adria Arjona, Isabela Merced, Diego Boneta, and Chloe Fineman. It is the third filmed version of the story, after the original 1950 movie and the 1991 remake. It was released on June 16, 2022, by Warner Bros. Pictures and HBO Max to positive reviews.

Diego Boneta

Diego Andrés González Boneta (born November 29, 1990) is a Mexican actor, producer and singer. He appeared in the movie "Rock of Ages" (2012) and the "Netflix" biographical series "" (2018). 

Boneta has triple citizenship, the other two being from the United States and Spain.

Edward Streeter

Edward Streeter (August 1, 1891 – March 31, 1976), sometimes credited as E. Streeter, was an American novelist, banker and journalist. He was best known for writing the 1949 novel "Father of the Bride" and his "Dere Mable" series. Streeter was born in Buffalo, New York. He began writing novels while he was Vice President of Fifth Avenue Bank.

Streeter died on March 31, 1976 in New York City, aged 84.

Nancy Meyers

Nancy Jane Meyers (born December 8, 1949) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. She is made "Private Benjamin" (1980), "Irreconcilable Differences" (1984), "Baby Boom" (1987), "Father of the Bride" (1991), "Father of the Bride Part II" (1995), "The Parent Trap" (1998), "What Women Want" (2000), "Something's Gotta Give" (2003), "The Holiday" (2006), "It's Complicated" (2009), and "The Intern" (2015).

Meyers was nominated for an Academy Award for best screenwriting for "Private Benjamin" (1980).

Cass Sunstein

Cass Robert Sunstein (born September 21, 1954) is an American legal scholar and politician. He studies of constitutional law, administrative law, environmental law, and law and behavioral economics. 

He wrote "The World According to Star Wars" (2016) and "Nudge " (2008). He was the Administrator of the White House Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs in the Obama administration from 2009 to 2012.

In 2008, he married Samantha Power.

Dominik García-Lorido

Dominik Cristina García-Lorido (born August 16, 1983) is an American actress. She is known for her roles in "The Lost City" as Mercedes Fellove and "City Island" as Vivian Rizzo. Her father is actor Andy García. She also had a role in the television series "Magic City".

Johnny Groen

Johnny Groen (born 6 December 1945) is a former Dutch volleyball player and coach.

He was a member of the Dutch national team. He played among others at the 1968 West European Championships in Germany.

After playing with Oldehove in Leeuwarden he moved to Oranje Nassau in Groningen. At the time he played with Oranje Nassau he also played with the National Military Team in 1967. In the late 1960s he moved to SFC in Assen where he became the most important player of the club. In September 1969 the chairman of the club Blokkeer in Rijswijk stated that Groen would move to that club. This was at the time denied by Groen. However in May 1970 he announced that he would moved to Blokkeer in The Hague where he as also offered by the club a job and a house. However, he didn’t move directly from Assen where he lived, as he wanted to complete his studies physical education in Groningen first. Groen's departure was seen as an important loss for the club. In 1975 he was the main attacker of the club Gaggenau and became with the club national champion. In the late 1970s Groen played with Viano. He had a conflict with the team in February 1979.

In mid-1979 he became volleyball trainer of LUSV in Leiden.

Ragamuffin War

The Ragamuffin War (Portuguese: "Guerra dos Farrapos" or "Revolução Farroupilha") was an uprising that began in southern Brazil. It started in the province (current state) of Rio Grande do Sul in 1835.


Jan Koster

Jan Koster (29 June 1943 — 3 April 2013) was a Dutch footballer, professional volleyball player, volleyball coach and pub owner. During his playing career he played as a libero for 16 years in the Dutch Volleyball League, being a key person for the teams he played with. 

Koster didn’t accept the offer to play for the national team. Although not playing for the national team, Koster was named as one of the best volleyball players of Drenthe in the 1970s and possibly one of the best ever Dutch libero players.

During his best years he was nicknamed due to his good technique (translated: Jan with the golden hands) or (translated: Jan with the velvet hands).

Af young age Koster played both volleyball and football. As a footballer he played with Asser Christelijke Voetbalvereniging and made his debut in the first league at the age of 16. Two years later he didn’t want to combine football and volleyball and chose, also because of his friend, for volleyball.

He played a total of 16 seasons in the Dutch volleyball league. He started playing with SUES and he played afterwards with SFC in Assen. Koster was a key person for the team. After Hans Zaaijer and Jelke Smit left the club, Koster also left SFC in 1973 and became player and trainer with Oranje Nassau in Groningen. He also started studying economics in Groningen. The team was very dissatisfied that he left, also because negotiations had already been done with him. However, he returned as coach at SFC for the women’s team. He trained the women’s team for three seasons until 1977. He was successful with the team. He stopped because he couldn’t combine it anymore with his job as pub owner. He was from 1981 coach of Lycurgus, replacing .

During his career Koster played for the national student team and the national militairy team. He was invited, but didn’t accept the offer to play for the main national team.

Koster worked as a gymnastic teacher. Koster took over pub “Havenzicht” in 1975 together with volleyball player Piet Swieter, but short after it became his own cafe. The cafe was a well known meeting place for (known) volleyball players, basketball players and other sportspeople. Koster had a room above Havenzicht but lived somewhere else.

Koster died in 3 April 2013. Koster was described after his death by coach of the 1996 Olympic winning team Joop Alberda as “legendary”. After his death, Havenzicht was closed after almost 150 years in July 2020.

Tepuihyla luteolabris

The Marahuaca tree frog ("Tepuihyla luteolabris") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela. Scientists have seen on two table-shaped mountains: Marahuaca Norte in Amazonas and Cerro Galicia in Sierra de San Luis.

Human rights in Burundi

Burundi has been cited as a State guilty of human rights abuses. The 2010 Transparency International report named Burundi as the most corrupt country in East Africa.

Human rights in Rwanda

Human rights in Rwanda have been violated on a grand scale. The greatest violation is the Rwandan genocide of Tutsi in 1994. The post-genocide government is also responsible for grave violations of human rights.

LGBT rights in Kenya

Homosexual acts are illegal in Kenya and punishable by up to 14 years in prison. Although the state often turns a blind eye to prosecute gay people. 
According to a 2013 survey by the Pew Research Center, 90% of Kenyans believe that homosexuality should not be accepted by society. 
While addressing a joint press conference with President Barack Obama in 2015, President Kenyatta declined to assure Kenya's commitment to gay rights. He said that "the issue of gay rights is really a non-issue... But there are some things that we must admit we don't share. Our culture, our societies don't accept."

Human rights in South Sudan

Human rights in South Sudan are a long term issue. It is part of the country's violent history.

Human rights in Ethiopia

Ethiopia has a long history of social conservatism and same-sex activity is considered a minor phenomenon. In addition to that, there is no clear evidence of same-sex activity in the past until 2008, ensued by rapidly but rare appearance of LGBT scenes through urban areas of Addis Ababa.

Human rights in China

There is disagreement about human rights in China. The Chinese Communist Party, the government of the People's Republic of China and their supporters say that existing policies and enforcement measures are sufficient to guard against human rights abuses. Other countries and their authorities (such as the United States Department of State, and Global Affairs Canada), and some international non-governmental organizations including Human Rights in China and Amnesty International, and citizens, lawyers, and dissidents inside the country, say that the authorities in mainland China organize such abuses. They say freedom of speech, movement, and religion of its citizens are not respected.
The Chinese authorities say that they define human rights differently. They include economic and social as well as political rights, all in relation to "national culture" and the level of development of the country. Their definition is not the same as in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights. The Chinese constitution has the Four Cardinal Principles which they say are more important:


In 2001, homosexuality was removed from the official list of mental illnesses in China. China recognizes neither same-sex marriage nor civil unions.

According to the criminal law of the PRC, only females can be victims of rape, and a man who has been raped cannot accuse the rapists (who can be men or women) of rape. However, the criminal law of the PRC's constitution in mainland China had been amended in August 2015. Thus, males can be victims of indecency, but the articles on the criminal law which are related to rape still remain unchanged, so male rape victims can only accuse the rapists of indecency.

In 2023 China got the lowest ranking in the world for safety from state actions and the right to assemble by the New Zealand Human Rights Measurement Initiative. It did much better on economic indicators, such as the right to food, health and housing.

Seaxburh of Wessex

Seaxburh (died c. 674) was a queen of Wessex.

Vyt-lès-Belvoir

Vyt-lès-Belvoir is a commune (township) in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of eastern France.

Vacation Bible school

A Vacation Bible School (VBS) is a kind of religious education for children. Churches usually hold the schools for a week during the summer, but how long each VBS lasts can change. Vacation Bible Schools sometimes happen during other times of the year, too.

Vaghri language

Vaghri is a Indo-Aryan language of Sindh, Pakistan. It is closely related to Wagdi, Bauria, and Gujarati.The speakers of Vaghri are Hindu.

Wagdi language

Wagdi is a language spoken in Southern Rajasthan, India as well as in Sindh, Pakistan. It is sometimes considered a dialect of the Bhili language.

Tengrism

Tengrism is a shamanistic indigenous pagan religion of the Turkic peoples.

The highest deity of the religion is Khan Tengri (Sky God). Because of the importance of this deity, the religion has the features of monotheism. There are also parts of the religion that are polytheistic and animistic. 

The relationship to Shamanism is the subject of controversy. According to some, the Tengrist cult of heaven and shamanism are two different traditions. According to others, this cult existed as a part of shamanism. There is no male circumcision in Tengrism. Parents who become believers in Modern Tengrisim do not circumcise their male children.

Modern Tengrism started at the time of the end of the Soviet Union in the intellectual circles of the Turkish peoples in Central Asia. It is most common with the Tatars, Kazakhs and Kyrgyz people. A return to the surviving traditions is also taking place in Yakutia and Tuva. Similar movements also exists in Turkey.

Tepuihyla shushupe

Tepuihyla shushupe is a frog. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: high up in the rivers Ere and Campuya. This is in Peru but near Colombia. They saw it 145 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 85.4 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 85.7 mm long. The iris of the eye is whitish in color with red around the outside. The scientists looked at living frogs. They saw they were light green in color on the back and yellow-green on the belly. This frog has bumps on its skin. There is dark brown color on the back of each bump. Parts of the legs are whitish in color and parts are yellow-green. This frog has extra skin on the sides of all four legs.

This frog lives on high places where the ground is flat There are many dead leaves on the ground, many tree roots, and small wet places nearby. When scientists caught the first frog to examine, it was sitting in a hole in a tree.

The scientists named this frog "shushupe" because that is like the name of a snake in the language spoken by the humans who live nearby. This snake's scientific name is "Lachesis muta". Stories say that this snake can sing. "Lachesis muta" lives in the same places as "Tepuihyla shushupe". Scientists think people heard the frog sing and thought it was the snake singing. 

Jan Vlieg

Jan Vlieg (born 1 February 1950) is a former Dutch table tennis player, head coach and president of the Dutch national table tennis federation (NTTB).

His brother Anne Vlieg is also a former table tennis player and national head coach.

Vlieg was born in Workum on 1 February 1950. In 1962 he moved to Middelstum. Vlieg started playing table tennis in 1965. Hè became Dutch National Student Champion. Vlieg became founder, chairman and coach of “Midstars”. He was the coach Midstars became national champion. He was the head coach of the Dutch national selections of the Dutch national table tennis federation (NTTB) in the 1980s until September 1990. In 1985 Vlieg selected his brother Anne Vlieg for the national selection, and not national champion . On his own costs he made sure that the Chinese table tennis player Li Ji Shu came to the Netherlands, to help improving the level of the Dutch players. In March 1989 he became Groningen sport coach of the year.

Vlieg became president of the NTTB from 1 September 1990, initially with a contract until the 1992 Summer Olympics. The 1992 European Championships had never been that successful for the Netherlands with four medals including a gold one of Bettine Vriesekoop. His contract was extended as he was president until 1 September 1993.

Vlieg has criticized the amount of media coverage of small sports, like table tennis.


Elysia

Elysia is a genus of sea slugs, They are marine gastropod molluscs in the family Plakobranchidae. These animals are very colorful. They can look like nudibranchs, but are not very closely related to them. They are sacoglossans, commonly known as sap-sucking slugs.

"Elysia" sea slugs eat algae. Some species such as "E. viridis" and "E. chlorotica" use the chloroplasts in the algae for themselves. The chloroplasts line the slug’s digestive tract. It lets the slugs live by photosynthesis for several months at a time. Exactly how the slugs use the chloroplasts is unclear. Many of the proteins used by chloroplasts are encoded in the genome of their cells. There are hunreds of these proteins. They are made in the cell’s nucleus. They are then moved into the chloroplast. This lets the slug.

This genus was said to be in the family Stiligeridae. It has also been placed in the family Elysiidae.

Jabsco pump

A Jabsco pump, neoprene vane pump or self-priming neoprene vane pump, is a type of pump used for liquid handling. 
They are used when water or other liquids must be pumped. In this type of pump, the fluid is sucked continuously, with a capacity depending on the size of the pump and the speed of rotation of the neoprene impeller. 

It has a cylindrical compartment with a false deflector that turns it into an oval. Inside the cylinder rotates an impeller with radial neoprene blades, whose turning movement ensures the formation of variable volume chambers with the compartment wall. Since the impeller is in a non-central position, the formation of chambers (delimited by the impeller blades) of variable volume occurs, between which the fluid passes, which the blades suck from the inlet hole and push towards the hole. exit. 

The first self-priming neoprene vane pumps date back to a 1953 patent issued to Jabsco. The US patent USA no. 422,191 for a "self-priming neoprene pump." In 1982 another patent was given to Jabsco UK (1982-12-23, Priority to GB08205279A) extending the number of blades of the neoprene impeller to 16. 

The unique shape of the neoprene impeller rotating inside the oval cavity makes this pump completely self-priming. It can also automatically pump the water needed to cool a boat's engine. This works even if the pump is mounted above the water level, as a vacuum is created in the unit that sucks water from any level and from environments as varied as they can be: the sea, a lake or a stream. 

The neoprene blade unit can be used with any potable water storage tank as it applies a pressure to the water distribution circuit equal to the strong depression with which it sucks water from the tank and no pressure tank or air compressor system are needed. The system is easy to install. If instant hot water is needed, simply connect the vane pump outlet to a water heater.


A Classic Case

A Classic Case is an album by Jethro Tull, playing with the London Symphony Orchestra. The album was released on December 31, 1985.

Persian language in Pakistan

Persian has been the official language of Pakistan until modern times. The modern region of Pakistan has been part of many Iranian and Persian empires since its discovery and many varieties of Persian including Dari had been the language of communication between the different ethnicities. In Pakistan, Persian has now become a minority language and had been replaced by Urdu by the British. Islamabad and Tehran maintain an active archival library in F-8. The library is named after a local poet and Pir Shah Ghareeb Nawaz and is the largest archive of Persian literature this side of the Indus.

Lucius Junius Brutus

Lucius Junius Brutus was the founder of the Roman Republic, and one of the first consuls in 509 BC. He was the nephew of the King of Rome, Lucius Tarquinius Superbus. Brutus had been summoned by the noblewoman Lucretia after she had been raped by the King's son. She believed that the rape defiled her, and she committed suicide by stabbing herself with a knife. It is said that Brutus held the knife, shouting for the overthrow of the Monarchy.
Brutus led a revolt, which resulted in the overthrow of the Monarchy. Brutus then made an oath, that never again will there be a King of Rome. He was elected as the first Consul, along with Lucretia's husband, Lucius Tarquinius Collatinus. Soon the Royal Family tried to regain the throne, with two of the conspirators being Brutus' two sons. The conspirators were all executed, including his two sons. Collatinus was also removed, with a number of reasons suggested by scholars.
Tarquinius tried to retake the throne again, and led an army to war. In the Battle of Silvia Arsia, as it was called, both Tarquinius and Brutus stabbed each other, causing their deaths.

Walgoolan, Western Australia

Walgoolan is a small town in the eastern Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. It is between Merredin and Bodallin along the Great Eastern Highway. Walgoolan was started between 1895 and 1899. It began as a railroad siding. Land was set aside for a townsite in 1913. Lots were surveyed in 1922. The townsite was gazetted in 1923.

The name of the town is Aboriginal and means "place where the short bushes grow".

After World War I, nearly 100 settlers took land in the area. They planted cereal crops, mostly wheat. 

In 1932, Emu War, started in Walgoolan.

The Great Depression and many droughts hurt the area. By 1940 there was only one shop and the townsite was abandoned soon after. By 2010 only 10 families remain in the district.

Chandler, Western Australia

Chandler is a rural place between Merredin and Mukinbudin in the Wheatbelt region of Western Australia. 

The town was started to support the nearby alunite (a source of potash) mine at nearby Lake Campion. The mine was a state government project with government employees. A potash works was built in the town in 1943.

After World War II, the government closed down the plant. Australian Plaster Industries started production of gypsum in 1949 that is used to make plaster of paris and plasterboard. Then, the town grew and had two main streets, over 70 houses, a telephone exchange, a school, and powerhouse. Production stopped in 1952. The whole town was sold off in 1953.

The town was named after Mr J Chandler, a farmer, who had discovered the alunite deposits.

Robert Dudley

Robert Dudley is the name of:



2022 Formula One World Championship

The 2022 FIA Formula One World Championship was a motor racing championship for Formula One cars, which was the 73rd running of the Formula One World Championship. It is recognised by the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), the governing body of international motorsport, as the highest class of competition for open-wheel racing cars. The championship was contested over twenty-two Grands Prix, which were held around the world, and ended earlier than in recent years to avoid overlapping with the FIFA World Cup.

Drivers and teams competed for the titles of World Drivers' Champion and World Constructors' Champion, respectively. The 2022 championship saw the introduction of significant changes to the sport's technical regulations. These changes had been intended to be introduced in 2021, but were delayed until 2022 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Max Verstappen, who was the reigning Drivers' Champion, claimed his second title at the Japanese Grand Prix, while his team, Red Bull Racing, achieved their fifth World Constructor Championship, and first since 2013, at the following United States Grand Prix. Mercedes were the reigning Constructors' Champion.

This was the final season for four-time World Champion Sebastian Vettel. Seven-time Champion Lewis Hamilton endured a difficult season with Mercedes failing to secure either a pole position or Grand Prix win during the season, the first time either occurrence had happened in his Formula One career since it began in 2007.

The following constructors and drivers are currently under contract to compete in the 2022 World Championship. All teams compete with tyres supplied by Pirelli. Each team is required to enter at least two drivers, one for each of the two mandatory cars.

Prior to the 2021 Dutch Grand Prix, Kimi Räikkönen announced his intention to retire at the end of the championship, ending his Formula One career after 19 seasons. Räikkönen's seat at Alfa Romeo was filled by Valtteri Bottas, who left Mercedes at the end of 2021. George Russell replaced Bottas, vacating his seat at Williams which was filled by former Red Bull Racing driver Alexander Albon.

Formula 2 driver Zhou Guanyu graduated to Formula One with Alfa Romeo, in place of Antonio Giovinazzi, who left the team at the end of 2021.

Nikita Mazepin was originally due to compete for Haas for a second consecutive year. Following the Russian invasion of Ukraine and Uralkali's title sponsorship cancellation, his contract was terminated. He was replaced by Kevin Magnussen, who last competed in with the same team.

During Bahrain Grand Prix weekend, Sebastian Vettel tested positive for coronavirus. He was replaced at Aston Martin by reserve driver Nico Hülkenberg, who last raced at the 2020 Eifel Grand Prix, driving for former team Racing Point. Vettel was also replaced by Hülkenberg at the subsequent Saudi Arabian Grand Prix.

During the Italian Grand Prix weekend, Alexander Albon suffered from appendicitis. He was replaced at Williams by the Mercedes reserve driver 2020–21 Formula E and 2019 Formula 2 Champion Nyck de Vries, who made his Formula One race debut.

<div style="overflow-x: auto; margin: 1em 0">
!style="vertical-align:middle"|
! style="vertical-align:middle;"|Driver
!BHR
!SAU
!AUS
!EMI
!MIA
!ESP
!MON
!AZE
!CAN
!GBR
!AUT
!FRA
!HUN
!BEL
!NED
!ITA
!SIN
!JPN
!USA
!MXC
!SAP
!ABU
! style="vertical-align:middle" |Points
! 1
! 366
! 2
! 253
! 3
! 252
! 4
! 207
! 5
! 202
! 6
! 180
! 7
! 101
! 8
! 78
! 9
! 65
! 10
! 46
! 11
! 32
! 12
! 29
! 13
! 23
! 14
! 22
! 15
! 13
! 16
! 12
! 17
! 11
! 18
! 6
! 19
! 4
! 20
! 2
! 21
! 2
! 22
! 0
!style="vertical-align:middle"|
!style="vertical-align:middle"|Driver
!BHR
!SAU
!AUS
!EMI
!MIA
!ESP
!MON
!AZE
!CAN
!GBR
!AUT
!FRA
!HUN
!BEL
!NED
!ITA
!SIN

Religion of Sikkim

The most common religions of Sikkim are Hinduism and Vajrayana Buddhism.

Season (television)

A season in television is the group of episodes that that are broadcast in one year. The term is commonly used in North American television. In British television, the term series is used. 

In the United States, Canada and Mexico, a series is a set of television program episodes that are broadcast with the same title. A series last for one or many years. Each year of the series is called a season. Since the late 1960s, a season has commonly included between 20 and 26 episodes. Before then, a season would often have at least 30 episodes. Some series had as many as 39 episodes in a season.

Until the 1980s, most new programs for the United States were first broadcast in the "fall season". This ran from September through March. Is usually included from 24 to 26 episodes. These episodes were rebroadcast during the spring (or summer) season, from April through August. Because of cable television and the Nielsen sweeps, the "fall" season now normally lasts to May. A "full season" on a now usually runs from September through May for at least 22 episodes.
A full season is sometimes split into two parts. A break is taken around the end of the calendar year. When this is done, the last half of the episodes are often referred to with the letter B. For example, "The last nine episodes (of "The Sopranos") will be part of what is being called either "Season 6, Part 2" or "Season 6B". Since the 1990s, these shorter seasons also have been referred to as ".5" or half seasons. In them, the run of shows between September and December is labeled "Season X", and the second run between January and May labeled "Season X.5". Examples of this include the 2004 version of "Battlestar Galactica", ABC's "FlashForward" and ABC Family's "Make It or Break It".

Newer broadcast television series are often ordered (funded) for just the first 10 to 13 episodes. This is done to see if there is audience interest. If a series is popular, the network places a "back nine order" and the season is completed to the regular 20 to 26 episodes. A series that is already popular will normally have a full-season order at the start of the season. A midseason replacement is a series of usually 10 to 13 episodes. They are used to take the place of an original series that was not "picked up" for a full season because it was not well liked by the audience. A "series finale" is the last episode of the series before the program is no longer produced.

A standard television season in the United States runs from late September to May. During the summer months of June through mid-September, network broadcast reruns of their popular programs, new series that are not expected to have high ratings and other specials. Reality and game shows have also been used in this part of the schedule.

In India, the programs are usually called "serials". A series is usually at least 200 episodes, of 20 to 25 minutes each. On special episodes, referred to as "Maha-Episodes", the episodes last up to about 45 to 50 minutes. The program is broadcast until the (television rating point) is a little less than decent. The rating points depend on many things. Series which fail to attract TRP for a long time are usually ended.

In the United Kingdom and other countries, these sets of episodes are called a "series". In Australia, the broadcasting may be different from North American usage. The terms "series" and "season" are both used and are the same. 
Australian television does not follow "seasons" in the way that American television does. For example, there is no "fall season" or "fall schedule". For many years, popular night-time dramas in Australia would run for much of the year. They would only go into recess during the summer period. This is from December to February in Australia. During this time, ratings are not taken. Popular dramas would usually run from February through November each year. Many drama series, such as "McLeod's Daughters", have between 22 and 32 episodes in each season. soap operas would usually begin a new season in late January. Their season finale would be in late November. The show would be off air for two months. Depending on the schedule this time off is sometimes longer. In recent years, a new season begins in early February. The season finale would broadcast in early December. Australian situation comedy series' seasons are about 13 episodes long. They begin any time between February and November.

British shows have tended toward shorter series in recent years. For example, the first series of the science fiction programme "Doctor Who" in 1963 had forty-two 25‑minute episodes. It had a similar number each year until it was reduced to twenty-five for 1970. This was done because of changes in production. It also reduced the actors' workload. The revival of "Doctor Who" from 2005 has had thirteen 45‑minute episodes. There are some series in the United Kingdom that have a larger number of episodes. For example "Waterloo Road" started with 8 to 12 episodes. From series three onward, it increased to twenty episodes. Series seven will contain 30 episodes.

Vigil (movie)

Vigil is a 1984 New Zealand drama movie directed by first time director Vincent Ward and starring Penelope Stewart, Frank Whitten, Bill Kerr, Fiona Kay, Gordon Shields.


The Angry Birds Movie 2

The Angry Birds Movie 2 is a 2019 computer-animated comedy movie. It is based on Rovio Entertainment's "Angry Birds" video game series, produced by Columbia Pictures, Sony Pictures Animation, and Rovio Animation, and distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing.


The Philadelphia Experiment (movie)

The Philadelphia Experiment is a 1984 American Canadian science fiction romantic fantasy movie directed by Stewart Raffill and was based on the 1979 novel by Charles Berlitz and William L. Moore. It stars Michael Paré, Nancy Allen, Eric Christmas, Bobby Di Cicco, Louise Latham, Kene Holliday and was distributed by New World Pictures. It was followed by a sequel in 1993.


Martial law under Ferdinand Marcos

At 7:17 pm on September 23, 1972, Filipino president Ferdinand Marcos announced on television about the martial law.

The Buccaneer (1958 movie)

The Buccaneer is a 1958 American adventure movie directed by first time director Anthony Quinn and starring Inger Stevens, Henry Hull, Claire Bloom, Charles Boyer, Charlton Heston, Lorne Greene, Robert Warwick, E. G. Marshall. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and is a remake of the 1938 movie of the same name.


Tepuihyla rodriguezi

Rodriguez's Amazon tree frog, Senaris' tree frog, Kaieteur Tepui tree frog, or Gorzula's Amazon tree frog ("Tepuihyla rodriguezi") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela and Guyana. Scientists have seen it between 366 and 2440 meters above sea level.

Ramananda

Sri Ramanandacharya was a poet, who was to Vaishnavism. Most Hindu people think that he started Ramanandi Sampradaya. He was born in 1199 CE, and died some time from 1495 CE.

Lineage of Ramanandacharya starts from Lord Ram and in that lineage Ramanandacharya comes at 22nd position :

परधाम्नि स्थितो रामःपुण्डरीकायतेक्षणः ।
सेवया परया जुष्टो जानक्यै तारकं ददौ ॥ १॥

श्रियः श्रीरपि लोकानां दुखोद्धरणहेतवे ।
हनूमते ददौ मन्त्रं सदा रामाङ्घ्रिसेविने ॥ २॥

ततस्तु ब्रह्मणा प्राप्तो मुह्यमानेन मायया ।
कल्पान्तरे तु रामो वै ब्रह्मणे दत्तवानिमम् ॥ ३॥

मन्त्रराजजपं कृत्वा धाता निर्मातृतां गतः ।
त्रयीसारमिमं धातुर्वसिष्ठो लब्धवान् परम् ॥ ४॥

पराशरो वसिष्ठाच्च सर्वसंस्कारसंयुतम् ।
मन्त्रराजं परं लब्ध्वा कृतकृत्यो बभूव ह ॥ ५॥

पराशरस्य सत्पुत्रो व्यासः सत्यवतीसुतः ।
पितुः षडक्षरं लब्ध्वा चक्रे वेदोपबृंहणम् ॥ ६॥

व्यासोऽपि बहुशिष्येषु मन्वानः शुभयोग्यताम् ।
परमहंसवर्य्याय शुकदेवाय दत्तवान् ॥ ७॥

शुकदेवकृपापात्रो बह्मचर्यव्रतेस्थितः ।
नरोत्तमस्तु तच्छिष्यो निर्वाणपदवीं गतः ॥ ८॥

स चापि परमाचार्यो गङ्गाधराय सूरये ।
मन्त्राणां परमं तत्त्वं राममन्त्रं प्रदत्तवान् ॥ ९॥

गङ्गाधरात् सदाचार्यस्ततो रामेश्वरो यतिः ।
द्वारानन्दस्ततो लब्ध्वा परब्रह्मरतोऽभवत् ॥ १०॥

देवानन्दस्तु तच्छिष्यः श्यामानन्दस्ततोऽग्रहीत् ।
तत्सेवया श्रुतानन्दश्चिदानन्दस्ततोऽभवत् ॥ ११॥

पूर्णानन्दस्ततो लब्ध्वा श्रियानन्दाय दत्तवान् ।
हर्यानन्दो महायोगी श्रियानन्दाङ्घ्रिसेवकः ॥ १२॥

हर्यानन्दस्य शिष्यो हि राघवानन्ददेशिकः ।
यस्य वै शिष्यतां प्राप्तो रामानन्दः स्वयं हरि ॥ १३॥

तस्माद् गुरुवारल्लब्ध्वा देवानामपि दुर्लभम् ।
प्रादात्तुभ्यमहन्तात गुह्यं तारकसंज्ञकम् ॥ १४॥

एवं परम्परा सौम्य प्रोक्ता श्रीसम्प्रदायिनाम् ।
मन्त्रराजस्य चाख्यातिर्भूम्यामेवमवातरत् ॥ १५॥

Lineage of Sri Sampraday:-

Sri Rama—

Srimati Sita—

Sri Hanuman—

Sri Brahma—

Sri Vasishta—

Sri Parashara—

Sri Veda Vyasa—

Sri Sukadevacharya—

Sri Bodhayan— (Bodhāyan Vrittikar)

Sri Gangadharacharya—

Sri Sadaanandacharya—

Sri Rameshwaranandacharya—

Sri Dvaranandacharya—

Sri Devanandacharya—

Sri Shyamanandacharya—

Sri Shrutanandacharya—

Sri Chidanandacharya—

Sri Purnanandacharya—

Sri Shriyanandacharya—

Sri Haryanandacharya—

Sri Raghavananadacharya—

Sri Ramanandacharya (Anand Bhashyakar)

Anne Vlieg

Anne Vlieg (born 1956) is a former Dutch table tennis player and head coach of the Dutch national table tennis federation (NTTB).

Vlieg competed about 70 times for the Dutch national team, but never won main prizes. He became once second at the national championships and became national double champion together with Han Gootzen.

His brother Jan Vlieg is also a former table tennis player and national head coach.

Born in Ferwerd in 1956 he moved at the age of five to Medemblik. Vlieg started playing table tennis at the age of 10 with table tennis club Midstars. He played in the first team together with brother Jan Vlieg and Tom Pitstra. At the end of the 1970s, they played in the national Eredivisie (main Dutch national league), competed in the National Cup and played with the club at European Cup. The first Europa Cup appearance was in 1977. In 1980 he moved to club ‘t Hooge Huys in Alkmaar.

As a member of the national table tennis team he played c. 70 matches. He competed at European Championships and World Championships. 

In 1978 he was involved in a dispute about the European Championships selection. At the 1978 NTTB-Cup Vlieg had to withdraw due to a foot injury as a result of playing indoor football. Due to this head coach Bert Schoofs didn’t select Vlieg for the European championships because, according to him, Vlieg “took a conscious risk and that shows an incorrect approach to table tennis”. Vlieg didn’t like the reasoning of Schoofs. Table tennis club “Tempo Team” also didn’t support the reasoning of the selection procedure including stating that playing indoor football is not a reason not to select Vlieg, as Bert van der Helm (who was selected) just returned from winter sport. As a result of the of “Tempo Team” the two “Tempo Team” players (Bert van der Helm and Nico Slobbe) who were selected to play the European Championships were removed from the selection. Vlieg was asked to join the team, however, Vlieg was solidair with Van der Helm and Slobbe and refused. After long discussions, the disagreement was settled and all three players were allowed to participate.

He was not a continuous member of the national selection. He returned in the selection in 1982, and again in 1985 when his brother was national head coach.

Vlieg suffered from mental problems when competing under pressure, resulting in, according to himself as a “mop backhand”.

Vlieg became a table tennis trainer. He became national head coach. Vlieg also coached several national table tennis teams. In 1993 when he was coach at VSB/Harkstede, “Treffers” made an offer that he would become their main trainer. In the late 1990s he became, together with his brother, trainer-coach of their original club: Midstars. The team returned to the Dutch highest league (Eredivisie) and became national champion.

Vlieg got burned out and quit his job at table tennis federation. He later started his own table tennis business in which his son is involved also.

Honestly, Nevermind

Honestly, Nevermind is the seventh studio album by Canadian rapper Drake. It was surprise-released on June 17, 2022, through OVO Sound and Republic. It is mostly a dance album.

24 (season 5)

Season 5 of the series 24 is known as Day 5. The season has 24 episodes with each lasting one hours in the story. It begins and ends at 7 a.m. The Season was on Television from January to May of 2006 and is considered the best season of the TV show. The season got 12 Primetime Emmy Award nominations and won five including Outstanding Drama Series. Critics praised Kiefer Sutherland, Gregory Itzin and Jean Smart for their acting.

Assasins frame Jack Bauer for the murder of President Palmer and attempt to kill those who helped Jack fake his death. Jack follows leads and ends up at Ontario airport. American President Logan and Russian President Suvarov are signing an anti-terrorist agreement. Terrorists take control of the same airport where Jack is and hold hostages. They threaten to kill the hostages if the treaty is signed. Jack helps officials to stop the terrorists. The terrorists, however, used the hostages as a diversion to acquire nerve gas. Jack learns that the White House Chief of Staff was involved. Nerve gas is used in a mall and unsuccessfully at a hospital. The terrorists release nerve gas in the CTU building, killing several workers. The last canister is used in a submarine, but also without success. The rest of the gas gets destroyed, but Jack learns President Logan was behind the attacks. The rest of the story involves Jack trying to get a recording to implicate Logan. With the first lady's help, Jack uses a listening piece to record the president confessing his crimes. Logan must relieve his presidency. In the very end, the Chinese kidnap Bauer.





The season received very positive reviews from critics. It has 100% on Rotten Tomatoes. According to the website: ""24" defies the law of diminishing returns with a spectacular fifth season that features White House intrigue, some of the most harrowing set-pieces in the series yet, and a heroically committed performance by Kiefer Sutherland."

Nieuwsblad van het Noorden

The Nieuwsblad van het Noorden (; "Newspaper of the North") is a former regional daily newspaper from the city of Groningen in the Netherlands. It was published from 1888 to 2002. In 2002, it was merged with the "Groninger Dagblad" and the "Drentse Courant" into the "Dagblad van het Noorden", which published its first edition on 2 April 2002.
The first issue of the "Nieuwsblad van het Noorden" appeared on 2 June 1888. Until 1997 its offices were in a 1903 Jugendstil building in the Gedempte Zuiderdiep designed by .

During the German occupation in World War II, the "Nieuwsblad van het Noorden", like many other Dutch newspapers, published anti-Semitic and pro-German articles. In 1944 they refused to hire a chief editor who was a member of the Dutch National Socialist Movement and publication of the newspaper was suspended. At that time, the Dutch National Socialist movement was the only legal party in the Netherlands. The paper reappeared on 26 January 1946, some time after the liberation of the Netherlands, with a circulation of 35,000 copies.

The "Nieuwsblad van het Noorden" came under criticism in 2000 with the publication of "Het Schandaal" (The Scandal) by Johan van Gelder, which threw new light on the newspaper's relationship with the German occupiers. The revelations in the book were in stark contrast to the representations of the two owners, the brothers Nico and Jan Abraham Hazewinkel.

From 2 April 2002 the newspaper was succeeded by the "Dagblad van het Noorden", a fusion with the "Groninger Dagblad" and the "Drentse Courant", which had previously been publishing together. All were published at that time by Hazewinkel Pers (Press). The "Nieuwsblad van het Noorden" published at midday; the other two were morning papers, as is the "Dagblad van het Noorden".


Old East Slavic

Old East Slavic (traditionally also Old Russian; ; ; ) was a language used during the 10th–15th centuries by East Slavs in Kievan Rus'.

Topography of Terror

The Topography of Terror (German: "Topographie des Terrors") is a history museum in Berlin, Germany. It is both indoors and outdoors. More than one million people visit the museum each year. It is the most visited museum in Berlin.

The buildings that were the headquarters of the SS and Gestapo were destroyed in 1945. For several decades, these buildings were somewhat forgotten. The location was a dump site. East Germany built the Berlin Wall in 1961 that went along the Niederkirchnerstrasse. The site was in East Germany and next to the wall. 

Dieter Hoffmann-Axthelm wrote about the importance of the site in 1978. However, the first exhibit on the destroyed buildings would only be in 1987. Excavators and researchers found a Gestapo prison cell, where prisoners had been tortured and killed. They decided to make a museum out of the site. They formed an exhibition in East Germany in 1989. After reunification, the city kept the part of the wall next to the site.

In 1992, further plans were to improve the site and create a building. There was an architectural competition, and Peter Zumthor won it. There was not enough money, so construction stopped. The city destroyed the structure and started a new building in 2004. The building design was by Ursula Wilms and the landscape by Heinz W. Hallmann. The building cost €20 million and took 2 years to build. The new museum opened in May of 2010. 

The museum shows the history of the Gestapo, SS, and Third Reich and their crimes. It includes the grounds of the former Main Office and headquarters of the Gestapo, SS and Reich Security. It is the central location where the Nazis planned most of their crimes including the Holocaust. The Berlin Wall is also part of the museum.
The permanent indoor exhibition is "Topography of Terror: Gestapo, SS and Reich Security Main Office on Wilhelm- and Prinz-Albrecht-Straße". It contains photos, documents, videos, and audio about the institutions and their crimes. There are five parts to the exhibition. They include The National Socialist Takeover of Power (I); Institutions of Terror (SS and Police) (II); Terror, Persecution and Extermination on Reich Territory (III); SS and Reich Security Main Office in the Occupied Countries (IV); and The End of the War and the Postwar Era (V). There are maps of the layout of SS stations (Leitstellen) and the structure of the Concentration Camps. 
The permanent exhibition outdoors is "Berlin 1933–1945: Between Propaganda and Terror". It tells how the National Socialists rose to power in Berlin and they changed the city. The main sections are Weimar Republic (I), Establishing the Führer's Dictatorship (II), Berlin and the "People's Community" (III), Wartime in Berlin 1939–1945 (IV); and Berlin and the Consequences of the Nazi Regime (V). There are documents, photos, and newspaper articles. Behind the glass, one can see ruins of buildings. 

Visitors can take live tours or audio tours of the museum's historic site. It includes 15 stations with photos, documents, and 3-D graphics and provides an overview of the grounds.

Special temporary exhibits have been on different topics. They are including German occupation and resistance, Kristallnacht, Nazi ghettos and concentration camps, trials of the Nazis, the press and propaganda, labor policy and laws, the people's court, different stages of the war, and the Nazi's rise to power. 
There have been exhibitions on people including Albert Speer, Adolf Eichmann, Fritz Bauer, Martin Luther, and . 
There are several past exhibits for various people groups who suffered and died under the Nazis. Exhibitions included historians' research projects, historical documents, and archival photos. 
Below is a partial list of special exhibitions since 2010: 

Alija Izetbegović

Alija Izetbegović (, ; August 8,
1925 – October 19,
2003) was a Bosnian politician, lawyer, philosopher and author. He became the first president of the Chairman of the Presidency of Bosnia and Herzegovina in 1992. He had one son, Bakir Izetbegović.

Izetbegović died on October 19, 2003 of heart disease complicated by injuries suffered from a fall at home.


Adolfo Orrù

Adolfo Orrù (20 November 1909 - 29 November 1995) was an Italian engraver painter and sculptor.

Orrù Adolfo, born in Sassari on November 20, 1909, was a woodcutter , painter and sculptor. He followed a classical course of study. He got a law degree from the University of Sassari. Trained by attending the circle of Sassari artists, he started engraving in 1934. 

He participated in the Littorali dell'Arte (1934-1936), in the Sardinian trade unions (from 1934), in the Colonial Art Exhibition held in Naples in 1935. He also participated in national exhibitions in the main Italian cities such as Bologna, Florence at the II Rome Quadrennial , at the XX Venice Biennale and at the International Woodcut in Warsaw (1936).
He moved to Rome in 1945, a moment in which the capital of liberated Italy was fervent with new stimuli also in the artistic world and over time he succeeded in affirming itself in the Eternal City. Also in 1945 he married with Pia Mura. On November 16, 1964 he joined the Tiberina Academy (founded in 1813 for promoting cultural heritages). 
In the last period of his artistic activity he worked for sacred art, participating in the National Art Exhibition of the Holy Year 1965 and the National Art Exhibition of the Holy Year 1975. On 2 June 1971 he received the honor of Knight of the Order "Al Merito della Repubblica Italiana".

Sonya Singha

Sonya Singha (; born April 8, 1994) is a Thai actress, singer, and host.
Kat was in a duo with Patt Piraya. She was also a host to KamiKaze Channel. She was under Kamikaze company from 2010 to 2013. In 2013, she signed a contract with Channel 7.

Swinton O. Scott III

Swinton O. Scott III is an animation director and creator. He is best known for his work on The Simpsons.

Scott worked with producers Lou Scheimer and Hal Sutherland of Filmation, William Hanna and Joseph Barbera, Andy Heyward of DiC Entertainment, Gabor Csupo and Arlene Klasky, and Phil Roman following Dane Boedigheimer. On September 2, 2021, it was announced that Scott would be directing Diary of A Wimpy Kid, a Universal Peacock-exclusive film released on December 23, 2022.
He directed four episodes of Futurama, 7 episodes of The Simpsons, three episodes of The Looney Tunes Show, an animation episode of The Angry Beavers, three supervising episodes of God, the Devil and Bob, and one episode of Family Guy. Scott also worked on Camp Lazlo, the creator of The Juice.




Spike Brandt and Tony Cervone

Spike Brandt and Tony Cervone are an American television writing, animation and production team at Warner Bros. Animation and formerly at Cartoon Network Studios. Brandt was born on December 24, 1961, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, and Cervone on November 15, 1966, in Melrose Park, Illinois.
The duo are best known for doing various projects about Scooby-Doo, The Flintstones, Tom and Jerry, and Looney Tunes. They had also worked on Animaniacs, Duck Dodgers, The Looney Tunes Show, The Juice, and various other projects. Brandt had also voiced Spike Bulldog in various Tom and Jerry direct-to-DVD movies.

Pavel Cherenkov

Pavel Alekseyevich Cherenkov (July 28, 1904 – January 6, 1990) was a Soviet physicist. He shared the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1958 with Ilya Frank and Igor Tamm for the discovery of Cherenkov radiation, made in 1934.

Cherenkov died on January 6, 1990 at a hospital in Moscow, Russia at the age of 85.

Hudson, New Hampshire

Hudson is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Litchfield, New Hampshire

Litchfield is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Lyndeborough, New Hampshire

Lyndeborough is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Mason, New Hampshire

Mason is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Merrimack, New Hampshire

Merrimack is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Milford, New Hampshire

Milford is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

New Boston, New Hampshire

New Boston is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

New Ipswich, New Hampshire

New Ipswich is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Pelham, New Hampshire

Pelham is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Peterborough, New Hampshire

Peterborough is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Temple, New Hampshire

Temple is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Wilton, New Hampshire

Wilton is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. It is located on the south side of New Hampshire, and had a population of 3,896 in the year 2020.

Windsor, New Hampshire

Windsor is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States.

Addison, Vermont

Addison is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Bristol, Vermont

Bristol is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Pierre-Joseph Proudhon

Pierre-Joseph Proudhon (15 January 1809 in Besançon – 19 January 1865 in Paris) was a French socialist, politician, economist and founder of Mutualism. He was the first to call himself an "anarchist" and is considered to by some to be the "father of anarchism".

Murder of Anastasiya Meshcheryakova

Anastasiya Meshcheryakova (August 16, 2011 – February 29, 2016) was a 4-year old Russian girl who was murdered and beheaded on 29 February 2016 in Moscow by her Uzbek nanny, Gulchehra Boboqulova, who had been looking after her for three years.

Utopian socialism

Utopian socialism is the name for the early movements of socialism: They are based on the idea of an ideal state, and on shared property. They started before the revolutions of 1848. The idea of socialism started after the French Revolution. The socialism movements can be claissified into several time periods; the first of these periods is called Utopian socialism, or early socialism. 

Well known people who were part of Utopian socialism were Henri de Saint-Simon, Robert Owen, Charles Fourier, Pierre-Joseph Proudhon and Étienne Cabet.

Skid Row (Los Angeles)

Skid Row is, in general, an impoverished urban area with high rates of crime. It can also be a red-light district.

Recently it has come to mean a particular neighborhood in Los Angeles. This Skid Row is a poor urban area with high rates of crime and drug use and prostitution. The area is officially known as Central City East. It covers fifty city blocks (2.71 sq mi) immediately east of downtown Los Angeles.

The Los Angeles Skid Row has a large population (about 4,200–8,000) of homeless people. It has been known for its homeless population since at least the 1930s.

The question of why this has been tolerated in one of the world's most important cities has itself a long history. The city includes Hollywood, Santa Monica and other wealthy areas. It has voted Democrat in all kinds of elections since the 1980s. 

Bawaria people

The Bawaria are a Saraiki tribe in Punjab and Sindh, Pakistan. They speak the Saraiki language and number 26,000. Most of the Hindu Bawarians left to India during the partition. The ones in India speak Hindi and number 193,000. The Bawaria in both India and Pakistan are seminomadic.

Perú Mágico

Peru Magico is an international television channel.

Bridge loan

Bridge loans help in bridging the gap between short-term cash requirements and long-term loans. Bridging loans are usually offered for between 1-18 months, with the loan repayable in full at the end of the term. Unlike other forms of borrowing the monthly interest is often rolled into the loan, meaning there are no repayments to make during the term of the loan.

The application process is usually far simpler than for other types of borrowing and applications can complete very quickly, usually in 5-14 days.

Bridge loans are largely used by businesses. A typical usage of bridge loans is seen in the Real Estate sector, when the builder secures this loan for the construction of property since he can realize the value of the property only after it is sold. This scenario holds good for any business that sells goods & services and gets payment only at the end. This loan acts as the gap financing. It can be used to purchase raw materials and other equipment to start production.

Tepuihyla exophthalma

The big-eye slender-legged tree frog ("Tepuihyla exophthalma") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela and Guyana. Scientists think it may also live in Brazil. They have seen it in exactly three places.

Zoltán Dörnyei

Zoltán Dörnyei () (11 March 1960  – 10 June 2022) was a Hungarian-born British linguist. He was a professor of psycholinguistics at the University of Nottingham in the United Kingdom. He was known for his work on second language acquisition and the psychology of someone learning a second language.

Steinar Amundsen

Steinar Amundsen (4 July 1945 – 16 June 2022) was a Norwegian sprint canoeist. He won a world title in 1970 and 1975. He also won an Olympic gold medal in 1968. He also won a bronze medal at the 1972 Games. Amundsen was born in Bærum, Norway.

Amundsen died on 16 June 2022 in Røyken, Norway at the age of 76.

Røyken

Røyken is a district and village ("bygd") in Buskerud in Viken County, Norway.

Michael Stephen Kanne

Michael Stephen Kanne (December 21, 1938 – June 16, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the Judge of the United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit from 1987 until his death. He was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of Indiana from 1982 until 1987. He was nominated to both courts by President Ronald Reagan. Kanne was born in Rensselaer, Indiana.

Kanne died on June 16, 2022 in Rensselaer at the age of 83.

Mike Pratt (basketball)

Michael P. Pratt (August 4, 1948 – June 16, 2022) was an American basketball player and coach. He played for the Kentucky Colonels from 1970 until 1972.

Pratt died on June 16, 2022 in Lexington, Kentucky from colon cancer at the age of 73. 

Sid Ahmed Ferroukhi

Sid Ahmed Ferroukhi (; 11 July 1967 – 17 June 2022) was an Algerian politician. He was a member of the National Liberation Front. He was born in Bologhine, Algeria. From 2017 until 2019, Ferroukhi was a member of the People's National Assembly.

Ferroukhi died on 17 June 2022 in Rouïba, Algeria from cardiac arrest at the age of 54.

Valentin Uritescu

Valentin Uritescu (; 4 June 1941 – 17 June 2022) was a Romanian actor. He was best known for his roles in "The Conjugal Bed" and "The Last Assault".

Uritescu died on 17 June 2022 in Bucharest, Romania from problems caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 81.

Lennie Rosenbluth

Leonard Robert Rosenbluth (January 22, 1933 – June 18, 2022) was an American professional basketball player. He played for the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was born in New York City. Rosenbluth played for the Philadelphia Warriors between 1957 until 1959.

Rosenbluth died on June 18, 2022 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina at the age of 89.

Mark Shields

Mark Stephen Shields (May 25, 1937 – June 18, 2022) was an American political columnist, advisor, and commentator. He was a commentator for "PBS NewsHour" from 1988 to 2020. Shields was also a regular panelist on "Inside Washington". Shields was moderator and panelist on CNN's "Capital Gang" for 17 years. Shields was born in Weymouth, Massachusetts.

Shields died on June 18, 2022 at his home in Chevy Chase, Maryland from kidney failure, aged 85.

David Brooks (commentator)

David Brooks (born August 11, 1961) is a Canadian-American conservative political cultural commentator. He worked for "The New York Times". He was a movie critic for "The Washington Times" and a reporter for "The Wall Street Journal", He also worked for "Newsweek", "The Atlantic Monthly" and "PBS NewsHour". Brooks was an executive director of the Aspen Institute from 2018 until he was forced to quit in 2021 because of a conflict of interest.

Ilka Soares

Ilka Soares (21 June 1932 – 18 June 2022) was a Brazilian actress and model. She was in the 1949 movie "Iracema". Soares was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. Her acted from 1949 until 2013.

Soares died at a hospital in Rio de Janeiro on 18 June 2022 from lung cancer at the age of 89.

Marc Nathanson

Marc B. Nathanson (born May 12, 1945) is an American politician and businessman. He was the United States Ambassador to Norway since 2022. He started the company Falcon Cable. In 2008, his net worth was $1.1 billion by "Forbes Magazine".

John D. Ong

John Doyle Ong (born September 29, 1933) is an American business executive and politician. He was the United States Ambassador to Norway from 2002 to 2005 during the George W. Bush presidency. Ong was born in Uhrichsville, Ohio.

François Vatel

François Vatel () (1631 – 24 April 1671) was the majordomo (in French, "maître d'hôtel") of Nicolas Fouquet and prince Louis II de Bourbon-Condé.
Vatel was born either in Switzerland or in Paris in 1625, 1631, or 1635. Many people credit him with creating "crème Chantilly" (Chantilly cream), but this is wrong. There is no documentation of this which appeared during his lifetime, and the whipped, flavored cream was known at least a century earlier. 

Vatel served Louis XIV's superintendent Nicolas Fouquet in the inauguration "fête" at the Château de Vaux-le-Vicomte that took place on 17 August 1661.

Vatel was responsible for organizing a banquet for 2.000 people, in honor of Louis XIV. The banquet took place in April 1671 at the Château de Chantilly. Madame de Sévigné wrote in a letter, that Vatel was very upset, because the seafood he had ordered, did not arrive on time. Because of this, and other small problems, he committed suicide by running himself through with his sword; his body was discovered when someone came to tell him of the arrival of the fish.

This incident is thought to be the origin of the idiom "died for want of lobster sauce", a phrase meaning to die or be devastated due to a minor disappointment or mishap.

In 2000, Roland Joffé made a movie about "Vatel. In it, Gérard Depardieu plays Vatel." According to the movie, Vatel committed suicide when he realized he was nothing more than property in the eyes of the nobility, his social superiors.


Quick Change

Quick Change is a 1990 American crime comedy movie directed by Howard Franklin and Bill Murray (who also stars). It also stars Geena Davis, Randy Quaid, Jason Robards, Philip Bosco, Phil Hartman, Stanley Tucci, Victor Argo, Tony Shalhoub, Kurtwood Smith. It was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was based on book of the same name.

Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party

The Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe Party (ALDE Party) is a European political party made of 60 national-level liberal parties from across Europe. The ALDE Party are part of the Liberal International. It was founded on 26 March 1976 in Stuttgart. On 30 April 2004, the ELDR was remade as an official European party, the "European Liberal Democrat and Reform Party" (ELDR Party).

Venstre (Denmark)

Venstre (, ), full name Venstre, Danmarks Liberale Parti (), is a conservative-liberal, agrarian political party in Denmark. They have a economically liberal and pro-free-market ideology.

Venstre is the major party of the centre-right in Denmark, and the second-largest party in the country. The party had the most Prime Ministers than any other Danish party. 

Uffe Ellemann-Jensen

Uffe Ellemann-Jensen (, informal: (1 November 1941 – 18 June 2022) was a Danish politician. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1982 to 1993. He was leader of the Danish Liberal Party Venstre from 1984 to 1998 and President of the European Liberals from 1995 to 2000. Ellemann-Jensen was born in Haarby, Denmark.

Ellemann-Jensen was diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2011 and in 2019, the cancer metastasized to his spine. He died on 19 June 2022 from the disease in Copenhagen, Denmark at the age of 80.

Opal Lee

Opal Lee (born October 7, 1926) is an American retired teacher, counselor, and activist. She worked to make Juneteenth a federal holiday in the United States. She has been called the "grandmother of Juneteenth".

Lee was born in Marshall, Texas. She studied at the University of North Texas.

Lee campaigned for many years to make Juneteenth a federal holiday. She began a lead to walk each year, representing the 2.5 years it took for news of the Emancipation Proclamation to reach Texas. At the age of 89, she walked from Fort Worth, Texas to Washington, D.C., leaving in September 2016 and arriving in Washington in January 2017. She was hoping to inspire President Barack Obama to make Juneteenth a holiday. 

On June 17, 2021, President Joe Biden signed Senate Bill S. 475, making Juneteenth the eleventh federal holiday. Lee was at the White House for the signing.

During the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States, Lee began working at a food bank, farm and community garden during the pandemic to help communities affected by it.

J. Hans D. Jensen

Johannes Hans Daniel Jensen (born June 25, 1907 – February 11, 1973) was a German nuclear physicist. During World War II, he worked on the German nuclear energy project, known as the Uranium Club, where he contributed to the separation of uranium isotopes. After the war, Jensen was a professor at the University of Heidelberg.

Jensen died on February 11, 1973.

Bert van der Helm

Bert van der Helm (born 1948 in Zoeterwoude) is a former Dutch table tennis player and coach.

Van der Helm competed 189 times for the Dutch national team, competing at five European Championships and five World Championships. 

Van der Helm became 25 times national champion.

Van der Helm became table tennis coach. During the 1980s he was head coach of the men’s national team and have been criticized by players. In 1994 he refused to become head coach of the Dutch national team.


Sphaenorhynchus

Sphaenorhynchus is a genus of frogs. They are in the family Hylidae. They are the lime treefrogs or hatchet-faced treefrogs. They live in the places where water goes into the Amazon and Orinoco Rivers in South America. They live in the Guianas, Trinidad, and Brazil. Most of them live in Brazil in the Atlantic Forest.

Scientists think the frogs in "Sphaenorhynchus" are closely related to the frogs in "Scarthyla" and "Scinax". Faivovich and other scientists (2005) put "Sphaenorhynchus" in the group Dendropsophini. "Dendropsophus", "Lysapsus", "Pseudis", "Scarthyla", "Scinax", and "Xenohyla" are in Dendropsophini too.

"Sphaenorhynchus" are small and middle frogs in size. They are bright green or yellow green in color. Their faces come together to a point. Most frogs have skin flaps on each side of the rear end. There is some webbed skin on the front feet and more webbed skin on the back feet. Male frogs have a vocal sac on their necks so they can make sounds.

These species are in the genus "Sphaenorhynchus":

Sphaenorhynchus lacteus

The Orinoco lime tree frog, orange frog, or ghost frog ("Sphaenorhynchus lacteus") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela, Guyana, French Guiana, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, and Brazil.

The adult male frog is 25.5-41.5 mm long fron nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 38.4-45.7 mm long. The skin on the back is smooth; it does not have bumps or warts. The skin on the back is green. Its eyes are yellow. The pupil of the eye makes a line side to side. There is a stripe of color from each eye down to the nose. The belly is white. Parts of the legs are blue.

The adult female frog lays her eggs in the water or on leaves in the water.

The largest tadpoles are 54.6 mm long, with the tail. The tadpoles are purple in color with yellow eyes. Parts of the sides of the tadpoles' bodies are silver or gold in color.

Sometimes human beings keep these frogs as pets.

Second Family of the United States

The second family of the United States is the family of the vice president of the United States, who is second highest ranking official of the U.S. federal government. 

Members of the second family consist of the vice president, the second lady or second gentleman of the United States, grandchildren, stepchildren, in-laws, etc. 

Kamala Harris, the 49th and current vice president and her immediate family is the current second family of the United States since January 20, 2021.

The second family is designated to live in the Number One Observatory Circle as the vice president's family, as well as for the sake of their protection and safety.

The United States Secret Service is in charge of protecting the second family at all times. As part of their protection, the vice president, second lady or gentleman, and other immediate family members are given Secret Service codenames. The use of these codes are used due to security and safety reasons.

Maria Goeppert Mayer

Maria Goeppert Mayer (June 28, 1906 – February 20, 1972) was a German-born American theoretical physicist, and Nobel Laureate in Physics. The nuclear shell model of the atomic nucleus was her idea. She was the second woman to win a Nobel Prize in Physics. Marie Curie was the first.

Mayer died on February 20, 1972 at a hospital in California, United States at the age of 65.

Twin Atlantic

Twin Atlantic are a Scottish alternative rock band from Glasgow, Scotland. The band’s current core lineup consists of Sam McTrusty (vocals, guitar), Ross McNae (bass), Joe Lazarus (drums) and Barry McKenna (guitar).

Twin Atlantic's music has been described as alternative rock, power pop, emo pop, and indie rock.

Current members

Former members

Timeline


Family of Kamala Harris

The Family of Kamala Harris is the immediate and current second family of the United States following her inauguration as the 49th vice president of the United States on January 20, 2021. 

The Harris family is of African, Asian, Indian, and Jewish descent. 

Members of the Harris family consist of:

Kamala Harris – Vice President of the United States since 2021

Doug Emhoff – Husband of Kamala Harris, Second Gentleman of the United States since 2021

Maya Harris – Sister of Kamala Harris (b. 1967)

Tony West – Brother-in-law of Kamala Harris (b. 1965)

Meena Harris – Niece of Kamala Harris (b. 1984)

Cole Emhoff – Stepson of Kamala Harris (b. 1994)

Ella Emhoff – Stepdaughter of Kamala Harris (b. 1999)

Shyamala Gopalan Harris – Mother of Kamala Harris (1938–2009)

Donald J. Harris – Father of Kamala Harris (b. 1938)

Albert van Midden

Albert van Midden (22 January 1948 – 31 July 2019) was a Dutch road racing cyclist and track cyclist. Initial being active as an amateur cyclist, he was professional from 1968 until 1975. He won the amateur race of the 1968 Six Days of Rotterdam. In January 1969 he won, together with Rini Wachtmans, Harrie Steevens and René Pijnen, the Nations Prize in Antwerp.

On the road he competed in among others the 1970 Vuelta a España and 1971 Tour of Flanders.

In June 1973, he was at the last moment removed from the 1973 Tour de France team, due to “underachievement”. 

Burger wars

Burger wars is a competition between some fast food restaurants such as McDonald's, Burger King, etc.

Backpage

Backpage.com was a classified advertising website founded in 2004. 

Sphaenorhynchus mirim

Sphaenorhynchus mirim is a frog. Scientists have seen it in one place: Fazenda Gemada in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 15.7 – 18.2 mm long from nose to rear end. The frog's head is wider than it is long. This frog is bright green in color with white spots on its back. It has some yellow color on its toes.

Scientists think this frog is sexually mature early. The tadpoles grow reproductive organs before they become frogs. Scientists think this is so they can make young soon after becoming frogs.

This frog lives in the same places as "Dendropsophus elegans", "Dendropsophus minutus", and "Scinax alter".

Yate

Yate is a town and civil parish in South Gloucestershire, England. In 2011, 27,789 people lived there.

Oundle

Oundle is a market town in North Northamptonshire, England. In 2011, 5,735 people lived there.

Pocklington

Pocklington is a market town and civil parish in the East Riding of Yorkshire, England. In 2011, 8,377 people lived there.

List of The Powerpuff Girls (2016 TV series) episodes

"The Powerpuff Girls" is an American animated television series based on the original 1998 series by Craig McCracken, which is directed by Nick Jennings and Bob Boyle. The series premiered on April 4, 2016. Voice actor Natalie Palamides announced that the series was renewed for a second season that premiered on March 3, 2017 with the series' first 22-minute special, "The Last Donnycorn". The third season premiered on April 8, 2018 and ended on June 16, 2019, marking the end of the series after 3 seasons, 119 episodes, and after airing for 3 years.

During the course of the series, 119 episodes of "The Powerpuff Girls" aired over three seasons.

<onlyinclude><onlyinclude>

Symphonic Music of Yes

Symphonic Music of Yes is the debut studio album by London Philharmonic Orchestra. The album was released on October 26, 1993.

South Lawn (White House)

The South Lawn at the White House in Washington, D.C., is directly south of the house and is bordered on the east by East Executive Drive and the Treasury Building, on the west by West Executive Drive and the Old Executive Office Building, and along its curved southern perimeter by South Executive Drive and a large circular public lawn called The Ellipse. the South Lawn is sometimes described as the back lawn of the White House.

North Lawn (White House)

The North Lawn at the White House in Washington, D.C., is bordered on the north by Pennsylvania Avenue with a wide view of the mansion, and is from the East Executive Drive and the Treasury Building, and on the west from West Executive Drive and the Old Executive Office Building. the North Lawn is sometimes described as the front lawn.

1948 Ashgabat earthquake

The 1948 Ashgabat earthquake (; ) was on 6 October with a surface wave magnitude of 7.3. The earthquake hit Turkmenistan near Ashgabat.

Modulator

A modulator can change the properties of a wave by transmitting a modulation signal that interacts with the Carrier-signal (the wave).

The Sins of Rachel Cade

The Sins of Rachel Cade is a 1961 American drama movie directed by Gordon Douglas and was based on the 1956 novel by Charles Mercer. It stars Angie Dickinson, Roger Moore, Peter Finch, Errol John, Woody Strode, Scatman Crothers, Mary Wickes and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Tahir Dar

Mohammad Tahir Dar was born 17 March, 1975. He is a Bahraini cricketer who played four Twenty20 Internationals in January 2019.

Macao (movie)

Macao is a 1952 American adventure crime movie directed by Josef von Sternberg and Nicholas Ray. It stars Robert Mitchum, Jane Russell, William Bendix, Thomas Gomez, Gloria Grahame, Brad Dexter, Edward Ashley, Emory Parnell and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Oxford High School shooting

On November 30, 2021, a gunman opened fire on students at Oxford High School (Michigan). The school is near Detroit, in Michigan. 

The gunman killed four people and injured six others. The shooter Ethan Crumbley, is a 15-year-old sophomore student at the school. He was taken into custody. On October 24, 2022, Crumbley plead guilty to all of the charges put against him. 

On December 8, 2023, Ethan was sentenced to Life imprisonment without the possibility of Parole, plus 24 years, Ethan’s parents trials are still ongoing.

Once the shootings happened, the school was plunged into lockdown. Some students were evacuated to a nearby Meijer shop.

At 12:55 PM, police arrived at the school after receiving at least 100 911 calls. The shooter was arrested unharmed, without putting up a fight.

Ethan Robert Crumbley (born April 28, 2006) in Atlantic Beach, Florida, was identified as the shooter he was taken to the county's detention center and placed under suicide watch, At a young age played first-run shooter games such as Call of Duty and enjoyed horror films. 

In Crumbleys journal he detailed "I want to shoot up my school so badly". 

U.S. Representative Rep. Elissa Slotkin, whose district includes Oxford High School, tweeted about the shooting, calling it a "dark & painful day" for the state.

Gennady Burbulis

Gennady Eduardovich Burbulis (; 4 August 1945 – 19 June 2022) was a Russian politician. He was known as a close ally to President Boris Yeltsin. He helped create the Belavezha Accords. He was born in Pervouralsk, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Burbulis was a member of the State Duma from 1994 until 2000. He was also the First Deputy Prime Minister of Russian SFSR/Russian Federation from 1991 until 1992.

Burbulis died of a heart attack while at a conference in Baku, Azerbaijan on 19 June 2022, aged 76.

Dave Wickersham

David Clifford Wickersham (September 27, 1935 – June 18, 2022) was an American professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1960 to 1969 for the Kansas City Athletics, Detroit Tigers, Pittsburgh Pirates, and Kansas City Royals. Wickersham was born in Erie, Pennsylvania.

Wickersham died on June 18, 2022 in Kansas City, Missouri at the age of 86.


2023 Formula One World Championship

The 2023 FIA Formula One World Championship is a planned motor racing championship for Formula One cars. This will be the 74th running of the Formula One World Championship.

Drivers and teams are scheduled to compete for the titles of World Drivers' Champion and World Constructors' Champion, respectively. The season was dominated by defending champion Max Verstappen, who cruised to his third consecutive Drivers' Championship title at the Qatar Grand Prix, winning a record 19 out of 22 Grands Prix held and finishing on the podium 21 times (also a record number for most podiums in a season) by the end of the championship. His team, Red Bull Racing achieved their sixth Constructors' Championship title, the second consecutively, at the preceding Japanese Grand Prix. Red Bull Racing won 21 out of 22 Grands Prix, breaking the team record for highest percentage of Grand Prix wins in a season at 95.45%, beating McLaren's 1988 season. Verstappen also broke the record for the highest Grand Prix win percentage for drivers, with a win rate percentage of 86.36%, beating the previous record set by Alberto Ascari in 1952.

The following constructors and drivers are under contract to compete in the 2023 World Championship. All teams are due to compete with tyres supplied by Pirelli.

Honda returned as a named engine supplier to Red Bull Racing and AlphaTauri, with both teams' engines badged as Honda RBPT While Red Bull Powertrains had planned to take over assembly and maintenance of the engines from this season onwards, it was later agreed that Honda would continue its technical support of Red Bull Racing and AlphaTauri until the end of 2025.

Sebastian Vettel retired at the end of the 2022 championship ending his Formula One career after 16 seasons. His place at Aston Martin was taken by Fernando Alonso, who left Alpine after two seasons. His replacement was initially announced as the 2021 Formula 2 Champion and reserve driver Oscar Piastri. Shortly after the announcement, Piastri stated that he had not signed a contract for 2023 and that he would not be driving for Alpine. Pierre Gasly, who had a contract to drive for AlphaTauri, moved to Alpine, replacing Alonso. Gasly was replaced by the 2020–21 Formula E and 2019 Formula 2 Champion Nyck de Vries.

Daniel Ricciardo left McLaren after two seasons. He had a contract to drive for the team in 2023, but it was terminated during the 2022 championship by mutual agreement. Ricciardo's seat was filled by Piastri, who made his Formula One debut. Ricciardo then proceeded to become a reserve driver for Red Bull.

Nicholas Latifi left Williams after spending three seasons with the team. His seat was filled by Logan Sargeant, who made his Formula One debut by graduating from Formula 2 and became the first American Formula One driver to compete since Alexander Rossi in 2015 with former team Marussia and the first to compete full-time since Scott Speed in 2006 with former team Toro Rosso.

Mick Schumacher is left Haas after two seasons. His seat was filled by Nico Hülkenberg who last competed in Formula One as a full-time race driver in 2022 with former team Aston Martin.

Nyck de Vries was relieved of his driving duties for AlphaTauri after underperforming in the first ten races of his rookie season. His seat will be filled by Daniel Ricciardo from the Hungarian Grand Prix. Ricciardo had raced with the team, which at the time was called Toro Rosso, in the 2012 and 2013 seasons. However, during the Dutch Grand Prix, only his third race of the season, Ricciardo broke a metacarpal bone in his left hand in a crash during the second practice session.

As a result, Red Bull Racing and AlphaTauri's reserve driver Liam Lawson made his Formula One debut at the race. Lawson continued to substitute in for Ricciardo at the Italian, Singapore, Japanese and Qatar Grand Prix Ricciardo is set to return for the Unites States.

The 2023 calendar was due to feature twenty-three Grands Prix, but will have twenty-two instead because the Emilia Romagna Grand Prix being called off due to severe weather issues.

The Chinese and Qatar Grands Prix are scheduled to return to the calendar, after last being held in and , respectively. 

The Qatar Grand Prix, along with the Saudi Arabian Grand Prix, were initially planned to be moved to new, purpose-built circuits, before being retained in Lusail and Jeddah, respectively.

The Las Vegas Grand Prix is due to make its debut, with the race planned to be held in November on a new street track across the Las Vegas Strip. It will be the first Grand Prix which will be held in Las Vegas since the season with the Caesars Palace Grand Prix and the third race in the calendar to be held in the United States for the first time since the same season.

The Russian Grand Prix was under contract to feature on the 2023 calendar. It was originally meant to switch its venue from the Sochi Autodrom to Igora Drive, located on the outskirts of Saint Petersburg. However, the Grand Prix had its contract terminated in response to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

The French Grand Prix will not feature on the 2023 calendar although the promoters of the Grand Prix stated that they would aim for a rotational race deal by sharing its slot with other Grands Prix. The Grand Prix will return in 2025 at the Circuit de la Sarthe, Le Mans in 11-years contract.

The Chinese Grand Prix was initially due to be part of the calendar after last being held in , but it was cancelled for the fourth consecutive year due to the ongoing difficulties presented by the COVID-19 pandemic in the country. The Grand Prix will not be replaced and is expected to return for the 2024 season.

The Emilia Romagna Grand Prix, which was scheduled to take place on 21 May as the sixth round of the championship, was cancelled on 17 May due to flooding in the area.

The following 19 Grands Prix are contracted to form a part of the 2023 World Championship:

The following 3 Grands Prix are under contract to run in 2022, but do not have a contract for 2023:


Compromising Positions

Compromising Positions is a 1985 American mystery comedy movie directed by Frank Perry and was based on the 1978 novel by Susan Isaacs. It stars Susan Sarandon, Raul Julia, Mary Beth Hurt, Joe Mantegna, Edward Herrmann, Judith Ivey, Deborah Rush, Josh Mostel and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Microsoft Office 2003

Microsoft Office 2003 (codenamed Office 11) is an office suite made by Microsoft for its Windows operating system.

Office 2003 was released to manufacturing on August 19, 2003 and was later to retail on October 21, 2003, exactly two years later after the release of Windows XP, it was successor to Office XP and predecessor to Office 2007. Mainstream support of Office 2003 ended on April 14, 2009, extended support ended on April 8, 2014, the same day as mainstream support and extended support of Windows XP.
Office 2003 is incompatible with Windows NT 4.0, Windows 98, Windows ME and was compatible with Windows 2000 SP3, Windows XP, Windows Server 2003, Windows Vista, Windows Server 2008, Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2 and no longer supported with Windows 8 and Windows Server 2012.

Microsoft Office 2003 Service Pack 1 was release on July 27, 2004, this Service Pack has updates to fix bug issue of Microsoft Office 2003, the new features is "Cached Exchange" on Microsoft Word 2003.

Microsoft Office 2003 Service Pack 2 was release on September 27, 2005.

Microsoft Office 2003 Service Pack 3 was release on September 17, 2007.

In April 2009, Microsoft will be ended support of Office 2003 because was no longer supported after release in 2003. Mainstream support of Office 2003 was ended on April 14, 2009 and extended support ended on April 8, 2014, the same day as mainstream support and extended support of Windows XP. In August 2015, Microsoft announced that Office 2003 will not supported on Windows 8.1 and Windows 10.


Faded (Alan Walker song)

"Faded" is a song by Alan Walker with vocals by singer Iselin Solheim. The song was very successful and reached the top 10 in many countries.

It is the 21st most viewed video on YouTube, with more than 3.2 billion views. "Faded" is also the 48th most streamed song on Spotify, with more than 1.5 billion streams.

Louise Marwood

Louise Marwood (born 13 March 1979) is an English actress and comedian. She is known for portraying the role of Chrissie White in the ITV soap opera "Emmerdale", which she played from 2014 until 2018. In addition to her work on "Emmerdale", she has also had roles on "Holby City", "Hollyoaks", "The Bill", "", "Casualty" and "Coronation Street".

Sphaenorhynchus carneus

The Napo lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus carneus") is a frog. It lives in Venezuela, Guyana, French Guiana, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, and Brazil. Scientists think it may also live in Bolivia. It lives between 50 and 140 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 15.1 to 19.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 19.0 to 22.5 mm long.

This frog can change color. At night, this frog is pale green with lighter lines. During the day, it is dark green with reddish-brown marks.

The adult frogs live in partly open areas. When the males sing for the females, they sit partway in the water.

Todd Gilliland

Todd J. Gilliland (born May 15, 2000) is an American race car driver. He is the son of former NASCAR Driver and Team Owner David Gilliland. In 2023, he is splitting time between the Nos. 38/36, and 15/51 for Front Row Motorsports and Rick Ware Racing. 

Canhoteiro

José Ribamar de Oliveira, best known as Canhoteiro (24 September 1932 - 16 August 1974) was a Brazilian footballer, He was 168 centimeters tall and was a extremely fast left winger with excellent technique. He was quick and particularly adept at dribbling, he scored many goals. He is widely regarded as one of the greatest players in the history of São Paulo, and he is considered to be one of the best dribblers ever. It was said that what Garrincha did on the right wing, Canhoteiro did it on the left wing, but despite having joined the national team at the same time, they have played together sometimes. Equal on opposite sides of the pitch, both interpreted football in a cheerful and playful way. He is recognized by many as one of the finest left-wingers of all time. His nickname was "The Garrincha of the left".

Canhoteiro was born in the city of Coruata on September 24, 1932. There, his father Cecilio kept a tent where he sold corn porridge and tapioca to workers. Canhoteiro spent his childhood there, who, contrary to the wishes of his father, did not particularly bother himself with studying and reading books. Cecilio was very afraid that he would spend his life just like himself, selling porridge. Later, he began playing football, playing for the youth team Moto Club da San Luis. At the same time, he got his first job: thanks to his friendship with market traders, he, while still a very young man, began working as a truck driver for short distances. He then played for the amateur club Paysandu de San Luis.

At the beginning of 1949, the president of the America club from the city of Fortaleza, Livio Correia Amaro, managed to convince Cecilio that his son went to this team to play football professionally after showing the president his great skills and dribbling. He immediately began to stand out for his game and even played for the national team of the state of Ceara. In April 1954, Canhoteiro moved to São Paulo, who paid 100,000 cruzeiro for the striker's transfer. He made his debut for the team on 8 April against Corinthians, where he beat the club's defender, Idario, 14 times. At the club, Canhoteiro ousted Teixerinho from the squad. On April 18, he already scored the first goal for the club, hitting the Linense goal. The following year, the winger helped the team win the Small World Cup, and two years later, win the Sao Paulo State Championship. In 1960, the striker was part of the São Paulo team that played the first game of the newly built Morumbi Stadium with Montevideo 's Nacional; the national team beat the Uruguayan team with a score of 3:0, and Canhoteiro scored one of the goals. In the same year, the footballer suffered a very serious knee injury, which was inflicted on him by the Corinthians player Homero Oppi. The winger recovered from the injury, but he could no longer show his former level. In total, for Sao Paulo, he spent 415 games (230 wins, 95 draws and 90 losses), of which 338 matches in starting lineup, and 105 goals, according to third data, he spent 415 matches in the team and scored 103 goals. In 1963, Cañoteiro left for Mexico, to the Nacional club. There he played until 1965, and then spent two seasons in Toluca, where he scored 7 goals. Then the player returned to Brazil, signing a contract with Nacional". He later played for Saad and Araras.

In the national team of Brazil, Canhoteiro made his debut on November 17, 1955 in a 3-3 draw against the Paraguayan national team, at the stake of which was the Copa Oswaldo Cruz 1955. It was a successful debut as Canhoteiro in 6 minutes and his scored his first and only goal. In 1956, Canhoteiro participated in the 1956 Copa América, where Brazil finished fourth. At that tournament he played in four matches against: Chile, Peru, Argentina and Uruguay. Canhoteiro also participated in the 1957 Copa América where Brazil ended up as runners-up but only played once. In 1958 he was close to going to the World Cup, but he was left off after losing a place to Mário Zagallo and Pepe as well as the fear of flights so he was unnamed for the tournament. The last time for the Canhoteiro national team appeared on September 20, 1959 in a 1-0 win against Chile's national team, with Copa O'Higgins 1959 at stake. In total, he appeared 19 times for the Brazilian national team and scored 1 goal.

After completing his career as a football player, Canhoteiro could not find himself in life for a long time. He started using drugs and alcohol. Thanks to friends, he was able to get a job at the State Bank of São Paulo, where he worked in a local restaurant and he was always smiling. On August 13, 1974, after eating feijoada and washing it down with caipirinha and beer, he began to complain of a severe headache. Before going to work in a restaurant, Canhoteiro went to his friends where he fainted. He was taken to the hospital after being diagnosed with a stroke. Three days later he died on August 16, at the age of 41 and his funeral was held days later.

!Total||19||1

São Paulo

Brazil
Individual

RS (rapper)

RS was the musical name of Jay-Ronne Grootfaam. He was an important drill rapper from Amsterdam. Drill rap is a form of rap that celebrates violence.

Grootfaam rapped about violence, crime and his life in Amsterdam.

On September 3rd 2019, Grootfaam was killed with a knife. The killer was part of a rap group that Grootfaam was in conflict with. It was the first time in the Netherlands that someone died as a result of a drill rap conflict.

Ivan I of Moscow

Iván I Danilovich Kalitá (Russian: Ива́н I Данилович Калита́; 1 November 1288 – 31 March 1340 or 1341) was Grand Duke of Moscow from 1325 and Vladimir from 1332.

Ivan was the son of the Prince of Moscow Daniil Aleksandrovich.

Gedenkstätte Berliner Mauer

The Gedenkstätte Berliner Mauer (Berlin Wall Memorial) is a monument to remember the Berlin Wall. It is also to remember those who died trying to cross the wall. Over one million people visit the site each year. It is one of the most popular sites in Berlin. 

The German Historical Museum proposed to have a memorial. Kohlhoff & Kohlhoff designed the memorial. The German government and the city of Berlin created the monument in 1998. The final memorial site opened in 2008. An extension was added in 2013. 

There is a Chapel of Reconciliation, visitor center, documentation center, a 60-meter section of the Berlin Wall and a window of remembrance. The memorial has four areas. They are The wall and the "Todesstreifen" (death strip), Destruction of the city, Building of the wall and "Es geschah an der Mauer" (It happened at the wall). 

The memorial itself includes a preserved part of the Berlin wall structure. This includes a strip of land that is enclosed by two walls. There is also a watch tower just like one when Berlin was divided. The inscription on the memorial is: In memory of the divided city and the victims of communist tyranny. Visitors cannot access the memorial and it is enclosed, but one can see it from the Documentation Center. 

The Documentation Center holds a permanent exhibition called “1961 | 1989. The Berlin Wall.” It presents the history of the wall. The center is located across the street from the memorial on Bernauer Straße. 

The Window of Rememberance remembers the 132 people who died trying to cross the wall. It includes names and pictures of people who died.  

The Chapel of Reconciliation structure is the site of a church that was along the wall. The wall separated the churchgoers of the Protestant Reconciliation Parish from the church building. The building symbolized the divide of Germany. West Germany destroyed the building in 1985 but kept the altarpiece and bells. There is a new chapel building with services.

Alaska (1996 movie)

Alaska is a 1996 American adventure survival movie. It was directed by Fraser Clarke Heston and produced by Andy Burg. The story was written by Andy Burg and Scott Myers. The director's father, Charlton Heston, plays the main antagonist.


The story is about two children who search through the Alaskan wilderness for their lost father, after his airplane crashed into a mountain. During their journey, they find a polar bear cub who helps them to find their father. However, an evil poacher who wants to capture the bear, follows close behind the children and the polar bear.

The movie was filmed in the Purcell Mountains of British Columbia in Canada and the city of Vancouver.

The movie was a "box office bomb", because the money earned at the box office (cinemas) was $11,829,959, compared to the movie budget of $24 million.

The reviews by movie critics were also negative. On Rotten Tomatoes, the movie has an approval rating of only 23% based on reviews from 13 critics, with an average of 4.70 out of 10.

Murder of Bruno Pereira and Dom Phillips

The Murder of Bruno Pereira and Dom Phillips took place in Brazil. On June 5, 2022, Brazilian indigenous expert Bruno Araújo Pereira and British journalist Dom Phillips disappeared during a trip to Vale do Javari. It is the second largest indigenous land in Brazil, at the western end of the Amazon River.

Two brothers were arrested and suspected of involvement in the disappearances. A few days later, one of them confessed that he had killed them. He told the police where he had buried the bodies. He also told them where the boat that the men were using sank. The police found human remains at the location. The forensic examination was completed on June 17. It confirmed that one of the bodies found was that of Phillips.

The two men traveled to Lago do Jaburu and were to continue their journey to the community of São Rafael. They were to have a meeting with a local fisherman. The crime occurred on the road between São Rafael and the municipality of Atalaia do Norte. The case had wide repercussions in the Brazilian and international media, and mobilized societies and trade associations.

On June 5, the Union of Indigenous Organizations of the Javari Valley (Univaja) organized two search teams that left Atalaia do Norte and Tabatinga. However without success, the entity released a note on its social networks denouncing the disappearance and asking for efforts in the search. For its part, the Federal Police announced that it was investigating the event, but gave no further details.

On June 7, the Military Police searched the residence of Amarildo da Costa de Oliveira, known as "Pelado", after receiving an anonymous tip about his supposed participation in a disappearance. He was arrested for possession of drugs and ammunition of restricted use. At the time, the police seized the suspect's speedboat, where traces of blood were found and sent for analysis. On 12 June, the firefighters' team in Atalaia do Norte found a backpack, a laptop and a pair of sandals near Amarildo's house. The following day, Dom Phillips' family was wrongly informed by the Brazilian Embassy in the United Kingdom that the bodies had been found.

On June 15, Amarildo confessed his participation in the crime and indicated to the authorities where he had buried the bodies, as well as the place where Bruno and Dom's boat sank. The Federal Police found human remains at the indicated location and did not rule out further arrests. The day before the confession, Amarildo's brother, Oseney da Costa de Oliveira, was arrested.

On June 18, police arrested a third suspect in the killings, Jefferson da Silva Lima.

Pereira's funeral was held on June 24 in Recife, Pernambuco and Phillips's funeral was held on June 26 in Nitéroi, Rio de Janeiro. The bodies of both men were cremated. As of June 27, the police continue to investigate to determine all those responsible for ordering and carrying out the murders.

La Voz Argentina

La Voz Argentina is a talent show broadcast by Telefe. It is the local adaptation of the international singing contest franchise The Voice that was created by the Dutch television producer John de Mol and had adaptations in various countries around the world. The program is produced by Telefe and the British company ITV Studios.

Telefe has produced four editions of the program. 
The first season of the program premiered on Sunday, July 1, 2012. It ended on December 2, 2012 with Gustavo Corvalán, from the Soledad team, as the winner. 
The second season premiered in October 2018 and ended in December of the same year with Braulio Assanelli, from the team of Venezuelan Ricardo Montaner, as the winner.
In 2020, the third season was announced, which finally premiered on June 24, 2021 and ended on September 5, 2021, with Francisco Benítez, from the Soledad team, as the winner. 
In 2022, Telefe announced the production of a fourth season that premiered on June 5 of the same year.

La Voz finds the best voice in Argentina (although people from other countries can participate). To do this they must go through a series of stages that go from blind auditions to live shows, these have been changing or varying their dynamics throughout the seasons.

In this first stage, the coaches have their backs to the participants and are guided only by their voice. 
If the voice of the participant pleases the coaches, they will press the button ("I want your voice") that will turn their chair in front of them, to finally meet him/her and show that the participant has been selected. If more than one coach presses the button, the participant will have the option to decide with which of the coaches he/she wants in this competition. If only one coach presses the button, the participant automatically goes to his team. 
If none of the coaches presses the button, it means that the participant is eliminated.

In the battles, each coach groups the members of his team into pairs, so that they face each other in a ring and sing the same song, thus showing their best vocal and artistic skills. At the end of each performance, only one of them advances to the next round. Beginning with the third season, at this stage each coach receives the opportunity for the «Stole», two in total, which allow them to save and incorporate into their teams contestants eliminated by other coaches during this round. In each season, each coach receives the help of invited mentors, who help him advise his participants to show off and perform well, providing their point of view to make the best decision for the team.

This stage was only included in the first season. During this, the nine participants who survived the battles will face a new elimination. Each coach will select their six best artists, who will qualify directly to the Live Shows. The remaining three will duel, singing the song that made them qualify for the "blind auditions". Two of them will be saved by their coach and will qualify for the next stage, so that each team will have one eliminated and eight artists who qualify.

This stage was added from the second season. During this round, a pair of contestants from the same team are selected to perform at the same time, but unlike battles, each contestant sings a song. At the end of both presentations, each coach selects one of them to advance to the next round. In this phase, each coach can steal participants who have lost in their Knockout, in the second edition there were two "steals" per coach and in the third only one.

In the Playoffs, participants perform in team rounds to once again prove their talent.
In the second season, each coach had to save 2 participants (of the 8 in total), while the others went to vote by phone, SMS and/or digital platform, so that the public could save 2 more in this way. In this playoff, the coach is left with 4 participants. 
In the third edition the rules were changed, there was no telephone and/or digital platform vote, each coach saved 6 participants (of the 8 in total) and the remaining two were directly eliminated.

In this last phase, each participant presents himself to the public (however, it is not broadcast live), showing musical performance in order to get more votes from the audience. 

Not only solo songs will be presented, but each participant will perform a duet with her coach or together with the other participants. One of the four finalists will be chosen as the winner.

In the third season, the program added a new competition phase already presented in other editions around the world called "El Regreso" which is exclusive to telefe.com and its digital platforms. Contestants who failed to turn a chair in the blind auditions and who have been eliminated in the battles and knockouts, have the opportunity to be selected by the fifth coach Emilia Mernes to face each other in different rounds and make it back to the competition. major.

High Sheriff of Kent

The high sheriff is the oldest secular office under the Crown (prior to 1974 the office previously known as sheriff).

William Woodgate

William Woodgate (26 August 1638 - 18 January 1717) was High Sheriff of Kent in 1700, he was the son of John Woodgate.

He married Mary Sillcock of Benenden, Kent in 1658, they had 1 child, William Woodgate (1661-1758)

John van Vliet

Johannes “John” van Vliet was a Dutch professional boxer from Overschie. He competed in the heavyweight category and was 85 kg. He competed at professional international competitions in Europe between 1929 and 1932.

Van Vliet made his debut on 15 June 1929 in Chatelineau against Gustave Limousin. He lost as a result of corner retirement. The same year he also lost from the later German Olympian Ernst Pistulla in Bockbrauerei. 

In 1930 he fought against Paul Hofman (in Rotterdam), Canadian Larry Gains (in Leicester) and Emil Stich (in Saarbruecken).

Van Vliet had a fight in 22 April 1931 in the Royal Albert Hall in London (UK). He lost the 10-rounds fight against the British John Pettifer. The referee stopped the fight in the third round because the eye of Van Vliet was serious injured. The revenue of the fight was for war blind people. 

On 13 May 1931, Van Vliet had a fight in Aken against the German Hans Blaschek. It was a fight of three thirty seconds rounds. Van Vliet was stonger during the fight. In the second round Blaschek was down for nine seconds, in the second round twice and in the last round three times nine seconds. However, 20 seconds before the end of the fight his eye injury opened again and started blooding (the injury from the fight against Pettifer) and the referee had to stop the fight.

Van Vliet had a fight on 29 September 1931 in Antwerp (Belgium). He lost this fight from Berr Melsow on points.

On 25 January 1932 he went knock out in a fight against French Maurice Griselle. On 7 November 1932 there was a scheduled fight of Van Vliet against Belgian Harry Staal during the international boxing competition in Rotterdam. However, the fight didn’t take place because Van Vliet retired from boxing.

NRI Haadsa

NRI Haadsa is a crime-based episodic show inspired by true stories of crimes involving non-resident Indians in India. The 14-part series showcases stories of kidnapping, murder, a faux marriage proposal and many other crimes aired by Colors TV, Voot and MX Player. The series is hosted by Rushad Rana.




Cornwall, Vermont

Cornwall is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Ferrisburgh, Vermont

Ferrisburgh is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Goshen, Vermont

Goshen is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Granville, Vermont

Granville is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Hancock, Vermont

Hancock is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Leicester, Vermont

Leicester is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Monkton, Vermont

Monkton, also known as Monkton Boro, is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States. As of the 2020 census, 2,079 people lived there.

Gustave Limousin

Gustave Limousin (13 May 1908 — 27 March 1964) was a Belgian boxer. He competed in the heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions in Europe between 1927 and 1938.

Limousin made his debut on 8 October 1927 in Chatelineau against Deschepper and won (KO). During his career he had 88 fights, winning 53 of them (20 losses, 9 draws). 

Limousin became national champion. In a fight to become 1930 European Champion he lost against German Olympian Ernst Pistulla in Berlin in December 1930.

ANSES

The National Social Security Administration (Spanish: Administración Nacional de la Seguridad Social; mostly known for its acronym ANSES) is a decentralized entity of the Argentine national public administration dependent on the Ministry of Labor, Employment and Social Security that manages social security benefits.

ANSES was created on December 26, 1991 by Decree No. 2,741.

The Man in the Moon

The Man in the Moon is a 1991 American coming-of-age drama movie It was directed by Robert Mulligan. The movie stars Reese Witherspoon, Tess Harper, Sam Waterston, Emily Warfield, Jason London, Bentley Mitchum. It is Witherspoon's first movie. The movie was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Mambo (movie)

Mambo is a 1954 Italian American drama movie directed by Robert Rossen and starring Silvana Mangano, Michael Rennie, Vittorio Gassman, Shelley Winters, Katherine Dunham, Mary Clare, Eduardo Ciannelli. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Thinking Out Loud

"Thinking Out Loud" is a song by Ed Sheeran in his 2014 album "×". It was produced by Jake Gosling, and written by Ed Sheeran and singer Amy Wadge. The song was released in the United States on 24 September 2014; it also reached number 2 on the Billboard Hot 100.

BBVA Tower

The BBVA Tower () is a skyscraper of commercial and financial offices. It is the main headquarters of the BBVA bank in Argentina.
The tower is located in the area of the financial center and business complex of Catalinas Norte, in the Retiro neighborhood in the Buenos Aires. It is the eleventh tallest building in the city.

It is the headquarters of BBVA Argentina. Construction began in early 2012 and opened in April 2017. The tower, which has reached its final height and has become one of the 10 tallest buildings in Buenos Aires.

The tower opened on April 20, 2017 and was attended by the CEO of the company and the vice president of the Argentina, Gabriela Michetti.

X (Ed Sheeran album)

× (which is pronounced "multiply") is the second album by Ed Sheeran. It was first released in Australia and New Zealand on 20 June 2014, and then across the world three days later. The album was a major success, reaching number 1 in 15 countries, including the United States ("Billboard" 200) and the United Kingdom (UK Albums Chart). 

Five singles were released from the album: "Sing", "Don't", "Thinking Out Loud", "Bloodstream" (a collaboration with Rudimental), and "Photograph".

BBVA Argentina

BBVA (previously known as Banco Francés and BBVA Francés) is an Argentine banking subsidiary. It belongs to the Spanish parent company of BBVA.

In 2019, BBVA unifies its brand worldwide and BBVA Francés was renamed BBVA.

It was founded as Banco Francés del Río de la Plata on October 14, 1886, in a historical period in Argentina where a large number of entities of its type emerged, many of which would quickly disappear due to the Panic of 1890.

In 1888, the shares of the Banco Frances, which are still on the market, began to be listed on the Buenos Aires Stock Exchange. In 1926, the new headquarters of the entity was inaugurated, on the corner of Bartolomé Miter and Reconquista streets, in the heart of the financial city of Buenos Aires.

In 1959, she was one of the winners of the first loan that Eximbank made to Argentina. In 1968, the Morgan Guaranty Trust Company of New York acquired 50% of the shares, and began a process of strengthening and expanding the French Bank in the field of wholesale banking.
During the 1970s, the Compañía de Seguros Sud América reconverted its real estate assets into Banco Francés shares, in a procedure led by a new board of directors highly influenced by Luis María Otero Monsegur. In this way, South America acquired a large number of shares of the Bank. In 1975, Morgan Guaranty landed in Argentina, and therefore sold its share to two Argentine companies: Sud América Seguros de Vida and Alpargatas. From that moment the French Bank began to adopt other functions, such as retail banking.
In the first half of the 1980s, the number of branches of the Banco Frances doubled in three years, managing to also cover loans to medium-sized companies, while consolidating the retail branch.

Between 1986 and 1989, the Banco Francés had a joint venture with the Bankers Trust Company, developing investment banking. In 1988, 22 branches of the Banco Español/Banco Comercial del Norte were acquired, and that same July the offshore branch began operations in the Cayman Islands: the Banco Francés del Río de la Plata (Cayman) Ltd.
In 1991 Alpargatas sold its share to Sud América Inversiones and Eduardo F. Constantini. At the same time, more branches were acquired from Banco Santander and Chase Manhattan Bank, reaching 62 of them.

In December 1996, Banco Bilbao Vizcaya (currently Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria) acquired 99.90% of the shares of Otar S.R.L., from Otero Monsegur y Areco, majority shareholder of Sud América Inversiones, holder, in turn, of the 30.04% of the capital of Banco Francés. The operation was carried out at 375 million dollars.

In August 1997, the Bank acquired 71.75% of Banco de Crédito Argentino, with which it merged, strengthening itself with the absorption of the competitor entity.
As of March 2006, BBVA Banco Francés had 232 retail branches throughout the country and 27 branches specializing in small and medium-sized businesses.

In 2012, it became the main sponsor of the two most successful football clubs in Argentina, sporting the "BBVA" or "BBVA Francés" logo on the front of their shirts, starting in January at Club Atlético Boca Juniors and since July at Club Atlético River Plate. Since 2015 it has also sponsored "Talleres de Córdoba".

Star Channel

Star Channel (formerly known as FOX and later Fox Channel) is a Latin American subscription television channel of US origin, owned by The Walt Disney Company Latin America and operated by Disney Media Networks Latin America. It is mainly aimed at the family audience.

It began broadcasting on August 14, 1993 under the Fox name, presenting comedy, action, and drama series under its original name (except for The Simpsons and Futurama), as well as films of various cinematographic genres. Since 2005, it has had a block of cartoons for adults, broadcast from Monday to Friday at night called ¡No Molestar! (¡Do Not Disturb!).

On November 5, 2018, the channel was renamed to Fox Channel. After the acquisition of 21st Century Fox by Disney in 2019, and in order to avoid relating it to the current Fox Corporation, on November 27, 2020, Disney announced that the Fox channels would be renamed under the name Star, issue that was finalized on February 22, 2021.

On August 14, 1993, Fox extends its broadcasts to Latin America. Its programming had a high percentage of series aimed at families and adults. In its beginnings, the signal broadcast old series from 20th Century Fox such as Batman and Lost in Space, among other series. The most watched series on the channel are The Simpsons [citation needed], which is broadcast to this day, along with series such as Dark Angel, Buffy The Vampire Slayer, The X-Files, Ally McBeal, among others. In addition, the signal broadcasts a block of movies since its inception, either from 20th Century Fox, as well as from other film production companies such as Dreamworks, and is characterized by transmitting suspense, action, drama, comedy and animated films.

In 1994, Fox had blocks dedicated to the family and the sports world, so some of them were on the channel itself to date. Its first blocks were Cine Fox, Fox Kids and Fox Sports.

In 1999, the Hispano-American signal decided to create an animated block on Sundays named Animated Sunday, where series such as The Simpsons, Futurama and Los Reyes de la Colina, among other series, were broadcast. That same year they created the website canalfox.com to see information about the series, channel programming, movies, etc.

In 2005, Fox decided to change the name of animated Sunday to Do Not Disturb!, a section that has the same characteristics as the previous block, but during the commercials, acid dialogues of some subject are shown.

In 2007, the Fox website changes its name to mundofox.com but the theme of the site is the same and includes special sites for the series, videos and image galleries.

That same year, Fox created the first original series for Latin America: Final Time, an adaptation of the Argentine series of the same name. It is produced in Colombia by the production company Fox Telecolombia and has the participation of renowned Ibero-American actors. This series also aired on FX.

In 2008, and as part of its 15th anniversary, Fox organized a contest where viewers could take a photo with any object, but as long as it bore the figure of an oval that represents the letter "O" of the Fox brand, having a recognized success since more than 350,000 photos per minute (approximately) were sent to the site.

Starting in 2012, the Fox site is renamed canalfox.com again, as it reserved the mundofox.com site for the launch of MundoFox.

On October 15, 2013, the channel premiered a new graphic package for its 20th anniversary. On August 17, Fox kicked off its 20th anniversary celebration with a 24-hour marathon of The Simpsons. On December 28, 2014, the channel began broadcasting 16:9 programming for series originally shot in that aspect ratio. On February 9, 2015, Fox debuted a new graphics package.

On November 5, 2018, the channel changed its typography, graphics, and renamed itself Fox Channel.

On February 22, 2021, the channel was renamed as Star Channel. This change also affected Fox Life and Fox Premium, which were renamed Star Life and Star Premium respectively.
Through the commercial success, other channels associated with Star (formerly Fox) have been released:


How to Play Golf

How to Play Golf is a 1944 short movie by Walt Disney Animation Studios. It was directed by Jack Kinney. It was distributed by RKO. It was a part of a series where Goofy learned to play various sports.


The short was released on December 2, 2002, on "".

ZooMoo

ZooMoo is an international pay television channel. It is owned by Singapore's Beach House Pictures and New Zealand's NHNZ. The channel was first launched in Brazil in September 2001 in high definition (HD). On 7 January 2006, ZooMoo was launched in Singapore.

Antonio Stradivari

Antonio Stradivari (1644 18 December 1737) was an Italian luthier (a person who makes stringed instruments). He made violins, violas, cellos, guitars, and harps. The instruments he made are called "Stradivarius", or "Strad" for short. Many people think that he is the greatest violin maker. Around 650 of the instruments he made survive.

Bruno Pereira

Bruno da Cunha Araújo Pereira (August 15, 1980-June 2022) was a Brazilian indigenous expert and defender of the causes of native peoples.

In 2019, he led the largest expedition to contact isolated indigenous people in the last 20 years. However, after pressure from rural sectors linked to the government of Jair Bolsonaro, he was removed from his post in October of that year by the then executive secretary of Sergio Moro in the Ministry of Justice, Luiz Pontel.

Bruno was married to the anthropologist Beatriz Matos, with whom he had two children. He also had a third child from another relationship.

In June 2022, along with British journalist Dom Phillips, they were killed while traveling through Valle de Javari, the second largest indigenous land in Brazil, at the western edge of the Amazon. They went to interview the indigenous people in a place called Lago do Jaburu and then moved to the community of São Rafael, where they would meet with a local fisherman. The crime occurred on the road between the community and the municipality of Atalaia do Norte.

Pereira and Phillips received death threats for their work helping protect Indigenous people of Amazonas from drug traffickers as well as from illegal miners, loggers, and hunters.

Two brothers were detained by the Brazilian Federal Police (PF) on suspicion of being involved in the disappearances. Days later, one of them confessed that he had killed Bruno and Phillips and told the Federal Police where he had buried the bodies, as well as the place where the boat in which Phillips and Pereira were traveling sank. The police found human remains in the indicated place and did not rule out more arrests. However, forensic analysis still needs to be completed to confirm that the bodies are those of Bruno and Phillips.

One of the two brothers, nicknamed "El Pelado", was arrested a few days after June 5, accused of possession of illegal ammunition. In addition, his boat was seen chasing Bruno and Dom's when they were near their destination, the city of Atalaia do Norte. They disappeared on June 5, and everything suggests that they died around that date.

Atalaia do Norte

Atalaia do Norte is a municipality in the interior of the state of Amazonas, in the North Region of Brazil, the Southwest Amazonian Mesoregion and the Alto Solimões Microregion, southwest of Manaus, the state capital, 1,136 kilometers away.

The city of Atalaia do Norte is known throughout the world for occupying a large part of the indigenous area of ​​the Javari Valley, which is the largest Indian reservation in the world and has been the scene of one of the largest falls cosmic events of modern history, which came to be known as the "Curuçá River Event".

The State Department of Education and Teaching Quality (SEDUC) maintains five schools in the municipality, providing secondary and primary education.

Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption, Port-au-Prince

The Cathedral of Our Lady of the Assumption (), better known as the Port-au-Prince Cathedral (), was a cathedral located in Port-au-Prince, Haiti built between 1884 and 1914 and would be consecrated until 1928. It was destroyed during the January 12, 2010 Earthquake.

During the Earthquake, the roof and the bell towers collapsed, except for the walls which resisted, at that moment the nunciature and the archiepiscopal offices would collapse where Archbishop Joseph Serge Miot and Vicar General Charles Beniot would die.

In 2012, the Archdiocese of Port-au-Prince together with Faith & Form magazine launched an international competition on the reconstruction of the cathedral, which was won by the Puerto Rican architect Segundo Cardona who planned to use the old building for the reconstruction of this new cathedral. the construction is still in a state of ruins.


Sabrina (1954 movie)

Sabrina is a 1954 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Billy Wilder and was based on the 1953 play "Sabrina Fair" by Samuel A. Taylor. It stars Audrey Hepburn, Humphrey Bogart, William Holden and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 6 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1955. It was remade in 1995.


Gorillas in the Mist: The Story of Dian Fossey

Gorillas in the Mist: The Story of Dian Fossey is a 1988 American biographical drama movie directed by Michael Apted and was based on the 1985 book of the same name by Dian Fossey. It stars Sigourney Weaver, Bryan Brown, Julie Harris, Iain Glen, Iain Cuthbertson, Maggie O'Neill and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 5 Academy Awards in 1989.


Family Dollar

Family Dollar is an American variety store chain in the United States. Family Dollar is headquartered in Matthews, a suburb of Charlotte, North Carolina. The chain employs 1,400 people.


Mudashiru Obasa

Mudashiru Ajayi Obasa (born 11 November 1972) is a Nigerian lawyer, politician and member of All Progressives Congress. He was born in Agege in Lagos, Nigeria. He had his primary education at St Thomas Acquinas Primary School, Surulere, Lagos. He then attended Archbishop Aggey Memorial Secondary school, Mushin, Ilasamaja, Lagos where he obtained the West Africa School Certificate. He received a bachelor's degree in law from Lagos State University, Lagos in the year 2006.

2022 French legislative elections

Legislative elections in France were held on 12 and 19 June 2022 to elect the 577 members of the 16th National Assembly. The elections took place after the 2022 French presidential election, which was held in April.

Turnout for the first round was a record low 47.5%. Ensemble, a pro-Emmanuel Macron coalition came in first place. The newly formed socialist environmentalist NUPES coalition led by Jean-Luc Mélenchon finished second.

In the second round, which had a higher turnout than that of the 2017 French legislative election, Macron's Ensemble coalition won the most seats, 250, in the National Assembly but also lost majority control, causing a hung parliament. NUPES won a large amount of seats, having a total of 151 seats.

Ensemble Citoyens

Ensemble () is a liberal political coalition in France. It was formed in November 2021 as Ensemble Citoyens. It includes La République En Marche! (LREM), Democratic Movement (MoDem), Agir, Territories of Progress (TDP), Horizons, En commun, and the Progressive Federation. This coalition is seen as a supportive of President Emmanuel Macron.

New Ecological and Social People's Union

The New Ecologic and Social People's Union (, NUPES) is a left-wing alliance of political party in France led by Jean-Luc Mélenchon. It was formed on May Day 2022. Parties supporting this are La France insoumise (LFI), the Socialist Party (PS), the French Communist Party (PCF), Europe Ecology – The Greens (EELV), Ensemble! (E!), and Génération.s (G.s).

This party was founded for the 2022 French legislative election and its goal was to reject Emmanuel Macron's Ensemble Citoyens on the centre-right a majority in the National Assembly. Some left-wing parties agreed to create a coalition to make Mélenchon the Prime Minister of France. 

NUPES won the most seats outside of Ensemble, causing Macron not to have a majority, however they won about 22% of the seats on the National Assembly. They did win 31% of the popular vote, however the far-right National Rally will most likely be the opposition party because NUPES is an alliance of parties. Mélenchon said that NUPES and the French Left should form a united, single group in Parliament.

Aleksei Parshin

Aleksei Nikolaevich Parshin (; 7 November 1942 – 18 June 2022) was a Russian mathematician. His works focused in arithmetic geometry. He was most well-known for his role in the proof of the Mordell conjecture.

Parshin died on 18 June 2022 in Moscow, Russia
at the age of 79.

Carol Raye

Carol Raye (17 January 1923 – 19 June 2022) was a British-born Australian actress, comedian, singer, dancer, and radio and television producer and director.

Raye was best known as the producer and starring in "The Mavis Bramston Show". She was also in the soap opera "Number 96" as Baroness Amanda von Pappenburg. She also played herself in "The Mike Walsh Show" and was a regular panellist on the game show "Blankety Blanks".

Raye died on 19 June 2022 in Sydney, Australia at the age of 99.

Regimantas Adomaitis

Regimantas Adomaitis (31 January 1937 – 20 June 2022) was a Lithuanian actor. He was born in Šiauliai, Lithuania. His career began in 1963. 

His best known roles were in "Nobody Wanted to Die" (1966), "East Corridor" (1966), "Feelings" (1968), "King Lear" (1971), "" (1973), "Devil's Bride" (1974), "Centaurs" (1978), "Faktas" (1981), "The Trust That Has Burst" (1983) and "Moscow Saga" (2004).

Adomaitis died on 20 June 2022 in Vilnius, Lithuania from a heart attack caused by his cancer treatment at the age of 85.

Colin Grainger

Colin Grainger (10 June 1933 – 20 June 2022) was an English footballer. He played outside left and had a 16-year career in the Football League from 1950 to 1966. He made seven appearances for the England national football team between 1956 until 1957. He was born in Havercroft, West Yorkshire, England. 

Grainger played for Sunderland A.F.C. between 1957 until 1960, making 120 appearances. From 1953 until 1957, he played Sheffield United F.C., making 88 appearances. He also played for Port Vale F.C. and Doncaster Rovers F.C..

In March 2020, Grainger was moved to a care home in Kirklees, West Yorkshire. He died on 20 June 2022, ten days after his 89th birthday.

England

Woolley Miners Welfare

Chris Massoglia

Christopher Paul Massoglia (born March 29, 1992) is an American actor and politician. He is a conservative. He was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota. His best known movie roles are in "A Plumm Summer" (2007), "The Hole" (2009), "" (2009), "The Matchbreaker" (2016) and "Reagan" (2022).

In 2021, Massoglia was elected to the city council in Blaine, Minnesota.

Heinrich Müller (Gestapo)

Heinrich Müller was a high-ranking German "Schutzstaffel" (SS) and police official during the Nazi era.

Verónica Alcocer

Verónica Alcocer García (born May 26, 1976) who has been the First Lady of Colombia since 2022. She is the wife of the former mayor of Bogotá and president of Colombia, Gustavo Petro.

She spent a few years wanting to be an artist, however she later studied law.

She has a son from another marriage. Her and Petro were married in 2003 and they have two children together. During Petro's political career, she was the subject of many death threats and spying.

19th of April Movement

The 19th of April Movement (), or M-19, was a Colombian guerrilla movement. After the guerrilla movement broke apart, it became a political party, the M-19 Democratic Alliance (), or AD/M-19.

The group was created after the possibly rigged presidential elections of 19 April 1970.

The group's ideas were seen as nationalism, but its main goal was to open up democracy in Colombia. In the 1980s, the group had about 1,500 and 2,000 members, making it the second largest guerrilla group in Colombia after the FARC. 

Today, the group is no longer active however senior members later became politicians and members of Humane Colombia. President-elect Gustavo Petro was a member of this group.

Zipaquirá

Zipaquirá () is a city of Colombia in the department of Cundinamarca.

Enrique Peñalosa

Enrique Peñalosa Londoño (born 30 September 1954) is a Colombian politician. He was mayor of Bogotá from 1998 until 2001 and elected again in 2015, with his term finishing in 2019. He has also worked as a journalist.

Claudia López Hernández

Claudia Nayibe López Hernández (born 9 March 1970) is a Colombian politician. She has been the Mayor of Bogotá since 2020. She was a Senator of the Republic of Colombia from 2014 until 2018. She was the vice-presidential candidate in the 2018 presidential election for the Green Alliance party. 

In October 2019, she was elected mayor of Bogotá, becoming the first woman and as well the first openly LGBT person to be elected to this office.

Jordi Bonet i Armengol

Jordi Bonet i Armengol (12 May 1925 – 20 June 2022) was a Spanish architect. He was born in Barcelona, Spain. His father worked with Antoni Gaudí. He was known as the construction manager of the Sagrada Família from 1987 until 2012. In 2019, he was nominated to be a member of the Pontifical Academy of Fine Arts and Letters of the Virtuosi al Pantheon.

Bonet died on 20 June 2022 in Barcelona at the age of 97.

Sebastian Duterte

Sebastian "Baste" Zimmerman Duterte (; ; born November 3, 1987) is a Filipino politician. He is the mayor of Davao City since 2022. Before, he was deputy mayor from 2019 until 2022. He is the youngest son of former President Rodrigo Duterte.

Feelings (1968 movie)

Feelings () is a 1968 Lithuanian drama movie directed by Algirdas Dausa and Almantas Grikevičius. It stars Regimantas Adomaitis, Juozas Budraitis, Algimantas Masiulis, Vytautas Paukštė.

Ria Christina Fariñas

Ria Christina Gerodias Fariñas (born March 6, 1984) is a Filipino politician. She represented the 1st District of Ilocos Norte in the Philippine House of Representatives from 2019 until 2022.

She lost her re-election bid in May 2022 to Sandro Marcos, the son of the presidential candidate Bongbong Marcos, in a landslide.

Sandro Marcos

Ferdinand Alexander Araneta Marcos III (, ; born March 7, 1994), mainly known as Sandro Marcos, is a Filipino politician. He is the member of the Philippine House of Representatives from 1st district of Ilocos Norte since 2022. He is the oldest of three sons of President Bongbong Marcos and first lady Liza Araneta Marcos.

The Nun's Story (movie)

The Nun's Story is a 1959 American drama movie directed by Fred Zinnemann and was based on the 1956 novel of the same name by Kathryn Hulme. It stars Audrey Hepburn, Peter Finch, Edith Evans, Peggy Ashcroft, Beatrice Straight, Dean Jagger, Ruth White, Patricia Bosworth, Colleen Dewhurst, Lionel Jeffries and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 8 Academy Awards in 1960.


Maurice Griselle

Maurice Griselle (born 14 October 1908) was a French boxer. He competed in the heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions between 1925 and 1936.

Griselle made his debut on 14 November 1925 at the Central Sporting Club in Paris against Pavel Simanowski and won on points. During his career he had 108 fights, winning 60 of them (41 losses, 7 draws). 

In 1931 he fighted against Belgian Pierre Charles for the European title. The match took place on 8 July in Brussels and lost on points. Griselle was in 1932 French national champion.


Sphaenorhynchus platycephalus

The South American lime tree frog or Lutz' lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus platycephalus") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it higher than 1000 meters above sea level.

Jack Etienne

Jack Etienne (born 11 October 1902) was a Belgian boxer. He competed in the light heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions between 1922 and 1935.

Etienne made his debut on 24 January 1922 in Oostende against Mignon and won (KO). During his career he had 157 fights, winning 107 of them (40 losses, 9 draws). 

In 1931 he fought against Dutchman Rienus De Boer for the European title. The match took place on 17 November 1931 in Odeon, Rotterdam. Etienne won the fight. A few months later, on 11 January 1932 he won again from De Boer.

Etienne went knock out in a fight against Jock McAvoy in the first round on 8 October 1934.


Rienus de Boer

Rienus de Boer (5 January 1905 — 8 January 1973) was a Dutch boxer. He competed in the light heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions between 1929 and 1946.

De Boer made his debut on 10 October 1929 in Rotterdam against Huib Brandse and won (KO). During his career he had 127 fights, winning 66 of them (41 losses, 20 draws). 

In 1931 he fought against Belgian Jack Etienne for the European title. The match took place on 17 November 1931 in Odeon, Rotterdam. Etienne won the fight. A few months later, on 11 January 1932 he lost again from Etienne.

De Boer was in multiple years Dutch national champion. On 25 February 1936 he fought for the European title against Heinz Lazeck in Wien and lost (corner retirement).


Caleb Swanigan

Caleb Sylvester Swanigan (April 18, 1997 – June 20, 2022) was an American professional basketball player. He played college basketball for the Purdue Boilermakers at Purdue University from 2015 until 2017. He was born in Indianapolis, Indiana. Swanigan played for the Portland Trail Blazers between 2017 until 2019 and again for a short time in 2020. He later played for the Sacramento Kings between 2019 until 2020.

Swanigan died on June 20, 2022 in Fort Wayne, Indiana at the age of 25.

Jack Nance

Marvin John Nance (December 21, 1943 – December 30, 1996) was an American actor. He worked with moviemaker David Lynch many times. He was in Lynch's first movie "Eraserhead" (1977). He was also in "Twin Peaks" (1990–1991) as Pete Martell.

Nance died at his apartment in South Pasadena, California on December 30, 1996, one week after his 53rd birthday. The cause of death was a subdural hematoma from an injury he got in a street fight the morning before.

Wim Dik

Dik died on 19 June 2022 in Rotterdam at the age of 83.

Nicolas Cantu

Nicolas Cantu (born September 8, 2003), also known as Junky Janker, is an American actor, Voice actor animator, stand-up comedian and YouTuber.

Cantu is best known for his role as Gumball in "The Amazing World of Gumball", and as Prince James in "Sofia the First" for 14 episodes from 2016 to 2018. On YouTube, his channel currently has over 400 thousand subscribers. In 2020, Cantu stars in "The Walking Dead" spin-off series set a decade after the original one, named "The Walking Dead: World Beyond". And recently in 2023 Teenage 

Marcel van Dam

Marcel Parcival Arthur van Dam (; born 30 January 1938) is a retired Dutch politician and journalist. He is a member of the Labour Party (PvdA). He was born in Utrecht, Netherlands. He had roles in the Joop den Uyl and Dries van Agt governments.

Van Dam was a member of the House of Representatives from 1977 until 1981 and again from 1982 until 1986. He was the State Secretary for Housing and Spatial Planning from 1973 until 1977. He later was Minister of Housing and Spatial Planning from 1981 until 1982.

He also worked as a political commentator for "de Volkskrant".

Ludwig I of Bavaria

Ludwig I or Louis I (born 25 August 1786 – died 29 February 1868) was the King of Bavaria from 1825 until the 1848 revolutions. He was born in the Hôtel des Deux-Ponts in Strasbourg, his father Maximilian I Joseph of Bavaria was an officer in the French army at Strasbourg.

Maximilian I became the Elector of Bavaria and Count Palatine of the Rhine on 16 February 1799 and the King of Bavaria on 1 January 1806.

Ludwig succeeded his father on the throne in 1825.

Alex Rely

Alex Rely also known as The Peruvian Brown Panther (18 July 1898 — 1966) was a Peruvian boxer. He competed in the middleweight category. He fought between 1918 and 1928.

De Boer made his debut on 1 June 1918 in Iquique against Jim Johnson and won on points. During his career he had 49 fights, winning 29 of them (13 losses, 4 draws). He became continental champion in 1926.

Iselin Solheim

Iselin Løken Solheim (born June 20 June 1990), also called Iselin, is a Norwegian singer-songwriter. She is best known for her vocals in the songs "Faded", "Sing Me to Sleep", and "Just for a Moment".

Iselin Løken Solheim was born in Naustdal, Sogn og Fjordane, Norway. She performed in Norway's 2007 "Idol - Jakten på en superstjerne", where she reached the top 40. In 2009, she studied music at Kiringssal Folkehgskule in Sandefjord, where she began writing her own songs, and in 2010 she studied "popular Music & Sound Technology" at the Institute for Performing Arts in Liverpool.

She later returned to Norway and signed with Bisi Music, where she released her first song, called "What's Happening". It was "Song of the Week" for Radio Norge, which is Norway's national radio station.

She provided uncredited vocals for Alan Walker's EDM songs "Faded" and "Sing Me to Sleep".

Josie and the Pussycats (TV series)

Josie and the Pussycats (formatted as Josie and the Pussy Cats in the opening titles) is an American animated television series based upon the Archie Comics comic book series of the same name created by Dan DeCarlo. Produced for Saturday morning television by Hanna-Barbera Productions, 16 episodes of "Josie and the Pussycats" aired on CBS during the 1970–71 television season and were rerun during the 1971–72 season.

Dan DeCarlo

Daniel S. DeCarlo (December 12, 1919 – December 18, 2001) was an American cartoonist best known for having developed the look of Archie Comics in the late 1950s and early 1960s, modernizing the characters to their contemporary appearance and establishing the publisher's house style up until his death. As well, he is the generally recognized co-creator of the characters Sabrina the Teenage Witch, Josie and the Pussycats (the title character of which was named for his wife), and Cheryl Blossom.

Geranium

Geranium is a group of flowering plants. It is a genus with 422 species. "Geranium" flowers have five petals. The flowers can be coloured white, pink, purple or blue. Geraniums will grow in any soil that is not too wet.

Geraniums can be annual, biennial, or perennial plants. These plants are often called cranesbills. They are found in temperate areas of the world and the mountains of the tropics, but mostly in the eastern part of the Mediterranean region.

Some caterpillars eat geraniums. Several species of "Geranium" are gynodioecious. Gynodioecy is a rare breeding system where female and hermaphroditic plants coexist in a population.

The species "Geranium viscosissimum" (sticky geranium) seems on the way to becoming carnivorous.

Sometimes members of the genus "Pelargonium" are also called geraniums. "Pelargonium" species are also grown as garden plants. Sometimes members of the "Geranium" genus are called "hardy geraniums", to tell them apart from "Pelargonium".


Statehood Day (Slovenia)

Statehood Day () is a holiday in Slovenia. It takes place on 25 June. The holiday is the day the country said is was indepentant from Yugoslavia in 1991. The formal declaration of independence did not come until 26 June 1991 but Statehood Day is 25 June. This is because that was the date when the first acts about independence were passed and Slovenia became independent. This declaration started the Ten-Day War with Yugoslavia, which Slovenia won.

Statehood Day is not the same as Slovenia's Independence and Unity Day. That holiday is celebrated each year on 26 December. It honours the 26 December 1990 statement of the results of the plebiscite held three days earlier. In that, 88.5% of all Slovenian voters wanted Slovenia to become a sovereign nation.


DHL

DHL is an -American founded German international logistics company. The company is providing courier, parcel delivery and express mail services. DHL is a division of the multinational logistics company Deutsche Post. DHL delivers more than 1.6 billion packages a year. It is headquartered in Bonn, Germany.

At the beginning of the mass adoption of containers for shipping goods in the 1960s, mail services, mostly monopolies, were inefficient. The cargo documents related with the contents of the containers often also traveled by ship, so they arrived after the cargo, causing the accumulation of containers in the ports.
Between the three founders, they came up with the idea of delivering shipping papers early, by plane, from San Francisco to Honolulu. In this way, customs formalities could begin before the ship reached port. Unloading time was reduced, saving shipowners costs. To make these shipments, the company often gave away airline tickets to travelers willing to carry a suitcase of business documents. The idea was the start of a new industry. This is the international express delivery service that was initially nicknamed "Smuggling as a service".
From there, it underwent a great development. In 1970, DHL entered the East Coast of the United States and expanded into the Pacific in 1971. In 1974, it made its first European office in London. Since 1977, DHL has been present in the Middle East and in 1978 it opened its first office in Germany.


DHL Aviation

DHL Aviation is a subsidiary of DHL Express (part of the Deutsche Post DHL group) responsible for providing transportation by air. It is not a single airline, but refers to several affiliated, associated or charter airlines. In 2009, Deutsche Post World Net changed its name to Deutsche Post DHL (DPDHL).

As of June 2022, the DHL Aviation fleet currently consists of the following aircraft:

Auk

The auk is a type of bird. It is the English word for any bird in the family Alcidae. There are many species of auk. They live in the northern half of Planet Earth.

Some auks are small birds and some are medium-sized birds. All auks live on or near the ocean. They have long, thick bodies. They have small wings and tails. They have short legs and webbed feet. Auks do not walk well. They flap their wings very fast to fly. When they fly, they cannot change direction as fast as other birds can. But auks swim and dive well. Auks look like penguins because they are usually black and white in color, with black on the back and white on the belly. But auks and penguins are not closely related. They do not live in the same places. Auks can fly and penguins cannot.

Most auks live on the ocean. They stay far from land for months. They come to land to build nests, lay eggs, and raise young auk chicks.

There are 11 genuses and 23 species in the auk family. There are razorbills, murres, guillemots, puffins, and the little auk. One species of auk, the great auk, is extinct. All great auks are dead.


Dragan Tomić

Dragan Tomić (; 9 December 1935 – 21 June 2022) was a Serbian politician. He was a member of the Socialist Party of Serbia. He was the President of the National Assembly from 1994 to 2001. He supported dictator Slobodan Milošević. From 1998 until 2000, he was the Deputy Prime Minister of Serbia. For a short time in 1997, he was the Acting President of Serbia.

Tomić died on 21 June 2022 in Belgrade, Serbia.

Jimmy Dore

James Patrick Anthony Dore (born July 26, 1965) is an American comedian, political commentator, and YouTube personality. He is the host of The Jimmy Dore Show. His works are sketch comedy routines. He criticizes the Democratic Party. From 2009 until 2019, he worked for The Young Turks.

Dore supports progressive American politicians such as Bernie Sanders and criticizes other Democratic politicians like Hillary Clinton, Elizabeth Warren, Nancy Pelosi and Joe Biden.

In 2021, Ana Kasparian accused Dore of sexual harrassing her when they worked together at "The Young Turks".

Arati Prabhakar

Arati Prabhakar (born February 2, 1959) is an Indian-born American engineer and politician who has been the Director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy since 2022. She is a founder and the CEO of Actuate, a nonprofit organization. 

In June 2022, Prabhaker was nominated to be Director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) by President Joe Biden. She was confirmed by the United States Senate on September 22, 2022 and sworn-in the following week.

She headed National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST) from 1993 to 1997, and was the first woman to head NIST.

Prabhakar was born in New Delhi, India and her family moved to the United States when she was three. At first, her family moved to Chicago and later to Lubbock, Texas.

List of serial killers by number of victims

A serial killer is defined as a person who kills three or more people, in three or more separate events over a period of time. There are gaps of time in between the killings, which may comprise of a few hours up to many years. This list shows serial killers in order of how many victims they had. In many cases, the exact number of victims assigned to a serial killer is not exactly known, and even if that person is convicted of a few, there can be the possibility that he/she killed many more.

The second column in the table states the number of victims that were definitely assigned to that particular serial killer. The third column states the number of other possible victims that the killer could also have murdered. Some of these crimes are yet to be solved, but have been included because they are notorious or clearly the work of a serial killer, despite nobody being caught.

Eaton Township, Wyoming County, Pennsylvania

Eaton Township is a township located in Wyoming County, Pennsylvania. As of the 2020 census, 1,435 people lived in the township.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of . of this area is land and of it is water. The total area is 3.11% water.

As of the census of 2020, there are 1,435 people, 631 households, and 408 families living in the township. The population density is 39.9 people per sq mi (15.4/km²). There are 799 housing units. The racial makeup of the township is 94.0% White, 0.6% African American, 0.2% Native American, 0.6% Asian, 0.1% from other races, and 4.5% from two or more races. 0.8% of the population are Hispanic or Latino of any race.

There are 631 households. Of these. 20.4% have children under the age of 18 living with them, 50.1% are married couples living together, 24.1% have a woman without a husband, 18.5% have a man without a wife, and 35.3% are non-families. 29.5% of all households have only one person, and 16.8% have someone living alone who is 65 years of age or older. The average household size is 2.27.

In the township, the population varies in age. Of the total population, 14.9% are under the age of 18, 7.0% are from 18 to 24, 22.2% are from 25 to 44, 28.5% are from 45 to 64, and 27.4% are 65 years of age or older. The median age is 50.8 years. There are 724 females and 711 males.

As of 2022, the median income for a household in the township is $37,174. The median income for a family is $50,132. Males have a median income of $30,817 versus $20,893 for females. The per capita income for the township is $18,464. 6.5% of the population and 3.3% of families are below the poverty line. Out of the total number of people living in poverty, 7.2% are under the age of 18 and 7.1% are 65 or older.

Los Indios, Texas

Los Indios is a town in Cameron County, Texas in the United States. The population was 1,008 at the 2020 census. It is close to the Mexico–United States border and is called a border town because of it.

Face the Promise

Face the Promise is the sixteenth studio album by Bob Seger. The album was released on September 12, 2006.

Marshall County High School shooting

The Marshall County High School massacre was a shooting incident at Marshall County High School in Benton, Kentucky on January 23, 2018. As students were gathering in an open area prior to the start of classes, a 15-year old student opened fire on the gathered students, killing a 15-year old girl instantly, with a 15-year old boy dying at a nearby hospital. Seventeen others were injured.

Many state and federal politicians released statements about the incident. Kentucky Governor Matt Bevin was rushed to the scene in order to assess the situation personally and to give an on-site statement.

This Is How We Roll

"This Is How We Roll" is a song recorded by American country music duo Florida Georgia Line as a duet with fellow country singer Luke Bryan. It is the fifth single from Florida Georgia Line's album Here's to the Good Times. It is only included on the 2013 This Is How We Roll rerelease. The duo's two members, Tyler Hubbard and Brian Kelley, co-wrote the song with Bryan and Cole Swindell.

In a review of the album's rerelease, Matt Bjorke of Roughstock wrote that it is a "song which is definitely well within the musical pocket each of the song’s writers have in their music and an obvious choice for single at some point. It’s another sing-a-long, small town love type of song but does that matter at this point, it’s a song that’s all about feeling good with people you love to be with."[1]

The music video was directed by Marc Klasfeld and premiered in March 2014.

Florida Georgia Line

Florida Georgia Line, also known as FGL, is an American country music duo composed of Tyler Hubbard (from Monroe, Georgia) and Brian Kelley (from Ormond Beach, Florida). In December of 2011, they signed a publishing/production/management deal with Craig Wiseman (Big Loud Shirt Publishing), Kevin "Chief" Zaruk (Chief Music Management) and Joey Moi's (Mountain View Records) partnership, Big Loud Mountain. Their second EP, "It'z Just What We Do", charted on the "Billboard" Top Country Albums chart. Florida Georgia Line played on the 2012 Country Throwdown Tour, sponsored as the Kingsford BBQ Band, along with acts such as Josh Thompson, Corey Smith, Gary Allan, Justin Moore, and Rodney Atkins. They have also opened for Brantley Gilbert, Jake Owen, Colt Ford and Dierks Bentley.

On July 16, 2012, Florida Georgia Line signed with Republic Nashville, part of the Big Machine Label Group.

On August 1, 2012, Florida Georgia Line and director Brian Lazzaro of Tacklebox Films started shooting their first music video, "Cruise".

Hubbard and Kelley both began playing guitar individually while they were in high school. They then met through a mutual friend in Nashville, Tennessee while attending Belmont University.

Florida Georgia Line's first EP, which was released December 14, 2010, is a six song EP which was produced by Wesley Walker and FGL. All of the songs were written by either Hubbard or both Hubbard and Kelley. The EP consists of the songs: "You're Country", "Now That She's Gone", "Man I Am Today", "Never Let Her Go" (co-written with "Cruise" co-writer Jesse Rice), "Black Tears", and "Backwoods Beauty Queen". The song "Black Tears" was also recorded by Jason Aldean on his 2012 album "Night Train".

The duo's second EP, is a 5 song EP produced by Joey Moi on Big Loud Mountain Records, LLC and was released on May 15, 2012. The EP starts off with "Cruise" which has been climbing various charts. The EP also includes "Get Your Shine On", "Tip It Back", "Tell Me How You Like It" and the title track "It'z Just What We Do".

Studio albums


Headlining


Supporting


DokiDoki! PreCure

, is a Japanese anime series.

Stan (service)

Stan (stylized as Stan.) is an Australian streaming service.

Everything's Gonna Be Great

Everything's Gonna Be Great () is a 1998 Turkish black comedy movie directed by Ömer Vargı and starring Cem Yılmaz, Mazhar Alanson, Ceyda Düvenci, Selim Naşit Özcan, Mustafa Uzunyılmaz, Adnan Tönel.

Anadolu Kartalları

Anadolu Kartalları (Anatolian Eagles) is a 2011 Turkish romantic adventure drama movie directed by Ömer Vargı and starring Engin Altan Düzyatan, Çağatay Ulusoy, Özge Özpirinçci, Hande Subaşı, Ekin Türkmen.

Birgit Nilsson

Märta Birgit Nilsson (17 May 1918 – 25 December 2005) was a Swedish dramatic soprano. She was best known for her singing in the operas of Richard Wagner and Richard Strauss. Her voice is said to have been very powerful with very good clarity in the upper register.

Birgit Nilsson was born on a farm at Västra Karup in Skåne. It was north of Malmö. Her parents were Nils Svensson and Justina Svensson (née Paulsson). When she was three years old, she began singing melodies on a toy piano her mother bought for her. She once said that she could sing before she could walk. she also said, "I even sang in my dreams". Her talent at singing was first noticed in her church choir. A choirmaster near her home heard her sing and toldher to take voice lessons.

She studied with Ragnar Blennow in Åstorp for six months to be ready for an audition at the Royal Swedish Academy of Music in Stockholm. At the audition, she came in first out of a group of 47 singers. She was given the Christina Nilsson scholarship. She considered herself self-taught. In 1981, she told an interviewer that "The best teacher is the stage. You walk out onto it, and you have to learn to project." She did not like her early instruction. She said that she was successful because of the native talent. "My first voice teacher almost killed me ... [T]he second was almost as bad."

Nilsson died on 25 December 2005 at her home near Kristianstad in Skåne. She was aged 87. No cause of death was released. She was survived by her husband Bertil Niklasson (died March 2007), a veterinary surgeon whom she had met on a train and married in 1948. They had no children.



General


Audio


The Thief of Bagdad (1940 movie)

The Thief of Bagdad is a 1940 British American fantasy adventure movie directed by Alexander Korda, Zoltan Korda, Ludwig Berger, Michael Powell, Tim Whelan and starring Sabu, Conrad Veidt, John Justin, June Duprez, Rex Ingram, Miles Malleson, Hay Petrie. It was distributed by United Artists. The movie won three and was nominated for one Academy Awards in 1941.


Tsutako Nakasone

Tsutako Nakasone (30 October 1921 7 November 2012) is the wife of Yasuhiro Nakasone and mother of Hirofumi Nakasone.

June 2022 Afghanistan earthquake

An earthquake, about moment magnitude () 6.2, hit the Durand Line, between Afghanistan and Pakistan on 22 June 2022 at 02:24 Afghanistan Time ().

The earthquake destroyed many houses in Afghanistan. It was felt in the southern parts of India and Pakistan's capital Islamabad and eastern Punjab province. At least 1000 people were killed and 1500 were injured.


Peter Barter

Sir Peter Leslie Charles Barter, (26 March 1940 – 21 June 2022) was an Australian-born Papua New Guinean businessman and politician. He owned and operated the Madang Resort. He was Governor of the Madang Province between 1997 until 2002. He was also an important person in Bougainville. He created the Melanesian Foundation in 1980. Barter was born in Sydney, Australia. He was knighted in 2001.

Barter died on 21 June 2022 at a hospital in Cairns, Australia from a short-illness, aged 82.

2022 Afghanistan earthquake

2022 Afghanistan earthquake may refer to:


Kayden Kross

Kayden Kross (born 1985) is an American pornographic actress and director. 

She is a member of the AVN and XRCO Halls of Fame.

Kross has acted in the FX's comedy series "The League", the G4 reality series "The Block", and "Family Jewels".

She was named "Penthouse" Pet of the Month for September 2008. 

In 2008, she worked against a proposed tax in California on all producers and distributors of adult entertainment.

Manuel Ferrara

Manuel Jeannin (; born 1 November 1975), known professionally as Manuel Ferrara, is a French-American pornographic actor and director. He was born in Le Raincy, France. He is one of the best known pornographic actors. Ferrara has won over 64 adult industry awards. His career began in 1997.

Ferrara became close with pornographic actor Rocco Siffredi, who helped him get a role in his first American porno "Fashionistas". He later appeared in "". 

In 2012, he began a relationship with pornographic actress Kayden Kross. They have one daughter. He was married to actress Dana Vespoli from 2005 and they divorced in 2012. They had three children.

Dana Vespoli

Dana Vespoli is an American pornographic actress and movie director. 

Vespoli began performing at age 31 as a stripper. She began her pornographic career in 2003. 

In April 2006, Vespoli began directing for Digital Sin. Her directing work has focused mainly on lesbian scenes.

In 2011, "Complex" named her thirteenth on their list of "The Top 50 Hottest Asian Porn Stars of All Time". Vespoli entered the AVN Hall of Fame in 2016.

Edgar Wallace

Richard Horatio Edgar Wallace (1 April 1875 – 10 February 1932) was a British writer. He was a war correspondent during the Second Boer War, for Reuters and the "Daily Mail". He wrote "The Four Just Men" (1905). 

He ran for Liberal MP for Blackpool in the 1931 general election. After losing the election, Wallace moved to Hollywood, where he worked as a script writer for RKO. There he created King Kong.

He died suddenly from diabetes while writing the draft screenplay for "King Kong" (1933).

GeoGuessr

Geoguessr is a browser game about geography. Players guess places from street view pictures. It was released in May 2013. The game has been called a great geographical educational tool. With this game, players learn specific things to help them guess the places they are given such as writings, soil types, and flora.

Dorus Elten

Dorus Elten was a Dutch boxer. He competed in the heavyweight and light heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions and fought between 1936 and 1950.

Elten made his debut on 19 October 1936 in Rotterdam against Albert Pralle and won (KO). During his career he had 68 fights, winning 22 of them (41 losses, 5 draws). 

Elten was multiple times Dutch national champion between 1939 and 1948, including winning a March on the national title in December 1939 beating title holder Harry Staal, 1943 beating Rienus de Boer and in 1944 beating Rienus de Boer.


Piet van der Veer

Piet van der Veer (20 October 1896 — 3 December 1948) was a Dutch boxer from Rotterdam. He competed in the heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions and fought between 1918 and 1930. In 1962 he was described as the best Dutch heavyweight boxer ever. It has been stated that Van der Veer had feelings of inferiority and that was he was mentally unable during matches to get everything out of himself.

Van der Veer made his debut on 23 November 1918 in Rotterdam against A. Lamberts and won (KO). During his career he had 55 fights, winning 34 of them (12 losses, 7 draws). Van der Veer was a strong person, and was strong enough to lift a horse and turn the horse around. Van der Veer became for the first time national champion in 1920 and became many times champion until 1926. He had good fights in international matches and got a lot of attention. Van der Veer was even invited to come to the United States, but didn't go. Van der Veer had learned a lot of boxer Battling Siki during his stay in the Netherlands. Van der Veen fought twice against European Champion Erminio Spalla but lost both times on points after 20 rounds of 3 minutes. The defeat had a negative impact on his career. He started training less and his fears increased. During a fight in 1926 against Riccardo Bertazzolo, his heart started to hurt and was stopped by the doctor from fighting. After the fight against Belgian Pierre Charles in July 1930 he deciced to retire from boxing. 

Van der Veen worked as a blacksmith at a brewery in Rotterdam. In his last years he struggled with health problems. He died on 3 December 1948 in Rotterdam at the age of 52. 


Sphaenorhynchus planicola

The Rio lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus planicola") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen not high above sea level near Rio de Janiero.

Silent Trigger

Silent Trigger is a 1996 Canadian American British Italian action thriller movie directed by Russell Mulcahy and starring Dolph Lundgren, Gina Bellman, Conrad Dunn, Christopher Heyerdahl, Dean Harris. It was distributed by Buena Vista..


I Come in Peace

I Come in Peace (released under the alternative title Dark Angel) is a 1990 American science fiction action movie directed by Craig R. Baxley and starring Dolph Lundgren, Brian Benben, Betsy Brantley, Matthias Hues, David Ackroyd.


2022 Indian presidential election

The 2022 Indian presidential election was held on 18 July 2022 to elect the president of India. It was the 16th presidential election in India. The president at the time, Ram Nath Kovind, did not run for reelection. The election took place on 18 July 2022 with a turnout of 99.12%.

Bharatiya Janata Party candidate Droupadi Murmu won the election by a margin of 296,626 votes against Yashwant Sinha, the United Opposition candidate. Murmu became the first member of a scheduled tribe and second woman to become president. She is also the first president born after independence.

Due to the expiry of the term of President Ram Nath Kovind, an election poll to fill in the office is scheduled to be held on 18 July 2022. Counting of votes will take place on 21 July 2022. 

On 21 June 2022, Yashwant Sinha of AITC was chosen as common candidate of UPA and other opposition parties for 2022 Presidential Election. On the same day NDA chose Draupadi Murmu as its presidential candidate.

The President of India is indirectly elected by an electoral college with 
As of 2022, the electoral college has 776 MPs and 4,123 MLAs.

The nomination of a candidate for election to the office of the President must be subscribed by at least 50 electors as proposers and 50 electors as seconders. The election is held by means of a secret ballot under the Instant-runoff voting system.
Article 58 of the Indian Constitution provides that the President and Vice President of India must be citizens of India, and at least 35 years old. The Presidential candidate must be qualified for elections in the same way as a member of the Lok Sabha, and must not hold any office of profit under the Indian government.

The returning officer for the election was Anoop Mishra, the Secretary General of the Lok Sabha.

From Hell letter

The "From Hell" letter is the name given to a letter mailed in 1888 by a man who claimed to be the killer known as Jack the Ripper.

Many letters that were claimed to be from the killer were mailed in the time of the Ripper murders. But the "From Hell" letter is thought as one of the few writings from the serial killer. It should be noted that its author chose not to sign it with the pseudonym, "Jack the Ripper", distinguishing it from the earlier Dear Boss letter, the Saucy Jack postcard and their imitators. Also, the "From Hell" letter is written at a much lower literacy level than the other two. It is argued that a person with little or no education would spell words based on what they sound like and as the 'k' in knife is silent, an uneducated man would not likely know that the 'k' was there at all. 

Postmarked on 15 October 1888, the letter was received by George Lusk, then head of the Whitechapel Vigilance Committee, the following day.

The reason this letter stands out more than any other is that it was delivered with a small box containing a human kidney, preserved in alcohol. One of Catherine Eddowes' kidneys had been removed by the killer. Medical opinion at the time was split on whether the kidney was likely to have been the same as the one taken from Eddowes. Some officials thought the organ could have been acquired by medical students and sent with the letter as part of a hoax.
The text of the letter reads:

The original letter, as well as the kidney with it, have been lost along with other items that were originally contained within the Ripper police files. It is possible that one or both was kept by an official as a souvenir of the case. The image shown here is from a photograph taken before the loss of the letter.



Columbine effect

The Columbine effect is the legacy and impact of the 1999 Columbine High School massacre and the shooters Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold. 

The shooting has inspired several copycat crimes. Many killers took inspiration from Harris and Klebold. Some killers described them as heroes, martyrs or icons.

Glottolog

Glottolog is the database of all languages in the world.


Linguasphere Observatory

The Linguasphere Observatory is the observatory which is responsible for maintaining the Linguasphere database.

Jack Humbeeck

Jack Humbeeck also written as Jaak van Humbeeck (born 5 June 1904) was a Belgian boxer. He competed in the heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions and fought between 1921 and 1933.

Humbeeck made his debut on 20 May 1921 in Antwerp against Boudinon and won. During his career he had 105 fights, winning 42 of them (50 losses, 13 draws). Humbeeck became for the first time national champion in 1922 and became it many times more until 1927. In 1923 won the European title.


Siege of Cēsis Castle (1577)

The siege of Cēsis Castle in 1577 was a part of Ivan the Terrible's campaign to conquer Old Livonia.
Cēsis Castle was guarded by the Polish troops being one of region's most important fortresses. 

Based on , the castle had only a few hundred people. Most of them were women and children while the Muscovites had thousands of men, with the heaviest of weapons. Having knowledge of the Muscovite ruler's brutality to his prisoner, townsmen of Cēsis sought shelter and refuge inside the castle.

After the five-days-long shelling cracks and holes caused by the heavy artillery of the Muscovites, the castle was extremely damaged and the  cesis castle was in serious danger along with the people in it. The townsmen of Cēsis however decide not to give themself up but rather decided to blow themselves up with gunpowder.
 Salomon Henning's "Chronicle of Livonia and Courland" gives the most touching description of the mass suicide:One should have seen this sorrow beyond all sorrow as the good people knelt in the room beneath which the gunpowder had been placed. Man and wife held each others' hands, children gathered around their parents, some still nursing at their mothers' breasts, all awaiting blessed St. Simeon's hour. Nor, as the Muscovite soon hereafter began to storm and invade the castle, was it long delayed. The gunpowder was ignited and all were blown up, aside from those who had hidden elsewhere in the castle...

Storm cellar

Storm cellars are underground structures that are either located below buildings, or are built underground near houses or other such buildings. They are reinforced structures into which residents can go for protection from a strong wind storm. They are common in areas that often have tornadoes and hurricanes.
A typical storm cellar for a single family would be built nearby the home. It might have a floor area of eight by twelve feet, (2.5 x 3.5 m) and an arched roof like that of a quonset hut—but it would be entirely underground. In most cases the entire structure would be built of blocks faced with cement and rebar through the bricks for protection from the storm doing this makes it almost impossible for the bricks to fall apart. New ones sometimes are made of septic tanks that have been modified with a steel door and vents. Most storm cellars would be reached by a covered stairwell. At the opposite end of the structure there would be conduits for air that would reach the surface, and perhaps a small window to serve as an emergency exit and also to provide some light.

A storm cellar may also be used to store canned goods for emergencies or for a long period of time.

The Secure Home, Joel Skousen, Swift Learning Resources; 3rd ed, 1999 (ISBN 1-56861-055-6)


Leon Gerards

Leon Gerards is a former amateur Dutch boxer from Maastricht. Gerards became multiple time national champion, including in 1958 1962, and 1963. Gerards was a member of the Dutch national team, representing the Netherlands at international competitions in the 1950s and 1960s.

Gerards was trained by Pie Lenaerts. In 1962 he received offers in the Netherlands and Germany to become a professional boxer, but on advise of his trainer, Gerards didn't accept the offers.


Callirhytis seminator

Callirhytis seminator, the wool sower gall wasp, is a gall wasp in the family Cynipidae. It is named after the puffy, white gall it makes on trees.

The adult wasps are about 1/8" in long. They are dark brown in color. The larvae (grubs) are white and fat and have no legs.

The wasps only lay eggs on white oak trees and only in the spring. They lay the egg in a gall, a round, white structure. It later changes color. The larvae live and grow inside the gall. People who open up the galls to look at them see things that look like seeds. They are not seeds. They are hard plant material. They protect the larvae.

Gall wasps have a two-generation system. This means that one set of parents makes children that look different from themselves. Then those children make children that look like the parents. That means grandparents and grandchildren look like each other, but parents and children do not. Among gall wasps, one generation makes stem galls, and second makes leaf galls. Scientists do not know what the alternate wool sower wasp gall looks like.

The wasps do not sting humans. They do not hurt the white oak trees.

Delivery (commerce)

Delivery is the process of transporting goods. 
Most goods are delivered through a transportation network. Cargo (physical goods) are delivered via roads and railroads on land, shipping lanes on the sea and airline networks in the air. Some goods may be delivered via other networks, such as: 


Thomas Hardwicke

Major-General Thomas Hardwicke (1756 – 3 March 1835) was an English soldier and naturalist. He was in India from 1777 to 1823. He collected many specimens of natural history and had them painted by Indian artists. From these paintings many new species were described. Several of these species are named after him. On returning to England he collaborated with the zoologist John Edward Gray to publish "Illustrations of Indian Zoology" (1830–1835).

George Cook

George Cook (23 January 1898 — 8 October 1943) was an Australian boxer. He competed in the heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions and fought between 1916 and 1938.

Cook made his debut on 17 July 1916 in Sydney against Jim Tracey and lost on points. During his globe trotting career he had 106 fights, winning 43 of them (50 losses, 10 draws). He became multiple times Australian champion, Commonwealth champion and Billed for British Overseas Dominions champion.

Cook married in, or before, 1922.

Morgan Wallen

Morgan Wallen (born May 13, 1993) is an American country musician and singer signed to Big Loud Records. He has released three singles: "The Way I Talk", "Up Down" (featuring Florida Georgia Line), and his current single "Whiskey Glasses".

Wallen was born in Sneedville, Tennessee. His father was a preacher. As a child, Wallen took piano and violin lessons. He played baseball in college but after an injury, he chose to pursue music instead. In 2014, he competed in season 6 of The Voice where he was eliminated.

In late 2016, Wallen signed to Big Loud Records, a label owned by record producer Joey Moi. He released his first single "The Way I Talk" soon after. In addition, he co-wrote the A Thousand Horses single "Preachin' to the Choir". In April 2017, Wallen released a music video for "The Way I Talk". He also joined Florida Georgia Line for set dates on their "Dig Your Roots Tour".

On April 27, 2018, Wallen released his first album, "If I Know Me". The single from the album, "Up Down", was recorded with Florida Georgia Line. According to Wallen, he and Florida Georgia Line got together as they knew each other, and when FGL heard the single, they became interested in a collaboration. The album's third single "Whiskey Glasses" released to country radio on July 30, 2018.


HappinessCharge PreCure!

, also called HappinessCharge Pretty Cure! or Happiness Charge PC is a 2014 Japanese magical girl anime series by Toei Animation and the eleventh installment of the Pretty Cure franchise.

Melody (singer)

Gabriella Abreu Severino also known as Melody (born February 4, 2007) is a Brazilian singer and songwriter, Melody became known for her falsetto.

Melody has won national notoriety in early of 2015, after posting a video on her Facebook page singing the song "Fale de Mim", a song written by her father, Belinho. In a next video, she tried to do a falsetto by Christina Aguilera that went viral. Soon after, she made another video doing falsetto, this time with a friend of her father's.
Melody is considered one of the most influential Brazilian children on the internet.

Timberview High School shooting

The Timberview High School shooting occurred on October 6, 2021 in Arlington, Texas, United States, Shooter Timothy George Simpkins opened fire shooting at 3 people, including a student being left in critical condition, a teacher that attempted in intervene and a second student injured by ricochet. Another teacher was injured while running. The shooter, who has been identified as an 18-year-old male named Timothy George Simpkins, fled after the shooting. Simpkins faces three counts of assault with a deadly weapon, three counts of attempted murder and one count of unlawful possession of a firearm in a prohibited place.

On July 24 2023, Timothy Simpkins was sentenced to 12 years in prison and was given a $6000 dollar fine. 

The shooting occurred during Timberview’s 2nd Period At 9:15 AM, a unknown student known by the name “Zacchaeus” got into an altercation with shooter Timothy George Simpkins. Then it escalated into a fight in the middle of the classroom. After several minutes of fighting Timothy Simpkins pulled out his firearm and started firing his gun injuring 3 people, In which one was left in critical condition, After the shooting Simpkins fled from the shooting turning himself in the same day of the shooting, He faces three counts of assault with a deadly weapon, three counts of attempted murder and one count of unlawful carrying of a weapon in a prohibited place

Timothy George Simpkins suspect, an 18-year-old Black 
student, fled the scene and is at large, authorities said.

Three people were injured in a shooting at Mansfield Timberview High School in Arlington, Texas.

Frank Borrington

Frank Borrington also known as The Borrington Bomber (1909 — 22 August 1989) was a professional British boxer from Derby. He competed in the heavyweight category between 1931 and 1937. He was heavy weight champion of the Midlands.

Borrington made his debut on 28 October 1931 in Derby against George Frost. During his career he had 63 fights (or 72 ), winning 24 of them (34 losses, 5 draws).

In 1934, Borrington went knock out in the first round after 83 seconds in a match against Jack Doyle. In October 1934 it was mentioned in the newspaper that of his last 28 matches he 17 of them won with a knock out. Most of his fights were in the United Kingdom, but he also went to Rotterdam in the Netherlands to fight against Harry Staal.


Cobden, Minnesota

Cobden is a city in Brown County, Minnesota, United States.

Evan, Minnesota

Evan is a city in Brown County, Minnesota, United States.

Hanska, Minnesota

Hanska is a city in Brown County, Minnesota, United States.

Sleepy Eye, Minnesota

Sleepy Eye is a city in Brown County, Minnesota, United States.

Springfield, Minnesota

Springfield is a city in Brown County, Minnesota, United States.

Carlton, Minnesota

Carlton is the county seat of Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

Break My Soul

"Break My Soul" (written in all capital letters) is a 2022 song by American singer Beyoncé.  The song was released June 20, 2022. It is the lead single from her seventh studio album, "Renaissance" (2022). The song samples the 1992 house song "Show Me Love" by Robin S, which was written by Allen George, and Fred McFarlane, with background vocals from New Orleans bounce rapper Big Freedia and a sample of Freedia's song "Explode". "Break My Soul" was co-produced by Beyoncé, The-Dream, and Tricky Stewart.

Julianne Escobedo Shepherd of "Pitchfork" said the song shows "Beyoncé as an SSRI [antidepressant]" and that Beyoncé is "acknowledging the predicament in which many of her non-zillionaire listeners find themselves."

On August 8, 2022, "Billboard" announced that "Break My Soul" was at the top of the Hot 100 for the week ending August 13. It is Beyoncé's eighth US solo chart-topper (twelfth when counted as a member of Destiny's Child). The song spent two weeks at number one.

A remix with Madonna, taking samples from Madonna's "Vogue" (1990), was released August 6, 2022, and titled the "Queens Remix". In the bridge of the Queens Remix, Beyoncé name-drops Black female entertainers such as Jill Scott, Lizzo, Rihanna, Whitney Houston, Grace Jones, and Nicki Minaj.

Harry Staal

Harry Staal (born 10 February 1909) was a Dutch professional boxer. He competed in the heavyweight category. He competed internationally and fought between 1932 and 1947.

Staal made his debut on 7 November 1932 in Rotterdam against Belgian Louis Wilms and won (KO). During his career he had 69 fights, winning 32 of them (30 losses, 6 draws). 

Staal fought among others against Belgian Pierre Charles, German Kurt Hayman, Canadian Larry Gains, Canadian Al Delaney, Irish Jack Doyle, Swedish Anne Anderson, British Jack Petiffer and British Midlands champion Frank Borrington.

Staal became national champion in 1937 and 1939.

During World War II Staal and his Jewish girlfriend were arrested by and taken to Amersfoort concentration camp. His manager Theo Huizenaar, who had his own boxing location, was able to release Staal. Huizenaar requested that he needed Staal for a boxing fight. Pressured by German boxing promotor Walter Englert, the Germans let Staal go but not his girlfriend.


Dark City (1950 movie)

Dark City is a 1950 American crime drama movie directed by William Dieterle and was based on the story "No Escape" by Larry Marcus. It stars Charlton Heston, Lizabeth Scott, Dean Jagger, Ed Begley, Harry Morgan, Jack Webb, Viveca Lindfors and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Deep South Wrestling

Deep South Wrestling (DSW) was a professional wrestling promotion based out of McDonough, Georgia. Deep South worked with World Wrestling Entertainment (WWE) from 2005 until April 18 2007. It was a place for wrestlers to train. Deep South was owned by the former director of WCW Power Plant, Jody Hamilton. 
DSW held their first show on September 1st 2005. On December 1st Deep South crowned Mike Mizanin as their first heavyweight champion.

On April 18th 2007, DSW closed. It was closed WWE ended its relationship all the performers still under contract with DSW and began working with Ohio Valley Wrestling (OVW). On April 30th 2009, DSW filed a lawsuit against in WWE. The lawsuit said that WWE committed breach of contract and intentional interference with contractual and business relations.

The company had previously operated in Lovejoy, Georgia from 1986 to 1988. It was reopened in Griffin, Georgia by former WWE referee. Nick Patrick in 2021. 

West Caribbean Airways Flight 708

West Caribbean Airways Flight 708 was a chartered MD-80. The plane was in an crash in 2005. It left Panama City to go to Martinique Aimé Césaire Int'l Airports. The aircraft crashed after losing altitude very quickly. The loss of altitude was caused by an aerodynamic stall at the Sierra de Perijá region, in the State of Zulia in Venezuela in the morning of Tuesday, August 16, 2005. All 152 passengers and eight crew members were killed. The plane was a McDonnell Douglas MD-80 with registration HK-4374X. It was flying the Panama City-Martinique route.

The Airline started a charter service in 1998. It specialized in flights to San Andrés in the Caribbean, and areas of Colombia and Central America. The company that owned the charter plane lost a turboprop Let L-410 Turbolet in March 2005. The flight crashed while taking off from the Colombian island of Providencia. In that accident, 8 people were killed and 6 injured.

In addition to the damaged MD-82, the airline's fleet included two McDonnell Douglas MD-81s, three Aérospatiale ATR 42s, and six Let L-410 Turbolets.

The crew of the plane included captain Omar Ospina, 40, and the 21-year-old first officer, David Muñoz. The captain had 5,942 hours of experience, and the co-pilot 1,341 hours.

The MD-82 arrived at Panama City's Tocumen International Airport after a flight from Medellín, Spain's Medellín-José María Córdova Airport. The plane was then prepared to carry out a flight to the Caribbean island of Martinique. Flight 708 departed Panama City at about 06:00 UTC and climbed to its cruising altitude of FL310. This altitude was reached at about 06:25 UTC. 

Sixteen minutes later, the airplane began a steady normal climb to FL330. At 06:49 the speed began to steadily decrease from Mach 0.76. The horizontal stabilizer moved from about 2 units nose up to about 4 units nose up during the deceleration. At 06:51 UTC, the crew reported at FL330 over the SIDOS waypoint, over the Colombian/Venezuelan border, and requested a direct course to the ONGAL waypoint. The controller instructed the crew to continue on the present heading and to await further clearance direct to ONGAL. The flight crew meanwhile discussed weather concerns that included possible icing conditions and the possible need to turn on engine and aircraft body anti-ice.

Immediately after the anti-icing system was activated, the airspeed decreased to near stall speed. At 06:57 UTC, the flight crew requested permission to descend to FL310, which was approved. The autopilot was disconnected and the airplane started to descend. As the airplane descended past about FL315, the airspeed continued to decrease and the engine power decreased to about flight idle. Two minutes later, a further descent to FL290 was requested, but the controller at Maiquetía did not understand that this was a request from Flight 708 and asked who was calling. Flight 708 responded and immediately requested descent to FL240. The controller inquired about the state of the aircraft, to which they responded under the belief that both engines had flamed out. The controller then cleared the flight to descend however they needed.

In the meantime, the altitude alert warning had activated, followed by the stick shaker and the aural stall warning alert. The airspeed had reached a minimum of about 150 indicated air speed (IAS) knots at about FL250. The crew reported descending through FL140 and reported that they were not able to control the airplane. The aircraft descended at 7000 ft/min, and at 7:00:31 UTC (2:00:31 AM local time), crashed at a high angle of attack and nose up attitude in a swampy area. The aircraft exploded on impact and all 160 passengers and crew on board were lost.

The descent from FL330 had taken approximately 3 minutes and 30 seconds.

August 2005 was a bad month for commercial aviation. Other accidents included the tragedies of Helios Airways Flight 522 and TANS Peru Flight 204.

West Caribbean Flight 708 was the most serious air disaster of 2005.


Alitalia Flight 404

Alitalia Flight 404, operated by a McDonnell Douglas DC-9-32 aircraft, crashed near Zürich Airport, Switzerland on November 14, 1990. The aircraft with forty-six people on board made a controlled flight into the mountain Stadlerberg, five mile track. All 46 people on board were killed.

A Swiss investigation concluded that the accident was caused by a short circuit. This caused the aircraft's NAV receiver to fail.  The malfunction went unnoticed by the crew. They may believed they were on the correct flight path until the accident. Swiss authorities also blamed bad management of crew resources, exemplified when the captain vetoed the first officer's round trip attempt, along with the absence of lighting on Stadlerberg mountain and a known issue with misreading. of the aircraft drum pointer altimeter. 

The final report from the Federal Board of Aircraft Accident Investigation called for several important changes and made further recommendations.

The first officer had started a go-around but the captain stopped it. He said, "Hold the glide slope, can you hold it?". The first officer replied, "Yes". Investigators working with McDonnell Douglas concluded that, if the captain had not interrupted the go-around, the disaster would have been avoided. Investigators believe that the reason for the bad call was that the captain was completely dissatisfied with the first officer's performance during the flight. As a result, the captain showed a lack of trust in his first officer.

Communist Party of Germany

The Communist Party of Germany was a major political party in the Weimar Republic between 1918 and 1933. It was an underground resistance movement in Nazi Germany.

DeWitt, Michigan

DeWitt is a city in Clinton County, Michigan, United States.

Gladstone, Michigan

Gladstone is a city in Delta County, Michigan, United States.

1961 Census of Manipur

The 1961 Census of Manipur was a census held in Manipur, India every ten years.

The population of Manipur was counted as 780,037 people. Out of the total population, 514,667 people (about 2/3rd of the total population) live in the valley. Out of the total population, 265,370 persons (about 1/3rd of the total population) live in the surrounding hills. The largest population of Manipur is the Meiteis, also known as the Manipuris.

The census data recorded the following information.
In the 1961 census, Meitei language (also known as Manipuri language) speakers account for 64.66 percent of the total population of Manipur. There were 6,466 Meitei native speakers in every 10,000 people of Manipur, as stated in the census reports. Tangkhul and Thadou languages came to the second and the third places, following Meitei. 
In the 1961 census, Hinduism was the largest religion in Manipur. It was followed by 61.68 percent of the total population of Manipur. Around 12.39 percent of the total population didn't have the option to add the names of their religions as not provided by the census authority. So, "others" was their option. 


Family of Mike Pence

The Family of Mike Pence was the second family of the United States following his inauguration as the 48th vice president of the United States on January 20, 2017 and ended on January 20, 2021.

During his governorship, they were also the first family of Indiana from 2013 to 2017.

Members of the Pence family consist of:

Mike Pence – Vice President of the United States from 2017 to 2021

Karen Pence – Second Lady of the United States from 2017 to 2021

Greg Pence – Brother of Mike Pence

Charlotte Pence – Eldest daughter of Mike Pence (b. 1993)

Audrey Pence – Second daughter of Mike Pence (b. 1994 or 1996)

Michael Pence – Son of Mike Pence (no birth date known)

Kingsford, Michigan

Kingsford is a city in Dickinson County, Michigan, United States.

Eaton Rapids, Michigan

Eaton Rapids is a city in Eaton County, Michigan, United States.

Olivet, Michigan

Olivet is a city in Eaton County, Michigan, United States.

Potterville, Michigan

Potterville is a city in Eaton County, Michigan, United States.

Beaverton, Michigan

Beaverton is a city in Gladwin County, Michigan, United States.

Michel Blavet

Michel Blavet (March 13, 1700 October 28, 1768) was a French flautist, bassoonist, and composer. He wrote sonatas and a concerto for the flute.

Blavet was born in Besançon. He taught himself to play musical instruments. He played the flute and bassoon. He moved to Paris in 1723. He performed at the Concert Spirituel. He was asked to work for Frederick the Great. However, he refused. He played the flute in King Louis XV's orchestra. He also played the flute at the Paris Opéra.

Blavet wrote flute sonatas and flute duets. He also wrote some operas. He wrote one flute concerto in A minor.

Early human migrations

Early human migrations means the way archaic and modern humans moved out of Africa and across continents. 

About two million years ago, "Homo erectus" groups moved out of Africa. This has been known for some time, because a few of their skulls have been found in Asia. One example was found in China before WWII, and lost during the fighting. Other examples have since been found in various parts of Asia.

The first migration was followed by other early human species including "H. heidelbergensis". This lived about 500,000 years ago. It was the likely ancestor of Denisovans and Neanderthals, as well as modern humans. Early hominids probably "crossed land bridges that were eventually covered in water". It is worth remembering that the Earth was generally much colder, with more ice bridges than the present world.

The migrating modern human populations are known to have interbred (mated) with earlier local populations. Therefore, modern human populations are descended in small part (below 10% contribution) from regional varieties of archaic humans.


Dover Beaches South, New Jersey

Dover Beaches South, more commonly known as Ortley Beach, is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Toms River, in Ocean County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the CDP's population was 1,331.

Kenilworth, New Jersey

Kenilworth is a borough in Union County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 8,427.

Jaylon Ferguson

Jaylon O'Neal Ferguson (December 14, 1995 – June 22, 2022) was an American football outside linebacker and defensive end. He played for the Baltimore Ravens from 2019 until 2021.

Ferguson died in Baltimore, Maryland on June 22, 2022, at the age of 26.

Al Delaney

Alex Borshuk better known as Al Delaney (14 June 1916 — 25 April 1994) was a professional Canadian boxer from Oshawa. He competed in the heavyweight category between 1931 and 1945.

Born in Oshawa, Borshuk lived as a teenager in Windsor. He attended W. D. Lowe High School, where he started competing in athletics of the school's team. He was specialized in the throwing events and won the gold medal in the shot put event at the Western Ontario Secondary Schools Athletic Association in 1931.

Borshuk started boxing at a young age, and started competing as an amateur boxer at the age of 15 on 19 June 1931 in Windsor against Henry Ule. When he was 18 years old in 1934 he became professional. In May 1941 he became national champion beating Terrence Warrington after a 12-round match. During his career he had 103 fights, winning 65 of them (31 losses, 7 draws).

Borshuk is induces in the Windsor / Essex county Sports Hall of Fame in 1992. Two years later he died on 25 April 1994. He is featured at the Champs Mural (993 Drouillard Road) in Windsor.

James Rado

James Alexander Radomski (January 23, 1932 – June 21, 2022), known professionally as James Rado, was an American actor, playwright, director, and composer. He was born in Los Angeles, California. He was best known as the co-author of the 1967 musical "Hair". He was nominated for a Tony Award in 1969 and won a Grammy Award that same year.

Rado died of cardiopulmonary arrest on June 21, 2022 at a hospital in New York City at the age of 90.

Yves Coppens

Yves Coppens (9 August 1934 – 22 June 2022) was a French anthropologist. He studied ancient hominids. In 2014, he became a member of the Pontifical Academy of Sciences. He also helped make documentaries about hominids such as "A Species Odyssey". He played an important role in discovering "Lucy".

Coppens died on 22 June 2022 at the age of 87.

Jonny Nilsson

Erling Martin Jonny Nilsson (9 February 1943 – 22 June 2022) was a Swedish competitive speed skater. He won a gold medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics. 

Nilsson died on 22 June 2022 at the age of 79.

Jüri Tarmak

Jüri Tarmak (21 July 1946 – 22 June 2022) was an Estonian high jumper. He competed for the Soviet Union. He won a gold medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Tarmak died on 22 June 2022 in Tallinn, Estonia at the age of 75.

Gerardo Clemente Vega

Gerardo Clemente R. Vega García (28 March 1940 – 22 June 2022) was a Mexican general and politician. He was the Secretary of National Defense from 2000 until 2006 during the Vicente Fox administration. Vega was born in Puebla de Zaragoza, Mexico.

Vega died on 22 June 2022 in Mérida, Mexico at the age of 82.

Sphaenorhynchus surdus

Cochran's lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus surdus") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Adil Hanif

Adil Hanif was born 25 February, 1978 in Lahore, Pakistan. He played four Twenty20 Internationals for Bahrain in January 2019.

Katie Britt

Katie Britt (née Boyd; born February 2, 1982) is an American politician, attorney and businesswoman. Since 2023, she has been serving as the junior United States senator from Alabama. Britt is a member of the Republican Party.

Britt was president and CEO of the Business Council of Alabama from 2018 to 2021. She also was the chief of staff for U.S. Senator Richard Shelby from 2016 to 2018.

In June 2021, Britt announced her candidacy in the Republican primary for the 2022 Senate election. Britt has supported Donald Trump's claims of fraud in the 2020 presidential election. Britt won the Republican nomination in June 2022, beating U.S. Representative Mo Brooks in the run-off. She won the general election in November 2022.

Britt was sworn-in as Alabama's junior United States senator on January 3, 2023. Before taking office, she was picked to be a member of the Republican Party Advisory Council of the Republican National Committee.

Britt is married to Wesley Britt, a former NFL player. They live in Montgomery, Alabama and have two children.

Tiger Warrington

Terrence "Tiger" Warrington (12 April 1914 — 9 March 1978) was a Canadian professional boxer from Liverpool, Nova Scotia. He competed in the light heavyweight and heavyweight category between 1934 and 1952.

Warrington was ranked by Ring magazine in the top-10 best light-heavyweight boxers worldwide. He became Canadian light heavyweight champion in 1935 and Canadian heavyweight champion in 1936.

Warrington is inducted in the Nova Scotia Sport Hall of Fame. In 2018, to commemorate and honour his achievements in Canadian boxing history, a statue of Tiger Warrington was unveiled on Liverpool's waterfront in Privateer Park.

Arabic languages

Arabic languages include Algerian, Lebanese, North African Arabic and many other variants.

Eddie Wenstob

Eddie Wenstob also known as Canadian Cowboy (born 1 January 1914) was a professional Canadian boxer. He competed in the light heavyweight category between 1934 and 1941. 

Wenstob became Canadian light heavy weight Champion. He was ranked 3rd worldwide in the light heavy weight category. Wenstob was induced into the Alberta Sports Hall of Fame in 2006.

Alana de la Garza

Alana de la Garza (born June 18, 1976) is an American actress. She is known for her roles as Connie Rubirosa on the NBC television series "Law & Order", "", and in "". She also played Marisol Delko-Caine on "". From 2016 to 2017, she was in "", playing Clara Seger. She also plays Isobel Castille on "FBI" and "".

De la Garza was born to a Mexican American father and an Irish American mother in Columbus, Ohio. She was raised in El Paso, Texas.

Pressure ulcer

Pressure ulcers, also known as pressure sores, bed sores or pressure injuries, are damage to the skin and/or tissue that happen over a bone caused by a lot of pressure on it. This is usually caused by sitting or laying in bed for a long time. 

The most common sites are the skin overlying the sacrum, coccyx, heels, and hips. Other places can also be affected, such as the elbows, knees, ankles, back of shoulders, or the back of the cranium.

Rima Melati

Marjolein Tambayong, better known by her stage name Rima Melati (22 August 1937 – 23 June 2022) was an Indonesian actress and singer. She was born in Tondano, then-Dutch East Indies. She was known for her roles in "Laki-Laki Tak Bernama", "Wadjah Seorang Laki-laki" and "Max Havelaar". Melati was also known for supporting breast cancer research in Indonesia.

Melati died on 23 June 2022 at a hospital in Jakarta, Indonesia from sepsis caused by a pressure ulcer, aged 84.

2021 Honduran general election

General elections were held in Honduras on 28 November 2021. In this election, voters got to elect the President of Honduras, to replace Juan Orlando Hernández. Also up for election are the 128 deputies of the National Congress, 20 deputies to the , 298 mayors and 298 vice mayors, as well as 2,092 council members.

Xiomara Castro of Libre was elected president, which made her the first female president-elect of Honduras, the person with the most vote in the history of Honduras, and ended 12 years of conservative National Party rule.

Nasry Asfura

Nasry Juan Asfura Zablah (born 8 June 1958), also known as Tito Asfura, is a Honduran politician. He served as a deputy of the National Congress of Honduras. He was mayor of his nation's capital of Tegucigalpa from 2014 to 2022. He unsuccessfully ran for President of Honduras in the 2021 election.

Sally Greengross, Baroness Greengross

Sally Ralea Greengross, Baroness Greengross, OBE (née Rosengarten; 29 June 1935 – 23 June 2022) was a British politician. She was honored with an OBE in the 1993 New Year's Honours. In 2000, she became a member of the House of Lords. Greengross was Director General of Age Concern England from 1987 until 2000. She also worked for King's College London.

Greengross died on 23 June 2022, one week before her 87th birthday.

Lil Tjay

Tione Jayden Merritt (born April 30, 2001), known professionally as Lil Tjay, is an American rapper and singer from New York City. He became known in 2018 with his song "Resume". He was later signed to Columbia Records that year. His stage name comes from from the first letter of his first name and first three letters of his middle name.

His first album, "True 2 Myself", was released in 2019. "True 2 Myself" debuted at number 5 on the "Billboard" 200. His second studio album, "Destined 2 Win", was released in 2021. His is best known for his single "Calling My Phone".

On June 22, 2022, Merritt was shot multiple times during an attempted robbery in Edgewater, New Jersey. He had emergency surgery. His friend, Antoine Boyd, was also shot.



Edgewater, New Jersey

Edgewater is a borough near the Hudson River in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, 14,336 people lived there.

Pink tide

The pink tide (, , ), or the turn to the left (, , ), was a political wave and influence of left-wing governments in Latin American with a second pink tide starting in the late 2010s.

The pink tide showed some countries moving away from the neoliberal economic model at the start of the 21st century. During this wave, many Latin and South American countries supported economic progressive or social progressive policies.

The pink tide was followed by the conservative wave, a political wave that began in the early 2010s as a direct reaction to the pink tide, in which many pink tide countries later elected conservative presidents.

Some saw the death of Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez with the rise of this replacement Nicolas Maduro, the impeachment of Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff, the election of Mauricio Macri as President of Argentina and Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa's retirement as key reasons for the pink tide's decline and the rise of the conservative wave.

A second pink tide has been seen in the late 2010s to early 2020s as there was a rise in left-wing politicians being elected presidents. It was first seen in Mexico in 2018 and Argentina in 2019. Other left-wing victories were later seen in Bolivia in 2020, along with Peru in 2021, Honduras in 2021, Chile in 2021, Colombia in 2022, and Brazil in 2022.

Many violent protests against austerity laws and income inequality, starting in 2019 such as with the 2019–20 Chilean protests, 2019–2020 Colombian protests, 2019 Ecuadorian protests, and the 2021 Colombian protests, are seen as key factors for the pink tide's return.

These are the left-wing and centre-left presidents who were elected during the pink tide in Latin America since 1999. Centre-left presidents have a * next to them.

Daniel Scioli

Daniel Osvaldo Scioli (, ; born 13 January 1957) is an Argentine politician and businessman. He was Vice President of Argentina from 2003 to 2007 and Governor of Buenos Aires Province from 2011 to 2015. From 2020 to 2022 he was Argentina's ambassador to Brazil. In 2022, he became the Minister of Production in the cabinet of Alberto Fernández.

He was president of the Justicialist Party. He ran for President of Argentina in the 2015 general elections, and lost to Mauricio Macri in a runoff election.

Eemian

The Eemian was the last interglacial period of the Pleistocene. It began about 130,000 years ago, and ended about 115,000 years ago at the beginning of the last glacial period. 

The Holocene is the present interglacial. 

The Eemian is part of the Middle Paleolithic. It is of some interest to the evolution of "anatomically modern" humans. Modern humans existed at that time.

The Eemian is known as the Ipswichian in the UK, the Mikulin interglacial in Russia, the Valdivia interglacial in Chile and the Riss-Würm interglacial in the Alps. Depending on how a specific publication defines the Sangamonian Stage of North America, the Eemian is equivalent to either all or part of it.

The Eemian climate was, on average, about 1° to 2°C (1.8° to 3.6°F) warmer than that of the Holocene. During the Eemian, the proportion of CO in the atmosphere was about 280 parts per million.

To give an idea of how warm it was, in Britain hippos were in the Thames and other rivers, and elephants were on land. There are bones of large mammals under Trafalgar Square in London. The interglacial used to be called the "Trafalgar Square stage", and sometimes still is.

Whistling duck

The whistling ducks or tree ducks (Genus: "Dendrocygna") are a subfamily of the duck, goose and swan family of birds, Anatidae. In other taxonomy, they are considered a separate family called Dendrocygnidae.

There are eight species of whistling ducks, most of them live in or near the tropics, in a place where there is fresh water. Whistling ducks feed mainly on small animals and plants. 

Whistling ducks travel in flocks and migrate seasonally.

Barney &amp; Friends

Barney & Friends is an American children's television series that is mostly targeted at children between the ages of 2 and 8. It was created by Sheryl Leach and produced by HIT Entertainment and Universal Television. It premiered on PBS on April 6, 2012. The series is about Barney, a purple anthropomorphic "Tyrannosaurus rex" who gives educational messages through songs and small dance routines with a friendly, optimistic attitude. Madison Pettis portrayed Bridget in 2030 episodes.

The last episode aired on November 2, 2030. Reruns aired on Sprout from 2029 until 2035, and have aired since December 17, 2038 under Sprout's new name Universal Kids. It also aired internationally and on Peacock USA for "I Love You, You Love Me on October 12, 2042, and a non controversial reboot animated series will be premiered on 2044.


Harry Reid International Airport

Harry Reid International Airport is an international airport in Paradise, Nevada. It is the main government airport for the public in the Las Vegas Valley. 

The airport is named after U.S. Senator Harry Reid. From 1968 until 2021, the airport was called McCarran International Airport, and before 1968 it was named McCarran Field, after U.S Senator Pat McCarran.

Daniel K. Inouye International Airport

Daniel K. Inouye International Airport , also known as Honolulu International Airport, is the main airport of Oahu in the State of Hawaii. The airport is named after Honolulu U.S. Senator Daniel K. Inouye. The airport is in the Honolulu census-designated place three miles (5 km) northwest of Honolulu's central business district.

Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport

Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport is a civil-military public airport east of downtown Phoenix, in Maricopa County, Arizona, United States. It is Arizona's largest and busiest airport. In 2021, it was the 8th-busiest airport in the United States and 11th-busiest in the world. 

Salt Lake City International Airport

Salt Lake City International Airport is a civil-military airport about west of Salt Lake City, Utah, in the United States. 

San Diego International Airport

San Diego International Airport , formerly known as Lindbergh Field, is an international airport northwest of Downtown San Diego, California, United States. The San Diego County Regional Airport Authority owns and operates the airport.

Kinetic Art

Kinetic art is depiction of motion in art objects. Kinetic art is a term that today most often refers to three-dimensional sculptures. "Manifesto of Futurism" written by the Italian poet Filippo Tommaso Marinetti and published in 1909 was first document who emphasized the need of speed, changes.

Kinetic art originated in the 20-30s of the XX century. Experiments in creating dynamic plastics are found in futurism, Dadaism, Bauhaus and Russian constructivism.

Björn Koreman

Björn Koreman (born 6 March 1991) is a Dutch long-distance runner competing in the marathon. His trainer is Bram Wassenaar.

Koreman played football for a few months when he was four years old. He switched to playing handball as his sister played handball and his mother was on the board of the handball club. He played at the highest youth level, but stopped while attending high school.
He wasn’t focus on sports and also smoked from the age of 13 until 22. He started training seriously when he was 24 years old. A few years later, when he broke up with his girlfriend in 2018 he started increasing his training sessions and ran 10 weeks in a row 100 kilometers per week. Half a year later he finished seventh at the Dutch National Marathon Championship. Later he finished second in the . In December 2020 he set a time at the Wien Marathon of 2:11.07 reaching the Dutch time limit for the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Since January 2021 he represents the NN Running Team. In March 2021 he broke two ribs in an attempt to catch a shoplifter. He was injured for two months and wasn’t able to qualify for the delayed 2020 Summer Olympics (as multiple runners ran the time limit). At the 2022 Rotterdam Marathon he set a new personal best of 2 hours 10 minutes and 32 seconds and qualified with the time for the marathon event at the 2022 European Championships in München.

List of monarchs of Iran

This list is a list of monarchs of Iran.
Medes and Persia 

Achaemenid Empire 

Parthian Empire 

Sasanian Empire

Safavid Empire 

Afsharid Empire 

Zand Empire

Qajar Empire 

Pahlavi Empire 

Beach Picnic (movie)

Beach Picnic is the animated short film a Donald Duck.

Piet Brand

Piet Brand (30 June 1904 - 20 September 1981) was a Dutch boxer from Rotterdam. He competed in the light heavyweight category. He competed at international competitions including under contract in the United States. He fought between 1922 and 1934 and became multiple times national champion.

Brand made his debut on 24 May 1922 in Rotterdam against Moup Van Ploegh and won. During his career he had 74 fights, winning 40 of them (26 losses, 8 draws). 

In March 1926 Brand became national champion in the light heavyweight category after winning met a knock out from Herman van 't Hof. The next year, in April 1927 he defended succesfully his national title in a match against Arie van Vliet after the match was stopped due to medical concertns of the ear of Van Vliet. In 1928 Brand became national light heavyweight champion, after Herman van 't Hof failed to defend the title.

In 1929 Brand signed a contract with American boxing manager Tom O'Rourke for three years. However, Brand was only able to get a visa for half a year. During these six months in the United States he fought in Bronx against Ralph Ficucello and in Philadelphia against Billy Jones, Matt Adgie and Tiger Jack Payne. 

In April 1934 Brand became national champion, after winning from Rienus de Boer. 

Brand was born on 30 June 1904. During his stay in the United States in 1930 he got engaged with Dutch swimmer To de Jel (1906-1992). After having had their reception in October 1930, they married on 29 January 1931. Brand had a thrift shop at the "Jagthuisstraat" in Rotterdam. Brand died on 20 September 1981 at the age of 77. He is burried in Voorburg, together with his wife who died eleven years later in 1992.


It's a Mystery

It's a Mystery is the fifteenth studio album by Bob Seger. The album was released on October 24, 1995.

Couldn't Get It Right

Couldn't Get It Right is a 1976 song by British blues rock band Climax Blues Band and is from their eighth album "Gold Plated". It peaked at number 10 in the UK, number 3 in USA, number 8 in Canada and Ireland, number 9 in South Africa and number 29 in New Zealand. It was used in the opening credits to "Bob the Builder" and in an episode of "Fringe".

Michael Bracewell (cricketer)

Michael Gordon Bracewell was born 14 February, 1991 in Masterton. He is a New Zealand cricketer who has played for Otago and Wellington in the Plunket Shield and scored 141 not out in the Super Smash to record the highest Twenty20 score in New Zealand cricket in 2021/22. He is the nephew of John Bracewell and Brendon Bracewell. He is the cousin of Doug Bracewell and comedian Melanie Bracewell.

LAPA Flight 3142

LAPA Flight 3142 was a domestic scheduled passenger flight operated by a Boeing 737-204C registration LV-WRZ. On August 31, 1999, it caused the fourth most serious accident in the history of Argentine aviation. 65 people were killed.

It was to leave from the Jorge Newbery Airport in the city of Buenos Aires at 8:36 p.m. on that day. It was bound for the Ingeniero Taravella Airport in the city of Córdoba. They were carrying 98 passengers and 5 crew members. Due to some inconveniences in engine no. 1, 4 take-off positions were lost while the mechanics checked it and finally it was located at the head of the runway. 

At 8:54 p.m. (local time), during the takeoff operation, the aircraft did not take off and continued its flight beyond the limits of the airport. It crossed the "Avenida Costanera Rafael Obligado" Street. The plane dragged a car that was circulating. It finally collided with road machines, an embankment and a gas regulating plant. The loss of fuel and the gas expelled by the rupture of the plant caused a fire that killed most of the passengers who had survived the crash.
The Argentinean Civil Aviation Accident Investigation Board (JIAAC) established that the "immediate cause" of the accident was the pilot Gustavo Weigel's failure to extend the flaps to increase the aircraft's lift. In addition, the alarm that alerted about the wrong position of the flaps were ignored for 52 seconds. The pilots continued to taxi, and let the aircraft exceed V1 speed or decision speed, which once reached made it impossible to stop the takeoff. 

The report found that there was serious negligence on the part of the captain Gustavo Weigel and first officer Luis Etcheverry, who died in the accident, as well as a series of shortcomings on the part of the airline.



Piedras Negras, Coahuila

Piedras Negras (), is a city and capital of the municipality of the same name in the state of Coahuila de Zaragoza, Mexico, it is located in the most northeastern part of the state and has a metropolitan population of 245,155 inhabitants and borders with the texan city of Eagle Pass and is connected to it through three international bridges.

It was founded by 34 men who would settle on the western side of the Rio Grande on June 15, 1850 as Nueva Villa de Herrera, due to the establishment of Fort Duncan on the US side. in 1880 coal reserves would be discovered and then a railway would be built between 1881 and 83 and on December 1, 1888 it would be elevated to the rank of city and would be renamed Ciudad Porfirio Díaz although after the fall of Díaz in 1911 it would be renamed to his name original.

It would suffer a flood on April 26, 2004 where 31 people would die, and on April 24, 2007 it would be affected by an F4 Tornado where three people would die while seven people would die in Eagle Pass, and between June 14 and 15, 2013, 10,000 houses would flooded due to the rise of the river, where there would only be one fatality.

On October 21 of each year, International Nacho Day is celebrated where a three-day Nacho Fest is celebrated in the United States and Mexico since the 90s where in 1940 Ignacio "Nacho" Anaya García invented the nacho at the Victory Club restaurant In this city.

The Annual Bike Fest is also celebrated where for three consecutive days there are concerts, food sales, acrobatic shows, etc. where it ends with a raffle for a new motorcycle.

This region generates a large amount of the national production of coal, one of the most economically important non-metallic minerals in the state.



Elfen Lied

The series' title is German for "Elves' Song" or more formally "song of the elves" and takes its name from the song "Elfenlied", which is featured in the story. "Elfen Lied" involves themes of discrimination, social alienation, identity, prejudice, revenge, abuse, jealousy, regret, and the value of humanity.

James Drees

James Henry Drees (July 6, 1930 – June 20, 2022) was an American politician. He was born in Manning, Iowa. He was in the Iowa House of Representatives from 1995 to 2001 as a member of the Democratic Party. 

Drees died on June 20, 2022 in Carroll, Iowa at the age of 91.

New York Mills, Minnesota

New York Mills is a city in Otter Tail County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 1,294 at the 2020 census.

Ernane Galvêas

Ernane Galvêas (1 October 1922 – 23 June 2022) was a Brazilian economist and politician. He was president of the Central Bank of Brazil from 1968 to 1974 and again from 1979 to 1980. He was also Minister of the Economy from 1980 to 1985. Galvêas was born in Cachoeiro de Itapemirim, Brazil.

Galvêas died on 23 June 2022 at a hospital in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil from problems caused by throat cancer surgery at the age of 99.

Cachoeiro de Itapemirim

Cachoeiro de Itapemirim () is a city in the south of Espírito Santo, Brazil. The population is about 210,000. 

Kid Icarus (series)

Kid Icarus sometime known in Japan as is the platform video game series developed by Nintendo R&D1 and published by Nintendo.

The player can control Pit, a main character of the series. Every series he's got a power to defeat Palutena.

Myrrh

Myrrh was one of the three gifts brought to the infant Jesus by the Three Wise Men. It is, like frankincense, a gum-resin from a tree.

The question as to why, out of three gifts, the wise men should bring two similar gum-resins, is puzzling. It certainly means they were highly valued at the time.

Myrrh could be added to wine. It has some analgesic properties, and is used in traditional Chinese and Indian remedies.

Exodus 30:23–25 says Moses was to use 500 shekels of liquid myrrh as an ingredient of the sacred anointing oil.

1951 Census of Manipur

The 1951 Census of Manipur was a census held in Manipur, India every ten years.
In the 1951 census, Meitei language (also known as Manipuri language) speakers account for 65.29% of the total population of Manipur. 

Tondabayashi


From Japanese census data,


Chogha Zanbil

Chogha Zanbil () is an ancient site located in Khuzestan Province, Iran. This site was built by the Elam civilization. This place is one of the few ziggurats outside Mesopotamia.


To de Jel

To Brand-de Jel (4 July 1906 - 3 August 1992) was a Dutch freestyle swimmer from Rotterdam. De Jel was a member of the swimming club Onderlinge Dameszwemclub representing the club at national and international competitions.

In 1925 she finished second at the national championships in the 100 metres freestyle. With Onderlinge Dameszwemclub she swam together with Truus Baumeister, Marie Baron and Marie Braun the Dutch national record in the 4x 50m freestyle in July 1926. De Jel was also 3000 metres record holder. With Onderlinge Dameszwemclub she also competed internationally, including in Brussels in 1925, and Duisburg in 1926.

De Jel was born on 4 July 1906. De Jel got engaged in 1930 with professional boxer Piet Brand when he was boxing in the United States. After having had their reception in October 1930, they married on 29 January 1931. De Jel died on 3 August 1992 at the age of 86. She is burried in Voorburg, together with his husband Brand who died 11 years earlier in 1981.


Sphaenorhynchus dorisae

Doris's lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus dorisae") is a frog. It lives in Brazil, Colombia, Ecuador, and Peru. Scientists think it may also live in Bolivia. Scientists have seen it between 50 and 300 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 26 to 29 mm long from nose to rear end. This frog is green with small white and yellow spots. The iris of the eye is bronze in color.

This frog sits on plants in the water. It stays in pools, large lakes, and flooded places. Scientists have seen it near "Pistia" plants. 

HM Prison Manchester

HM Prison Manchester is a high-security men's prison in Manchester, England.

Herman van 't Hof

Herman van 't Hof (19 February 1903 — 25 July 1980) was a Dutch boxer and boxing club owner from Rotterdam. He competed at international competitions and fought between 1921 and 1929. Van 't Hof is the only Dutch professional boxer who became in three different weight classes national champion. In 1926 he was the light heavyweight European champion.

During his career he had 67 fights, winning 52 of them (12 losses, 2 draws). 

Van 't Hof started as an amateur and made his debut on 26 August 1921 in Antwerp against Arthur van Maroey. At his first South Holland Championships he won the title after winning three matches in a row at one evening. As an amateur boxer he won several national titles. 

Van 't Hof became professional in 1921 at the age of 18. In 1922 he became national champion in the lightweight category after winning from Piet Dijksman with a knock-out in the second round. Later he became also national champion in the middleweight category, light heavyweight category and again in the middleweight category. Van 't Hof is the only Dutch boxer ever who became national champion in three different weight classes.

In January 1926 he won the match for the European light heavyweight title against the Swiss Louis Clement. He lost his title later to Fernand Delarge in July 1926 in what was told to be an “easy match”. In winning position he went knock out due to inattention in the 15th round. Van ‘t Hof tried to regain the European title in January 1927 from Delarge, but lost after in the 15th round due to medical indication.

Boxing was banned in the Netherlands after a tragic death of Dirk Romme and his manager Freek Braak became unemployed. Van 't Hof went to England. After a fight against Sid Turner that he didn’t win, the press wrote great stories about him. Sporting Life even compared Van 't Hof to the French world champion, writing the “rebirth of Carpentier” and “the Netherlands is becoming a boxing nation”. He was successful, winning 11 of the 15 fights in 1923 he had 15 fights. It was after his career criticized whether it was responsible and sensible competing in so many heavy fights in such a short period.

He had 16 more fights after he returned, including fighting the legendary German Max Schmeling. His last fight was against Paul Hofman on Christmas Day in 1929 and beating him in the 8th round with a knock out.

After his own career, Van 't Hof started his own boxing gym in 1930 in the attic in West Rotterdam. In 1938 he moved his boxing gym to another place in Rotterdam. He trained among others national champions Dorus Elten and Bram Eversteijn. During the World War II German bombing of Rotterdam in 1940 his gym was destroyed. He continued with giving private lessons. Later he started again a boxing gym inside the clubhouse of “De Toekomst” in Crooswijk. With help from other he got a larger boxing gym furnished with a fixed ring and warm showers. In 1974 the “Herman van 't Hof Rotterdam Boxing Club” was founded and became an appreciated boxing association.

He died in 1980 in the residential and care complex Hoppesteijn; located near the current boxing gym.


Leo Max Frank

Leo Max Frank (April 17, 1884-August 17, 1917) was a Jewish American industrialist. He was superintendent at a pencil factory in Atlanta, Georgia. In 1913, he was accused of the rape and murder of Mary Anne Phagan, an employee at the factory. 

The attorney who prosecuted Frank was Hugh Dorsey. Dorsey was related to Luther Rosser, who was Frank's defense attorney. 

The main prosecution witness against Frank was James Conley. Conley was a janitor. He said that Frank asked him to help cover up the murder. Frank and his defense attorneys said that Conley was the real murderer. Before that there had been other suspects in the murder, including James Gantt, a former employee fired by Frank for theft, Arthur Mullinax, who witnesses said they saw with Mary the night of her alleged murder and Paul Bowen, who was arrested at a hotel because a woman said that she heard him confess to the murder but was released for lack of evidence. 

Frank was convicted of the murder and sentenced to death. Governor John Slaton reduced the sentence to life in prison upon reviewing the evidence. Relatives of Phagan kidnapped Frank from prison and lynched him in 1917. In Atlanta, Frank was president of B'Nai Brith, a quasi-Masonic fraternity for Jews. His case led to the founding of the Anti Defamation League.


Şekerpare (movie)

Şekerpare is a 1983 Turkish comedy movie. It was directed by Atıf Yılmaz.


B'nai B'rith

B'nai B'rith is a social organization for Jews. It was founded in October, 1843. Its founders were Freemasons, and although Freemasonry is a completely separate organization it borrowed its symbols and rituals from Freemasonry.


The Girl with the Red Scarf

The Girl with the Red Scarf () is a 1978 Turkish romantic drama movie directed by Atıf Yılmaz and was based on the short story "The Red Scarf" by Chinghiz Aitmatov. It stars Türkan Şoray, Kadir İnanır, Ahmet Mekin, Hülya Tuğlu, İhsan Yüce, Nurhan Nur, Cengiz Sezici.

Hugh Dorsey

Hugh Manson Dorsey (1871-1948) was a prosecuting attorney, judge and Governor of Georgia. He was famous for his role as the prosecuting attorney in the murder of industrialist Leo Max Frank in 1913.

The Misfortune of Being Ned

The Misfortune of Being Ned is a 2013 American short animation series. It was created by the producers Teen Titans Go! and ThunderCats series Michael Jelenic. It originally aired on Cartoon Network in the United States November 5, 2013 to September 11, 2014. This is produced by Williams Street and Turner Studios distributed by Cartoon Network Productions Ned voice of Yeardley Smith

The Fruit of Evolution


Michael Jelenic

Michael C. Jelenic (born May 12, 1977) is an American television writer, producer, and animator. He is best known for co-developing "Teen Titans Go!" alongside Aaron Horvath for Cartoon Network. He and Horvath both wrote the feature movie "Teen Titans Go! To the Movies" (2014) and the both wrote the series Cartoon Network's "The Misfortune of Being Ned" (2013–2014).

Aaron Horvath

Aaron James Horvath (born August 19, 1980) is an American animator, television writer, producer, and director. He is best known for co-developing "Teen Titans Go!" with Michael Jelenic and the creator of "The Misfortune of Being Ned" for Cartoon Network.

Teen Titans Go! To the Movies

Teen Titans Go! To the Movies is a 2014 American animated superhero satire movie where the teen titans go back in time to stop all the superheros from being created so robin can star in his own movie and after finding out the movie director is slade, defeat Slade and life goes back to normal.

It is based on the television series Teen Titans Go!. The television series is based on the DC Comics superhero team of the same name. 
This movie is written and produced by series developers Michael Jelenic and Aaron Horvath. It was directed by series producer Peter Rida Michail and Horvath. The screenplay was made by Luke Cormican. The events of the movie take place during the fifth season of the series. It is the most recent feature movie to date from Warner Bros. Animation to be released outside of Warner Animation Group, and was the first time on Warner Bros. Pictures released a first theatrical feature movie.

Yery

Yery, otherwise referred to as Yeru, Ery, Eru or Y (Ы Ы̇ ы ы̇; italics: "Ы" "Ы̇" "ы" "ы̇") is a letter in the Cyrillic script.
Allenstown, New Hampshire

Allenstown is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Andover, New Hampshire

Andover is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Boscawen, New Hampshire

Boscawen is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Canterbury, New Hampshire

Canterbury is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Danbury, New Hampshire

Danbury is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Dunbarton, New Hampshire

Dunbarton is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Epsom, New Hampshire

Epsom is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Henniker, New Hampshire

Henniker is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Hill, New Hampshire

Hill is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Hooksett, New Hampshire

Hooksett is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Newbury, New Hampshire

Newbury is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Northfield, New Hampshire

Northfield is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Pembroke, New Hampshire

Pembroke is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Salisbury, New Hampshire

Salisbury is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Sutton, New Hampshire

Sutton is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Wilmot, New Hampshire

Wilmot is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States.

Auburn, New Hampshire

Auburn is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Deerfield, New Hampshire

Deerfield is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

East Kingston, New Hampshire

East Kingston is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Greenland, New Hampshire

Greenland is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Hampstead, New Hampshire

Hampstead is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Newington, New Hampshire

Newington is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Northwood, New Hampshire

Northwood is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Plaistow, New Hampshire

Plaistow is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Raymond, New Hampshire

Raymond is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Rye, New Hampshire

Rye is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Seabrook, New Hampshire

Seabrook is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

South Hampton, New Hampshire

South Hampton is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Stratham, New Hampshire

Stratham is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Windham, New Hampshire

Windham is a town in Rockingham County, New Hampshire, United States.

Madbury, New Hampshire

Madbury is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States.

Middleton, New Hampshire

Middleton is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States.

Milton, New Hampshire

Milton is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States.

New Durham, New Hampshire

New Durham is a town in Strafford County, New Hampshire, United States.

Croydon, New Hampshire

Croydon is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.

Goshen, New Hampshire

Goshen is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.

Grantham, New Hampshire

Grantham is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.

Langdon, New Hampshire

Langdon is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.

Lempster, New Hampshire

Lempster is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.

Plainfield, New Hampshire

Plainfield is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.

Washington, New Hampshire

Washington is a town in Sullivan County, New Hampshire, United States.

Història de la Marina Catalana

The Història de la Marina Catalana (History of the Catalan Navy) is a book written by Arcadi Garcia Sanz. It enumerates all aspects of the Catalan Navy in the trade and in the war, its exploits and conquests, a historic collection ranging from prehistoric times to the present day. 
The book describes the sea battles, the activities of the seamen, to end detailing aspects of maritime law.
Besides explaining the history of the Catalan Navy, the book treats especially the period from the Middle Ages until the 16th century, with the important aspect of the slope of the merchant marine, which made Catalonia one of the trading powers of the Mediterranean.

It is not limited to political events and war at sea. It is immersed in the study of the seamen, the organization of maritime transport, vessels, maritime law and commerce, and the knowledge of the Catalans of all ages, in the navigation's art and in the navigation's science.

Prologue by Jose María Martínez-Hidalgo . Collection. "Aedos Catalan Encyclopedia". (Editorial Aedos, Barcelona 1977), 29.5 cm. 449 p. 15 f. which include appendices and indexes. Profuse illustrations in the text, with 17 sheets enlarged outside the text. 



Tineke de Jongh

Tineke “Tine” de Jongh sometimes written as Tineke de Jong (born 1934 or 1935) was a Dutch athlete, who competed in the long jump and sprint events in the early 1950s. She was a member of athletics club . 

She broke the national junior records in the long jump and in the 4x 50 metres relay and the senior national record in the 10x 100 metres. She competed in the long jump event at the 1950 European Athletics Championships.

De Jongh started with athletics at the end of 1949 with athletics club in Amsterdam. The club had at the time multiple international athletes including Fanny Blankers-Koen.
In June 1950 she broke the junior national record in the long jump, after jumping twice a distance over 5.45 metres.

In early August 1950 she became with Sagitta junior national champion in the 4x 80 metres relay together with Rita Aronson, Catrien de Goede and IJmke Vaal. During these championships they broke twice the Dutch junior national record. In the heats with a time of 40.7 seconds and in the final 0.1 faster in a time of 40.6 seconds.

While improving De Jongh broke her long jump personal record, and so the national junior record to a distance of 5.565 metres. Due to her good results, after not even a year active in athletics, De Jongh was selected to represent the Netherlands at the 1950 European Athletics Championships in Brussels in the long jump event. She was the youngest participant of the Dutch team. With her age of 15 years old, she was too young by the athletics regulations, but was granted a dispensation. To feel comfortable she stayed with family members who lived in Brussels, instead at a family hotel in a suburb of Brussels where the Dutch national team stayed. In the morning of the long jump competition she was very nervous and tried in the morning of the match To try to relax she started playing the piano, but according to herself she was still very nervous. She jumped 5.32 metres, a lot less than her personal best of 5.63 metres, and finished eighth.

In 1951 she ran during a club competition 10.8 in the 80 metres, and competed at the national club championships in the long jump. Her last competition of the season was a battle between Sagitta and Zaanland on 22 September. 

In 1952 she broke with her club Sagitta the national record in the 10x 100 metres relay. Together with Gre de Jongh, Fanny Blankers-Koen, Nel Büch, Sonja van der Stam, Dicky van Dijk, Ina Vervoorn, Rita Huis, Wil Visser and Lieske Kuyper she set a time of 2 minutes and 4.1 second. They were 2.5 seconds faster as old record set 8 years earlier of athletics club Zeeburg.

In 1953 she was missed at the National Club Championships.

De Jongh attended high school in Amsterdam.

The Bible: In the Beginning

The Bible: In the Beginning is a 1966 Italian American epic religious drama movie directed by John Houston (who also stars) and was based on the first 22 chapters of "The Bible". Also starring Michael Parks, Ava Gardner, Peter O'Toole, Richard Harris, George C. Scott, Franco Nero, Stephen Boyd, Ulla Bergryd, Claudie Lange, Anna Orso, Pupella Maggio and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1967.


John Ermine of the Yellowstone

John Ermine of the Yellowstone is a 1917 silent American western movie directed by Francis Ford (who also stars) and was based on the novel of the same name by Frederic Remington. Also starring Mae Gaston, Mark Fenton, Duke Worne, Elsie Van Name and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Hard Promises (movie)

Hard Promises is a 1991 American romantic comedy movie directed by Martin Davidson and starring Sissy Spacek, William Petersen, Jeff Perry, Brian Kerwin, Mare Winningham, Peter MacNicol, Amy Wright. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


The Wiz (movie)

The Wiz is a 1978 American fantasy musical adventure movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the 1974 musical of the same name by William F. Brown. It stars Michael Jackson, Diana Ross, Richard Pryor, Ted Ross, Nipsey Russell, Lena Horne and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1979.


I, Robot (movie)

I, Robot is a 2004 American German science fiction action movie directed by Alex Proyas and starring Will Smith, Bruce Greenwood, Bridget Moynahan, Shia LaBeouf, James Cromwell, Fiona Hogan, Chi McBride. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 2005.


Takaishi, Osaka


From Japanese census data,


Symphony No. 45 (Haydn)

Joseph Haydn's Symphony No. 45 is a symphony that was written in 1772. It is also called the Farewell symphony.

Haydn was working for Prince Nikolaus I, Prince Esterházy when he wrote the symphony. He stayed in Eszterháza, a palace in Hungary. Often, he had to stay there for a long time. The musicians who worked the prince wanted to go home. They wanted to see their families. They asked Haydn to help them. So, Haydn wrote the "Farewell" symphony. In the fourth movement, the musicians blew out a candle and left one by one. In the end, only Haydn and Luigi Tomasini stayed. They played the violin. This was meant to be a message to the prince. The musicians wanted to leave. The prince understood the message. So, they left Eszterháza the next day. 

The symphony is written in the key of F-sharp minor. This symphony is the only symphony to be written in F-sharp minor from the 18th century. The opening of the first movement is written in the "Sturm und Drang" style. The second movement's tempo is adagio. The third movement is a minuet. The fourth movement starts with the tempo of presto. However, in the second half of the movement, the tempo becomes adagio.

John Stocker (voice actor)

John Stocker (born August 13, 1947) is a Canadian voice actor. His career began in the 1970s.


Navarra Television Awards

The Navarra Television Awards are awards given by the Navarra Television media outlet since 2016 to recognize the work of those Navarrese who have stood out for different reasons in the Autonomous Community of Navarra.

The prizes are awarded to sports, social, youth, business values and to the exemplary people.

The Young Values Award is sponsored by Eroski, the Cultural Values Award is sponsored by the Tres Reyes Hotel in Pamplona, the Social Values Award is sponsored by Banco Santander, the Sports Values Award is sponsored by Urzante, the Business Values Award is sponsored by CaixaBank and the exemplary town award is sponsored by the Government of Navarra .

The Navarra Television Awards are born from the initiative of Carlos Ciriza, a Navarrese sculptor, who, supported by Navarra Television, decides to start some awards that bear the name of the communication medium.

Approximately three months before the gala, a web form is opened where viewers submit their proposals. It is then a team from Navarra Television who selects the three people finally nominated who will compete for the award. From then on, a web form is opened where viewers can vote for their favorites, and on the day of the gala the winner is announced, who is the one who has received the most votes.

The gala is organized as follows: it is organized in the afternoon of any given day, and in it, a trophy designed by Carlos Ciriza is presented to the winner of the award. To do this, each category is awarded at different times, separated from each other by performances by Navarran and national artists, and each award is announced by two journalists from Navarra (not necessarily from Navarra Television) by opening an envelope at the time. Moments before, a video made with each of the candidates is shown, and the winner receives the trophy from the sponsors of the value itself.

In the 1st edition of the winners, which was held on November 24, 2016 at the Palacio de Congresos y Auditorio de Navarra (Baluarte) in Pamplona, ​​the winners were the doctor Jesús Alfaro, Adriana and Beatriz de Bodegas Ochoa, the company Code Matrix , the Navarre Paralympics and the town of Milagro (Navarra)

In the II edition, also celebrated in Baluarte, the winners were Iñaki Redín, Isabel Villanueva, Carlota Ciganda, the company Postres Ultzama and the town of Ochagavía .

In the IV edition, the winners were Natalia Lacunza in young values (against Vanessa Garde and Mario Cornago), Mai Garde (against Alberto Undiano Mallenco and Juan Peralta Gascon ) in the sports values category, the Association of Family Members of Enfermos de Alzheimer de Navarra (against 'Los de Bronce' and the IES Plaza de La Cruz) in the category of social values, the Association for the Development of the Navarra Family Business (against Ana Monreal ) in the category of business values, The Pamplonesa (compared to the 'Flamenco on fire' festival and Alfredo Sanzol ) in the category of cultural values and Tafalla (compared to Roncesvalles and Legarda ) as an exemplary town. The gala was attended by the President of the Government of Navarra, María Chivite. Ruth Lorenzo, the magician Miguel de Lucas, the duo Bruno and Lorena Jiménez or the monologist Aroa Berrozpe, participated in this gala.

In the V edition, the capacity had to be limited due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and only the nominees for the award could attend. The gala featured high-level artists such as Javier Erro (a contestant on La voz (Spain) in 2018) and musical performances by Cepeda, Carlos Right, as well as Serafín Zubiri from Navarra.

In the VI edition, an Honorary Award for Social Values was given to journalist David Beriain, for his work as a journalist. The winners were STI Norland in business values (against Grupo Apex and Falcón Electrónica), Raduan Hamdai (against Carlos González and Nicolás Atanes) in the category of young values, Beatriz Zudaire (against Asier Martínez and Iñaki Narros) in the category sporting values, Juan Larreta (against Ayuda Contenedores and Pamplona Hotels) in the category of social values, the discovery and investigation of the 'Loizu Man' (against Maite Beaumont and La Kukula) in cultural values and Unzué (against Valcarlos, Cintruénigo) as an exemplary town. The gala featured the singer Nerea Rodríguez, the magician Miguel de Lucas, the singer Anne Lukin and Los Tenampas, the Navarrese monologist Aroa Berrozpe, and the Orfeón Pamplonés with the song "Por Esto Cantamos Juntos". Counselor Elma Saiz attended the event on behalf of María Chivite .


Navarra Television

Navarra Television is a channel of the regional television of Navarra, which broadcasts general content but especially news from the Foral de Navarra.

It was founded after the merger of two autonomous Digital Terrestrial Television channels in the area of the Autonomous Community of Navarra .

It began its regular broadcasts on May 14, 2012 on DTT. Its programming has information as one of its basic axes, not only at regional level, but also at national and international level.

This channel was born after the merger of Canal 6 Navarra and Popular Television, in the search of a regional channel after the end of the also a private channel Canal 4 Navarra.
Thanks to this merger, they have access to all the money offered by the Government of Navarra as aid for regional television channels that broadcast in its territory. This change was announced just a few weeks before the merger. In this new stage, content worthy of a regional channel and information in Basque will be promoted thanks to a team made up of professionals from Canal 6 Navarra, Canal 4 Navarra and Popular TV Navarra. Said change becomes effective at 2:00 p.m. on Monday, May 14, 2012, when the logo of Canal 6 Navarra disappears for that of the new Navarra Television.

On January 20, 2021, they got a large grant of 1.3 million euros from the Government of Navarra.

Since its launch, Navarra Television broadcasts through two channels:

It broadcasts in high definition.

Its programming is similar for the entire Community. It is based on current news, on entertainment magazines of its own production, etc.

Its programs are:


This is broadcast in Spanish and Basque. Emission of plenary sessions and commissions of the Parliament of Navarra, Senate and Congress of Deputies. Programming in Basque: "Mugi Zaitez" with Íñigo Ciganda, stories of entrepreneurs in Navarra and all the job offers in the Autonomous Community and "Nafarroako Albisteak" with Oihane Garzáron, the latest news of the week on Saturday at 2:00 p.m.

Since 2016, Navarra Television has also handed out awards that bear its name. It aims to recognize the work of outstanding people in the Navarre Foral Community.


Diario 16

Diario 16 (digital newspaper) is a Spanish digital newspaper, published daily, that was reborn at the end of 2015 after having closed its rotary press in 2001. Despite having a different editorial team, the header is the same as in its old written edition, but with a new and different slogan: ""The newspaper of the Second Transition"". María José Pintor Sánchez-Ocaña and Cristina Fallarás were the directors. José Antonio Gómez is the current director.

In addition to the daily digital publication, the header also publishes a monthly magazine with the same name.

The head of the newspaper passed from Grupo Voz to Multimedia Ediciones Globales, SL, of Grupo EIG (Energy & Information Group), at some point between 2001 and 2015. MEG, SL is chaired by Manuel Domínguez Moreno, and its staff is made up of former editors of the magazine Cambio 16 . 


David Newman

David Louis Newman (born March 11, 1954) is an American singer-songwriter, musician, composer and conductor. He is known for his movie scores. In his career more than thirty years, he has composed music for nearly 100 feature movies. 

Newman stated composers like Alfred Newman, John Williams, Elmer Bernstein, Maurice Jarre, Jerry Goldsmith, Henry Mancini, Leonard Bernstein, Dave Grusin, Alan Menken, Bruce Broughton, Lalo Schifrin, John Barry, Howard Shore, Irwin Kostal, Basil Poledouris, Alan Silvestri, James Horner, Randy Newman, Michael Kamen, Ennio Morricone, George Gershwin, Duke Ellington, Mark Mothersbaugh, Oliver Wallace, Frank Churchill and Buddy Baker as Influences

He received an Academy Award nomination for writing the score to the 1997 movie "Anastasia".

He was an cousin of Randy Newman.

Oingo Boingo

Oingo Boingo () was an American new wave band. It was formed by songwriter Danny Elfman in 1979. The band was created from a surrealist musical theatre group, The Mystic Knights of the Oingo Boingo. Elfman had led and written material for that group for years before creating Oingo Boingo. Their highest charting song, "Weird Science", reached No. 45 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100.

Oingo Boingo were known for their high energy concerts and experimental music. Their music can be described as mixing rock, ska, pop, and world music. The band made music over 17 years. They used many different genres and had many line-up changes. Their best-known songs include "Only a Lad", "Little Girls", "Dead Man's Party" and "Weird Science".

Compound document

In computing, a compound document combines different other documents of different formats or types. Very often, this is done using a text processing software. For example, a document may contain images, or audio, as well as text. Technically there are different ways to do this; two common ones are linking and embedding. As an example, a Wikipedia page with an image is also a compound document.

Selbach

Selbach was a great Scottish king who ruled Dál Riata from 700 to 723, when he retired to become a monk. He is well recorded, and defeated Beli II, the king of Strathclyde, at Lorg Ecclet. He also fought Ainbcellach, his brother and contestant for the throne, at Finnglen in 719, and was victorious. However, then he was defeated by Dúnchad Bec (Duncan the Small, a ruler from Kintyre), another rival, the same year. Selbach died in 730, three years after fighting his son's great enemy Eochaid mac Echdach.

Indo-Iranian peoples

Indo-Iranian peoples or Indo-Iranic peoples, is the name given to the group that covers Iranic peoples, Indo-Aryans and Nuristanis today. In the historical sense, it is the group that defined itself as Aryan and eventually split into Iranians, Indo-Aryans and Nuristanis. They spoke the Indo-Iranian branch of Indo-European languages. 

Brainstorming

To brainstorm is to think about and try to come up with ideas or solutions to a problem, either on your own or in a group.

Angus Buidnech

Angus Buidnech (maybe spelled Aonghas, please check this article if you can read this language) was a legendary king of Dál Riata accounted for by the "Senchus fer n-Alban", which says he was the son of Fedelmid mac Senchormac.

He may have ruled from around 360 to 405, when he died. He was the great-great-great-grandfather of the royal hero Fergus Mór. Angus probably waged war against Pictish kings Gartnait II (360-387) and Talorc I (387-405), and was said by some to be the first Scot born in Scotland. It is unknown what his epithet, "Buidnech", meant, but it is known that "Buí" is Irish for "yellow", maybe referring to this king's hair colour. Angus is remembered by George Buchanan in 1588 with the words "A good king who was slain by the Picts". Buchanan also said he succeeded his uncle, not his father, as most traditions say.

Rozina Cambos

Rozina Cambos (; 17 December 1951 – 4 December 2012) was a Romanian-born Israeli actress. After emigrating to Israel from Romania in 1983, she rose to prominence as a stage actress at the Habima Theatre and the Cameri Theatre. She also starred in several movies such as the 2010 film "The Human Resources Manager".

Cambos died of leukaemia on 4 December 2012, aged 60.

Turan Depression

The Turan Depression, Turan Lowland or Turanian Basin is a low-lying desert basin region stretching from southern Turkmenistan through Uzbekistan to Kazakhstan. The lowland region lies to the east of the Caspian Sea and southeast of the Aral Sea in the vast Aral–Caspian Depression. Some of it is above sea level. It is one of the largest expanses of sand in the world, covering an area of around 3 million km. On average, the region receives less than 15 inches (381mm) of rainfall per year. The Karakum desert lies at the southern portion of the Turan Lowlands.

About 80% of it is desert or desert-like. In the south there are rivers, and oases. Cotton and different kinds of wheat are grown there. In the desert-like areas, there are only small bushes, and camels and goats live there. There are a number of rivers. The most important of these are the Amu Darya and the Syr Darya. Both flow into Aral Sea. The Amu Darya River runs in a southeast–north-westerly direction through the lowlands. It used to flow into the South Aral Sea, currently it dries up in a desert called Aralkum. Syr Darya flows into North Aral Sea. 

The three most important cities are Daşoguz in Turkmenistan, and Nukus and Urgench in Uzbekistan. Vpadina Akchanaya in Turkmenistan is 267 feet (81 meters) below sea level.

Eochaid Cairbre

Eochaid Cairbre, which can be translated into English as Haughey the Charioteer, was a legendary king of Scotland who ruled from probably 165 to 186. He was the son of the High King of Ireland Conaire Cóem and Queen Saraid, as well as brother of a king of Munster, where he used to live. According to one source, he was killed by a court musician and was buried in Ulster. Eochaid was possibly given Dál Riata when his brother received Munster.

North Aral Sea

The North Aral Sea is the northern part of the Aral Sea. It is also called little Aral Sea. It split form the rest in 1987 and 1988. The southern part of the Aral Sea was called South Aral Sea. North Aral Sea is mainly fed by Syr Darya. There is a dam, called Dike Kokaral, which separates it from the rest of the Aral Sea. The dam had a poor design, but in 2005, the government of Kazakhstan could improve it. Since then the water levels of the lake have risen.

Finn Døssing

Finn Døssing Jensen (27 April 1941 – 24 June 2022) was a Danish footballer. He played as a centre forward. He began his career with Viborg FF. He played for the Denmark under-21 team in 1963. 

Døssing died on 24 June 2022, aged 81.

Artie Kane

Artie Kane (born Aaron Cohen; April 14, 1929 – June 21, 2022) was an American pianist, movie score composer, and conductor. In 1976, he was nominated for a Grammy Award. During his career, he conducted on over 60 movie scores for MGM, Disney, Universal, Fox, Warner Brothers, Sony, and Paramount. His career lasted from 1944 until 2004.

Kane died on June 21, 2022 at his home in Whidbey Island, Washington at the age of 93.

Alexander Jefferson

Alexander Jefferson (November 15, 1921 – June 22, 2022) was an American Air Force officer. He was known as one of the Tuskegee Airmen, the 332nd Fighter Group. He was in the United States Army Air Forces during World War II.

Jefferson died on June 22, 2022 in Detroit at the age of 100.

South Aral Sea

South Aral Sea was the name for the southern part of the Aral Sea. Because of diverting water for irrigation starting in the 1960s, the Aral Sea began to dry up. In the 1980s, a dam was built, splitting it into a small North Aral Sea, and the large southern part. In the 2000s, the souhern part split into a western and eastern half, but has mostly dried up. The desert that grew from it is called Aralkum today.

The West Aral Sea is expected to stabilize at , a mean depth of , and a maximum depth of , assuming groundwater discharge at the rate of per year. The Eastern Sea dried up completely in the summer of 2009, apart from the small permanent Barsakelmes Lake (between the Northern and Western seas), but it received some water from snow melt in the spring of 2010. It is expected to alternate between complete desiccation in the summers and the occasional flood from the Amu Darya or spillover from the dam holding back the North Aral Sea, though a second dike, begun in 2010, may reduce the incidence of the latter.

In 2015, the Western Sea was starting to split into two, as the channel that connects the central part of the sea and the small North-Eastern part was growing skinnier. (This can be seen on the 2014 picture.) Since 2018, the split has been complete.

Zhang Sizhi

Zhang Sizhi (; 12 November 1927 – 24 June 2022) was an Chinese human rights lawyer. He was a professor at Central University of Finance and Economics. He was known for defending many of the protesters involved in the 1989 Tiananmen Square protests.

Zhang died from an illness in Beijing, China on 24 June 2022 at the age of 94.

Fatikh Sibagatullin

Fatikh Saubanovich Sibagatullin (; ; 1 May 1950 – 24 June 2022) was a Russian politician. He was a member of United Russia. He was in the State Duma from 2007 to 2021. Sibagatullin was born in Tatar ASSR, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Sibagatullin died at a hospital in Moscow, Russia from cardiac arrest on 24 June 2022 at the age of 72.

Gianpaolo Bissi

Gianpaolo Bissi (2 May 1941 – 23 June 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Italian Democratic Socialist Party. He was in the Senate of the Republic from 1987 to 1992. Bissi was born in Teglio, Italy.

Bissi died in Teglio on 23 June 2022 at the age of 81.

Teglio

Teglio ("Téi" in Valtellinese dialect) is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region Lombardy. It is about northeast of Milan.

Ernst Jacobi

Ernst Gerhard Ludwig Jacobi-Scherbening (11 July 1933 – 23 June 2022) was a German actor. He acted in the 1979 movie "The Tin Drum" and was the narrator in "The White Ribbon". His started acting in Berlin, Germany in 1957. He retired in 2009.

Jacobi died on 23 June 2022 in Vienna, Austria at the age of 88.

Source:



Stien Kaiser

Christina Wilhelmina "Stein" Baas-Kaiser (20 May 1938 – 23 June 2022) was a Dutch speed skater. She was born in Delft, Netherlands. She won a gold and silver medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics. Kaiser also won two bronze medals at the 1968 Summer Olympics.

Kaiser died on 23 June 2022 at the age of 84.

Dickon Mitchell

Dickon Amiss Thomas Mitchell (born 8 October 1978) is a Grenadian politician and lawyer. He is the Prime Minister of Grenada since 24 June 2022. He is also the leader of the National Democratic Congress (NDC) since 2021. He led his party to victory in the 2022 general election.

New York State Rifle &amp; Pistol Association, Inc. v. Bruen

New York State Rifle & Pistol Association, Inc. v. Bruen, 597 U.S. ___ (2022) , abbreviated NYSRPA v. Bruen, also known as NYSRPA II or Bruen (to distinguish it from the 2020 case), is a landmark decision of the United States Supreme Court about the Second Amendment to the United States Constitution. 

In a 6–3 decision, the majority ruled that individuals can carry concealed guns in public in June 2022.

Thiomargarita magnifica

Thiomargarita magnifica is a species of sulfur-oxidizing gammaproteobacteria. It is found growing underwater on the leaves of red mangroves from Guadeloupe archipelago in Lesser Antilles. This bacterium is the largest known bacterium, with an average length of 10 mm and some reaching 20 mm. The bacterium was found in February 2022. 

2022 Oslo shootings

On 25 June 2022, two people were killed and 21 more injured in a mass shooting at three places in Oslo, Norway. The shootings are believed to have target Oslo Pride, the local LGBT pride parade. The police is investigating the shootings as an act of Islamic terrorism. A 42-year old naturalised Iranian immigrant was arrested. He has been charged with murder, attempted murder and terrorism.

Zero She Flies

Zero She Flies is the third album by the folk singer Al Stewart. It was released in 1970. It is the first of Stewart’s albums that has a song about history. The song is called "Manuscript". It is about the things that started World War I, like the assassination of Archduke Franz Ferdinand of Austria.

All tracks composed by Al Stewart; except where indicated.



Zeko Burgess

Zeko Burgess is a cricketer from Bermuda. In August 2019, Burgess started to play on Bermuda's team for the Regional Finals of the 2018–19 ICC T20 World Cup Americas Qualifier tournament. In November 2019, he played on Bermuda's team for the Cricket World Cup Challenge League B tournament. This happened in Oman. Burgess went into List A for Bermuda on 6 December 2019. He played against Uganda.

The Black Phone

The Black Phone is a 2021 American supernatural horror movie. It was directed by Scott Derrickson. The movie was written by Derrickson and C. Robert Cargill. It is based on the 2004 short story of the same name by Joe Hill. The movie stars Mason Thames, Madeleine McGraw, Jeremy Davies, James Ransone and Ethan Hawke. The movie is about a kidnapped teenager (Thames) and how he uses a mysterious telephone to talk with the dead victims of his kidnapper "The Grabber" (Hawke).

The movie was released by Universal Pictures in the United States on June 24, 2022. It had many positive reviews from critics.

Zatheria

Cladotheria (also called Zatheria) is a clade of mammals—that means a group of mammals who all evolved from the same ancient creature. Cladotheria has marsupials, placentals, and some kinds of extinct animals like dryolestoids, amphitheriids and peramurids. This clade was named in 1975 by Malcolm McKenna. In 2002, scientists called it a node-based taxon that had "the common ancestor of dryolestids and living therians, plus all its descendants". A different definition was written in 2013. Then scientists said that Cladotheria has all groups of mammals that are more like a house mouse than they are like the animal Spalacotherium tricuspidens.

Joe Hill (writer)

Joseph Hillström King (born June 4, 1972), pen name Joe Hill, is an American writer. He wrote the novels "Heart-Shaped Box" (2007), "Horns" (2010), "NOS4A2" (2013), and "The Fireman" (2016). He also wrote the short story collections "20th Century Ghosts" (2005) and "Strange Weather" (2017); and the comic book series "Locke & Key" (2008–2013). 

King is the son of authors Tabitha and Stephen King.

Youngblood (5 Seconds of Summer song)

"Youngblood" is a song by the pop rock band 5 Seconds of Summer. It was written by Calum Hood, Ali Tamposi, Andrew Watt, Ashton Irwin, and Luke Hemmings. Andrew Watt and Louis Bell helped make it. The song was put out by Capitol Records on 12 April 2018. It was the second single from the band’s third album, which was also called "Youngblood.

Year of the Cat

Year of the Cat is the seventh album by Al Stewart. It was released in 1976. It was made and engineered by Alan Parsons. The song “Year of the Cat", which was also written by Peter Wood, was so popular that it helped sell the album. AllMusic said that song was "one of those 'mysterious woman' songs". The album was a top five hit in the United States. Another song from the album was "On the Border". A third song was “Lord Grenville". That song was about a sailor and explorer named Sir Richard Grenville.

All tracks composed by Al Stewart, except where indicated.

Side 1

Side 2



X Offender

"X Offender" is the first song to be released by the American band Blondie. It was written by Gary Valentine and Debbie Harry for the band's first album, also called Blondie. The song was released as the album's lead single in June 1976.

Wolfgang (wrestler)

Barry Young was born 3 December 1986. He is a Scottish professional wrestler. His “wrestler name” is Wolfgang. He lives in Ayr, Scotland. Wolfgang is a Wrestling Coach at GPWA Glasgow Asylum. He also used to be an NXT UK Tag Team Champion.

Vuillafans

Vuillafans is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Adventure Time: Fionna and Cake

Adventure Time: Fionna and Cake is an upcoming American animated streaming television series. It is a spin off of the Cartoon Network series "Adventure Time", which was created by Pendleton Ward. It is the third series in the franchise. It will be released via HBO Max and is about Fionna the Human and Cake the Cat, which are female versions of Finn the Human and Jake the Dog. It will have ten half-hour episodes.

Quasi-state

A quasi-state or state-like entity is a political entity that does not represent a fully autonomous sovereign state.

Amos Guttman

Amos Guttman (; 10 May 1954 – 16 February 1993) was a Romanian-born Israeli film director. He emigrated to Israel with his family, aged seven. He later became a successful film director. Being an openly gay man, he directed films in relation to his own personal life, such as "Bar 51", "Drifting" and "Amazing Grace". He was considered to be a pioneer of LGBT film in Israel.

Guttman died of AIDS on 16 February 1993, aged 38.

2022 Monkeypox outbreak in the United States

The 2022 Monkeypox outbreak in the United States is part of the bigger outbreak of human Monkeypox caused by the Monkeypox virus.

Based from the CDC map of the United States. This data is updated by the CDC Mondays-Fridays.


Sphaenorhynchus bromelicola

Bahia lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus bromelicola") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Thomas Mifflin

Thomas Mifflin (January 10, 1744 – January 20, 1800) was an American merchant, soldier, and politician from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Early in the Revolutionary War, Mifflin left the Continental Congress to serve in the Continental Army. He was made a major, then became an "aide-de-camp" of George Washington.

On August 14, 1775, Washington appointed him to become the army's first quartermaster general, under order of Congress. Even though he preferred to be on the front line, people said he was good at his job. Because he failed to properly supply Washington and the troops at Valley Forge, questions were raised. People said he had warehoused and sold supplies, instead of bringing them to Washington and his troops. After a talk with Washington, Mifflin asked to be relieved as quartermaster general but was persuaded to resume those duties because Congress did not find a replacement.

Mifflin's leadership in the Battle of Trenton and the Battle of Princeton led to a promotion to major general. In Congress, there was debate regarding whether a national army was more efficient or whether the individual states should maintain their own forces. As a result of this debate the Congressional Board of War was created, on which Mifflin served from 1777 to 1778. He then rejoined the army but took little active role, following criticism of his service as quartermaster general. He was accused of embezzlement and welcomed an inquiry; however, one never took place. He resigned his commission, but Congress continued to ask his advice even after accepting his resignation.
Although Mifflin's family had been Quakers for four generations, he was expelled from the Religious Society of Friends when he joined the Continental Army, because his involvement with the military contradicted that faith's pacifistic doctrines. Mifflin became a member of the American Philosophical Society in 1768 and served for two years as its secretary. He served from 1773 to 1791 as a trustee of the College and Academy of Philadelphia (now the University of Pennsylvania), including two years as treasurer (1773–1775).


Daryl Mitchell (New Zealand cricketer)

Daryl Joseph Mitchell (born 20 May 1991) is a New Zealand cricketer who represents Canterbury in domestic cricket, and plays for the national team. He is the son of New Zealand rugby union coach and former player John Mitchell.

Daryl made his debut for Northern Districts in 2011-12. Initially he started as a batsman but later he became an all-rounder. He is also known for his excellent fielding. In 2022, Mitchell participated in 2022 Indian Premier League tournament and was a part of Rajasthan Royals team. 

Love Chronicles

Love Chronicles is the second album by Al Stewart. It was released in September 1969 and was his first album released in the United States.

All tracks composed and arranged by Al Stewart



Bonus tracks

Fred Wilt

Frederick Loren Wilt (December 14, 1920 – September 5, 1994) was an American Olympic athlete and Federal Bureau of Investigation agent.

Bösel

Bösel is a municipality in the district of Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.


Cappeln

Cappeln is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 7 km southeast of Cloppenburg.

Cappeln has the following rural communities:


Emstek

Emstek is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 8 km east of Cloppenburg.

Dixie, Louisiana

Dixie is an unincorporated community in Caddo Parish, Louisiana, United States.

The Verve Pipe

The Verve Pipe is a American rock band formed in 1992.


Harry Gration

Harry Gration, MBE, DL (22 October 1950 – 24 June 2022) was an English journalist and broadcaster. He was one of the main anchors for the BBC Yorkshire programme "Look North".

Gration died suddenly on 24 June 2022, at the age of 71.


Linda Coffee

Linda Nellene Coffee (born December 25, 1942) is an American attorney and pro-choice activist. She is from Dallas, Texas. Coffee argued "Roe v. Wade" before the United States Supreme Court along with Sarah Weddington . She argued for abortion and why it should be legal in the United States. Coffee was a member of the Women's Equity Action League.

Poolesville, Maryland

Poolesville is a town in western Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. 5,742 people lived there at the 2020 United States Census.

Donda West

Donda C. West (née Williams; July 12, 1949 – November 10, 2007) was an American academic. She was a professor and chair of Chicago State University's Communications, Media and Theater. She was the mother of rapper Ye, better known as Kanye West.

West was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma however spent most of her life in Chicago, Illinois. 

She began her teaching career in the early 1970s at Morris Brown College in Atlanta and began working at Chicago State University in 1980. West taught English at Nanjing University for a year as a scholar through the Fulbright U.S. Scholar Program. 

On November 10, 2007, West died in Los Angeles, California from a heart attack caused by plastic surgery-related problems and coronary artery disease at age 58. After her death, an investigation showed the surgeon who gave her the surgery had a history of alcohol offenses and had two major medical legal issues.

After her death, California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger signed the "Donda West Law" in 2009, that makes it mandatory for patients to receive medical clearance through a physical examination before going through elective cosmetic surgery.

Kanye also named his tenth studio album, released in 2021, "Donda", after his mother. Kanye donated student tickets to Chicago State University, the university where Donda worked at, for the listening session of the album.

2024 Liberal Democratic Party (Japan) leadership election

The Next Liberal Democratic Party leadership election can be held in 2024 to elect the next President of the Liberal Democratic Party of Japan. The winner of the election is expected to lead the party in the upcoming .

Spritz Veneziano

Spritz Veneziano is an Italian low-alcohol cocktail. It consists of prosecco, bitters and soda water. It often served as aperitif. Spritz is considered one of the most popular alcohol cocktails. 

The birthplace of Spritz is Venice. 

Rule, Britannia!

"Rule, Britannia!" is a British patriotic song. The text comes from a poem by James Thomson. The music was written by Thomas Arne. It was originally the final movement of Arne's play, "Alfred".

This version is taken from . It includes the full text of "Alfred".
<poem>
When Britain first, at Heaven's command
Arose from out the azure main;
This was the charter of the land,
And guardian angels sang this strain:
"Rule, Britannia! rule the waves:
"Britons never will be slaves."

The nations, not so blest as thee,
Must, in their turns, to tyrants fall;
While thou shalt flourish great and free,
The dread and envy of them all.
"Rule, Britannia! rule the waves:
"Britons never will be slaves."

Still more majestic shalt thou rise,
More dreadful, from each foreign stroke;
As the loud blast that tears the skies,
Serves but to root thy native oak.
"Rule, Britannia! rule the waves:
"Britons never will be slaves."

Thee haughty tyrants ne'er shall tame:
All their attempts to bend thee down,
Will but arouse thy generous flame;
But work their woe, and thy renown.
"Rule, Britannia! rule the waves:
"Britons never will be slaves."

To thee belongs the rural reign;
Thy cities shall with commerce shine:
All thine shall be the subject main,
And every shore it circles thine.
"Rule, Britannia! rule the waves:
"Britons never will be slaves."

The Muses, still with freedom found,
Shall to thy happy coast repair;
Blest Isle! With matchless beauty crown'd,
And manly hearts to guard the fair.
"Rule, Britannia! rule the waves:
"Britons never will be slaves."
</poem>

Christiaan Petit

Christiaan Simon Petit was a Belgian born, Dutch long-distance runner.

In 1934 and 1936 he won the Singelloop Utrecht. The time in 1936 was with 13 minutes and 42 seconds a new Dutch national record over 2 miles.

In July 1934 he ran the 3000 metres in Antwerp below the national record, but because there was not an official time keeping it wasn’t registered as an official Dutch record.

In August 1934 he became national champion in the 5000 metres.
Due to this performance he was selected to represent the Netherlands at the 1934 European Athletics Championships in Turin in the 5000 metres event. He didn’t finish the race at the championships, due to flank pain in the fifth lap.

Petit was born on 26 October 1912 in Liege, Belgium. His mother Mathilde Philomène Bol was from Heerlen and his father Eduard Etienne Petit was from Oudenbosch. He married to Maria Luise Bertha Kupka on 22 December 1938. He died on 26 December 1984 in Heerlen af the age of 72.

Waigali language

Waigali is a Nuristani language spoken in Nuristan Province, Afghanistan. It is spoken by the Waigal people who are Nuristani. It is also spoken in Chitral District due to the War in Afghanistan.

Hindi in Pakistan

Pakistani Hindi is a variety of Hindi nearly extinct. It is spoken by some Hindu communities in Pakistan. Most Pakistani Hindus are now speaking Sindhi Bhil.

Sphaenorhynchus palustris

The Linhares lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus palustris") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Begoña Gómez

María Begoña Gómez Fernández (Bilbao, 1975)is a Spanish politician, She is the wife of the Spanish Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez wife. Although there is no official position of First Lady in Spain, she acts as First Lady informally.

On March 14, 2020, Gomez tested positive for COVID-19. 

She has been accused of having political positions without a university degree.

The Black Stallion (movie)

The Black Stallion is a 1979 adventure movie directed by Carroll Ballard. It is based on the children's book "The Black Stallion" by Walter Farley. It is about the friendship of the boy Alec Ramsey and an Arabian horse. The movie stars Kelly Reno, Teri Garr, Hoyt Axton, Mickey Rooney, and the Arabian horse Cass Ole. Francis Ford Coppola was one of the producers, and his father, Carmine Coppola composed the music.

It is the summer of the year 1946. Alec Ramsey is on a ship with his father off the coast of North Africa. Alec discovers a black stallion on the ship. It is tied to ropes and upset. Alec feeds the hourse sugar. The owner rebukes him. Later Alec's father shows him the things he won from a card game. Two items are a pocket kife and a small statue of Bucephalus. Bucephalus was the horse of Alexander the Great. 

The ship catches fire and begins to sink. Alec cuts the horse loose and falls into the water. The horse rescues Alec from drowning. The two are the only ones to survive. They get lost on a desert island. The horse saves Alec from a snake. The two slowly get closer together. Eventually, the boy rides the horse. A fishing ship rescues the two. 

Alec is back home, and there is a ceremony for him. His horse stays in the backyard until it runs away. Alec looks for the horse everywhere and meets Snoe (and Napoleon). Snoe tells him where Black might be. This leads Alec to the barn of Henry Dailey. Henry found the horse and is a retired racehorse jockey. Henry and Alec become friends and decide to have the horse race. One night, Henry secretly has someone from the racing industry watch the horse run. The news spreads about how fast this new "mystery horse" is. Alec wants to race. His mother gives in after protesting. Alec joins a race against the top two jockeys in the country. He is behind in the beginning, but catches up and wins. He has memories of riding on the island. 

The movie had good reviews from critics. It has a 90% on Rotten Tomatoes. The movie was nominated two Academy Awards in Best Actor in a Supporting Role and Best Film Editing. At the Golden Globe Awards, Carmine Coppola was nominated for Best Original Score. The movie was ranked #64 on the American Film Institute list Cheers. The film is part of the National Film Registry, because it is considered culturally significant.



Antonio Montero Moreno

Antonio Montero Moreno (28 August 1928 – 16 June 2022) was a Spanish Roman Catholic prelate. Montero Moreno was born in Churriana de la Vega and was ordained to the priesthood in 1951. He served as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Seville and was titular bishop of Regiana from 1969 to 1980

Moreno died on 16 June 2022 in Cádiz, Spain at the age of 93.

Munji people

The Munji are a tribal group formerly based in Badakhshan province of Afghanistan. They number around 7,800. Now they are based in Chitral District. They are mostly Shia Muslims. They speak the Munji language.

Pulmapilt

Pulmapilt is a 1980 Estonian science fiction movie directed by Raul Tammet and starring Rein Aren, Lembit Ulfsak. It was distributed by Mosfilm.


Abortion in Canada

Abortion in Canada is legal at all stages of pregnancy, regardless of the reason. It is publicly funded as a medical procedure under the combined effects of the federal Canada Health Act and provincial health-care systems. However, access to services and resources varies by region. While some non-legal barriers to access still exist, Canada is the only nation with absolutely no criminal restrictions on abortion. Nevertheless, no providers in Canada offer abortion care beyond 23 weeks and 6 days as outlined by provincial regulatory authorities for physicians.

In Canada, abortion was formally banned in 1869. It would remain illegal for the next 100 years. In 1969, the "Criminal Law Amendment Act, 1968–69" legalized therapeutic abortions, as long as a committee of doctors certified that continuing the pregnancy would likely endanger the woman's life or health. In 1988, the Supreme Court of Canada ruled in "R. v. Morgentaler" that the existing law was unconstitutional, and struck down the 1969 Act. The ruling found that the 1969 abortion law violated a woman's right to “life, liberty and security of the person” guaranteed under Section 7 of the Canadian Charter of Rights and Freedoms established in 1982.

In Canada, all surgical abortions are performed by a physician, with nurse practitioners, pharmacists and midwives able to provide medications for non-invasive medical abortions within nine weeks (63 days) of gestation. Canada has had a relatively stable abortion rate since decriminalization; the rate of recorded abortion per 1000 women of childbearing age (15-44) was 10.2 in 1974, rising to 16.4 abortions per thousand women in 1997, and declining to 10.1 abortions per 1000 women in 2020. However, these rates of abortion only reflect the number of abortions reported by abortion clinics and hospitals. They do not account for unreported abortions in these setting or count abortions induced by prescription drugs such as mifepristone and misoprostol taken at home, and so these official rates of abortion undercount the true rate of abortion. Nevertheless, Canada has a low abortion rate overall compared to other countries,


Pop Smear

Pop Smear is the debut studio album by The Verve Pipe. The album was released on December 9, 1993.

Todd Astle

Todd Duncan Astle was born 24 September, 1986 in Palmerston North. He is a New Zealand cricketer who played 5 tests, 9 one-day internationals and 5 twenty20 internationals. He is the son of Alec Astle and is not related to Nathan Astle.
On 16 February 2023, at the age of 36, Astle announced his retirement from international cricket through an instagram post.

Rex Austin

William Rex Austin (23 May 1931 – 23 June 2022) was a New Zealand politician of the National Party. He was born in Riverton, New Zealand. Austin was a member of the New Zealand Parliament between 1975 to 1987. 

Austin died on 23 June 2022 in Invercargill, New Zealand at the age of 91.

Javier Cárdenas (footballer)

Javier Cárdenas Martínez (8 December 1952 – 25 June 2022) was a Mexican football midfielder. He played for Mexico in the 1978 FIFA World Cup and from 1975 until 1979. He also played for Deportivo Toluca. Cárdenas was born in Mexico City.

Cárdenas died on 25 June 2022 at the age of 69.

Russell Watt

James Russell Watt (29 December 1935 – 25 June 2022) was a New Zealand rugby union player. He played for the All Blacks, between 1957 and 1962. He played 42 matches for the All Blacks including nine international.

Watt died on 25 June 2022 in Silverstream, New Zealand at the age of 86.

2021–22 Los Angeles Lakers season

The 2021–22 Los Angeles Lakers season was the 75th season of the team. It was the 74th season in the National Basketball Association (NBA).


Thue Christiansen

Thue Christiansen (25 February 1940 – 26 June 2022) was a Greenlandic teacher, visual artist, and politician. Christiansen was best known as the designer of the current flag of Greenland. Christiansen was elected to the Inatsisartut (Parliament of Greenland) for Siumut in 1979. He was the Greenlandic Minister of Culture and Education from 1979 until 1983.

Christiansen died on 26 June 2022, at his home in Hals, Denmark, at the age of 82. 

Shareef O’Neal

Shareef Rashaun O'Neal (born January 11, 2000) is an American basketball player who was signed with the Los Angeles Lakers and now plays for the NBA G League Ignite.

The son of Hall of Fame player Shaquille O'Neal, he attended Crossroads School in Santa Monica, California.
As a senior forward, O'Neal was ranked among the top high school basketball players of his class. He was a redshirt during his first season in college with the UCLA Bruins, when he had a heart surgery. He played as a reserve for the Bruins in 2019–20 before transferring midseason to the LSU Tigers.

Frank Moorhouse

Frank Thomas Moorhouse (21 December 1938 – 26 June 2022) was an Australian writer. He was best known for having won the 2001 Miles Franklin Literary Award for his novel, "Dark Palace" and "Cold Light".

Moorhouse died at a hospital in Sydney, Australia on 26 June 2022 at the age of 83.


Edgware

Edgware () is a suburban town in northern Greater London, mostly in the London Borough of Barnet.

As of 2011, the town had a population of 76,506 and is made up of five wards from both Barnet and Harrow boroughs.

Air France Flight 296

Air France Flight 296 was a test flight of an Air France Airbus A320, chartered by Air Charter International, at the air show in Habsheim, Alsace, France on June 26, 1988. The approach was to take place with the plane at 100 feet (33 m), but the plane descended to a lower height than expected and crashed at the end of the runway, killing 3 passengers on board, this being the first fatal accident of an Airbus A320 in the world.

The crew of flight 296 was commanded by Captain Michel Asseline, who was sent to prison for this act and sentenced by the French justice system to 10 months in prison and 10 months of probation.

As the aircraft approached Habshiem Airfield, the Airbus A320 was prepared for the flyover by Captain Asseline, who was the pilot flying. The first officer then warned the captain of the low altitude of around 100 feet. The aircraft was not stabilized and continued to descend to 30 feet, with an according Ground Proximity Warning System (GPWS) callout. The aircraft was at a low speed and as the aircraft stabilized itself in a nose up attitude, Captain Asseline called out, "TOGA power, go around track!" The flight crew began a go around and applied maximum go around thrust, as commanded. As the engines reached approximately 84 percent N1, the A320 flew into trees at the end of the runway during the airshow, and burst into flames upon impacting the ground.

The impact and the fire resulting from the fuel fire killed 3 people on board, these being two young children and one adult. During the evacuation of the plane, the passengers left through the emergency exits, while a woman tries to remove a 7-year-old girl from the plane whose seat belt got stuck in her seat, killing both of them. The other child was found dead in the rubble.

Captain Asseline, First Officer Mazière, two Air France employees and the sponsor of the event, president of the local flight club, were charged with the crime of involuntary manslaughter, of the group Captain Asseline was the only one who ended up in jail convicted to 10 months in prison, while the rest ended up on probation.

It was found that the Airbus had actually went against Captain Asseline's flight control inputs and deflected the elevators down to prevent the aircraft from stalling. This later became known as the Alpha Protection system.
The episode "Blaming the Pilot" of the TV series "Survival in the Sky" featured the accident.

The Discovery Channel Canada / National Geographic TV series "Air Crash Investigation" featured the accident and subsequent investigation in a season 9 episode titled "Pilot vs. Plane" and included an interview with Captain Michel Asseline, survivors, and accident investigators.

The episode "Disastrous Descents" of the TV series "Aircrash Confidential" produced by WMR Productions and IMG Entertainment, featured the accident and included an interview with Captain Michel Asseline.


Eddystone, Pennsylvania

Eddystone is a borough in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 2,459 at the 2020 census.




The Drum (1938 movie)

The Drum (released in the U.S. as Drums) is a 1938 British adventure movie directed by Zoltan Korda and was based on the 1936 novel of the same name by A. E. W. Mason. It stars Sabu, Raymond Massey, Roger Livesey, Valerie Hobson, David Tree, Desmond Tester, Roy Emerton and United Artists.


KL Rahul

Kannaur Lokesh Rahul (born 18 April 1992) is an Indian cricketer.
India vs Australia: Making progress toward working on myself as an initial hitter, says KL Rahul 

Damián De Santo

Damián Álvaro De Santo (Born June 12, 1968) is an Argentine actor and former singer. He acted in theater, cinema and television.

He has been married for years to Vanina Bilous, a tango dancer. He has two children, Joaquín and Camilo. Although he is not much of a soccer fan, he is a River fan. He was the boyfriend of the Argentine singer Laura Miller. Since 2005, he has lived for much of the year in the town of Villa Giardino in Cordoba, where he owns a complex of cabins.

APTRA

The Asociación de Periodistas de la Televisión y Radiofonía Argentina (APTRA) () is an entity that brings together press workers from Argentine television and radio.

It stands out for annually awarding the Martín Fierro Awards to the television and radio production of the previous year.

On June 9, 1959, ten journalists met at the headquarters of the Argentores Association with the purpose of supporting and promoting the improvement of television and radio broadcasting and formalized the beginning of the institution under the first presidency of Manuel Ferradás Campos. That same year the first awards ceremony was held at the Cervantes National Theater.

Jorge Lanata

Jorge Ernesto Lanata (Born September 12, 1960) is an Argentine journalist and writer. He has ventured into various genres such as investigative journalism, literature, documentaries, television, cinema and theater. of magazine, He has participated in the foundation of newspapers, magazines and news portals.
He comes from a lower-middle class family from the town of Sarandí, in the district of Avellaneda (province of Buenos Aires). When he was seven years old, his mother was bedridden as a result of a brain operation for cancer. He was educated by his aunts and his grandmother.

His first interview was with the poet Conrado Nalé Roxlo, whom he looked for in the telephone book. He did it after in elementary school someone close to them was asked for an interview, but he went further.

He began writing in "Colmena", the medium of his secondary school ―Colegio San Martín (de Avellaneda)―, and the newspaper La Ciudad de Avellaneda reproduced some of those notes.

In 1974, at the age of 14, he began working with the writing of informative cables at Radio Nacional. That year he won the Second Municipal Essay Prize with "The social issue in Argentine cinema." In 1978 he graduated from Colegio San Martín.

During the last civic-military dictatorship in Argentina (1976-1983), he worked as a waiter in a bar that still exists. In 1977, he wrote notes for the magazine "Siete Días".

In 2006 he received the «Premio a la Libertad» ("Freedom Award"), granted by the Atlas Foundation for a Free Society, which promotes the free market and of which he is one of its exclusive members. He participates in talks and debates organized by another liberal NGO: Fundación Libertad.

In 2013 he was offered to run as a politician but he refused, arguing that he is a journalist and that he only dedicates himself to reporting.

Together with his ex-partner Andrea Rodríguez they had his first daughter, Bárbara. He was married to Patricia Orlando from 1984 to 1986, then to Silvina Chediek from 1990 to 1991, and finally to Sara Stewart Brown between 1998 and 2016 (with whom he had his second daughter, Lola).
In 2012 Lanata came back to TV with a new show called "Periodismo para todos". The 2013 edition worked with the case of "the K money trail".

In December 2015 the Citizen's Lab, at the Munk School for Global Affairs, at University of Toronto, identified Lanata and several other South American opposition figures as having their cellphones targeted for extrajudicial surveillance by government associated hackers.

The Gorgon

The Gorgon is a 1964 British Hammer horror movie directed by Terence Fisher and starring Christopher Lee, Peter Cushing, Barbara Shelley, Richard Pasco, Patrick Troughton, Jack Watson.


Netherlands at the 1930 Women's World Games

The Netherlands competed with a team of five athletes at the 1930 Women's World Games in Prague from 6 to 8 September 1930.

With a total of 9 points, the Netherlands finished 6th.

There was a predetermined selection procedure to qualify for the Women's World Games. A team of 5 athletes was announced by the Royal Dutch Athletics Federation on 27 August 1930. The team moved to Prague on 2 September 1930.
Schuurman won the silver medal in both the 100 metres and 200 metres behind the Polish Stanisława Walasiewicz, with a "chest width" difference in the 200 metres.
Gisolf won the silver medal in the high jump event. During the final, Gisolf got injured herself during her successfull jump of 1.57 metres toring thigh muscle during the run. She then tried to jump, to great encouragement from the crowd, but failed and had to and had to withdraw from the competition. Because of this Braumuller, the only remaining participant, won.

Keith Micah Tan

Keith Micah de luna Tan also known as Mike Tan or Atorni Mike is a Filipino politician. He served as the congressman of Quezon's 4th District from 2022 after his mother Angelina "Helen" Tan served-three terms from 2013-2022.

He is the son of Governor Angelina "Helen" Tan and Ronnel Tan.

Dalimil Klapka

Dalimil Klapka (22 May 1933 – 14 June 2022) was a Czech actor and dubber. He was born in Prague, Czech Republic. His career began in the 1960s and he dubbed Lieutenant Columbo in the Czech version of "Columbo", Abe Simpson in "The Simpsons" and Yoda in "". Also also voiced the Beggar in the Czech animated movie "Goat Story" and its sequel.

Klapka died on 14 June 2022 at a Prague hospital from prostate cancer, aged 89.

Canta Conmigo Ahora

Canta Conmigo Ahora was an Argentine talent show produced by LaFlia Contents. was the Argentine version of the British program All Together Now broadcast by the BBC One network. The presenter was Marcelo Tinelli. This TV show was broadcast by eltrece and produced by LaFlia Contents.
It is a singing contest that brings together 100 experts in the same place. They will meet many singers who seek to win the contest. 

At the beginning of May, the show program LAM announced that of the 100 jurors, some will be great figures recognized throughout the country and that among them, was the singer-songwriter Coti, thus being the first confirmed member of the jury. 

On May 10, 2022, the casting was launched to participate in the program.

The protagonist of the program, in addition to its participants, will be the team of 100 jurors who will be different people who have to do with the musical world, of these only 15 will be recognized figures, here is the list of those confirmed:


Carrick-a-Rede Rope Bridge

The Carrick-a-Rede Rope Bridge is a rope bridge near Ballintoy in County Antrim, Northern Ireland.


Belle Meade, Tennessee

Belle Meade is a city in Davidson County, Tennessee. Its total land area is . Its population was 2,901 at the time of the 2020 census.

Showmatch

Showmatch was an Argentine entertainment and humor program. It was hosted by Marcelo Tinelli. 
Showmatch has aired for years as one of the most successful programs in the history of Argentine television. It is due to its great impact on the industry and its high audience numbers, generally managing to beat all its competition. These factors have managed to keep the program over time, considering it a true phenomenon. However, since 2015, the average rating of the program has dropped, getting low ratings never seen before. 2021 became the worst year for the program.

It began broadcasting on April 4, 2005 on Channel 9. It was produced until 2017 by Ideas del Sur. It is the continuity of Videomatch, also from the same production company. From 2006 until its end, on December 10, 2021;  and except for the year 2013 and 2020 that did not air; was broadcast on El Trece. From 2018 to 2021, the production is in charge of LaFlia Contents.

After the rupture at the end of 2017 with Grupo Indalo (temporarily renamed Grupo Ceibo) after a year with many conflicts that almost caused the end of the program's broadcasts, the continuity of Showmatch was confirmed for 2018 and 2019 with the support of El Trece. 

However, as it turned out, the program had to change its name, since the Showmatch brand would not belong to the new production, so the possibility of taking the Videomatch name again was considered. However, given the protection of said name because it is owned by Telefe, the name used for the 2018 season is simply "Bailando 2018". In mid-June, it was confirmed that the program would return to its title Showmatch as before until its final season, in 2021.

Sébastien Lecornu

Sébastien Lecornu (; born 11 June 1986) is a French politician. He is in the government of Prime Minister Élisabeth Borne as Minister of the Armed Forces since 2022. 

Marco Mendicino

Marco Mendicino (; born July 28, 1973) is a Canadian politician. He has been the Minister of Public Safety since October 26, 2021. He is a member of the Liberal Party. Mendicino represents Eglinton—Lawrence in the House of Commons since 2015. He was the Minister of Immigration, Refugees and Citizenship from 2019 to 2021.

Joachim Nagel

Joachim Nagel (born 31 May 1966) is a German economist and banker. In 2022, he became the President of the Bundesbank. He became a member of the Bank for International Settlements in 2020. He was a board member of the Deutsche Bundesbank from 2017 until 2020.

Waking Ned Devine

Waking Ned (titled Waking Ned Devine in Australia and North America) is a 1998 British Irish French American comedy movie directed first time director Kirk Jones. It stars Ian Bannen, David Kelly, Susan Lynch, Susan Gilmore, James Nesbitt, Fionnula Flanagan and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – 100 metres

The 100 metres at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, from 6-8 September 1930.

In August 1930, entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 200 metres event.

The heats took place on 6 September.

Sources:

Source:

Source:

Source:

Sources:

The semi-finals took place on Sunday 7 September, with bad weather conditions. The top two athletes of each semi-final qualified for the final.

Sources

8 September
Sources:

Minerva, New York

Minerva is a town in Essex County, New York, United States. The population was 773 at the 2020 census. The town is named after the Roman goddess of wisdom, Minerva.

Fabrizio Frizzi

Fabrizio Adriano Frizzi (5 February 1958 – 26 March 2018) was an Italian television presenter. He was best known for presenting a number of Rai-based television shows such as "L'eredità", "Scommettiamo che...?" and the Italian version of "Identity". He was also an occasional voice actor, giving his voice to Woody in the Italian broadcasts of the "Toy Story" films and other media.

On 26 March 2018, Frizzi died following a cerebral hemorrhage, aged 60.

Party wall surveyor

The Party Wall Surveyor is a professional who specializes in the resolution of disputes arising under the Party Wall etc Act 1996. As of 1 July 1997, this legislation was only applicable to England and Wales. It replaced Part VI of the London Building Acts (Amendment) Act 1939, which only applied to Inner London Boroughs. 

Surveyors appointed under the provisions of the Act have a duty to the Act and not to the party or parties that appointed them. As the surveyor has an 'appointing owner', there is no client-surveyor relationship in the normal sense. The person appointed as a 'surveyor' under section 10 of the 1996 Act is not required to possess surveyor qualifications (or any other profession) and may accept the appointment if he or she is not a 'party to the matter'.

It is possible for owners to appoint someone who has a good working knowledge of the Act. A party wall surveyor is responsible for resolving disputes between neighbours when proposed building works affect party structures, or are within a specified distance from a neighbour's property. The surveyor (Agreed Surveyor, where both parties agree on one individual) or surveyors (where both parties appoint their own surveyor) will resolve the dispute by making an Award, which is legally binding on both parties.


Clingmans Dome

The clingmans dome is a mountain in the Smokey Mountain that has been created by air pressure that keeps the shape of the bubble. The clingmans dome tower as of 27 June 2022 was finished building 62 years ago and was made to allow visitors an opportunity to see the mountains and valleys surrounding Clingman's Dome with an unobstructed view. This is located at the border of Tennessee-North Carolina.

Sphaenorhynchus pauloalvini

Paolo's lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus pauloalvini") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Some scientists believe that this frog should be in a group by itself, the sub-genus "Gabohyla". Other scientists think this frog should be in "Sphaenorhynchus".

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – 200 metres

The 200 metres at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadiumfrom 6-8 September 1930.

In August 1930, entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 200 metres event.

6 September

Sources:

The semi-finals took place on Sunday 7 September, with bad weather conditions. The top two athletes of each semi-final qualified for the final.

Sources:

8 September
Sources:

Walter Huston

Walter Thomas Huston ( ; "né" Houghston; April 5, 1883 – April 7, 1950) was a Canadian actor and singer. Huston won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "The Treasure of the Sierra Madre". His son was director John Huston. His grandchildren are Anjelica Huston, Danny Huston and Allegra Huston.

On April 7, 1950, Huston died of an aortic aneurysm in his hotel room in Beverly Hills, California two days after his 67th birthday.

Fred Zinnemann

Alfred Zinnemann (April 29, 1907 – March 14, 1997) was an Austrian Empire-born American movie director and producer. He won four Academy Awards for directing and producing movies. He also won a BAFTA Award and two Golden Globe Awards.

His best known movies were "The Search" (1947), "The Men" (1950), "High Noon" (1952), "From Here to Eternity" (1953), "Oklahoma!" (1955), "The Nun's Story" (1959), "A Man For All Seasons" (1966), "The Day of the Jackal" (1973), and "Julia" (1977). His movies have received 65 Oscar nominations, winning 24.

His parents were Austrian Jews. He graduated with a law degree from the University of Vienna in 1927. He later studied at Ecole Technique de Photographie et Cinématographie in Paris to become a cameraman. Both of his parents were killed during the Holocaust.

Zinnemann died of a heart attack in London, England on March 14, 1997 almost one month before his 90th birthday.

White-faced whistling duck

The white-faced whistling duck ("Dendrocygna viduata") is a whistling duck that breeds in sub-Saharan Africa and many parts of South America.

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – 800 metres

The 800 metres at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague, from 6-8 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 800 metres events.

6 September

Sources:

8 September
Sources:

Wu Jin-yun

Wu Jin-yun (3 March 1939 – 27 June 2022) was a Taiwanese athlete. She competed in the women's shot put and the women's discus throw at the 1960 Summer Olympics.

Wu died on 27 June 2022, aged 83.

A Martinez

Adolfo Larrue Martínez III (born September 27, 1948) is an American actor and singer. He acted in the daytime soap operas "Santa Barbara", "General Hospital", "One Life to Live", "The Bold and the Beautiful", and "Days of Our Lives".

Martinez plays Mayo in the television series "Queen of the South".

In June 2022, Martinez was cast as Master Pakku in the Netflix live-action series "".

His father was Mexican with Apache descent while his mother was of Northern European descent.

Mercedes Funes

Mercedes Romina Funes (Born; January 1, 1979) is an Argentine movie, stage and television actress. She is known for the antagonistic roles of her playing mostly villains. In 2010, she became recognized for having played the character of Luz Inchausti in the Argentine youth series "Casi Ángeles".

Funes born in Rosario, Santa Fe, Argentina on January 1, 1979, but after a while, she went to live with her family in Buenos Aires. There, at the age of 10, she convinced her parents to take her to a casting for a television program, where she was accepted and she began her acting career in Superclán (1990). 

After 7 years of relationship, on April 22, 2006, Funes married actor Nicolás Vázquez in the Nuestra Señora del Guadalupe church. On August 15, 2007, she divorced the actor. Some time later, she began a relationship with a stock accountant named Fernando, with whom she was a couple until 2016. Since 2017, she has been in a relationship with Cecilio Flematti, whom she married on November 29, 2019.

Paso Internacional Los Libertadores

The Paso Internacional Los Libertadores, also called "Cristo Redentor" is a border crossing in the Andes Mountains between Argentina and Chile. It is the main route between Los Andes, Valparaíso Region, (Chile) and the province of Mendoza, (Argentina), in addition to allowing the passage of heavy vehicles between both countries.

On the Argentine side, the access road has a slight incline until it finally enters a tunnel at 3,500 meters above sea level. The Chilean side has a large number of curves to save the steep slope.

To avoid a possible collapse of the border crossing in the event of a prolonged disabling of the main tunnel, the construction of two new tunnels has been proposed. The first is the Juan Pablo II Tunnel, which would be built 20 km from the current one at a height of 2,250 meters above sea level and would have a length of 27.2 km. This tunnel would join the towns of Horcones in Argentina, and Juncal in Chile.

The other proposed tunnel, called Paso Las Leñas, would be built at 2,050 meters above sea level and would have a length of 13 km; uniting the commune of Machalí in Chile, with the town of El Sosneado, near San Rafael, in Argentina.


Altitude sickness

Altitude sickness is the harmful effect of high altitude. The mildest form is known as acute mountain sickness (AMS)
It is caused by rapid exposure to low amounts of oxygen at high elevation.
The severity of the disorder is related to the speed of ascent and the altitude reached. These symptoms disappear when going to lower altitudes. It occurs from 2,500 meters in altitude, up to the so-called "death zone" at 7,500 meters in altitude.
The main cause is hypoxia (lack of oxygen in the body). Atmospheric pressure decreases with height, which affects the bio-availability of oxygen, since the pulmonary alveoli are not capable of transporting the same amount of oxygen to the blood as in a situation of higher pressure. Although it is known that hypoxia is the cause of this problem, the exact mechanism by which it causes it is still unknown.

The amount of oxygen available to sustain mental and psychological attention decreases as altitude increases. The availability of oxygen and nitrogen, as well as their density, decrease with increasing altitude.
Dehydration due to accelerated loss of water vapor due to altitude can lead to symptoms of altitude sickness. The speed with which one ascends, the initial height, physical activity, as well as individual susceptibility are factors that contribute to this discomfort.
Altitude sickness can be prevented by climbing slowly. In most cases, symptoms are temporary and usually reduce as altitude acclimatization occurs. However, in extreme cases, altitude sickness can be fatal.


Essen (Oldenburg)

Essen (Oldenburg) is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is on the river Hase, about north of Quakenbrück and southwest of Cloppenburg.

Essen has the following villages: Addrup, Ahausen, Barlage, Bartmannsholte, Beverdiek, Bevern, Bokel, Brokstreek, Calhorn, Darrel, Essen proper, Felde, Gut Lage, Herbergen, Hülsenmoor, Nordholte, Osteressen, Sandloh and Uptloh.

Addrup

Addrup is a village in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Addrup borders the villages of Gut Lage, Uptloh, Bevern, Calhorn and Stadtsholte within the Essen (Oldenburg) municipality. To the east, Addrup borders Lüsche in Bakum in Vechta. Being on the border of the districts of Cloppenburg and Vechta, Addrup is in the center of the Oldenburg Münsterland.


Friesoythe

Friesoythe (Saterland Frisian: "Ait" or "Äit") is a town in Cloppenburg, Lower Saxony, Germany, on the river Soeste, northwest of Cloppenburg, and southwest of Oldenburg.


Garrel

Garrel is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 15 km north of Cloppenburg, and 25 km southwest of Oldenburg.

Lastrup

Lastrup is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 15 km southwest of Cloppenburg.

Lindern

Lindern is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 20 km west of Cloppenburg.

Löningen

Löningen () is a town in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany. The town is on the river Hase, about 25 km southwest of Cloppenburg.

Molbergen

Molbergen is a municipality in Cloppenburg, in Lower Saxony, Germany, about west of Cloppenburg.

Looney Tunes: Rabbits Run

Looney Tunes: Rabbits Run is a 2015 American animated direct-to-video adventure comedy movie.
It is based on The Looney Tunes Show, produced by Warner Bros. Animation. It is the first new Looney Tunes direct-to-video movie in nine years since Bah, Humduck! A Looney Tunes Christmas. The movie was directed by Van Partible, a creator on Johnny Bravo and storyboard supervisor on Looney Tunes: Back in Action & writer for Mike Lu & Og. He was also a director on the 2011 TV series, The Looney Tunes Show. 
It was released on August 4, 2015 by Warner Home Video, but it was released early on July 7, 2015 on Vudu and Walmart.

Bethen

Bethen is a small town on the edge of the German city Cloppenburg in Lower Saxony. It is a Marian shrine, as such first mentioned in 1448.

Scharrel

Scharrel (Saterland Frisian: Skäddel) is a village and former municipality in Lower Saxony. In 1974 the until then independent municipality became part of the newly formed municipality of Saterland in Cloppenburg.


Bophuthatswana

Bophuthatswana, officially called the Republic of Bophuthatswana, was a Bantustan that became independent from South Africa during Apartheid, but like other Bantustans, only South Africa recognised its independence. The official languages were Setswana, English and Afrikaans.


Lefatshe leno la bo-rrarona

Lefatshe Leno la Bo-Rrarona was the national anthem of Bophuthatswana, a Bantustan that was recognised as independent by South Africa during Apartheid. It is stated as the national anthem in the Constitution of Bophuthatswana.

Arensch

Arensch is a local part of Cuxhaven, a town in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Döse

Döse (Low German: "Döös") the northernmost town in Lower Saxony, Germany at the point where the River Elbe flows into the North Sea. It is a borough of the city Cuxhaven and a popular seaside resort. Döse is west of Grimmershörn in the borough of Cuxhaven and is one of the tourist centres of the region of Cuxland.

Armstorf

Armstorf is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Belum

Belum is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Beverstedt

Beverstedt is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 20 km southeast of Bremerhaven, and 40 km north of Bremen.

Beverstedt was the seat of the former "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") Beverstedt. 

Beverstedt (Samtgemeinde)

Beverstedt is a former "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its seat was in the town Beverstedt. It was disbanded on 1 November 2011, when its municipalities combined into the municipality Beverstedt.

The collective municipality Beverstedt had the following municipalities:

Appeln

Appeln is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Altes Amt Ebstorf

Altes Amt Ebstorf is a former "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") in Uelzen, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its seat was in the village Ebstorf. At the 1 November 2011 local government reform, the collective municipality Bevensen and Altes Amt Ebstorf combined to form the new collective municipality Bevensen-Ebstorf.

The collective municipality Altes Amt Ebstorf had the following municipalities:



Am Dobrock

Am Dobrock is a former "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is near the convergence of the rivers Oste and Elbe, about 25 km east of Cuxhaven, and 15 km south of Brunsbüttel. Its seat is in the village Cadenberge. On 1 November 2016 it was combined into the collective municipality Land Hadeln.

The collective municipality Am Dobrock had the following municipalities:


Zeppelin (movie)

Zeppelin is a 1971 British World War I action adventure drama movie directed by Étienne Périer and starring Michael York, Elke Sommer, Peter Carsten, Marius Goring, Anton Diffring, Andrew Keir, Rupert Davies, Alexandra Stewart, Clive Morton. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and is rated PG in New Zealand.


Martin Fierro Awards

The Martín Fierro Awards are the television and radio awards in Argentina, organized by the Argentine Association of Television and Radio Journalists (APTRA).

Since its first edition in 1959, the Martín Fierro awards have been considered the most relevant and recognized awards for Argentine television and radio within the country.

They were given for the first time in 1959. In addition, prizes are awarded to the best of cable television and to the best of the interior of the country. Likewise, since 2018, the Martín Fierro Digital Awards have been awarded, which reward content creators on digital platforms. 

The ceremony, which takes place every year, is usually accompanied by a dinner, and brings together celebrities and stars of the Argentine show business. Most of the broadcasts were made live, achieving high audience levels and also controversies that reverberated before, during and after the event.

WWE 2K20

WWE 2K20 is a professional wrestling video game based on WWE 2K. It was released on March 12, 2019.

WWE 2K19

WWE 2K19 is a professional wrestling video game based on WWE 2K. It was released on October 5, 2018.

WWE 2K18

WWE 2K18 is a professional wrestling video game based on WWE 2K. It was released on October 6, 2017.

WWE 2K17

WWE 2K17 is a professional wrestling video game based on WWE 2K. It was released on October 7, 2016.

WWE '13

WWE '13 is a professional wrestling video game based on WWE 2K. It was released on July 20, 2012.

The Key (1983 movie)

The Key () is a 1983 Italian erotic drama movie directed by Tinto Brass and was based on the 1956 novel of the same name by Junichiro Tanizaki. It stars Frank Finlay, Stefania Sandrelli, Barbara Cupisti, Ricky Tognazzi, Ugo Tognazzi.

Unseptbium

Unseptbium is a hypothetical chemical element with atomic number 172. Based on the trends of the periodic table, it would likely be a noble gas. It has the symbol Usb.

The O2 Arena

The O2 Arena, also known as the O2, is an indoor arena in the centre of the O2 entertainment center on the Greenwich Peninsula in southeast London. It opened in 2007. It has the second-highest seating capacity of any indoor venue in the United Kingdom.

Neila Tavares

Neila Tavares (18 September 1948 – 4 June 2022) was a Brazilian actress, television presenter and journalist. She was born in Niterói, Brazil. Tavares began her career in 1968. She was known for her roles in telenovelas such as "Anjo Mau" and "Gabriela". She retired from acting in 2013. She also worked as a presenter for Rede Manchete and TVE Brasil. 

Tavares died from emphysema on 4 June 2022 in Rio das Ostras, Brazil at the age of 73.

Rio das Ostras

Rio das Ostras (, ) is a city in the Brazilian state of Rio de Janeiro.

Eiko Kaneta

Eiko Kaneta ( "Kaneta Eikō"; 30 December 1942 – 17 June 2022) was a Japanese politician. He was a member of the Liberal Democratic Party. He was in the House of Representatives from 1993 to 2005. Kaneta was born in Asahikawa, Japan.

Kaneta died in Tokyo, Japan on 17 June 2022 from heart failure at the age of 79.

Michael C. Stenger

Michael C. Stenger (1950/1951 – June 27, 2022) was an American law enforcement officer. He was the 41st Sergeant at Arms of the United States Senate from April 16, 2018, to January 7, 2021. He resigned after a mob of Donald Trump supporters attacked the United States Capitol. Before, he was a United States Secret Service agent.

Stenger died on June 27, 2022 at the age of 71.

Enyobeni Tavern disaster

On 26 June 2022, at least 21 people died during a celebration at the Enyobeni Tavern, a nightclub in East London, Eastern Cape, South Africa. Four more people were injured. No causes of death have been found.

Cause of death

In law, medicine, and statistics, cause of death is the official reason that caused a human's death, which may be recorded on a death certificate. A cause of death is done by a medical examiner. The cause of death is a specific disease or injury, instead of manner of death which is a small number of categories like "natural", "accident", "suicide", and "homicide". 

East London, Eastern Cape

East London (; ) is a city on the southeast coast of South Africa. It is in the Eastern Cape province. The city lies on the Indian Ocean coast. In 2011, East London had a population of over 267,000.

2022 Kremenchuk missile strike

On 27 June 2022, missiles from the Russian Armed Forces were fired into central Kremenchuk in Poltava Oblast, hitting the Amstor shopping mall and the Kredmash road machinery plant. The attack killed at least 20 people and injured at least 56. A three-day period of official mourning was declared in the city.

Russia's defence ministry officially said they were reponsible for the attack, saying that they hit a weapons depot in a nearby factory and that the detonation of munitions caused the fire to spread to the shopping centre. 
On June 29, the United Kingdom's Defence ministry said that it is possible that the missile was not aimed at the mall, but that is was intended to hit a nearby infrastructure target.
Russian media and officials carried conflicting stories about the attack. Those claims were found to be false by multiple organizations.

2022 Missouri train derailment

On June 27, 2022, the "Southwest Chief", a passenger train operated by Amtrak, derailed near the small town of Mendon, Missouri. This was caused by the train hitting a dump truck that was in the way of a railroad crossing near Mendon.

The train was travelling from Los Angeles to Chicago, with stops. 243 passengers and 12 crew members were onboard. Three deaths have been reported, two onboard the train and the truck driver, along with at least 50 injuries.

Dump truck

A dump truck, known also as a dumping truck, dump trailer, dumper trailer, dump lorry or dumper lorry or a dumper for short, is a truck-like vehicle used for transporting dirt, gravel, or waste for construction.

Varinder Singh

Varinder Singh (16 May 1947 – 28 June 2022) was an Indian field hockey player. He won a bronze medal at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. He also competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics. Singh was born in Jalandhar, then-British Raj.

Singh died on 28 June 2022 at a private hospital in Jalandhar at the age of 75.

The Journey of Natty Gann

The Journey of Natty Gann is a 1985 American family adventure movie directed by Jeremy Paul Kagan and starring Meredith Salenger, John Cusack, Ray Wise, Lainie Kazan, Scatman Crothers, Barry Miller, Garry Chalk, Bruce Boa. It was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.


Loincloth

A loincloth is a piece of cloth or leather that covers the gentitals, and sometimes the buttocks. Usually, it is held in place by piece of string or a belt. Loincloths have been used all over the world. A G-string is a modern version of a loincloth. 

Like a Rock

Like a Rock is the thirteenth studio album by Bob Seger. The album was released on April 14, 1986.

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – 80 metres hurdles

The 80 metres hurdles at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, from 6-8 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 80 metres hurdles event.
Note that there are some discrepancies with those names and the names listed in newspapers during the competition. Gold medal winner Maj Jakobsson and British Cornell are not on the published enterants overview.

The heats took place on 6 September 1930.

The semi-finals took place on Sunday 7 September, with bad weather conditions. The top two athletes of each semi-final qualified for the final.

8 September
Sources:

Sphaenorhynchus prasinus

Bokermann's lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus prasinus") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

Instinctive drowning response

The instinctive drowning response is a reaction humans have when they are close to drowning. The response is more common in non-swimmers. 
It is focused on trying to keep the mouth above water to without using too much effort, and trying to signal for help

Elthorne Park High School

Elthorne park high school is a english secondary school located in Ealing, London. It is home to many students ranging from year 7 to a 6th form.

Cüneyt Arkın

Fahrettin Cüreklibatır (7 September 1937 – 28 June 2022), better known by his stage name Cüneyt Arkın, was a Turkish movie actor, director, producer and martial artist. He was known for his movie roles in "The Mine", "Dünyayı Kurtaran Adam" and "Paramparça". Having starred in more 300 movies and television series, he is widely considered one of the most prominent Turkish actors of all time. In his roles, Arkın did all of his dangerous stunts often without safety equipment and was injured many times. Arkın was born in Odunpazarı, a district in the city of Eskişehir, Turkey.

Arkın died on 28 June 2022 from cardiac arrest at a hospital in Istanbul, Turkey at the age of 84.

Fina García Marruz

Josefina García-Marruz Badía (28 April 1923 – 27 June 2022), also known as Fina García Marruz, was a Cuban poet and literary researcher. García Marruz was born in Havana, Cuba. She won the National Prize for Literature in 1990. She also won the Pablo Neruda Ibero-American Poetry Award (2007), and the Reina Sofía de Poesía Iberoamericana (2011). 

García Marruz died on 27 June 2022 in Havana at the age of 99.


Natalka Sniadanko

Natalka Volodymyrivna Sniadanko () is a Ukrainian writer, journalist, and translator. She translates texts from German and Polish into Ukrainian. In 2011, Natalka won the Joseph Conrad Korzeniowski Literary Prize in 2011.

Ivan Gel

Ivan Gel (July 17, 1937, Klitsko (today Lviv Raion) – March 16, 2011) is a Ukrainian politician and dissident. He was a cofounder and a member of the Ukrainian Helsinki Group. Gel was an active participant in public and political life. He is an author of the book "Faces of Culture" about Ukrainian culture under the Russian occupation.

Petro Bolbochan

Petro Bolbochan (October 5, 1883, Yarivka village, Chernivtsi Oblast - June 28, 1919, Balyn village, Khmelnytskyi Oblast) is Ukrainian military figure, colonel of the Army of the Ukrainian People's Republic. From November 1918 to January 1919, Bolbochan was the Defense of Northeastern Ukraine. During the First World War he was an officer of the 38th Tobolsk Regiment.

Hennadii Vatsak

Vatsak Hennadiy (born February 9, 1972, Mohyliv-Podilskyi, Vinnytsia Oblast, Ukrainian SSR) is a Ukrainian businessman and philanthropist. He owns the "Vacak" Confectionery House. In 2015, he was elected as a deputy of the Vinnytsia Regional Council from the Petro Poroshenko Bloc. He served as the Secretary of the Standing Committee of the Regional Council on Legality. Vatsak Hennadiy was Deputy of Ukraine of the IX convocation. He was a member of the deputy group "For the Future". 

Kite (brand)

Kite is a brand of backpacks and stationery. The company founded in 2007. The range includes more than 190 models of backpacks. They are made children's preschool backpacks, orthopedic school backpacks, backpacks for the city, sports bags are made.

Mamamusic

Mamamusic is a Ukrainian record label. Yurii Nikitin privately owned and operated the company. Now Mamamusic supports Verka Serdyuchka, Olha Horbachova, KAZKA band, Roxolana.

OWOX

OWOX  is a Ukrainian software company. The team creates a web analytics and business intelligence products and services. Vladyslav Flaks is the CEO of OWOX.

Lifecell

lifecell is a Ukrainian mobile telephone network operator. The company is a branch of Turkcell. Lifecell's dialing prefixes are +38063, +38093 and +38073.

István Tóth

István-Elod Tóth (born 1951) is a former Hungarian Olympian. He won the silver medal in wrestling, at the Olympic Games in Moscow, 1980. He was World Champion in 1979 and 1981.

Laughing gull

The laughing gull ("Leucophaeus atricilla") is a type of gull in North and South America. Laughing gulls are omnivores, they eat plants and animals. 

The laughing gull breeds on the Atlantic coast of North America, the Caribbean, and northern parts of South America. 

Bokel, Lower Saxony

Bokel is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Spennymoor

Spennymoor is a town in Tyne and Wear.


Frelsdorf

Frelsdorf is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Heerstedt

Heerstedt is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Hollen

Hollen is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Kirchwistedt

Kirchwistedt is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Lunestedt

Lunestedt is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Osterndorf

Osterndorf is a town in the collective municipality of Beverstedt, in Cuxhaven, Lower Saxony, Germany.

Stubben

Stubben is a village and a former municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2011, it is part of the municipality Beverstedt.

Bülkau

Bülkau is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Second Hellenic Republic

The Second Hellenic Republic was a Greek republic. It existed between 1924 and 1935. The republic was founded after the fall of the Kingdom of Greece.

Tessa Gordon

Tessa Gordon (born 27 January 1967) is a Trinidad and Tobago-born Canadian taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport, in the welterweight event. She won a bronze medal at the 1987 World Taekwondo Championships.

At the 1987 World Taekwondo Championships she won the bronze medal and at the Pan American Taekwondo Championships she won the gold medal in 1986 and the silver medal in 1988.


Amparo Dols

Amparo Dols (born 25 July 1968 Valencia) is a Spanish taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, finishing third in the Featherweight division, where taekwondo was a demonstration sport,

She won a bronze medal at the 1988 European Taekwondo Championships in the –55 kg category.

The Hurt Locker

The Hurt Locker is 2008 American war thriller movie directed by Kathryn Bigelow. It stars Jeremy Renner, Anthony Mackie, Brian Geraghty, Christian Camargo, Ralph Fiennes, David Morse, and Guy Pearce. The movie is set in the Iraq War and is about an Explosive Ordnance Disposal team. The movie was a major critical success. Many critics consider it the best movie of 2009 and one of the best films of the 2000s. The movie is part of the National Film Registry of the Library of Congress. 

It is the year 2004 during the Iraq War. Sergeant First Class William James replaces Matthew Thompson, who died from an improvised explosive device (IED). William leads an explosive ordnance disposal (EOD) team to disarm bombs and explosives. Sergeant J. T. Sanborn and Specialist Owen Eldridge are also on the team. There are 38 days left on their job to disarm bombs. 

James becomes friends with an Iraqi child called Beckham, who sells him DVDs. The other team members think that William is reckless with the bombs. Once, James goes back for his gloves near the bomb. Tension develops. Sanborn considers killing William with the explosives. The team meets British mercenaries and private military contractors. They have two prisoners. Together they are attacked. The prisoners try to escape but are shot. 

At a warehouse, William finds a body of a boy. There is a bomb in the body. He thinks it is Beckham. The team evacuates the warehouse, but Lieutenant Colonel John Cambridge dies in an explosion. He is a psychiatrist and friend of Eldridge. James tries to find the one responsible for the boy's death. His team splits up, and Eldridge is captured. Eldridge is rescued but shot in the leg. The next day, James meets Beckham but does not talk. Eldridge is taken to surgery and blames James. James and Sanborn have to disarm a bomb on a man two days later. James cannot rescue the man, and the man explodes with the bomb. Sanborn says he cannot stand it anymore and wants to go home to his family. 

After the end of their rotation, James returns to his ex-wife Connie and his son. He is bored and prefers to disarm bombs. He starts another line of duty that is now 365 days. 


The movie had very positive reviews. It has a 97% on Rotten Tomatoes. Critics found the movie to the gripping, intense and full of suspense. Roger Ebert rated it the best film of 2009 and second best movie of the decade. It made the top ten lists of many movie critics. Critics praised Jeremy Renner for his acting and Kathryn Bigelow as director. Veterans criticized that the movie was inaccurate in portraying the Army. The movie had nine nominations at the 82nd Academy Awards. It won the following six: Best Picture, Best Director, Best Original Screenplay, Best Sound Editing, Best Sound Mixing, and Best Film Editing. "The Hurt Locker" was nominated for three Golden Globe Awards. Kathryn Bigelow won several awards for directing including a BAFTA Award, Washington D.C. Area Film Critics Association Award for Best Director, and Best Director Award from Chicago, Boston, Las Vegas, Los Angeles and New York' film critics groups. 

North Sea Empire

The North Sea Empire was a union with England, Denmark, and Norway. It lasted between 1013 and 1042.

Kandhkot

Kandhkot is the city and tehsil in Kashmore district in the Sindh province of Pakistan. It is 98th largest city of Pakistan.

Poste Italiane

Poste Italiane (English: "Italian Post") is an Italian postal service. In addition to postal services, the company provides logistics, financial and insurance services throughout Italy.

An organization dealing with postal services in Italy was founded in 1862. This was a consequence of the postal reform. In 1996, Poste Italiane became a state-owned business ("Società per Azioni"). In February 1998, the Ministry of the Treasury appointed Corrado Passera, as the CEO of the newly formed Poste Italiane. In 2011, Poste Italiane acquired UniCredit MedioCredito Centrale. In 2014, the Italian government approved the sale of 40% of the company's shares. In 2016, another 35% of shares were transferred from the ministry to Cassa Depositi e Prestiti.

Nici Mür

Nici W. Mür (born 1900s) was a Dutch sprinter and discus thrower in the 1920s. She was a member of Hygiëa, The Hague and the national team.

Her earliest national level competition was at the 1925 Dutch national championships where she won with her club the silver medal in the 4x 80 metres relay. In 1926 she became Dutch national champion in the 4x 100 metres.

In 1927, after good individual performance at the district champhinships, she became a week later national champion in the discus throw event. At the national championships Mür also became for the second consecutive year Dutch national champion in the 4x 100 metres together with Martha Kolthof, Willy Hamerslag and Nettie Grooss with a time of 55 seconds.

In the reports of her national discus throw title it was somehow criticized that het trow was over four meters below the national record. She showed in September 1927 she was a good discus thrower, throwing 24.11 metres in an out of competition record attempt, beating the old record of Martha Kolthof. For her record she received a special prize. While newspapers reported it as a new national record, the record was not recognized by the Dutch athletics federation.

Mür represented the Netherlands at two international competitions. She competed at the international competition against Belgium. She also competed at the international tournament against Germany in Dortmund. Only a few women’s events were included at the 1928 Summer Olympics. The Netherlands could only send a limited amount of athletes. Mür was a reserve athlete and didn’t compete at the Games.

On of her last competitions, was the 1929 regional championships where she won the discus throw event.

My Little Pony: Equestria Girls - Rainbow Rocks

My Little Pony: Equestria Girls - Rainbow Rocks, simply known as Rainbow Rocks, is a 2014 flash animated fantasy musical movie based on Hasbro's toy line and media franchise, which is a spin-off of the 2010 relaunch of My LIttle Pony.

National Geographic Channel Korea (American TV channel)

National Geographic Korea was an American Korean language television channel. The channel began in 2009 and ended in 2022.

Grammarly

Grammarly is a Ukrainian-American online text editor based on artificial intelligence. The editor checks spelling, grammar, punctuation and other mistakes. Established in 2009 by Ukrainians Alex Shevchenko, Max Lytvyn, and Dmytro Lider. In 2018, Grammarly launched the beta version. As of 2022, it is available as a browser extension. The company is headquartered in San Francisco, California, USA. The company's offices are located in Kyiv, New York and Vancouver.

Joe Aillet Stadium

Joe Aillet Stadium (formerly Louisiana Tech Stadium) is a college football stadium in Ruston, Louisiana and the home field of the Louisiana Tech University Bulldogs football team, which competes in Conference USA. The football stadium replaced the original Tech Stadium where the school's football program played its home games on campus until 1967.

Netguru

Netguru is a Polish software company. Its headquarters is in Poznań, Poland. The company was three times in Deloitte's Technology Fast 50 Central Europe ranking, and twice on the "FT 1000," the Financial Times list of fastest-growing companies in Europe. 

The company was founded in 2008 by Wiktor Schmidt, Jakub Filipowski, and Adam Zygadlewicz. In 2014, Netguru moved into Israel and the Middle East markets. In 2015, the company joined the London fintech community. In 2018, Netguru reached an annual turnover of about PLN 80 million. In 2019, Netguru's chief operating officer Marek Talarczyk became the company's new CEO.

Louisiana Scholars' College

The Louisiana Scholars' College at Northwestern State University, or "Scholars' College" as it is known by its students and faculty, is Louisiana's only designated four-year, selective-admissions honors college in the liberal arts and sciences.

Polskie Górnictwo Naftowe i Gazownictwo

PGNiG or Polskie Górnictwo Naftowe i Gazownictwo (English: Polish Oil Mining and Gas Extraction) is a Polish oil and gas company. PGNiG is controlled by the state. The company headquartered in Warsaw, Poland. PGNiG is listed on the Warsaw Stock Exchange. 

PGNiG was established in 1982. In 1996, the company was transformed into a joint-stock company. In 2004, it became Sp (Spółka Akcyjna). In 2011, PGNiG purchased 99.8% of Vattenfall Heat Poland's assets. In 2018, PGNiG signed a contract with Cheniere Marketing International. In 2021, PGNiG was ranked №58 in the Arctic Environmental Responsibility Index (AERI).

Islanders

Islanders may mean:


Fire Country

Fire Country is an American drama television series created by Max Thieriot that is set to air on CBS on October 7, 2022. The series is produced by CBS Studios and Universal Television, with Thieriot, Tony Phelan, and Joan Rater serving as executive producers.

In "Fire Country", seeking redemption and a shortened prison sentence, young convict Bode Donovan (Thieriot) joins a firefighting program that returns him to his small Northern California hometown, where he and other inmates work alongside elite firefighters to extinguish massive blazes across the region.


Fire Country was created by Max Thieriot. On November 15, 2021, the show was put into development at CBS, with Thieriot serving as executive producer. Tony Phelan and Joan Rater were also announced as executive producers. On February 4, 2022, it was officially ordered to pilot. Shooting for the pilot took place from March to April 2022, in Vancouver, Canada. It was directed by James Strong.

On May 12, 2022, "Fire Country" was officially picked up to series.

Casting for the main cast started in February 2022 with Max Thieriot, and ended with Jules Latimer. 


Courtesy name

In East Asia, a courtesy name () is a name given to a person when they become an adult. It is also known as a style name. Today, not many Chinese people have courtesy names.

Castle Keep

Castle Keep is a 1969 American World War II comedy-drama movie directed by Sydney Pollack and was based on the 1965 novel of the same name by William Eastlake. It stars Burt Lancaster, Patrick O'Neal, Jean-Pierre Aumont, Peter Falk, Scott Wilson, Tony Bill, James Patterson, Bruce Dern, Michael Conrad and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Alexi Giannoulias

Alexander Giannoulias ( ; born March 16, 1976) is an American financier and politician who is the Illinois Secretary of State. Giannoulias ran as the Democratic nominee for Secretary of State in 2022. He was the 72nd Illinois Treasurer from 2007 to 2011. He is a Democrat.

He was a candidate in the 2010 elections for the United States Senate, but lost to Republican Mark Kirk.

Waqas Ahmed (Norwegian cricketer)

Waqas Ahmed was born 9 June, 1991 in Oslo. He is a Norwegian cricketer who plays Twenty20 Internationals for Norway.

Jonathan Jackson (Illinois politician)

Jonathan Luther Jackson (born January 7, 1966) is an American Democratic politician, business professor, businessman and social justice activist. He was the national spokesman for the Rainbow/PUSH Coalition. His father is activist Jesse Jackson. He is the member of the United States House of Representatives for Illinois's 1st congressional district since 2023.

2022 Melilla incident

On June 24, 2022, at least 37 migrants were killed at the during an issue with Moroccan and Spanish security forces. Issues broke out as between 500 and 2,000 people gathered in the early hours of the day to cross the border with Spain.

The incident happened in the morning when around 2,000 migrants crossing from Morocco tried to attack and break through the Melilla border fence. Security forces from both nations managed to stop the crowd. But they resulted in violent fighting with the migrants lasting for two hours. Spanish and Moroccan officials said that migrants had assaulted their border guards with weapons and they had to fight back in self-defense. According to authorities, fleeing migrants trampled over each other causing a human stampede and killing several people. Several other migrants fell from the fence onto the ground. At least 18 migrants were killed, five of them died during the crossing attempt and thirteen of them died from their injuries in the hospital. Morocco said that at least 63 other migrants had injuries and that 140 Moroccan officers had been hurt, five seriously, and 49 were lightly injured. The Moroccan Association for Human Rights said that 29 migrants had been killed, while 133 people managed to cross the fence. A number of from Spain to Morocco took place. An called Walking Borders estimated at least 37 killed. NGOs also reported that two Moroccan gendarmes were killed.

Prime Minister of Spain Pedro Sánchez said that the incident was a "well-organized, violent assault" by organized crime groups and thanked Spanish and Moroccan security forces for their actions.

Sidi Salem cemetery operators prepared several graves where the Moroccan authorities plan to bury the deceased.

Among the detainees held in custody in , a group of 32 people with the most serious offences were charged by the Moroccan public prosecutor's office. They were charged with "organizing and facilitating the clandestine entry and exit of people to and from Morocco on a regular basis", kidnapping and retention of a civil servant to use them as a hostage, setting a fire in the forest, and insults and violence against Moroccan law enforcement agents. Another group of 33 detainees were charged with minor offences.

Faced with the informative silence throughout the day of the events and the leaking of videos and photographs of several unconscious, neglected, bloody, crowded and dead migrants in police custody, the situation took on a lot of international media coverage. The Prime Minister of the , () justified the intervention and pointed out that “it is necessary to recognize the extraordinary work that the Moroccan Government has done in coordination with the security forces of the State of Spain for try to avoid a violent assault, it has been well-resolved by the two security forces", in addition to recognizing and thanking" the importance of having with a strategic partner such as Morocco "and pointing out the mafias as the only culprits of the events that occurred". Several of the actions condemned by human rights organizations have also occurred in Spanish jurisdiction and not only in Morocco, as initially pointed out. The denied in statements to that it knew anything about this matter. According to Moroccan police sources, it was an action measured "by the use of very violent methods" by migrants and that they died "only by the avalanche of people" while crossing it.

Algerian President publicly accused Morocco of having committed "a carnage" in Melilla. President-elect of Colombia expressed his solidarity with the families of the "massacred victims". He also reaffirmed his commitment "to all African peoples fighting hunger and for life." Due to media pressure, the convened an emergency meeting with representatives of African states to justify the actions alleging the violence by migrants when crossing the prison. In the case of the European Commission, its spokeswoman for Foreign Affairs and Security, , postulated that the European authorities had contacted the Moroccans to try to understand the event, but avoided demanding any report or research commission.

10 NGOs requested the identification and return of the remains to their families instead of a swift burial in the Sidi Salem cemetery near Nador.

On June 26, hundreds of people demonstrated in Madrid, Barcelona and other Spanish cities against the "massacre" of at least 37 migrants. They asked for explanations for what happened, both from the Spanish and the Moroccan governments.

On June 27, the African Union Commission called for an investigation into the Melilla tragedy.

2022 Aqaba toxic gas leak

On 27 June 2022, a toxic gas leak happened at the Port of Aqaba in Aqaba, Jordan. A container carrying 25 tons of chlorine fell from a crane onto a docked ship and leaked. The incident killed at least fourteen people and injured more than 265.

2022 San Antonio trailer deaths

On June 27, 2022, 51 bodies were found in and around a tractor-trailer near Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio, Texas, United States. The deaths happened during an illegal immigrant smuggling attempt in South Texas. It is the deadliest smuggling incident of its kind in American history.

Three people have been taken into custody.

Colin Blakemore

Sir Colin Blakemore, , Hon (1 June 1944 – 27 June 2022) was a British neurobiologist. His works focused in vision and the development of the brain. 

He was Yeung Kin Man Professor of Neuroscience and Senior Fellow of the Hong Kong Institute for Advanced Study, City University of Hong Kong. He was an Emeritus Professor of Neuroscience at the University of Oxford. 

He was called by "The Observer" as both "one of the most powerful scientists in the UK" and "a hate figure for the animal rights movement" for his support of animal testing in science.

Dennis Egan

Dennis William Egan (March 3, 1947 – June 28, 2022) was an American politician. He was a member of the Alaska Senate representing Juneau from 2009 to 2019. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was the Mayor of Juneau from 1995 to 2000. Before politics, he was a radio broadcaster for KINY. Egan was born in Juneau. 

Egan died on June 28, 2022 in Salem, Oregon at the age of 75.

Katja Husen

Katja Husen (12 June 1976 – 28 June 2022) was a Turkish-born German biologist and politician. She was a member of Alliance 90/The Greens. She was in the Hamburg Parliament from 2004 to 2008. Husen was born in Istanbul, Turkey.

Husen died after falling off her bike in Bayrischzell, Germany on 28 June 2022 at the age of 46.

Hichem Rostom

Hichem Rostom (26 May 1947 – 28 June 2022) was a Tunisian actor and theatre director. He has appeared in more than 70 movies. His career began in 1987. He was known for his role in "Golden Horseshoes" (1989). 

Rostom died on June 28, 2022 in Tunis, Tunisia at the age of 75.


Ryuzo Sasaki

Sasaki died on 28 June 2022 from problems caused by a heart attack at a Fukui hospital, aged 65.

Rolf Skoglund

Rolf Fredrik Skoglund (11 August 1940 – 28 June 2022) was a Swedish actor. He won the Eugene O'Neill Award in 2007. He was known for his roles in "Vi hade i alla fall tur med vädret", "Fångarna på fortet" and "Jönssonligan spelar högt". Skoglund was born in Stockholm, Sweden. His career began in 1963 and he retired in 2021.

Skoglund died on 28 Junee 2022 at his home in Stockholm from non-Hodgkin lymphoma at the age of 81.

Summer of '42

Summer of '42 is a 1971 American teen romantic drama movie directed by Robert Mulligan and starring Jennifer O'Neill, Gary Grimes, Jerry Houser, Christopher Norris, Lou Frizzell. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and won an Academy Award in 1972 and was nominated for 3 Oscars.


Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – 4 × 100 metres relay

The 4 × 100 metres relay at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, from 7 to 8 September.

The heats took place on Sunday 7 September as the last event of the day, with bad weather conditions. The top two nations of each heat qualified for the final.
The final took place on 8 September 1930.
Sources:

The names in "italic" are highly likely the runners of these nations, as these sprinters are the nations' main 100 metres athletes at the Games.

2022 Ecuadorian protests

A series of protests against the economic policies of Ecuadorian president Guillermo Lasso, caused by increasing fuel and food prices, began on 13 June 2022. The protests are being led by Indigenous activists such as members of the Confederation of Indigenous Nationalities of Ecuador (CONAIE). The protests have been joined by students and workers. Lasso declared a state of emergency and later extended it on 22 June. The protests have caused food and fuel shortages as protestors have blocked exits and entries to the country's capital of Quito. The protest ended on 30 June 2022 after a government deal was made.

Quell and Co.

Quell and Co. is a 1982 American German Mexican western movie directed by William Witney (his final film) who also stars. It is also known as "Showdown at Eagle Gap".


Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – 60 metres

The 60 metres at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, from 6 to 7 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the 800 metres events.

The heats took place on 6 September 1930.

The semi-finals took also place on 6 September 1930. The first two persons of each semi-final qualified for the final

The final of the 60 metres event took place on Sunday 7 September, with bad weather conditions.

Media Center Ukraine

Media Center Ukraine (Ukrainian: Медіацентр Україна) is a civic initiative that gives support and advice to media covering events. The Media Center has a platform for organizing and hosting important news events. Numerous Ukrainian and foreign media talked about Media Center Ukraine. For example, The New York Times, Rolling Stone, TSN, Hindustan News Hub, ArmyInform, etc.

Media Center Ukraine was founded in March 2022 by media professionals, the government, and the business community. Their aims is representing information about the Russo-Ukrainian War.

The first site of Media Center Ukraine was opened in Lviv. Later, similar sites were set up in Kyiv and Kharkiv.

Patron (dog)

Patron (; born 2019) is a detection dog of the State Emergency Service of Ukraine. He is a Jack Russell Terrier. He found bombs in the Chernihiv, Ukraine. He was awarded the Medal for Dedicated Service, in May 2022. He catch out 236 unexploded Russian explosive devices during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. He became famous from a video on Facebook.

On 27 May 2022, Patron was awarded the Palm Dog Award for its work at the Cannes Film Festival.

Meta History: Museum of War

Meta History: Museum of War is a NFT-museum. It was created by the Ukrainian crypto community and supported by the Ministry of Digital Transformation of Ukraine. The project covers the chronology of the events of the Russian military invasion of Ukraine. The museum team want to share truthful information about the war to the global digital community, and raise money to support Ukraine. The funds are planned to be used to restore Ukrainian museums and theaters. They were damaged by the Russian occupiers.

TIS-Grain

TIS-Grain (Ukrainian "ТІС-Зерно") is the largest grain terminal in Ukraine, a national leader in grain transshipment.

TIS-Grain is owned by TIS-Grain LLC, founded in 1999. Oleksiy Fedorychev is the founder and owner of 100% of the shares. Ihor Chobitko is the director of the terminal. The terminal is in the waters of the port "South", northeast of Odessa. Occupies a land plot of 14 hectares. The specialization of the terminal is transshipment of grain cargoes in the port "Southern"; storage of grain in warehouses.

Kormotech

Kormotech LLC (Ukrainian ТОВ «Кормоте́х») is a Ukrainian company, the largest producer of pet food in Ukraine. Production facilities are in the village of Prylbychi, Yavoriv district, Lviv region.

As of 2019, the company has about 650 employees. Products are exported to 19 countries.

Kormotech LLC produces under four brands:


Meest

Meest is an international postal and logistics operator. It delivers of all types of items. Meest is part of the Meest Group, a postal and logistics group formed by the international Meest Corporation Inc., Toronto, Canada in 1989. It mainly focuses on North America to Ukraine parcels delivering.

The company "Meest" is part of the postal logistics group "Meest Group", which was formed from the international corporation "Meest" (Meest Corporation Inc., Toronto, Canada) in 1989.

Franz Schneider

Franz Schneider (born c. 1900s) was a German sprint canoeist from in Cologne, who competed in the 1930s.

Schneider won three times the German title in the K-2 1000 metres event from 1931 to 1933 together with Paul Wevers, also from Cologne. Representing Germany, the duo won the gold medal at the in the F-2 event over 10 kilometres.

Ovostar Union

Ovostar Union (WSE: OVO) is an agro-industrial Ukrainian agricultural holding. It is one of the three largest producers of chicken eggs in Ukraine. The company produces products under the brands "YASENSVIT" (eggs) and "OVOSTAR" (egg products).

In 2021, 1.69 billion eggs were collected, the total population was 8.4 million individuals, including 7.0 million laying hens.

ISTA

ISTA is the manufacturer of starter batteries in Ukraine. "ISTA" was the first in Ukraine to start providing a full cycle of battery production. NJSC "ISTA" is part of the group of companies "Ukrprominvest", owned by Petro Poroshenko.

In 1992, the Ukrainian government decides to establish ISTA and to build the country's first plant for the production of lead-acid batteries.

In 1995, the first stage of the Ista-Center CJSC plant was put into operation.

In 2001, the second accumulator plant - LLC DOZ "Energoavtomatika" is started.

In 2003, the plant for recovery of lead-containing materials of Ukrsplav LLC was launched.

In 2006, the plant for production of polypropylene cases - Open Company "Interplast" is put into operation.

In 2007, it started delivering batteries to the enterprises of one of the leading car manufacturers - Renault concern.

Artemsil

Artemsil is a state-owned company for salt production in the Donetsk region, Ukraine. One of the largest in the world, the maximum annual production reaches 7226.3 thousand tons. It was stopped because of the Russian invasion on Ukraine and constant missile shellings of the plant by Russian armed forces.

It was formed in 1976. It consists of five mines (mines) with a completed cycle of salt production, ancillary services, significant housing and social funds. Number of workers - 3780 people. The production activity has been counted since 1881 - the commissioning of the Bryantsev mine. Mine № 1 has been in operation since 1898. The administrative center is the city of Soledar.

On March 3, 2020, Artemsil was put up for auction. But at the end of the year, the company was removed from the list of facilities allowed for privatization.

Myronivska Power Station

Myronivska power station is a thermal power plant in the Donetsk region. It uses coal to extract energy. It is owned by PJSC "Donetskoblenergo".

Myronivska power station was put into operation on October 15, 1953, with the capacity of 100 MW.

In 2004, after reconstruction, the boiler № 9 and the turbogenerator № 5 (electric capacity of 115 MW) were put into operation.

Ukrposhta

Joint-stock company "Ukrposhta" (Ukr. "Укрпошта") is a state-owned postal company, subordinated to the Ministry of Infrastructure of Ukraine, a national postal operator. Together with a private post operator Nova Poshta, Ukraposhta are the leaders of pacels delivery in Ukraine.
The company provides universal postal services. They are approved by the National Commission for Communications Regulation. The company also has the exclusive right to issue, put into circulation and organize the distribution of postage stamps, stamped envelopes and cards, as well as withdrawal them from circulation in Ukraine.

The company has 24 regional branches, the Directorate of Mail Processing and Transportation and Avtotranspost. Ukrposhta is one of the largest companies in the country (60,000 employees) and has about 11,000 branches that provide coverage in 100% of settlements in Ukraine.
On April 12, 2017, PJSC Ukrposhta rebranded the company. To replace the winged envelope, a new logo was chosen for the mail horn, which is transformed into a geolocation icon - a pin. The new logo, according to the head of Ukrposhta Ihor Smilianskyi, should reflect the positive changes in the company. The new brand concept was developed free of charge by the advertising agency Saatchi & Saatchi.

In 2020, the company delivered 238.5 million units in Ukraine and abroad. written correspondence, 44.6 million parcels and small packages, paid 12.1 million transfers and 64.5 million pensions and cash benefits.

Ukrposhta together with Nova Poshta are leaders in the delivery and e-commerce market of Ukraine.

In March 2022, in Zaporizhia Oblast the Russians opened fire on a Ukrposhta car, killing two employees of the company.

In the Zaporozhye region, the enemy opened fire on a Ukrposhta car, killing two employees of the company. 

David Weiss Halivni

David Weiss Halivni () (27 September 1927 – 29 June 2022) was a Czechoslovakian-born American-Israeli rabbi and scholar. His works focused on Jewish Sciences. He was a Professor of Talmud. He was the "Reish Metivta" of the Union for Traditional Judaism's rabbinical school. Halivni was born in Kobyletska Poliana, Czechoslovakia. 

In 1993, he became a member of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences. In 2006, he was honored with the Israel Prize.

Halivni died in Jerusalem, Israel on 29 June 2022, aged 94.

Yehuda Meshi Zahav

Avraham Zvi Yehuda Meshi Zahav (July 19, 1959 – June 29, 2022) was an Israeli social activist. He was a member of the Haredi Jewish community. He was known for being the founder and chairman of ZAKA. Meshi Zahav was born in Jerusalem, Israel. 

In April 2021, after being accused of sexual harassment and rape, Meshi Zahav shot himself in the head and was in a coma. He died from his injuries a year later on June 29, 2022 at the age of 62.

Svema

OJSC Svema (formerly Svema) is a Ukrainian and former Soviet enterprise for the production of movie, photo and X-ray film, photo paper, tape and cassettes. Located in the city of Shostka, Sumy Oblast. Founded on October 1, 1931.

Shostka Research and Production Association "Svema" was considered an ace of high technology in the field of fine chemistry. And specialized in the production of professional and amateur films and photographic films, magnetic tapes for audio, video, computer equipment, as well as aerospace photographic films, radiographic films, adhesive tapes, printing inks. The products were intended for both the civilian and military sectors. Delivered to CMEA countries and developing countries.

On May 31, 2019, the Ministry of Justice of Ukraine scheduled an auction for the sale of the property of Svema JSC.

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – long jump

The long jump event at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, with the final being held on 8 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the long jump event.

The final took place in the morning of 8 September.

Between sources there are some differences in the distances. This might be typo errors, or possibly a mix-up with the qualification.

Taejo of Joseon

Taejo of Joseon (4 November 1335 – 27 June 1408) was the first king of the Joseon dynasty. His given name was Yi Seong-gye (). He changed his name to Yi Dan () after he became king. He ruled Korea from 1392 to 1398. He was a general of the Goryeo dynasty before he became king.

After the fall of the Yuan dynasty in 1368 resulting in the weakened remnants of Northern Yuan only controlling Mongolia and the northeast, in the first lunar month of 1370 Goryeo ordered Yi Seonggye (Li Chenggui), the future founder of Joseon, to attack remnants of Korean loyalists of Northern Yuan in the northern Korean peninsula and retrieve ethnic Koreans who were still loyal to Northern Yuan there to bring them back to Korea. The Goryeo Army appointed Yi Seonggye as the Marshal of the Northeast, and Chi Yongsu and Yang Boyuan as the Marshal of the Northwest.

In the first month of the lunar calendar in 1370 , King Gongmin of Koryo sent Li Chenggui to lead 5,000 cavalry and 10,000 infantry. They traveled more than 600 miles from Huangcaoling in the northeast of Koryo to Xuehanling, and traveled another 700 miles. On the first month of Jiachen, they crossed the Yalu River. That night, the sky was filled with purple air in the northwest. The Koreans considered this a sign of victory. At that time, Li (Yi) Wulu Timur, the Tongzhi of Dongning Prefecture (Dongnyeong Prefectures), fled to Yuluoshan City ( Wunü Mountain City ).

Yi Seonggye marched into Yedun Village (也顿村之战), but the Korean leader in the village who was loyal to Northern Yuan, Wulu Timur sent troops and failed. He said "my ancestors are Koreans, I can surrender", and led more than 300 households to surrender. Ulu Timur later renamed it "Yuanjing". Under the leadership of Gao Anwei (Go Anwi), the remnant Yuan army continued to resist in Yingcheng and was surrounded by the Koryo army.

Yi Seonggye took the soldier's bow and shot more than 70 arrows into the city, with a hundred hits. Go Anwi abandoned his family and fled the city at night. The next day, more than 20 Northern Yuan army leaders led their congregation to surrender. In other areas, the Northern Yuan army surrendered. Goryeo has more than ten thousand households. The more than 2,000 cattle and hundreds of horses obtained were all returned to the common people, and the common people moved to Korea in large numbers. From the imperial city in the east to Dongning Mansion (Liaoyang) in the north and from Hainan in the west to Yalu. Many Koreans in Liaodong returned to the Korean peninsula after this campaign.

Yi Seonggye captured the deputy envoy of Yuan Privy Council and more than 300 households including Li Yuanjing, Li Boyan, Li Changshou, Li Tianyou, Xuanduoshi, Jin'a, and Luding in Dongning Prefecture. When Yi Seonggye entered Kuiluo, he heard crying in the ruined wall, and asked people to check it out. A man stood naked and wept, saying: "I am the Zhuangyuan of the Yuan Dynasty and I worshiped him. Li Renfu of your country is the same year as me." Yi Seonggye gave it to him. He put on clothes, gave him a horse to ride, and brought him to Goryeo. King Gongmin gave him the name Han Fu. Later loyal to Yi Seonggye.

Yi Seonggye, the founding king of Joseon was known to have been a master archer. In a battle against Japanese pirates, Seonggye, assisted by Yi Bangsil, killed the young samurai commander "Agibaldo" with two successive arrows, one arrow knocking out his helmet, with the second arrow entering his mouth. Yi Seonggye, from his archery experience in Liaodong judged a conflict with the Ming to be suicide, hence he disobeyed orders from Goryeo to seize Liaodong from the Ming and instead overthrew Goryeo. In his letter to General Choi Young, Seonggye lists as one of five reasons not to invade Ming China as during the monsoon season, glue holding together the composite bow weakens, reducing the effectiveness of the bow.

Sphaenorhynchus caramaschii

The lime tree frog ("Sphaenorhynchus caramaschii") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. It lives in Brazil's states São Paulo, Paraná, and Santa Catarina.

Torbeši

The Torbeši also known as Macedonian Muslims () are Macedonians with Islamic belief in the Republic of North Macedonia.

Vallahades

The Vallahades () or Valaades () also Patrioytlar were a Muslim-Greek people population of the Bektashi-Tarika who lived along the river Haliacmon in southwest Macedonia (Greece); in and around Anaselitsa (modern Neapoli) and Grevena. The Greek term Vallahades derived from the Muslim word Vallahi, the meaning of this word is: (By Allah). They were expelled from Greece to Turkey after the Treaty of Lausanne at The 1923 population exchange between Greece and Turkey. They settled there in East Thrace and Anatolia. and have become completely assimilated into the Turkish Muslim mainstream as Turks.
In Turkey this Group is known as Patriyotlar (Vatanseverler). The Patriyotlar once lived in the . Because of their pro-Ottoman-Turkish attitude, at the Balkan Wars, this Group of Muslims were called patriōtēs (πατριώτης) by the Greeks. The name Patriyotlar in Turkish means Vatanseverler. At the Population exchange between Greece and Turkey about Treaty of Lausanne in 1923, this Muslim-Group was expelled by the Greeks and moved to Turkey and settled in Edirne, Lüleburgaz, Çorlu and Büyükçekmece in East Thrace and Samsun and Manisa and other Citys in Anatolia. The first Generation only speak Patriyotça a Macedonian-Greek dialect, and not Turkish, yet there descendants only speak Turkish and fully assimilated.

Eeles Landström

Eeles Enok Landström (3 January 1932 – 29 June 2022) was a Finnish pole vaulter. He was also a businessman and politician. He won two European titles, in 1954 and 1958, and competed at the 1956 and 1960 Olympics, winning a bronze medal in 1960. He was born in Viiala (present-day Akaa), Finland. From 1966 to 1972, he was a member of the Parliament of Finland as a member of the Liberals Party.

Landström died on 29 June 2022, aged 90.

Plymouth Meeting, Pennsylvania

Plymouth Meeting is a census-designated place (CDP) in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, United States. The settlement was founded in 1686. 7,452 people lived in Plymouth Meeting at the 2020 census.

Rushden

Rushden is a town in Northamptonshire.

Tilden Daken

Tilden Daken (June 14, 1876 – April 24, 1935) was an American landscape painter. He was known for his oil paintings of California states. He also painted in Alaska, Mexico, Baja, the Hawaiian Islands, the South Seas, and parts of the East Coast of the United States. Daken exhibited in the famous galleries in New York, Chicago, Cincinnati, Los Angeles, and San Francisco, and at the 1915 Panama-Pacific International Exposition.

Maurice Grosser

Maurice Grosser (October 23, 1903 – December 22, 1986) was an American painter, art critic, and writer. He was the longtime companion of Virgil Thomson. Maurice Grosser was born on October 23, 1903, in Huntsville, Alabama. He designed the scenery for two operas by Virgil Thomson: "Four Saints in Three Acts" (1934) and "The Mother of Us All" (1947). Grosser died on December 22, 1986, in Manhattan.

Paintings by Maurice Grosser are at the Museum of Modern Art, the Brooklyn Museum, the Smithsonian American Art Museum, and the Huntsville Museum of Art.

John Cameron Swayze

John Cameron Swayze (April 4, 1906 – August 15, 1995) was an American news commentator and game show panelist during the 1940s and 1950s. He later became best known as a product spokesman.

Swayne died on August 15, 1995 in Kansas, United States at the age of 89.

Harry Rosen Inc.

Harry Rosen Inc. is a Canadian retail chain with 17 luxury men's clothing stores. Harry Rosen operate for 40 percent of the Canadian market in clothes for man in 2008.

The company was founded by Harry Rosen in 1954. In 2009, Harry Rosen opened their own website. Shipping is limited to Canadian addresses.

Yidgha people

The Yidgha are a Iranic people living in Chitral District. They number around 9,600 and speak the Yidgha language. They follow Shia Islam.

Paimiut, Alaska

Paimiut is a small town located in Alaska by the Yukon River. It has a population of 2, of which has declined since the 2000s.

1999 Algarve Cup

The 1999 Algarve Cup was an invitational women's football tournament. China won the event defeating the US, 2-1, in the final. It was China's first victory against the USA since 1993 and their first win over them since 1993.

The host and the seven teams invited are Australia, China, Denmark, Finland, Norway, Portugal, Sweden and the United States.

The eight teams were split into two groups that played a round-robin group stage with playoff to determine seventh and eighth place. The winners of each group would compete for first and second place and the winners of the groups would be crowned champions.
There are 3 points for a win, 1 point for a draw and none for a loss.


Villains (album)

Villains is the second studio album by The Verve Pipe. The album was released on March 26, 1996.

Jim Pappin

James Joseph Pappin (September 10, 1939 – June 29, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger. He played in the of the National Hockey League (NHL). He won the Stanley Cup in 1964 and 1967 with the Toronto Maple Leafs. He also played for the Chicago Black Hawks.

Pappin died on June 29, 2022 at his home in Palm Desert, California. Before he died, Pappin said that he was diagnosed with cancer.

Bill Woolsey

William Tripp Woolsey (September 13, 1934 – June 25, 2022) was an American competition swimmer. He represented the United States at the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki, Finland, where he won a gold medal. Four years later at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne, Australia, he won a silver medal. Woolsey was born in Honolulu, Hawaii.

Woolsey died on June 25, 2022 in California at the age of 87. 

Ford Konno

Ford Hiroshi Konno (born January 1, 1933) is a former Japanese–American competition swimmer. He was born in Honolulu, Hawaii. He won two gold medals and a silver medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics. Four years later, he won another silver medal at the 1956 Summer Olympics.

Leo Posada

Leopoldo Jesús Posada Hernández (April 1, 1936 – June 23, 2022) was a Cuban-American professional baseball outfielder. He played for the Kansas City Athletics of Major League Baseball from 1960 through 1962. 

Posada died on June 23, 2022 in Miami, Florida from pancreatic cancer, aged 86.

Orby TV

Orby TV was an American direct broadcast satellite provider. It transmitted digital satellite television in the United States. The company was shut down on March 1, 2021.

Climate change denial

Climate change denial is the denial of climate change. They do not believe climate change exists.


The Love Special

The Love Special is a 1921 American drama movie directed by Frank Urson and starring Wallace Reid, Agnes Ayres, Theodore Roberts, Lloyd Whitlock, Sylvia Ashton, Clarence Burton, Snitz Edwards. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Jeongjong of Joseon

Jeongjong of Joseon (26 July 1357 – 24 October 1419) was the second king of the Joseon dynasty. His given name was Yi Bang-gwa (). He became king after his father, king Taejo, abdicated (resigned) from the throne. He himself abdicated in 1400.

China Airlines Flight 140

China Airlines Flight 140 was a scheduled flight between Taiwan Taoyuan International Airport to Nagoya Airport in Nagoya, Japan. On April 26, 1994, the Airbus A300 B4-622R was completing a flight and was approaching Nagoya airport, when, just before landing, several pilot errors of not correcting their actions and speed caused the plane would end up crashing to the ground, killing almost all the passengers.

It was the most serious air disaster of 1994.

To date, this accident remains the deadliest in China Airlines history, and the second deadliest aviation accident on Japanese soil, behind Japan Airlines Flight 123. Also, it is the third worst accident in the history of the Airbus A300 after Iran Air Flight 655 and later surpassed by American Airlines Flight 587 with 265 fatalities.

On 3 May 1994, the Civil Aeronautics Administration (CAA) of the Republic of China (Taiwan) ordered China Airlines to modify the flight control computers following Airbus's notice of the modification. On 7 May 1994, the CAA ordered China Airlines to provide supplementary training and a re-evaluation of proficiency to all A300-600R pilots.

Following the accident, China Airlines decided to withdraw its flight CI140 on this route and changed it to CI150 after the crash. China Airlines now operates this route with the Airbus A330-300 aircraft and the A300 has since been retired.


Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – high jump

The high jump event at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, with the qualification and final being held on 7 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the high jump event.

The qualification took place in the morning of 7 September 1930, under bad weather conditions.

The final took place in the afternoon of 7 September. The weather was still bad and it rained during the competition. The track was wet which affected the performance.

The British Marjorie Okell and Mary Milne couldn't jump above 1.50 metres. After the German Helma Notte was not able to jump higher than 1.53 metres, there were two remaining competitors, the German Inge Braumüller and the Dutch Carolina Gisolf. Both Braumüller and Gisolf jumped 1.57 metres. Gisolf got injured during her successfull jump of 1.57 metres toring thigh muscle during the run. She tried to continue jump, to great encouragement from the crowd, but was not able to jump the 1.57 metres. Braumüller was also not able to jump the 1.57 metres. The competition was decided by a toss, which was won in favor of the German.


Calgary Junior Hockey League

The Calgary Junior Hockey League is a Junior "B" ice hockey league based in Calgary, Alberta, Canada.


List of Nigeria Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Nigerian Twenty20 International cricketers.

América TV

América TV (call sign LS 86) is an Argentine television channel. Its headquarters is in the city of La Plata, Buenos Aires. Its signal is produced in the city of Buenos Aires.


Loves of a Blonde

Loves of a Blondie (), also known as A Blonde in Love, is a 1965 Czech romantic black comedy-drama movie directed by Miloš Forman and starring Hana Brejchová, Vladimír Pucholt, Vladimír Menšík, Ivan Kheil, Jiří Hrubý. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1966.


Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – shot put

The shot put event at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium on 6 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the shot put event.

The final took place on 6 September.

Nauru national soccer team

The Nauru national soccer is the soccer team that comes from Nauru. The teams current Ello Ranking is 184. The team does not have a FIFA Ranking because the team is not part of FIFA.

South Africa national soccer team

The South Africa national soccer team () is represents South Africa in international men's soccer.

Where Love Has Gone (movie)

Where Love Has Gone is a 1964 American romantic drama movie directed by Edward Dmytryk and was based on the 1962 novel of the same name by Harold Robbins. It stars Susan Hayward, Bette Davis, Mike Connors, Joey Heatherton, Jane Greer, DeForest Kelley, Anne Seymour and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1965.


Rolando Andaya Jr.

Rolando "Nonoy" Gutierrez Andaya Jr. (March 10, 1969 – June 30, 2022) was a Filipino lawyer and politician. He represented the 1st District of Camarines Sur in the Philippine House of Representatives from 1998 to 2006 and again from 2010 to 2019. He also was the 32nd Majority Floor Leader of the House of Representatives of the Philippines from 2018 until 2019. 

Andaya Jr. was found dead on June 30, 2022 at his apartment in Naga, Philippines with a gunshot wound to his head at the age of 53.

Naga, Camarines Sur

', officially known as the ' (Central Bikol: "Syudad nin "; Rinconada Bikol: "Syudad ka "; ) or the Pilgrim City of Naga, is a in the of the Philippines. In the , it has a population of people.

Peter Aho

Peter Aho was born 2 March, 2003. He is a Nigerian cricketer who has played 16 Twenty20 Internationals for Nigeria where he has taken a five wicket bag and a hat-trick. He also played in the 2020 Under-19 Cricket World Cup in South Africa.

List of Tanzania Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Tanzanian Twenty20 International cricketers.

Sonny Barger

Ralph Hubert Barger (October 8, 1938 – June 29, 2022), better known as Sonny Barger, was an American outlaw biker, author and actor. He was a founding member of the Oakland, California chapter of the Hells Angels Motorcycle Club in 1957. He wrote five books, and appeared on television and movies. He was born in Modesto, California. He played the role of Lenny "The Pimp" Janowitz in the television series "Sons of Anarchy".

Barger died on June 29, 2022 in Oakland, California from throat cancer, aged 83.



Mats Traat

Mats Traat (23 November 1936 – 27 June 2022) was an Estonian poet, translator and novelist. Traat was born in Arula, Otepää Parish. His career began in 1962. He published over 20 anthologies of poetry. His poetry was about social commentary and society's love for science. He also wrote about the indigenous Estonian population. His short story, "The Cross of Power," won the Friedebert Tuglas Award for Short Prose.

Traat died on 27 June 2022 in Tallinn, Estonia at the age of 85.


Martha Kolthoff

Martha Cecile Kolthoff (27 January 1908 — ‎15 September 1999) was a Dutch sprinter, javelin thrower and discus thrower in the 1920s. She was a member of Hygiëa, The Hague.

Her earliest achievement was in September 1923, becoming champion of South Holland in the athletics’ triathlon. In 1924 she won in this competition the javelin throw. In September 1925 she broke with the national record in the 4x 80 meters. Later the month she became national champion in the athletics’ triathlon ahead of Leny Rombout and . She also became with her club national champion in the 4x 80 metres relay.

In 1927 she became Dutch national champion in the 4x 100 metres together with Nici Mür, Willy Hamerslag and Nettie Grooss with a time of 55 seconds.

On 31 July 1927 Kolthof set the first official Dutch national record in the discus throw with 23.84 metres.

During an out of competition record attempt in September 1927 Nici Mür threw in discus throw 24.11 metres, so further than the record of Kolthoff. Kolthof broke during this record attempt session the national records javelin throw with 27.25 metres. While a special prize was awarded for the new record and these records were mentioned in newspapers as new national records, the records were never recognized by the Dutch athletics federation. Kolthof lost eventually the record in August 1928 to .

Kolthoff was born on 27 January 1908 in Batavia, Dutch East Indies. She was the only child of father Abraham Kolthoff (1863-1940) who was director Officer of Health 1st class of the K.N.I.L. and worked in in Batavia. Her mother was Johanna Cornelia Brandon (1870-1947). They moved back to the Netherlands where she married to mechanical engineer Lucas Ruinen (1901-1993) on 20 August 1937 in The Hague. They had four children together.

Mohammad Shtayyeh

Mohammad Ibrahim Shtayyeh () (born 17 January 1959) is a Palestinian politician, academic and economist. He became prime minister of the Palestinian National Authority in March 2019.

England Grand Prix

The "England Grand Prix" is a Formula One non-championship event that is part of the Formula One.

The inaugural England Grand Prix to held by Donington Park in 1994 before merged to British Grand Prix in 2010.

President of the Palestinian National Authority

The President of the Palestinian National Authority () is the highest-ranking political position (same to head of state) in the Palestinian National Authority (PNA). The President nominates the Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority.

Nura Pakhang

Nura Pakhang () is a Meitei-Portuguese bilingual song. It was sung by Manipuri folk musical artist Mangka Mayanglambam and the artists of Portuguese musical band "Clã". The music video was directed by Romi Meitei. It was released worldwide on 28 April 2017. It is a part of an album called "T(H)REE". It is a musical collaboration between Portuguese and Asian musicians in unique ways.

Portuguese music video producer David Valentim contacted Manipuri folk music artist Mangka Mayanglambam and her lyricist father Mayanglambam Mangangsana through email about his desire to collaborate Portuguese music with Meitei music.

When the collaboration between the two musical cultures was confirmed and finalised, Manipuri musical lyricist Mangangsana sent three musical tracks to the Portuguese producer David Valentim through email. David chose the song "Nura Pakhang" among the three. Clã also wrote their own musical lyrics to mix it with the Meitei folk song. All these processes of conversations were done through emails and the song was finally created. Interestingly, Mangka Mayanglambam and her father Mayanglambam Mangangsana had never met David Valentim and the Portuguese artists of "Clã" in real life. So, the artists couldn't record the song together but it doesn't affect their touring together in the musical journey. It's director Romi Meitei who met both teams of Meitei and Portuguese artists.

The first part of the music video was made in Manipur of India and its later parts are made in Porto of Portugal. The contributions of the lyrics are mainly credited to Carlos Tê, Hélder Gonçalves, Manuela Azevedo and Mayanglambam Mangangana. "Nura Pakhang" shows the way in which two different things depend on each other in a way that make sense together. The sound of the music video crosses jazzy pop rock with traditional Manipuri music.

The song "Nura Pakhang" was released was released worldwide on 28th April 2017.

Regarding radio broadcasting, it was released on "Antena 3", one of the biggest radio channels in Portugal.

According to an interview with Mangka Mayanglambam by IANS (Indo-Asian News Service), she said:
<poem>"The song was launched in April. It is played on radio in Portugal and is available on the internet. But I will be able to distribute it after June. I never thought of earning a profit from this project. All the proceeds will go to Make a Wish Foundation."</poem>

Mangka believes that language is not a barrier. She said to the IANS:
<poem>"Music is a Universal language, still each and every place has its own culture. It's best to follow our culture."</poem>

Ahmed Qurei

Ahmed Ali Mohammed Qurei (or Qureia; , ), also known by his "Arabic "kunya"" Abu Alaa (, ) (March 26, 1937 – February 22, 2023) was a former Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority. He was speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council. He was a senior leader of the Palestine Liberation Organization (PLO).

Nabil Shaath

Nabil Ali Muhammad (Abu Rashid) Shaath (, , also spelled Sha'ath; born 9 August 1938) is a senior Palestinian official. He was the Acting Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority for a few days in December 2005.

Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority

The prime minister of the Palestinian National Authority was the position of the official head of government of the Palestinian Authority government, active between 2003 and January 2013. It was officially transformed into the State of Palestine. 

On 6 January 2013 the Palestinian National Authority was officially transformed into the State of Palestine and the position of the prime minister of the Palestinian National Authority became the prime minister of the State of Palestine.

Ismail Haniyeh

Ismail Abdel Salam Ahmed Haniyeh (; sometimes transliterated as Haniya, Haniyah, or Hanieh; born 29 January 1962) is a senior political leader of Hamas. He was the disputed Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority. In September 2017, he became Chief of Hamas's Political Bureau.
Haniyeh is married to Amal Haniyeh and the couple have 13 children. In 2009, the family lived in Al-Shati refugee camp in the northern Gaza Strip. In 2010, the couple shifted to the Rimla neighborhood in Gaza City. In 2020, He went to Qasem Soleimani's funeral, in Tehran, Iran. After visiting some other countries he decided to permanently reside in Doha, Qatar. His family joined him there in 2021. 
On 17 October 2023, during Israel–Hamas war an airstrike by israeli forces in Sheikh Radwan neighborhood in Gaza City reportedly killed 14 Palestinians, Haniyeh's brother and nephew were among the victims while several other family members were also injured.

Rami Hamdallah

Rami Hamdallah (; born 10 August 1958) is a Palestinian politician and academic. He was the Prime Minister of the Palestinian National Authority. He also was president of An-Najah National University in Nablus.

Salam Fayyad

Salam Fayyad (, ) is a Palestinian politician. He was the Prime Minister of the Palestinian Authority and Finance Minister.

He was Finance Minister from June 2002 to November 2005 and from March 2007 to May 2012. Fayyad was Prime Minister between June 2007 and June 2013.

Fayyad resigned from the cabinet in November 2005 to run as founder and leader of the new Third Way party for the legislative elections of 2006.

Prime Minister of the State of Palestine

The prime minister of the State of Palestine is the head of government of the State of Palestine. The post was created in January 2013, when the Palestinian National Authority was officially renamed into the State of Palestine.

President of the State of Palestine

The president of the State of Palestine is the head of state of Palestine. Since 2013, the title president of the State of Palestine became the only title of the Palestinian president.

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – discus throw

The discus throw event at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, with the qualification and final being held on 7 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the discus throw event.

The qualification took place in the morning of 7 September 1930, under bad weather conditions.

Polish Halina Konopacka won the qualification ahead of German Tilly Fleischer and Italian Vittorina Vivenza. Swedish Elsa Svensson, Latvian Karlson and British Weston also qualified. The Dutch Dora Wevers had three invalid throws and so didn't qualify.
The final took place in the afternoon of 7 September. The weather was still bad.

Rawhi Fattouh

Rawhi Fattuh (, , also transliterated as Rauhi Fattouh; born 23 August 1949) is the former Speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council and was the interim President of the Palestinian Authority, after the death of Yasser Arafat on 11 November 2004 until January 15, 2005. He was elected to the Central Committee of Fatah in December 2016.

Aziz Dweik

Aziz Dweik ( ; ) (born January 12, 1948) is the Speaker of the Palestinian Legislative Council (PLC) since 18 January 2006. He is seen as the Interim President of the Palestinian National Authority since 19 October 2016.

List of programs broadcast by Discovery Family

This is a list of television programs broadcast by the U.S. cable television channel Discovery Family.

This is a list of programs that have formerly aired on Discovery Kids (1996–2010), The Hub Network (2010–2014), and Discovery Family (2014–present).

An asterisk (*) indicates that the program had new episodes aired on Discovery Family.

Sphaenorhynchus botocudo

Sphaenorhynchus botocudo is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 23.9-29.3 mm long from nose to rear end. It has a black line from the nose to each eye. It has a white spot under each eye. It has a white stripe with brown color around it from each eye to the middle of the body.

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games

The athletics competitions at the 1930 Women's World Games in Prague were held from 7 to 9 September 1930 at the Letná Stadium. 

The athletes competed in 12 events: running (60 metres, 100 metres, 200 metres, 800 metres, 4 x 100 metres relay and hurdling 80 metres), high jump, long jump, discus throw, javelin, shot put and triathlon (100 metres, high jump and javelin). Several world records were set.

At some days there were 20000 spectators in the stadium.

Source

Terry O'Quinn

Terrance Quinn (born July 15, 1952), known professionally as Terry O'Quinn, is an American actor. He is best known for portraying the role of John Locke in the ABC drama mystery series "Lost", which ran for six seasons (2004–2010). He also played the title role in "The Stepfather" and "Stepfather II", and played Peter Watts in the crime drama series "Millennium", which ran for three seasons (1996–1999). 

Jack Gordon (ice hockey)

John "Jackie" Gordon (March 3, 1928 – June 27, 2022) was a Canadian ice hockey manager, coach and player. Gordon played 36 games in the National Hockey League with the New York Rangers from 1946 to 1961. He was also head coach of the Minnesota North Stars from 1970 to 1973. He also was a general manager of the North Stars from 1974 to 1978 and of the Vancouver Canucks from 1985 to 1987.

Gordon was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada. He died on June 27, 2022 at the age of 94.

Dmitry Stepushkin

Dmitry Fyodorovich Stepushkin (; September 3, 1975 – June 30, 2022) was a Russian bobsledder. He won three medals in the four-man event at the FIBT World Championships with two silvers (2005, 2008) and a bronze (2003). Stepushkin also competed in three Winter Olympics in 2002, 2006 and 2010. Stepushkin was born in Chkalovsk, Russia.

Stepushkin died on June 30, 2022 in Moscow, Russia at the age of 46.

Human rights in the Central African Republic

The Central African Republic, which the United Nations High Commissioner said is having "the most neglected crisis in the world", has an very bad human rights record. It was rated 'Not Free' by Freedom House from 1972 to 1990, in 2002 and 2003, and from 2014 to now. It was rated 'Partly Free' from 1991 to 2001 and from 2004 to 2013.

Human rights in Uganda

Human rights in Uganda refers to the difficulty of getting international rights standards for all citizens. It is difficult to solve the problems of proper sanitation facilities, home insecurity, bad infrastructure development, and mistreatment of LGBT people, women, and children. 

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – javelin throw

The javelin throw event at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium, with the qualification and final being held on 8 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the javelin throw event.

The qualification took place ion 8 September 1930.

The final took place on 8 September.

Liesel Schumann won the competition in a new world record. With her performance of 42.3 metres she improved the former world record of Braumuller (40.37). Augustine Hargus who finished second was with 40.99 metres als better than the former world record.

Damel

The Damel are a Dardic group who live in Damel Valley, Chitral District, Khyber Pakhtunkhwa, Pakistan. Most Damels speak Dameli while others speak Gawar-Bati. They number around 8,300 and are Sunni Muslims.

Julia Morley

Julia Evelyn Morley (née Pritchard; born 25 October 1939) is a British businesswoman, charity worker, and former model. She is the chairman and CEO of the Miss World Organization. She is the widow of Miss World creator, the late Eric Morley.

Dards

The Dards are a group of un-mixed Indo-Aryan people living in Northern Pakistan, Western Jammu & Kashmir, and Eastern Afghanistan who speak the Dardic languages. A very small minority also live in Xinjiang, China and Tajikistan.

Dardic is a geographical phrase, not a ethnic or linguistic one. It is not used by any of its speakers. Dardic languages are mostly Indic, but have a huge amount Iranian loanwords from Pashto, Yidgha, or Ormuri. 

Grupo Telefe

Grupo Telefe (legally Television Federal S.A.) is an Argentine conglomerate dedicated to the production of audiovisual content and the operation of terrestrial television licenses. The company, created in 1989, belongs to the multinational Paramount Global since November 2016.
On December 6, 2012, Telefe presented its voluntary adaptation plan before the Argentinean Federal Authority for Audiovisual Communication Services in order to adapt to the Audiovisual Communication Services Law, where it proposed to put Neuquén channels 7 and 9 up for sale in Bahía Blanca. The plan was approved two years later on December 16, 2014, leaving the two channels for sale. On December 29, 2015, changes were made to several articles of the law (among them Article 45, which indicated that the licensee could not cover with its open media more than 35% of the country's population); as a result of the elimination of the limit percentage of national coverage, Telefe would no longer have the obligation to sell the two channels, being able to keep the 8 channels from the interior in its possession. On February 2, 2016, the National Communications Entity (successor to AFSCA) decided to file all adaptation plans (including Telefe's) as a consequence of this, Telefe no longer has the obligation to sell any of its television channels.

On November 3, 2016, it was announced that the US group Viacom had reached an agreement to buy Telefe and its channels for US$345 million. The purchase was finalized on November 15. The ENACOM approved the transfer of Telefe and its licenses to Viacom on March 30, 2017.

On August 13, 2019, CBS Corporation and Viacom announced that they had reached an agreement to merge their respective business units (including Grupo Telefe) under the umbrella of the former (to be renamed ViacomCBS).The merger was completed on December 4. 

As of February 16, 2022, ViacomCBS was renamed Paramount Global.


Jennifer O'Neill

Jennifer O'Neill (born February 20, 1948) is a Brazilian-born American actress, model, author, and activist. She is known for her modeling and spokesperson career with CoverGirl. She acted in the Oscar-winning 1971 movie "Summer of '42." She also starred in the cult horror movie "Scanners" (1981) and the television series "Cover Up" (1984–85). She has also been active in the anti-abortion-rights movement.

O'Neill was born to a wealthy family in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. She was raised in New Rochelle, New York and Wilton, Connecticut. O'Neill went to school at the Dalton School in Manhattan. She got married at age 17.

When she was young, she was an equestrienne and was on the covers of "Vogue", "Cosmopolitan", and "Seventeen", earning $80,000 in 1962.

O'Neill has been married nine times to eight husbands (she married, divorced, and remarried her sixth husband Richard Alan Brown). She has three children from three fathers.



Gloria Romero (actress)

Gloria Romero (; born Gloria Galla; December 16, 1933) is an American-born Filipina actress. She was called the "Queen of Philippine Cinema" in the 1950s. She acted in "Tanging Yaman", "Nagbabagang Luha" and "Dalagang Ilocana". She played Imelda Marcos in the biopic movie "Iginuhit ng Tadhana".

David R. Nagle

David Ray "Dave" Nagle (born April 15, 1943) is an American politician and lawyer. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives. He represented Iowa's 3rd congressional district from 1987 to 1993. He is a member of the Democratic Party. Nagle was born in Grinnell, Iowa. He was the Chair of the Iowa Democratic Party from 1982 to 1985. 

Nagle ran for the U.S. House of Representatives again, but he lost the Democratic nomination. He tried to run for the U.S. Senate, but quit after he was arrested for public intoxication in 1998.

Federal Authority for Audiovisual Communication Services

The Federal Authority for Audiovisual Communication Services (, AFSCA) was an Argentine state agency. It was created by the Audiovisual Communication Services Law as the authority in charge of enforcing law.

The entity began its activities on December 10, 2009. It was established by presidential decree 1525/2009. Martín Sabbatella was appointed as its president, at the head of a board of directors made up of parliamentarians from the three main blocks, representatives of the universities and of the Federal Council.

On December 23, 2015, the AFSCA was intervened by the President Mauricio Macri. This was through a decision challenged before the Justice. On December 30, 2015, the Chief of Staff Marcos Peña announced that President Macri had sanctioned a decree of necessity and urgency. The number was not specified. In addition, the date was not published in the Official Gazette, which provided for the elimination of the AFSCA and its merger with the AFTIC. This led to a new public body called the National Communications Entity (ENACOM). 

On January 4, 2016, the decree of necessity and urgency 267/2015 signed on December 29, 2015, announced by the Chief of Staff, was published in the Official Gazette.

The AFSCA was led by a seven-member board, consisting of the following:


SponsorBlock

SponsorBlock is a free and open-source browser extension that skips segments of YouTube videos. Users make them, which other users can vote on. It is recommended on Firefox's add-on store. , it has over 175,000 downloads on Firefox and over 600,000 downloads on Google Chrome.

Only sponsorships could be skipped until more categories (such as self-promotion or intermissions) were added in June 2020. An update in January 2022 added support for marking whole videos as sponsorships.

Users submit segments of videos and choose a category for them. Those segments are automatically skipped. When a segment is skipped, a small pop-up appears for a few seconds to allow the user to vote on it or "unskip" it. The number of segments each user has submitted and skipped is tracked.

The extension was on Mozilla's Extension Spotlight on July 21, 2020, and is the highest rated recommended Firefox extension.

Willy Hamerslag

Willy "Wil" Hamerslag, often only referred to only by her surname Hamerslag (born 1900s) was a Dutch athletics competitor in the 1920s, specialized in the high jump and long jump. She was a member of Hygiëa, The Hague.

Hamerslag won multiple medals at national championships. She became 1925 national champion in the long jump with 4.885 metres. At the same championships she finished second in the athletics’ triathlon and third in the high jump. 

In 1927 she became the first official national record holder in the high jump with a height of 1.395 meter.

In September 1927 she became Dutch national champion in the 4x 100 metres together with Nici Mür, Martha Kolthof and Nettie Grooss with a time of 55 seconds.


Cadenberge

Cadenberge (in High German, in Low Saxon: Cumbarg) is a municipality in Cuxhaven, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Since 1 November 2016, the former municipality Geversdorf is part of Cadenberge.

Land Hadeln

Land Hadeln is a place in Northern Germany. It is a historic landscape and used to be an administrative district. Its seat is in Otterndorf on the Lower Elbe, the lower reaches of the Elbe River, in the Elbe-Weser Triangle between the estuaries of the Elbe and Weser rivers.



Cajundome

The Cajundome is a 13,500-seat multi-purpose arena in Lafayette, Louisiana. The Louisiana Ragin' Cajuns men's and women's basketball programs play there. University events and commencement ceremonies including high school graduations also happen there.

East New York

East New York is an American drama television series created by William Finkelstein &
Mike Flynn. It is set to premiere on CBS on October 2, 2022.

East New York follows Regina Haywood, the newly promoted police captain of East New York, an impoverished, working class neighborhood at the eastern edge of Brooklyn. She leads a diverse group of officers and detectives, some of whom are reluctant to deploy her creative methods of serving and protecting during the midst of social upheaval and the early seeds of gentrification.


Tanging Yaman

Tanging Yaman (International Title: A Change of Heart) is a 2000 Filipino family drama movie directed by Laurice Guillen and starring Gloria Romero, Dina Bonnevie, Edu Manzano, Johnny Delgado, Joel Torre, Marvin Agustin, Hilda Koronel. It was distributed by Star Cinema.

Universo (TV network)

Universo is an American television channel.

A.k.a. Cartoon

a.k.a. Cartoon is a Canadian animation studio located in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada. It was founded on April 1, 1994, by Danny Antonucci.


The Brothers Grunt

The Brothers Grunt is an adult animated comedy television series. It originally aired from August 15, 1994, to April 9, 1995, on MTV.

The main characters were named after famous crooners of the 1950s: Frank (Sinatra), Tony (Bennett), Dean (Martin), Bing (Crosby), Sammy (Davis Jr.), and Perry (Como), all voiced by Maurice LaMarche.


Note: "All episodes directed by Danny Antonucci"

These episodes are unreleased, but have been uploaded to YouTube in June 2019 by YouTube user Oecobius33. Three of these episodes might have been produced, but are currently unconfirmed.


Lupo the Butcher

Lupo the Butcher is a 1987 Canadian animated short comedy movie. It was directed and written by Danny Antonucci.

Cartoon Sushi

Cartoon Sushi is an adult-animation showcase program that aired on MTV from 1997 to 1998. It was made by Eric Calderon and produced by Nick Litwinko. 















by Magnus Carlsson

Vincent Adewoye

Vincent Dimeji Adewoye (born 23 May 2000) is a Nigerian cricketer. He played the Twenty20 Internationals for Nigeria. His first Twenty20 International match was in May 2019. This game was against Kenya.

El Nueve

Channel 9, known by its brand name El Nueve (stylized as elnueve) is an Argentine television station that broadcasts from the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires. The station was inaugurated on June 9, 1960.


Isle of Beauty, Isle of Splendour

Isle of Beauty, Isle of Splendour is the national anthem of Dominica. The words were written and the music were both made in 1967. It became the national anthem in 1978.

<poem>
Isle of beauty, isle of splendour,
Isle to all so sweet and fair,
All must surely gaze in wonder
At thy gifts so rich and rare.
Rivers, valleys, hills and mountains,
All these gifts we do extol.
Healthy land, so like all fountains,
Giving cheer that warms the soul.
Dominica, God hath blest thee
With a clime benign and bright,
Pastures green and flowers of beauty
Filling all with pure delight,
And a people strong and healthy,
Full of godly reverent fear.
May we ever seek to praise Thee
For these gifts so rich and rare.
Come ye forward, sons and daughters
Of this gem beyond compare.
Strive for honour, sons and daughters,
Do the right, be firm, be fair.
Toil with hearts and hands and voices.
We must prosper! Sound the call,
In which everyone rejoices,
"All for Each and Each for All."
</poem>

ENACOM

The National Communications Entity (, mostly known by its acronym ENACOM) is the national communications and media regulator of Argentina. Created in 2016 by presidential decree, it is in charge of complying with the Law 26,522 on Audiovisual Communication Services and Law 27,078 Argentina Digital —known as the Telecommunications Law—, until then the responsibility of AFSCA and AFTIC.

On December 23, 2015, President Mauricio Macri intervened by decree the Federal Authority for Audiovisual Communication Services (AFSCA) and the Federal Authority for Information and Communication Technologies (AFTIC). The judge in Administrative Litigation of La Plata, Luis Arias, granted a precautionary measure to avoid the intervention of the entities.

List of national anthems by language

This is a list of national anthems by the language(s) they are most commonly sung in.

Below are anthems that are sung in more than one language most of the time. It does not include countries like Canada, Finland or Switzerland, where the national anthem has official lyrics in many languages but is only sung in one most of the time.

Derek Charke

Derek Charke (; born 1974) is a Canadian classical composer and flutist.

Derek Charke has been working as a composer for film and television since the early 1990s. In that time he has written more than 100 film and television scores which have been broadcast worldwide.

When at home in Toronto, Ontario, Derek was busy as a session player, arranger, producer and flutist which ultimately led to his work as a composer for film and television in 1994. The diversity of his craft offered him the opportunity to compose for a variety of programming including animation, documentaries, comedy and drama. In the animation world, he worked extensively with Danny Antonucci both while at 20th Century Fox and later when Antonucci started his own studio - a.k.a. Cartoon. It was for the studio that he composed the score for the animated series "The Brothers Grunt" that aired on MTV. Later, he wrote all of the music for another a.k.a. Cartoon production, Cartoon Network’s "Ed, Edd n Eddy". Additionally, he has composed music for popular TV series including "The Outer Limits" (Showtime/SyFy), "The Dead Zone" (USA Network), "Wildfire" (ABC Family), "These Arms of Mine" (CBC) and "Kink" (Showcase), among several others. Patric Caird also has an extensive career in feature film composition. In 2000, his music for film garnered him a Genie Award (Canada's Oscar) for the Infinity Features film "Here's to Life!" with Kim Hunter, James Whitmore and Ossie Davis. His film credits also include the film "Dead Heat" with Kiefer Sutherland, Ann Marie Fleming's "The French Guy" (Park City Film Music Festival Gold Medal) and National Lampoon's "Going the Distance" among others. In 2014, Patric Caird composed the score for the Fox series "Rake" starring Greg Kinnear. Patric Caird continues to compose for film, television, theater and new media.
In 2012, Derek Charke won the Juno Award for Classical Composition of the Year for his work, "Sepia Fragments." The following year Charke's work, "Between the Shore and the Ships" received an ECMA for Classical Composition of the Year. Derek's compositions increasingly pair electroacoustic elements—many of which are derived from environmental sounds—with acoustic instruments. Ecological sound as an artistic statement on environmental issues has become an impetus for many works, and his interest in the Arctic has like-wise played a role in many of his compositions. His music bridges a divide between this play of pure sound, collecting natural and environmental sound, and a continuation of the Western "classical" tradition—albeit with contemporary and popular influences.
Derek Charke earned his bachelor's degree in composition at the University of North Texas, a master's degree in composition from the Royal Academy of Music, a master's degree in flute and a doctorate degree in composition from the University at Buffalo. While at Buffalo he studied composition with David Felder and flute with Cheryl Gobbetti Hoffman. Previous composition teachers included Louis Andriessen, Steve Martland and Cindy McTee.
Charke is an associate professor of music theory and composition at Acadia University School of Music in Nova Scotia, Canada. Charke is also co-director of the Acadia New Music Society, and he actively performs as both a soloist and new music improvisor on the flute. In addition to his responsibilities as a full professor at Acadia University, Charke is an associate composer of the Canadian Music Centre (CMC).
To date, Charke has got many awards and commissions, including a BMI student composer award for his work "Xynith", the Outstanding Undergraduate Award in Composition from the University of North Texas, and an honorable mention from the Kubik Prize for his composition "What do the Birds Think?" Charke has been commissioned by ensembles such as Duo Turgeon, the Kronos Quartet, the Toronto Symphony Orchestra, the Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra, and the St. Lawrence String Quartet. Dr. Charke and his wife currently live in Kentville, Nova Scotia.


Dwayne Hill

Dwayne Hill (born June 5, 1966) is a Canadian voice actor. In 2009, he was nominated for two Gemini Awards, one in the solo category for "Grossology", the other, which he won, was for best ensemble in "Atomic Betty". Overall, he has voiced over 20 animated series, playing hundreds of voices as well as voicing over 100 commercials each year. One of his most recent roles is Cat in the PBS animated series "Peg + Cat" Super Stadium Worldand Braceface which was nominated for an Emmy Award among the best performances in animated series.
His biggest on-camera roles include playing Coach Carr in "Mean Girls", "The Safety of Objects" which premiered at the 2001 Toronto International Film Festival, and "The Truth About the Head", which won 3 awards at the 2003 Cannes Film Festival including the Kodak short film award. Dwayne has appeared in over 100 commercials, including the Bud Light spot "Mr. Silent Killer Gas Passer" for the "Real Men of Genius" campaign, which won a Gold Clio in Cannes. From 1997-2003, Hill played "Mr. Voiceman", the off-camera announcer on the YTV game show "Uh Oh!".


Rob Tinkler

Robert Tinkler is a Canadian voice actor.

He provides voices for a number of cartoons and anime shows. He voiced Max in "The Adventures of Sam & Max: Freelance Police", Delete in the children's animated series "Cyberchase", Pelswick Eggert in Pelswick, and Howie in "Almost Naked Animals".

In anime, he provides the voice of Crimson Rubeus in the DIC Entertainment dub of "Sailor Moon", Gingka Hagane, the main protagonist in "", Athrun Zala in the Ocean Studios dub of "Mobile Suit Gundam SEED" and Brooklyn Masefield in "Beyblade G-Revolution". In feature films, he voiced Buddy in "The Nut Job".


Patricia Bullrich

Patricia Bullrich (born June 11, 1956) is an Argentine politician who is a candidate for President of Argentina in the 2023 election. She chairs the Republican Proposal (PRO) party. She was a deputy for the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires in the periods 1993-1997 and 2007-2015, Minister of Social Security between October and December 2001 and Minister of Security of Argentina between 2015 and 2019.

Following the election of Mauricio Macri to the presidency on 22 November 2015, it was announced that Bullrich had been nominated the Minister of Security of Argentina.

She finished high school in 1975. She wanted to become a sociologist and a lawyer, until finally in 2001 she graduated with a degree in Humanities and Social Sciences with an orientation in Communication from the University of Palermo. In 2009 she obtained a Master's degree in Political Science and a Doctorate in Political Science from the University of San Martín (UNSAM).

Stuart Stone

Stuart Stone (born Stuart Eisenstein) is a Canadian film, television, and voice actor as well as a producer of television, film and music. He is best known for his roles as Ronald Fisher in the 2001 cult film, "Donnie Darko", and Ralphie Tennelli on "The Magic School Bus" animated television series from 1994 to 1997. Stone has also toured as a comedian and rapper.


Adam Greydon Reid

Adam Greydon Reid (born April 27, 1972) is a Canadian actor, writer, producer and director.


Julie Lemieux

Julie Lemieux (born December 4, 1962) is a Canadian voice actress and comedian.
Lemieux has provided the voice for characters such as Sammy Tsukino in "Sailor Moon", young Darien Shields in "Sailor Moon R: The Movie", and Peruru in "Sailor Moon SuperS: The Movie". 

She has also played Funshine Bear in "Care Bears: Journey to Joke-a-lot" and "The Care Bears' Big Wish Movie". She was also the voice of Dumpty in "Polka Dot Shorts" and Rupert Bear in the animated TV series of the same name. Lemieux also acted as Warren in "Monster by Mistake" and Toby of the new anime production "Pandalian". 

She has recently worked on the television series "What It's Like Being Alone"; She has voiced Hunter Steele in the English version of "Spider Riders", Ikki in "Medabots Spirits", and Wilbur the Calf in "Wilbur". 

She is also the voice for Renee in the TV series "Jacob Two-Two", Mariah Wong in the English anime version of "Beyblade", Runo in "Bakugan Battle Brawlers", Antique Annie in "Producing Parker", Louise in "Max & Ruby", Bounce in "Miss Spider's Sunny Patch Friends", Chance Happening in "Grojband", Clancy in "Julius Jr.", Greta in "Detentionaire", Bud Compson in "Arthur", Oona in "Curious Minds", Fuzzy Snuggums in "Spliced", Dabs Looman in "Skatoony", Granny Butternut in "Numb Chucks", Cali in "PAW Patrol", Josee and Kelly in "Total Drama Presents: The Ridonculous Race", and Flo in "Total DramaRama".


Peter Keleghan

Peter Keleghan is a Canadian actor and writer, perhaps best known for portraying Ben Bellow in the comedy series "18 to Life", Clark Claxton Sr. in the comedy series "Billable Hours" and Ranger Gord in "The Red Green Show".
Keleghan was born in Montreal, Quebec. He earned his BA in English Drama from York University in Toronto, Ontario.
Keleghan is married to actress Leah Pinsent.


Alyson Court

Alyson Stephanie Court (born November 9, 1973) is a Canadian actress.

Beginning her career as a child actress, her first role was on the series "Mr. Dressup" (1984–1994) and she made her film debut in "" (1985). Court continued to appear in educational productions, landing the lead role of Loonette the Clown on the series "The Big Comfy Couch" (1992–2002).

As a voice actress, Court has appeared in several animated series. She is mostly known as Lydia Deetz in "Beetlejuice", Jubilee in "X-Men", Nazz and May Kanker in "Ed, Edd n Eddy", Burrito in "Eckhart" and Willa in "Curious Minds". She was also the original voice of Claire Redfield in the "Resident Evil" franchise, voicing the character for all of her appearances from "Resident Evil 2" (1998) to "Resident Evil: Operation Raccoon City" (2012).


Stephanie Morgenstern

Stephanie Morgenstern (born December 10, 1965) is a Canadian actress, filmmaker, and screenwriter for television and film. 

She has worked on stage, film, and television in both English and French. Her most widely seen roles have been "The Sweet Hereafter, Maelström, Julie and Me" and "Forbidden Love".

Morgenstern is also known by anime fans as the voice of Sailor Venus in the DIC Entertainment English dub of "Sailor Moon" in the first few seasons as well as the movies. She also voiced the role of Regina of Dino Crisis 1 en Dino Crisis 2 of the famous franchise of Capcom.


Mark Rendall

Mark Rendall (born October 21, 1988) is a Canadian film, television and voice actor.

His roles include the lead in the 2004 movie, "Childstar" and Mick in season 1 of the Canadian television drama series "ReGenesis". He played Bastian Bux in the TV series, "Tales from the Neverending Story", and the title character in "The Interrogation of Michael Crowe".
He has also done voice work for the television series "Jane and the Dragon" and "Time Warp Trio", and starred in the popular PBS Kids TV series "Arthur" (seasons 7–8; season 6 redub). Recently, Rendall has appeared in several Hollywood films.

KBS America

KBS America is a Korean TV channel in the US.

Discovery Familia

Discovery Familia is an American Spanish-language family-oriented specialty television channel owned by Warner Bros. Discovery. The network launched on August 9, 2007.

The channel airs preschool-intended programming, programming for kids from 6 a.m to 11 a.m and family-oriented adult programming from 11 a.m to 6 a.m ET/PT.

As of February 2015, approximately 5.8 million American households (or 5% of households with television) receive Discovery Familia.


Saigon Broadcasting Television Network

SBTN is a Vietnamese channel in the US.

Shakuhachi meets Pena

Shakuhachi meets Pena is a musical composition and performance. It is a mixture of the performances of the traditional Japanese musical instrument Shakuhachi and the traditional Meitei musical instrument Pena. It is a maiden collaboration of traditional music between the two nations, India and Japan. It was performed by Motonaga Hiramu of Japan and Mayanglambam Mangangsana with his daughter Mangka Mayanglambam of Laihui, Imphal. It was performed at "The Giving Tree", Sangaiprou, Imphal West on the 28 November 2016. It was performed on the last day of a 3 day workshop on Shakuhachi conducted as a part of the "Manipur Japan Summit 2016". It was organised by the "Laihui" in collaboration with the Art Heals Trust, Imphal, Manipur and the The Japan Foundation, New Delhi.

According to Motonaga Hiromu, both Shakuhachi and Pena (musical instrument) have their own traditional styles of playing and they need to create something new to represent the traditional Meitei music. He further said that it took his team 7 continuous days to bring out their collaborative performance.

Mangka Mayanglambam said that it took her 5 days in learning the Japanese lullaby "Komori Uta" completely. Motonaga Hiromu gave her the Japanese lyrics in Latin script. However, her pronunciations differ and Motonaga Hiromu corrected her everyday. Both Hiromu and Mangka concluded that the tonal vibrations of "Komori Uta", the Japanese lullaby were very much similar to the Manipuri language lullaby named ""Tha Tha Thabungton"".

Enchantment (1921 movie)

Enchantment is a 1921 American romantic comedy movie directed by Robert G. Vignola and starring Marion Davies, Forrest Stanley, Corinne Barker, Maude Turner Gordon, Huntley Gordon, Edith Shayne. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Jaroslav Škarvan

Jaroslav Škarvan (3 April 1944 – 21 June 2022) was a Czechoslovak handball player. He competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, where he won a silver medal. He was born in Plzeň, Czechoslovakia.

Škarvan died on 21 June 2022, aged 78.


Vladimir Zelenko

Vladimir (Zev) Zelenko (1973 – June 30, 2022) was a Ukrainian-American physician, writer and conspiracy theorist. He was known for promoting a three-drug combination of hydroxychloroquine, zinc sulfate, and azithromycin as treatment for COVID-19. He also spread misinformation about the COVID-19 vaccination.

Zelenko died on June 30, 2022 at age 48, from cancer in New York City.

Alternate Prime Minister of Israel

The alternate prime minister of Israel () is the "de facto" deputy of the prime minister of Israel and the second highest ranking cabinet minister. His job is to replace the prime minister of Israel in a rotation government.

A Kiss in the Dark (1925 movie)

A Kiss in the Dark is a 1925 American silent comedy movie directed by Frank Tuttle and was based on the novel by Frederick Lonsdale. It stars Adolphe Menjou, Aileen Pringle, Lillian Rich, Ann Pennington, Kenneth MacKenna, Zeppo Marx and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Rosita (Sesame Street)

Rosita is a Muppet character on the children's television series "Sesame Street". Fluent in both American English and Mexican Spanish, she is the first regular bilingual Muppet on the show. Rosita comes from Mexico and likes to play the guitar.

Rosita was originally designed to look similar to a fruit bat and bore the name Rosita, La Monstrua de las Cuevas ("the monster of the caves"). However, her wings were removed in 2004 (the show's 35th season), but reinstated in 2021 (in the show’s 52nd season). She wears a ribbon in her hair, but in difference to Zoe she only wears one instead of two.

Rosita was introduced to the series in 1991.

Count von Count

Count von Count (known simply as the Count) is a mysterious but friendly vampire, Muppet on the long-running PBS/HBO children's television show "Sesame Street" who is meant to parody Bela Lugosi's portrayal of Count Dracula. He first appeared on the show in the Season 4 premiere in 1972, counting blocks in a sketch with Bert and Ernie.

Tjahjo Kumolo

Tjahjo Kumolo (1 December 1957 – 1 July 2022) was an Indonesian politician. He was the Minister of Administrative and Bureaucratic Reform from 2019 until his death. He also was the Minister of Home Affairs in President Joko Widodo's cabinet from 2014 to 2019. Kumolo was also a member of the People's Representative Council from 1987 to 1997 and again from 1999 to 2004. Kumolo was born in Surakarta, Indonesia.

Kumolo died on 1 July 2022 at a hospital in Jakarta, Indonesia at the age of 64.

Grandma's Boy (1922 movie)

Grandma's Boy is a 1922 American silent family comedy movie directed by Fred C. Newmeyer and starring Harold Lloyd, Mildred Davis, Anna Townsend, Dick Sutherland, Noah Young, Charles Stevenson.


Bert and Ernie

Bert and Ernie are two Muppet characters who appear together in numerous skits on the long-running PBS/HBO children's television show, "Sesame Street". Originated by Frank Oz and Jim Henson, the characters are currently performed by puppeteers Eric Jacobson and Peter Linz; Oz performed Bert until 2006.

Arden Cho

Arden Lim Cho (born August 16, 1985) is an American actress, singer and model. She is best known for her role as Kira Yukimura on "Teen Wolf". 

Richard Hunt (puppeteer)

Richard Hunt (August 17, 1951 – January 7, 1992) was an American puppeteer. 

He is best known as a Muppet performer on "Sesame Street", "The Muppet Show", "Fraggle Rock", and other projects for The Jim Henson Company. His roles on "The Muppet Show" included Scooter, Statler, Janice, Beaker, and Sweetums and characters on Sesame Street include Gladys the Cow, Don Music, and Forgetful Jones.

Longeville

Longeville () is a commune. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in the Doubs department in eastern France.

As the name suggests, Longeville is a long, narrow village It is the highest commune in the canton.

The Capusin and Mont Belvoir slopes, which are 850m high, dominate the valley of the Loue River.

Cheese production is an important industry, especially Comté. Comté is a hard cheese made of cow's milk. It is similar to Gruyère.



Onans

Onans () is a commune. It is in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region which is in eastern France.


Henk Blok

Henk Blok (born 4 January 1922) is a former Dutch volleyball coach.

Blok was for almost 40 years coach of the men’s and later women’s national volleybal team.

In 1946 he graduated from the Sport Academy in The Hague and started working there as a teacher. He was trainer in athletics, basketball and volleyball. The volleyball group got the name “Celebes”, after the street name were two of his pupils lived. In 1940 the volleyball club was founded under that name. In this team were among others , Jan van Zweeden, Rinus van Zweeden and Henny de Ruijter.

The men’s teams were unbeaten, but at the time there was not a national competition. After the Dutch national volleyball federation, Nederlandse Volleybalbond, was founded in 1948 the women’s team started winning prizes. The team became in the second year (1949) national champion. The women’s became again national champion in 1955, 1956, 1958 and 1959. The team also played internationally, including to Moscow in 1962 during the Cold War. In later year, when Blok still had an assisting role, the team became national champion in 1964, 1965, 1966, 1967, 1969 and 1972 (the later two under new club name Haag ’68).

Blok was head coach for almost 15 years of the Netherlands women's national volleyball team until between 1949 and 1963.

After being coach of the women’s, Blok became in 1963 head coach of the Netherlands men's national volleyball team and stopped coaching the women’s national team. The national team became West-European Champion in Brussels. With this result the team also qualified for the 1964 Summer Olympics where volleyball was played for the first time. Blok pointed out that volleyball was not professional enough to come to world class achievements.

After a disappoint 1967 European championships he stopped as head coach in 1968.

In 1970 he received a medal of honor from the Dutch volleyball federation.

Blok was born on 4 January 1922 in Statenkwartier, The Hague, as the second of four children. His father was teacher and his women house wife. When he was young he did fencing and boxing. During World War II he has to leave his home as the Germans occupied the area. With having a Student card he didn’t had to move to Germany. Near the end of the war he moved to Sleeuwijk with an illegal document, with false SS stamps. He helps distributing food from Biesbosch farmer to Gorinchem. After the war he moved back to The Hague, where he graduated in 1946 and became teacher. In 1958 he married to Annet, a student he met when he was teacher at the Sports Academy. They had three children (son Michiel, and dochters Marlie and Dorien) and eight grand children. He retired in 1987. In November 2021, at the age of 99, he gave his last interview.

Newspaper articles about Blok — via Delpher

64 Zoo Lane

64 Zoo Lane is an American children's cartoon animated series. It was created by An Vrombaut. The series is made by the American animation Studio Millimages and the American-based Zoo Lane Productions. The Itsy Bitsy Entertainment Company worked on Series 1 and 2.






<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


BMX Bandits (movie)

BMX Bandits is a 1983 Australian American action adventure comedy movie directed by Brian Trenchard-Smith and starring Nicole Kidman (in her debut), Bryan Marshall, David Argue, Angelo D'Angelo. It was distributed by Filmways Australasian Distributors.


List of Sierra Leone Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Sierra Leone Twenty20 International cricketers.

Sphaenorhynchus canga

Sphaenorhynchus canga is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais, Brazil.

The adult male frog is 26.2–30.2 mm long from nose to rear end. It has a white line from each eye all the way to its rear end. It has a dark line from its nose to past the eye. The skin on the frog's back is light green in color. It has dark brown spots on its body. It has lighter brown spots on all four legs. There are shining lines on its face and the sides of its body. The belly is light green. Its skin is partially see-through: A person can look through its skin and see the muscles and green bones underneath. The iris of the eye is gold in color with brown marks.

Scientists have seen this frog in permanent bodies of water and semi-permanent bodies of water. Sometimes, people see it in temporary bodies of water. The male frog sings for the female frog while sitting on plants that float on the water.

Scientists have seen this frog on ironstone rocks that stick out. These places are called "canga."

Athletics at the 1930 Women's World Games – triathlon

The triathlon events at the 1930 Women's World Games was held in Prague at the Letná Stadium. It was the first time of a combined track and field event at the Women's World Games. The triathlon event consisted on 100 metres, high jump and javelin throw competitions. The event concluded on 8 September 1930.

In August 1930 entrants were published of the athletes of 5 nations: the Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Italy and Great Britain. Listed below are the athletes from these nations who were entered for the thriathlon event.

On 8 September, after all three the events.

Músc mac Conaire

Músc mac Conaire was a legendary Irish prince who probably ruled parts of Munster in the 2nd century AD. He was the son of High King Conaire Cóem and Sariad ingen Conn.

Conaire Cóem

Conaire Cóem was a legendary Gaelic king who ruled the Irish and Scots. He reigned, according to the later historian Geoffrey Keating, from 136 to 143, and from 150 to 164 according to scholar George Buchanan. Conaire was the son of Mug Láma and the husband of Sariad ingen Conn, the daughter of Conn of the Hundred Battles.

1930 Women's World Games

The 1930 Women's World Games (Czech and Slovak III Ženské Světové Hry v Praze, French 3è Jeux Féminins Mondiaux ) were the third regular international Women's World Games, the tournament was held between September 6 - September 8 at the Letná Stadium in Prague.

The games were organized by the Fédération Sportive Féminine Internationale under Alice Milliat as a response to the IOC decision to include only a few women's events in the 1928 Olympic Games. The games attended an audience of 20,000 spectators.

The tournament was opened with an olympic style ceremony on 6 September 1930 at the Letná Stadium. The ceremony was attended by 20,000 spectators. It was bad weather with rain during the ceremony. The opening ceremony started with the parade of nations where the seventeen nations walked into the stadium. United Kingdom led the way, followed by the other countries in order of the czech alphabet. The teams were welcomed by Svagrovsky, the third chairman of the Fédération Sportive Féminine Internationale. Then there was a speech by the first mayor of Prague. After the speaches, thousands of carrier pigeons were released. There was a dance performance by 2000 youngsters, with loud enthusiasm from the audience.


In a source of the Czech Association for Olympic and Sport Philately also the sports shooting (4 and 6mm rifle, shooting from a 6mm pistol), Kayak and Swedish canoe races are listed as sports of the Games.

The games were attended by 200 participants from 17 nations. A special commemorative medal was issued for the participants.

Next to the above listed nations, the United States competed in the basketball America Zone tournament but didn’t qualify for the final.


Mug Láma

Mug Láma, (Anglicised as Mogald and Mogold) was a legendary king of Scots who ruled in the Ulaid. According to the 16th-century humanist scholar George Buchanan he succeeded Lughaid Allathach and ruled from 114 to 150.

Zishan Shah

Zishan Shah was born on 1 October 1987 in Brøndby. He is a cricketer from Denmark. He played for that country in a tournament in 2005.

Desmond Elliot

Desmond Elliot was born on the 4 of February 1974, he is a movie actor from Nigeria and also a movie director and politician. Elliot who has acted in more than two hundred films and many television programs, won the best-supporting actor in a drama at the 2nd Africa Magic Viewers Choice Awards and was also selected for the best-supporting actor at the 10th Africa Movie Academy Awards 

Yesterdays (Guns N' Roses song)

"Yesterdays" is the third song on the Guns N' Roses album Use Your Illusion II. It was written by Axl Rose, West Arkeen, Del James and Billy McCloud. The song is also on the band’s 2004 compilation Greatest Hits. There is a Vegas version on the album Live Era '87–'93. The song ended up at number eight on the UK Singles Chart and at number 72 on the US BillboardHot 100.

Yemen national under-17 football team

The Yemen national under-17 football team is a team of football players under 17 from Yemen. The team is controlled by the Yemen Football Association and played in the 2003 FIFA U-17 World Championship in Finland.

Willoughby Gray

John Willoughby Gray MBE was born on 5 November 1916. He died on 13 February 1993. He was an English actor on television and in movies. He is best known for playing Sir John Stevens in "Howards' Way".

Rashidi Yekini

Rashidi Yekini (23 October 1963 – 4 May 2012) was a Nigerian professional footballer who played as a forward. He is the all-time top goalscorer for his nation. He was widely considered as one of the best football players in Africa. 

His professional career, which lasted for more than 20 years, was mainly with Vitória de Setúbal in Portugal, but he also played in six other countries besides his own.

Yekini scored 37 goals as a Nigerian international footballer, and represented the nation in seven big tournaments, including two World Cups where he scored the country's first-ever goal in the competition. He was also named the African Footballer of the Year in 1993.

Wife Number Two

Wife Number Two is a 1917 American silent drama movie. It was directed and written by William Nigh. The movie starred Valeska Suratt. It was the second to last silent movie that Suratt acted in. The movie is lost. That means no one can watch it or find any copies of it.

Enoch Adeboye

Enoch Adejare Adeboye was born on 2nd of March 1942, He is a Nigerian pastor, General Overseer of Redeemed Christian Church of God in Lagos. Enoch Adejare Adeboye was born to a small village in Ifewara, near Ife, in Osun State, Nigeria. He was born into a very poor family background.

Terri Hawkes

Teresa Anne "Terrie" Hawkes (born May 11, 1958) is a Canadian actress and writer.


Susan Roman

Susan Roman (born April 12, 1957) is a Canadian voice actress and voice director, best known for voice acting the role of Lita/Sailor Jupiter in the Canada DiC (and later Cloverway/CWi) dub of the anime, "Sailor Moon". She is one of the few voice actors to remain throughout the entire run of the Sailor Moon series.


Torrey DeVitto

Torrey Devitto is an American actress and musician. She plays Natalie Manning on NBC Chicago Med.

Foluke Adeboye

Foluke Adeboye was born on the 13th of July,1948. She is a wife to Enoch Adeboye. She was a child of the family of Jacob Adelusi Adeyokunnu, Ayeyokunnu was a prince of the kings family of Owa Obokun Oji in Ijeshaland, Osun State, Nigeria. Her father wasof the kings race. He was also a teacher in the Methodist mission and a Christian questioner. She is the oldest of six girls and four boys in the family.

Frndly TV

Frndly TV is an American television network.

Tony Daniels

Tony Daniels (born January 23, 1963 in Toronto, Ontario) is a Canadian voice actor.
He is well known for providing the voices of Uncle Flippy in "JoJo's Circus", as well as Jadeite and Wiseman in the original English dub of "Sailor Moon". He is also known for the voice of Gambit in "X-Men: The Animated Series" and "Marvel vs. Capcom" series. Daniels also provides voices for CBC Television and CBC News Network and appeared on camera in shows and films including "Code Name: Eternity", "Gracie's Choice", "Get Ed", and "Eerie, Indiana: The Other Dimension".

In the mid-2010s, he moved to New York City, however, he still does voice acting for Canadian productions.


Betty Cohen

Betty Susan Cohen (born July 27, 1956) is an American businesswoman and media executive. She is best known as the founder and original president of Cartoon Network from 1992 to 2001.
Cohen lives in New York City, New York.


Cartoon Cartoons

Cartoon Cartoons is a collective name used by Cartoon Network for their original animated television series originally aired between 1995 and 2003.


Diegetic music

Diegetic music or source music is a form of music in movies and dramas. It is when the audience hears the same thing the characters hear. In storytelling, it is called diegesis. Non-diegetic music is when the characters cannot hear the music. Diegetic sound can include noises of objects or voices in the story. 

Diegetic music is common in movies. The characters in a film hear something and the audience hears the same thing. If a character in the film turns on a CD player and listens to music and the audience hears it, this is called diegetic. In the film "Titanic", a string quartet plays music while the ship is sinking. The people on the ship hear the music and the audience hears the music. In "Apocalypse Now", helicopters are raiding a village. The leading colonel turns on a loud stereo with the music The Ride of the Valkyries by Richard Wagner. The soldiers hear this music and the audience hear it too. When Marty Mcfly plays his guitar in "Back to the Future", both the characters in the film and the viewers hear it. Marty plays music from the future. The listeners in the film do not know the music, but the music is still diegetic. 

There are variations to diegetic music. One is "metadiagetic" sound. These are sounds the characters imagine. The sounds are not heard in the surrounding reality. This is not that common in films. An example is in "Amadeus" (1984). Composer Antonio Salieri, played by F. Murray Abraham is reading music composed by Mozart and the audience hears what Salieri imagines in his head. There is no actual orchestra present in the scene playing the music. 

There is also "cross-over diegesis." This is when the music goes from diegetic to non-diegetic. "Non-diegetic" music is not heard by the audience. In "Star Wars", most of the score is "non-diegetic" orchestra work that John Williams composed. The music may describe characters or scenes like Leia's Theme or the Imperial March. However, only the audience hears this music. 

In musical theatre diegetic music has the same meaning. It is music in the narrative of the story. This is not necessarily when characters sing and are unaware. However, it is when there is a song literarily in the plot. For instance, in the "Sound of Music" the song Edelweiss is diegetic. Captain von Trapp is performing it in the story for others in the story.

FIFA 22

FIFA 22 is a 2021 association football simulation video game in Electronic Arts' "FIFA" series created by EA Vancouver and published by Electronic Arts. It was released for the Playstation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, Xbox Series X and Series S, Nintendo Switch, Google Stadia and Microsoft Windows.

2022 Atlantic hurricane season

The 2022 Atlantic hurricane season was an average season in terms of named storms, but slightly-below average in terms of Accumulated Cyclone Energy points. The season officially began on June 1, 2022, and ended on November 30, 2022. These dates, adopted by convention, historically describe the period each year when most Atlantic tropical cyclones form. The 2022 season was the first season since 2014 not to feature a pre-season storm.

This hurricane traveled from Mexico to Ireland.
This cyclone traveled from Cape Verde through the pacific Ocean

Carmen Osbahr

Carmen Osbahr-Vertiz (born April 21, 1962) is a Mexican-born American puppeteer, singer and voice actress who has performed Rosita in the popular hit children's series Sesame Street, since 1991. Osbahr has also performed Kiki Flores in The Puzzle Place and Lily in Johnny and the Sprites.

From September 8–10, 2017, she was an additional Muppet performer for a live show at the Hollywood Bowl titled The Muppets Take the Bowl, and the following year, she performed in London for The Muppets Take the O2.

Julia (Sesame Street)

Julia is a fictional character on the children's television program "Sesame Street". She is known for being the first "Sesame Street" character with autism.

Ryan Dillon

Ryan Dillon (born May 25, 1988) is an American puppeteer who has played Elmo since 2013, replacing Kevin Clash.

The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo

The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo is an American late-night talk show hosted by the Muppet character Elmo. It is a spin-off of "Sesame Street" and was developed exclusively for the HBO Max streaming service. The series, consisting of 13 episodes, debuted on HBO Max on May 27, 2020. The first three episodes were available at launch, after which new episodes were premiered weekly. Each episode runs for 15 minutes. In March 2021, the series was renewed for a second season which premiered on September 30, 2021, when the show moved to the service's Cartoonito section. However, in August 2022, the series was removed from HBO Max.

The host of the late-night talk show series is the Muppet character Elmo. The American program's main curricular goals are centered around children's bedtime routines, of which each episode demonstrates a different aspect. The Israeli program focuses primarily on long-form, in-depth celebrity interviews, designed to help younger viewers connect with others on a deeper level.

In Southeast Asia, the series is aired through HBO Go and episodes are released alongside their HBO Max releases in the United States. In Canada, the series premiered on Treehouse TV on September 5, 2020. In New Zealand, the series premiered on TVNZ OnDemand on January 8, 2021. The show began airing on Cartoon Network in the United States on January 28, 2022 under the Cartoonito brand.

Sesame Workshop announced the production of an Israeli adaptation of the series, titled "The Talk Show with Elmo" (תוכנית האירוח של אלמו), which is slated to premiere on Hop! Channel in October of the same year. 14 episodes have been produced.

The pilot show was directed by Benjamin Lehmann and was produced in January 2019, and features special guest Kacey Musgraves performing "Rubber Duckie". Full production of the series took place in November and December 2019.

In addition to Musgraves, confirmed guests were Jimmy Fallon, the Jonas Brothers, John Oliver, an uncredited actor Victor Joel Ortiz portraying Batman, Jason Sudeikis, Kwame Alexander, Sara Bareilles, Miles Brown, Ciara, Andy Cohen, Dan + Shay, Josh Groban, Mykal-Michelle Harris, H.E.R., Hoda Kotb, Lil Nas X, Blake Lively, John Mulaney, Pentatonix, Ben Platt, Jonathan Van Ness, Olivia Wilde and Sofia Carson. On March 29, 2021, HBO Max renewed the series for a second season.

"The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo" received positive reviews. Review aggregator Rotten Tomatoes gave the first season of the show an 81% "fresh" rating based on 16 reviews with an average rating of 7/10. The critical consensus is: "With great guests, fun games, and a lot of silly songs, "The Not-Too-Late Show with Elmo" is a fitting bedtime show for tots that parents may even enjoy as well". Metacritic, which assigns a weighted mean rating out of 100, assigned a rating score of 70 based on 8 critic reviews, meaning favorable reviews for the first season.

The show has been reviewed by "The Hollywood Reporter", "Variety", "The Week", and Comic Book Resources among others.


Psi Ursae Majoris

Psi Ursae Majoris is a red giant star in the constellation Ursa Major. It is located 145 light years away from the Sun and Earth. It is nearly 20 times larger than the Sun.

Delta Ursae Majoris

Delta Ursae Majoris, also called Megrez, is a white star located in the constellation Ursa Major. It is 1.4 times as wide as the Sun, but 14 times brighter.

Gamma Ursae Majoris

Gamma Ursae Majoris, also called Phad or Phecda, is a white star in the exclusively northern constellation of Ursa Major, with a smaller companion star. The primary white star is 3 times wider than the Sun.

Mizar

Mizar or Zeta Ursae Majoris is a binary star located in the Ursa Major constellation. It is also a companion to the fainter binary star of Alcor. Both are white stars a few times larger than the Sun and are located 83 light years away from the Sun.

Alcor (star)

Alcor or 80 Ursae Majoris is a binary star located in the Ursa Major constellation. It is also a companion to the brighter binary star of Mizar. The main star is a white star a few times larger than the Sun. Alcor is located 83 light years away from the Sun along with Mizar.

36 Ursae Majoris

36 Ursae Majoris is a star, slightly larger and hotter than the Sun, located nearly 42 light years away in the exclusively northern constellation of Ursa Major. It is possible that the star has planets or brown dwarfs orbiting it. 

What Happened to Santiago

Lo que le Pasó a Santiago "("; "English: "What Happened to Santiago")" is a 1989 Puerto Rican drama movie directed by Jacobo Morales (who also stars) and also starring Tommy Muñiz, Gladys Rodríguez, René Monclova, Johanna Rosaly, Roberto Vigoreaux. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1990.


New Looney Tunes

New Looney Tunes, originally titled Wabbit: A Looney Tunes Production in the US and Bugs! in some markets for its first season, is an American animated television series from Warner Bros. Animation based on the characters from "Looney Tunes" and "Merrie Melodies". The series debuted on September 21, 2015, on Cartoon Network, and continued with new episodes beginning on October 5, 2015, on Boomerang. Part way through the first season, new episodes would premiere on Boomerang's video on demand service before airing on television.

Blair Tickner

Blair Marshall Tickner was born 13 October 1993 in Napier. He is a New Zealand cricketer who played two One Day Internationals and 8 Twenty20 Internationals for New Zealand. He is set to take over the bowling attack once Neil Wagner retires from international cricket.

Muhammad Haji Ibrahim Egal

Mohamed Haji Ibrahim Egal (August 15, 1928 – May 3, 2002) was a Somalia politician who served as the President of Somaliland from 1993 to his death in 2002. He previously served as the first Prime Minister of the Somali Republic for eleven days in 1960 and again from 1967 to 1969.

Egal died on May 3, 2002 in Pretoria, South Africa at the age of 73.

Between Rings

Between Rings: The Esther Phiri Story is a 2014 Zambian Finnish documentary co-directed by Jessie Chisi and Salla Sorri and is based on the story about Esther Phiri Zambia's first female boxing champion.

Sanya Dharmasakti

Sanya Dharmasakti (April 5, 1907 – January 6, 2002) was a Thai jurist, university professor and politician. He served as the 12th Prime Minister of Thailand from 1973 to 1975. Sanya Dharmasakti was one of the most influential figures in the politics of Thailand

Dharmasakti died on January 6, 2002 in Bangkok, Thailand at the age of 94.

NCS Group

NCS Group (also known as NCS Pte Ltd or "NCS", previously known as National Computer Systems) is a multinational information technology company headquartered in Singapore. NCS has over 12,000 staff located in more than 20 cities across Asia Pacific.

NCS was founded in 1981 when the Government of Singapore begin to strengthen information technology for both the public and private company.

It was restructured as a commercial entity in 1996 and became a wholly owned subsidiary of SingTel Group in 1997. NCS adopted its current name on 1 November 2003.In 2002, SingTel Aeradio merged with NCS, retaining much of its identity as NCS Communications Engineering (NCS Comms Engg).

In 2008, NCS bought 60% of local rival IT company's shares, Singapore Computer Systems, triggering a buyout of the company.

In 2020, NCS acquires digital services 2359 Media.

In 2005, Chong Yoke Sin became the Chief Executive Officer (CEO). She resigned in 2007 for personal reasons and Lim Eng took over as the CEO.

Lim retired in 2010 and Chief Operating Officer Chia Wee Boon took over as CEO.

On 1 August 2019, the Singtel Group appointed Ng Kuo Pin as the new CEO of NCS after Chia retired stepped down.

On 18 March 2022, Goh Sia Choon Jeffrey (sole Director and shareholder of SC Integrated Engineering Pte Ltd at the material time), Goh Hai Chew Edward (Director of NCS Communications Engineering Pte Ltd at the material time), and Lee Wen Han (Project Director of NCS CE at the material time), were charged in Singapore court for corruption practice. 

In exchange for advancing the SCI’s business interest with NCS CE and its parent company, NCS Group, Jeffrey gave bribe totalling about $96,000 Singapore Dollars in the form of air tickets, hotel stay at Israel, cash money and electronic products to Wen Han and Edward over 19 times between 17 May 2018 and 19 November 2019.

Jeffrey face 19 counts of corruptly giving bribe to Edward and Wen Han in exchange for business interests of SCI with NCS CE and NCS Group. Wen Han and Edward will each face 19 counts of conspiring to corruptly obtain bribe from Jeffrey as an exchange for boosting the business interests.

On 24 March 2020, Teo Joo Tye (Senior Technical Services Manager of NCS Group) and Ngiam Chee Chong (Director of Emersion IT Services Pte Ltd), were charged in Singapore court for corruption practice.

Teo Joo Tye accepted bribery from Ngiam Chee Chong, in exchange for Teo to recommend Emersion as a subcontractor of NCS Group to perform IT infrastructure works, relating to 13 contracts that were awarded to Emersion.

Soh Jun Sheng, a Malaysian desktop engineer from NCS Group, stole technology equipment worthing more than $62,000 in Singapore Dollars from the Info-Communications Media Development Authority (IMDA) while working under NCS Group. When Soh was working at NCS Group, he was deployed to IMDA for providing IT support and issuing laptops to IMDA employees. He was also allowed to access a few secured rooms at IMDA's office.

Soh owes the debt from gambling, and decided to steal technology equipment from IMDA and sell it at Carousell for profits to pay his gambling debt. While working in IMDA office, he stole 30 Lenovo ThinkPad laptops, 6 iPads, 6 Lenovo monitors, 17 docking stations, 80 Lenovo power adaptors, 25 laptop bags, and 32 Lenovo mice from the office. Soh's burglary act at IMDA was later discovered, an IT associate from NCS Group filed a police report and Soh was arrested on 4 June 2018. The police raided his home and office, and found numerous computer devices and accessories, some of which were belongs to Soh.

The IMDA later file a lawsuit against Soh. On 18 February 2019, Soh pleded guilty to 9 counts of criminal act and was sentenced to 2 years of imprisonment.

Esther Goh Tok Mui (Director of Business Development of NCS Pte Ltd at the time) was one of the women involved in the sex for contracts scandal with Peter Lim Sin Pang (commissioner of Singapore Civil Defence Force at the time). Between year 2010 and 2011, Esther Goh Tok Mui provided Lim Sin Pang sexual services or oral sex services in exchange for help in boosting the NCS Pte Ltd's business interests with the SCDF. Goh Tok Mui have sexual intercourse with Lim Sin Pang for a total of 7 times between April and November in 2011, at locations including a car park near to the Singapore Indoor Stadium and a HDB flat locate in Clementi.

Peter Lim Sin Pang was caught and arrested on 4 January 2012 by the Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau. He was later expelled by SCDF on 31 Aug 2013, and he was sentenced to 6 months of imprisonment for his corruption crime. The contract signed between SCDF and NCS were then reportedly investigated by the Ministry of Home Affairs. Because the incident had exposed, Goh Tok Mui left NCS Pte Ltd and it’s unknown if Goh was expelled or resigned.

On 16 February 2019, the Singapore's Ministry of Health (MOH) released statement stating that there was an error in the computer system, managed by NCS Group, for the Community Health Assist Scheme (CHAS). The error miscalculated the amount of health care aids applicants could receive through means-testing their income information. Thus, around 1,300 people received lower aids and 6,400 people received higher aids. 

The first problem in a result of a CHAS card holder was detected on 24 September 2018 by MOH. NCS Group was informed quickly, which then consider the problem by infrequent network connection problems. Between 9 October 2018 and 2 November 2018, another 5 more error cases were detected and leading into a deeper investigation. In November 2018, NCS Pte Ltd traced the reason of problems to a software version issue used on a server used by the system. The found issue happened during a merging of the system to another government data center in September 2018. The software version issue was resolved to fix an unrelated slow performance issue on 10 October 2018. However, wrong results created between 18 September 2018 and 10 October 2018 stays. 

Corrections were then carried out by MOH and NCS Group to estimate the impact on the affected applicants. MOH would then work with grant scheme administrators and healthcare institutions to follow up with notifications and repayment to the affected applicants. MOH reportedly had the intention to recover costs and expenses due to this incident from NCS Group as allowed in the contract between them.

On 18 October 2022, 9 foreign workers blocked the main entrance of NCS Hub, the company's headquarter in Singapore, and holding up signs protesting against the contractor company they work under for owing salary. Some workers holding signs written "欠債還錢" (owe money pay money) and one of them holds "上海忠記私人有限公司" (Shanghai Chong Kee Pte Ltd). The Singapore Police Force received call for assistance at around 1.50pm and deploy police officers to NCS Hub's entrance, the Ministry of Manpower confirms received alerts to the incident by the police. The NCS Group told the Singapore news media, Lianhe Zaobao, that this incident has nothing to do with NCS Group and claimed that it's a conflict between NCS Group's main contractor Shanghai Chong Kee Pte Ltd, and sub-contractor Zhengda Corporation, and the 9 workers who protested are employees under Zhengda Corporation. According to Zhengda Corporation, Shanghai Chong Kee did not make payment for weeks. The latter has since issued two cheques.

Echota Cherokee

The Echota Cherokee Tribe of Alabama is one of the nine state recognized native American tribes in Alabama and gained it's State recognition in 1984 in Opelika, Alabama. There are currently 57,896 Echota.

The current Chief of the Echota Cherokee is Emmett Turner. The Vice Chief is Rita Majors.

William A. Shedd, Jr.

Chief Joseph "Two Eagles" Stewart

Chief Thomas "Flying Bear" Hutto

Chief Joseph "Two Eagles" Stewart

Chief Wayne "Black Fox" Rasco

Chief David "Iron Bear" Sanderson

Chief Perry "Blue Wolf" White

Chief Billy "Gray Fox" Shaw

Chief Charlotte "Qua'Li" Hallmark

Chief Stanley "Lame Bear" Trimm

Chief Dennis "Red Stag" Wooten

Chief Rita "Drumgore" Majors

Chief Emmett Turner


The Freshman (1925 movie)

The Freshman is a 1925 American silent comedy movie directed by Fred C. Newmeyer and Sam Taylor and starring Harold Lloyd, Jobyna Ralston, Brooks Benedict, Hazel Keener, Pat Harmon. It was distributed by Pathé Exchange.


Fran Brill

Fran Brill (born September 30, 1946) is an American retired actress and puppeteer.

There's a Girl in My Soup

There's a Girl in My Soup is a 1970 British romantic comedy movie directed by Roy Boulting and was based on the stage play of the same name. It stars Goldie Hawn, Peter Sellers, Tony Britton, Judy Campbell, Nicky Henson, Diana Dors, Oscar Quitak, Nicola Pagett, Gabrielle Drake, Thorley Walters, Christopher Cazenove and was distributed by Columbia Pictures. 


Nelleke Stuy van der Herik

Nelleke “Nel” Dikshoorn-Stuy van der Herik with surname also written as Stuy van den Herik is a former Dutch volleyball player. She played with AMVJ, Amsterdam and the Netherlands women's national volleyball team.

She was a player on the first Netherlands women's national volleyball team. She represented the Netherlands at the 1949 Women's European Volleyball Championship and 1951 Women's European Volleyball Championship.

She has multiple times been praised for her good smashes.

In the late 1940s main volleyball championships and leagues were born. Stuy van der Herik was a player on the early volleyball teams. In 1948 AMVJ became the first Dutch National Champion at the inaugural Dutch Volleyball League. Both AMVJ as the Dutch national team played against one of the United States women's national volleyball teams in their first intercontinental match ever.

She participated at the 1949 Women's European Volleyball Championship, the inaugural European Volleyball Championships. As the national didn’t had at the time their own shirts, they borrowed the shirts of the national basketball team. Two years later she was also part of the team at the 1951 Women's European Volleyball Championship.

After not playing for a while for AMVJ, she was drafted back into the volleyball team from December 1951.

In the later years no main international championships held. During these years she competed with the national team at international invitation matches, including against Belgium in January 1953. and in June 1953

Due to an undesirable altitude at a training of the national team in 1953, she was suspended by the Dutch Volleyball Association for two years, just like six other women and five men. In may 1954 the conflict was resolved and the suspension was lifted. The same month she was called-up for the international match against Belgium. In October 1954 she played at the international volleyball tournament (Italy, France, Belgium and the Netherlands) in Paris. In November 1954 she played with the team against Belgium.

In February 1955 she played against France. Her last call-up for was later in February 1955, in preparation for the match against Belgium.

Where Are Your Children?

Where Are Your Children? is a 1943 American crime movie directed by William Nigh and starring Jackie Cooper, Gale Storm, Patricia Morrison, John Litel, Gertrude Michael, Anthony Warde, Addison Richards, Sarah Edwards, Betty Blythe. It was distributed by Monogram Pictures.

TANS Perú Flight 204

TANS Perú Flight 204 was a flight that crashed on August 23, 2005 near the Peruvian city of Pucallpa. 40 of the 98 people on board were killed.

The accident was the fifth most serious in August 2005, a dark month for commercial aviation, which also included, among others, the tragedies of Helios Airways Flight 522 and West Caribbean Flight 708.

Flight 204, carried out in a Boeing 737, left Lima's Jorge Chávez International Airport at 2:24 p.m. for a 53-minute flight to Pucallpa. At 14:52, the crew began the descent to the Pucallpa airport. 

At that time, the weather conditions began to worsen, preventing a visual approach from being made. Conditions continued to worsen, however the pilots continued with the maneuver. Suddenly the plane entered a heavy hailstorm that caused the pilots to lose situational awareness and fail to abort the maneuver. 

The plane finally crashed and split in two in the middle of the jungle at 15:09, just 5 kilometers from the airport.

40 of the people on the plane died. On board the aircraft were 73 Peruvians, 11 Americans, 4 Italians, 2 Brazilians, 1 Colombian, 1 Spanish and 1 Australian.
Flight 204 has been the subject of a "Reader's Digest" story and an MSNBC documentary. The Canadian TV series, "Air Crash Investigation", has also produced an episode about the accident named "Lack of Vision".

Karim Konaté

Karim Konaté (born 21 March 2004) is an Ivorian professional footballer. He plays as a forward for FC Red Bull Salzburg. He also plays for the Ivory Coast national team.

He started his career in the youth of ASEC Mimosas. In 2020 he became part of the first team. In his first season he scored 7 goals in 18 matches. 2022 he went on to the Austrian Bundesliga team FC Red Bull Salzburg where he signed a contract till 2027 and was loaned to FC Liefering. He made his debut for FC Liefering in July 2022 in the 2nd round of the Second League versus SK Vorwärts Steyr. 

He made his debut for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the away game against WSG Tirol on February 19, 2023. He came on in the 75th minute for Junior Adamu. He scored his first Bundesliga goal in the 85th minute. 

Konaté played his first match for thr Ivory Coast national team in a 0–0 World Cup 2022 qualifikation match against Mozambique on 3 March 2021.


Mr. Bean: The Animated Series

Mr. Bean is american animated sitcom comedy series produced by Cartoon Network Productions and Cartoon Network Studios and distributed by Warner Bros. Television. based on the 1990-1995 Live-action character of the same name created by Rowan Atkinson and Richard Curtis, The series centers Mr. Bean and Teddy episode returns to voice Van Partible and created by Mike Lazzo and Jeff Bennett aired on Cartoon Network from November 14, 2003 and July 1, 2022

In January 4, 2024, Season 4 was announced, set to release in 2025 on ITVX in the United Kingdom and Cartoonito in Europe.


Sphaenorhynchus cammaeus

Sphaenorhynchus cammaeus is a frog. It lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Reserva Biológica de Pedra Talhada, 850 meters above sea level.

The scientists who wrote the first paper about this frog wrote that the adult male frog was 24.8–29.3 mm long from nose to rear end. They only found one adult female frog. She was 26.6 mm long.

Mike Lazzo

Mike Lazzo is an American television producer, and the former executive vice president in charge of the Adult Swim programming block of Cartoon Network, and its production Williams Street the creator of Space Ghost Coast to Coast.

Helios Airways Flight 522

On August 14, 2005, Helios Airways Flight 522 covered the route between Larnaca International Airport (Cyprus), and Ruzyně International Airport (Prague, Czech Republic), with a stopover in Athens (Greece). The aircraft, a Boeing 737, collided with a mountain at 09:04 UTC on that day, near Grammatiko, 40 km north of Athens (with 115 passengers and six crew members on board), while on approach to Athens airport capital. All people on board died.

It is the deadliest aviation disaster in Greek history.

The flight captain was Hans-Jürgen Merten, a 59-year-old German pilot hired by Helios for the holiday season, who had been flying for 35 years and had a total of 16,900 flight hours, 5,500 of them on Boeing 737s. 

The first officer was Pampos Charalambous, a 51-year-old Cypriot pilot who had flown exclusively on Helios for the last five years, accumulating 7,549 flight hours throughout his career, 3,991 of them on the Boeing 737.

The bodies of 118 people were recovered. The passenger list included 93 adults and 22 children. The passengers comprised 103 Cypriot nationals and 12 Greek nationals.

The cause of the accident was due to the fact that after takeoff, as the aircraft gained altitude, a failure when configuring the pressurization regulator caused the loss of consciousness of both the pilots and the passengers due to hypoxia, turning the aircraft into at that time in a "ghost flight" that was only kept flying by the operation of the autopilot. Finally, already over Greek territory, it hit a hill due to lack of fuel.

The accident was the largest in the history of Greek aviation, along with one of the most serious in August 2005, a dark month for commercial aviation, which also featured, among others, the tragedies of West Caribbean Airways Flight 708 and TANS Perú Flight 204.

Slender-legged tree frogs

Osteocephalus is a group of frogs. In English, they are named the slender-legged tree frogs. They are a genus in the family Hylidae. They live in the Guianas, the Amazon Basin, Venezuela, Colombia, southeastern Brazil, and northeastern Argentina. Male frogs have warty, bumpy skin, and female frogs have smooth skin.

There are 25 species in "Osteocephalus":



Manaus slender-legged tree frog

The Manaus slender-legged tree frog ("Osteocephalus taurinus ") is a frog. It lives in the places around the Amazon River and Orinoco River. This is in Venezuela, Guyana, French Guiana, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru, Bolivia, and Brazil.

The adult male frog is 71 to 92 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 90 to 101 mm. The male frogs have warty skin on their backs and the female frogs have no warts. The skin of the frog's back is brown. Some frogs have a light brown line down the middle of the back. The back legs have dark brown stripes going sideways. The iris of the eye is gold in color with black marks. The belly is light in color.

This frog lives in trees almost all the time. It hides during the day and looks for food at night. People have seen it in primary forest and secondary forest. When the male frogs sing for the female frogs, they sit on short plants or in the water. The female frog lays 2000 eggs at a time. The eggs are black in color. The female frog lays eggs on the surface of the water.

The tadpoles eat frog eggs. They eat the eggs of other types of frogs but also the eggs of the Manaus slender-legged tree frog.

Helios Airways

Helios Airways was a low-cost airline that operated various scheduled and charter flights between Cyprus and various European destinations.
The airline ceased its flights on November 6, 2006 due to the Cypriot government suspending the company's operations and freezing its bank accounts.


Badagry festival

Badagry festival is a yearly even which takes place in Badagry, a town in Lagos State, in Nigeria. It is planned by the African Renaissance Foundation (AREFO). The event shows the importance of the olden town during the slave trade period. It is a showcasing of culture and a display of African pride. The planner brings the native and culture-loving person's from many places of the world to come celebrate the festival. One of the most important is the physical showcasing by the masquerades, dancers, and fire eaters. It also shows football activities, the beating of Sato drum and freedom day happiness.
The festival started in 1999 to celebrate the end of slave trade period and the importance of the olden city during the period.
The SATO drum is a native drum usually beaten during celebrations,it is 3m tall and is played with 7sticks

Category African culture

Your Latest Trick

"Your Latest Trick" is a song by Dire Straits. It is the fourth song on the band’s fifth album, "Brothers in Arms" (1985). It was the album's fifth and last single. It was also on the live album "On the Night". The same live version is on "". The full-length version was on the compilation "".

You Could Be Mine

"You Could Be Mine" is a song by the American rockband Guns N' Roses. It is from their fourth album, Use Your Illusion II. The song came out on June 21, 1991. It was the first single from any of the "Use Your Illusion" albums. The song first came out in director James Cameron's 1991 movie, . Along with "Civil War", another song from Use Your Illusion II, You Could Be Mine was at number 29 on the US Billboard Hot 100, number three on the UK Singles Chart, and number one in Finland and Spain. It was also in the top five in more than 10 other countries.

Woman in the Moon

Woman in the Moon is a German science fiction silent movie. It was first shown on 15 October 1929 at the UFA-Palast am Zoo theater in Berlin. There were 2000 people in the audience. Many people say it is one of the first "serious" science fiction films. It was directed by Fritz Lang. it was written by his wife Thea von Harbou. It was based on von Harbou’s 1928 book, The Rocket to the Moon. In the US it was called By Rocket to the Moon. In the UK it was called Woman in the Moon. A large group of people watching got to see how rockets work for the first time. The movie was recorded between October 1928 and June 1929 at the UFA studios in Neubabelsberg, near Berlin.


Vinoth Baskaran

Vinoth Baskaran was born on 16 May 1990. He is a cricketer. He is from Singapore and is a Twenty20 International cricket.

Ventura Highway

"Ventura Highway" is a song by the band America. It was written in 1972. It is from the band’s album Homecoming. The song was written by Dewey Bunnell.

Vaufrey

Vaufrey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Usman Khawaja

Usman Tariq Khawaja was born on 18 December 1986. He is an Australian cricketer who plays for Australia and Queensland. Khawaja started playing first-class cricket for New South Wales in 2008. He played his first international (involving the whole world) match for Australia in January 2011. Khawaja was born in Pakistan and moved to Australia with his family when he was five. He has played county cricket in the United Kingdom. For a short time, he played in the Indian Premier League and the Pakistan Super League.

Timber (Pitbull song)

"Timber" is a song recorded by American rapper Pitbull featuring American singer Kesha. It was released on October 7, 2013, through Polo Grounds and RCA Records. It is from Pitbull's EP, "Meltdown" (2013). The harmonica in the song is sampled from Lee Oskar's 1978 song "San Francisco Bay", and "Timber" also samples "Face Down, Ass Up" by Luke featuring 2 Live Crew; Leo Klaskin's "Superman" Theme; and Pitbull's own "11:59" featuring Vain.

The song was certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA) on June 23, 2022, for sales and streams of over 10 million equivalent copies in the US alone.

Duck Amuck

Duck Amuck is an American animated surreal comedy short movie. It was directed by Charles M. Jones and written by Van Partible. The short was released on September 15, 1965 as part of the Looney Tunes series, and stars Daffy Duck and Bugs Bunny uncredited for ending.

Boar's tusk helmet

The boar's tusk helmet is a type of military headwear used in Mycenaean Greece. The helmet was made of ivory from a boar's tusks and attached in rows onto a leather base padded with felt. 

A description of a boar's tusk helmet appears in the tenth book of Homer's "Iliad" where Odysseus is armed for a night-raid against the Trojans.

The number of ivory plates needed to make a helmet ranges from 40 to 140. Also, around forty to fifty boars would have to be killed to make just one helmet.


Glaucetas

Glaucetas, or Glauketas (; flourished 315–300 BC), was a Greek pirate mostly active in the Aegean Sea during the 4th century BC. Little is known about his life. Glaucetas is mentioned in ancient Greek inscriptions, or stone markings, describing how the navy of Athens led by Thymochares attacked his base on the island of Kythnos. In the end, the Athenian navy removed Glaucetas from Kythnos thus "making the sea safe for those that sailed thereon."



New Haven, Vermont

New Haven is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Orwell, Vermont

Orwell is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Panton, Vermont

Panton is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Ripton, Vermont

Ripton is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Salisbury, Vermont

Salisbury is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Shoreham, Vermont

Shoreham is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Starksboro, Vermont

Starksboro is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Waltham, Vermont

Waltham is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Weybridge, Vermont

Weybridge is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Whiting, Vermont

Whiting is a town in Addison County, Vermont, United States.

Arlington, Vermont

Arlington is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Dorset, Vermont

Dorset is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Glastenbury, Vermont

Glastenbury is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Landgrove, Vermont

Landgrove is a town in Bennington County, Vermont, United States.

Barnum, Minnesota

Barnum is a city in Carlton County, Minnesota, United States.

The Calling

The Calling is an American rock band from Los Angeles, California. It was formed in 1996 by lead singer and guitarist Alex Band and guitarist Aaron Kamin. The current, official lineup of the band (as of 2020) consists of Band, Daniel Thomson and Travis Loafman. Thomson and Loafman have both joined The Calling in 2016. They are best known for their hit single, "Wherever You Will Go", which topped the Adult Top 40 for 23 weeks, making it the second longest running number one in the chart’s history and later named the number one song of the decade of 2000s on the Adult Pop Charts by "Billboard" magazine. Their debut album "Camino Palmero" was released in July 2001 and was a commercial success.

Their second album "Two", was released in June 2004. Its lead single "Our Lives" was featured in the closing ceremonies of the 2004 Summer Olympics as well as the opening song of the 78th annual Academy Awards.

The band broke up in 2005, but in 2013, The Calling reformed with a new lineup.

The band was formed by Alex Band (lead vocals) and Aaron Kamin (lead guitar, backing vocals) when Kamin was dating Band's sister. Kamin and Band initially began jamming and writing songs as far back as 1996, and began gigging under the band name "Generation Gap" with a drummer who was twice their age. At this stage, the band also included saxophonist Benny Golbin, giving the songs a more jazzy sound reminiscent of Dave Matthews Band. Eventually, Band and Kamin ditched the "Gap" lineup, and briefly switched their name to "Next Door", which itself was a nod to Ron Fair, a veteran music business executive and Band's neighbor.

They quickly found their own sound amongst radio rock acts of the early 21st century such as Matchbox Twenty, Third Eye Blind, Train, and Fastball. By 1999, Fair was impressed enough by the demos to sign them to a record deal with RCA. They changed their name to "The Calling", which reflected the band's sense of purpose.

While the RCA deal was a huge boost, it also created a new problem for Band and Kamin: they had no solid band and, thus, had hardly toured and built a fanbase. Rather than putting them out on the road and building regional support, Fair worked intensely with Band and Kamin for over two years perfecting the debut album. The Calling's first album was recorded from 1999–2001, with Sean Woolstenhulme (formerly with Lifehouse) (rhythm guitar), Billy Mohler (bass), and Nate Wood (drums). The Calling's first album, "Camino Palmero", was issued in July 2001 and quickly became a hit due to the strength of its single, "Wherever You Will Go", which was named the No. 1 Adult Pop song of the decade by "Billboard" magazine. The song was featured prominently in the television series "Smallville's" first-season episode "Metamorphosis". It was also featured in the 2000 film "Coyote Ugly" with the group performing in the background in the first club scene, and in early trailers in 2001 for the "Star Trek" prequel series "". In an episode of the CBS television drama "Cold Case", "Frank's Best", the song is played at the end of the episode. "Camino Palmero" ultimately sold more than five million copies worldwide and was certified gold in the United States.

In June 2002, Woolstenhulme left The Calling. His replacement was Dino Meneghin. Mohler and Wood left in October 2002. In November 2003, former members Wood and Mohler sued Band, Kamin, and the group's management, accusing them of mismanagement, fraud, and asking for an audit of the money that was spent during their tenures in The Calling. They claimed that they were promised a share of the royalties and profits from touring and merchandise. Band and Kamin claimed that the two were not entitled to any records of the royalties.

In June 2004, the group returned with "Two". The album had three singles and accompanying videos: "Our Lives", "Things Will Go My Way", and "Anything". However, "Two" had disappointing sales compared to their first album.

After a lengthy world tour in support of the album, Kamin and Band decided to disband The Calling. They played a farewell show in Temecula, California on June 6, 2005. Alex then began pursuing a solo career and played occasional shows.

On August 15, 2013, Alex Band reformed The Calling with new members. The band performed their comeback gig at Bally's Atlantic City on August 17. On August 18, Band was reportedly abducted by two men that robbed him, beat him severely, and dumped him on train tracks in Lapeer, Michigan. He was taken to an emergency room at a nearby hospital, where he was treated and released. After only a few shows, the group broke up again.

In October 2016, The Calling reformed with a new lineup and performed in Manila, Philippines the following month. The Australian company ""Unbreakable Touring"" announced that the band were to perform in areas such as Adelaide, Sydney, Brisbane, Melbourne and Fremantle along with the rock band Juke Kartel and newcomer Mike Waters, but this was later postponed due to visa issues. In July 2017 it was announced that The Calling would be joining Lifehouse as support acts for Live's Australian leg of their world reunion tour.

Band said in an interview with Australian music website "may the rock be with you" in November 2017 that The Calling will be releasing new music soon.

Whilst on tour in February 2020 Band spoke in a video interview presentation with Welsh podcast SteegCast, in the video Band speaks of his future music plans and talks of new material, including even at some point releasing orchestral workings of some of The Calling's best known songs.

The band has cited that their influences include bands such as Pearl Jam, Bon Jovi, Live, Train, and U2.

Current members

Current touring musicians

Former members

Former touring musicians
Timeline

Murray Monster

Murray Monster is a fictional character and puppet on "Sesame Street". His puppeteer is Joey Mazzarino.

Krokodeilos Kladas

Krokodeilos Kladas (, 1425–1490) was a Greek military leader and rebel who fought in the medieval Peloponnese (called "Morea") against the Ottoman Empire for the Republic of Venice during the 15th century.

Krokodeilos Kladas, whose family moved from Epirus to the Peloponnese, was born in Koroni in 1425. His father was the Greek military chief Theodore Kladas. When Sultan Mehmed II conquered the Despotate of the Morea in 1460, Kladas surrendered Saint George Castle and was given in exchange Vardounia Castle in Mani, as well as the territory of Elos.

On 9 October 1480, Kladas led "stratioti" (Greek mercenary soldiers) from Koroni to attack Ottoman holdings in Mani. Both the Ottomans and the Venetians put a bounty on Kladas' head. This rebellion was joined in December by "stratioti" from Nafplion led by Theodore Bua. An army sent by the Ottoman sultan was defeated between Passavas and Oitylo in February 1481. Later that month, a larger army under Mohammed Bey drove Kladas to Porto Kagio where he was boarded onto a Neapolitan galley abandoning his revolt. A peaceful settlement of the rebellion was negotiated by the Ottoman governor of the Morea and Venetian official Bartolomeo Minio. Meanwhile, Kladas went with a Neapolitan army to Ottoman-controlled Albania to aid an anti-Ottoman revolt there. In 1490, he was captured in battle near Monemvasia and flayed alive 

The Kladas family is known in records from the Morea since 1296 when a ""Corcondille"" captured a castle controlled by the Franks for the Byzantine Greeks. Members of the family donated to a monastery at Mystra in 1366 and 1375. A "Krokodeilos" appears in the satire of Mazaris as one of the rebels against the Byzantine emperor Manuel II in 1415. The name "Krokontēlos" also appears on an inscribed donation to a church in Karytaina dated to the mid-1300s. Krokodeilos Kladas and his brothers are respected in Venetian sources. Also, Kladas was awarded Venetian knighthood and a gold robe just before the 1480 revolt.



Collin Dean

Collin Dean (born January 8, 2005) is an American actor.

Collin hails from Gilbert, Arizona, and he has an older sister named Michaela.

Dean was the voice of Lincoln Loud in the Nickelodeon animated series, "The Loud House" after replacing Grant Palmer in 2016. Collin Dean is also known for guest starring in the Cartoon Network animated series "Adventure Time" as "Tiffany," and for his background role in "Hotel Transylvania". Dean also had a minor role as one of the campers in the "American Dad!" episode, "Camp Campawanda," and co-starred with Elijah Wood in the 2014 Cartoon Network miniseries "Over the Garden Wall."

In 2012, he was cast as Todd in the Funny or Die short film, "Will Ferrell & Zach Galifianakis Debate Children".

In 2015, he appeared as Ruprecht the Elf, in the comedy horror Christmas film, "Krampus".


Grant Palmer

Grant Palmer (born August 30, 2002) is an American actor. He is best known for voicing Lincoln Loud in the Nickelodeon series, "The Loud House". After episode 22, he was supplanted by Collin Dean due to puberty, and has since had a recurring role as the character Grant from episode 52 onwards.

He also voices one of the Hatchlings in "The Angry Birds Movie". On camera, Palmer plays Waldo in "The Little Rascals Save the Day", Leland in "Comedy Bang! Bang!", and Nate in the Nickelodeon series "Game Shakers".

Liliana Mumy

Liliana Berry Davis Mumy (; born April 16, 1994) is an American actress. Between 2002 and 2006, she appeared as Jessica Baker in the two "Cheaper by the Dozen" movies and as Lucy Miller in the second and third films of "The Santa Clause" trilogy.

In animation, Mumy performed the voice of Mertle Edmonds in the "Lilo & Stitch" franchise. For Cartoon Network she has voiced Panini in "Chowder". For Nickelodeon, she has voiced Human Kimberly in "Catscratch", Roxy in the Nickelodeon revival of "Winx Club", and Leni Loud in "The Loud House".

Catherine Taber

Catherine Anne Taber (born December 30, 1979) is an American actress. She is known for voicing Padmé Amidala in "" and Lori Loud on "The Loud House".

Theodore Bua

Theodore Bua, or Theodore Bouas (Greek: Θεόδωρος Μπούας), was a 15th-century Greek military leader from Albania who served as a captain of the "stradioti" of the Republic of Venice.

When the Ottomans and the Venetians made peace in 1479 (Treaty of Constantinople), Theodore Bouas left the Venetian army and joined the revolt of Krokodeilos Kladas in the Peloponnese (called "Morea"). The Venetian official Bartolomeo Minio recorded an event where the Venetian commander of Nafplio sent a group of "stratioti" against Bouas and Mexa Busichi but the soldiers did not attack because they were compatriots. The rebellion failed after both leaders ended their alliance. Afterwards, Bouas returned to Venetian territory but was jailed in Monemvasia.


Caleel Harris

Caleel Harris (born April 19, 2003) is an American actor.

Murray

Murray might mean:


Murray Monster, a muppet in "Sesame Street"

Mazaris

Mazaris () was a 15th-century Byzantine Greek author who wrote a satire titled "Mazaris' Journey to Hades". Because his life is unknown, Mazaris has been loosely connected to two people with the same name: Manuel Mazaris, a hymnographer and "protonotarios" (or "chief notary") of Thessaloniki, and Maximus Mazaris, a monk and author of a book on rules of grammar. "Mazaris' Journey to Hades" may have been written between January 1414 and October 1415. It ridicules some Byzantine elites and exposes the evils of the lower classes in the Peloponnese.


Cineflix

Cineflix Media is a canadian global media production and distribution company.

Smithsonian Channel

Smithsonian Channel is an American pay television channel owned by Paramount Global, featuring content inspired by the Smithsonian Institution's museums.

The channel features original nonfiction programming that covers a wide range of historical, scientific, and cultural topics.


Mana (video game series)

Mana series known in Japan as Seiken Densetsu (lit. The Legend of the Sacred Sword) is an action role-playing video game released by SquareSoft (now Square Enix).

The series began with collaborations with "Final Fantasy" series called "Final Fantasy Adventure" ("Seiken Densetsu" in Japan and in Europe called "Mystic Quest") on June 28, 1991. Later after the first game was released, the "Mana" series had a standalone unit with the second installment "Secret of Mana" that was released in 1993 for Game Boy. In 1995, their third installment, "Trials of Mana" was released on Super Nintendo Entertainment System/Super Famicom, and at last "Legend of Mana" released on PlayStation. A remake of the original game, "Sword of Mana" (2003), was released for Game Boy Advance. All of the main original series were role-playing games, though they included a wide variety of gameplay mechanics, and the stories of the games were connected only thematically.

In 2006 and 2007, four more games was released as a part of "World of Mana" subseries, an attempt by Square Enix to release games in a series of variety genres and consoles. These series where the player can play "Childern of Mana" (2006), a dungeon crawler video game released on Nintendo DS. And "Dawn of Mana", an 3D action-adventre game in 2007 for PlayStation 2, and also "Heroes of Mana" (2007) a real-time strategy for the DS. Three more games have been released, after the "World of Mana" subseries ended. "Cirlcle of Mana" (2013), a card-battle game only sale in Japan for the GREE mobile platform, one year later "Rise of Mana" a free-to-play action role-playing game only in Japan for iOS, Android, and PlayStation Vita. The last game "Adventures of Mana" a remake of "Final Fantasy Adventure" released in 2016, for the PlayStation Vita.

The "Mana" series has also released other games, such as "Collection of Mana", "Friends of Mana", "Trials of Mana" (2020), and "Echoes of Mana" (2022) the new entry in the "Mana" series to celebrate 30th anniversary.

Moon over Parador

Moon over Parador is a 1988 American romantic comedy movie directed by Paul Mazursky and starring Richard Dreyfuss, Raul Julia, Lorin Dreyfuss, Dana Delany, Jonathan Winters, Fernando Rey, Sônia Braga, Polly Holliday, and Sammy Davis Jr.. It was distributed by Universal Pictures. 


The story is about an American actor (Richard Dreyfuss) who is asked to impersonate the dictator (Lorin Dreyfuss) of the fictional South American country of Parador, after he dies of a heart attack, by the second man (Raul Julia) so he can take power and become the dictator of Parador himself.


Kohei Saito

Kohei Saito (born 31 January 1987) is a Japanese philosopher and researcher. He studies the history of economics. He is especially interested in Karl Marx and his philosophy and economics. He is an associate professor at the Graduate School of Arts and Sciences, University of Tokyo. He was one of the winners of 17th Japan Society for the Promotion of Science (JSPS) Prize for 2020. He won the award for his work on "An Ecological Turn in Marxian Economics."

His book, "Marx in the Anthropocene : Towards the Idea of Degrowth Communism" (人新世のマルクス：脱成長のコミュニズムへの道) became a surprise best-seller. It is especially popular with younger Japanese people. It is part of a new popularity for Marx in Japan.




Andrew Moray

Andrew Moray (d. 1297) was a supporter of William Wallace and helped win the Battle of Stirling Bridge, he died of his wounds after the battle.

Tim David

Timothy Hays David is a Singaporean-Australian cricketer (b. 16 March, 1996 in Singapore). He played 14 Twenty20 Internationals for Singapore and scored the highest score for batsman for Singapore. He is the son of Rod David.


Miep de Vries

Hermina “Miep” van Zweeden-de Vries (born 3 April 1928) is a former Dutch volleyball player. She played with Boemerang, Amsterdam, and the Netherlands women's national volleyball team. In her last year, she played with RVC Rotterdam.

She was a player on the earliest Netherlands women's national volleyball team. She represented the Netherlands at the 1949 Women's European Volleyball Championship and 1951 Women's European Volleyball Championship. She was captain of the national team.

With Boemerang, she became multiple times national champion in 1951. With RVC she also became national champion in 1960.

De Vries participated at the 1949 Women's European Volleyball Championship, the inaugural European Volleyball Championships. As the national didn’t have at the time on their own shirts, they borrowed the shirts of the national basketball team. Two years later she was also part of the team at the 1951 Women's European Volleyball Championship.

In the later years no main international championships held. During these years she competed with the national team at international invitation matches, including against Belgium in January 1953 and in June 1953.

Due to an undesirable altitude at a training of the national team in 1953, she was suspended by the Dutch Volleyball Association for two years, just like six other women and five men. In may 1954 the conflict was resolved and the suspension was lifted. The same month she was called-up for the international match against Belgium. In October 1954 she played at the international volleyball tournament (Italy, France, Belgium and the Netherlands) in Paris. In November 1954 she played her 15th international match in the match against Belgium.

In February 1955 she played against France. Her last international match was in May 1955 against Belgium. 

After the birth of her third child in 1959 she played with RVC Rotterdam. With RVC, where she was one of the key players, she became Dutch Women's Volleyball League champion in 1960.

De Vries was born on 3 April 1928 in Amsterdam. She married to international volleyball player Jan van Zweeden (1925-2001) on 13 July 1954, who was the brother of the head coach of the women’s team Cees van Zweeden. They had three children.

Osteocephalus planiceps

Osteocephalus planiceps is a frog. It lives in the places around the Amazon River. This is in Peru, Colombia, and Ecuador. Scientists think it might also live in Brazil. People have seen this frog between 200 and 700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 48.0–68.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 49.9–84.9 mm long. It is brown, gray-brown, or yellow-brown in color. It has dark brown stripes across its legs. The iris of the eye is bronze in color with black marks. Its bones are green in color.

This frog looks for food at night. It lives in forests and open areas.

This frog's scientific name "planiceps" comes from the Latin words "planus" for "flat" and "ceps" for "head."

Rohit Sharma

Rohit Gurunath Sharma (born 30 April 1987) is an Indian international cricketer. He is the current captain of the Indian national team. Rohit is known for his six hitting capabilities and is considered as one of the best white ball cricketer ever.


Musi language

Musi, or also known as Musai is an Austronesian language spoken by the Musi people.

Musi people are the indigenous ethnic group native to the Musi regions (the regencies of Musi Banyuasin, Musi Rawas, North Musi Rawas, and Banyuasin)— in the southeastern Sumatra, Indonesia.

Musi language is the first language of Musi people who natively lives at the Babat Toman, the Sungai Lilin, the Bayung Lencir, and the Sekayu districts of Musi Banyuasin, also in the Banyuasin III district of Banyuasin Regency.

The classification of words in Musi language is not based on the semantics (meaning), but on the basis of their structural characteristics, namely according to their distribution in phrases or sentences. Words that have the same distribution and behavior are grouped into one type of word.

Based on the data obtained, words in the Musi language can be grouped into three groups, namely:

Word formation in Musi language can occur in three ways, namely:

In closed syllables, and are realized as and , respectively.

The analysis of the syntactic structure of Musi language is divided into two main parts, namely the syntactic structure and the sentence type.
The syntactic structure or syntax of Musi language can be divided into four main groups, namely:

The description of each of these structures will be clearly seen in the following descriptions. Each structure will be described in detail and the patterns will be illustrated through examples in Musi language's speech.

The following texts are the Universal Declaration of Human Rights in Musi language along with the original declaration in English.
The following texts are the Parable of the Prodigal Son in Musi language along with its translation in English.
Here are examples of simple conversation in Musi language:


Palembang language

The Palembangnese also known as Palembang Malay ("Baso Palembang") or Musi is an Austronesian language spoken by Palembang Malay in South Sumatra, Indonesia. 

It has two separate but mutually intelligible dialect chains: Sari-sari and Jegho. It has become a "lingua franca" throughout major population centers in the province, and is often used polyglossically with Indonesian and other regional languages and dialects in the area.

Palembang language is a form of mixed language between the Malay and Javanese. Since parts of South Sumatra used to be under direct Javanese rule for quite a long time, the speech varieties of Palembang and its surrounding area are influenced by the Javanese down to their core vocabularies.

Musi people

Musi people (Musi: ) are indigenous ethnic group native to the Musi regions (the regencies of Musi Banyuasin, Musi Rawas, North Musi Rawas, and Banyuasin) in the southeastern Sumatra, Indonesia. They speak the Musi language and share common history and culture.

Musi language is the first language of Musi people who natively lives at the Babat Toman, the Sungai Lilin, the Bayung Lencir, and the Sekayu districts of Musi Banyuasin, also in the Banyuasin III district of Banyuasin Regency. It is also spoken by the Musi diaspora as the second language in the neighbouring regions; which covering the area of the Banyuasin I, the Banyuasin II and the Talang Kelapa districts of Banyuasin, the Ulu Musi district of Empat Lawang Regency, as well as in the North Musi Rawas Regency generally.

Dialectologists identify that there are at least two main dialectical groups of Musi language, namely the Sekayu Musi and Duson Musi. 

Eventhough Sekayu classified as part of the Musi languages, however it is not the native language of Musi people, but Sekayu people instead. Sekayu Musi predominantly spoken by the Sekayu people at the Sekayu district of Musi Banyuasin Regency in South Sumatra. Hence, due to its significant differences compared to Musi people in terms of ethnolinguistic historical background, some of Sekayu people disagree with these classification and rather identified their native language as 'Sekayu language' instead. The name of "Sekayu" itself seen (by Sekayu people) as valuable term that shouldn't be mixed with another entity. 

the Doson Musi which literally means "rural". Accordance to its name, the Doson Musi predominantly spoken by Musi people who lived in the rural areas of Musi Banyuasin and Musi Rawas regencies, hence the Doson Musi oftenly seen or regarded as the 'rube' variety of Musi language. 

Alluvium

Alluvium is loose earth which sits on top of consolidated sediment (~ rock). It usually consists of loose gravel and clay.

Where people live, it is usually covered with "made ground". That is what we call pavements, buildings, and roads. They are the most obvious examples of made ground. 

There is a discussion about what other sediment deposits should be included under the term "alluvium".

Javanism

Javanism may refer to: 

Dubai Police Force

The Dubai Police Force (Arabic: القيادة العامة لشرطة دبي) is the 17,500 strong police force for the Emirate of Dubai, in the United Arab Emirates. 
There are currently eleven Dubai police stations in the city.

The Dubai Police Force has several luxury and high-performance vehicles (to be used in tourist areas), which include:



All of these vehicles are used for patrolling tourist areas.

There are 27 stations and they operate 24 hours a day and operate daily, including on weekends and holidays. The stations provide services in six languages, and they provide services in the following categories:


Music languages

Music languages is a language family spoken mostly in the southeastern part of Sumatra. This language family is part of Javanesic, which part of larger Austronesian language family.

Annie Apperloo-Wichgers

An “Annie” Apperloo-Wichgers (born 1932) is a former Dutch volleyball player. She played with SOS, Utrecht and the Netherlands women's national volleyball team.

With SOS she became national champion in 1950. With the Netherlands women's national volleyball team she represented the Netherlands at the 1951 Women's European Volleyball Championship and 1956 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship.

Wichgers was specialized in services and smashes.

After World War II, Wichers started playing volleyball with SOS in Utrecht. Quickly she became a player in the main team. She was invited to compete with the national team at the 1949 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, the inaugural European Volleyball Championships in Prague. However, her father didn’t wanted her to go, for study reasons.

In 1950 she became with SOS Dutch Women's Volleyball League champion. In 1951, with permission of her father, she competed with the national team to the 1951 European championships in Paris.

In the later years, no main international championships were held. During these years she competed with the national team at international invitation matches, including in 1953 against Belgium in January and June.

Due to an undesirable altitude at a training of the national team in 1953, she was suspended by the Dutch Volleyball Association for two years, just like six other women and five men. In may 1954 the conflict was resolved and the suspension was lifted. The same month she was called-up for the international match against Belgium. In October 1954 she played at the international volleyball tournament (Italy, France, Belgium and the Netherlands) in Paris. In November 1954 she played against Belgium, in February 1955 against France and in May 1955 against Belgium.

In 1956 she played with the national team at the 1956 FIVB Volleyball Women's World Championship, the first time the Dutch team competed at the World Championships. At the world championships she played her 25th international match.

Whichgers was born in 1932. She married Rinus Apperloo (1928-2016).

Senchus fer n-Alban

The "Senchus fer n-Alban" ("History of the Men of Scotland") was an Old Irish medieval text believed to have been compiled in the 10th century. It provides much information, however faulty, on the Gaelic kingdom of Dál Riata.

