Baahubali: The Beginning

Baahubali: The Beginning is a 2015 Indian epic action drama movie.

KV Vijayendra Prasad, father of renowned director S.S Rajamouli said in an interview that the story of Amarendra Bahubali is inspired from Karna, lord Rama and also has some shades of Yudhisthira too. On the other hand, Mahendra Bahubali’s story is based on the early life of Karna and slightly Vrishaketu, son of Karna who got the kingdom of Indraprastha.

Rajamouli said that, “My all movies are in parallel with Ramayana and Mahabharata, specially the Mahabharata. The Mahendra Bahubali’s resembling Vrishaketu who had to stay away from his royal family but at the end, he got the kingdom of Indraprastha. It also takes inspiration from Karna’s teenage life. Shivudu’s foster parents are in way similar to Adhirath and Radha. Since birth, both Karna and Bahubali are divine and thus nobody can stop their curiosity as a warrior. Sivagami resembles Kunti. Amarendra Bahubali is a mix of the virtuous Rama and the ever charming hero Karna. Both Bahubali and Karna were killed through deceit unfairly. Devasena is Sita from Ramayana. Avantika is drawn in parallel with Vrushali, friend of Karna since his teenage days.”

It is produced by Shobu Yarlagadda and Prasad Devineni under Arka Media Works. The director was S. S. Rajamouli. It was shot in Tamil and Telugu. It is about Sivudu, a young man who helps his love Avanthika rescue Devasena, the former queen of Mahishmati who is now a prisoner under the trule of king Bhallaladeva. It stars Prabhas, Rana Daggubati, Anushka Shetty, Tamannaah, Ramya Krishna, Sathyaraj, and Nassar. It was released on July 10, 2015. The movie followed with a sequel in 2017, which was called "".



Francisco Vera (activist)

Francisco Vera (born July 18, 2008 in Villeta, Colombia) is a climate change activist from Colombia, who received numerous death threats because of his activism.

Francisco was born in Colombia, where he grew. He has participated in numerous events to defend life.

José Alfredo Jiménez

José Alfredo Jiménez Sandoval (January 19, 1926 – November 23, 1973) was a Mexican Singer and Songwriter, he is considered the Father of Modern Mexican Music and Ranchera.



Miklós Horthy

Miklós Horthy de Nagybánya (18 June 1868 – 9 February 1957), was a Hungarian admiral and statesman who served as the regent of the Kingdom of Hungary between the two World Wars and throughout most of World War II – from 1 March 1920 to 15 October 1944.

Early Man

Early Man is a 2018 British stop motion animated sports comedy movie directed by Nick Park, the creator of "Wallace & Gromit", written by Mark Burton and James Higginson, and starring the voices of Eddie Redmayne, Tom Hiddleston, Maisie Williams and Timothy Spall. The movie follows a tribe of primitive Stone Age valley dwellers, who have to defend their land from bronze-using invaders in a football match. The movie premiered on 20 January 2018 at the BFI Southbank cinema.

Released theatrically on 26 January 2018, the movie received generally positive reviews from critics, who praised the animation, voice acting and humour, although some deemed it inferior to previous Aardman works. The movie underperformed at the box office, only grossing $54 million against a budget of $50 million.



F (New York City Subway service)

The F Queens Boulevard Express/Sixth Avenue Local are two rapid transit services in the B division of the New York City Subway . Their route bullets are colored orange , since they use and are part of the IND Sixth Avenue Line in Manhattan.

The F operates at all times between 179 Street in Jamaica , Queens and Stillwell Avenue in Coney Island , Brooklyn , making all stops except for an express section in Queens between Forest Hills - 71st Avenue and 21st Street - Queensbridge . Some trains terminate at Church Avenue or Kings Highway. Two scheduled rush hour trips in the peak direction run express in Brooklyn between Jay Street - Metrotech and Church Avenue , making one stop in between at Seventh Avenue. This express service was introduced in September 2019. In Brooklyn , local service is denoted as (F) in a circle shaped bullet while express service is donated as <F> in a diamond-shaped bullet.
The F trains equipment is the R160A-2 , R160B-1 as the R160B Alstom and R160B-2 as the R160B Siemens , the F train had R46s in the past but they got removed and the F train has R160s now .

Mark Fite

Mark Elliott Fite is an American actor and comedian.

Fite is a founding member of comedy troupe 2 Headed Dog with comedians Jim Turner, Dave Allen and Craig Anton. He is known for creating roles and performing in comedy shows including "The Tony Martini Variety Hour", "Bob's Office Party", "The Rudy Casoni Show", "Girly Magazine Party", "Clowntown City Limits" and "Wife Swappers".

He has appeared in television series including "SpongeBob SquarePants", " Infinity Train", "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D.", "Scandal", "Criminal Minds", "Clash-A-Rama!", "Parenthood", "Grey's Anatomy", "Rules of Engagement", "The Naked Trucker and T-Bone Show", "Friends", "Seinfeld" and "NewsRadio".

Kayvan Novak

Kayvan Novak (born November 23, 1978) is a British actor and comedian. He co-created and starred in the comedy series "Fonejacker" from 2006 to 2008 with a one-off in 2012, winning the BAFTA Telvision Awards for Best Comedy (Programme or Series) in 2008.

He also portrayed Waj in the 2010 comedy film "Four Lions", and he plays the vampire Nandor the Relentless in the mockumentary series "What We Do in the Shadows".

TelevisaUnivision

TelevisaUnivision is a Miami-based Mexican-American media conglomerate, founded on January 31, 2022.

It was founded after the merger of Univision Communications and Televisa (communications/production), to become the largest media company in Latin America.


Norodom Chakravuth

Prince Norodom Chakravuth is a member of the Royal House of Cambodia He became the leader of the royalist party of Cambodia, the FUNCINPEC, on February 9, 2022.

Victimless crime

A victimless crime is an illegal act that has no victim, as the act doesn't involve harm to anyone (apart from the person doing the crime). Criminalization of victimless acts is especially a contentious issue among those who identify with libertarianism.

Victimless crimes include things like possession of illegal drugs, owning guns, collecting rainwater in many cities, etc.

Mutual aid society

A mutual aid society, also called a benefit fraternity is an organization, like a charity that provides benefits such as insurance, medical care, financial aid for things like higher education and others. Mutual aid societies were common before the advent of the modern welfare state.

Voluntaryism

Voluntaryism is a political philosophy advocating that all interactions between people should be voluntary and based on consent. The word was first used by Auberon Herbert in the 19th century.

Gallows

A gallows or gallow is a structure used for hanging people.

Chain gang

A chain gang is a group of inmates working outdoors, often in the field or along the side of a road, while wearing shackles. Historically, chain gangs were part of many US states programs of penal forced labor.

Mike Dean (referee)

Michael "Mike" Dean is a English former professional referee who is currently a video assistant referee primarily in the Premier League. He is based in Heswall, Wirral, and is a member of the Cheshire County Football Association.

Since his appointment as a Select Group referee in 2000, Dean has officiated a number of notable matches, including the FA Community Shield and the finals of the FA Cup, Football League Cup and FA Trophy.

Chris Kavanagh (referee)

Christopher "Chris" Kavanagh is an English professional football referee who officiates primarily in the Premier League having been promoted to the Select Group of Referees in 2017.

École supérieure des techniques aéronautiques et de construction automobile

École supérieure des techniques aéronautiques et de construction automobile is a French private school. It was created in 1925.

It trains Master's degree graduates for aerospace, aviation, automobile and naval industries.

It is member of Groupe ISAE.



Open science

Open science is science that using open practices. Open science is transparent and accessible knowledge that is shared and developed through collaborative networks. It encompasses practices such as publishing open research, campaigning for open access, encouraging scientists to practice open-notebook science, broader dissemination and engagement in science<ref name="10.1016/j.joi.2021.101223"></ref> and generally making it easier to publish, access and communicate scientific knowledge.



Isthmohyla rivularis

The American chincona planatation tree frog ("Isthmohyla rivularis") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica and Panama. Scientists have seen it between 1210 and 2040 meters above sea level.

Open research

Open research is research that is openly accessible, usable, editable, and distributable by anyone for any purpose, even commercially. Open research is licensed with an open license that authorizes use of the content as described above.



Dimitar Kovačevski

Dimitar Kovačevski (; born 1974) is a Macedonian politician and economist who is the prime minister of North Macedonia from 17 January 2022 until 28 January 2024.

.мкд

.мкд is the internationalized Internet country code top-level domain (ccTLD) for North Macedonia.

National emblem of North Macedonia

The national emblem of North Macedonia has two curved garlands of wheat, tobacco leaves and opium poppy fruits, with a ribbon and embroidery (traditional Macedonian folk motifs).

Denes nad Makedonija

"" (, , meaning "Today over Macedonia") is the national anthem of North Macedonia. The song's music was composed by Todor Skalovski in 1941, and a couple of years later, the words of the song were written by Vlado Maleski.

Talat Xhaferi

Talat Xhaferi or Talat Dzaferi (; born 15 April 1962) is a Macedonian politician and the current Prime Minister of North Macedonia since January 2024. He was previously the President of the Assembly of the Republic of North Macedonia from 2017 until 2024.

Selina Griffiths

Selina Jane Griffiths (born 1969) is a British actress, mostly known for her performances in sitcoms. She played Pauline Maltby in the ITV comedy series "Benidorm". She is the daughter of Annette Crosbie.

Miiverse

Miiverse was a social network for Nintendo 3DS and Wii U. It was made by Nintendo and Hatena. It was powered by the Nintendo Network. Miiverse was made for people to talk with handwritten messages. In some communities, they made videos of games. You could use Miiverse with any web browser. There was also an app version. It was planned to be made for tablets and smartphones. All users who got a Nintendo Network ID were given a Miiverse account. They were given their own Mii avatar for that Nintendo Network ID.

On August 29, 2017, Nintendo of America said that Miiverse be shut down on November 7, 2017. Users could ask to get posts and screenshots they had made. Replies to posts, however, would not be able to be seen. It was shut down on November 7, 2017, at 10:00 pm PT. Wii U Chat was also discontinued at this time.

On January 3, 2018, an archive was made of every Miiverse that people could see. It had almost 17TB. This was called "Archiverse".

Rose Schlossberg

Rose Kennedy Schlossberg (born June 25, 1988) is an American actress and internet content creator. She is the eldest child of U.S. Ambassador Caroline Kennedy and the first born and eldest grandchild of President John F. Kennedy and First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.

Rose Kennedy Schlossberg was born on June 25, 1988 at Weill Cornell Medical Center in New York City to attorney Caroline Kennedy and fashion designer, Edwin Schlossberg in New York City. She is the eldest and first born grandchild of her maternal grandparents, John F. Kennedy, the 35th president of the United States and First Lady Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis.

Schlossberg was named after her maternal great-grandmother, Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy and was also described as a look-alike of her maternal grandmother, Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis. She has two younger siblings named, Tatiana Schlossberg and Jack Schlossberg.

She attended schools and universities such as, Brearley School, Harvard University, and New York University.

In 2016, Schlossberg co-launched a comedy end time web series with Mara Nelson Greenberg, called "End Times Girls Club."

Simon Greenall

Simon James Greenall (born 3 January 1958) is an English actor, producer, writer and voice artist. He portrayed Michael in the BBC television series "I Am Alan Partridge", as well as in "Alan Partridge: Alpha Papa", the caretaker in the CBBC game show "Trapped!", Richard in "Lucy Sullivan is Getting Married" and various roles in television comedies such as "Harry Enfield & Chums", "Armstrong and Miller", "Alas Smith & Jones", "The Impressions Show with Culshaw and Stephenson" and "Benidorm".

House of Zogu

The House of Zogu, is an Albanian dynasty that dates back to the early 14th century, the final ruler was Zog I, who was the King of Albania.

Flashpoint Archive

Flashpoint Archive is a project to preserve games and animations playable on web browsers. Major web browsers can no longer run over 100,000 of them due to removing NPAPI support. An Australian, Ben Latimore, started it in 2018 as part of Archive Team. A program allows the collection, which is 900 gigabytes, to be used by simulating the Internet.

It is named after and focused on Flash, but also supports Shockwave, Silverlight, Java, Unity Web Player and many more, as well as frameworks, such as ActiveX. 51 web technologies are preserved.

It is not known if the project is legal, but creators can ask for their programs to be removed.

Flashpoint has two main versions: Ultimate and Infinity. Ultimate has all games and animations from the start, while Infinity downloads their files when needed. There is also a Core version made for adding them, which has a tiny amount.


Zogu I Boulevard

The Zogu I Boulevard or Boulevard Zog I () (formerly Stalin Boulevard) is a major boulevard in Tirana, Albania, named after Zog I of Albania, who is the ruler of the country between 1925 and 1939.

Assembly of North Macedonia

The Assembly of the Republic of North Macedonia (, ), is the unicameral representative body of the citizens of North Macedonia.

ISO 3166-2:MK

ISO 3166-2:MK is the entry for North Macedonia in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Aromanians

The Aromanians () are an ethnic group who speak an Eastern Romance language and are native to the southern Balkans. There are several theories about them. The strongest theory says that they are descendants of Latin-speaking Greeks from areas of Ancient Greece like Macedonia. The Aromanians are called "Vlachs" but call themselves "Aromani" or "Arumani". In one of their songs called the "Song of Metsovo", Aromanians sing: "Νόι ντι του μούντσι χίμου Ελάσλι" (transliteration: "Nói nti tou moúntsi chímou Elásli", "We highlanders are the Hellenes").


Treaty of Union

The Treaty of Union is the treaty that created the Kingdom of Great Britain. The treaty says that the Kingdom of England, which included Wales, and the Kingdom of Scotland were to be "United into One Kingdom by the Name of Great Britain". At the time it was commonly called the Articles of Union.

The details of the Treaty were agreed on 22 July 1706. Separate Acts of Union were passed by the parliaments of England and Scotland. The treaty took effect on 1 May 1707.

Telephone numbers in North Macedonia

North Macedonia's telephone numbering plan is the system used for giving telephone numbers in North Macedonia.

Ovambo people

The Ovambo people (), also called Aawambo, Ambo, Aawambo (Ndonga, Nghandjera, Kwambi, Mbalantu), or Ovawambo (Kwanyama) are the main ethnic group in Namibia. They are 49% of the population in Namibia.
This table has the names, areas, dialect names and the locations of the Ovambo according to T. E. Tirronen's "Ndonga-English Dictionary." The table also has information about the of noun class of the Proto-Bantu language for these words.



Martim Moniz (Lisbon Metro)

Martim Moniz is a station on the Green Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Intendente (Lisbon Metro)

Intendente is a station on the Green Line of the Lisbon Metro.

Anjos (Lisbon Metro)

Anjos is a station on the Green Line of the Lisbon Metro.

2020 Algarve Cup

The 2020 Algarve Cup was the 27th edition of the Algarve Cup, it is a women's football tournament held annually in Portugal. It happened between 4 and 11 of March 2020.

Germany was the winner, Italy did not play the final because of the COVID-19 pandemic in Italy.

2019 Algarve Cup

The 2019 Algarve Cup was the 26th edition of the Algarve Cup, it is a women's football tournament held annually in Portugal. It happened from 27 February to 6 March.

Norway defeated Poland 3–0 in the final.

XUL

XUL ( ), which stands for XML User Interface Language, is a user interface markup language made by Mozilla. XUL is an XML dialect for writing graphical user interfaces, it lets developers write user interface elements in a way similar to web pages.

Quinta da Boa Vista

The Quinta da Boa Vista () is a public park in the São Cristóvão neighbourhood of the city of Rio de Janeiro in Brazil.

Quantum dot

Quantum dots (QDs) are semiconductor particles a few nanometres in size. They have optical and electronic properties which are different from larger particles because of the quantum mechanics. 

Socialist Republic of Macedonia

The Socialist Republic of Macedonia (), was one of the six constituent republics of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia, and a nation state of the Macedonians.

Birmingham campaign

The Birmingham Campaign was a series of anti-racial segregation protests that took place in Birmingham, Alabama in April of 1963. 
Birmingham, Alabama, was a segregated city in the early 1960s. This meant that black and white people had to be kept apart. There were a variety of schools, restaurants, drinking fountains, and housing options available to them. Jim Crow laws were even passed that authorized and enforced segregation. In most situations, amenities for black people, such as schools, were inferior to those for white people. Several African-American leaders agreed to organize a huge protest to bring the issue of segregation in Birmingham to the attention of the rest of the country.

Martin Luther King, Jr. was staying at the Gaston Motel when it was bombed on May 11th. Fortunately, he had departed earlier. In the residence of A.D. King, King's younger brother, another explosion exploded. In response to the explosions, the demonstrators became more violent. They rioted across the city, torching buildings and cars and assaulting police officers. To restore control, soldiers from the United States Army were dispatched.

Despite its best efforts, the campaign did not receive the national attention that its strategists had hoped for. They decided to include students in the demonstrations. On May 2, almost a thousand African-American kids skipped school to join the protests. Demonstrators quickly overflowed the cells in Birmingham. With the cells full. He used police dogs and fire hoses on the kids. Images of children being hosed down and dogs being mauled made national headlines. The protests had drawn the attention of the entire country.

Despite the fact that there were still numerous issues with racism, the Birmingham campaign helped to break down several barriers to segregation. When the new school year began in September of 1963, the schools were likewise integrated. The campaign's most important effect was the nationalization of the issues and the engagement of leaders like President John F. Kennedy.

Louisville metropolitan area

The Louisville Metropolitan Area is the area that spreads from Kentucky into parts of Indiana and is sometimes referred to as "Kentuckiana".

Yakutian horse

The Yakutian (Yakut: Саха ата, Sakha ata) or Yakut is a horse breed that is native to the Republic of Sakha (or Yakutia) in Siberia. It is similar to the Mongolian horse and Przewalski's horse, but is larger than them. It is special because of how it adapts to the very cold climate of Yakutia. It is able to find and graze on vegetation that is hidden under deep snow. It can survive without shelter in temperatures that reach −70 °C (−94 °F).

The breed averages 140 centimetres (13.3 hands) in stallions and 136 cm (13.2 h) in mares. It has a sturdy stature, thick mane, and heavy hair coat. It shares these traits with other northern horse breeds, like the Shetland pony, Fjord horse, and Icelandic horse.


Algyő

Algyő is a village in southern Hungary.

The Road 47 runs southwest to Szeged and northeast to Hódmezővásárhely.

Open hardware

Open hardware is hardware or device whose design documents such as raw material lists, circuit diagrams and circuit board introductory patterns are openly accessible, usable, editable and distributable by anyone. Design documents and other material are licensed under an open license. In addition, the firmware and device drivers required to use the device must be open source.



Professional Game Match Officials Limited

Professional Game Match Officials Limited (PGMOL) is the body responsible for match officials in English professional football.

Formerly known as Liverpool FC haters (lfch), it was formed when English referees became professional in 2001, to provide Officials for all games played in the Premier League, English Football League (EFL) and Football Association competitions. The organisation is funded by the Premier League, EFL and the FA.

The governing body has a senior refereeing group called Select Group.

The Select Group referees meet twice per month for training sessions and analysis of match videos and data.

In September 2016, Mark Halsey, a former member and a referee, claimed that PGMOL asked him to cover up the truth in match reports. PGMOL denied the claim, and no further action was taken.

Open protocol

Open protocol or open communication protocol is communication protocol. It is is openly accessible and usable by anyone. Use of open protocols is not restricted. Their specification are licensed with open license. The difference between open and closed protocol is that closed protocols are usually designed by a small group of people who can restrict the use of the protocol and change it in whatever way they want . Open protocols are usually designed by a large number of people. This makes the protocols more general and suitable for more uses.

Examples of open protocols:


Open standard

Open standard is a standard that is openly accessible and usable by anyone. It is also a prerequisite to use open license, non-discrimination and extensibility. Typically, anybody can participate in the development.

Examples of open standards:



Alarm in the Circus

Alarm in the Circus () is an East German crime movie. It was directed by Gerhard Klein. It was released in 1954.

"Alarm in the Circus" had 3.6 million watches in 1954. It was the biggest grossing East German movie that year. It sold 5,515,078 tickets in total. Klein and Kohlhaase both won the National Prize, 3rd degree, for their work on the movie.

The Catholic Film Service defined the film as "exciting, well-made crime film that presents the background of a divided Berlin in a highly authentic manner." Peter C. Rollins and John E. O'Connor wrote that it had "drawn a clear contrast between the city's halves that fit the official communist paradigm."

Highland Beach, Maryland

Highland Beach is a town in Anne Arundel County, Maryland, United States.

Elsmore, Kansas

Elsmore is a city in Allen County, Kansas, United States.

Humboldt, Kansas

Humboldt is a city in Allen County, Kansas, United States.

La Harpe, Kansas

La Harpe is a city in Allen County, Kansas, United States.

Mildred, Kansas

Mildred is a city in Allen County, Kansas, United States.

Moran, Kansas

Moran is a city in Allen County, Kansas, United States.

Savonburg, Kansas

Savonburg is a city in Allen County, Kansas, United States.

Throat lozenge

A throat lozenge (it is commonly called a cough drop) is a small pill that slowly breaks in a person's mouth. It breaks because it touches the spit in their mouth and dissolves. When it dissolves, medication inside the lozenge will enter their body. The medication is used for pain relief, stopping coughs, making your mouth wetter, stopping painful throats, or other things. They were first made in 1000 BC during Egypt's 20th Dynasty as candies that stop painful throats. They commonly use the drugs benzocaine, menthol, or the plant oil from eucalyptus trees. They sometimes use dextromethorphan to stop coughs and in the 1800s they used morphine and heroin for the same reason.

East Haven, Connecticut

East Haven is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States.

Middlebury, Connecticut

Middlebury is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States.

North Branford, Connecticut

North Branford is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States.

Prospect, Connecticut

Prospect is a town in New Haven County, Connecticut, United States.

Shaun the Sheep Movie

Shaun the Sheep Movie is a 2015 British stop-motion animated adventure comedy movie directed and written by Mark Burton and Richard Starzak and based on the British television series "Shaun the Sheep", created by Nick Park, which in turn is a spin-off of the 1995 "Wallace and Gromit" film, "A Close Shave". The movie follows Shaun and his flock into the big city to save their farmer, who finds himself with amnesia there as a result of their mischief. And an animal hunter follows all of them to capture them.

David Dunbar Buick

David Dunbar Buick (September 17, 1854 – March 5, 1929), was a Scottish-born inventor of American nationality, known for having founded Buick in 1899 and being its president until 1906.

He previously he had created the first nameplates of American History.


Dennis Sullivan

Dennis Parnell Sullivan (born February 12, 1941) is an American mathematician. He is known for his work in algebraic topology, geometric topology, and dynamical systems. He is a professor at Stony Brook University.

Sullivan won the Wolf Prize in Mathematics in 2010 and the Abel Prize in 2022.

Port Huron, Michigan

Port Huron is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan and the county seat of St. Clair County. The population was 28,983 at the 2020 census. 

Edmund Michał Piszcz

Edmund Michał Piszcz (17 November 1929 – 23 March 2022) was a Polish Roman Catholic prelate. He was the bishop of Warmia, Poland. On 25 March 1992, he was promoted to the rank of archbishop. He retired on 30 May 2006. He was born in Bydgoszcz, Poland.

Miriam Dell

Dame Miriam Patricia Dell (née Matthews; 14 June 1924 – 22 March 2022) was a New Zealand women's rights activist, botanist and schoolteacher. She was the president of the National Council of Women of New Zealand from 1970 to 1974. She was the first New Zealand president of the International Council of Women from 1979 to 1984.

Raymond Séguy

Raymond Gaston Joseph Séguy (8 December 1929 – 21 March 2022) was a French Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1954. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Gap, France from 1981 to 1987 and as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Autun, France, from 1987 until his retirement in 2006.

Gérard Istace

Gérard Istace (26 July 1935 – 21 March 2022) was a French politician. He was born in Nouzonville, France. He was a member of the Socialist Party. He was in the National Assembly from 1981 to 1986 and again from 1988 to 1993. 

Istace died in Revin, France on 21 March 2022 at the age of 86.

Nouzonville

Nouzonville () is a commune in the Ardennes department in northern France.

Revin

Revin () is a commune in the Ardennes department in the Grand Est region in northern France.

Christian Nodal

Christian Jesus González Nodal (born January 11, 1999) is a Mexican singer-songwriter and guitarist. His debut studio album, "Me Dejé Llevar" (2017), had positive reviews and became his well known work. Nodal has won three Latin Grammy Awards.

Lawrence Dane

Lawrence Joseph Zahab (April 3, 1937 – March 21, 2022), known professionally as Lawrence Dane, was a Canadian actor and movie producer. He was best known for his role as Lt. Preston in "Bride of Chucky". He retired in 2017.

Dane died from pancreatic cancer at Niagara-on-the-Lake, Canada on March 21, 2022 at the age of 84.

Scoey Mitchell

Scoey Mitchlll (March 12, 1930 – March 19, 2022), sometimes known as Scoey Mitchell, was an American actor, writer and television director. He was known for being in the game shows "Match Game" and "Tattletales". He starred in television series such as "Barefoot in the Park" and "Rhoda".

Pete Ward

Peter Thomas Ward (July 26, 1937 – March 16, 2022) was a Canadian professional baseball player. He appeared in 973 games over nine seasons in Major League Baseball for the Baltimore Orioles (1962), Chicago White Sox (1963–1969) and New York Yankees (1970). He finished in the Top 10 in the AL's Most Valuable Player poll in both 1963 (ninth) and 1964 (sixth).

José Ramiro Pellecer Samayoa

José Ramiro Pellecer Samayoa (10 October 1929 – 14 March 2022) was a Guatemalan Roman Catholic auxiliary bishop. He became a priest in 1954. He was titular bishop of "Teglata in Proconsuan" and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Guatemala, Guatemala, from 1968 until his retirement in 2010. He also was apostolic administrator of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Escuintla, Guatemala from 1982 to 1986.

Maria Simon (sociologist)

Maria Dorothea Simon (; 6 August 1918 – 8 March 2022) was an Austrian sociologist, psychologist, and scholar. She was the director of the "Akademie für Sozialarbeit der Stadt Wien" from 1970 to 1983. After her retirement, she was a Senior Representative at the World Federation for Mental Health.

Simon died on 8 March 2022 in Vienna, Austria at the age of 103.


Bob Williams (Washington politician)

Gomer Robert Williams (March 15, 1942 – March 15, 2022) was an American accountant and politician. He was a member of the Washington House of Representatives from 1979 to 1989. He was a member of the Republican Party. Williams was the Republican nominee for Governor of Washington in 1988, losing to Democrat Booth Gardner. 

In 1991, he founded the conservative think tank Freedom Foundation. He was born in Pennsylvania.

Williams died on his 80th birthday on March 15, 2022 in Longview, Washington.

Washington House of Representatives

The Washington House of Representatives is the lower house of the Washington State Legislature, and along with the Washington State Senate. They make up the legislature of the U.S. state of Washington. It is made of 98 Representatives from 49 districts.

Washington State Senate

The Washington State Senate is the upper house of the Washington State Legislature. The body has 49 members, each representing a district with a population of nearly 160,000. The State Senate meets at the Legislative Building in Olympia.

Fijian exonyms

The Fijian language has adopted many exonyms for places. This is a list of some major place name exonyms in Fijian.

Dave Bronson

David Bronson (born June 26, 1958) is an American politician, pilot, and retired military officer. She was the mayor of Anchorage, Alaska since 2021.

George Wuerch

George Poe Wuerch (born 1936) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He served as mayor of Anchorage, Alaska from 2000 to 2003.

In the 2003 mayoral election, he lost reelection to former city assemblyman Mark Begich.

Isthmus of Panama

The Isthmus of Panama () is the narrow strip of land that lies between the Caribbean Sea and the Pacific Ocean. It links North and South America. It contains the country of Panama and the Panama Canal.

The isthmus formed about four million years ago.<ref name="/"></ref> It separated the Atlantic and Pacific Oceans. It caused the Gulf Stream. 

Its history was first suggested in 1910 by North American paleontologist Henry Fairfield Osborn. He based the proposal on the fossil record of mammals in Central America. 

Osborn's ideas were used by Alfred Wegener when he proposed the theory of continental drift in 1912.

Ukrainian automobile number plates

Since Ukraine's independence in 1991, the country has used four main systems of vehicle registration plates.

The first system was introduced in 1992 and was based on the last Soviet Union's license plate conception, regulated by the 1977 standard, but with the addition of some new regional suffix corresponding to a Ukrainian province.

On 1 July 1995, the introduction of a completely new system consisting of five digits, with a little dash between the third and fourth digit, combined with a two letter suffix. It also included a two-digit region code, located under the National Flag on the left-hand side of the number plate.

In order to enable drivers using their vehicle abroad, and in order to adhere to the Vienna Convention on Road Traffic, Ukrainian regular license plates use only those Cyrillic characters where the glyph resembles a letter from the Roman alphabet; a total of 12 characters: А, В, Е, І, К, М, Н, О, Р, С, Т, Х).

Payson, Utah

Payson is a city in Utah County, Utah, United States. It is part of the Provo–Orem Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 21,101 at the 2020 census.

Mandana (given name)

Mandana is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Ukrainian alphabet

The Ukrainian alphabet is the set of letters used to write Ukrainian, which is the official language of Ukraine. It is based on the Cyrillic alphabet. It has 33 letters.

The 33 letters are:

А а, Б б, В в, Г г, Ґ ґ, Д д, Е е, Є є, Ж ж, З з, И и, І і, Ї ї, Й й, К к, Л л, М м, Н н, О о, П п, Р р, С с, Т т, У у, ф Ф, Х х, Ц ц, Ч ч, Ш ш, Щ щ, Ь ь, Ю ю, Я я

Conoco-Phillips Building

The Conoco-Phillips Building is a 22-story, office building. Construction began in 1981 and completed in 1983 as the ARCO Building. It is at 700 G Street in downtown Anchorage, Alaska and is the tallest building in both Anchorage and the state of Alaska. 

ISO 3166-2:UA

ISO 3166-2:UA is the entry for Ukraine in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Tim Keller (politician)

Timothy M. Keller (born November 22, 1977) is an American businessman and politician. He is the 30th mayor of Albuquerque, New Mexico since 2017. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was New Mexico State auditor before resigning to become mayor on December 1, 2017. 

Martin Chávez

Martin Joseph "Marty" Chávez (born March 2, 1952) is an American politician, businessman, and attorney. He was a member of the New Mexico Senate from 1987 to 1993 and as the 26th and 28th mayor of Albuquerque, New Mexico. He was the Executive Director of ICLEI Local Governments for Sustainability USA. He was a member of the national finance committee of the Hillary Clinton 2016 presidential campaign.

Inno Nazionale della Repubblica

"" ("National Anthem") is the national anthem of San Marino. It was written by Federico Consolo and replaced an older national anthem in 1894.

Personal stylist

A personal stylist advises individuals on new fashion trends, clothing styles, personal styles, colours and make-up. A personal stylist is not to be confused with a wardrobe stylist, who selects the clothing for published editorial features, print or Television advertising campaigns, music videos, concert performances, and public appearances made by celebrities and models. Personal stylists typically work one-on-one with the client, while Wardrobe Stylists are often part of a larger creative team collaborating with a fashion designer, Photographer, art director, hair stylist, and Makeup artist to put together a particular look or theme for the specific project. 


Alfonso XIII

Alfonso XIII (17 May 1886 – 28 February 1941), also known as El Africano or the African, was King of Spain from 17 May 1886 to 14 April 1931, the monarchy was abolished when the Second Republic was proclaimed.

Zand dynasty

The Zand dynasty (Persian: سلسله زندیه), was an Iranian dynasty founded by Karim Khan () who ruled all Iran excluding Khorasan of Zand clan of Lur tribe Lak tribe.


Zohreh

Zohreh (Persian: زهره, Arabic:الزهرة) is a Persian female given name which means "Venus". This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Dagny Carlsson

Dagny Valborg Carlsson ( Eriksson, 8 May 1912 – 24 March 2022) was a Swedish centenarian blogger and influencer. 

Carlsson was on many television shows such as TV4's "Nyhetsmorgon", SVT's "Fråga doktorn", "Gomorron Sverige" and the SVT documentary series "Det är inte så dumt att bli gammal". She was also a guest on the Nordic talk show "Skavlan". 

Carlsson died on 24 March 2022 in Solna Municipality, Sweden at the age of 109.

Luis Roldán

Luis Roldán Ibáñez (16 August 1943 – 24 March 2022) was a Spanish Socialist Workers' Party politician. He was the director general of the Civil Guard from 1986 until 1993. He was born in Zaragoza, Spain.

Roldán escaped from Spain in 1994 after being accused of fraud. He surrendered in 1995 at the airport in Bangkok. Between 1996 and 1998 he was tried in a court of Madrid. He was sentenced to 28 years in prison for embezzlement, bribery, tax evasion and fraud. In 2005 he was allowed out of prison to work. in an intermediate regime between the second and third degree.
Roldán died on 24 March 2022 in Zaragoza at the age of 78.

Müller (footballer, born 1966)

Luís Antônio Corrêa da Costa, nicknamed Müller, (born January 31, 1966) is a Brazilian football pundit and retired footballer who played as a second striker.










Peter I of Portugal

Peter I (, ; 8 April 1320 – 18 January 1367), called the Just ("o Justo") or the Cruel ("o Cruel"), was King of Portugal from 1357 until his death. 

Social philosophy

In contrast to empirical relationships, social philosophy analyzes concerns regarding the basis of social institutions, social behavior, and societal interpretations in terms of ethical principles.


Isthmohyla angustilineata

The narrow-lined tree frog ("Isthmohyla angustilineata") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica and Panama. Scientists have seen it between 1500 and 2040 meters above sea level.

This frog is brown or green in color with stripes on its sides. This frog has no webbing on its front feet, only on its back feet. All of its toes have disks on them for climbing.

This frog lives in forests that have a large amount of water in the air.

The female frog lays eggs in depressions in the ground.

List of minor planet discoverers

This is a list of minor-planet discoverers for people who have discovered of one or more minor planets (such as near-Earth and main-belt asteroids, Jupiter trojans and distant objects). , the discovery of 612,011 numbered minor planets are from 1141 astronomers and 253 observatories, telescopes or surveys "(see )".


Architectural style

Architectural style is the style of structures, such as buildings and bridges. One of the oldest groups to build most things in the same style were the Ancient Greeks between the 7th and 4th centuries BC. They built in the classical style.

Some architectural styles include:


São Nicolau (Lisbon)

São Nicolau () (English: "Saint Nicholas") was a civil parish ("freguesia") in the city and municipality of Lisbon, capital of Portugal.

Dian Bachar

Dian Donovan Bachar (born October 26, 1970 in Denver, Colorado) is an American actor most notable for his roles in various films by or starring his friends Trey Parker and Matt Stone, such as George Noon in "Cannibal! The Musical", Ben Chapleski in "Orgazmo" and his most famous role as Kenny "Squeak" Scolari in the 1998 film "BASEketball", as well as making occasional appearances on "South Park".


Maniraptoriformes

Maniraptoriformes is a clade of dinosaurs with feathers and wings. It contains ornithomimosaurs and maniraptorans. 

The group was named by Thomas Holtz. He defined it as "the most recent common ancestor of "Ornithomimus" and birds, and all descendants of that common ancestor".

My Name is Raj: Attack of the Demons

My Name is Raj: Attack of the Demons is a 2013 Indian Hindi-language animated action film directed by Shashikanth Ramawat and its screenplay was written by the RSS Brothers. It is the sequel to "" and "". It was followed by two sequels in 2017 and 2021, which were called "" and "", which were the last two films of the "My Name is Raj" film series.

Three friends, Raj, Meera, and Bala set sail on an adventurous journey to fight against their arch-enemy, the dark lord Kaalicharan, who wishes to conquer the world.


Carlos Rivera

Carlos Rivera Guerra, better known as Carlos Rivera (born March 15, 1986), is a Mexican singer. Rivera has released four studio albums and participated in six theatre productions.

In 2005, he signed with Sony Music and began working on a self-titled album. That year he recorded "Y Si tu Supieras" for the feature film "Mar de Sueños". The song was nominated for Best Original Song at the 2006 Diosas de Plata, an annual Mexican award ceremony hosted by the Mexican Film Journalism Association.

While working on the album, Rivera worked in theater. In 2006, he starred in the musical "Besame Mucho", and the following year performed in "Orgasmos La Comedia". By 2008, at 22 years old, Rivera had become the world's youngest actor to play the male lead in "Beauty and the Beast", the first major Broadway-like production produced by Disney in Mexico.

Rivera starred in his fourth theater production, "Mamma Mia!" in 2009. The project garnered him a nomination in the Best Co-Actor of the Year category by the Association of Journalists Theater.

His second studio album, "Mexicano", was recorded in 2010 and like its predecessor, which includes hits like "Te me vas" and "No soy el aire," it was certified gold. The project was produced by Kiko Campos.



David Krumholtz

David Krumholtz (born May 15, 1978) is an American actor and comedian. He played Mr. Universe in "Serenity", Charlie Eppes in the CBS series "Numb3rs", and starred in the "Harold & Kumar" and "The Santa Clause" franchises.

Strokkur

Strokkur is a geyser in Iceland. It is located in the geothermal region near the Hvítá River, east of the capital Reykjavík.

Strokkur's activity began in 1789 following an earthquake. Strokkur continued to erupt until 1896, when another earthquake blocked the geyser's water pipeline.

Strokkur is famous throughout Iceland and regularly attracts many tourists. People go there to see the geyser erupt.

The water present at a depth of 23 meters has a temperature of about 120 ° C, but cannot transform into a gaseous state due to the high pressure, due to the overlying mass of water. When this water reaches 16 meters deep, a certain amount can reach the boiling point and this induces the chain reaction that we see.

Miquelot de Prades

Miquel de Prades ( Balaguer ) ? 1462? - Belvedere Marittimo coast 1505), known by the name of Miquelot de Prades, was a Catalan soldier famous for his skill with the sword and various military deeds. There is no certain evidence that confirms whether three documented facts (about a fencer, about a murderer and about a soldier who died at sea) can be attributed to the same person.

The historian Jerónimo Zurita explains the assassination of Juan de Borja, son of Alexander VI in Rome, in the year 1497. The death was attributed to Michalot de Prats, who was at the service of the victim. 

Gonzalo Fernández de Oviedo y Valdés, in his work "Las Quinquagenas de la nobility de España", spoke of a Catalan soldier (Michalot de Pradas) who roamed Italy, winning all the duels with a sure thrust to the opponent's neck. Repentant of his life, that soldier went to take refuge in the monastery of Montserrat. One bad day an Italian soldier with two swords showed up and challenged Miquelot (saying that he wanted to see the secret thrust, claiming that he would know how to counter it). Miquelot flatly refused to fight but the other's insistence forced him to do so. The Italian ended up dead, with a thrust to the neck. There was probably no better way to teach it. Repentant of the new death, he went to Rome to ask for forgiveness. The pope incorporated him into his troops. 


There is a Michalot de Prats who with an armed caravel in Naples chased and made some corsairs flee near Belvedere Marittimo (a priori, without any relationship, with the previous events). Michalot's ship, some ships that accompanied him and the captured privateers suffered a sudden storm and sank (year 1505). All the crew were drowned. 

Anders Holm

Anders Christian Holm (born May 29, 1981) is an American actor, comedian, writer and producer. He is one of the stars and creators of the Comedy Central series "Workaholics" and starred in the short-lived NBC series "Champions". He, along with fellow "Workaholics" creators Blake Anderson, Adam DeVine and Kyle Newacheck, formed the sketch group Mail Order Comedy. He was born in Evanston, Illinois.


Open file format

An open file format or open format is a file format for storing digital data, defined by a openly published specification usually maintained by a standards organization, and which can be used and implemented by anyone. Open file format spesification is licensed with open license. For example, an open format can be implemented by both proprietary and open-source software. In contrast to open file formats, closed file formats are considered trade secrets. However, the actual image used by an open file format may still be copyrighted or trademarked.




Hassānīya language

Hassānīya ( "") is a type of Maghrebi Arabic spoken by Mauritanian Arabs and the Sahrawi people.

School Ties

School Ties is a 1992 American high school sports drama movie directed by Robert Mandel and starring Brendan Fraser, Matt Damon, Chris O'Donnell, Randall Batinkoff, Andrew Lowery, Cole Hauser, Ben Affleck, and Anthony Rapp. The movie was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

David Greene (Brendan Fraser), is a working class Jewish high school student from Scranton, Pennsylvania, who is awarded an athletic scholarship to an elite preparatory school in Massachusetts during his senior year in 1955. His fellow students come from rich families, and he learns that most of them are antisemites, which forces him to hide his Jewish background.


The movie received generally mixed reviews from movie critics and the audience. The movie has a 60% rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 40 reviews.

The movie did badly at the box office, because it made $14.7 million at the box office, while its budget was estimated at $18 million.


Desperately Seeking Susan

Desperately Seeking Susan is a 1985 American comedy-drama movie directed by Susan Seidelman and starring Madonna, Rosanna Arquette, John Turturro, Laurie Metcalf, Aidan Quinn, Steven Wright, Will Patton, Robert Joy, Giancarlo Esposito, Mark Blum. It was distributed by Orion Pictures.


Paul Genevay

Paul Louis Marcel Genevay (21 January 1939 – 11 March 2022) was a French sprinter. He competed in the 200 m and 4 × 100 m events at the 1960 and 1964 Olympics. He won a bronze medal in the relay in 1964. Genevay was born in Isère, France.

Genevay died on 11 March 2022 at the age of 83.

Kenny McFadden

Kenny McFadden (1960/1961 – March 2022) was an American professional basketball player. He played and coached in New Zealand. McFadden played for Washington State University under coach George Raveling. McFadden moved to New Zealand in 1982 and joined the Wellington Saints. He won four championships during the 1980s. He retired in 1996. 

McFadden died in March 2022 from kidney disease, aged 61.

Charles G. Boyd

Charles Graham "Chuck" Boyd (April 15, 1938 – March 23, 2022) was a general of the United States Air Force. Boyd was a pilot who served in Vietnam and is the only Vietnam War prisoner of war (1966–1973) to reach the four-star rank (1992). 

Boyd supported former Vice President Joe Biden for president in the 2020 election, the first candidate he had publicly ever endorsed. 

Boyd died at the age of 83 on March 23, 2022 from lung cancer in Haymarket, Virginia.

Montesano, Washington

Montesano is a city in Grays Harbor County, Washington, United States. The population was 4,138 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Grays Harbor County.

Unman, Wittering and Zigo (movie)

Unman, Wittering and Zigo is a 1971 British thriller movie. The movie was directed by John Mackenzie. It is based on the 1958 play of the same name. The movie stars David Hemmings, Douglas Wilmer, James Warwick, Carolyn Seymour, Hamilton Dyce, Anthony Haygarth, David Auker, Hubert Rees, Michael Kitchen, Tom Owen. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

The movie is about a new school teacher who learns that the former teacher was killed by the students. The teacher worries that the students will also kill him. 

Charlie Chan and the Curse of the Dragon Queen

Charlie Chan and the Curse of the Dragon Queen is a 1981 American mystery comedy movie directed by Clive Donner and is the latest movie in the Charlie Chan series. It stars Peter Ustinov, Michelle Pfeiffer, Lee Grant, Angie Dickinson, Roddy McDowall, Brian Keith, Rachel Roberts, Courteney Cox.

Shelly Lowe

Shelly C. Lowe (born 1974/1975) is an American academic administrator. She is the chair of the National Endowment for the Humanities since 2022 under the Joe Biden administration. She was a member of the endowment since 2015, after being nominated by President Barack Obama. Lowe is the first Native American to be chair of the National Endowment for the Humanities.

Such Good Friends

Such Good Friends is a 1971 American comedy-drama movie directed by Otto Preminger‎ and was based on the novel of the same name by Lois Gould. It stars Dyan Cannon, James Coco, Jennifer O'Neill, Ken Howard, Nina Foch, Doris Roberts, Burgess Meredith, Elaine Joyce and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Joshua Bassett

Joshua Taylor Bassett (born December 22, 2000) is an American actor, singer and musician. He is known for his starring role as Ricky Bowen in "".

In May 2021, he came out as a member of the LGBTQ+ community.

In January 2021, Bassett was hospitalized with septic shock and heart failure.

Ann Kirkpatrick

Ann Leila Kirkpatrick (born March 24, 1950) is an American politician and retired attorney. She was the United States representative from from 2019 to 2023 She is a member of the Democratic Party. She also represented from 2009 to 2011 and again from 2013 to 2017. Kirkpatrick was a member of the Arizona House of Representatives from 2005 to 2007.

On March 12, 2021, Kirkpatrick announced she would not seek reelection in 2022.

McNary, Arizona

McNary is a census-designated place (CDP) in Apache and Navajo counties in the U.S. state of Arizona, on the Fort Apache Indian Reservation. The population was 484 at the 2020 census.

Alan Rees (rugby)

Alan Henry Morgan Rees (17 February 1938 – 17 March 2022) was a Welsh rugby union and professional rugby league footballer. He played in the 1960s. He played representative level rugby union (RU) for Wales, and at club level for Maesteg RFC, as a Fly-half. 

He played club level rugby league (RL) for Leeds. He also played county cricket for Glamorgan from 1955 to 1971.

Rees died at a hospital in Morriston, Wales on 17 March 2022, aged 84.

Alexander Nevsky

Alexander Yaroslavich Nevsky (; ; 13 May 1221 – 14 November 1263) was Prince of Novgorod (1236–40, 1241–56 and 1258–1259), Grand Prince of Kiev (1236–52) and Grand Prince of Vladimir (1252–63). Metropolite Macarius made him a saint of the Russian Orthodox Church in 1547.

Isthmohyla debilis

The Isla Bonita tree frog ("Isthmohyla debilis") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica and Panama. Scientists have seen it between 910 and 1700 meters above sea level.

Câmara municipal

A câmara municipal (, meaning municipal chamber) is a type of municipal governing body, it exist in countries of the Community of Portuguese Language Countries (Portuguese speaking countries).

Rats in New York City

Rats in New York City have become a staple of the city and its culture. In 2014, a study found that there were around 2 million rats in New York City. Most rats in the city are brown rats. Covid-19 caused a rise in violent rat activity because of restaurants being shut down, which were the rats main food source.

Daniel Nii Laryea

Daniel Nii Ayi Laryea (born 11 September 1987) is a professional Ghanaian football referee. He has been an international referee for FIFA since 2014. He is a referee in the Ghana Premier League.

Laryea refereed during the 2020 African Nations Championship hosted by Cameroon which was played in 2021 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.

Laryea was born in Accra, Ghana and attended secondary school at Accra Academy.

Arcadio Poveda

Renán Arcadio Poveda Ricalde (15 July 1930 – 24 March 2022) was a Mexican astronomer. His works focused on the mass of elliptical galaxies. He received Mexico's National Prize for Arts and Sciences in 1975. He was Chair of the Mexican National Astronomical Observatory from 1968 to 1980 and was elected to The National College in 1989.

Poveda died on 24 March 2022 in Mexico City at the age of 91.

Shinji Aoyama

Aoyama died on 21 March 2022 in Tokyo, Japan from esophageal cancer, aged 57.


Czechoslovak language

The Czechoslovak language (, ) was sociolinguistic study used in Czechoslovakia in 1920–1938. Czechoslovakia is a country of two nations and ethnic groups, Czechs and Slovaks.

Karel Kramář

Karel Kramář (27 December 1860 – 26 May 1937) was a Czech politician. He was the first prime minister of Czechoslovakia.

Macedonian Orthodox Church – Archdiocese of Ohrid

The Macedonian Orthodox Church – Archdiocese of Ohrid (MOC; ), is the largest Christian church in North Macedonia. It is recognised by the other Eastern Orthodox Christian churches.

Turkoman Gypsys

In Ottoman archives, they were mentioned as the Turkish-speaking Muslims of Sunni-Alevism-Bektashi faith , who converted to Islam at the time of Sultanate of Rum. as an own Group of Xoraxane Roma divided in 4 Clans, called: (The Maizetrader), (The Shepherds), (the Baconmaker) and (Tarhana traders), they once came from Anatolia and settled in East Thrace and other parts in the Balkans of the Ottoman Empire too, especially in Dobrich Province and Varna, some went to Simferopol at Crimea. The word Kıptî Copt's was given by the Turks as synonyms for "Gypsy" in Ottoman Turkish language. Today the Turkish speaking Muslim Usta Millet and Mehter Groups in Bulgaria, especially from Varna, who deny there Romani Background claimed to be the descendants of this so called Turkoman Gypsys.

Chad Morgan (actress)

Chad Morgan (born September 21, 1973) is an American actress best known for her voice-over work on Adult Swim's Robot Chicken, where she voices celebrities.
This is a list of celebrities Morgan has voiced and/or impersonated.

Hungarian Research Centre for Linguistics

The Hungarian Research Centre for Linguistics () was created in 1949. It was part of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences from 1951 until 2019.

Hungarian alphabet

The Hungarian alphabet () is the Latin alphabet used for writing the Hungarian language.

The alphabet is based on the Latin alphabet, there are added variations of letters. The alphabet have 26 letters of the ISO basic Latin alphabet, and 5 letters with an acute accent, 2 letters with an umlaut, 2 letters with a double acute accent, 8 letters made up of two characters, and 1 letter made up of three characters. These characters are considered their own letters.

Megleno-Romanians

The Megleno-Romanians are a small population of mixed Romanians-Pechenegs-Cumans who originally came from Wallachia. They lived in seven villages located in the Moglena region of Central Macedonia in Greece and in one village, Huma, located across the border in North Macedonia. The inhabitans of the village Nanti converted to Islam in the 17th to 18th centuries and called themselves "Nântinets" (Turkish: "Karacaovalılar"; Greek: "Karadjovalides"). After the Treaty of Lausanne was signed in 1923, the Muslim Megleno-Romanians together with other Muslims were expelled at the population exchange between Greece and Turkey, from Greece to settle in East Thrace, especially in Edirne, where they intermarried often with Pomak-speakers and other groups in Turkey.


1991 Macedonian independence referendum

An independence referendum happened in the Republic of Macedonia on 8 September 1991, which proclaimed independence from Yugoslavia.

Milan I of Serbia

Milan Obrenović (; 22 August 1854 – 11 February 1901) was the prince of Serbia from 1868 to 1882 and the king from 1882 to 1889. He abdicated in favour of his son, Alexander I of Serbia.

Tre fiamme (Galmanini)

The Tre flames is a ceiling lamp designed in 1946 by italian architect Gualtiero Galmanini.

The three-flame chandelier is one of the first Italian works of industrial design, it is created in wood, brass and rope, with three lantern lampshades in opal glass.

Romanian Communist Party

The Romania Communist party was a communist political party in European country of Romania It was created in 1949. The party lasted until 1989.

Eddie Eagle (mascot)

Eddie Eagle is a gun safety mascot. He was made by the National Rifle Association of America. He is the main character of two videos about guns. These videos were made for children. The first video was made in the 1980s. The other was made in 2015. It is computer animated. There is an official website about the character.

Four studies have shown that the videos did not help children be safe around guns.

Saadi Sultanate

The Saadi Sultanate () was a country in Africa. It was located in present-day Morocco and parts of West Africa in the 16th and 17th centuries. The Sultanate was led by the Saadi dynasty (), an Arab Moroccan Sharifian dynasty.

BASEketball

BASEketball is a 1998 American sports comedy movie directed and co-written by David Zucker and starring "South Park" creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone, along with Yasmine Bleeth, Jenny McCarthy, Robert Vaughn, Ernest Borgnine and Dian Bachar.

When slacker friends Joe Cooper and Doug Remer are challenged to a pickup basketball game against some jocks, they counter by proposing to play a game they learned called "BASEketball", which combines baseball and basketball. In reality, they are improvising all of the rules, but somehow the sport becomes a hit. A promoter whose name is Ted Densley forms a popular league, but after his death a rival owner named Baxter Cain wants to change the rules to increase profits.

Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Michael Andretti, Reggie Jackson, Charley Steiner, Cris Collinsworth, Tim McCarver, Pat O'Brien, Dan Patrick, Pantera, Victoria Silvstedt and Robert Stack make cameo appearances as themselves. Greg Grunberg, Kevin Michael Richardson and Max Casella also make cameos as athletes.

Zucker had wanted Chris Farley and David Spade to play the respective lead roles of Joe and Doug, but cast Parker and Stone due to their work on "South Park" becoming a huge hit. The duo agreed to do the movie under the assumption that their show would be canceled by the time filming began.

On Rotten Tomatoes, "BASEketball" has an approval of 42%, with an average rating of 5.31/10 based on 52 reviews from critics. The website's "Critics Consensus" is ""BASEketball" isn't just a succession of fouls thanks to the comedic zip of David Zucker's direction, but sophomoric gags and a lack of performance hustle by Trey Parker and Matt Stone makes this satire a clumsy bunt". On Metacritic, the movie has a weighted average score of 38 out of 100, based on reviews from 18 critics, indicating "Generally unfavored reviews". Audiences surveyed by CinemaScore gave the movie a grade B on a scale of A to F.


Ohrid

Ohrid (; ) is a city in North Macedonia. About 42,000 people lived there. It is on the Lake Ohrid.

The city has 365 churches, one for every day of the year. In 1979 and in 1980 respectively, Ohrid and Lake Ohrid were accepted as Cultural and Natural World Heritage Sites by UNESCO.

Prilep

Prilep () is a city in North Macedonia. About 65,000 people lived there. It is the fourth-largest city in the country by population.

Longvic

Longvic is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

Halle Bailey

Halle Lynn Bailey (born March 27, 2000) is an American singer and actress. She is best known for portraying Ariel in the 2023 live-action film "The Little Mermaid".

Bailey began singing and acting at a young age. She formed an R&B music duo with her sister Chloe Bailey. The duo were noticed by Beyoncé, who signed them to her record label Parkwood Entertainment. Halle and Chloe have released two albums together and earned five Grammy Award nominations.

Following her lead role as Ariel in "The Little Mermaid", Halle Bailey began a solo career and released her first single "Angel".

Next Myanmar presidential election

Presidential election in Myanmar will probably be held in 2023 or 2025.

Team America: World Police

Team America: World Police is a 2004 action movie. It was directed by Trey Parker and written by Parker, Matt Stone and Pam Brady. It stars Parker, Stone, Kristen Miller, Masasa Moyo, Daran Norris, Phil Hendrie, Maurice LaMarche, Tara Strong, Jeremy Shada and Fred Tatasciore. "Team America" satirizes big-budget action movies and the global implications of the politics of the United States. It follows the paramilitary police force Team America. They recruit a Broadway actor to save the world from North Korean dictator Kim Jong-il, who is leading a conspiracy of Islamic terrorists and liberal Hollywood actors.

The movie also features a man dressed as a giant statue of Kim Il-sung, two black cats, two nurse sharks, and a cockroach, with the difference in size with the marionettes played for humorous effect. A poster of the Barbi twins was featured on the billboard in Times Square, making the twins the only non-marionette humans in the movie.

Pico de Orizaba

Pico de Orizaba, also known as: Citlaltépetl (in Nahuatl: "Sitlaltepetl" ‘estrella-monte-ABS’‘Monte de la Estrella), is a Mexican stratovolcano located between the states of Puebla and Veracruz and is the highest mountain in Mexico and the third in North America, below Denali in Alaska and Mount Logan in Canada, and It is the highest volcano.

Its last eruption was in 1846. Currently it is in a dormant state, it is the second highest volcanic peak in the world below Kilimanjaro in Tanzania, it is also the only volcano in the world with Frozen Lava inside.


Baunsuli village

Baunsuli is a village in Turumunga tehsil of Kendujhar district in the state of Odisha, India. The village is from sub-district headquarter Turumunga and from district headquarter Kendujhar. As per 2009 stats, the village is also a gram panchayat.

The total area of village is 917 hectares. 2,012 people live in the village. Of these. 946 are male and 1,066 are female. There are about 496 houses in Baunsuli village. 

Kendujhar is nearest town to baunsuli for all major economic activities. It is about away from the village.

Max Payne (character)

Max Payne is a fictional character and the playable character from the video game series of the same name. Max was introduced in the first debuted "Max Payne" in 2001.

Southern Min Wikipedia

The Southern Min Wikipedia (Pe̍h-ōe-jī: "Wikipedia Bân-lâm-gú") or "Holopedia" is the Southern Min version of Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia. It is the second biggest Wikipedia that is a variety of Chinese. The biggest variety of Chinese wikipedia is Mandarin. It mostly uses the Hokkien Taiwanese dialect. It has over [ 400,000] articles.



Grand'Combe-des-Bois

Grand'Combe-des-Bois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bonnétage

Bonnétage is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Maîche

Maîche is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Arçon

Arçon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Doubs, Doubs

Doubs is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Isthmohyla tica

Starrett's tree frog ("Isthmohyla tica") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica and Panama. It lives in places where there is water in the air. It lives in premontane habitats, or places high in the hills. It lives in the very lowest montane habitats, or places just above those.

Fontaine-lès-Dijon

Fontaine-lès-Dijon is a commune in the Côte-d'Or department.

T. T. V. Dhinakaran

J. Jayalalithaa

Jayaram Jayalalithaa (24 February 1948 – 5 December 2016) was an Indian actor who became a politician. She served five terms as the Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu, for over fourteen years between 1991 and 2016. From 1989 she was the general secretary of the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam , a Dravidian party. She was praised and called by the party members as "Amma"(meaning: mother), "Thanga Tharagai" (meaning: Golden Maiden) and "Puratchi Thalaivi" (the woman revolutionary leader). 
Jayalalithaa first became famous as a leading movie actor in the mid-1960s. She appeared in 140 films between 1961 and 1980 in the Tamil, Telugu and Kannada languages. She also earned the name of "Queen of Tamil Cinema."

In 1991 Jayalalithaa became Tamil Nadu's youngest chief minister. Despite a monthly salary of Rs.1, she made a grand marriage for her foster son Sudhakaran, lavishly spending. In the 1996 election, the AIADMK was nearly wiped out . Jayalalithaa herself lost her seat. The new DMK government filed several corruption cases against her, and she spend time in jail. Her fortunes revived in the 1998 general election, as the All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam became a key component of Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee government that her withdrawal of support thrown the BJP government without majority and further triggered to another general election just in a year in 1999.The AIADMK returned to power in 2001, although Jayalalithaa was personally disbarred from contesting due to the corruption cases. Within a few months of her taking oath as chief minister, in September 2001, she was disqualified from holding office and forced to cede the chair to minister O. Panneerselvam. Upon her acquittal six months later, Jayalalithaa returned as chief minister to complete her term. Noted for its ruthlessness to political opponents, many of whom were arrested in midnight raids, her government grew unpopular. Another period (2006–11) in the opposition followed, before Jayalalithaa was sworn in as chief minister for the fourth time after the AIADMK swept the 2011 assembly election. Her government received attention for its extensive social-welfare agenda, which included several subsidised -branded goods such as canteens, bottled water, salt and cement. Three years into her tenure, she was convicted in a disproportionate-assets case, rendering her disqualified to hold office. She returned as chief minister after being acquitted in May 2015. In the 2016 assembly election, she became the first Tamil Nadu chief minister since M.G.R in 1984 to be voted back into office. That September, she fell severely ill and, following 75 days of hospitalisation, died on 5 December 2016 due to cardiac arrest and became the first female chief minister in India to die in office.

Jayalalithaa never married and had no children. On 29 May 2020, her nephew J. Deepak and niece Deepa Jayakumar were declared as her legal heirs by Madras High Court.

She died in 5 December 2016 due to cardiac arrest according to the reports of the Apollo Hospitals. However, there remain questions about her death.

Gianni Cavina

Gianni Cavina (9 December 1940 – 26 March 2022) was an Italian actor. He appeared in more than 45 movies since 1949. His best known roles were in "The House with Laughing Windows", "House of Pleasure for Women" and "Christmas Present".

Cavina died in Bologna, Italy on 26 March 2022, at the age of 81.

Kaneaster Hodges Jr.

Kaneaster Hodges Jr. (August 20, 1938 – March 23, 2022) was an American Democratic politician and lawyer. He was the United States Senator from Arkansas between 1977 to 1979.

Hodges Jr. died from an aortic aneurysm on March 23, 2022 in Newport, Arkansas at the age of 83.

John L. McClellan

John Little McClellan (February 25, 1896 – November 28, 1977) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was a U.S. Representative (1935–1939) and a U.S. Senator (1943–1977) from Arkansas.

He was Chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee. He was the longest-serving senator in Arkansas history.

McClellan died in his sleep on November 28, 1977, in Little Rock, Arkansas from problems caused by heart surgery at the age of 81.

Ljupčo Kocarev

Ljupčo Kocarev (Skopje, February 25 1955), is a scientist, academician and professor of physics.

He completed his primary, secondary and higher education (Faculty of Electrical Engineering) in his hometown Skopje, North Macedonia. He holds doctorate from the Institute of Physics of the Faculty of Science in Skopje.
From 1999 to 2016 he worked at the University of California, San Diego in USA. He was educated in the United States, Germany, Italy, Hungary, Spain and Japan. In 2006, he was elected as a member of the IEEE. He became an associate member of the Macedonian Academy of Sciences and Arts on May 27, 2003, and a full member on May 1, 2007. As of January 1, 2020. Currently, he is the President of the Macedonian Academy of Sciences and Arts. 

Works of Ljupčo Kocarev includes several fields in physics and technical sciences. This includes nonlinear physics, complex systems and networks (electrical circuits and systems) to information theory, cryptography, machine learning and data processing. Since 1986, he has published more than 140 publications in international journals and more than 150 publications in proceedings of peer-reviewed papers from international conferences. He is one of the most cited scientists in Macedonia.

He is the winner of the National Macedonian award for life's work "October of 11th".

Tony Nash (bobsledder)

Antony James Dillon Nash (18 March 1936 – 17 March 2022) was a British bobsledder. He was born in Amersham, Buckinghamshire. He competed in the 1960s in two Winter Olympics. He won the gold in the two-man event at the 1964 Winter Olympics in Innsbruck.

Nash died on 17 March 2022, one day before his 86th birthday.

Segre (river)

The Segre ( ; ) is a river tributary to the Ebro ("Ebre" in Catalan). The basin is located across three countries: France, Andorra and Spain.

Sègre (department)

Sègre was a department of the First French Empire in modern Spain and Andorra, it is named after the river Segre. 

Cannibal! The Musical

Cannibal! The Musical is a 1993 American independent musical black comedy movie directed, written, produced, co-scored by and starring Trey Parker in his directorial debut while studying at the University of Colorado Boulder, before reaching fame with "South Park" alongside his friend Matt Stone who also stars in and produces the movie. It is loosely based on the true story of Alferd Packer and the sordid details of the trip from Utah to Colorado that left his five fellow travelers dead and partially eaten. Parker stars as Alferd Packer, with frequent collaborators Stone, Dian Bachar and others playing the supporting roles.

The film was originally titled "Alferd Packer: The Musical" in 1993. The movie premiered on October 31, 1993 in Boulder, Colorado, at a cinema near the University of Colorado campus. A fake protest organized by friend of Parker and Stone, organized along the lines of an animal rights demonstration, took place in front of the theater. The film then played at the Raindance Film Festival in October 2004. Parker and Stone attended.

"Cannibal!" currently holds a 63% "Fresh" approval rating on Rotten Tomatoes based on 19 reviews, with a weighted average of 5.2/10. The site's critical consensus says: "If you're only going to watch one black comedy about a real-life explorer whose fellow travelers ended up eaten, make it "Cannibal! The Musical"."

HOT Animation

HOT Animation was a British animation studio owned by HiT Entertainment that specialised in stop-motion animation, cel animation, and computer animation. It was established on 1 April 1998 by Jackie Cockle, Brian Little, and Joe Dembinski. One of the famous productions was "Bob the Builder".

Dalja, The Vampire Girl

Dalja, The Vampire Girl () is a Korean vampire horror-comedy television animated sitcom. And the show about the daily lives of the newcomer vampire family to the city and Heo Donggu, the economics-loving boy.







Safi-ad-din Ardabili

Safi-ad-din Ardabili (Persian: شیخ صفی‌الدین اردبیلی "Ṣāfī ad-Dīn Isḥāq Ardabīlī"; 1252/3 – 1334) was a Kurdish poet, mystic, teacher and Sufi master. 

He was a descendant of Safavid dynasty Safi-ad-din Ardabili.

Photochromic ink

photochromic ink is a smart material that changes colour due to uv light. photochromic ink is used in glasses that change into sunglasses once exposed to uv light.
Sonic Rivals 2

Sonic Rivals 2 is a 2007 racing video game, the sequel to the 2006 game "Sonic Rivals". The game was made by Backbone Entertainment and supervised by Sega Studio USA, for the PlayStation Portable handheld video game console. "Sonic Rivals 2" was released across November and December 2007.

Aai Kuthe Kay Karte

Aai Kuthe Kay Karte is an Indian television drama fiction series.






Beuvry-la-Forêt

Beuvry-la-Forêt is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,796 people lived there.


Masasa Moyo

Masasa E. Moyo (born January 23, 1970) is a Canadian television, movie and voice actress. She rose to fame with roles in TV series and movies such as "Young Justice", "American Dad!" and "". She has voiced several video game characters including Adi Gallia in multiple "Star Wars" video games, Psylocke and Shanna the She-Devil for "X-Men" video games as appearing in "Skylanders: SuperChargers". She is of Zimbabwean, Irish and German ancestry.

Charter Oak, California

Charter Oak is a census-designated place (CDP) in Los Angeles County, California. It is about east of downtown Los Angeles. At the 2020 census, 9,739 people lived there.

Charter Oak is in the eastern San Gabriel Valley and is in between Glendora to the north and Covina to the south. It is sometimes called the "unincorporated part of Covina".

Verrières-de-Joux

Verrières-de-Joux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Cluse-et-Mijoux

La Cluse-et-Mijoux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.


Granges-Narboz

Granges-Narboz is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Phil Hendrie

Philip Stephen Hendrie (born September 1, 1952) is an American radio personality, actor and voice actor. He is widely known for his voice-over talent throughout the radio and film industry. He came to prominence in the 1990s hosting "The Phil Hendrie Show", a radio talk show where he portrayed both himself as a calm, rational host while simultaneously portraying any of several outrageous and offensive characters who would engage in debates with Hendrie and callers to the show.

Hendrie has also acted professionally on a number of occasions, notably in a recurring role on the drama "The Unit", as well as the voice of multiple characters on the animated comedies, "F is for Family", "Rick and Morty", "Futurama", "King of the Hill" and "The Midnight Gospel".

Les Fourgs

Les Fourgs is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Les Hôpitaux-Vieux

Les Hôpitaux-Vieux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Morteau

Morteau is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Les Alliés

Les Alliés is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Champoux

Champoux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bévillers

Bévillers is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 572 people lived there.


Miserey-Salines

Miserey-Salines is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Hauterive-la-Fresse

Hauterive-la-Fresse is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Kristen Miller

Kristen Elizabeth Miller (born August 20, 1976) is an American actress. She is best known for her roles as Ashley Elliot on the sitcom "USA High" (1997-1999) and Deedra "D.D." Cummings on the action-adventure series "She Spies" (2002-2004).

Miller has also had recurring roles and made guest appearances on many television shows, including "Undressed" (2000), "That's My Bush!" (2001), "Charmed" (2004), "Two and a Half Men" (2005), "Joey" (2005), "I Hate My 30's" (2007), "Las Vegas" (2008), "90210" (2009), "Dexter" (2011), "Mad Men" (2012), "Castle" (2012) and "The Glades" (2013). Her films include "Cherry Falls" (2000), "" (2004), "The Fallen Ones" (2005) and "Single White Female 2: The Psycho" (2005). She also provided the voice-over role for the character Rio in the video game "Lifeline" (2004).

Pam Brady

Pam Brady (born July 28, 1969) is an American writer and television producer, best known for her work with "South Park" creators Trey Parker and Matt Stone.

Bashkirs

Bashkirs are a group of people living in parts of Bashkortostan. The national language is the Bashkir language, spoken by most of the Bashkirs.

Some of the Bashkirs live in Central Asia, but Turkic countries as well.

Daitō, Osaka


From Japanese census data,


Ghyvelde

Ghyvelde () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 4,131 people lived there. It is on the border with Belgium.

On 1 January 2016, the former commune Les Moëres was merged into Ghyvelde.


Les Combes

Les Combes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Le Barboux

Le Barboux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Houtaud

Houtaud is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sainte-Colombe, Doubs

Sainte-Colombe is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bulle, Doubs

Bulle is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Épernay

Épernay is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.

F3 (movie)

F3: Fun and Frustration is a 2022 Indian Telugu-language romantic comedy movie.

It is written and directed by Anil Ravipudi. It is a standalone sequel to the 2019 movie "," the second movie in the "Fun and Frustration" series, and it is produced by Sri Venkateswara Creations. It stars Venkatesh, Varun Tej, Tamannaah, and Mehreen Pirzada, who reprise their roles from the previous movie. It features music composed by Devi Sri Prasad. Dil Raju announced "F2"'s sequel "F3" following its success in February 2019. Principal photography of the movie began in December 2020 and completed in January 2021. The movie was shot in Hyderabad. The production and release of "F3" were delayed multiple times by the COVID-19 pandemic. The movie was finally theatrically released on 27 May 2022. A sequel titled F4 is also in development and is expected to be released in 2023 or 2024.

Venky, who works as an agent at a Regional Transport Office in Hyderabad, struggles to meet his ends. His friend Varun Yadav, an orphan, schemes various plans to make money. Venky has night blindness and Varun stutters, however, Venky hides his disability from everyone. Venky, along with his friend, loses a lot of their money after investing in Harika's family restaurant. In a search for money, Varun mistakes Honey (Harika's sister) for a rich woman and plans to marry her. Venky agrees to fund Varun's plan, failing to recognize Honey due to his night blindness.

Venky and Varun take a huge amount of loan from Pala Baby by pledging their property. After spending lakhs of rupees by giving expensive gifts and cash to Honey, they realize their mistake while Harika's family lose all their money in shares. Pala Baby, who worships women, drops his plans to waive off the loan after realizing the guile methods of Harika's family. They all reach the police station to settle their issue. However, CI Nagaraju, an honest policeman who is on the brink of losing his job, hatches a plan to raid his commissioner's house with them to steal the illegally acquired cash and diamonds. They successfully execute their plan and hide the valuables in the boot of a scrap car. While doing so, they also rescue a kidnapped girl.

The following morning, they confess their robbery to the commissioner out of fear. However, the car goes missing and the commissioner threatens their life if they fail to return the stolen amount. When Venky, Varun, Harika and Nagaraju are about to commit suicide, they receive news that billionaire Anand Sharma was looking for his prodigal son.

They all reach his place in Vizianagaram. Venky, Varun, Harika (in a male disguise), and a junior artist hired by Nagaraju present themselves as Anand's son. Unsure of who the right person is, Anand lets everyone stay in his palace. They scheme against each other and utterly fail to impress Anand. All the contenders endure the toughest of the tests given by Anand. As a final effort, Anand announces that whoever brings his F3 toy factory to profits shall be declared as his heir.

Putting their differences aside, all the contenders team up together to create a new kind of toy in order to achieve profit. They develop a set of interactive toys by merchandising popular Telugu film characters, namely, Baahubali, Gabbar Singh, Ajay Krishna, Veera Raghava, Chitti Babu and . The sales skyrocket and the factory earns a bumper profit. They together elect Varun and present him to Anand as his rightful heir. Anand, however, reveals that his son died by suicide several years ago after earning money by fraudulent means. Since they have rescued his granddaughter, Anand gave them an opportunity to prove themselves and offers them the profit they earned. Venky, Varun and others realize their mistakes and give up the money.

Later, Anand is kidnapped by his subordidates who demand a ransom of crore. Venky, Varun and others arrive at the place but they are attacked by the goons. Initially, they try to confuse them but when the plan fails, Venky dresses up as Narappa while Varun as Vakeel Saab and thrash the goons together. When they are trying to leave, the police arrive and arrest everyone. Meanwhile, the thief who stole the car reveals to the commissioner that he sold all the diamonds at a cheap rate mistaking them as regular gemstones. He later gets elected as an MLA with the support of his buyers, and the commissioner who is ousted out of his job joins him as an assistant.

Rochejean

Rochejean is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bavans

Bavans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Aubonne, Doubs

Aubonne is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bures Hamlet

Bures Hamlet is a civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2011, 749 people lived in Bures Hamlet.

Little Henny

Little Henny is a village and civil parish in Braintree district, Essex, England. In 2001, 48 people lived in Little Henny.

Trevor Einhorn

Trevor Elias Einhorn (born November 3, 1998) is an American actor. In television, he is known for playing Josh on the Syfy fantasy series "The Magicians" and Frederick Crane on the American sitcom Frasier. He also portrayed the role of Joey Thomas in the 1998 Trey Parker and Matt Stone film "BASEketball".

Francis Xavier McCarthy

Francis Xavier McCarthy (born February 15, 1942) is an American actor who has appeared in movies such as "The Man with Two Brains" (1983), "Summer School" (1987), "Deep Impact" (1998), "BASEketball" (1998) and "Interstellar" (2014).

Farn-Sasan

Farn-Sasan was the last king in the Indo-Parthian Kingdom who ruled Sakastan from about 210 to 226. There are no books that talk about him. He is only known because of the coins he issued. He was killed in 226 by the ruler Ardashir I. Because of this, the Indo-Parthian rule ended.

Then name "Sasan" was popular with the Indo-Parthian people. The origin of the name is not entirely known. David Neil MacKenzie and V.A. Livshits says that the name comes from Old Iranian, translating to *"Sāsāna" ("defeating enemy"). It is also the name of a Zoroastrian deity.

Farn-Sasan went into the Indo-Parthian throne sometime in 210. They don't know what king was before him. They think it may have been Pacores. Farn-Sasan is not mentioned in any books. He is only known because of his coins. These coins all say "Farn-Sasan, son of Adur-Sasan, grandson of Tirdat, son of the grandson of Sanabares, the King of Kings." Farn-Sasan tried to make himself notable by his rule by showing that he was related to his great-grandfather, Sanabares, a famous Indo-Parthian king. He calls the King of Kings Sanabares the King of Kings. Farn-Sasan also called himself the King of Kings. This happened a lot in Achaemenid and Parthian rulers.

Adur-Sasan and Tirdat were never a ruler. This means that Farn-Sasan was probably from a cadet branch in the dynasty.

On the front side of the coins, he is seen with a cap. On the other side, a fire altar is shown. The altar has writing around it. Farn-Sasan is the only king that is known to have a fire altar on coins that is also from Sakastan. Around the same time, Ardashir I () made coins with a fire-altar that looked like Farn-Sasan's coins. Historians are not sure if Farn-Sasan copied the fire altar or if Ardashir I copied the fire altar off of Farn-Sasan.

Farn-Sasan and Sasanian Ardashir I share a similar name. Because of this and the fact that both of their coin has a fire altar, historians think Sasanians and Indo-Parthians may have had common ancestry. Historians say that Farn-Sasan and Sasanian Ardashir I were rivals. Both wanted to be the King of Kings. The Iranologist Khodadad Rezakhani argues that Farn-Sasan was a superior of Ardashir I. He said that Ardashir I was only able to say that he was the King of Kings after he defeated Farn-Sasan in 226 and ended Indo-Parthian rule.


Walter Burley Griffin








National Library of Australia:



Belvedere Palace

The Belvedere Palace is a building in Vienna, Austria. It has two Baroque palaces (the Upper and Lower Belvedere), the Orangery, and the Palace Stables. The buildings are in a Baroque park landscape. It is in the third district in the city. The Belvedere museum is here. The grounds have many sculpture and iron gates. The Baroque palace was as a summer home for Prince Eugene of Savoy.


The Cheviot

The Cheviot is an extinct volcano and the highest peak in Northumberland at 815 meters (2,674 feet) which is from the Scottish border.

It would have formed 390 million years ago during the Caledonian orogeny, when the mantle crust would melt after an eruption, which may have measured a height of 3,000 meters (10,000 feet) almost the same height as Mount Etna in Italy, and a diameter of 37 miles. during its last eruptions they could have been explosive and violent and the lava could have flowed up to Branxton and Flodden Ridge while the pyroclastics flows up to Coquetdale and Ingram.

Currently, the rest of this extinct volcano has been intensely eroded where several bodies of water would radiate.


Thipkyanchi Rangoli

Thipkyanchi Rangoli is an Indian Marathi language drama series airing on Star Pravah.





Winfield W. Scott Jr.

Lieutenant General Winfield Wayne Scott Jr. (December 10, 1927 – March 19, 2022) was an American Air Force lieutenant general. He was the tenth Superintendent of the United States Air Force Academy. He was born in Honolulu, Hawaii.

Scott Jr. died on March 19, 2022 in Colorado Springs, Colorado at the age of 94.

Kip Hawley

Edmund Summers "Kip" Hawley III (November 10, 1953 – March 21, 2022) was an American politician and business executive. He was administrator of the Transportation Security Administration from July 27, 2005 to January 20, 2009. 

Hawley died from lung cancer at his home in Pacific Grove, California on March 21, 2022, at the age of 68.

Kirk Baptiste

Kirk Baptiste (June 20, 1962 – March 24, 2022) was an American track and field athlete. He mainly competed in the 200 metres. He was born in Beaumont, Texas. He competed for the United States at the 1984 Summer Olympics held in Los Angeles, United States, where he won the silver medal in the 200 metres with a time of 19.96 seconds. Baptiste was born in Beaumont, Texas.

Baptiste was diagnosed with HIV in the 1990s. He died on March 24, 2022 at the age of 59.

Johnny Fripp

John Downing Fripp (February 11, 1921 – March 24, 2022) was a Canadian skier and football player. He was a skier between 1927 and 1960 and played football in the Interprovincial Rugby Football Union (IRFU) (now CFL East Division) and Ontario Rugby Football Union (ORFU) between 1941 and 1947.

Fripp died on March 24, 2022 in Ottawa, Ontario at the age of 101.

Sugar Harvest

Sugar Harvest () is a 1958 Argentine drama movie directed by Lucas Demare and starring Alfredo Alcón, Graciela Borges, Enrique Fava, Atahualpa Yupanqui.

John Chapple (British Army officer)

Field Marshal Sir John Lyon Chapple, (27 May 1931 – 25 March 2022) was a British Army officer. He was Chief of the General Staff from 1988 to 1992. He also gave advice to the British Government during the Gulf War. He was also the Governor of Gibraltar.

Chapple died on 25 March 2022 at his home in Salisbury, Wiltshire after a short illness at the age of 90.

Teofil Wilski

Teofil Józef Wilski (October 16, 1935 – March 26, 2022) was a Polish Roman Catholic prelate. He was auxiliary bishop of Kalisz from 1995 to 2011. Wilski was born in Skubarczewo, Poland. He became a priest in 1960.

Wilski died on March 26, 2022 in Ostrów Wielkopolski, Poland at the age of 86.

Ostrów Wielkopolski

Ostrów Wielkopolski () (often abbreviated "Ostrów Wlkp.", formerly called simply "Ostrów", , Latin: "Ostrovia") is a city in west-central Poland with 71,560 people living here since 2010. It is the fifth-largest city in the voivodeship.

Siege of Mariupol

The siege of Mariupol was military engagement between Russia and Ukraine which began on 24 February 2022, during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. The city of Mariupol is located in the Donetsk Oblast in eastern Ukraine. It is claimed by the Russian-backed separatist Donetsk People's Republic.

The Red Cross said the siege is "apocalyptic", and Ukrainian authorities have accused Russia of causing a major humanitarian crisis in the city, with city officials reporting that over 2,000 civilians have been killed.

The siege has been compared by Ukrainian and US officials to the siege of Leningrad during World War II.

The siege ended on 16 May 2022 after what Western media outlets called the "evacuation" of the remaining Ukrainian personnel from the Azovstal Iron and Steel Works; the Russian Ministry of Defense claimed that the Ukrainians had "surrendered".

Aftermath: the theater building that was bombed, is now behind tall screens, so that the general public can not see the damaged building; Media showed (in 2023) a picture of that building; The picture was taken above the screen.

Carl Cain

Carl Cecil Cain (born August 2, 1934) is an American retired basketball player. He competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics. Cain played college basketball for the Iowa Hawkeyes. He was a member of the United States national team, which won the Olympic gold medal in 1956.

Chika (rapper)

Jane Chika Oranika (born March 9, 1997), known simply as Chika (often written in capital letters), is an American rapper and singer. She first became known on social media before signing to Warner Records in 2019. She was nominated for the Grammy Award for Best New Artist in 2020.

In April 2021, Chika announced a short break from making music because of her mental health.

Chika is openly bisexual.

National Severe Weather Warning Service

The National Severe Weather Warning Service (shortened to NSWWS) is a service in the United Kingdom.
Weather warnings are there to warn communities of severe or extremely severe weather for example rain. There are 3 colours for warnings yellow,amber & red. 

In northeastern England in late 2021, a red warning was issued for a storm named Arwen, which brung winds of 145 km/h (90 mph) & caused devastation across this region of England by the coast. Again they issued more red warnings for one storm in 2022, Storm Eunice which again brought winds of 145 km/h around East coasts. Earlier in that week Storm Dudley also hit mostly Scotland. Year 2020 was stormy in many months, particularly February when as much as 3 storms hit, Ciara, Dennis, & Jorge. All of them brought devastation to many communities. There were storms multiple times over the last few years. These are just examples of when weather warnings get issued.

Isthmohyla infucata

Isthmohyla infucata is a frog that lives in Panama. Scientists have seen it between 830 and 910 meters above sea level.

Garges-lès-Gonesse

Garges-lès-Gonesse is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north France. In 2019, 43,239 people lived in Garges-lès-Gonesse.

The commune is in the northern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Alexandra Zabelina

Alexandra Ivanovna Zabelina (; 11 March 1937 – 27 March 2022) was a Soviet fencer. She won gold medals in the team foil at the 1960, 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics.

Irpin

Irpin () is a city in Kyiv Oblast, Ukraine. In 2021, 
62,456 people lived there. It is about 22 km northwest of the capital Kyiv, on the bank of the Irpin River.

Gonesse

Gonesse is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France. In 2019, 26,106 people lived there.

The commune is in the northeastern suburbs of Paris, from the center. It is directly north of Le Bourget Airport, and it is six kilometres (four miles) south-west of Charles de Gaulle International Airport.

Today, Gonesse is known for the crash of the Concorde, on July 25, 2000. The plane crashed into a hotel, killing four people on the ground, as well the passengers and crew of the airplane. 

Roger Leland Wollman

Roger Leland Wollman (born May 29, 1934) is an American politician and lawyer. He is a Senior United States Circuit Judge since 2018. He was the Chief Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Eighth Circuit from 1999 until 2002. He was nominated as a judge to this court by President Ronald Reagan in 1985.

Wollman was born in Frankfort, South Dakota. He is the older brother of Harvey L. Wollman, former Governor of South Dakota.

David Zucker

David Samuel Zucker (born October 16, 1947) is an American film director, producer and screenwriter. Associated mostly with parody comedies, Zucker is recognized as the director and writer of the critically successful 1980 movie "Airplane!" as well as being the creator of "The Naked Gun" franchise and for directing "Scary Movie 3" and "Scary Movie 4".

Piscop

Piscop is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France.

Frankfort, South Dakota

Frankfort is a city in Spink County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 134 at the 2020 census.

Puiseux-en-France

Puiseux-en-France is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France.

Montlebon

Montlebon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Les Fins

Les Fins is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

South Dakota House of Representatives

The South Dakota House of Representatives is the lower house of the South Dakota Legislature. It has 70 members, two from each legislative district. The South Dakota House of Representatives meets at the South Dakota State Capitol in Pierre.

Anatoly Sobchak

Anatoly Aleksandrovich Sobchak (; 10 August 1937 – 19 February 2000) was a Soviet and Russian politician. He was a co-author of the Constitution of the Russian Federation. He was the first democratically elected mayor of Saint Petersburg. He was a mentor and teacher of both Vladimir Putin and Dmitry Medvedev.

Sobchak died on 19 February 2000 in Svetlogorsk, Russia from a heart attack, aged 62. However, some believe that he was poisoned and murdered.

Sochaux

Sochaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France, near Montbéliard.

Sochaux is the site of a large industrial facility of the French car manufacturer PSA Peugeot Citroën. As of late 2005, about 16,000 people are employed there. The Peugeot automobile museum is located here.

The FC Sochaux-Montbéliard football club is in the commune.


Exincourt

Exincourt is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Adam-lès-Vercel

Adam-lès-Vercel is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Péseux

Péseux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Charmoille, Doubs

Charmoille is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Charmoille

Charmoille can mean:



Vuillecin

Vuillecin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chaffois

Chaffois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Châtelblanc

Châtelblanc is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bonnevaux, Doubs

Bonnevaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Vaux-et-Chantegrue

Vaux-et-Chantegrue is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Malpas, Doubs

Malpas is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Malpas is about southwest of Pontarlier and from the Lac de Saint-Point.

Boujailles

Boujailles is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Mecquignies

Mecquignies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 720 people lived there.


Lagny-sur-Marne

Lagny-sur-Marne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France. In 2019, 21,539 people lived there.

The commune is in the eastern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Football player Paul Pogba was born here.

Grigny, Essonne

Grigny is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France. In 2019, 28,201 people lived there.

The commune is in the southern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Villeneuve-Saint-Georges

Villeneuve-Saint-Georges is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France. In 2019, 34,890 people lived there.

The commune is in the southeastern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Derek Reffell

Admiral Sir Derek Roy Reffell, (born 6 October 1928) is a former Royal Navy officer. He was Commodore, Amphibious Warfare, from 1978 to 1979. 

He became Controller of the Navy in 1984 and was Governor of Gibraltar 1989–1993.

Richard Luce, Baron Luce

Richard Napier Luce, Baron Luce, (born 14 October 1936), is a British politician. He was Lord Chamberlain to the Queen from 2000 to 2006. He was a Conservative Member of Parliament (MP) from 1971 to 1992.

Governor of Gibraltar

The Governor of Gibraltar is the representative of the British monarch in the British overseas territory of Gibraltar.

David Steel (Royal Navy officer)

Vice Admiral Sir David George Steel, (born 6 April 1961) is a retired senior Royal Navy officer. He was Second Sea Lord between 2012 and 2015. He became Governor of Gibraltar on 11 June 2020.

Titus Buberník

Titus Buberník (12 October 1933 – 27 March 2022) was a Slovak football midfielder. He played for the Czechoslovakia national team in 23 matches and scored 5 goals between 1958 until 1963. He was born in Pusté Úľany, Czechoslovakia.

Buberník died on 27 March 2022 at the age of 88.


Beledweyne

Beledweyne (, , ) is a city in central Somalia. It is located in the Beledweyne District, it is the capital of the Hiran region.

The city is in the Shebelle Valley riverine near the Ethiopian border, 210 miles (345 km) north of Mogadishu. In 2019, Safiya Jimale became the first female mayor in Somalia.

March 2022 Somalia attacks

On 23 March 2022 in Somalia, four coordinated attacks by al-Shabaab jihadists in Mogadishu and Beledweyne killed at least 48 people.

On 23 March, gunmen attacked Aden Adde International Airport in the Somali capital Mogadishu, killing five people. Two attackers also were killed.

The next attack happened a few hours later as Somali female Member of Parliament Amina Mohamed Abdi left a polling place in Beledweyne. A suicide bomber detonated his explosive vest, killing several people. Abdi died instantly.

A car bomb was set off near a hospital, killing at least 30 people. The blast's impact was powerful, with the explosions destroying not only the hospital, but also nearby buildings and cars.

At least 48 people were killed by the bombings and 108 others injured.

Al-Shabaab militants attacked a restaurant in Beledweyne, killing the retired politician Hassan Dhuhul and many others.

Mohamed Bazoum

Mohamed Bazoum (), is a Nigerien politician who was the president of the Republic of Niger. He was in office from 2 April 2021 until he was removed from office on 27 July 2023.

Before becoming a President, he was the President of the Nigerien Party for Democracy and Socialism (PNDS-Tarayya).

In December 2022, Mohamed Bazoum was appointed current president of the West African Economic and Monetary Union (UEMOA), during the 23rd ordinary summit of heads of state and government of the organization in Abidjan.

On 26 July 2023, soldiers of the Presidential Guard removed Bazoum from power and arrested him. When his removal was announce, Colonel-Major Amadou Abdramane went on state television to claim that the President had been removed from power and was being replaced by a military junta calling itself the National Council for the Safeguard of the Homeland. On August 13, 2023, the government of Niger announced that it wanted to "prosecute before the competent national and international authorities Mohamed Bazoum and his local and foreign accomplices, for high treason and undermining the internal and external security of Niger". On November 30, 2023, Mohamed Bazoum's family claimed that they had no longer been in contact with him since October 18, 2023, and denounced "abusive arrests and searches" targeting some of them.

Mahamane Ousmane

Mahamane Ousmane (born 20 January 1950) is a Nigerien politician. He was the first democratically elected and fourth President of Niger from 16 April 1993 until he was removed from power in a military "coup d'état" on 27 January 1996. 

He has run for president in each election since he was removed from office, and he was president of the National Assembly from December 1999 to May 2009. 

Since April 2020, he is the president of the Democratic and Republican Renewal (RDR Tchanji), the opposition party of Niger.

Kundri Sankurha

Kundri Sankurha is a village in Jamui district in Bihar state, India. At the 2011 census, the population of 5,734 in 1,142 houses. The village is from Jamui.

Claudette Bradshaw

Claudette Bradshaw, (April 8, 1949 – March 26, 2022) was a Canadian politician and activist. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) for the riding of Moncton—Riverview—Dieppe, New Brunswick from 1997 until 2006. She was a member of the Liberal Party of Canada. Bradshaw was Minister of Labour from 1998 until 2004. She was born in Moncton, New Brunswick, Canada.

Bradshaw died on March 26, 2022 from lung cancer in Moncton at the age of 72.

Ron Barber

Ronald Sylvester Barber (born August 25, 1945) is an American politician. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 2012 to 2015. Barber, a member of the Democratic Party from Arizona, was district director for U.S. Representative Gabby Giffords before Giffords resigned her seat because of injuries she got in an assassination attempt, during which Barber was also injured. 

Barber won the Democratic nomination for the special election to finish Giffords's term and was sworn into office on June 19, 2012.

In the 2012 general election, he was elected to a full term. Barber lost his 2014 re-election bid to Martha McSally by 161 votes.

Eumir Deodato

Eumir Deodato de Almeida (; born 22 June 1942) is a Brazilian pianist, composer, arranger, and record producer. He is been known for his eclectic genres, such as pop, rock, disco, rhythm and blues, classical, Latin and bossa nova.

Deodato has helped produced Kool & the Gang's hits "Celebration", "Ladies' Night", and "Too Hot".

Deodato was nominated for three Grammy Awards and won the Grammy Award for Best Pop Instrumental Performance in 1974 for "Also Sprach Zarathustra (2001)." 

His daughter, Kennya Deodato (b.1968), is married to actor Stephen Baldwin. His granddaughter Hailey Bieber is married to Canadian singer Justin Bieber.


Chris Cox

Christopher Cox (born October 23, 1969) is an American voice actor who has worked in movies, animated television series and video games.

In television, he is known for his work on "Family Guy". He is also known for his work in "Jak and Daxter", "Skylanders", "Batman: Arkham" and several Marvel, DC and "Star Wars" titles. He co-created, co-wrote and produced the reality TV program "Small Shots" which ran from 2000 to 2003. He was a writer for the 2005 television series "Con", a supervising producer for the 2006 television sitcom "Free Ride", and a writer for the 2007 web series "Voicemail"."

Sara Ramirez

Sara Elena Ramírez (; born August 31, 1975) is a Mexican-American actor, singer-songwriter and activist. They played the original Lady of the Lake in the 2005 Broadway musical "Spamalot", winning a Tony Award. Ramírez was also in "Grey's Anatomy", playing Dr. Callie Torres, the longest-running LGBT character in US television history

Ramirez is openly bisexual and nonbinary, using they/them pronouns. They later played the bisexual, nonbinary roles of Kat Sandoval in "Madam Secretary" and Che Díaz in "And Just Like That…", the modern reboot of "Sex and the City".

Languages of Morocco

There are a multiple languages of Morocco. The two official languages are Standard Arabic and Standard Moroccan Berber. Moroccan Arabic (known as Darija) is the spoken natively by many Arabs in Morocco. Some foreign language, like French, is the second language for around 33% of Moroccans.
In July 2023, the gradual generalization of learning English from secondary school was decided by the Ministry of Education..

Jean Todt

Jean Todt (; born 25 February 1946) is a French motor racing executive and former rally co-driver. He was Peugeot Talbot Sport's Director and then Scuderia Ferrari Formula 1 team principal.

In October 2009, he was elected President of the Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile (FIA), a position to which he was re-elected in December 2013 and December 2017. 

On 29 April 2015, Todt was appointed the United Nations' Special Envoy for Road Safety.

In 2023, he married his partner of almost twenty years Academy Award-winning actress Michelle Yeoh.

Pierrefort

Pierrefort (; Auvergnat: "Pèirafòrt") is a commune in the département of Cantal and Auvergne region in south-central France.

Bernard Darniche

Bernard Darniche (born 28 March 1942) is a French former rally driver. He won the European Rally Championship in 1976 and 1977 and the French Rally Championship in 1976 and 1978. He also holds the record for most victories in the Tour de Corse which he won six times (1970, 1975, 1977, 1978, 1979 and 1981).

Mohammed bin Sulayem

Mohammed Ahmed bin Sulayem or Mohammed ben Sulayem (; born 12 November 1961) is an Emirati former rally driver. He is the president of the FIA (Fédération Internationale de l'Automobile) since 2021. He was one of the most successful Arab drivers in motor sport history, earning 14 FIA Middle East Rally Championship titles. In 1991, Sulayem founded the UAE Desert Challenge.

Georg Forster

Johann George Adam Forster, also known as Georg Forster (, 27 November 1754 – 10 January 1794), was a German naturalist, ethnologist, travel writer, journalist and revolutionary. When he was young, he went with his father. Johann Reinhold Forster on many scientific trips. One of these was James Cook's second trip to the Pacific. Forster wrote about this trip in the book "A Voyage Round the World". The book helped contribute to the ethnology to people in Polynesia. It still is a respected work. Because of this book, Forster was let into the Royal Society when he was 22. He was thought to be one of the founders of modern scientific travel literature.

Forster went back to Continental Europe after his trips. Forster decided then to have many jobs in education and learning. He taught natural history at the Collegium Carolinum in the Ottoneum, Kassel (1778–84). He then worked at the Academy of Vilna (1784–87). In 1788, he was the head librarian at the University of Mainz. Here, he did lot of scientific work on essays on botany and ethnology . He also translated and wrote a lot of books about travel and exploration. For example, he wrote a German translation of Cook's diaries.

Forster was a large figure in the Enlightenment in Germany. He talked closely with many of his close friends. His ideas, writings and personality influenced Alexander von Humboldt. Humboldt was a famous scientist in the 19th century. When France took control of Mainz in 1792, Forster played a big role in the Mainz Republic (the earliest republican state in Germany). During July 1793 and while he was in Paris as a delegate of the young Mainz Republic, Prussian and Austrian coalition forces regained control of the city and Forster was declared an outlaw. Forster was not able to go back to Germany. He was separated from his friends and family. In early 1794, he died in Paris of illness.

Georg Forster was born in Nassenhuben on 27 November 1754. Nassenhuben is a village near Danzig which is now Mokry Dwór, Poland. Georg was the oldest of seven surviving children of Johann Reinhold Forster, a Reformed Protestant pastor and scholar, and his wife Justina Elisabeth, . When George was young, Georg liked the study of nature. When his father learned natural history from the books of Carl Linnaeus, he taught his son biology. He also taught George Latin, French and religion. In 1765, Reinhold got a commission(a written instruction) by the Russian government to inspect colonies that were near Saratov on the Volga River. They were mostly settled by German colonists. Ten-year old Georg went his father on this journey. The journey was long. It led to the Kalmyk Steppe and Lake Elton where they got collected hundreds of samples plants. George helped his father with naming and identification.
On October 1765, George Forster went to Saint Peter's School in St Petersburg. While Forster was in school, his father made reports about the colony. His report was very critical of the voivode(the military leader) of Saratov. He also thought the conditions of the colony were bad. Because of this, the Forsters left Russia without payment because they were angry at Grigory Orlov. The Forsters went on a journey from Kronstadt to London. On the journey, Georg learned English and practiced Russian. They got to London on 4 October 1766. Georg was 12 when they got to London. Georg translated Lomonosov's history of Russia into English. He also added on to the book to include recent events. The book was printed and was presented to the Society of Antiquaries on 21 May 1767. In June 1767, father moved to Warrington to became a teacher at Warrington Academy. He succeeded Joseph Priestley. This left Georg behind in London. He became an apprentice there with a merchant. He was an apprentice until the rest of the family got to England in September 1767. He moved to Warrington. In Warrington, Georg learned classics and religion from John Aikin. He learned mathematics from John Holt. He learned French and natural history from his father.

The Forsters moved back to London in 1770. Reinhold Forster got many scientific contacts and became a member of the Royal Society in 1772. When Joseph Banks left Cook's expedition, Reinhold was invited by the British Admiralty to join James Cook's second expedition to the Pacific Ocean(1772–75). Georg Forster went with his father in the expedition. He became the draughtsman to his father. Reinhold had to work on scientific reports of any discoveries that they made. It was published when they got back from the expedition.

They got onto the HMS "Resolution" for Cook's second expedition on 13 July 1772, in Plymouth. The ship got them first to the South Atlantic. Then it went through the Indian Ocean and the Southern Ocean. While they were around the Southern Ocean, they went to the islands of Polynesia. They finally went around Cape Horn back to England on 30 July 1775. On their journey, they went to New Zealand, the Tonga islands, New Caledonia, Tahiti, the Marquesas Islands and Easter Island. They went the most south anyone has ever been. They almost discovered Antarctica. The journey disproved the "Terra Australis Incognita" theory. The "Terra Australis" theory claimed there was a big continent in the South that people were able to live in.

Georg Forster first studied zoology and botanics of the southern seas with his father. He did this mostly by drawing animals and plants. Georg, however, also went with his own interests. It led to to independent missions in geography and ethnology. He quickly learned the languages of the Polynesian islands. He wrote many reports on the people of Polynesia. They are very popular today. In his reports, he talks about the people of the southern islands with empathy, sympathy and without Western or Christian bias.

Louis Antoine de Bougainville went to Tahiti a few years before Forster's trip. His reports said that the people there were a type of "noble savage" romanticism. Forster, however, thought that the South Pacific Islands were very intelligent. He wrote about many different social structures and religions that he saw on the Society Islands, Easter Island, Tonga and New Zealand. He wrote about the differences with the different people. He also noticed that the languages of the islands were all scattered but were usually alike. He wrote that the Nomuka islands had languages, vehicles, weapons, furniture, clothes, tattoos, beards were almost exactly the same with tribes on Tongatapu.The journey had many scientific results that were very helpful. However, the Forsters and Cook and his officers were very unkind to each other. This was because Reinfield Forster had a large temper. Cook also didn't allow for the Forsters to spend more on botany and the Forster's science. Cook didn't allow scientists on his third journey because of the Forsters.

People was annoyed with the Forsters after his trip as well. Lord Sandwich was annoyed with Johann Reinhold Forster's first chapter in his book. He tried to change. Forster, however, said that him being corrected However, Forster did not want to have his writing corrected "like a theme of a School-boy". He wouldn't allow any compromise. Because of this, the book was written by Cook. The Forsters were not allowed to compile the book. They did not get payment for the work, either. While Lord Sandwich and Reinhold Forster were arguing, Georg put out an unofficial book on their travel. In 1777, the book "A Voyage Round the World in His Britannic Majesty's Sloop Resolution, Commanded by Capt. James Cook, during the Years, 1772, 3, 4, and 5" was published. It was published six weeks before the official version came out. The unofficial version was very popular. Georg got lots of fame from this. In 1778–80, Georg, published it in German. The poet Christoph Martin Wieland like the book. He said it was the most important one of his time. Even today, it was one of the most important journey descriptions written. The book changed German literature, culture and science. It inspired many scientists such as Alexander von Humboldt. It also inspired many modern ethnologists.

Forster's German translation was seen as very looked-through. It was scientifically correct. It was also seen as exciting and easy to read. Most travel literature of this time was a basic writing of data. Georg's book was, however seen as, colourful and reliable ethnographical. They were very detailed and sympathetic. He also wrote about philosophy in books in his observations. He focused on the behaviour of people, their customs, habits, religions and social organization. In "A Voyage Round the World" he wrote about the songs from Polynesian people. He included lyrics and notation. The book is one of the most important writings that is about the Southern Pacific from before European influence had become more significant.

"A Voyage Round the World" made Georg Forster have scientific recognition in Europe. The Royal Society made him a member on 9 January 1777. He was not even 23 years old at the time. He also got other titles from academies from Berlin to Madrid. Georg, however didn't get any money from getting these titles.

He went to Paris to look for the American revolutionary Benjamin Franklin in 1777. He wanted to talk with him. In 1778, he went to Germany become a natural history professor at the Collegium Carolinum in Kassel. Georg met Therese Heyne there. She was the daughter of the classicist Christian Gottlob Heyne. Heyne later became one of the first independent female writers in Germany. Georg later married Heyne in 1785(at that time, Georg had already left Kassel). Their marriage was seen as not very happy. They had had two surviving children, Therese Forster and Clara Forster. While Forster was still in Kassel, Forster like to talk with many people who were important in the Enlightenment. Some people he talked to was Lessing, Johann Gottfried Herder, Christoph Martin Wieland and Goethe. He also got cooperation with the Collegium Carolinum in Kassel and the University of Göttingen where his friend Georg Christoph Lichtenberg worked. Together, they founded and published the scientific journal "Göttingisches Magazin der Wissenschaften und Litteratur".
By 1783, Forster saw that talking with all of with these people led him away from science. It was also pushing him into deeper debt. He was known to not be very good with money. Because of this, Forster was happy to get a job from the Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth Commission of National Education. He became the Chair of Natural History at Vilnius University in 1784. At first, he did well in Vilnius. After some time, however, he began to feel isolated. Most of the people that he knew were still scientists from Germany that he met before. In 1785, Forster went to Halle where put in a thesis on the plants of the South Pacific for a doctorate in medicine. Forster's plans to build a natural history scientific centre could not get enough financial support from authorities in Polish–Lithuanian Commonwealth. His famous speech about natural history in 1785 went wouldn't be noticed or even printed until 1843. Eventually, he broke the contract six years before it was over. This is because Catherine II of Russia had asked Forster to go around the world with him on his journey(the Mulovsky expedition). If he came with him, he would be paid as a professor in Saint Petersburg. This made a conflict between Forster and the Polish scientist Jędrzej Śniadecki. Catherine II of Russia, however, decided to not let him go on his journey. After that, Forster left Vilnius. He then went in Mainz. Here he became the head librarian at the University of Mainz. He succeeded Johannes von Müller who was a friend of Forster. He made sure that Forster would succeed him when Müller moved to become the administration of Elector Friedrich Karl Josef von Erthal.

While Forster was a librarian, he published essays very often on explorations. He continued to be a very good translator. For example, he wrote about Cook's third journey to the South Pacific. He also wrote and about the "Bounty" expedition. He translated Cook's and Bligh's diaries from those journeys into German.

Forster was also interested in indology. When he was going to go on his failed expedition that was funded by Catherine II, one of his main goals was to go to India. He translated the Sanskrit play "Shakuntala" with a Latin version that was written by Sir William Jones. This helped influence Johann Gottfried Herder. It improved German interest in indology.

In mid 1790, Forster and Alexander von Humboldt went on a long journey through the Southern Netherlands, the United Provinces, and England. The finished in Paris. Forster wrote about this journey in a three volume book series called "Ansichten vom Niederrhein, von Brabant, Flandern, Holland, England und Frankreich im April, Mai und Juni 1790" ("Views of the Lower Rhine, from Brabant, Flanders, Holland, England, and France in April, May and June 1790"). It was published in 1791–94. Goethe said about that this book makes someone to read if again and travel the journey themself. The book talks about the history of art that were influential for art as "A Voyage Round the world" was for ethnology.

Forster's biggest interest, however, was with the behaviour of people. The uprisings in Flanders and Brabant and the revolution in France made him very interested in that. His journey through the Netherlands and England where people were developed made him make a political opinion. Because of this, he became a confident opponent of the ancien régime. Like many other German scholars, he welcomed the revolution as a result of the Enlightenment. A little bit after he heard about the Storming of the Bastille in 30 July 1789, he wrote to his father-in-law. In his note he wrote about how beautiful to see the philosophy that happened. 

The French revolutionary army that was under General Custine got control of Mainz on 21 October 1792. Two days after this, Forster joined in creating a Jacobin Club. It was called "Freunde der Freiheit und Gleichheit" ("Friends of Freedom and Equality"). He helped in organizing the Mainz Republic in 1793. The first one made in Germany was a democracy. Forster became the vice-president the their administration. He was a candidate in the election for the local parliament, the ("Rhenish-German National Convention"). He was an editor of ("The new Mainz newspaper or The People's Friend") from January to March 1793. In his first article that he made, he wrote:

This freedom did not last very long. In July 1973, French troops ended the Mainz Republic.

Forster was not in Mainz when France took over. Since he was part of the Mainz National Convention, he and Adam Lux went to Paris to apply for Mainz to become a part of the French Republic. The application was accepted, but didn't have any effect since Mainz was took over by France. Forster lost his library and his things. He decided to stay in Paris.

Emperor Francis II made a decree(or law) that would give punishments on German people who helped the French French Revolutionary government. Forster became an outlaw because of this. He was placed under the Imperial ban. 100 ducats were put on his head. Because of this, he could not go back to Germany. He did not have his wife because she stayed in Mainz with her children and future husband Ludwig Ferdinand Huber. He also did not have any way to make money. He stayed in Paris. Paris had just started the Reign of Terror under the rule of Maximilien Robespierre. Forster was able to see the difference between the promises of the revolution of happiness and its cruel practices. Many German supporters of the revolution like Friedrich Schiller turned back from their opinions from the terror. Forster, however did not turn back from his revolutionary ideals from the Reign of Terror. He saw what happened in France as a force that could not be slowed. Forster thought that had to become calmer and if they didn't, France could destroy even more.

In January 1794 when he was 39, Forster died from rheumatic illness before the Reign of Terror was its peak. He was planning to go to India at the time.

Forster had some Scottish family. He was born in born in Polish Royal Prussia. This made him a Polish subject by birth. He worked in Russia, England, Poland and in German countries of his time. Finally, he died in France. He worked in different places. He travelled a lot from when he was a youth. His thoughts made very big scientific discoveries from the Enlightenment. It also people different views on ethnic and national communities.

In his opinion, all human beings had some feelings and imagination. They are used in different ways, however. These different ways makes different cultures and civilizations. Forster said cultures like Tierra del Fuego is at a lower level of development than European culture. He also said that living on places like that is harder and there is less chance to have higher culture. This opinions were one of the biggest examples of 18th-century German cosmopolitanism.

He used insulting words against Poles with prejudice in his letters when he was in Vilnius and in a diary from when he when through Poland. He, however, but he never showed it in his publications. It was only known after he had died when these conversations and diaries were shown to the public. Forster's writings were seen as scientifically based. Forster's prejudice against Poland usually taken as factual in Imperial Germany and Nazi Germany. The ""Polnische Wirtschaft"" (Polish economy) stereotype was probably because of his letters.

Forster's thoughts and attitude got him into trouble with other countries. It made not welcome by anyone. He wanted a revolution too much in Germany. He was too proud in England. He didn't like Polish science in Poland. He wasn't popular enough and was ignored in France.

After Forster's died, most of his books were forgotten. The only place they were remembered were in some circles. This was mostly because he was a part of the French Revolution. People like him differently throughout history. Their opinion on usually changed with their political beliefs. After the Napoleonic era, he Germans thought that he was a traitor. People thought this even though people like Karl Wilhelm Friedrich Schlegel wrote good things about him.

His life was revived a little bit in the buildup to the 1848 revolution. He was, however, forgotten in Wilhelm II and Nazi Germany. Here, the only interest in Forster was from his thoughts of Poland. In the1960s in East Germany, however, people began to remember him more. This is because people thought that he showed class struggle. The GDR research station in Antarctica that was opened on 25 October 1987 was named after him. The Alexander von Humboldt foundation named a scholarship program after him. The scholarship was for foreign people from developing countries. He was a very good German ethnologist. His works are seen as very helpful in Germany's ethnology.

The ethnographical items collected by Georg and Johann Reinhold Forster are now presented as the "Cook-Forster-Sammlung" (Cook–Forster Collection) in the Sammlung für Völkerkunde anthropological collection in Göttingen. Another collection of items collected by the Forsters is on display at the Pitt Rivers Museum in Oxford.




Martin Pope

Martin Pope (born Isidore Poppick); August 22, 1918March 27, 2022) was an American physical chemist. He was a professor at New York University. He was born in New York City. He was known for his discoveries of ohmic contacts and research in the fields of organic insulators and semiconductors. His works helped create organic semiconductors.

In 2006, Pope was honored with the Davy Medal.

Pope died on March 27, 2022 at his home in New York City at the age of 103.

Tetovo

Tetovo (; ) is a city in the northwestern part of North Macedonia. It is on the foothills of Šar Mountains and separated by the Pena River. As of 2002, it has a population of 63,176 people.

Hospitality Club

Hospitality Club (HC) is a free hospitality exchange service. It provides places for people to stay, usually when traveling. The service is a gift economy. The people who provide a place for people to stay can not ask for payment for the services. Hospitality Club runs off of a reputation system. In HC, members can leave references about how good the service was. People who use it are usually asked to check each other's passports. This usually does not happen. As of March 2022, the site HC had over 325,000 users from 207 countries.

The company was founded in 2000 by Veit Kühne. 



Norma Torres

Norma Judith Torres, (née Barillas ; born April 4, 1965) is a Guatemalan-born American politician. She is a member of the United States House of Representatives for California's 35th congressional district since 2015. She was a member of the California State Senate representing the 35th district. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

Torres was born Norma Judith Barillas in Guatemala. When she was five, she and her uncle came to the United States. She originally arrived on a tourist visa, but became a legal resident in her teens and became a citizen in 1992.

Gloria Negrete McLeod

Gloria Negrete McLeod (born September 6, 1941) is an American politician. She was the United States representative for from 2013 to 2015. She was a California state senator, representing the 32nd district, from December 2006 until her election to Congress. She was in the California State Assembly from 2000 to 2006.

In February 2014, she announced her plans not to run for re-election, and instead to run for the San Bernardino County Board of Supervisors. Negrete McLeod lost the November election to Republican state Assemblyman Curt Hagman.

Holtville, California

Holtville (formerly, Holton) is a city in Imperial County, California. The population was 5,939 at the 2020 census.

Herblay-sur-Seine

Herblay-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France. In 2019, 31,314 people lived there.

The commune is in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Montigny-lès-Cormeilles

Montigny-lès-Cormeilles is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France. In 2019, 21,528 people lived there.

The commune is in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Operation Linda Nchi

Operation Linda Nchi (; "Protect the Country") was a military operation in Kenya. In it, the Kenya Defence Forces were sent into southern Somalia in 2011-2012. They were sent to fight Al-Shabaab insurgents .The Kenyan government said that the operation was done in 2012. After this, its forces joined AMISOM in Somalia.

Some people think that the Kenyan government wanted to make a buffer zone between Al-Shabaab in southern Somalia and Kenya. People also think that Kenya also probably wanted to be seen as a partner with the United States.


Le Bélieu

Le Bélieu is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Le Bizot

Le Bizot is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Bosse, Doubs

La Bosse is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Grass carp

The grass carp ("Ctenopharyngodon idella") is a very big herbivorous and freshwater fish species of the family Cyprinidae. It is from east Asia native to eastern Asia. It was originally found from northern Vietnam to the Amur River on the Siberia-China border. This Asian carp is the only species of the genus Ctenopharyngodon.

It is used in China for food. It was introduced in Europe and the United States to help weed control underwater. This species of fish has the biggest production in aquaculture in the world. Over five million tonnes per year are sold.


La Chenalotte

La Chenalotte is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Les Premiers-Sapins

Les Premiers-Sapins is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Nods (the seat), Athose, Chasnans, Hautepierre-le-Châtelet, Rantechaux and Vanclans.

Nods, Doubs

Nods is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. It is the seat of the new commune of Les Premiers-Sapins.

On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Les Premiers-Sapins.

Athose

Athose is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Les Premiers-Sapins.

Chasnans

Chasnans is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Les Premiers-Sapins.

Hautepierre-le-Châtelet

Hautepierre-le-Châtelet is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Les Premiers-Sapins.

Khanates of the Caucasus

The khanates of the Caucasus, also known as the Azerbaijani khanates, Persian khanates. or Iranian khanates, were various provinces and principalities established by Persia (Iran) on their territories in the Caucasus (modern-day Azerbaijan Republic, Armenia, Georgia and Dagestan) from the late Safavid to the Qajar dynasty.

The Khanates were mostly ruled by Khans of Turkic (Azerbaijani) origin and were vassals and subjects of the Iranian Shah (English: "King"). The khans neither had territorial or religious unity, nor an ethnic/national identity. They were mostly interested in preserving their positions and income.

Rantechaux

Rantechaux is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Les Premiers-Sapins.

Vanclans

Vanclans is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Les Premiers-Sapins.

Le Gratteris

Le Gratteris is a commune in the Doubs department. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.


Mont-de-Laval

Mont-de-Laval () is a commune in the Doubs department. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

The commune is west of Le Russey.



Montécheroux

Montécheroux is a commune in the Doubs department. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

The commune is from Saint-Hippolyte.



Rancenay

Rancenay is a commune in the Doubs department. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

The commune is northeast of Boussières. It is split by the river Doubs.



Les Plains-et-Grands-Essarts

Les Plains-et-Grands-Essarts () is a commune in the Doubs department. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.


Plaimbois-Vennes

Plaimbois-Vennes () is a commune in the Doubs department. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.


Puessans

Puessans is a commune in the Doubs department. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Puessans is south of Rougemont. It is at the bottom of a hill in the Val-Mont-Martin.



Roche-lez-Beaupré

Roche-lez-Beaupré () is a commune in the Doubs department. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

The commune is northeast of Besançon. It is on the shore of the Doubs river.

The commune was called Roche until 1934.

The commune has transportation by railroad, the national highway 83, and the Doubs River.



Ronchaux

Ronchaux () is a commune in the Doubs department. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Ronchaux is from Quingey. It is on the banks of the Bief de Caille, a stream that comes from the Mittonière cave.



Saint-Hilaire, Doubs

Saint-Hilaire () is a commune in the Doubs department. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

The commune is north of Roulans.



Marchaux-Chaudefontaine

Marchaux-Chaudefontaine is a commune in the department of Doubs, eastern France. The municipality was established on 1 January 2018. It merged the two communes of Marchaux (the seat) and Chaudefontaine.


Mazerolles-le-Salin

Mazerolles-le-Salin () is a commune in the Doubs department. It is in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Mazerolles lies west of Besançon.



Marchaux

Marchaux is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Marchaux-Chaudefontaine.

Chaudefontaine, Doubs

Chaudefontaine is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the new commune of Marchaux-Chaudefontaine.

Abbans-Dessous

Abbans-Dessous is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Valdahon

Valdahon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Abbans-Dessus

Abbans-Dessus is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

National Bureau of Statistics of China

The National Bureau of Statistics (), abbreviated as NBS, is the main agency of the People's Republic of China that works with statistics about the economy and population of China. Ning Jizhe has been in charge of the bureau since 2016.

The bureau's authority and responsibilities are listed in "China's Statistics Law". It is responsible for the research of the nation's overall statistics. It is also in charge of the actions of local agencies that also work with statistics.

The current commissioner is Ning Jizhe. He became commissioner in February 2016.


Heliopolis (Roman Phoenicia)

Heliopolis of Phoenicia was a colony of the Roman Empire. The name was Colonia Julia Augusta Felix Heliopolitana and is now the Baalbeck of modern Lebanon. It is a Unesco world heritage site

Ancient Baalbek (under its Hellenic name Heliopolis) formed part of the kingdoms of Egypt & Syria. It was annexed by the Romans during their eastern wars. The Italic settlers of the Roman colony "Colonia Julia Augusta Felix Heliopolitana" may have arrived as early as the time of Caesar but were more probably the veterans of two Roman Legions under Augustus, during which time it hosted a Roman garrison. 

Indeed the veterans of two Roman legions were established in the city (and region) of Berytus (actual Beyrut) by emperor Augustus: the "Legio V Macedonica" and the "Legio III Gallica"., and Heliopolis from 15 BC to 193 AD formed part of the territory of Berytus. The population was mainly local in the second century under Hadrian with a few descendants of the Roman colonists and likely varied seasonally with market fairs and the schedules of the Camel caravans to the coast and interior.

The present "Temple of Jupiter" presumably replaced an earlier one using the same foundation.

The presence of a huge quarry was one of the reasons for the Roman decision to create a huge "Great Court" of a big pagan temple complex in this mountain site, located at nearly 1100 meters of altitude and on the eastern borders of the Roman Empire: it took three centuries to create this colossal Roman paganism's temple complex, called "Sanctuary" of Heliopolis.

Heliopolis was a noted oracle and pilgrimage site, whence the cult spread far afield, with inscriptions to the Heliopolitan god discovered in Athens, Rome, Pannonia, Venetia, Gaul, and near the Wall in Britain. The Roman 
temple complex grew up from the early part of the reign of Augustus in the late 1st century until the rise of Christianity in the 4th century. The 6th-century chronicles of John Malalas of Antioch, which claimed Baalbek as a "wonder of the world" credited most of the complex to the 2nd-century Antoninus Pius. By that time, the complex housed three temples on Tell Baalbek: one to Jupiter Heliopolitanus (Baʿal), one to Venus Heliopolitana (Ashtart), and a third to Bacchus. On a nearby hill, a fourth temple was dedicated to the third figure of the Heliopolitan Triad, Mercury (Adon). Ultimately, the site vied with Praeneste in Italy as the two largest sanctuaries in the Western world.

The emperor Trajan consulted the site's oracle twice. In 193 AD, Septimius Severus granted the city the famous "ius Italicum" rights and the city grew in importance in all the Roman Levant.

In the third century Heliopolis had a population of nearly 20000 inhabitants and there was an hippodrome with even a theater, just outside the "Great Court" area of the temples. Additionally a temple of Mercury stood on top of the hill outside the ramparts. A long staircase led up to it from the town, as is shown on coins of Heliopolis struck under emperor Philip the Arab. Remains of the temple, the line of the staircase, and parts of its parapet have been found. Still remain some sections of the Roman walls, with square forts around the old city

The town became a battleground upon the rise of Christianity, because it was an important center of Roman paganism.
Early Christian writers such as Eusebius (from nearby Caesarea) repeatedly execrated the practices of the local pagans in their worship of the Heliopolitan Venus. In the early 4th century, the deacon Cyril defaced many of the idols in Heliopolis; he was killed and (allegedly) cannibalised Around the same time, Constantine, though not yet a Christian, demolished the goddess's temple, raised a basilica in its place, and outlawed the locals' ancient custom of prostituting women before marriage. The enraged locals responded by raping and torturing Christian virgins. The city was so noted for its hostility to the Christians, that Alexandrians were banished to it as a special punishment.

The Temple of Jupiter, already greatly damaged by earthquakes, was partially demolished under Theodosius in 379 AD and replaced by another basilica (now lost), using stones scavenged from the pagan complex. The "Easter Chronicles" states he was also responsible for destroying nearly all the lesser temples and shrines of the city. Around the year 400 AD, Rabbula, the future bishop of the diocese of Edessa, attempted to have himself martyred by disrupting the pagans of Baalbek but was only thrown down the temple stairs along with his companion. It became the seat of its own bishop as well. Under the reign of Justinian, eight of the complex's Corinthian columns were disassembled and shipped to Constantinople for incorporation in the rebuilt Hagia Sophia sometime between 532 and 537 AD.

Michael the Syrian claimed the golden idol of Heliopolitan Jupiter was still to be seen during the reign of Justin II (560s & 570s),and, up to the time of its conquest by the Muslims in 637 AD, it was renowned for its palaces, monuments, and gardens. The Arabs under Abu Ubaidah -who conquered the city after a damaging siege- renamed the city as "Baalbeck" (that in ancient Lebanese Arab language probably meaned "Bacchus ruins"). The Christians left the city, that lost importance in the next centuries (even because of the growth of nearby Damascus, that was chosen as the capital of the Umayyad Caliphate from 661 AD) and in the tenth century was reduced to be just a small village.

In 1170 AD the arab city of Baalbeck was hit by a terrible earthquake that fully destroyed the Temple of Jupiter, leaving only a few columns standing, and heavily damaged the "Great Court" of ancient Heliopolis's temple complex.



Ammameh Castle

Ammameh Castle () is a historical castle located in Shemiranat County, Tehran Province, Iran. The history of this castle goes back to the times of Ziyarid dynasty. 

Les Fontenelles

Les Fontenelles is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Saint-Julien-lès-Russey

Saint-Julien-lès-Russey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Qajars (tribe)

The Qajars, (Self-Designation: Qaçarlar, also spelled Kadjars, Kajars, Kadzhars, Cadzhars, Cadjars, Ghajars, etc.) are an Oghuz Turkic clan of Bayat tribe. who lived variously, with other tribes, in the area that is now Armenia, Azerbaijan and northwestern Iran.

With the end of the Safavid era, they had split into several fractions. These included the Ziyādoghlu (Ziādlu), associated with the area of Ganja and Yerevan, as well as the Qoyunlu (Qāvānlu), and Davālu (Devehlu) the latter two associated with the northern areas of contemporary Iran.
The Qajars were one of the original Turkoman Qizilbash tribes that emerged and spread in Asia Minor around tenth and eleventh centuries. They later supplied power to the Safavids since this dynasty's earliest days. Numerous members of the Qajar tribe held prominent ranks in the Safavid state. In 1794, a Qajar chieftain, Agha Mohammed, member of the Qoyunlu branch of the Qajars, founded the Qajar dynasty which replaced the Zand dynasty in Iran. He launched his campaign from his power base south of the Caspian Sea, capturing its capital Isfahan in 1785. A year later, Tehran accepted Mohammed's authority.

Losheim am See

Losheim am See is a municipality in Merzig-Wadern, in Saarland, Germany.

Perl, Saarland

Perl is a municipality in Merzig-Wadern, in Saarland, Germany.


Grand'Combe-Châteleu

Grand'Combe-Châteleu is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Les Gras

Les Gras is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Laval-le-Prieuré

Laval-le-Prieuré is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Le Luhier

Le Luhier is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Le Russey

Le Russey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Austro-Hungarian Navy

The Austro-Hungarian Navy, also known as the k.u.k Kriegsmarine ("Royal and Imperial Navy") was the navy of the Austro-Hungarian Empire from 1867 until the end of World War I.

After the end of the War, the Austro-Hungarians transferred their ships to the Royal Yugoslav Navy, so that the Allied Nations would not keep these ships.


Bohol Sea

The Bohol Sea, also called the Mindanao Sea, is located between the Visayas and Mindanao islands in the Philippines. It lies south of Bohol and Leyte and north of Mindanao. Siquijor and Camiguin are its two major islands.

Clube de Autores

Clube de Autores (founded in 2009) is a major self-publishing platform in Latin America, with a main focus on the Brazilian market. It is headquartered in Joinville, Santa Catarina, Brazil.

Clube de Autores claims to publish about 10% of the books in Brazil.


Bench trial

A bench trial is a trial where there is no jury. A judge decides who wins or loses without a jury. Some law systems use bench trials for almost all cases (Roman, Islamic). Others use them for only some cases or only some kinds of cases. The rules for bench trials may be different in courts that hear accused criminals and courts that hear lawsuits.

In jury trials, it is the judge's job to say what is the law and the jury's job to find the facts. In a bench trial, the judge does both. In some bench trials, both sides already agree on what the facts are. For example, in civil disobedience cases designed to test the law, accused people often agree with the prosecuting lawyers about what happened. They only want the judge to say whether it really was illegal.

Bench trials are usually faster than jury trials because the court has to do fewer things. For example, there is no jury selection and no need to send the jury to live separately or give them special instructions. For example, if lawyers in a jury trial disagree about whether one piece of evidence should be shown to the jury, they must call for a sidebar and talk to the judge about it privately. In a bench trial, they do not have to keep anything secret from a jury. The judge can also make the trial start and stop when they want. The judge may decide to let the lawyers skip opening and closing statements.

Sometimes, people ask for a bench trial if the evidence is scientific or hard to understand.

A bench trial is almost the same as a jury trial in other ways. For example, the rules of evidence and methods of objection are the same in a bench trial as in a jury trial. Bench trials can be more informal than jury trials. It is often less necessary to protect the record with objections, and sometimes evidence is accepted "de bene" because it can be removed in the future.

When a jury makes a decision at the end of a trial, it is called a verdict. When a judge in a bench trial makes a decision at the end of a trial, it is called a finding.

Most civil trials in England and Wales are bench trials.

Summary criminal trials may be heard by a single district judge (Magistrates' Court) or by a group of two or more magistrates, usually three.

Section 47 Criminal Justice Act 2003 does allow a bench trial, but they are rare. There have been only two bench trials of this kind since 2003.

Most civil trials in Scotland are conducted in the Sheriff Court by a Sheriff sitting alone. In the Court of Session, a judge from either the outer or inner house usually sits over the trial alone; but the judge may work with a jury if the trial is for personal injury. See: Trial by jury in Scotland

Summary criminal trials are conducted by a Sheriff in the Sheriff Court or a Justice of the Peace in the Justice of the Peace Court sitting alone. The Criminal Procedure (Scotland) Act 1995 says this. Trials requiring juries are called solemn procedure.

The Commission of Inquiry of 2008–2009 in Turks and Caicos said that the law should allow some criminal trials without juries the way England and Wales, the United States, India, Canada, the British overseas territories of the Falkland Islands and St. Helena, and the Netherlands all do.

In United States law, people on trial for crimes have the right to trial by jury, but sometimes they can choose to have a bench trial instead if they want. The Sixth Amendment to the United States Constitution says so.

For an accused person to have a bench trial in the federal court system, three things must happen: The accused person must say in writing that they do not want a jury, the government must agree, and the court itself must agree. The law that says so is rule 23 of the Federal Rules of Criminal Procedure.

The state court systems have different rules. For example, Missouri has Missouri Supreme Court Rule 27.01(b), "The defendant may, with the assent of the court, waive a trial by jury and submit the trial of any criminal case to the court..." Missouri does not have a rule saying the government must agree.

Some judicial proceedings, such as probate, family law, crimes and other cases where there is a child and other civil cases do not normally use juries. In such courts, judges say both fact and law.

The Vaccine Courts has bench trials.

In most countries with "Roman law," or civil law, there is no "jury" in the English sense, and trials are always bench trials. However, in more complicated cases, lay judges can be called. They are not randomly selected, as juries are. They are volunteers and vote as judges.


Black Tortoise

The Black Tortoise () is one of the Four Symbols of the Chinese constellations. It is usually shown as a tortoise with a snake. The name that is used in East Asian languages do not actually mention both of the animals. It is also called the "Black Warrior" for a better translation. It is called Xuanwu in Chinese.



Yash

Naveen Kumar Gowda, popularly known by his screen name Yash, is one of the highest paid and most soughtest stars of the Kannada film industry.

He started his career by acting in few Television serials like "Gokula", "Malebillu", and "Preeti Illada Mele". In 2007, Yash made his on-screen debut with "Jambada Hudugi". He won the Filmfare Award for the Best Supporting Actor for his next outing "Moggina Manasu" which was well received both by the audience and critics. After that, he appeared in Rocky, his first title role, but the film failed to leave an impact.

Pambai

Pambai (Tamil: பம்பை) or Pamba (in Telugu) is a local musical instrument of Tamil Nadu, South India. It looks a lot like a drum.

It is commonly used in festivals and folk music of various temples in the state. Traditionally, it is used in rural rituals to worship local gods at their shrines. It is also prevalent in a small community in the southern part of Andhra Pradesh outside Tamil Nadu. Pambai is also played at the traditional fair Nayandi Mela. 

Pambai is played by tying two Damru-shaped drums together. The instrument of two drums is placed near the player's waist or on the floor. They are beaten with sticks or with hands and sticks. Pambai players are called 'Pambaikaran' in Tamil Nadu and 'Pambala' in Andhra Pradesh. There are two types of drums based on the material used to make them. Among the simplest varieties, the pambai of both wooden drums is known as 'Bhiru Vanam'. One is made of wood and the other is made of brass or metal. In the early days, it was made of metal such as bronze and brass, but now it is also used in metal such as iron (galvanized) plate.

It is commonly used in wedding, festivals, religious ceremony and folk music of various temples in Tamil Nadu. The instrument is also used as a background instrument for folk games such as satire, karagam, kavadi, poikkal kudirai etc. Angalaparameswari sings folk songs to the tune of pamaba at folk temple festivals such as Shakti Karagam Invitation.

A tamil pambai consists of two percussion instruments, two tambourines, two pumps, an urn, a snare drum, and a hammer.


Radhika Pandit

Radhika Pandit is an Indian former actress who established her career in Kannada films industry. Brought up in Bengaluru, Radhika began her career by appearing in television soaps such as "Nandagokula", "Kaadambari", and "Sumangali". Radhika made her film debut with the film "Moggina Manasu" (2008), for which she won the Filmfare Award for Best Actress and the Karnataka State Film Awards. She then went on to star in films like "Olave Jeevana Lekkachaara" (2009), "Krishnan Love Story" (2010), "Hudugaru" (2011), "Addhuri" (2012) and "Mr. And Mrs. Ramachari" (2014).

Prabhas

Uppalapati Venkata Suryanarayana Prabhas Raju, popularly known as Prabhas, is an Indian actor who works mainly in Telugu cinema industry. He is one of the highest-paid actors in Indian cinema. In the year 2015, Prabhas starred in the movie, "", which is one of the highest grossing movies of Indian cinema and later reprised his titular role in "" (2017), which became the first Indian film in the history of Indian cinema to gross ₹1000 crores at the box office.

Pragathi Guruprasad

Pragathi Guruprasad is a Singaporean-born American singer who has worked in Tamil language movies. She was born in Fremont, California. She finished as a runner-up in the third season of the reality-based singing competition Airtel Super Singer Junior in 2012.

Kriti Kharbanda

Kriti Kharbanda is an Indian actress and model known for her role in Kannada, Hindi and Telugu movie industries. Kharbanda made her acting debut with the telegu action movie called "Boni" in 2009. She is better known for her performances in successful movies including "Googly" (2013), "Raaz: Reboot" (2016) and "Shaadi Mein Zaroor Aana" (2017).

Rashi Khanna

Raashi Khanna is an on-screen Indian actress and model who mainly works in Bollywood and the Telugu film industry. Raashi began her vocation with the Hindi movie "Madras Cafe" (2013) and subsequently made her debut as a female lead in Telugu with "Oohalu Gusagusalade" (2014). Later, She was seen in the many commercially successful movies such as "Bengal Tiger" (2015), "Supreme" (2016), "Hyper" (2016), "Jai Lava Kusa" (2017), "Villain" (2017), "Oxygen" (2017), "Tholi Prema" (2018) and "Adanga Maru" (2018).

Isthmohyla xanthosticta

The south fork tree frog ("Isthmohyla xanthosticta") is a frog that lives in Costa Rica. Scientists have seen it 2100 meters above sea level. They have seen it in only one place: Volcan Barba in Heredia Province.

Dilip Joshi

Dilip Joshi, popularly known for his role of Jethalal Gada in the Indian sitcom "Taarak Mehta Ka Ooltah Chashmah", is an Indian television and film actor. He has appeared in many serials as well as movies. He started his career by playing a supporting roles in Bollywood movies, but still he is widely known for his comic performances. Joshi has featured in films such as "Maine Pyar Kiya" (1989), "Hum Aapke Hain Kaun" (1994), "Khiladi 420" (2000), and "One 2 ka 4" (2001).

2003 Casablanca bombings

The 2003 Casablanca bombings were multiple suicide bombings on May 16, 2003, in Casablanca, Morocco. The attacks were the deadliest terrorist attacks in Morocco. Forty-five people were killed in the attacks (33 victims and 12 suicide bombers). The suicide bombers came from the shanty towns in the poor suburb of Casablanca.

Marinid Sultanate

The Marinid Sultanate was a Berber empire from the mid-13th to the 15th century in modern Morocco and other parts of North Africa. It was named after the Banu Marin (, Berber: "Ayt Mrin"), a Zenata Berber tribe. The sultanate was ruled by the Marinid dynasty ( ), founded by Abd al-Haqq I. 

Spanish protectorate in Morocco

The Spanish protectorate in Morocco was established on 27 November 1912 by a treaty between France and Spain that made the Spanish-influenced part in Morocco into a formal protectorate.

Tangier International Zone

The Tangier International Zone ( "Minṭaqat Ṭanja ad-Dawliyya", , ) was an international zone in the city of Tangier, Morocco, which existed from 1924 until 1956. It is surrounded by the Spanish protectorate in Morocco.

Adobe Premiere Pro

Adobe Premiere Pro CC (CC stands for Creative Cloud) is a video editing software. It was created by Adobe Inc. The software was first released in 2003. Premiere Pro lets users edit videos. For example, words can be added to the video or the speed of the video can be changed. The software is based on Adobe Premiere.

The original Adobe Premiere was released in 1991. It was replaced by Premiere Pro in 2002 as part of Adobe's change to Creative Cloud.

Adobe Premiere Elements was released in 2013 as a simpler version of Premiere Pro. It is easier to learn and good for beginner editors.

Premiere Pro lets users add effects to videos and images. Users can remove certain colors from the video. This is called chroma keying. Premiere Pro can edit videos at up to 32,768 x 32,768 pixels. Keyframing is a feature that makes effects change over time. For example, making a video move to a different place or make the video smaller over time.

When editing in Premiere Pro, the user can import video, audio and images, and use the software to create new, edited versions of videos which can be exported to the users files directly using Adobe Media Encoder. When creating videos in Premiere Pro, different videos, images and sounds can be edited together. Text can be added, and the user can change the font, size, and color of the text. Filters can be added to videos, images, and audio.

Keyframing is making a starting and ending point in an animation. Premiere Pro uses Keyframe interpolation to fill in the points in between the two keyframes.

Upon release, Premiere Pro was used to make many movies. Premiere Pro is very liked and is considered by some to be the best editing software of all time, rated 4.5/5 by PCMag. Some people think it is too complex, and because it costs a month.

Premiere Pro was been used to make well known movies, including Deadpool and Avatar. Premiere Pro was also used to edit "Act of Valor", "," "Superman Returns, ," "Dust to Glory" and "."

Arshad Warsi

Arshad Warsi is an Indian actor, who appears mainly in Hindi films. His Bollywood debut came with the romantic drama "Tere Mere Sapne" (1996), which movie he got his first offer to act in Amitabh Bachchan's first production. Over the next six years Arshad starred in several more films, but most of them failed to do well at the box office until 2003 when he starred in the comedy film "Munna Bhai M.B.B.S.", which was a huge success at the box office and garnered him critical acclaim and nominated for a Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor. He has since appeared in several successful films like "Maine Pyaar Kyun Kiya?" (2005), "Salaam Namaste" (2005), "Golmaal: Fun Unlimited" (2006), "Kabul Express" (2006), "Lage Raho Munna Bhai" (2006), "Dhamaal" (2007), "Golmaal Returns" (2008) etc.

Ptolemy of Mauretania

Ptolemy of Mauretania (, "Ptolemaîos"; ) was the last Roman ruler of Mauretania for Rome. He was a member of the Berber Massyles tribe of Numidia, he was also a member of Egypt's Ptolemaic dynasty.

Gudivada

Gudivada is a city in Andhra Pradesh, India.

Amaravati

Amaravati is the capital of Andhra Pradesh.

Video editing software

A video editing software, also called a video editor, is software (a program) that allows users to edit videos and images. Popular video editing softwares include Sony Vegas, Adobe Premiere Pro, and DaVinci Resolve.

Video editing software can be used to change the time when a video is played or to cut videos into many parts. It can also be used to put music and sounds at the same time as the video.

When the person editing the video is done, the software can export the file— to change it into a video file.

A video editor has many parts. There is a part which is called the timeline. This part is used to move the videos, sounds, and pictures into different parts.

Other than videos, sounds, and pictures, a person can add writing on the video, using a text clip. This writing can be used as the title of the video, or as the credits at the end of the video.

When you go to the right side of the timeline, the video moves forward, but when you go to the left side, the video moves backwards.

Videos can be added above and below another video. This lets you play two videos together at the same time.

The timeline can be used to add a fade effect. This will make a video turn into another video smoothly. Without the fade effect, videos will change suddenly.

The video editor can be used to add visual effects. A visual effect is something not real that looks real. For example, there is a green wall behind a man. The video editor can take the man out of the green wall, and make the man look like he is inside another place.

A video editing software can be used to edit the colors of a video. This can make the video look more good. For example, the colors can be made bright or dark.

To use video editing software, a strong computer is needed, but sometimes it is possible to use a weak computer.

A video uses a lot of capacity, so a big hard disk or solid-state drive needs to be used to put the video. If the capacity is not big enough, the video will not fit.

Many companies make video editing software.

Here are a few examples:


Eduardo de Castro

Eduardo de Castro González (born 3 March 1957) is a Spanish public servant and politician who is the Mayor-President of the Spanish exclave of Melilla. He has been a member of the Assembly of Melilla since 2015.

Catholic Church in Spain

The Spanish Catholic Church, or Catholic Church in Spain, is part of the Catholic Church under the Pope in Rome, and the Spanish Episcopal Conference.

Roman Catholicism in Spain dates back to the Roman Empire, at that time the Iberian Peninsula was known as Hispania. After 410 AD, Spain was taken over by the Visigoths and they brought Arianism to the region.

After the Umayyad conquest of Hispania, there was tensions between the Catholic Church and the Muslim rulers of of Al-Andalus.

The Reconquista was the long period of Spanish history by which the Catholics reconquered Spain from Islamic rule. The Spanish Inquisition was created in 1478 to complete the religious purification of the Iberian Peninsula. 

During the Age of Discovery, Spanish missionaries brought Catholicism to parts of the Americas and the Philippines.

Philip Jeck

Philip Jeck (15 November 1952 – 25 March 2022) was an English composer and multimedia artist. He was best known for his use of looping devices and both analogue and digital effects. He worked for Touch Records.

James Vaupel

James W. Vaupel (May 2, 1945 – March 27, 2022), was an American scientist. He studied aging research, biodemography, and formal demography.

Naci Erdem

Naci Erdem (28 January 1931 – 28 March 2022) was a Turkish footballer and manager. He played as a centre-back. He played for Fenerbahçe between 1953–63. He capped 605 times in Fenerbahçe history and scored 168 goals. He played 34 times for Turkey and he started as captain 3 times. 

June Jackson

Dame Temuranga Batley-Jackson (24 August 1939 – 28 March 2022), known as June Jackson, was a New Zealand Māori activist and public servant. She was chief executive officer of the Manukau Urban Māori Authority from 1986 to 2009, and a member of the New Zealand Parole Board from 1991 until her death.

Jackson died on 28 March 2022 at the age of 82.

Antonios Naguib

Antonios I Naguib (in Arabic أنطونيوس الأول نجيب; 18 March 1935 – 28 March 2022) was an Egyptian cardinal. He was the Coptic Catholic Patriarch emeritus of Alexandria from 2006 until 2013. He was also the Bishop of Minya from 1977 until 2002.

Naguib died on 28 March 2022 in Cairo, Egypt at the age of 87.

Manhattan, Illinois

Manhattan is a village in Will County, Illinois. The population was 9,385 at the time of the 2020 census. It is about 50 miles (80 km) southwest of Chicago.

Johnny Lever

John Prakash Rao Janumala, better known as Johny Lever, is an Indian actor and comedian, who mainly works in the Hindi cinema industry. Born in a Telugu-Christian family, Johny began his career in 1984. He is a character actor who specializes in the genre of comedy, for which he has received multiple Filmfare Award nominations and awards. He has appeared in a large number of movies including "Baazigar" (1993), "Judaai" (1997), "Deewana Mastana" (1997), "Kuch Kuch Hota Hai" (1998), "Joru Ka Ghulam" (2000) and "Golmaal 3" (2010).

Krrish (character)

Krrish (whose real name is Krishna Mehra) is a superhero who appears in the movie series of the same name.
He made his first appearance in "Krrish", which was the second movie of the series. The character was created by Rakesh Roshan and is portrayed by Hrithik Roshan, who reprises the role in "Krrish 3", the third movie of the franchise.

Rajpal Yadav

Rajpal Yadav is an Indian actor and comedian whose known for his work in Hindi flim industry. He has received several awards such as Filmfare, Screen Awards for his specialization in the genre of comedy. Although he started his career in Hindi industry in the mid-1990s, but he first gained popularity when he played the lead role in the thriller movie "Jungle" (2000). Subsequently, Yadav was seen in comedic roles in a slew of several successful movies like "Hungama" (2003), "Waqt: The Race Against Time" (2005), "Garam Masala" (2005), "Phir Hera Pheri" (2006) and "Dhol" (2007).

Jamui district

Jamui District is one of the districts of Bihar, India. The district was formed on 21 February 1991, when it separated from Munger district.

The size of the Jamui District is 3,090 square kilometers.

Standard Algerian Berber

Tamazight, or Standard Algerian Berber, is the official variety of Berber spoken in Algeria.

Paresh Rawal

Paresh Rawal is an Indian actor and comedian who primarily known for his works in the Hindi film industry. Paresh made his debut by playing a supporting role in the 1985 film "Arjun". He has received widespread critical acclaim and won many awards for his performance as Baburao in the ironic comedies "Hera Pheri" series. In 2014 he was awarded the fourth highest civilian award in India, Padma Shri by the Government of India, for his contributions to the entertainment industry. Rawal also received several Filmfare and National awards.

Macello

Macello is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the region of Piedmont, it is located about southwest of Turin.

Flag of Piedmont

The flag of Piedmont is a official symbol of the region of Piedmont in Italy. This flag was adopted on 24 November 1995.

Family of Joe Biden

The Family of Joe Biden is the immediate and current first family of the United States following his inauguration as the 46th president of the United States on January 20, 2021.

During his vice presidency, they were also the second family of the United States from 2009 to 2017. The Biden family is of Irish, Italian, French, and English descent.

Members of the Biden family consist of:

Joe Biden – President of the United States since 2021

Neilia Hunter Biden – First wife of Joe Biden (1942–1972)

Jill Biden – Second wife of Joe Biden, First Lady of the United States since 2021

Beau Biden – Eldest son of Joe Biden (1969–2015)

Naomi Christina Biden – Infant daughter of Joe Biden (1971–1972)

Hunter Biden – Second son of Joe Biden (b. 1970)

Ashley Biden – Second daughter of Joe Biden (b. 1981)

List of Joe Biden's grandchildren:

Naomi King Biden – (b. 1993)

Finnegan Biden – (b. 2000)

Maisy Biden – (b. 2001)

Natalie Biden – (b. 2004)

Robert Biden ll – (b. 2006)

Navy Joan Roberts – (born 2018) 

Beau Biden Jr. – (b. 2020)

Joe Biden Sr. – Father of Joe Biden (1915–2002)

Catherine Finnegan Biden – Mother of Joe Biden (1917–2010)

Valarie Biden Owens – Sister of Joe Biden (b. 1945)

James Brian Biden – Eldest brother of Joe Biden (b. 1949)

Francis W. Biden – Younger brother of Joe Biden (b. 1953)

Ziyarid dynasty

Ziyarid dynasty () was a historical Iranian dynasty that ruled Tabaristan from the year 931 to 1090. They also ruled parts of present-day western of northern Iran for some time.


First Family of the United States

The first family of the United States is the family of the president of the United States, who is both head of state and head of government of the United States. 

Members of the first family consist of the president, the first lady, and any of their children, grandchildren, stepchildren, and in-laws etc. 

Joe Biden, the 46th and current president and his immediate family is the current first family of the United States since January 20, 2021.

The first family is designated to live in the White House as the president's family, as well as for the sake of their protection and safety.
The United States Secret Service is in charge of protecting the first family at all times. As part of their protection, the president, first lady, and other immediate family members are given Secret Service codenames. The use of these codenames of used due to security and safety reasons.

The first family is immediately represented by the president and the first lady. The first lady may represent the United States and the president in non-official governmental events.

The first family is also composed of the childrens of the president. The childrens under the age of 16 may not represent legally the president and the first family in any situations.

Nana Patekar

Vishwanath Patekar (born January 1, 1951), better known as Nana Patekar, is an Indian philanthropist, writer, flim actor and film maker, who primarily working in Hindi and Marathi cinema industry. He began his career acting debut in Bollywood with the drama named "Gaman" (1978). In late 1980s, he starring as a gangster in "Parinda" (1989), for which he won the National Film Award and the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor.

Subsequently, Patekar starred in and received critical acclaim for his performance in several commercially successful films of the 1990s, including including "Raju Ban Gaya Gentleman" (1992), "Angaar" (1992), "Tirangaa" (1993), "Krantiveer" (1994), "Agni Sakshi" (1996), "Khamoshi: The Musical" (1996) etc. In the early 2000s, he received praise for his performances in "Shakti: The Power" (2002) and "Apaharan" (2005). For his contribution of the field of arts, Patekar was awarded the Padma Shri award in 2013.

Shruti Haasan

Shruti Haasan is an Indian actress and singer who predominantly works in the South Indian film industry. She has worked in films across Tamil, Telugu and Hindi languages. Shruti made her debut with "Hey Ram" in 2000. She has appeared in several commercially and critically successful films like "7aum Arivu" (2011), "Yevadu" (2014), "Puli" (2015) and "Welcome Back" (2015) and along the way picked up several awards including three Filmfare Awards, SIIMA Award, CineMAA Award and Asiavision Award.

Openverse

Openverse is an open-source search engine for open content. It was made in the WordPress project. It searches Creative Commons licensed and public domain content from many sources. The software is licensed under the MIT License.

Openverse can search content among of 600 million items.

In February 2017 Creative Commons announced CC Search, an open source search engine for open content. They released a beta version. A stable version of CC Search appeared in April 2019.
In December 2020, after Creative Commons staff changes, CC Search and other projects no longer had enough staff. CC Search and others remained available but development was stopped. CC Search no more accepts new pull requests or made changes.

In April-May 2021, Catherine Stihler (Creative Commons) and Matt Mullenweg (WordPress Foundation, Automattic Inc.) announced that CC Search join to the WordPress project. Automattic paid to the Creative Commons for the search engine, hired key members of the CC Search team and sponsor their works to the project as part of Five for the Future commitment, which (search engine project) is, at the end of the arrangement, part of a WordPress project, not Automattic. A new name was also introduced, Openverse. Openverse is the successor to CC Search, developed of its code base. It aims to be a wider open content search engine. They will continue development work and expand features. WordPress Foundation owns Openverse trademark and its other intellectual property rights. Starting in December, CC Search users will be redirected to Openverse.

Openverse searches content from many sources like Wikimedia Commons, Europeana and Flickr.



Chelsea 7750

Chelsea 7750 is a 1913 American silent crime drama movie directed by J. Searle Dawley and is the fourth of the "Kate Kirby's Cases" detective stories made in 1913. It stars Henry E. Dixey, Laura Sawyer, House Peters, Martin Faust and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Rakul Preet Singh

Rakul Preet Singh is an Indian actress who predominantly works in South Indian film industry. Model-turned-actress Preet made her debut with the Kannada movie "Gilli" (2009), she has appeared in around thirty films, which includes acting credits in Telugu, Kannada, Tamil and Hindi cinema. She nominated for Filmfare Awards South in Best Actress Telugu (2014 and 2015). Rakul Preet has won several awards, including the SIIMA Award for Best Actress for her work in the 2016 movie "Nannaku Prematho", and a CineMAA Award as well.

Corazón guerrero

Corazón guerrero (by its English title: Daring Heart) is a Mexican telenovela premiered on March 28, 2022, starring "Alejandra Espinoza" and "Gonzalo García Vivanco".

It premiered on Las Estrellas, a television network of media conglomerate TelevisaUnivision, and is based on the Argentine telenovela "Valientes".





Voiced dental fricative

The voiced alveolar stop is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨T⟩. The English language has this sound, and it is the sound represented by the "th" in "these" and "those".

Voiceless alveolar lateral fricative

The voiceless alveolar lateral fricative is a type of consonant. Some spoken languages use it. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is (sometimes called "lesh"). The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is codice_1. The voiceless alveolar lateral fricative is not used in English but is used in Welsh and represented by "ll".

Azteca Uno

Azteca Uno (formerly: Azteca Trece) is a Mexican television network, owned by TV Azteca, it is found both via satellite and cable, it is the competent channel of the Televisa television network: "Las Estrellas".

Among its programming are the programs: "Venga la alegría", "Hechos" and the competition program "Exatlón México".

Sian Heder

Sian Heder (; born June 23, 1977) is an American writer and filmmaker. She is known for writing and directing the movie "CODA" (2021), for which she won the Academy Award for Best Adapted Screenplay and BAFTA Award for Best Adapted Screenplay.

Heder was born in Cambridge, Massachusetts. Her parents are artists Mags Harries and Lajos Héder. Her mother is Welsh and her father is Hungarian. She is married to David Newsom and has two children.

Anupama Parameswaran

Anupama Parameswaran is an Indian actress and model who appears in South Indian films. She predominantly works in Telugu, Malayalam and Tamil language films. Anupama made her acting debut with the Malayalam film "Premam" (2015). Subsequently, Parameswaran starred in and received critical acclaim for his performance in several commercially successful films like "A Aa" (2016), "Kodi" (2016), "Sathamanam Bhavati" (2017), "Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi" (2017), "Tej I Love You" (2018) and "Hello Guru Prema Kosame" (2018) etc.

The Partners

The Partners is an American sitcom that aired on NBC for 1 season and 20 episodes. It aired from 18 September, 1971 to 1 September, 1972 and starring Don Adams, Rupert Crosse, John Doucette, Dick Van Patten, Robert Karvelas.

Ram Pothineni

Ram Pothineni is an Indian actor who predominantly appears in Telugu films. Pothineni made his debut in the film industry in 2006 with a commercial hit film "Devadasu". He has since been seen in lead roles in successful films such as "Ready" (2008), "Maska" (2009), "Kandireega" (2011), "Pendaga Chesko" (2015), "Nenu Sailaja" (2016), "Vunnadhi Okate Zindagi" (2017), "Hello Guru Premakosame" (2018), "iSmart Shankar" (2019) and "Red" (2021) etc.

Prakash Raj

Prakash Rai, better known by his stage name Prakash Raj, is an Indian film actor, producer and television presenter who primarily appears in South Indian film industry and known for his works in Tamil, Telugu, Kannada, Malayalam and Hindi-language films. Prakash made his debut in Tamil cinema during mid 1990s through "Duet" (1994). He has received several multiple awards including Filmfare Awards South, SIIMA Awards, CineMAA Awards.

Pranitha Subhash

Pranitha Subhash is an Indian actress who works in Telugu, Tamil, Kannada and Hindi-language films. Subhash started her career with the Kannada movie "Porki" in 2010. Subsequently, she went on to appear in several commercially successful Telugu and Tamil films such as "Baava" (2010), "Attarintiki Daredi" (2013), "Massu Engira Masilamani" (2015), and "Enakku Vaaitha Adimaigal" (2017).

Xeriscaping

Xeriscaping is the method of landscaping, or gardening, that decreases or eliminates the requirement for irrigation. 

It is encouraged in areas where fresh water is inaccessible or unreliable. It is gaining favour in other areas as irrigation water becomes scarce. But it is not limited to such places. Xeriscaping could be a good alternative to traditional gardening.

Water-conserving landscaping, drought-tolerant landscaping, and smart scaping are names that are used instead in some locations. The choice of plants with natural requirements that are suited to the local climate is stressed, and special attention is paid to reduce water loss due to evaporation and runoff. However, because this method might be climate-dependent, the precise plants employed in xeriscaping differ.

Jesy Nelson

Jessica Louise Nelson (born 14 June 1991), also known as Jesy Nelson, is a singer-songwriter from England. She was a member of the girl band Little Mix. She went solo in December 2020. She released a song named Boyz feat. Nicki Minaj. She is working on new music.

Posani Krishna Murali

Posani Krishna Murali is an Indian actor, director, screenwriter and producer who primarily appears in South Indian film industry. He has written over 150 Telugu films and has directed number of films. He started his career as an assistant director of Paruchuri Brothers and later he moved on to writing the entire movie screenplay. Since then, he has directed a bunch of commercially successful movies like "Operation Duryodhana" (2007), "Mental Krishna" (2009), "Posani Gentleman" (2009), and "Dushasana" (2011). His major acting credits include "MLA" (2018), "First Rank Raju" (2019), "Ninnu Veedani Needanu Nene" (2019), "Sarileru Neekevvaru" (2020) and "Aswathama" (2020).

FreeCell

FreeCell is a Solitaire game that is played with a standard 52-card of playing cards. FreeCell is different from other solitaire games in the sense that all cards are face-up from the beginning of the game, which makes the outcome of the game depend more on skills than luck.

To win the game, a player has to stack all cards onto four foundations, sorted by a cards suit and number, starting from the ace and ending with the king.

FreeCell is considered to be one of the easier types of solitaire since the vast majority of games are winnable. 

Sithara (actress)

Sithara Nair, called by her first name Sithara, is an Indian actress who is best known for her works in Malayalam, Telugu, Tamil, and Kannada language film and TV. Although, Sithara made her acting debut with Malayalam film "Kaveri" (1986), but it's her Tamil debut "Puthu Vasantham" (1989) directed by Vikraman that put her into popularity and acclaimed in South Indian cinema. She was also seen in the several commercially successful movies such as "Pudhu Vasantham" (1990), "Halunda Tavaru" (1994), "Padayappa" (1999).

Voiced glottal fricative

The voiced glottal fricative is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨h\⟩.

Jeff Carson

Jeff Carson (born Jeffrey Lee Herndon; December 16, 1963 – March 26, 2022) was an American country music singer and musician. He was born in Tulsa, Oklahoma. His career lasted from 1980 until 2012. He charted 14 singles on the "Billboard" country charts, including the Number One hit "Not on Your Love", the Top Ten hits "The Car" and "Holdin' Onto Somethin'", and the Top 20 "Real Life (I Never Was the Same Again)".

Carson died of a heart attack on March 26, 2022 at a hospital in Franklin, Tennessee at the age of 58.

Eugene Melnyk

Eugene Melnyk (May 27, 1959 – March 28, 2022) was a Canadian businessman and philanthropist. He was the owner, governor and chairman of the National Hockey League (NHL)'s Ottawa Senators and AHL’s Belleville Senators. He was the founder, chairman and CEO of Biovail Corporation. He had a net worth of $1.21 billion and was one of the richest people in Canada. He was one of the richest residents of Barbados.

Melnyk was hospitalized for liver failure and had a liver transplant in May 2015. He died on March 28, 2022 in Ottawa, Ontario from an illness at the age of 62.

Continental Divide tree frog

The Continental Divide tree frog ("Isthmohyla graceae") is a frog that lives in Panama. Scientists have seen it between 1120 and 1650 meters above sea level. They have seen it in only one place: Volcan Barba in Heredia Province.

Sam Gardiner

Alderman Samuel Gardiner MBE JP (born 24 March 1940) was a Unionist politician in Northern Ireland for the Ulster Unionist Party and was a MLA for Upper Bann.

Pound sign

The pound sign is the currency symbol for the pound sterling, the currency of the United Kingdom. The same symbol is used for other currencies called pound, such as the Gibraltar, Egyptian, Manx and Syrian pounds.

Voiceless palatal plosive

The voiceless palatal stop is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨c⟩. The English language does not have this sound.

Voiced palatal plosive

The voiced palatal stop is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨J\⟩. The English language does not have this sound.

Tsumkwe Constituency

Tsumkwe Constituency is an electoral constituency in the Otjozondjupa Region of Namibia. It had 8,823 people living there in 2004 and 7,075 registered voters . About 2,400 San people live in this constituency. 

Tsumkwe is the a capital city of San people. It is a small town with about 500 people, located about west of the Botswana border and east of Grootfontein.

In the 2004 regional election Moses Coma of SWAPO Party won the by-election over National Unity Democratic Organization, Congress of Democrats, and Democratic Turnhalle Alliance candidates.

The 2015 regional election was won by SWAPO's Fransina Ghauzz with 1,554 votes, followed by Ioma Gcao with 720 votes and Samuel R. Maharero with 340 votes. The SWAPO candidate also won the 2020 regional election. Johannes Hausiku received 1,249 votes, Samson Ngombe came second with 981 votes.

Sithara (singer)

Sithara Krishnakumar is an Indian playback singer, composer, dancer and an occasional actor who predominantly works in Malayalam cinema in addition to Tamil, Telugu and Kannada language films. Although she started her art life as a dancer but eventually became a playback singer and debut her career in the year 2007 with the song "Pammi Pammi" in Malayalam film "Athishayan".

Denise Coffey

Denise Dorothy Coffey (12 December 1936 – 24 March 2022) was an English actress, director and playwright.

Coffey appeared as Sidonia in "Waltz of the Toreadors" (1962), Peg in "Georgy Girl" (1966), Soberness in "Far from the Madding Crowd" (1967), and Mrs E. in Vivian Stanshall's "Sir Henry at Rawlinson End" (1980). 

Coffey died on 24 March 2022 Salcombe, England at the age of 85.

Sithara

Sithara may refer to:


Will Smith–Chris Rock slapping incident

During the 94th Academy Awards on March 27, 2022, then-Academy Award nominated actor Will Smith slapped comedian Chris Rock across the face, who was presenting the Academy Award for Best Documentary Feature. 

Rock made a joke about Jada Pinkett Smith's shaved head, comparing her to the movie "G.I. Jane". Pinkett Smith, who has alopecia, was sitting in the audience next to her husband Smith. After the joke, Smith walked onto the stage, and slapped Rock in the face. Smith then returned to his seat and twice shouted, "Keep my wife's name out your fucking mouth!" The next day, he apologized to Rock and the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences via Instagram.

The event went viral, causing many to talk about insult comedy, violence, and how to respect your family. 

After the joke, Smith laughed and smiled, while Pinkett Smith was not happy. The broadcast then returned to Rock and shortly afterwards Smith was seen walking across the stage directly towards Rock. Without speaking, Smith slapped Rock across the face, then turned around and returned to the audience. Rock's reaction, and Smith's comments were:

During the same ceremony, Smith went on to win the Academy Award for Best Actor for the movie "King Richard". In his acceptance speech, Smith said that love made him do "crazy things".

Smith's response was not supported by many celebrities, although some supported his actions as a defense of his wife. Others criticized Rock's joke and Smith's reaction. The uncensored version of the event went on YouTube had over 69 million views within 24 hours, becoming one of the most-viewed online videos in the first 24 hours.

The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences criticized Smith's actions and announcing a formal review the next day. When the event happened, the Academy thought about removing Smith from the Oscars broadcast, but decided against it. Chris Rock, according to the Los Angeles Police Department, did not want to press charges against Smith. SAG-AFTRA also said they did not support Smith's actions and began working with the Academy to see how Smith should be punished. On April 8, the Academy said that Smith will be banned from attending any Academy Award-event for the next ten years.

After the public and celebrities criticized Smith, he apologized the next day calling his actions "unacceptable" and "inexcusable". He later apologized to Rock saying "I would like to publicly apologize to you, Chris. I was out of line and I was wrong". He later said he was embarrassed of his actions and that he was wrong to react violently. On April 1, Smith resigned his membership from the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences and said he would support any punishment by the academy.

Ram Charan

Konidela Ram Charan Teja, mostly known by his stage name Ram Charan, is an Indian actor, producer and entrepreneur who predominantly known for his works in Telugu-language film industry. He is one of the highest-paid actors in India. Ran charan made his acting debut with romantic action thriller film "Chirutha" (2007) and won the Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut in South for his performance in his first movie. Charan has received widespread critical acclaim and established himself as a leading Telugu film actor with commercially successful films like "Racha" (2012), "Naayak" (2013), "Yevadu" (2014), "Govindudu Andarivadele" (2014), "Dhruva" (2016), and "Rangasthalam" (2018).

Dyeing poison dart frog

The tinging frog, dyeing poison arrow frog, dyeing poison frog, blue poison frog, blue poison arrow frog, or giant poison frog ("Dendrobates tinctorius") is a frog that lives in Guyana, French Guiana, Suriname, and Brazil.

For some time, scientists thought this frog was two species: "Dendrobates azureus" and "Dendrobates tinctorius". Now they know it is one species that can be two different colors. These two types of frog in the same species are called morphs. The blue color morph ("azureus") is bright blue-black legs and back, light blue sides, a light blue belly with spots, and spots on its head and back. Sometimes it has a dark stripe on its belly. The other morph has yellow color on its body. The adult male frog has bigger disks on its toes for climbing than adult female frogs have. Both frogs are poisonous, but the blue frogs have more poison than the yellow ones.

Scientists studied the colors on this frog using computers with a learning algorithm. They wanted to know how different predators, for example humans, reptiles, and birds, could see the frog against the dead leaves on the ground. They found that, at a short distance, frogs of both color morphs were easy to see. But further away, both color morphs were hard to see. Both the blue and yellow colors acted like camouflage. Scientists think that, because the frog is poisonous, it has bright colors to tell any nearby predator not to eat it.

This frog lives in forests that are not too high above sea level. These forests have rocky streams and water in the air.

The adult male frog sits on the ground or on leaves and sings for the female frog. The female frog comes near the male frog and touches his nose. Then the male leads the female to a body of water, where she lays 2 to 6 eggs. Usually, the male frog guards the eggs until they hatch. Sometimes the female frog does. The eggs take 14 to 18 days to hatch into tadpoles. Then the male and female frogs carry them away. They take the tadpoles to small bodies of water, for example in the leaves of a bromeliad plant. The frogs take them very far away. Sometimes the parent frogs will walk right past other pools of water to get to ones further away. Scientists think it is good for the frog's survival to spread out over a wide distance so the new frogs will not have to fight each other for food as much.

Inside the new body of water, the tadpoles fight. Sometimes they eat each other. Usually, only one tadpole per body of water lives to become a new frog. But sometimes there are two. Scientists studied the fighting tadpoles. They found that when one tadpole was much bigger than the other, they usually did not fight. They believe this is because both tadpoles knew who would lose. They also found that when two tadpoles in the same pool had the same parents, they only fought half as often as tadpoles that were not related to each other.

94th Academy Awards

The 94th Academy Awards ceremony, presented by the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS) was held at the Dolby Theatre in Los Angeles on March 27, 2022. The ceremony was hosted by Regina Hall, Amy Schumer and Wanda Sykes. It was the first ceremony since the 83rd Academy Awards in 2011 to have multiple hosts.

"CODA" became the first-ever Best Picture winner in the Academy's history to be made by an internet streaming service (in this case, Apple TV+). The movie won two other awards, Best Supporting Actor for Troy Kotsur and Best Screenplay for its writer and director, Sian Heder. 

"Dune" won six awards. "Zack Snyder's Justice League" won the first ever Oscars Cheer Moment as part of the Oscars Fan Favorite Award.

During the ceremony, actor Will Smith walked onstage and slapped comedian Chris Rock in the face. Rock had made a joke about Smith's wife, Jada Pinkett Smith.

Nabha Natesh

Nabha Natesh is an Indian model-turned-actress who primarily appears in Telugu and Kannada film industry. Natesh started her career in 2015 with a Kannada film "Vajrakaya" and Telugu film debut with "Nannu Dochukunduvate" (2018). She was seen in a leading role in some of the commercially successful movies such as "Vajrakaya" (2015), "Lee" (2017), "Adhugo" (2018) and "iSmart Shankar" (2019).

Les Vallées-de-la-Vanne

Les Vallées-de-la-Vanne is a commune in the Yonne department of central France. The municipality was made on 1 January 2016 by merger of communes of Theil-sur-Vanne, Chigy and Vareilles.

Vehicle registration plates of Austria

Austrian car number plates are required vehicle registration plates in Austria. The plate have the registration mark() of motor vehicles in Austria. They are used to show that cars are legal to be used on the streets. The plates are also proof of a liability insurance and are used to identify the vehicle.

Sayyeshaa

Sayyeshaa Saigal, better known as Sayyeshaa, is an Indian actress who mainly appears in South Indian film industry. Sayyeshaa made her acting debut in the industry in 2015 with the action telugu film "Akhil: The Power of Jua". Subsequently, she was seen in the Ajay Devgan-starrer "Shivaay" (2016), which made her Bollywood debut.

Le Val-d'Ocre

Le Val-d'Ocre () is a commune in the Yonne department of central France. The municipality was made on 1 January 2016 by merger of communes of Saint-Aubin-Château-Neuf and Saint-Martin-sur-Ocre.

Sépeaux-Saint-Romain

Sépeaux-Saint-Romain () is a commune in the Yonne department of central France. The municipality was made on 1 January 2016 by merger of communes of Sépeaux and Saint-Romain-le-Preux.

Arya (actor)

Jamshad Cethirakath, mostly known by his stage name Arya, is an Indian actor and producer who primarily appears in Telugu film industry. Although, he has also appeared in Malayalam-language movies. Arya made his debut in the industry in 2005 with the Tamil movie "Arinthum Ariyamalum" and went on to win the Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut - South for his performance. He gained further commercial success and critical acclaim through the films "Madrasapattinam" (2010), "Boss Engira Bhaskaran" (2010), Vettai (2012) and "Raja Rani" (2013). Subsequently, he went further and appears in some of his high grossing movies such as "Sarpatta Parambarai" (2021) and "Aranmanai 3" (2021).

Paris Commune

The Paris Commune (, ) was a revolutionary government that took power in Paris, the capital of France, from 18 March to 28 May 1871.

On 2 September 1870, France was defeated in the Battle of Sedan during the Franco-Prussian War, and Napoleon III was captured. When the news reached Paris, angry people came out into the streets. Empress Eugénie fled Paris and the government of the Second Empire collapsed. 

Republicans of the National Assembly created the French Third Republic, and formed a Government of National Defence to continue the war.

Area code 509

Area code 509 is an area code for Washington. It was created as a split from 206 in 1957. It covers the eastern portion of the state, consisting of towns such as Spokane, Ellensburg, Yakima, Walla Walla, Wenatchee, Richland, Pasco, and Kennewick.

Catillon-sur-Sambre

Catillon-sur-Sambre is a commune of the Nord department in northern France.

Brillon

Brillon is a commune in the Nord department in northern France. It is northwest of Valenciennes and northeast of Douai.

Ottoneum

The Ottoneum in Kassel, Germany is a building. It was the first theater building in Germany. It is now a museum of natural history.

Nithiin

Nithin Kumar Reddy, professionally known as Nithiin, is an Indian actor who appears mainly in Telugu film industry. He started his acting debut in 2002 with romantic action drama film "Jayam" and for which he won Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut – South. Further he has seen in a leading role of many successfully commercial films including "Gunde Jaari Gallanthayyinde" (2013), "Heart Attack" (2014), "A Aa" (2016), "Bheeshma" (2020), and "Rang De" (2021).

Targitaos

In Scythian mythology, Targitaos (, from Scythian "whose might is far-reaching") was the first king of the Scythians. He was the son of Papaios and Borysthenis, daughter of Borysthenes, god of the Dnieper River in Scythia (modern Ukraine). He had three sons: Lipoxais, Arpoxais, and Kolaxais, the youngest. 


Pawan Kalyan

Konidela Kalyan Babu, professionally known as Pawan Kalyan, is an Indian actor, film producer, director and screenwriter who mainly appears in Telugu film industry. Kalyan made his career debut with the telugu film "Akkada Ammayi Ikkada Abbayi" (1996) and starred in "Tholi Prema" (1998), for which won the National Film Award for Best Feature Film in Telugu of the year. He has also known for his leading role in many successfully commercial films including "Gokulamlo Seeta" (1997), "Suswagatham" (1998), "Thammudu" (1999), "Badri" (2000), "Kushi" (2001) , "Jalsa" (2008), "Gabbar Singh" (2012), "Attarintiki Daredi" (2013), "Gopala Gopala" (2015), and "Vakeel Saab" (2021).

Hungarians in Serbia

Hungarians (, ) are the second-largest ethnic group in Serbia if not counting Kosovo Albanians. According to the 2011 census, there are 253,899 ethnic Hungarians make up 3.5% of the population of Serbia. Majority of them live in the autonomous province Vojvodina. Most Hungarians in Serbia are Roman Catholics. Hungarian is one of the six official languages of the Vojvodina.

List of Indian painters

This is a list of notable painters from, or associated with, India.
"Please add only those artists that have Wikipedia articles. All others will be removed."






Area code 334

Area code 334 is an area code for Alabama. It was created on January 15, 1995 as a split from area code 205. It was the first area code to not have the middle digit as 0 or 1. It was created on the same day as area code 360, which is in Washington. It consists of counties such as Montgomery (its capital and its county), Auburn-Opelika, and Dothan metropolitan areas.

Mahesh Babu

Ghattamaneni Mahesh Babu, popularly known by his name Mahesh Babu, is an Indian actor, producer, and philanthropist who works primarily in Telugu film industry. In the year 1979, he performed his first act in the front of camera as a child artist in the Telugu film "Needa". Two decades later, Mahesh made his career debut as a lead actor in the year 1999 with the "Raja kumarudu". He appears so many commercially successful films as a leading actor including "Businessman" (2012), "Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu" (2013), "1: Nenokkadine" (2014), "Srimanthudu" (2015), "Bharat Ane Nenu" (2018), "Maharshi" (2019), and "Sarileru Neekevvaru" (2020).

Metropolitan City of Turin

The Metropolitan City of Turin (, Piedmontese: "Sità metropolitan-a 'd Turin") is a metropolitan city in the Piedmont region, Italy. The capital is the city of Turin.

1997 FIFA U-17 World Championship

The FIFA U-17 World Championship 1997 was a tournament. It was the seventh version of the tournament. It was in the cities of Cairo, Ismailia, Alexandria, and Port Said in Egypt. The tournaments were between 4 September and 21 September 1997. Players born after 1 January 1980 could join this tournament.

David of Spain won the Golden Shoe award. They got it for scoring seven goals. 117 goals were made by 73 players. One player scored against themselves.














Area code 360

Area code 360 is an area code for Washington. It was created on January 15, 1995 as a split from area code 206. It was one of the first area codes to not have the middle digit as 0 or 1. It entered service on the same day as area code 334, which is in Alabama. It consists of cities such as its capital city, Olympia, Port Angeles, Vancouver, Battle Ground, and Longview.
Cities and towns in area code 360 are these:


Dawn (brand)

Dawn is an American brand of dishwashing liquid. It is owned by Procter & Gamble. It was introduced in 1973. In the United States, it is the best-selling brand of dishwashing liquid. Dawn products(their items that you can buy) are also used to get rid of grease. They were used to get rid of oil on animals like during the "Exxon Valdez" and "Deepwater Horizon" oil spills.


Viral entry

Viral entry is when a virus goes into the cell that it has infected. It is the first part of the virus’s life. 

Most viruses share some basics steps. First, the virus has to stick or attach to the outside of the cell. Then some proteins react to each other. After that, there are a few different ways that viral entry can happen.

The first way is called membrane fusion. The outside layer of the cell has a hole poked in it for the virus to go in.

The second way is called endocytosis. The cell thinks the virus is food and eats it.

The third way is Viral penetration. This is where the virus injects itself into the cell.

Nilüfer Gündoğan

Nilüfer Gündoğan (born 6 June 1977) is a Dutch politician and has a Kurdish-Turkish background.

Gündoğan was born in Nazimiye, Turkey, and grew up in Weert, the Netherlands. She studied medecine and political science but did not finish her studies. She worked as a consultant and manager, among others at the municipality of Amsterdam.

She joined the Democrats 66 (D66) party in 2009 but switched to Volt Netherlands in 2018. On behalf of this party she was elected into the House of Representatives on 31 March 2021. After accusations of improper behaviour she was expelled from the Volt group in February 2022 and has gone on as an independent politician since 22 March 2022.


La herencia (2022 TV series)

La herencia (by its title in English: Legacy), is a Mexican telenovela premiered on March 28, 2022, starring "Michelle Renaud, Matías Novoa, Daniel Elbittar, Emmanuel Palomares, Juan Pablo Gil" and "Mauricio Henao".

The telenovela was premiered by Las Estrellas, belonging to the TelevisaUnivision media conglomerate, and is produced by Juan Osorio and based on the Chilean telenovela "Hijos del Monte", the theme song of the telenovela is sung by Ángela Aguilar.




IPad Mini (6th generation)

The sixth generation iPad Mini (sold as iPad mini) is a tablet computer that is made and sold by Apple Inc. It has a screen size of 8.3 inches, compared to the 10.2 inch screen on a regular iPad. It was released on September 24, 2021

It is the successor to the iPad Mini (5th generation).

Tom Pendry

Thomas Pendry, Baron Pendry, PC (born 10 June 1934) is a Labour politician and member of the House of Lords. He was the Labour member of parliament for Stalybridge and Hyde from 1970 to 2001. 

In 2001, he was made a member of the Privy Council on the recommendation of Tony Blair. After the 2001 election he was promoted to the peerage on 4 July as Baron Pendry.

He is president of the Football Foundation Ltd.

Matthew Labyorteaux

Matthew Charles Labyorteaux (born December 8, 1966) is an American film, television and voice actor. He is best known for portraying Albert Ingalls on "Little House on the Prairie" from 1978-1983. He is also known as the voice of Jaden Yuki and The Supreme King in "Yu-Gi-Oh! GX" from 2005-2008.

In many of his credits, his last name is spelled as "Laborteaux". He is also credited as "Matthew Charles" for his work in animation.

Dream (Ai album)

Dream is the twelfth studio album by Japanese-American singer-songwriter Ai. It was released on February 23, 2022, by EMI Records. Ai collaborated with Japanese and American producers. This includes Uta and Bernard "Harv" Harvey, who produced her 2021 extended play, "It's All Me, Vol. 2".
Three singles have been released from the album. The first single, "The Moment" featured Japanese rapper Yellow Bucks and was released in June 2021. "In the Middle", a collaboration with Daichi Miura was released in August 2021. The third single was "Aldebaran". This served as the theme song for the Japanese television drama "Come Come Everybody". "Aldebaran" became Ai's first song to chart since her 2017 single, "Kira Kira". The song debuted and peaked at number 37 on the "Billboard Japan" Hot 100 and peaked at number 6 on the Oricon Digital Singles Chart.
"Dream" debuted at number 12 on the Oricon Daily Albums chart for February 22, 2022. It rose to number 7 on February 23.

Credits adapted from album's liner notes and Tidal.



Aldebaran (song)

"Aldebaran" is a song recorded by Japanese-American singer-songwriter Ai. It was released on November 1, 2021 by EMI Records and Universal Music Group. The song serves as the theme song for the Japanese television drama, "Come Come Everybody". It also served as the third single from Ai's twelfth studio album, "Dream".

"Aldebaran" debuted at number 5 on the "Oricon" Daily Digital Singles chart on November 2. On the weekly "Oricon" Digital Singles chart, the song debuted at number 11. For the week of November 16, 2021, "Aldebaran" rose to number 6 with 8,331 total downloads. On the "Billboard Japan" Hot 100, "Aldebaran" debuted at number 37. It marked Ai's first appearance on the chart since her 2017 single, "Kira Kira".

Andy Berman

Andrew Mark Berman (born February 24, 1968) is an American actor, director, producer, writer and comedian. He is best known for his role as Dib Membrane in "Invader Zim" (2001-2006), Dennis in "The Jamie Foxx Show" (1996-1997), Chuck in "The Wonder Years" (1991-1993) and Guy in "Psych" (2006-2014).

Akhil Sachdeva

Akhil Sachdeva is an Indian singer and music composer who started his music career debut with "Badrinath Ki Dulhania" in Bollywood. Although he started his journey in 2009 as a lead vocalist of music brand "Nasha", but he widely known and gained critical acclaim after composing the love song "Tera Ban Jaunga". This song pushed him to a huge success and through which he won many prestigious awards like Zee Cine, Filmfare awards etc.

Rob Minkoff

Robert Ralph Minkoff (born August 11, 1962) is an American filmmaker. He is known for directing the Academy Award-winning Disney animated feature "The Lion King" (with Roger Allers), along with directing "Stuart Little", "Stuart Little 2", "The Haunted Mansion", "The Forbidden Kingdom" "Mr. Peabody & Sherman". Paws Of Fury: The Legend Of Hank, and The Ark and the Aardvark. 

Michelle Renaud

Michelle Renaud Ruesga (September 9, 1988, Mexico City, Mexico) or simply Michelle Renaud is a Mexican actress.

Stuart Saves His Family

Stuart Saves His Family is a 1995 American comedy movie. It was directed by Harold Ramis. The movie is based on a series of "Saturday Night Live" sketches from the early to mid-1990s. It follows the adventures of would-be self-help guru Stuart Smalley. Smalley is a character created by comedian Al Franken. In the movie, Smalley tries to save both his family and his public-access television program. Some of the things in the plot come from Franken's book, "I'm Good Enough, I'm Smart Enough, and Doggone It, People Like Me!: Daily Affirmations by Stuart Smalley".

The movie was made by Lorne Michaels. is stars Franken, Laura San Giacomo, Vincent D'Onofrio, Shirley Knight, Harris Yulin and Lesley Boone. There are also many cameo roles in the movie. Julia Sweeney, Joe Flaherty, Robin Duke, Richard Riehle, Kurt Fuller and future WWE ring announcer Justin Roberts all have cameo roles.

Mark Clarke (politician)

Mark Clarke (born June 1977) is a British former Conservative Party politician. He was a parliamentary candidate. He also was the director for the Young Britons' Foundation. The Young Britons' Foundation isn't a foundation anymore. He was also a chairman of the Conservative Future. The Conservative Future is also not a company anymore. He was the old director of the Road Trip electioneering organisation which was disbanded in 2015. They got Conservative party politicians to parliament in the 2015 general election campaign. Clarke was not allowed to be in the party on 24 September 2015. This is because of the suicide of Elliott Johnson who was another conservative party politician. He said that Clarke was bullying him.

After this, many accusations (claims about something that he did) were made against Clarke in newspapers. In November 2015 he was banned for life from joining the Conservative Party. This led to national coverage and led to Grant Shapps resigning as a government minister.

Clarke is married to Sarah Clarke. She is National Health Service worker. They have two children. Before this marriage, he was in a relationship with the Conservative member of parliament Justine Greening.

Jesse Bochco

Jesse John Bochco (born March 2, 1975) is an American television director and producer. He is the son of father Steven Bochco (who was an television producer) and mother Barbara Bosson (who was an actress).

Anirudh Ravichander

Anirudh Ravichander, also known by his first name as Anirudh, is an Indian singer and music composer who mainly works for Telugu film industry. Ravichander made his career debut in the art of music since he compose song for the romantic drama film "3" (2012). Throughout his career he composes many notable songs, for which he bagged numerous accolades awards and critical acclaim in his art of music.

Night in New Orleans

Night in New Orleans is a 1942 American crime movie directed by William Clemens and was based on the 1940 novel "Sing a Song of Homicide" by James R. Langham. It stars Preston Foster, Patricia Morison, Albert Dekker, Charles Butterworth, Dooley Wilson, Cecil Kellaway, Noble Johnson and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Mehreen Pirzada

Mehreen Kaur Pirzada, better known by her first and last name Mehreen Pirzada, is an Indian model-turned-actress who mainly appears in South Indian film industry. She made her career debut with the Telugu film "Krishna Gaadi Veera Prema Gaadha" (2016), Hindi debut with "Phillauri" (2017), and Tamil debut with "Nenjil Thunivirundhal" (2017).

Old Saxon

Old Saxon, sometimes called Old Low German, was a Germanic language. It was spoken from the 8th to the 12th century. It was spoken in North Germany.

Isthmohyla insolita

Isthmohyla insolita is a frog that lives in Honduras. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: 1550 meters above sea level in the Sierra Madre de Dios.

Shahid Kapoor

Shahid Kapoor is an Indian actor who mainly appears in Hindi films. Although, during 1990s, he appeared as a background dancer in a few films and was later featured in music videos and television commercials. Shahid made his film debut as an actor in 2003 in the romantic comedy "Ishq Vishk" and for which won a Filmfare Award for Best Male Debut. He has acted in many commercially successful films before, however highest-grossing releases came with "Padmaavat" (2018) and "Kabir Singh" (2019).

La Madeleine, Nord

La Madeleine () is a commune in the Nord department in northern France.

Paul Herman

Paul Herman (March 29, 1946 – March 29, 2022) was an American actor. He was known for playing Peter Gaeta in the television series "The Sopranos", Randy in David O. Russell's dramedy "Silver Linings Playbook" (2012) and Whispers DiTullio in Martin Scorsese's crime epic "The Irishman" (2019).

Herman died on his 76th birthday on March 29, 2022.

Crazy Heart

Crazy Heart is a 2009 American drama movie, written and directed by Scott Cooper. It is based on the 1987 novel of the same name by Thomas Cobb.

It is about a country music singer-songwriter Otis Blake (Jeff Bridges) starts to fix his life after getting in a relationship with a young journalist Jean Craddock (Maggie Gyllenhaal). Colin Farrell, Robert Duvall, Paul Herman and Jack Nation also star.

It had strong positive reviews and Bridges won the Academy Award for Best Actor for his role as Otis Blake.

2018 Ontario general election

The 2018 Ontario general election was held on June 7, 2018. Doug Ford's Progressive Conservative Party won a majority of seats, and Andrea Horwath's New Democratic Party formed the opposition.

Jorge Álvares

Jorge Álvares (died 8 July 1521) was a Portuguese explorer. He is known for being the first European to have reached China by sea during the Age of Discovery.

Freixo de Espada à Cinta

Freixo de Espada à Cinta (), is a municipality in the northeastern region of Portugal, it is near the border with Spain, near the Douro River Valley. The population in 2011 was 3,780, in an area of 244.14 km.

Augustine Eguavoen

Augustine Owen Eguavoen (born 19 August 1965) is a Nigerian football manager and former player who serves as manager of the Nigeria national team.

Nigeria

Nigeria

Enyimba International

David Ngodiga

David Ngodiga (born 23 October 1962) is a Nigerian footballer. He took part in the men's tournament at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Area code 314

Area code 314 is an area code for Missouri. It was one of the primary area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the eastern portion of the state but after it was split by 573 in 1996 and 636 in 1999. It now covers the St. Louis territory. It was overlaid by 557 on August 12, 2022.

Jhumka (earring style)

Jhumka is a type of earrings worn by women in the Indian subcontinent. 

During the Mughal Empire, Kharanpul Jhumka evolved as a unique piece of jewelry. Its clock shape is still the same as before. Jhumka is also known as "Jhumki" in some areas. The jewelry has maintained its status as an earring throughout the history of Bangladesh, India and Pakistan. People only wear these earrings for the Indian traditional dance Bharatanatyam. 
The source of this popular earring style is probably the ancient temple statues of the Chola dynasty (they may be as old as 300 BC). According to a second-generation jeweler Fleur van Gelder, the temple was decorated with ornaments to pay homage to the gods. As a result, traditional temple dancers began to wear similar ornaments adorned with idols of the gods and goddesses of the temple.
Originating in South India, "Jhumka" gained nationwide acceptance as earrings, especially from the royal family. But everyone adapted to the shape of the bell to create their own style. The jhumka were lighter than the other jewelry because they were hollow inside.

The Hindi film "Mera Saya" (1986) a song named "Barelike Bazar Mein" about the loss of the lead actress's "Jhumka".

Also, in 2020, a jhumka weighing 262 kg was placed on a 14-foot-high pole next to the Lucknow-Delhi highway in Bareilly. The Jhumka was made with the famous lacework of the area.

Here is the most popular Jhumka Designs 


These are heavy gold jhumka designs, mainly used in special events like Wedding. These lovely pieces of jewellery are a must-have for any bride who wants to add a touch of tradition and glamour to her bridal ensemble. Read more 

Inkanyamba

An inkanyamba is a kind of eel that is found in some legends. The legends tell about a gigantic, winged eel with a big appetite that is associated with extreme storms. The Inkanyamba is also a legendary serpent said to be living in a waterfall lake in the northern forests near Pietermaritzburg, most commonly in the base of Howick Falls, South Africa. The Zulu people of the area believe it to be a large serpent with an equine head. It is a very tall creature. It is invisible, so no one has ever seen it. Inkanyamba in English means the deity of tornadoes, taking the form of a black snake.

Nungthel Leima

Nungthel Leima is a goddess in Meitei mythology and religion. She is an adopted daughter of God Koupalu (Koubru) and Goddess Kounu. She is a wife of God Loyalakpa. She is regarded as the deity of the Khunjahanba. She is one of the incarnations of Leimarel Sidabi.

The name "Thoudu Nungthel Leima" (ꯊꯧꯗꯨ ꯅꯨꯡꯊꯦꯜ ꯂꯩꯃ, /tʰəu.du núŋ.tʰel lə́i.ma/) or "Thoudu Nungthen Leima" (ꯊꯧꯗꯨ ꯅꯨꯡꯊꯦꯟ ꯂꯩꯃ, /tʰəu.du núŋ.tʰen lə́i.ma/) is made up of three Meitei language words, "Thoudu Nung" (ꯊꯧꯗꯨ ꯅꯨꯡ, /tʰəu.du núŋ/), "Thel" (ꯊꯦꯜ, /tʰel/) or "Then" (ꯊꯦꯟ, /tʰen/) and "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ). In Meitei language (Manipuri language), "Thoudu Nung" (ꯊꯧꯗꯨ ꯅꯨꯡ, /tʰəu.du núŋ/) means stone. This term is typically used in poems and verses.
In Meitei language (Manipuri language), "Thel" (ꯊꯦꯜ, /tʰel/) or "Then" (ꯊꯦꯟ, /tʰen/) means "to " or "to ".
In Meitei language (Manipuri language), "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ, /lə́i.ma/) means queen. The word "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ, /lə́i.ma/) itself is made up of two words, "Lei" (ꯂꯩ, /lə́i/) and "Ma" (ꯃ, /ma/). "Lei" (ꯂꯩ, /lə́i/) means land and "Ma" (ꯃ, /ma/) means mother.

Goddess Thoudu Nungthel Leima is described as the deity of the Khunjahanba. ""Khunjahanba"" means ""the first villager"" or ""the first citizen of a place"". In Meitei language (Manipuri language), "khunja" (ꯈꯨꯟꯖꯥ, /kʰun.ja/) means "a villager". Morphologically, "khunja" (ꯈꯨꯟꯖꯥ, /kʰun.ja/) is divided into "khun" (ꯈꯨꯟ, /kʰun/) and "-ja" (ꯖꯥ, /ja/). "Khun" (ꯈꯨꯟ, /kʰun/) means "village" and "-ja" (ꯖꯥ, /ja/) literally means "offspring".
In Meitei language (Manipuri language), "Ahanba" (ꯑꯍꯥꯟꯕ, /ə.han.bə/) means "the first" or "the initial".

Goddess Leimarel Sidabi incarnated herself as a little girl and laid herself on a stone slab in the riverbed. On the very day, God Koubru and Goddess Kounu were walking on a nearby place. God Koubru got very thirsty. So, he went down the riverside to drink water. He found the girl on the river bed. Koubru shouted three times asking if there was anyone for the baby girl. Since no one responded, Koubru and Kounu brought the girl to their divine home. The girl was adopted as their own daughter. She was given three names. She was named "Ipok Leima" ("Eepok Leima") because she was found in the stream. She was also named "Thoudu Nungthel Leima" because she was found lying on the stone slab. She was given her final name as "Taipang Nganpi" ("Taibang Nganbi") because she was beautiful as well as bright.

Nungthel Leima is married to God Loyalakpa. However, she was once admired by God Khoriphaba. Once Khoriphaba was offered a chance by God Koubru to choose any lady of his own desire from the latter's place. Unfortunately, Goddess Nungthel Leima was chosen by Khoriphaba. But since Nungthel Leima was already married, God Koubru could not give Khoriphaba the chosen lady. Koubru did not want to take back his own words. So, he asked Khoriphaba to choose a lady once again but he should do it blindfolded. Blindfolded Khoiriphaba tried to choose but could not get Goddess Nungthel Leima. This event is enacted by the maibis in the Lai Haraoba festival till present times.

The sacred Lai Haraoba festival is annually celebrated in honor of goddess Thoudu Nungthel Leima, besides other deities.
On the 19th of January, 2018, a newly built temple to Ema Nungthel Leima was opened at "Top Siphai" by , the then MLA of . During the ceremony, Oinam Lukhoi made a proposal to to re-develop the existing sacred temples in the Wangoi AC, including other temples of goddess Nungthel Leima.

"Nungthel Leima Tollomkhombada Thajaba" is a book written by Naoroibam Khamba. It was released on the 17th of January, 2021.


Josep Maria Mauri

Josep Maria Mauri Prior (born 21 October 1941) is a Spanish Catholic priest from Catalonia and the personal representative of the episcopal co-prince of Andorra, Archbishop Joan Enric Vives Sicília.

Nivetha Thomas

Nivetha Thomas is an Indian actress, model and television personality who appears mainly in the South Indian films. She has worked in films across Telugu, Malayalam and Tamil language. Nivetha began her career debut as a child artist with the Malayalam film "Veruthe Oru Bharya" (2008) and for which she won the Kerala State Film Award for Best Child Artist. Further, she went on to star as a main character in many successful movies including "Gentleman" (2016), "Ninnu Kori" (2017), "118" (2019), "V" (2020) and "Vakeel Saab" (2021) etc.

Akhil Akkineni

Akhil Akkineni is an Indian-descent American actor who primarily appears in South Indian film industry. Although he started act in the front of camera as a child artist in a Telugu movie "Sisindri" (1995), but as an actor he made his career debut in 2015 with the movie "Akhil: The Power of Jua". He is a son of Indian actor Akkineni Nagarjuna and Amala Akkineni and half-brother of actor Naga Chaitanya.

Naga Chaitanya

Akkineni Naga Chaitanya is an Indian actor who mainly appears in Telugu-language films. He made his career debut with "Josh" (2009), and his breakthrough came with "Maaya Chesave" (2010). He has established himself as one of the leading actors in Telugu cinema. He is son of actor Akkineni Nagarjuna and Lakshmi Daggubati and a paternal half-brother of actor Akhil Akkineni. He has received critical acclaim and success for his leading role in "Premam" (2016), "Rarandoi Veduka Chudham" (2017), "Majili" (2019), "Venky Mama" (2019) and "Love Story" (2021).

Samantha Ruth Prabhu

Samantha Ruth Prabhu is an Indian actress. She mainly works in Telugu and Tamil movie industries. She is one of the highest-paid South Indian actress. Samantha started her acting career in 2010 with the Telugu romance movie "Ye Maya Chesave", which won her the Filmfare Award for Best Debut Actress and a Nandi Award. Although she has played a lead actress in many commercially successful movies, but for which she has received much critical acclaim and many awards are "Neethaane En Ponvasantham" (2012), "Eega" (2012), "Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu" (2012), "Attarintiki Daredi" (2013), "Kaththi" (2014), "A Aa" (2016), "Theri" (2016), "24" (2016), "Mersal" (2017), "Rangasthalam" (2018), and "Mahanati" (2018). She received more critical acclaim for her roles in the 2019 releases, "Super Deluxe", "Majili", "Oh! Baby" and for her only 2020 movie "Jaanu".


Pragya Jaiswal

Pragya Jaiswal is an Indian actress and model who mainly works in Telugu movies and also in Hindi and Tamil films. She debuted his career with the Hindi film "Titoo MBA" (2014) and in the same year has appeared in the Tamil film "Virattu" and "Kanche".

Hank Snow

Clarence Eugene "Hank" Snow (May 9, 1914 – December 20, 1999) was a Canadian-American country music artist. He was very popular in the 1950s. His career lasted for more than 50 years. He recorded 140 albums and 85 singles.



Beal conjecture

The Beal Conjecture is the USD $1,000,000 prize conjecture created by Andrew Beal in 1993, which has come to be worth 7 figures over nearly 30 years; a 2-year wait is lifted by the Beal bank on winnings, according to the conjecture's website. It is a generalization conjecture of FLT, the last conjecture of Pierre de Fermat. So in terms of valuation of the prize, it's worth less than a million; due to the time value of money or TVM.

The conjecture asks why common factors always exist for equations of the form a^x+b^y=c^z. If the equations are made equivalent to batteries, cells are always a real number; an RCF- real common factor.

FLT

FLT may refer to:

Hodge conjecture

Hodge's Conjecture, or (The) Hodge Conjecture, also known as "Hodge's Letter-A Problem," or Hodge's Letter, is a Millennium Problem and a meme, and one whose expression has grown in length and complexity over the years, being seen generally a "problem of diversion," but not a "problem-problem." Hodge's Letter may help the world understand more about algebra topology, and how long straight-lines meet.

In 1924, before Hodge even made the conjecture in 1950, Solomon Lefschetz ForMemRS proved it for codimension 1. In other words, every Hodge class in H²(X, ℚ) is algebraic. By duality, this also shows that every Hodge class in Hⁿ⁻²(X, ℚ) is algebraic. Thus, if the dimension of X is 1, 2, or 3 the Hodge Conjecture is true. The Clay Mathematics Institute, and other drummers-up of the Hodge Conjecture as "a hard problem", just want to find proofs for "this" X, of 4 and higher.

As an abstract problem, it is only the existence question of algebraic variety—difficulty cannot be assigned. As far as its implications, Hodge is credited with a breakthrough in harmony mathematics; a monumental achievement.

The related 5 postulates were written twice: Greek, on the left page across from the same in English. If it is taken for granted that every angle is represented in "acute," "obtuse," and "right," the fancy letters are unneeded.

Hodge Theory, founded on this, has practical applications in TVs.

Sir William Vallance Douglas Hodge is famous for his work on harmonics seen as harking back to his predecessor Riemann. From his postulates, one can reach the more abstract Hodge Conjecture, which in maze notation can easily fill up an entire Bible-sized text with purely symbolic writing. Forming the planar geometrical origins for Hodge Theory, these were later described by Hodge himself as "crude in the extreme."

The English is:

This 5th postulate reads badly without its parentheses:
"And that if a straight-line falling across two straight-lines makes internal angles on the same side less than two right angles, then the two straight-lines, being produced to infinity, meet on that side that the is less than two right angles."

In Simple English, when the letter A's shape is drawn on this imaginary plane, the triangle inside has the same degrees as two right angles, and so the plane must be flat.

Hodge does not use the terms obtuse and acute, preferring to say "less" and "greater."

Samoan Americans

Samoan Americans are Americans that are from Samoa. They are also people who emigrated from the Independent State of Samoa or American Samoa to the United States. Samoan Americans are Pacific Islanders in the United States Census. They are the second biggest Pacific Islander group in the U.S., after Native Hawaiians.






The Glove

The Glove was a 1983 English musical collaboration and recording project by the Cure's Robert Smith and Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias and The Smirks' Ian Morris ("Mog"). They released one studio album, "Blue Sunshine", in 1983 as part of Severin's solo deal with Polydor. The latter came up with the band name, the album title and the blue/yellow sleeve concept, as Smith had to leave the project before completion due to prior commitments with the Cure.

Urgh! A Music War

Urgh! A Music War is a 1981 British concert movie featuring performances by punk rock, new wave, and post-punk bands and artists.

Filmed in August to September 1980 it was directed by Derek Burbidge and produced by Michael White and Lyndall Hobbs. Among the acts featured in the movie are Orchestral Manoeuvres in the Dark (OMD), Magazine, the Go-Go's, Toyah Willcox, the Cure, Joan Jett & the Blackhearts, X, XTC, Devo, the Cramps, Oingo Boingo, Dead Kennedys, Gary Numan, Klaus Nomi, Wall of Voodoo, Pere Ubu, Steel Pulse, Surf Punks, 999, the Alley Cats, Alberto y Lost Trios Paranoias, UB40, Echo & the Bunnymen and the Police. These were many of the most popular groups on the New Wave scene; in keeping with the spirit of the scene, the film also features several less famous acts. However, the artists featured in the movie didn't make it in the final cut, including Talking Heads, the Beat, Human League, Madness and the Specials.

"Urgh! A Music War" consists of a series of performances, without narration or explanatory text. All performances are live, recorded around 1980, mainly in London, Manchester, Melbourne, San Diego, Los Angeles, Santa Monica and New York. Clips were also taken from a concert in Fréjus, Var, France with the Police, XTC, Skafish, UB40 and Jools Holland.

In 1981, a year before release of the film, A&M Records released a double-album soundtrack. The selection of songs was almost the same as the movie. But there were a few minor changes and several acts featured in the film did not make it to the album (Dead Kennedys, John Cooper Clarke, Chelsea, Surf Punks, Invisible Sex, Splodgenessabounds, UB40).



Srinisha Jayaseelan

Srinisha Jayaseelan (born 26 September 1999) is an Indian playback singer in the Tamil movie industry.

Srinisha was born in Chennai, Tamil Nadu. She went to TST Rajah Girls Matriculation Higher Secondary School, Chennai and after she finished her bachelor's degree in commerce at Ethiraj College for Women.

Srinisha's debut as a playback singer in the year 2016 when she sang the song 'Maths Tough' for Music Director Ilaiyaraaja for the movie Amma Kanakku. She had earlier sung a song for Music Director Yuvan Shankar Raja for the film Avan Ivan in 2014.

"Vilambara Idaiveli" from Imaikkaa Nodigal, "Kanna Veesi" from Kadhal Ondru Kanden and "Adi Penne" from the Naam series are few of her notable works.

Pasanda

Pasanda () is a popular Shahi Moghlai meat dish in the Indian subcontinent. It is especially famous in North India, Rampur, Hyderabad and Pakistan. It originated from the food served at the court of the Mughal emperors. The word is an alternative from of the Urdu word "pasande" which means "favorite". The main part of the meat traditionally used in cooking is called pasanda.

Pasanda is usually made with leg of lamb or goat. These are cut into thin long pieces, flattened, marinated and fried with spices. Pasandas in Pakistan are usually made by cutting a slice of beef into thin, long pieces and flattening them. At present, pasanda is also made using chicken and shrimp. However, although the type of meat is different, the cooking process and the rest of the ingredients are usually the same in each case.

After the meat is cut and flattened, it is placed in a jar containing yogurt, chilli powder, and many spices and fries. The spices usually include cumin, chilli powder, cardamom and garlic. After a few hours of marination, the meat is put together in a cooking pot with a few other ingredients to make pasanda. Ingredients are onion, coriander, pepper, and sometimes cinnamon or bell pepper. Then it is slowly fried for 30 minutes to an hour. The food is then garnished with tomatoes or nuts. It is often served with white rice or naan.

Although the dish was invented by the Mughal court, its cuisine is probably inspired or developed from a pre-existing cooking technique. This is because a similar method of preparation for mansollas was described in the 12th century AD.
Although pasanda is usually served as a meat dish, it can also be prepared in the form of kebabs. Pasanda also refers to a light soup made with cream, coconut milk or yogurt and nuts, for its flavor and connection with nuts.

Hans Bethe

Hans Albrecht Bethe (; July 2, 1906 – March 6, 2005) was a German-American nuclear physicist.

Bethe made important contributions to astrophysics, quantum electrodynamics, and solid-state physics. He who won the 1967 Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on the theory of stellar nucleosynthesis. 

For most of his career, Bethe was a professor at Cornell University. The notes of his classes are on nuclear physics and applications of quantum mechanics.

During World War II, he was head of the Theoretical Division at the secret Los Alamos laboratory that developed the first atomic bombs. There he played a key role in calculating the critical mass of the weapons. He and others developed the theory behind the implosion method used in the Trinity test and the "Fat Man" weapon dropped on Nagasaki in August 1945.

After the war, Bethe also played an important role in the development of the hydrogen bomb, although he had originally joined the project with the hope of proving it could not be made. Bethe later campaigned with Albert Einstein and others against nuclear testing and the nuclear arms race. He helped persuade the Kennedy and Nixon administrations to sign treaties limiting nuclear tests.

His scientific research never stopped. He published papers well into his nineties. He published at least one major paper in his field during every decade of his career, which in Bethe's case spanned nearly seventy years. Freeman Dyson, once his doctoral student, called him the "supreme problem-solver of the 20th century".

Jeera rice

Jeera rice or cumin rice is an Indian dish made from a rice and cumin seeds. This is the kind of food people can eat every day. It is a popular food in North India and Pakistan. It is easy to make, and it does not take as much time as making biryani. To make it, the cook needs rice, cumin, vegetable oil, onion and coriander leaves. Jeera rice is the name given to this dish when it is made from from whole jeera (cumin) used as the main ingredient with rice.

Jeera rice is a very common food and it can be prepared with very few ingredients. Cumin seeds are fried in hot oil. Long grain Basmati rice and salt are added to it. Rice and water are boiled with a lid by placing it on a high flame with water about twice the size of rice. The rice is then boiled over low heat until all the water is absorbed.

Jeera rice is usually garnished with chopped fresh coriander leaves, but in some Indian hotels and restaurants it is also garnished with round chopped onion.

It can be eaten without another item or served with raita, curry. In Indian cuisine, it tastes best with rajma curry, chhole, mutton curry as well as pulses of different cooking styles.
The cooking method of Jeera rice is not found in very ancient books or writings of Indian cuisine. Writings about this cuisine have been found in books and travelogues of the ancient Mughal Empire. The Mughals preferred rice dishes, and so the chefs invented new recipes for rice and experimented with traditional old recipes. This is how Jeera rice was invented. Later, it was adopted in Indian cuisine and became so popular that the cuisine has now become very common.


Alghoza

Alghoza is a combination of musical wind instruments. The Baloch, Saraiki, Sindhi, Kutchi, Punjabi and Rajasthani folk music artists play these instruments. It is also called Alghoza, Jōrhi, Pāwā Jōrhī, Do Nālī, Donāl, Girāw, Satārā or Nagōze.

This musical grouping first happened around 7500 BC in Mesopotamia. Then it reached Iran and eventually Pakistan. It had some changes on the way. Some old Mesopotamian paintings show a musical instrument very similar to Alghoza.

In Mesopotamia, this instrument was called "Al-Joza", which literally means, "the twin". As it reached Pakistan, the "J" in "Al-Joza" became "gh" and eventually the modified form of this instrument which reached Pakistan came to be known as Alghoza.

The Alghoza (Sindhi: الغوزو‎) is a paired woodwind instrument. It is traditionally used by Baloch, Saraiki, Sindhi, Kutchi, Punjabi and Rajasthani folk musicians. It consists of two joined beak flutes, one for melody, the second for drone. The flutes are either tied together or may be held together loosely with the hands.

Silambu

Silambu (; ), or Gaggara (Tulu: ಗಗ್ಗರ), is an anklet worn and used in many different ways on the Indian subcontinent.

According to Jeyaraj, the word 'silambu' is derived from the verb 'silambal', meaning 'to make sound'.

The silambu is filled with beads or small balls that make noise when the wearer moves or dances. It may be worn on the ankle or the leg. When worn on the leg, it is called "kālchilambu" in Tamil.

Some silambu are made of copper and use iron balls to make sound. Others are made of silver.

In Tamil Nadu, a traditional dance called Kai Silambu Attam is danced at the temple during the Amman festival or Navratri festival. During this dance, the dancers wear silambu on their ankles and also hold them in their hands. They have different styles of jumping in their dance. This vibration produces sound in the silambu.
Nautch and Kandyan dancers may wear silambu.
The main character of the epic Silappatikaram (a story of Silambu) is based on Kannagita's attempt to sell her anklet Silambu. The title comes from the name of the anklet.
Silambu are sometimes placed on cows' legs during the Pongal festival.


Emilio Bonelli

"Don" Emilio Bonelli y Hernando (7 November 1854 in Zaragoza, Aragon – 28 November 1926 in Madrid) was a Spanish military officer, author, explorer, colonialist and Africanist. He was the first colonial governor of Spanish Sahara.

AWAL

AWAL, also known as "Artists Without A Label", is a British music distribution company owned by Sony Music Entertainment.



Restoration (Spain)

The Restoration (), or Bourbon Restoration (Spanish: "Restauración borbónica"), is the time that began on 29 December 1874—after a coup by Martínez Campos that ended the First Spanish Republic and restored the monarchy under Alfonso XII. This period ended on 14 April 1931 with the proclamation of the Second Spanish Republic.

Sarangi

The sarangi is musical instrument. It has strings and a short neck. The musician plays it using a bow. It is played in traditional Punjabi folk music, Rajasthani folk music, and Boro folk music in India. It is also common in Bangladesh and Pakistan. Nepal has a different musical instrument that is also called sarangi. The instrument is also called 'Shatarangi' because of the flexibility of the sound, the many musical styles, and the many tones and emotions it can make.

The sarangi is named after the bow of Lord Vishnu. The word "sarangi" is a combination of two words: "seh" ('three' in Persian) and "rangi" ('coloured' in Persian) or Persian "sad-rangi", "sad" for 'hundred' in Persian ('hundred coloured) corrupted as "sarangi". The term "seh-rangi" represents the three melody strings. However, the most common folk etymology is that "sarangi" is derived from "sol rang" (means 'a hundred colours'). The name Solrong indicating its adaptability to many styles of vocal music, its flexible tunability, and its ability to produce a large palette of tonal colour and emotional nuance.

The Nepali Sarangi is also a traditional stringed musical instrument of Nepal, commonly played by the Gaine or [Gandarbha ethnic group. In Nepal, Sarangi is viewed as an iconic musical instrument to identify the Gandarbha people.

The sarangi is an instrument used mainly in North Indian music by the archer or the bow. The instrument became popular in the mid-seventeenth century as a percussion instrument in folk music. It still maintains its status. The instrument also plays an important role in accompanying the harmonium.

It has a mysterious ability to mimic the tone and timbre of a human voice, along with emotional expression.



Bourbon Restoration

Bourbon Restoration may refer to:

France - House of Bourbon:

Kingdom of the Two Sicilies - House of Bourbon-Two Sicilies:

Spain - Spanish Bourbons:

Egholm

Egholm is a Danish island in the Limfjord close to Aalborg. In 2013, 55 people lived there.


Sarinda

The sarinda is an Indian folk musical instrument. It is like lutes and fiddles. It is played with a bow. It has between ten and thirty strings. The bottom part of the front of its hollow wooden soundbox is covered with animal skin. It is played while sitting on the ground. The musician holds the sarinda straight up.
The tribal fiddle instruments "Dhodro Banam" is the origin of the stringed instruments "Sarinda". Dhodro Banam was found throughout in central, north-western and eastern India. It is an important instrument in the culture and religion of the tribal Santhals of West Bengal, Bihar and Odisha.

The Sarangi and Nepali sarangi are similar to the Sarinda. The Sarinda was introduced to and popularized in Sikh devotional music by Sikh Guru Arjan Dev.
Many ethnic communities in South Asia use the sarinda in their traditional music and dance. For example, the Bauls of Bengal, Punjabi people, the folk artists of Rajasthan, Assam and Tripura. It is the sole accompaniment for a soloist or group folk singers.



Ransingha

Ransingha is a type of ancient primitive trumpet or horn. Its made of copper or copper alloy. It is used in both India and Nepal. The instrument is made up of two curved metal parts, which join together to form an "S" shape. It can also be made in a crescent shape.

The instrument has different spellings and names. For example, narsinga, ransingha, ramsinga, srnga.

Sringa is a Sanskrit word for horn and it is used in North India and Nepal. The modern words are ""Sig"", ""Siga,"", and ""Singha"". The word was historically used for horns of many different shapes and sizes, for example straight horns and horns made from water buffalo horns with mouthpieces made from ox horns.

The ramsinga is a pronunciation specific to India. It uses four pipes of very thin metal which fit one within the other. It is mentioned in Emilio Salgari's works such as "The Mystery of the Black Jungle" (1895). In the book ransingha is associated with the thugee cult.

In Chapter 62 of "Foucault's Pendulum" (1988) the "Ramsinga" is also mentioned that a ransingha was played by a devotee of a druidic sect .

Played historically in C shape in Nepa by Damai caste musicians in groups such as the "damai baja". This form used in Nepal, Himachal Pradesh and southern Bihar.

Alfonso XII

Alfonso XII (Alfonso Francisco de Asís Fernando Pío Juan María de la Concepción Gregorio Pelayo; 28 November 185725 November 1885), was King of Spain from 29 December 1874 to his death in 1885. After a revolution that ended Isabella’s rule of Spain in 1868, Alfonso studied in Austria and France and returned to Spain as king in 1874 after a coup. Alfonso died aged 27 in 1885, and was succeeded by his son, Alfonso XIII.

French franc

The franc (; ; sign: F or Fr), also commonly known as the (FF), was a currency of France. It is no longer in used after the introduction of the euro (for coins and banknotes) in 2002.

Isthmohyla calypsa

Isthmohyla calypsa is a frog that lives in Costa Rica and Panama. Scientists have seen it in between 1500 and 2100 meters above sea level.

Unlike other frogs, "I. calypsa" has spiky spines coming out of its head and back. It is bright green with some brown marks. Male and female frogs have different kinds of dark marks. This frog's throat and stomach are white. It does not have bars on its legs. It has large eyes and a short nose.

The adult male frog is 26 to 36 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 31 to 41 mm long. This frog has more webbing on its back feet than on its front feet.

Unlike other tadpoles, "I. calypsa" tadpoles do not have disks on their mouths.

This frog hides during the day and moves around night.

When it is time for the females to lay eggs, adult male frogs, adult female frogs, and young frogs will come to streams in the forest. Frogs usually come back to the same one every year. Scientists watching the frogs could not find the young frogs after a few days, but the adult frogs stayed.

Male frogs are territorial. They will choose one place to sit and sing and return to the same one for many years. Usually, they choose a plant hanging over a flowing stream. Male frogs are usually at least 1.9 meters apart.

The female frog lays eggs on the undersides of leaves, the side facing the ground. Then she goes away from the stream. When the tadpoles hatch, they fall into the water. Scientists only saw eggs on the tops of the leaves a few times. They take 270 days to grow into young frogs.

The female frog lays only one clutch (group of eggs) per visit to the stream, but sometimes she comes back and lays a second or third clutch.

Some insects, for example crickets, eat this frog's eggs. Parasite flies also lay their own eggs in with the frog's egg. When the fly larva hatch, they eat all the frog eggs nearby. Between 1991 and 1996, one team of scientists watched 615 clutches (groups) of frog eggs. 65% of them did not have even one egg that hatched. About a third of these were because of flies. Frog eggs can also die if they dry out.

This frog is in danger of dying out because human beings change the places where it lives. It is also in danger from disease. A fungus causes the disease chytridiomycosis in this frog.

This frog is named after Calypso from Greek mythology. This frog has camoflage on its skin, and Calypso is good at hiding.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Isthmohyla lancasteri" but now they know they are two different species.

Fire temple

A fire temple, Agiary, Atashkadeh (), Atashgah () or Dar-e Mehr () is the place of worship. It is for followers of Zoroastrianism, the ancient religion of Iran (Persia).

, there are 167 fire temples. 45 of them are in Mumbai. 105 is in other places in India. 17 are in other countries.


Koujeng Leima

Koujeng Leima () is a goddess in Meitei mythology and religion. She is a wife of God Koubru. She began as a tribal lady.
She is one of the nine Laibenthous (goddesses who participated in the festival of God Eputhou Thangjing).

The female given name "Koucheng Leima" (ꯀꯧꯆꯦꯡ ꯂꯩꯃ, /kə́u.ceŋ lə́i.ma/) or "Koujeng Leima" (ꯀꯧꯖꯦꯡ ꯂꯩꯃ, /kə́u.jeŋ lə́i.ma/) is made up of two Meitei language words, "Koucheng" and "Leima". Morphologically, "Koucheng" (ꯀꯧꯆꯦꯡ, /kə́u.ceŋ/) is made up of "Kou" (ꯀꯧ, /kə́u/) and "Cheng" (ꯆꯦꯡ, /ceŋ/). In Meitei language (Manipuri language), "Kou" (ꯀꯧ, /kə́u/) means "short" or "insufficient". The term is usually used to mean clothes, curtains, draperies, dresses or tapestries.
"Cheng" (ꯆꯦꯡ, /ceŋ/) or its derivative "Jeng" (ꯖꯦꯡ, /jeŋ/) means "to become narrower" or "to get compressed" in Meitei language (Manipuri language).
The Meitei term "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ, /lə́i.ma/) means queen. The word "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ, /lə́i.ma/) itself is made up of two words, "Lei" (ꯂꯩ, /lə́i/) and "Ma" (ꯃ, /ma/). "Lei" (ꯂꯩ, /lə́i/) means land and "Ma" (ꯃ, /ma/) means mother.

Legends say that goddess Koujeng Leima () is a tribal lady. So she has a separate home. She is not allowed to participate in the assembly of the gods and goddesses at the Lai Haraoba of God Koubru. In the evening of the day of "Lai Lamthokpa" ceremony of the Lai Haraoba festival, God Koubru, his wife, his son and his daughter-in-law visited the shrine of goddess Koujeng Leima.

One day of the Lai Haraoba of God Koubru is especially shifted to the abode (pantheon) of Goddess Koujeng Leima. It is done in her honor. In the shrine of goddess Koujeng Leima, every single events done at other days will be re-enacted.

During the period of political turmoil in September, 2009, many pilgrims offered prayers to Goddess Koujeng Leima in her sacred shrine of the ""Koujeng Leima Lairembi Laiphamlen"" in Sekmai. They invoked her for the success of the movements led by the "Apunba Lup" and for the restoration of peace in Manipur.

The ""Koujeng Leima Youth Development Organisation"" is an active youth group in Sekmai region of Manipur. It functions in the actions against drugs and intoxicants. On the 31st December of 2013 and the New Year Day of 2014, the organization imposed a ban on picnicking in Sekmai. Later, the ban was lifted. However, they cautioned people not to drink alcohol and become drunk.


G. Kendall Sharp

George Kendall Sharp (December 30, 1934 – March 24, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida from 1983 until 2000. From 2000 until his death, he was the senior judge of that court. Sharp was nominated to the court by President Ronald Reagan. He was born in Chicago, Illinois.

Sharp died on March 24, 2022 in Orlando, Florida at the age of 87.

Teej

Teej is a common name for a group of Hindu festivals. These festivals are mainly celebrated by girls and women. They involve songs, dances and prayers. The rainy season festivals of Teej are mainly about the reunion of Parvati and Shiva. 
Women often fast during Teej celebrations.

Teej means the monsoon festival. It is celebrated in the western and northern states of India and Nepal. Generally, women celebrated the festivals. The monsoon season is welcomed with "hariyali teej"and "hartalika teej". According to the Hindu calendar in the month of Shravan and Bhadra, women traditionally celebrate Teej Utsav to celebrate the monsoon. Women often pray to Parvati and Shiva during Teej.

Hariyali Teej (Green Teej) is celebrated on the third day after the new moon in the month of Sravan (in Hindu calendar). Since the month of Shravan means rainy season and around this time it becomes green, so Shravan Teej is also called Hariyali Teej.

The Hariyali Tij festival is also celebrated to commemorate the reunion of Shiva and Parvati. In this day Shiva adopted Parvati as his wife. Parvati fasted and practiced severe austerities for many years. At the 108th rebirth of Parvati, Shiva took her as his wife. Parvati is also known as Teej Mata (Teej Mother).

Hartalika teej is observed in all parts of Nepal and in most parts of northern India (Bihar, Jharkhand, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh, Maharashtra, Uttarakhand, Sikkim, Rajasthan).
The festival celebrates the generosity of nature, the arrival of clouds and rain, green nature and birds and with it social activities, rituals and customs. The women's festivals include dancing, singing, gathering with friends and telling stories, designing henna on the hands and feet, wearing red, green or orange, sharing festive food, and playing under the green rocking trees. The monsoon festival of Rajasthan is dedicated to Parvati.

Rayman Origins

Rayman Origins is a platform videogame developed by Ubisoft for Playstation 3, Xbox 360, Haoli, Nintendo Wii, Nintendo 3DS, Dajolg, Playstation Vita and Microsoft Windows, is considered the continuation of , the sequel Rayman Legends was launched on 2013.

The game was originally planned to be downloaded in format of chapters and released on ends of 2010, but the game was delayed by undefined time, on April of 2011 the proyect was declared by Ubisfoft as "Not Dead"
In May on an interview with Michel Ancel was announced that the game will be released at ends fo 2011, finally the game was released on physical format.

Rayman Legends

Rayman Legends is a platform videogame developed by Ubisoft launched on 2013 on Playstation 3, Wii U, Xbox 360, Playstation Vita and Microsoft Windows, on 2014 was released for Playstation 4 and Xbox One, finally on 2017 was released for Nintendo Switch on a version called Rayman Legends definitive edition, this game is the continuation of Rayman Origins

On 2012 Ubisoft registed the domains "RaymanLegends.com" and "Rayman-Legends.com", implying that a game was in development, later the company confirmed the develop of the game with a video-trailer.

The game was originally planned for Wii U, but the low sales of ZombiU, was the factor for release the game on other platforms.

Originally was planned for release the day November 30 of 2012, on October 8 was delayed the launch to February 26 of 2013, but the game was delayed again to September 2013 for release simultaneously with Playstation 3 and Xbox 360.

Trachycephalus macrotis

The Amazonian milk frog ("Trachycephalus macrotis") is a frog that lives in Peru and Ecuador. Scientists have seen it between 225 and 925 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 6.98 to 91.5 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 93.9 to 118.7 mm long. It has bronze-colored skin with coffee-colored marks. It has small disks on all its toes for climbing.

This frog has many young at once after it rains heavily. It is called an explosive breeder because of this.

King of Kings

King of Kings is a title given to rulers. It is used by monarchs from the Middle East. The title was used a lot in Iran and the Achaemenid and Sasanian Empires. The title was originally from the Middle Assyrian Empire by king Tukulti-Ninurta I(reigned 1233–1197 BC). After he was given that title, the title was used was used in many different kingdom and empires. It was used in other kingdoms. This includes Persia, Armenia, Georgia, and Ethiopia.



Ela Gandhi

Ela Gandhi (born 1 July 1940) is a South African politician and peace activist. She was a Member of Parliament in South Africa from 1994 to 2004. Gandhi is the granddaughter of Mahatma Gandhi.

Ela Gandhi was born in Durban, South Africa. She grew up in Ashram near Durban. She received her B.A. degree at the former Natal University and later received a B.A. in social science from the University of South Africa. After her graduation, she worked as a social worker with the Verulam Child and Family Welfare Society for 15 years. She also worked with the Durban Indian Child and Family Welfare Society for five years.

Ela Gandhi was subject to a "banning order" by the apartheid-era South African government. She was banned in 1975 from political activism and subjected to house arrest for a total of nine years. She kept working underground for an end to the practice. 

Banning was a repressive and extrajudicial measure used by the South African apartheidregime (1948–1994) against its political opponents. 

Furthermore, Ela Ghandi was Founder of the Natal Organisation of Women. The Natal Organisation of Women was a regional women's organization in South Africa in the Natal area. It included women from all ages, class and races. The issues they focused on included the cost of living, housing and problems surrounding maternity and childcare in South Africa. Her goal as an activist was to bring about awareness among people.

Moreover, she was a member member of the NIC, ANC and the UDF. NIC stands for the Natal Indian Congress, it was the first of the Indian Congresses to be formed. It was established in 1894 by Mahatma Gandhi to fight discrimination against Indian traders in Natal. ANC are the first letters of African National Congress which was South African political party and Black nationalist organization. Founded in 1912, its main goal was the maintenance of voting rights for Black people. Last but not least UDF stands for United Democratic Front (UDF), which brought all the communities together. 

From 1994-2004, she was a Member of the South African Parliament helping to deconstruct apartheid. 

Ela Ghandi developed a 24-hour program against domestic violence, founded the Gandhi Development Trust and still serves as a member of the Religious Affairs Committee. She chairs the Mahatma Gandhi Salt March Committee and the Mahatma Gandhi Development Trust.

Ela Ghandi is the granddaughter of the famous Mahatma Ghandi. Mahatma Ghandi was an Indian lawyer, publicist, moral teacher and leader of the Indian independence movement. He developed methods of non-violent political struggle for the equallity of the Indians.

Ela Ghandi’s father Manilal Ghandi, was the second son of Mahatma Ghandi. Among other things, he took part in the Kliptown Conference which resulted in the Freedom Charter. Manilal Ghandi, like his father, was sent to prison several times because of his protest against unjust laws. 

Sushila Mashruwala, the mother of Ela Gandhi founded a non-racist school for children at the Ghandi House in Pheonix. However, the authorities had to close the school again because it had violated the apartheid policy.

One of her sons was killed during the struggle against apartheid.



Rayman (video game)

Rayman is a 2D platform video game developed by Ubisoft for Atari Jaguar, PlayStation, Nintendo 64 and Sega Saturn on 1995, PC (MS-DOS) on 1996, Game Boy Color on 2000, Game Boy Advance on 2001, Nintendo DSi on 2009, Nintendo 3DS for virtual console on 2012, and finally IOS and Android on 2016 with the name of Rayman Classic, on October of 2018 the game appears on the 20 games of Playstation Classic. 

The game was created by a french designer called Michel Ancel with the programmer Frédéric Houde and the artist Alexandra Steible, the first designs was produced in the 1980's on there teenage. 

Geʽez

Geʽez (; , "" ) is an ancient Ethiopian Semitic language. The language came from what is now Ethiopia and Eritrea.

Area code 516

Area code 516 is an area code for New York. It was created in 1951 as a split to 914. It initially covered the Long Island area of New York, but after it was split by 631 in 1999. It now covers the Nassau county area of New York. It will be overlaid by 363 on January 20, 2023.

Area code 518

Area code 518 is an area code for New York. It was one of the primary area codes created in 1947. It covers the northeasternmost part of Upstate New York. 518 consist of cities such as its state capital Albany. Other cities include, Schenectady, and Troy, Plattsburgh, Saratoga Springs, and Glens Falls. It was overlaid by 838 in 2017.



Andre Marriner

Andre Marriner (born 1 January 1971) is an English professional football referee based in Solihull, West Midlands. He is a member of the Birmingham County Football Association.

In 2005, Marriner was promoted to the list of Select Group Referees who officiate primarily in the Premier League. He also refereed for FIFA between 2009 & 2017. In May 2013 he took charge of the FA Cup final, the highest domestic honour for a referee in England.

Area code 315

Area code 315 is an area code for New York. It was one of the primary area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire central part of Upstate New York, but after it was split by 607 in 1954, it now covers the upper central portion of the state. It consists of towns such as Syracuse, Utica, Cortland, Oneida, Ontario, Cayuga, Oswego, Seneca, and Hamilton. It was overlaid by 680 in 2017.

Stuart Attwell

Stuart Steven Attwell (born 6 October 1982) is an English football referee from Nuneaton, Warwickshire. He is the youngest person to be a referee in the Premier League.

Area code 601

Area code 601 is an area code for Mississippi. It was one of the primary area codes ever created in 1947. It initially covered the entire state of Mississippi, but after it was split by 228 in 1997 and 662 in 1999, it now covers the central and southern portions of the state. The towns 601 consists of include its capital city, Jackson. It was overlaid by 769 in 2006.

John T. Richardson

John Thomas Richardson (December 20, 1923 – March 29, 2022) was an American academic and priest. He was the 9th President of DePaul University from 1981 through 1993. He began his academic career with DePaul University in 1954. He became a priest in 1949. He was born in Dallas, Texas.

Richardson died on March 29, 2022 in Perryville, Missouri at the age of 98.

Occitans

The Occitans () are a Romance-speaking Mediterranean ethnic group. They come from the historical region of Occitania (southern France, northeastern Spain and northwestern Italy).

Just to clarify: virtually everyone in France speaks French. Some speak another language also. Occitans is one of the traditional other languages.

Didda

Didda (c. 924 - 1003) was the ruler of Kashmir. She ruled from 980 AD to 1003 AD. She also ruled Kashmir from 958 AD to 980 AD. She ruled for her son amd grandsons. In 980, she became an independent ruler. Most information about her comes from the book "Rajatarangini". It was written by Kalhan in the twelfth century. She was known as "The Catherine of Kashmir". She was also known as "The Witch Queen".

Didda was a daughter of King Simharaj of Lohara. Her mother was the daughter of Bhimadeva Shahi. She was one of the Hindu Shahis from Kabul region. The Lohara region is located in the Pir Panjal Range. It is on a trade route between West Punjab and Kashmir.

At the age of 26, she married King Khemagupta of Kashmir. Eventually, Lohara kingdom became a part of Kashmir kingdom. It was the results of the diplomatic marriage. Didda had largely influenced on state affairs before and after she became a ruler. Coins having the names of Didda and her husband have been found.


Patricia Poblete

Patricia Poblete Benett (6 June 1946 − 31 March 2022) was a Chilean economist and politician. She was the Minister of Housing & Urbanism during the first government of Michelle Bachelet from 2006 until 2010. She was born in Temuco, Chile.

Poblete died on 31 March 2022 in Santiago, Chile at the age of 75.

Franc Rode

Franc Rode (or Rodé; born 23 September 1934) is a Slovenian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church. He was the prefect emeritus of the Congregation for Institutes of Consecrated Life and Societies of Apostolic Life from 2004 to 2011. He became a cardinal in 2006.

Moana Jackson

Moana Jackson (10 October 1945 – 31 March 2022) was a New Zealand Māori lawyer. Jackson was of Ngāti Kahungunu and Ngāti Porou descent. He was Director of Ngā Kaiwhakamarama i Ngā Ture (the Māori Legal Service). He co-founded the MLS in 1987.

Jackson taught at Te Wānanga o Raukawa in Ōtaki on the Ahunga Tīkanga (Māori Laws and Philosophy) degree programme.

Sven Melander

Sven Alarik Melander (30 October 1947 – 31 March 2022) was a Swedish journalist, comedian, television presenter and actor. He led the Swedish TV show "Snacka om nyheter". He appeared in the movies "Sällskapsresan" (1980) and "Jönssonligan och Dynamit-Harry" (1982).

Melander died on 31 March 2022 after suffering from cancer, at the age of 74. 


Patrick Demarchelier

Patrick Demarchelier (; (21 August 1943 – 31 March 2022) was a French fashion photographer. His career began in 1975. He was born in Le Havre, France. He was known for his photography works in "Elle", "Marie Claire" and "20 Ans" Magazine. He later worked with "Vogue" and "Harper's Bazaar".

In February 2018, Demarchelier was accused by seven models of sexual harassment and was fired by "Vogue" shortly after.

Demarchelier died on 31 March 2022 in Saint Barthélemy, France at the age of 78.

Rıdvan Bolatlı

Bolatlı made six appearances for the Turkey national team from 1953 until 1954.

David Irvine (diplomat)

David Taylor Irvine (10 January 1947 – 30 March 2022) was an Australian diplomat. From March 2009 to September 2014, he was the Director-General of Security, the head of the Australian Security Intelligence Organisation. Before, he was Director-General of the Australian Secret Intelligence Service (ASIS) from 2003 to 2009.

Irvine died in Canberra, Australia on 30 March 2022, aged 75.

Egon Franke (fencer)

Egon Johann Franke (23 October 1935 – 30 March 2022) was a Polish fencer. He won a gold medal in the individual foil at the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. He also won a team silver medal in 1964 and a bronze medal in 1968. He was born in Gleiwitz, Silesia, Prussia, Germany.

Franke died on 30 March 2022 in Torino, Italy at the age of 86.

Mathew Cheriankunnel

Mathew Cheriankunnel (23 September 1930 – 30 March 2022) was an Indian Roman Catholic prelate. He was a a bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kurnool from 1986 until 1991.

Cheriankunnel died on 30 March 2022, at the age of 91.

Juan Carlos Cárdenas

Juan Carlos Cárdenas (25 July 1945 – 30 March 2022) was an Argentine footballer and coach. He played for the Argentina national team from 1967 until 1976. He was known by the nickname "El Chango".

Hogwarts Legacy

Hogwarts Legacy is a video game. It is set in the same fictional world as the "Harry Potter" books and films. It was released on PlayStation 5 (PS5), Microsoft Windows (PC), and the Xbox Series X and Series S on 10 February 2023.

WB Games, Avalanche Software, and Portkey Games made this game. J.K. Rowling did not write the story herself, but the gamemakers talked to her about it.

The story happens in 1890. The player is a student at Hogwarts, the magical school in the Harry Potter books and movies. The player starts attending Hogwarts in the school's 5th year, being aged 15-years-old at the start of the game and the start of the school term and finishing aged 16-years-old. All the other students in the player's year are also either aged 15 or 16-years-old. The student learns to cast spells, ride a broomstick, and tame magical animals. There are rumors that goblins are starting a rebellion against the human wizards, and the player must find out about them.

The game is an open-world action role-playing game.



Compagnie Générale Transatlantique

Compagnie Générale Transatlantique (CGT), also called French Line, was a French shipping line which operated ocean liners on the Transatlantic Route, it was founded by the Péreire Brothers in 1861, it would merge with Messageries Maritimes and then with Compagnie Générale Maritime in 1996 to form CMA CGM.

Among his fleet, he had the Ocean liners: SS "La Bourgogne", which would sink south of Sable Island in Nova Scotia in 1899, and the SS "Grandcamp", which would cause the Texas City Disaster in 1947, and for having had the ocean liners SS "Paris", SS "France" (1912), SS "Île de France", SS "Normandie" and the SS "France" of 1961.


Earendel

Earendel, technically WHL0137-LS, is the most-distant known single star. Its name comes from Aurvandill ("Morning Star" in Old English). Its image was captured by the Hubble Space Telescope. 

The star was observed through a gravitational lens. It has a redshift. Light from the star was emitted 900millionyears after the Big Bang, and took 12.9billionyears to travel to Earth.

Jack Dongarra

Jack Jack Dongarra ForMemRS; (born July 18, 1950) is an American academic and computer scientist. He is the University Distinguished Professor of Computer Science at the University of Tennessee. He was a faculty fellow at Texas A&M University's institute for advanced study (2014–2018). Dongarra is the founding director of Innovative Computing Laboratory. In 2022, he won a Turing Award.

Chicago State University

Chicago State University (CSU) is a Predominantly Black, public university in Chicago, Illinois. It was founded in 1867 as the Cook County Normal School.

Vladimir Bochkov

Vladimir Mikhailovich Bochkov (; 1 July 1946 – 31 March 2022) was a Russian politician. He was a member of United Russia. He was in the Federation Council from 2013 to 2018. Bochkov was born in Ivanovo, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Bochkov died on 31 March 2022 at the age of 75.

Richard Howard

Richard Joseph Howard (born Richard Joseph Orwitz; October 13, 1929 – March 31, 2022) was an American poet, literary critic, essayist, teacher, and translator. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He was awarded the PEN Translation Prize in 1976 for his translation of E. M. Cioran's "A Short History of Decay" and the National Book Award for his 1983 translation of Baudelaire's "Les Fleurs du mal".

Howard died on March 31, 2022 at his home in New York City from problems caused by dementia, aged 92.


Tabaquite

Tabaquite is a town in central Trinidad.

Hesperia, California

Hesperia is a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States. It is located north of San Bernardino in Victor Valley. The 2020 census said that the city has a population of 99,818.

Zoophobia

Zoophobia (or Animal Phobia) is a general phobia and the set of specific phobias (and sub-phobias), this kind of phobia is having irrational "fear of animals", which were described by the Austrian neurologist Sigmund Freud, who saw this behavior in psychoneurotic childrens.

Rhapsody in Blue (short movie)

Rhapsody in Blue is a 1999 American hand-drawn-animated short film produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and written and directed by Eric Goldberg.

"Rhapsody in Blue" premiered on June 18, 1999.

The short, which shows four individuals who wish for a better life. Duke is a construction worker who dreams of becoming a jazz drummer; Joe is a down-on-his-luck unemployed man who wishes he could get a job; Rachel is a little girl who wants to spend time with her busy parents instead of being shuttled around by her governess; and John is a harried rich husband who longs for a simpler, more fun life. The segment ends with all four getting their wish, though their stories interact with each other's without any of them knowing. It was set in New York City in 1932, and designed in the style of Al Hirschfeld's known caricatures of the time.

It originated in 1992 when director and animator, Eric Goldberg approached Al Hirschfeld about the idea of an animated short set to Gershwin's composition in the style of Hirschfeld's illustrations. Hirschfeld agreed to serve as animation consultant and allowed the animators to use and adapt his previous works for the short film. Goldberg's wife Susan was art director. Goldberg does allow the animators from the production hiatus of "Kingdom of the Sun" (which was reworked into The Emperor's New Groove) were reassigned to work on the short film. Duke is named after jazz artist Duke Ellington. The bottom of his toothpaste tube reads "NINA", an Easter egg referencing Hirschfeld's daughter Nina. John is based on animation historian and author John Culhane. Goldberg took Hirschfeld's original design of Gershwin and designed it to make him play the piano. Featured in the crowd emerging from the hotel are depictions of Brooks Atkinson, Hirschfeld, along with his wife Dolly Haas and Eric and Susan Goldberg. The segment was completed five months ahead of schedule from December 1998 to May 1999. Despite this, the sequence was so chromatically complex that the rendering process using the CAPS system delayed work on "Tarzan".

Kamen Rider W

Kamen Rider W (also known as Kamen Rider Double), is a 2009-2010 Japanese tokusatsu drama.

Super Hero Time aired alongside "Samurai Sentai Shinkenger" and then "Tensou Sentai Goseiger".







Trachycephalus venezolanus

The Venezuela casque-headed frog ("Trachycephalus venezolanus") is a frog that lives in Venezuela, Colombia, and part of Brazil.

Kamen Rider OOO

Kamen Rider OOO is a 2010-2011 Japanese tokusatsu drama in Toei Company's Kamen Rider Series.

Super Hero Time aired alongside "Tensou Sentai Goseiger" and then "Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger".






Cucumber (TVO)

Cucumber is a Canadian TVOntario show ran from 1972. The show is produced for the Ontario Educational Communications Authority (later known is TVOntario). The characters featured Moose and Beaver voiced by Alex and Nikki.

The Flamingo Kid

The Flamingo Kid is a 1984 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Garry Marshall and starring Matt Dillon, Héctor Elizondo, Richard Crenna, Janet Jones, Jessica Walter, Brian McNamara, Fisher Stevens, Leon Robinson, John Prine, Steven Weber, Richard Stahl, Sian Webber, Marisa Tomei. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was the fifth movie to released with a PG-13 rating.


Joan Ribó

Joan Ribó i Canut (; born 17 September 1947) is a Spanish politician who is the mayor of Valencia since 13 June 2015.

Alfred Schön

Alfred Schön (born 12 January 1962) is a German football manager and former player.

Roland Dickgießer

Roland Dickgießer (born 9 November 1960) is a German former professional footballer who played as a defender.

Lorenz-Günther Köstner

Lorenz-Günther Köstner (born 30 January 1952) is a retired German footballer who is now a football manager who last managed Fortuna Düsseldorf. Following the sacking of Armin Veh on 25 January 2010, he was named interim manager of VfL Wolfsburg until 30 June 2010.

Ralf Rangnick

Ralf Rangnick (; born 29 June 1958) is a German professional football manager, executive and former player who is currently manager of the Austrian national football team.

Ulm 1846

VfB Stuttgart

Hannover 96

Schalke 04

RB Leipzig


Marco Pezzaiuoli

Marco Pezzaiuoli (born 16 November 1968) is a German professional football manager who is the current head coach of Indian Super League club Bengaluru.

Matt Doherty (footballer, born 1992)

Matthew James Doherty (born 16 January 1992) is an Irish professional footballer who plays as a right-back for Premier League club Wolverhampton Wanderers and the Republic of Ireland national team.


Kamen Rider Fourze

Kamen Rider Fourze is a Japanese tokusatsu drama in Toei Company's Kamen Rider Series.

Super Hero Time aired alongside "Kaizoku Sentai Gokaiger" and then "Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters".






Günter Deckert

Günter Deckert (9 January 1940 – 31 March 2022) was a German far-right political activist and politician. He was the leader of the far-right National Democratic Party of Germany (NPD) from 1991 until 1996. He was in prison for five years in Germany for Holocaust denial and causing racial hatred. Deckert was born in Heidelberg, Germany.

Deckert died on 31 March 2022 at the age of 82.

David Gascoigne

Sir David Rendel Kingston Gascoigne (born 15 January 1940) is a New Zealand lawyer and former judicial conduct commissioner. He is the husband of Dame Patsy Reddy, who was the 21st governor-general of New Zealand from 2016 to 2021.

In 1989, Gascoigne was appointed a Commander of the Order of the British Empire. 

In 2021, Gascoigne was appointed an additional Companion of the Queen's Service Order.

Garry Newman

Garry Newman (born May 20, 1982) is a British video game developer. In 2004, Newman founded Facepunch Studios while working on Garry's Mod, a Half-Life 2 mod. As of October 2010, he lives in Walsall, England.

Kamen Rider Wizard

Kamen Rider Wizard is a Japanese tokusatsu drama in Toei Company's "Kamen Rider" franchise.

Super Hero Time aired alongside "Tokumei Sentai Go-Busters" and then "Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger".





Grenzach-Wyhlen

Grenzach-Wyhlen is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the right bank of the Rhine, 7 km east of Basel, and 8 km south of Lörrach. The municipality has borders to Inzlingen and Rheinfelden (Baden) in Germany, and Riehen (BS), Birsfelden (BL) and Kaiseraugst (AG) in Switzerland.


Boussières

Boussières is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Mogi das Cruzes

Mogi das Cruzes is an Brazilian municipality in the state of São Paulo. 450,785 people lived here in 2020 and has an area of 713 km². It is 40 km to the east of the city of São Paulo. It was founded in 1560 by the bandeirantes.

Football player Neymar, plays for Paris Saint-Germain and Brazilian national team, was born here.

Area code 602

Area code 602 is an area code of Arizona. It was one of the earliest area codes ever created in 1947. It initially covered the entire state of Arizona, but after it was split by 520 in 1995, 623 and 480 in 1999, and 928 in 2001, it now covers the Phoenix area of the state. Sometime in 2023, it will combine with 480 and 623 to form an overlay complex.

Area code 603

Area code 603 is an area code for New Hampshire. It was one of the first area codes created in 1947. It currently covers the entire state of New Hampshire, making it one of the longest area codes to cover the entire state without being split or overlaid.

Le Mémont

Le Mémont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Montbéliardot

Montbéliardot is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Area code 604

Area code 604 is an area code for British Columbia. It was one of the earliest area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire province of British Columbia, but after being split by 250 in 1997, it now covers the entire lower mainland in British Columbia, including Vancouver. It was overlaid by 778 in 2001, 236 in 2013, and 672 in 2019.

Jeff Fortenberry

Jeffrey Lane Fortenberry (born December 27, 1960) is an American politician, economist, and convicted felon. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 2005 to 2022. He represented . He is a member of the Republican Party.

In May 2021, Fortenberry was one of 35 Republicans who joined all Democrats in voting to approve legislation to create the January 6 commission to investigate the storming of the U.S. Capitol.

In October 2021, a federal grand jury indicted Fortenberry on charges of lying to investigators. On March 24, 2022, Fortenberry was convicted of all three counts of making false statements to investigators and hiding information. Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and House Minority Leader Kevin McCarthy said he should resign. On March 26, 2022, Fortenberry announced he would resign from Congress in five days on March 31.

Govinda Govinda (2021 movie)

Govinda Govinda is a 2021 Indian Kannada comedy thriller film directed by Thilak. The film was produced by S. Shailendra Babu, M. K. Kishore and Ravi R. Garani. It features Sumanth Shailendra in the lead role. The supporting cast includes Vijay Chendur, Pavan and Achyuth Kumar. The score and soundtrack for the film was done by Hithan Hasan and the cinematographer of the film was K. S. Chandrasekhar. The film is an official remake of 2019 Telugu film "Brochevarevarura". It was released on November 26, 2021.

Three college slackers fake a friend's kidnapping to help her escape her strict father. The plan works until she meets a stranger-than-fiction reality.


Doug Bereuter

Douglas Kent Bereuter (born October 6, 1939) is an American retired politician. He was in the United States House of Representatives from 1979 until 2004. He also was the president and CEO of The Asia Foundation from 2004 to 2011. He is a member of the ReFormers Caucus at Issue One. Bereuter is a member of the Republican Party.

Bereuter was known for voting to support the Iraq War and later saying it was a mistake and a failure.

Area code 914

Area code 914 is an area code for New York. It was one of the first area codes ever created in 1947. It initially covered the entire southeastern part of New York, excluding New York City, but after it was split by 516 in 1951, and 845 in 2000, it now covers only the Westchester portion of New York. It consists of towns such as White Plains, New Rochelle, Yonkers, Mount Vernon, Mount Kisco, and Katonah.

Cedar Bluffs, Nebraska

Cedar Bluffs is a village in Saunders County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 615 at the 2020 census.

Wahoo, Nebraska

Wahoo (; from Dakota ; "arrow wood") is a city in Nebraska, United States. It is the county seat of Saunders County. In the 2020 census, 4,818 people lived there.

Wahoo was built in 1870. The name of the town comes from the eastern wahoo ("Euonymus atropurpureus"). It is a shrub found on the banks of Wahoo Creek. The town was built by Czech, German, and Scandinavian settlers.

Wahoo was the home of the John F. Kennedy College from 1965 until 1975. The college won the Women's College World Series softball championship from 1969 to 1971.

The United States Census Bureau says that Wahoo has an area of .

Area code 702

Area code 702 is an area code for Nevada. It was one of the first area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire state, but after it was split by 775 in 1998. It now covers the Clark County portion of Nevada, which includes Las Vegas. It was overlaid by 725 in 2014.

Area code 703

Area code 703 is an area code for Virginia. It was one of the first area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire state, but after it was split by 804 in 1973 and 540 in 1995, it now covers the northern portion of Virginia. It consists of towns such as Arlington, Fairfax, Alexandria, and Vienna. It was overlaid by 571 in 2000.

Albany, Minnesota

Albany is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Avon, Minnesota

Avon is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Belgrade, Minnesota

Belgrade is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Cold Spring, Minnesota

Cold Spring is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Elrosa, Minnesota

Elrosa is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Freeport, Minnesota

Freeport is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Greenwald, Minnesota

Greenwald is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Holdingford, Minnesota

Holdingford is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Kimball, Minnesota

Kimball is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Lake Henry, Minnesota

Lake Henry is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Meire Grove, Minnesota

Meire Grove is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

New Munich, Minnesota

New Munich is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Richmond, Minnesota

Richmond is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Rockville, Minnesota

Rockville is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Roscoe, Minnesota

Roscoe is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Sauk Centre, Minnesota

Sauk Centre is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Spring Hill, Minnesota

Spring Hill is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

St. Anthony, Stearns County, Minnesota

St. Anthony is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

St. Joseph, Minnesota

St. Joseph is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

St. Martin, Minnesota

St. Martin is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

St. Rosa, Minnesota

St. Rosa is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

St. Stephen, Minnesota

St. Stephen is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Waite Park, Minnesota

Waite Park is a city in Stearns County, Minnesota, United States.

Narbief

Narbief is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Noël-Cerneux

Noël-Cerneux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Plaimbois-du-Miroir

Plaimbois-du-Miroir is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

First Lady of Florida

The first lady of Florida is the informal title and role held by the hostess of the Florida Governor's Mansion and usually the wife of the governor of Florida, during the governor's term in office.

Casey DeSantis is the current first lady of Florida, in role since January 2019 as the wife of Governor Ron DeSantis.

The first lady is not elected by the citizens of Florida, there are no official jobs she is officially required to perform and she is not paid for being the first lady, but she is often involved in political campaigns, managements of the Governor's Mansion, and participating in social causes and accompanying the governor at official and ceremonial occasions and events.

Casey DeSantis launched four major initiatives during her as term as the first lady of the state such as, Hope Florida, Florida Cancer Connect, Resiliency Florida, Hope Healing for Florida and The Facts. Your Future.



Abbévillers

Abbévillers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Audincourt

Audincourt is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Valentigney

Valentigney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Maisons-du-Bois-Lièvremont

Maisons-du-Bois-Lièvremont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Seloncourt

Seloncourt is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Seloncourt is twinned with:

Bethoncourt

Bethoncourt is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Grand-Charmont

Grand-Charmont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Unit 731

Unit 731 was a biological and chemical warfare research and development unit of the Imperial Japanese Army. It engaged in lethal human experimentation during the Second Sino-Japanese War (World War II). It was responsible for some of the most notorious . Unit 731 was based in the Pingfang district of Harbin, the largest city in the Japanese puppet state of Manchukuo until 1945 when the Soviet Union invaded in what would be known as The Soviet Invasion Of Manchuria Of 1945. It was active throughout China and Southeast Asia. Estimates of those killed by Unit 731 and its related programs range up to half a million people killed on the orders of the camp's director Shirō Ishii.
It was officially known as the Epidemic Prevention and Water Purification Department of the Kwantung Army. Originally set up by the military police of the Empire of Japan, Unit 731 was taken over and commanded until the end of the war by General Shirō Ishii, a combat medic officer in the Kwantung Army. The program received generous support from the Japanese government until the end of the war in 1945. Unit 731 and other units operated biological weapon production, testing, deployment, and storage facilities. They routinely conducted tests on human beings (who were internally referred to as "logs"). Additionally, biological weapons were tested in the field on cities and towns in China. 
While Unit 731 researchers arrested by Soviet forces were put on trial, those captured by the United States were secretly given immunity in exchange for the data gathered during their experiments. The Americans coopted the researchers' bioweapons information and experience for use in their own biological warfare program, much as they had done with German researchers in . 

Arc-sous-Cicon

Arc-sous-Cicon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Arc-sous-Montenot

Arc-sous-Montenot is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Abbenans

Abbenans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Accolans

Accolans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Adam-lès-Passavant

Adam-lès-Passavant is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bouverans

Bouverans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Dummy tank

A dummy tank is a real-sized model that looks like a tank. Dummy tanks have several uses:


As of 2020, there are models that can trick radar systems. Unmanned aerial vehicles are usually better at detecting dummy tanks than real fighter aircraft.

The first dummy tanks were used in the 1920s and 1930s: they were modified tractors.

Who's Your Daddy? (video game)

Who's Your Daddy (Stylized as Who's Your Daddy?!) is an indie video game by "Joseph Dave Williams" under the pseudonym "Evil Tortilla Games". The game was released in early access on December 23, 2015. The full game was released on May 13, 2016.

The Lost City

The Lost City is a 2022 American action-adventure film directed by The Nee Brothers. The brothers Oren Uziel and Dana Fox co-wrote the screenplay for the film from a story by Seth Gordon. The film stars Sandra Bullock, Channing Tatum, Daniel Radcliffe, Da'Vine Joy Randolph, and Brad Pitt.

The project was announced in October 2020, with Bullock joining as producer and star and Tatum joining that December, while the rest of the cast was announced the following year. The filming took place in the Dominican Republic from May to August 2021. The movie had its world premiere at South by Southwest on March 12, 2022. It was released in the United States on March 25,2022, by Paramount Pictures.

Loretta Sage is a grumpy middle-aged author who writes romance-adventure novels centered around a fictional hero named Dash McMahon, who is portrayed by cover model Alan Caprison. Her publisher, Beth, insists that she must embark on a book tour with Alan as an effort to get Loretta to go out more.

After a disastrous start, mostly due to the popularity of Dash, Loretta is met by eccentric billionaire Abigail Fairfax. Fairfax realizes that Loretta has based her books on actual historic research she did with her deceased archaeologist husband. Fairfax has discovered a lost city on a remote Atlantic island and is convinced that this is the location of 'The Crown of Fire,' a priceless treasure. When Loretta does not help decipher an ancient map to the treasure, Fairfax, who fears the site will be destroyed by an active volcano, kidnaps Loretta and takes her to the island.

Alan, who is secretly in love with Loretta, witnesses her kidnapping. He gets Jack Trainer, an ex-Navy SEAL turned CIA operative, to meet him at the island for a rescue attempt. Jack, with no assistance from Alan, breaches Fairfax's compound and frees Loretta, but is shot in the head before he, Loretta and Alan can make it to the airport, forcing the two to escape into the jungle.

Loretta and Alan spend a day fighting off Fairfax's men before reaching a nearby village. when she hears a folk song from a local, Loretta decides that the crown is hidden in a sinkhole in the jungle. The pair are kidnapped again and forced to tell Fairfax. When they get there they discover the tomb of a queen, whose 'Crown of Fire' was made of red seashells gathered by her husband who is buried with her. The actual treasure of the legend wasn't a priceless jewel but the inseparable love between the king and queen. Fairfax is angry and forces them into the tomb as the volcano erupts, but one of his men has a change of heart and leaves a crowbar to help them escape before abandoning Fairfax on the island. Beth arrives with the local Coast Guard and Fairfax, who pretended to be stranded to get rescued, is arrested for his crimes. Loretta's next book, based on their adventures, is a hit, and she and Alan share a kiss while on vacation.

In a mid-credits scene, Jack, having survived his assassination attempt, attends a yoga class alongside Loretta and Alan, surprising them.


Additionally, Raymond Lee appears as Officer Gomez, Bowen Yang as Ray the Moderator, and co-director Adam Nee as Officer Sawyer.

Brey-et-Maison-du-Bois

Brey-et-Maison-du-Bois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chapelle-des-Bois

Chapelle-des-Bois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Châtillon-sur-Lison

Châtillon-sur-Lison is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2022, it became a part of the commune of Cussey-sur-Lison.

Aibre

Aibre is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Malax

Malax () is a municipality in Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 
31 December 2021, the municipality had a population of 5,486. Neighbouring municipalities are Korsholm, Korsnäs, Kurikka, Laihia, Närpes and Vaasa.


Korsnäs

Korsnäs is a municipality in Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 31 December 2021, the municipality had a population of 2,050. Neighbouring municipalities are Malax and Närpes.


Chapelle-d'Huin

Chapelle-d'Huin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Les Mureaux

Les Mureaux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France. In 2019, 33,203 people lived there.

The commune is in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Les Mureaux is twinned with:

Ouray, Colorado

Ouray () is a home rule municipality that is the county seat of Ouray County, Colorado, United States. The city population was 898 as of the 2020 census.

C. W. McCall

William Dale Fries Jr. (November 15, 1928 – April 1, 2022), best known by his stage name C. W. McCall, was an American singer-songwriter, activist and politician. He was known for his outlaw country songs. McCall was born in Audubon, Iowa. His career lasted from 1944 until 2003. He was the Mayor of Ouray, Colorado from 1986 until 1992. His 1975 single "Convoy" became a number one hit in the United States.

In February 2022, McCall was diagnosed with lung cancer and was sent to hospice care in Montrose, Colorado. He died on April 1, 2022 from the disease, aged 93.

Jolanta Lothe

Jolanta Lothe (19 April 1942 – 1 April 2022) was a Polish actress. Her career began in 1965. She played Basia in the 1969 movie "Hunting Flies" and Terka in the 1974 movie "The Deluge".

Lothe died on 1 April 2022 in Warsaw, Poland, eighteen days before her 80th birthday.

Montrose, Colorado

Montrose is a home rule municipality. It is the county seat of Montrose County, Colorado, United States. 20,291 people lived there at the 2020 United States Census.

Aleksandra Yakovleva

Aleksandra Evgenievna Yakovleva (born Aleksandra Evgenievna Ivanes, ; 2 July 1957 – 1 April 2022) was a Soviet and Russian actress and businesswoman. She was one of the most popular actresses in 1980s. She was in the Soviet disaster movie "Air Crew" (1979) had the first erotic scene in a mainstream domestic Soviet movie.

Yakovleva died in Moscow, Russia on 1 April 2022 from breast cancer at the age of 64.

St. Anthony, Minnesota

St. Anthony is a city in Hennepin and Ramsey counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota.

Blaine, Minnesota

Blaine is a city in Anoka and Ramsey counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota. The population was 70,222 at the 2020 census.

Spring Lake Park, Minnesota

Spring Lake Park is a city in Anoka and Ramsey counties in the U.S. state of Minnesota.

Chaux-Neuve

Chaux-Neuve is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Courvières

Courvières is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Aïssey

Aïssey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Allenjoie

Allenjoie is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Rayman

Rayman is a video game series created by Michael Ancel, It was distributed by Ubisoft The first game was launched on 1995.

The series is about Rayman, a magic character on fantastic worlds.

Legal gender

Legal gender is a word that is used to regard someone as male or female under the law. They consider sex and gender to determine legal gender of someone. If someone's legal gender is different from their feeling, they face problems in their life. Some countries allow their people to say that they are neither male, nor female.


Kamen Rider Gaim

Kamen Rider Gaim is a Japanese television series, a tokusatsu drama that is in the Kamen Rider Series.

Super Hero Time aired alongside "Zyuden Sentai Kyoryuger" and then "Ressha Sentai ToQger".








Regions Tower

The Regions Tower (Regions Bank), formerly AmSouth Tower and before that the Commercial National Bank tower, is a high-rise in Shreveport, Louisiana in the United States.

Beyond Mombasa

Beyond Mombasa is a 1956 British American adventure movie directed by George Marshall and starring Cornel Wilde, Donna Reed, Leo Genn, Ron Randell, Christopher Lee. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Lok Ningthou

Lok Ningthou is a God in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak. He is the God of , , , , , and . He is the Guardian God of the Southern direction. He is a son of Wangbren (), the God of water.

In Meitei language (Manipuri language), the term "Lok" (ꯂꯣꯛ, /lok/) has multiple meanings. It means a or a .
"Lok" also means a or a or a or a or a .
In Meitei language (Manipuri language), the term "Ningthou" (ꯅꯤꯡꯊꯧ, /niŋ.tʰəu/) means "king" or "ruler".
God Lok Ningthou is also given the title "Khana Chaoba" (or "Khana Chaopa") like his father Wangbren (). He is also known as ""Noushuba Mihingchi"" (). He is known for having seven children.

God Lok Ningthou is one of the Lainingthous. He is also one of the ten Maikei Ngaakpa Lais.

Femke Halsema

Femke Halsema (born 25 April 1966) is a Dutch politician of GreenLeft ("GroenLinks", shortened "GL"). She has been mayor of Amsterdam since 12 July 2018.

Halsema was born in Haarlem and grew up in Enschede. She studied criminology at Utrecht University.

She was an MP from May 1998 to January 2011 and leading the GreenLeft parliamentary group from November 2002 to December 2010, being party leader the same time.

Halsema did also some academic teaching and wrote several publications about political and sociological topics, including her political autobiography.

Her partner is documentary maker Robert Oey.


Frond

A frond is a large, divided leaf. 

The leaves of ferns are referred to as fronds. Some botanists only use this term for ferns. Other botanists also use the term 'frond' for the large leaves of cycads, as well as palms (Arecaceae) and various other flowering plants, such as mimosa or sumac. 

"Frond" is commonly used to identify a large, compound leaf. If the term is used for the leaves of ferns and algae, it can be applied to smaller and undivided leaves.

Bokermann's casque-headed tree frog

Bokermann's casque-headed frog ("Trachycephalus atlas") is a frog that lives in northeastern Brazil.

Barricade

A barricade is an improvised barrier that is used to direct traffic, block passage, defend a small area, etc. Barricades differ from fortifications, fences and walls in that they are temporary.

Inzlingen

Inzlingen is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is famous for its castle, which is known since 1511.


Eimeldingen

Eimeldingen is a municipality in Lörrach, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Binzen

Binzen is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Todtnau

Todtnau is a town in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. In 2020, 4,823 people lived there.

It is in the Black Forest, on the river Wiese, 20 km southeast of Freiburg.

The municipality has 8 districts ("Ortsteil"):



Fischingen, Baden-Württemberg

Fischingen is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Aitern

Aitern is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Bad Bellingen

Bad Bellingen is a municipality in Lörrach, in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Bad Bellingen is twinned with:


Duchy of Swabia

The Duchy of Swabia (German: "Herzogtum Schwaben") was one of the five stem duchies of medieval Germany. It started in the 10th century in the southwestern area that had been settled by Alemanni tribes in Late Antiquity era.

Schallbach

Schallbach is a municipality in Lörrach in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


National anthem of Austria

„Land der Berge, Land am Strome“ (, meaning "Land of the Mountains, Land by the River") is the national anthem of Austria. It became the country's national anthem in 1946. The music of the song was originally thought to be composed by Mozart, but nowadays, different composers disagree. The words of the song were written by Paula von Preradović.

Nineteen days before Mozart's his death on 5 December 1791, he composed his last complete work, the „Freimaurerkantate“, to which the melody of the Austrian national anthem is sung. But nowadays, many people do not believe that Mozart composed the tune for „Land der Berge, Land am Strome“; instead, many people think that it was composed by or Paul Wranitzky. 

Before the Second World War, Austria's state anthem was „Sei gesegnet ohne Ende“, set to the tune of Joseph Haydn's „Gott erhalte Franz den Kaiser“, which was the state anthem of Austria-Hungary. The German national anthem „Deutschlandlied“ uses the same tune, but with different words. The Nazis also used that tune, so to avoid being associated with them, singing that song was banned for some time after the war. Thus, a new anthem was created. The words of the new anthem were written by Paula von Preradović, who was one of the few women to have written words for a national anthem. On 22 October 1946, the song became Austria's national anthem officially, but at the time, it did not have words. Her words were added shortly in February 1947. On 1 January 2012, parts of the words were changed to make the song more gender-neutral (in a similar manner to "O Canada" in 2018).

Since the 1990s, there have been many times to change the words so that the anthem sound more gender-neutral. In 2005, Women's Minister Maria Rauch-Kallat of the Austrian People's Party (ÖVP) did not like the words "sons", "fraternal" and "fatherland", so she demanded that these be changed. Austria's largest newspaper did not like this idea.

In January 2010, a female pop singer named Christina Stürmer presented a pop version of the sont „Heimat bist du großer Söhne "und Töchter"“ ("You are home to great sons "and daughters"") as part of a campaign by the Austrian federal ministry of education. She was sued for copyright violations by the estate of Paula von Preradović, but she was later cleared by the Austrian Supreme Court of Justice who called it "a mere modernisation" and allowed the version to stand.

Since 1 January 2012, a few words in the anthem are different from before. The text and notes of the anthem were officially put into writing in the „Bundesgesetz über die Bundeshymne der Republik Österreich“ ().

The last stanza was also translated into the Slovene language for the Carinthian Slovenes.

The same evening after von Preradović learned that the words she had written were chosen for the national anthem, her sons, Otto and , made a parody of them.
<poem style="float:left;"></poem>
<poem style="margin-left:1em; float:left;">Land of the peas, land of the beans,
Land of the four zones of occupation,
we sell thee on the black market!
And up there over the Hermannskogel
gladly the federal bird flutters.
Much beloved Austria!</poem>

According to media researcher , the first two lines were popular in the schools of Vienna in 1955.

End of Watch

End of Watch is a 2012 American action thriller movie directed by David Ayer and starring Jake Gyllenhaal, Michael Peña, Natalie Martinez, Anna Kendrick, David Harbour, Frank Grillo, America Ferrera. It was distributed by Open Road Films.


Le Crouzet

Le Crouzet is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Fourcatier-et-Maison-Neuve

Fourcatier-et-Maison-Neuve is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gellin

Gellin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Les Grangettes

Les Grangettes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Human rights in Brunei

Male and female homosexuality is illegal in Brunei. Sexual relations between men are punishable by death or whipping; sex between women is punishable by caning or imprisonment.

In May 2019, the Brunei government extended its existing moratorium on the death penalty to the Sharia criminal code as well that made homosexual acts punishable with death by stoning.

Néoules

Néoules is a commune of 2,828 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Ollières

Ollières is a commune of 650 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Pignans

Pignans is a commune of 4,588 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Ollioules

Ollioules is a commune of 13,866 people (2019). It is in Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur in the Var department in southeast France.

Les Hôpitaux-Neufs

Les Hôpitaux-Neufs is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Human rights in Singapore

Human rights in Singapore are codified in the Constitution of Singapore, which sets out the legal rights of its citizens. These rights are protected by the Constitution and include amendments and referendums.

Jougne

Jougne is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The commune is about of Pontarlier and from the Swiss border.

Human rights in Indonesia

Human rights in Indonesia are defined by the 1945 Constitution (UUD 1945) and the laws under it. Some rights were only given after the Reform era. The Ministry of Law and Human Rights deals with human rights issues in the cabinet. The National Commission on Human Rights (Komnas HAM) is the country's national human rights institution.

Actions by the government of Indonesia have been noted as concerning by advocates for human rights. 

In 1982, the first gay rights interest group was established in Indonesia. ""Lambda Indonesia"" and other similar organisations arose in the late 1980s and 1990s. Today, some of the major LGBT associations in the nation include "GAYa NUSANTARA" and "Arus Pelangi".

Section 377

Section 377 of the British colonial penal code punished all sexual acts "against the order of nature". This law was used to punish people who performed oral and anal sex. This law also punished homosexual. The penal code remains in many former colonies and has been used to criminalize third gender people, such as the "apwint" in Myanmar. In 2018, British politician Theresa May acknowledged how the legacies of British colonial anti-sodomy laws continue to persist today in the form of discrimination, violence, and death. 

Although Section 377 did not explicitly include the word "homosexual", it has been used to prosecute homosexual activity. The provision was introduced by authorities in the Raj in 1862 as Section 377 of the Indian Penal Code and functioned as the legal impetus behind the criminalization of what was referred to as, "unnatural offenses" throughout the various colonies, in several cases with the same section number.
Although most colonies have since gained independence through statehood since Section 377 was implemented, it remains in the penal codes of the following countries:

Labergement-Sainte-Marie

Labergement-Sainte-Marie is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Levier

Levier is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, the former commune of Labergement-du-Navois became a part of Levier.

Labergement-du-Navois

Labergement-du-Navois is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, it became a part of the commune of Levier.

Sima Sarıkaya

Sima Sarıkaya (born March 10, 1975, İstanbul) is a Turkish pop music artist, actor, composer. She first became known with her song "Herşeye Rağmen" ("Despite Everything") in 1996. 



Longevilles-Mont-d'Or

Longevilles-Mont-d'Or is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Poções

Poções is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Bahia.

Dobrich

Dobrich () is a city in northeastern Bulgaria and is the capital of Dobrich Province. It is the ninth-largest city by population of the country. In 2019, 83,584 people lived here.

The city is 30 km west of the Black Sea coast, not far from resorts such as Albena, Balchik and Golden Sands.

Shumen

Shumen (, also romanized as "Shoumen" or "Šumen") is a city in eastern Bulgaria and is the capital of Shumen Province. In 2018, 75,550 people lived there.

From 1950 to 1965, the city was called Kolarovgrad.

Pernik

Pernik () is a city in western Bulgaria, about southwest of the capital Sofia. It is the capital of Pernik Province. About 75,000 people lived there.

The city is on both banks of the Struma River in the Pernik Valley between the Golo Bardo, Vitosha, Lyulin and Viskyar mountains.

Pernik is twinned with:


Bucha, Kyiv Oblast

Bucha () is a city of oblast significance in Kyiv Oblast (province) of Ukraine. In 2021, 36,971 people lived there.

The Battle of Bucha happened during the
Kyiv offensive, during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. Between 27 February and 31 March, the city was occupied by the Russian Armed Forces, who have allegedly murdered hundreds of Ukrainian civilians during the Bucha massacre.

The city was badly damaged during the battle.

List of Nickelodeon Animation Studio productions

This is a list of things created by Nickelodeon Animation Studios.
This article contains a list of productions made by Nickelodeon Animation Studio, which is a part of Nickelodeon Networks and owned by Paramount Global. This list includes animated television series, shorts, specials, and other projects. 

All the films (except the international release of "Charlotte's Web 2: Wilbur's Great Adventure") were distributed to home video by Paramount Home Entertainment.
All the films are distributed by Paramount Pictures. 

Socialist Republic of Croatia

The Socialist Republic of Croatia (), or SR Croatia, was a constituent republic of the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. It is the predecessor of modern-day Croatia.

It was formed during World War II and became a socialist republic after the war. It had four full official names during its 48-year existence. By territory and population, it was the second largest republic in Yugoslavia, after the Socialist Republic of Serbia.

In 1990, the government dismantled the single-party system of government – installed by the League of Communists – and adopted a multi-party democracy. The newly elected government of Franjo Tuđman moved the republic towards independence, formally seceding from Yugoslavia in 1991.

Christian Alder

Christian Alder (born 3 September 1978) is a German former professional footballer who played as a defender.

Alder was born in Wittmund, Lower Saxony. From 1997 and 2000 he played for Arminia Bielefeld through their relegation and promotion to the Bundesliga. He then played for VfL Osnabrück in 2001 and FC Augsburg between 2002 and 2004. From 2004 to 2006 he played for SSV Jahn Regensburg. In 2006, Alder moved to VfR Aalen and left the team in June 2009 and signed with Anorthosis Famagusta in 22 July 2009. Following the sacking of Ernst Middendorp, Alder was released on 13 August 2009. Alder left Cyprus in January 2010 and signed for German club KFC Uerdingen 05.

Martin Amedick

Martin Amedick (born 6 September 1982) is a football player who currently plays for SC Paderborn 07 II. He started his professional career in 2001 as a defender for Arminia Bielefeld. After failing to reach Bielefeld's first team, he moved to Eintracht Braunschweig in 2004, where he became a regular starter. In 2006, he moved to Borussia Dortmund. After two years he moved to 1. FC Kaiserslautern, before signing for Eintracht Frankfurt four years later. In the summer of 2013, he returned to SC Paderborn 07, where he spent three years as a youth player.


Bucha

Bucha may refer to:





Retry

Retry was a free-to-play retro-styled side-scrolling video game made by Rovio LVL11 and published by Rovio Entertainment. Inspired by "Flappy Bird", "Retry" had similar controls.

The game was soft launched in Finland, Canada, and Poland in May 2014. The worldwide iOS and Android release was on October 22, 2014. As of 2017 Retry has been taken off the app stores.

Patrick O'Rourke of canada.com described the game as taking "one of the few things that was great about Flappy Bird". He saw its visuals as paying homage to the Nintendo Entertainment System without "completely ripping them off" as Flappy Bird had done. He summarised the game as a "decent pick-up-and-play iOS title".

Papyrus (typeface)

Papyrus is a widely available typeface designed by Chris Costello, a graphic designer, illustrator, and web designer.
Papyrus was made in 1982. It was hand-drawn over a period of six months by means of calligraphy pen and textured paper. Papyrus has a number of features. This includes rough edges and irregular curves etc.

An alternative font published by Elsner+Flake is Papyrus EF Alternatives (or Papyrus EF Regular). It provides a slight variation to Costello's font. Its differences include a shorter, sharper capital P, a capital E with a top bar longer than the middle bar, and a swash A.

Papyrus has been included in many programs for Microsoft Windows.
macOS includes Papyrus font as part of its basic installation (starting with version 10.3 Panther, released in 2003).



Allondans

Allondans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Baton Rouge metropolitan area

The Baton Rouge metropolitan statistical area, as defined by the United States Office of Management and Budget, or simply the Baton Rouge metropolitan area or Greater Baton Rouge, is a sprawling metropolitan statistical area surrounding the city of Baton Rouge. Its principal city Baton Rouge is unusual because it has no major incorporated satellite cities, a rarity for a metropolitan area of its size. Comprising the western edge of the Florida Parishes regions, it is known as "Plantation Country", the "Capital Region", and "The 225" (a reference to its area code). At the 2010 U.S. census, the metropolitan area had a population of 802,484, up from 705,973 in 2000. At the 2020 census, its population increased to 870,569, up from 2020 estimates at 858,571.

Kangasala

Kangasala is a city in Finland, about 16 km east of Tampere. It is in Pirkanmaa. The city was founded in 1865. As of 31 December 2021, the city had a population of 32,627.

Nearby municipalities include Kuhmoinen, Lempäälä, Orivesi, Padasjoki, Pälkäne, Tampere and Valkeakoski.

The former municipality of Sahalahti was merged into Kangasala on 1 January 2005 and the former municipality of Kuhmalahti was merged into Kangasala on 1 January 2011.


Pälkäne

Pälkäne is a municipality in Pirkanmaa, Finland. As of 31 December 2021, the municipality had a population of 6,439. Nearby municipalities are Hattula, Hämeenlinna, Kangasala, Padasjoki and Valkeakoski.

The former municipality of Luopioinen was merged on 1 January 2007.


Neil Swarbrick

Neil Swarbrick is an English retired football referee who officiated primarily in the Premier League having been promoted to the Select Group of Referees in 2011. He is based in Preston, Lancashire and a member of the Lancashire County Football Association. He was formerly the Head of VAR in the Premier League but will remain in his post until the end of the 2022/23 season. He was the Premier League Head of VAR since he retired as a referee in the Premier League at the end of the 2017—18 Premier League season.

He took up refereeing relatively late, at the age of 29. Within six years, he was promoted to the National List of assistant referees. He fulfilled this role for four years before being added to the Referees' List.
He refereed in the Football Conference until moving up into the Football League. He has also officiated the FA Cup and EFL Cup matches. His first PL appointment came in December 2010 when he took charge of a goalless draw between Fulham and Sunderland. During his second PL appointment in February 2011, he issued his first red card in England's top division DJ Campbell of Blackpool as they lost 4–0 away to Wolves.

He retired from refereeing at the end of the 2017/18 season and worked as the Head of VAR in the Premier League. He will remain in his post until the end of the 2022—23 Premier League season.

Season: 2005/06: Games: 29. Total (yellow card): 57. per game (yellow card): 1.97. Total (red card): 2 and per game (red card) 0.07.<br>Season: 2006/07: Games: 34. Total (yellow card): 96. per game (yellow card): 2.82. Total (red card): 9 and per game (red card): 0.26.<br>Season: 2007/08: Games: 38. Total (yellow card): 76. per game (yellow card): 2.00. Total (red card): 8 and per game (red card): 0.21.<br>Season: 2008/09: Games: 36. Total (yellow card): 82. per game (yellow card): 2.28. Total (red card): 4 and per game (red card): 0.11.<br>Season: 2009/10: Games: 35. Total (yellow card): 104. per game (yellow card): 2.97. Total (red card): 8 and per game (red card): 0.23.<br>Season: 2010/11: Games: 40. Total (yellow card): 108. per game (yellow card): 2.70. Total (red card): 8 and per game (red card): 0.20.<br>Season: 2011/12: Games: 30. Total (yellow card): 107. per game (yellow card): 3.57. Total (red card): 7 and per game (red card): 0.23.<br>Season: 2012/13: Games: 31. Total (yellow card): 111. per game (yellow card): 3.58. Total (red card): 1 and per game (red card): 0.03.


Ruovesi

Ruovesi is a municipality in Pirkanmaa, Finland. As of 31 December 2021, the municipality had a population of 4,154. Nearby municipalities are Juupajoki, Mänttä-Vilppula, Orivesi, Tampere, Virrat and Ylöjärvi.

Most people speak Finnish.

Helvetinjärvi National Park is in Ruovesi. The biggest lake in the area of the municipality is Lake Ruovesi.


Malbuisson

Malbuisson is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Darren England

Darren Jon Herbert England (born 23 December 1985) is a English football referee who officiates in the Premier League. He was promoted in August 2020. In December 2021, the PGMOL announced that England had been added to the 2022 FIFA List of International Match Officials.

Prior to this, England has been a Select Group 2 referee since 2017, and prior to this, he had been a Premier League assistant referee between 2012 and 2015.

He refereed the League Two Play-Off Final in 2017 between Blackpool v Exeter City and then was promoted to the Select Group 2 list.

England appeared on the PGMOL social media pages and was interviewed about his refereeing experiences which was all apart of the PGMOL's 'Breaking Barriers' campaign.

Aditya Seal

Aditya Seal is an Indian actor who appears in Hindi-language films. He made his acting and Bollywood debut with the romantic film "Ek Chhotisi Love Story". His other releases include "Student of the Year 2", "Indoo Ki Jawani" and "99 Songs" etc.

Slow-scan television

SSTV (Slow-scan television) is a way of sending a picture on radio waves, it is different from normal television because only one picture is sent very slowly, hence why it's called slow scan, instead of 24 or 30 pictures per second on normal television, SSTV is also not used for entertainment, although radio hobbyists may enjoy collecting pictures that they receive, or seeing if they can receive a picture from a very far away transmitter (DXing).

SSTV is also narrow bandwith, that means the signal is "thinner" it uses much less of the radio spectrum then normal television.

SSTV works by turning a picture into sounds, tones that represent the color and brightness of the lines that make up the picture, these sounds can be transmitted over radio and heard and decoded by other people.

Below is an example of SSTV audio
There are different modes of SSTV, which change the quality of the picture or if it's color, for example, a mode called B/W 8 is very low quality, but it doesn't take that long to transmit, whereas PD 240 is much higher quality, but takes a lot longer to transmit.

SSTV was first used by NASA to beam down pictures of the moon or from the space shuttle, but nowadays it's mainly used by amatuar radio operators and radio pirates, an amatuar radio SSTV picture will often have information on it about the station or person it came from.

The International Space Station still occasionally sends down an SSTV picture or series of pictures.
SSTV is also sometimes used in things that aren't radio, a video game called Portal had SSTV recordings hidden in certain locations, when people decoded them, they revealed more about the storyline in the game.

Métabief

Métabief is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bamako (movie)

Bamako is a 2006 Malian French American drama movie directed by Abderrahmane Sissako and starring Aïssa Maïga, Tiécoura Traoré, Hélène Diarra.


The Wind (1982 movie)

The Wind () is a 1982 Malian drama movie directed by Souleymane Cissé and starring Goundo Guissé, Fousseyni Sissoko, Balla Moussa Keïta, Ismaïla Sarr, Oumou Diarra, Soumaïla Cissé.

Fire! (1991 movie)

Fire! (; ) is a 1991 Malian drama movie directed by Adama Drabo and starring Djeneba Diawara, Mamadou Fomba, Balla Moussa Keita, Diarrah Sanogo, Fily Traoré.

Odomez

Odomez is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 924 people lived there.


Bierne

Bierne is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,801 people lived there.


Raillencourt-Sainte-Olle

Raillencourt-Sainte-Olle is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,179 people lived there.


Axis of Resistance

The Axis of Resistance is a political term reffering to an unofficial military alliance between Iran, Syria, and other groups. Hezbollah is also often considered a member of the Axis of Resistance. The Houthi movement and the Popular Mobilization Forces have also been sometimes considered members of the Axis of Resistance. It has been involved in the War on Terrorism and related conflicts. The Axis of Resistance is commonly defined by anti-NATO, anti-Israeli, and anti-Saudi Arabian sentinments. Some non-Shia groups such as Hamas and the Taliban are sometimes considered members of the Axis of Resistance.

Common degu

The common degu is a small rodent from Chile. They live in the Chilean matorral in central Chile. They are related to chinchillas and guinea pigs. The word "degu" comes from the indigenous language of Chile, Mapudungun, and the word "dewü", meaning 'mouse' or 'rat'.

Beringian wolf

The Beringian wolf is an extinct population of wolf that lived during the Ice Age. It lived in Alaska, Yukon, and northern Wyoming. Some of these wolves survived into the Holocene. They were distinct from modern North Americans wolves and genetically basal to most modern and extinct wolves. They do not have a subspecies classification.

The Beringian wolf was similar in size to the modern Alaskan Interior wolf, or Yukon Wolf, and other gray wolves from the Late Pleistocene age. However, they were more robust, had stronger teeth and jaws, a broader palate, and larger carnassial teeth. Its strong teeth helped it hunt Pleistocene megafauna. The Beringian wolf mostly preyed on horse and steppe bison. It also preyed on caribou, mammoth, and woodland muskox.

Many of the animals that the Beringian wolf hunted became extinct near the end of the Ice Age. Cold and dry conditions were also lost. As a result, the Beringian wolf became extinct. The extinction of its prey has been thought to be caused by climate change and competition with other species. Populations of Beringian wolves were replaced by other wolves from the same species or genus.

Alien Sector

Alien Sector or is an run-and-gun shooter game developed and published by Namco in 1985.

"Alien Shooter" runs on Namco Pac-Land hardware, but with a video system like that used previously on "Metro-Cross" and "Dragon Buster" (modified to vertical scrolling and a 1048 color palette) in 1995, the game was ported to Sharp X68000. Then released as compilation arcades in the "Namco Museum" series on PlayStation. It also appeared in "Namco Museum Virtual Arcade" on the Xbox 360, and most recently as one of the games available on "Pac-Man Pixel Bash".

Sequel to the game; "Baraduke 2" released in 1988, exclusively in Japan.

Kevin Friend

Kevin Friend (born 8 July 1971) is an English past football referee who is Select Group 2 Manager for PGMOL. He is based in Leicester. Friend is a member of the Leicestershire and Rutland County Football Association..

His most notable work has been to referee the 2012 FA Community Shield, the 2013 Football League Cup Final and the 2019 FA Cup Final.


Martin Atkinson

Martin Atkinson (born 31 March 1971) is a retired English professional football referee who officiated primarily in the Premier League. He is also a school teacher and a supporter for Premier League club Leeds United. He is a member of the West Riding County Football Association. 

Atkinson made his first appearance as an official in the Football League as an assistant referee in 1995. Since he was promoted so the list of Select Group Referees in 2005, he has refereed a number of notable matches, including the FA Community Shield and the finals of the FA Trophy, EFL Cup, and the UEFA Europa League.

System Flaw

System Flaw (System Flaw Recruit on DSiWare) is an action shooter video game that was made and released by American studio Storm City Games. It came out for the Nintendo DSi on October 27, 2009 in North America, as the first game on a cartridge ("Nintendo DSi-exclusive"), and January 21, 2010 in Europe, and on DSiWare in North America on April 26, 2010 and Europe on April 16, 2010. Players shoot enemies named "flaws", which are at what the camera sees.

Jonathan Moss (referee)

Jonathan "Jon" Moss (born 18 October 1970) was an English former football referee and a professional headteacher. He officiated primarily in the Premier League, having been promoted to the Select Group of Referees in 2011. He is currently Select Group 1 Manager for the PGMOL.

Moss was born in Sunderland. He is now based in Horsforth, West Yorkshire. He is a member of the West Riding County Football Association.

Born in Sunderland, Moss grew up as a fan of football. He was given a football scholarship at Central Connecticut State University in the United States. Instead of going to the United States, Moss finished his studies with a degree of teaching and physical education at the University of Leeds. He played junior football at academy level for Sunderland and Millwall. He stopped playing because the travelling to the London club caused problems with his studies.


Bucha, Saale-Holzland

Bucha is a municipality in Saale-Holzland, in Thuringia, Germany.

Berovo

Berovo () is a town 
in the eastern part of North Macedonia, near the Maleševo Mountains. It is the seat of Berovo Municipality.

Somatic symptom disorder

A somatic symptom disorder is a mental condition in which a person has physical symptoms. The symptoms cannot be explained by a medical condition or by substance abuse. Symptoms include shortness of breath, pain and weakness.

Before 2013, somatic symptom disorders were called somatoform disorders.

Symptoms can be similar to other conditions. They will sometimes last for years.

Females report somatic problems almost ten times as often as males of the same (or similar) mental conditions. Symptoms often happen before age 50, but usual diagnoses are age 30 and earlier. The disorder is very controversial because some individuals say the name refers to mental illness.

Andrew Madley

Andrew "Andy" Madley (born 5 September 1983) is an English football referee.

Knob.
Medley began his career as a referee in Wakefield. He soon became a Level 3A referee in 2008. As a Level 3A referee, he was able to be an assistant referee for the three Football League divisions. The next year, he was promoted to the Panel List. He could now referee the Conference divisions. He was promoted again in 2010 when he became a Select Group Assistant Referee. At this point in his career, he started officiating on the Premier League. In 2011, hebecame a National List Referee. At the start of the 2016–17 season, Madley was a Select Group 2 referee. He mostly refereed in the Championship. He was piut in charge of a Premier League game for the first time on 31 March 2018. It was a match Watford and Bournemouth. In June 2019, he was promoted to the Select Group 1 Referees list.

Madley refereed the Football League Two Play-Off Semi-Final match between Cheltenham Town and Northampton Town on 4 May 2013. He also refereed the FA Vase Final on 9 May 2015 between Glossop North End and North Shields. In 2015, Madley refereed the Football League One Play-Off Semi-Final between Preston North End and Swindon Town on 24 May 2015. On 19 May 2019, Madley refereed the FA Trophy Final at Wembley Stadium. The match was between Leyton Orient and AFC Fylde. He also refereed the EFL League One Play Off Final between Charlton Athletic and Sunderland on 26 May 2019. His younger brother is Robert Madley.

Strumica

Strumica () is a city in southeastern North Macedonia. About 35,000 people lived there. It is near the border with Bulgaria and Greece. The city is named after the Strumica River which runs through it.

Kumanovo

Kumanovo (; ) is a city in North Macedonia, near the capital city of Skopje. In 2002, 70,842 people lived there. This City is named after the Kumans.

Brusimpiano

Brusimpiano is a "comune" (municipality) on Lake Lugano in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is about northwest of Milan and about north of Varese, on the border with Switzerland.

Brusimpiano is next to these municipalities: Barbengo (Switzerland), Caslano (Switzerland), Cuasso al Monte, Lavena Ponte Tresa, Marzio, Morcote (Switzerland), Porto Ceresio.

Porto Ceresio

Porto Ceresio is a "comune" (municipality) on Lake Lugano in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is about northwest of Milan and about northeast of Varese, on the border with Switzerland.

Porto Ceresio is next to these municipalities: Besano, Brusimpiano, Brusino Arsizio (Switzerland), Cuasso al Monte, Meride (Switzerland), Morcote (Switzerland).

Esino Lario

Esino Lario is a "comune" (municipality) of the Province of Lecco in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is about north of Milan, northwest of Lecco, and about from the eastern shore of Lake Como.

Esino Lario is next to these municipalities: Cortenova, Lierna, Mandello del Lario, Parlasco, Pasturo, Perledo, Primaluna, Taceno and Varenna.

The highly coveted luxury locale is the central region of Lake Como, offering breathtaking views from the iconic tip of Bellagio to the picturesque expanses encompassing Tremezzo, Griante, Menaggio, Lierna, Fiumelatte, and Varenna.

Apartments in this sought-after Lierna area command prices ranging from 5,000 to 7,000 euros per square meter, with select penthouses fetching as much as 25,000 euros per meter. Non-independent villas typically range between 10,000 and 15,000 euros, while independent villas with lake views can exceed 25,000 euros per square meter. For rentals, a space of 80 square meters may incur costs of up to 7,500 euros per month, excluding condominium fees.

Lake Como has evolved today into a super-exclusive neighborhood of Milan, embodying opulence and sophistication in its real estate landscape.

Lavena Ponte Tresa

Lavena Ponte Tresa is a "comune" (municipality) on Lake Lugano in the Province of Varese in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is about northwest of Milan and about north of Varese, on the border with Switzerland.

Lavena Ponte Tresa is next to these municipalities: Brusimpiano, Cadegliano-Viconago, Caslano (Switzerland), Croglio (Switzerland), Marzio, Ponte Tresa (Switzerland).

Lee Mason

Lee Stephen Mason (born 29 October 1971) is the English professional referee who was video assistant referee primarily in the Premier League. He was born in Sunderland. He was sacked as video assistant referee after incorrectly allowed Ivan Toney's goal in the Premier League match on 11th February 2023 and it was Arsenal versus Brentford.

Mason is a former chairman of Sunderland’s Referees' Society and is associated with the North East County Football Association.

He attended Thornleigh College in Bolton and then the Liverpool Institute of Higher Education between 1990 and 1993, living in Newman Hall, where he gained his degree. Whilst there he played for his college football team as well as being a regular compere, hosting a variety of social events at a students' union club.

Mason's younger brother, Andy, is a former professional footballer who was a trainee at Bolton Wanderers, and played professionally for Hull City, among others, before ending up playing in Non-League.

He retired from on-field duties at the end of the 2020–21 season, but will become the league's first dedicated Video Assistant Referee from the 2021—22 season.

Montperreux

Montperreux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Mouthe

Mouthe is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Oye-et-Pallet

Oye-et-Pallet is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Petite-Chaux

Petite-Chaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Siouxland

Siouxland is the name for the drainage basin of the Big Sioux River. (Sioux is pronounced like Sue). The people in the area think they have a common history, even though the territory today is part of several U.S. states. They also feel like belonging together in other ways. The author Frederick Manfred first used the term Siouxland, in 1946. 

Important cities in the area include Sioux Falls, South Dakota, Sioux City, Iowa and Norfolk, Nebraska.

New River tree frog

The New River tree frog ("Trachycephalus hadroceps") is a frog that lives in Guyana and French Guiana. Scientists think it might also live in Suriname.

Varennes

Varennes is the name of several places:

Varennes is the name of several communes in France:

It is also part of the name of several communes in France:



Varennes-sur-Seine

Varennes-sur-Seine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France.

Cladotheria

Cladotheria is a taxonomic group. It includes two of the three living groups of mammals. These are the placental mamnals and the marsupials. The monotremes are not in this group, but all other living mammals are in the group.

The Cladotheria also includes some groups which have become extinct.

Members of the group have a number of common traits:


Varennes-lès-Mâcon

Varennes-lès-Mâcon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Saône-et-Loire department in east France.

Saint-Aubin-lès-Elbeuf

Saint-Aubin-lès-Elbeuf is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in north France.

Lambersart

Lambersart is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 27,400 people lived there.


Natalka Bilotserkivets

Natalka Bilotserkivets (born November 8, 1954) is a Ukrainian poet and translator. She is said to be one of the most prominent Ukrainian poets, alive.

"[I]n 1967, when she was 13", her "first poem, “A Word on Your Native Tongue” [was published] in News from Ukraine", media said.

She has won Book of the Month contests in 2000 and 2004.



Ethnologue

Ethnologue is an annual publication which lists information about all living languages of the world. Ethnologue uses a three letter code to identify a language. It also classifies the languages into ten different groups, based on how common they are. The classification is from international language, to extinct language. The organism that publishes Ethnologue is called SIL international.

Horlivka

Horlivka (; , "Gorlovka") is a city of regional significance in Donetsk Oblast (province) of eastern Ukraine. In 2021, 241,106 people lived there.

Horlivka is twinned with:

Heian

Heian may refer to:

Melitopol

Melitopol (; ) is a city in Zaporizhzhia Oblast (province) of southeastern Ukraine. It is the administrative center of Melitopol Raion (district). In 2021, 150,768 people lived there.

Fastiv

Fastiv () is a city in Kyiv Oblast (province) of central Ukraine. It is the administrative center of Fastiv Raion (district). In 2021, 44,841 people lived there.

Santiago Rivero

Santiago José Rivero Cruz (El Repilado, Huelva, 22 September 1988) is a Spanish politician belonging to the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party, and member of the Asamblea de Madrid.

Santiago was born in Huelva, Spain. He studied his undergraduate courses at the IES San José, in Cortejana, Huelva. He graduated in Political Science and Administration at the Complutense University of Madrid. Later, he graduated with a master's degree in Search engine optimization and Search Engine Marketing.

He is member of the Asamblea de Madrid since 8 June 2021, after regional elections. He is openly gay. He is member of COGAM, a LGBT society in Spain. He joined to Spanish Socialist Workers' Party in 2019.

In 2021, he sent a message to Rocío Monasterio (from Vox, a far right party) against Madrid LGBT rights law revocation, proposed by Vox and requested as a requirement to sign the government agreement with the Popular Party of Isabel Díaz Ayuso.

Javier Imbroda

Francisco Javier Imbroda Ortiz (8 January 1961 – 2 April 2022) was a Spanish basketball coach and politician. He was the sixth coach with the most games directed in the Liga ACB. He was born in Melilla, Spain. He was a member of the Andalusian Parliament since 2018 and Regional Minister of Culture and Sports since 2019.

Imbroda died on 2 April 2022 in Malaga, Spain from prostate cancer, aged 61.

Rose apple

The Rose Apple ("Syzygium jambos") is a type of apple found in 1762. It is related to the Guava, is native to the East Indies and Malaya. The Rose Apple is cultivated and naturalized in many parts of India, Southeast Asia, and the Pacific Islands. Later, it was introduced to Jamaica and became well distributed in the West Indies and at low elevations, from Southern Mexico to [Peru]. In 1825, eight young trees were taken from Rio de Janeiro to Hawaii by ship. In 1853, a United States warship delivered avocado and rose apple trees from Central America to the Island of Hilo. The rose apple became further naturalized on the islands of Kauai, Molokai, Oahu, Maui and Hawaii.

The rose apple tree may be merely a shrub but is generally a tree reaching 25 or even 40 ft (7.5-12 m) in height, and has a dense crown of slender, wide-spreading branches, often the overall width exceeding the height. The flowers are creamy-white or greenish-white, 2 to 4 in (5-10 cm) wide, consisting mostly of about 300 noticeable stamens to 1 1/2 in (4 cm) long, a 4-lobed calyx, and 4 greenish-white, concave petals. There are usually 4 or 5 flowers together in terminal cluster.
The fruit is nearly round, oval, or slightly pear-shaped, 1 0.5 to 2 in (4-5 cm) long, with smooth, thin, pale-yellow or whitish skin, sometimes pink-blushed, covering a crisp, mealy, dry to juicy layer of yellowish flesh, sweet and resembling the scent of a rose in flavour.

Where Hands Touch

Where Hands Touch is a 2018 British romantic war drama movie directed by Amma Asante and starring Amandla Stenberg, George MacKay, Abbie Cornish, Christopher Eccleston, and Tom Sweet.


Yavoriv

Yavoriv (, , , ) is a city in Lviv Oblast (province) of western Ukraine. It is the administrative center of Yavoriv Raion (district). In 2021, 12,888 people lived there.

Sambir

Sambir (; ; ) is a city in Lviv Oblast (province) of Ukraine. It is the administrative center of Sambir Raion (district) and is close to the border with Poland. In 2021, 34,444 people lived there.

Michael Oliver (referee)

Michael Oliver (born 20 February 1985) is an English professional football referee from Ashington, Northumberland. His county FA is the Northumberland Football Association. He belongs to the Select Group of Referees in England and officiates primarily in the Premier League. He received his FIFA badge in 2012, allowing him to officiate in major international matches. Oliver was appointed to take charge of the final of the 2015 FIFA U-17 World Cup. Oliver was promoted to the UEFA Elite Group of Referees in 2018. He is also a Newcastle United supporter.

Born in Ashington, Northumberland, Oliver was introduced refereeing by his father, Clive, at the age of 14. He quickly progressed through the ranks and was promoted to the National List of Referees in 2007; he refereed the 2007 Conference National play-off Final, becoming the youngest football referee to officiate at Wembley Stadium. In addition he had already become the youngest Football League assistant referee, and would also become the youngest fourth official in the Premier League.

Family Oliver enjoyed a unique refereeing double when father Clive took charge of the 2009 League Two play-off Final and Michael officiated the next day at the 2009 League One play-off Final.

Some questions have been asked why Michael Oliver doesn’t like to be sent to the monitor by the VAR ref after allegedly not seeing the clear foul on Liverpools Alexis Mac Allister even though it was right in front of him. The very strange behaviour and decision making from Oliver has resulted in the 23/24 PL title race taking a different trajectory. Odd,very odd.

Dobromyl

Dobromyl (; ; ) is a city in Sambir Raion, Lviv Oblast, Ukraine. It is about 5 kilometers from the border with Poland. In 2021, 4,168 people lived there.

Brody

Brody (; ; ; ) is a city in Zolochiv Raion, Lviv Oblast, Ukraine. In 2021, 23,335 people lived there.

Bila Tserkva

Bila Tserkva (; ) is a city in Kyiv Oblast, Ukraine. In 2021, 208,737 people lived there.

Ichum Lairembi

Ichum Lairembi () or Echum Lairembi () or Eechum Lairembi () is a Lairembi (goddess) in Meitei mythology and religion of Ancient Kangleipak. Her major cult centre of worship is located in Khurkhul region, present day Manipur.
According to legends, the power of Goddess "Ichum Lairembi" () resides at "Thingba Maran Ngambi" (). It is the reason why all the offerings brought for Goddess "Ichum Lairembi" are offered to "Thingba Maran Ngambi".

In a legend, Princess Thoibi of Ancient Moirang was once ordered by the King of Moirang to throw an egg. So, she and her slaves proceeded to a journey to carry on the task. The egg they brought fell on ground and got broken at the area of Goddess "Ichum Lairembi" in Khurkhul. From that time onwards, they started to live in the place and celebrate Lai Haraoba festival to please Goddess "Ichum Lairembi".

Every year, the sacred Lai Haraoba festival is celebrated in honor Goddess Ichum Lairembi (). Among the places of celebrations of the holy festival, Khurkhul is the predominant one.


La Planée

La Planée is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Les Pontets

Les Pontets is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

American Mayapple

The American Mayapple is a herbaceous perennial plant native to the eastern part of North America. The stem can grow up to 30-40 cm tall. The plant produces two distinct growth forms. The first form, which has a single umbrella-like leaf, doesn't make any flowers or fruit. The second growth form consists of twin leaves (sometimes three), and a single white flower with six (rarely up to nine) petals, typically measuring 3-5 cm in diameter. This flower matures into a yellow-greenish fruit, which can grow 2-5 cm long. The plant usually grows in groups in open woodlands, with individual shoots often connected by systems of thick roots.

Despite its name, "mayapple", it is actually a flower that appears in early May, not an "apple," which appears later in the summer. The American Mayapple goes by several other names, including the Devil's apple, hogapple, Indian apple, umbrella plant, wild lemon, wild mandrake, and American mandrake.

According to Brian Fondren, the mayapple has been used for a variety of medicinal purposes, originally by Native Americans and later by other settlers.

All the parts of the plant, except the fruit, are poisonous. The plant can kill a person in 24 hours. Even the fruit, which is not dangerously poisonous, can cause red or yellow diarrhea. 

Christian Democratic People's Party (Hungary)

The Christian Democratic People's Party (Hungarian: Kereszténydemokrata Néppárt, KDNP) is a right-wing Christian democratic political party in Hungary. It is officially a coalition partner of the ruling party, Fidesz, but is mostly considered a satellite party of Fidesz,and has been unable to get into the Parliament on its own since 1998. For several elections prior to the pact, they had been unable to pass the election threshold of 5% of the vote. Without Fidesz, its support cannot be measured,and even a leading Fidesz politician, János Lázár, stated that Fidesz does not consider the government to be a coalition government.

John Brooks (referee)

John Edmund C. Brooks is an English football referee. He referees for the Premier League. Brooks was promoted in June 2021. Before this, he was a Select Group Referee and a Premier League assistant referee.

In December 2021, Brooks refereed his first Premier League match. The match was between Wolves and Burnley at The Molineux Stadium.

Independent Smallholders, Agrarian Workers and Civic Party

The Independent Smallholders, Agrarian Workers and Civic Party (Hungarian: Független Kisgazda-, Földmunkás- és Polgári Párt), known mostly by its acronym FKgP or its shortened form Independent Smallholders' Party (Hungarian: Független Kisgazdapárt), is a political party in Hungary. Since the 2002 parliamentary elections, the party has won no seats.

After the end of Communism in Hungary, the Smallholders' Party was founded and took part in the center-right governments of József Antall, Péter Boross, and Viktor Orbán. In the 2002 Hungarian parliamentary election it lost all its seats in Parliament.

In early 2019, Our Homeland Movement (Mi Hazánk Mozgalom) made an alliance with the far-right Hungarian Justice and Life Party (MIÉP) and FKgP.

Samara Oblast

Samara Oblast () is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast). Its administrative center is the city of Samara. As of 2010, 3,215,532 people lived in the oblast.

Kinel

Kinel () is a city in Samara Oblast, Russia. It is about east of Samara. In 2010, 34,491 people lived there.

Nizhny Novgorod Oblast

Nizhny Novgorod Oblast (, "Nizhegorodskaya oblast") is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast). It used to be called Gorky Oblast. Its administrative center is the city of Nizhny Novgorod. In 2010, 3,310,597 people lived in the oblast.

Ryazan

Ryazan () is the largest city and administrative center of Ryazan Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 524,927 people lived there.

Lev Landau

Lev Davidovich Landau (Russian: "Лев Давидович Ландау") (January 22, 1908 – April 1, 1968), was a famous Soviet physicist for contributing to theoretical physics.

He was elected as a member of the USSR Academy of Sciences in 1946. He was a Foreign Member of Royal Society of London (1960), National Academy of Sciences of the United States of America (1960), Royal Danish Academy of Sciences and Letters (1951), Royal Dutch Academy of Arts and Sciences (1956), American Academy of Arts and Sciences (1960) and German National Academy of Sciences Leopoldina (1964), French Physical Society and the London Physical Society.

He won the 1962 Nobel Prize in Physics for his contribution to the Mathematical Theory of Superfluidity. He also got titles or awards: Hero of Socialist Labor (1954). Max Planck Medal (Germany, 1960), Fritz London Prize (1960), USSR State Prize: Lenin Prize (1962) and Stalin Prizes (1946, 1949, 1953).


Pskov Oblast

Pskov Oblast () is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast). Its administrative center is the city of Pskov. In 2010, 673,423 people lived in the oblast.

Lukhovitsy

Lukhovitsy () is a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia. It is the administrative center of Lukhovitsky District. In 2010, 29,850 people lived there.

Citropsis

"Citropsis" is a genus of flowering plants in the citrus family, Rutaceae.

It produces a fruit known as the African cherry orange. This a fruit common to Central and Western Africa, it is about the size of a tangerine. It is sometimes used as a herbal medicine. The fruit is two or three centimeters long.

The are a number of species, which differ in the details of their habit. The plant is a shrub or tree. With pointed leaflets, the leaves are up to 33 centimeters long. They are about two centimeters long and the inflorescence is a cluster of flowers with four white petals. The style may be 1.5 centimeters long.

Premier of Nevis

The Premier of Nevis is the head of the Nevis Island Administration within the Federation of Saint Kitts and Nevis.

Simeon Daniel

Simeon Daniel (22 August 1934 – 27 May 2012) was a Saint Kitts and Nevis lawyer and politician. He was the first Premier of Nevis from 1983 until 1992.

Joseph Parry (politician)

Joseph Walcott Parry is a Saint Kitts and Nevis politician. He was President of Nevis Cricket association and a representative on the Leeward Islands Cricket Association. He was the Premier of Nevis from 2006 until 2013.

Mark Brantley

Mark Brantley (born 11 January 1969) is a Saint Kitts and Nevis lawyer and politician. He is the Premier of Nevis since 2017 and the Minister of Foreign Affairs for St Kitts and Nevis since 2015.

Vance Amory

Vance Winkworth Amory (22 May 1949 – 2 April 2022) was a Saint Kitts and Nevis politician and cricketer. He was the Premier of Nevis, from 1992 to 2006 and from 2013 to 2017. He also was the Minister of Sports in the Nevis Island Administration.

He founded and led the Concerned Citizens' Movement. The Vance W. Amory International Airport is named after him.

Amory died on 2 April 2022, aged 72.

Alberto Estella Goytre

Alberto Estella Goytre (23 September 1940 – 1 April 2022) was a Spanish politician. She was a member of the Union of the Democratic Centre and the People's Party. She was in the Congress of Deputies from 1977 to 1982. 

Estella Goytre died in Salamanca, Spain on 1 April 2022 at the age of 81.

Astrakhan

Astrakhan (; ) is a city on the Volga River in Russia. It is the largest city and administrative center of Astrakhan Oblast. In 2010, 520,339 people lived there.

Mike Riley (referee)

Michael "Mike" Anthony Riley (born 17 December 1964) is an English former professional football referee, who has refereed in the English Football League, Premier League, and for FIFA and also is the General Manager for PGMOL who will be stepping down in November 2022.

He became a national Football League referee in 1994, having previously served five years on their assistant referees' list. He was later granted FIFA status in 1999 allowing him to officiate international fixtures.

In 2002, Riley refereed The FA Cup Final between Arsenal and Chelsea, which he later stated was "the highlight of my career". Riley took charge of the 2004 Football League Cup Final, between Bolton and Middlesbrough, in a game that saw all three goals scored within the first 25 minutes. He awarded a penalty to Middlesbrough after seven minutes and cautioned five players during the course of the game.

Petre Ivănescu

Petre Ivănescu (15 April 1936 – 1 April 2022) was a Romanian handball player and coach. He played for Dinamo București and for Romania national team. He was born in Bucharest, Romania. His playing career began in 1954 and he retired in 1974. His managing career began in 1967 and he retired in 2005.

Ivănescu died on 1 April 2022 in Essen, Germany from colon cancer at the age of 85.

Silvio Longobucco

Silvio Longobucco (5 June 1951 – 2 April 2022) was an Italian professional footballer. He played as a defender. Longobucco was born in Scalea, Italy. His playing career lasted from 1969 until 1983. He played for Ternana Calcio, Juventus F.C., Cagliari Calcio and Cosenza Calcio 1914.

Longobucco died on 2 April 2022 in Scalea, Italy at the age of 70.

Scalea

Scalea (Calabrian: ) is a town and "comune" in the province of Cosenza in the Calabria region of southern Italy.


Tyumen

Tyumen () is the largest city and administrative center of Tyumen Oblast, Russia. It is on the Tura River. In 2010, 581,907 people lived there.

Mıgırdiç Margosyan

Mıgırdiç Margosyan (23 December 1938 – 2 April 2022) was a Turkish-Armenian writer.

Margosyan published many short stories in Armenian at the "Marmara" newspaper. Margosyan published "Gavur Mahallesi" (1992), "Söyle Margos Nerelisen?" (1995) and "Biletimiz İstanbul'a Kesildi" (1998) in Turkish and in 1999 published his second book, "Dikrisi Aperen" in Armenian. 

Reculfoz

Reculfoz is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Remoray-Boujeons

Remoray-Boujeons is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Prime Minister's Official Car (Japan)

The Prime Minister's Official Car (内閣総理大臣専用車) is the official state car used by the Prime Minister of Japan. 
The current model is the Toyota Century, which was introduced in 2020 as the replacement of the Lexus LS.

Lygia Fagundes Telles

Lygia Fagundes da Silva Telles ( de Azevedo Fagundes; ; April 19, 1918 — April 3, 2022) was a Brazilian novelist and writer. She won the Camões Prize. She was elected as the third woman in the Brazilian Academy of Letters in 1985. She was also nominated for the Nobel Prize in Literature in 2016.

Telles died on April 3, 2022 in São Paulo, Brazil two weeks before her 99th birthday.

La Rivière-Drugeon

La Rivière-Drugeon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sokobanja

Sokobanja (, ) is a city in the Zaječar District in Serbia. As of 2011, the population of the town is 7,982.

Rondefontaine

Rondefontaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Pomaretto

Pomaretto (French: Pomaret) is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region Piedmont, it is located about 45 km southwest of Turin.

Shujaat Hussain

Chaudhry Shujaat Hussain (; ; born 27 January 1940) is a senior Pakistani conservative politician and businessman. He was the 16th Prime Minister of Pakistan from 30 June 2004 until 28 August 2004. Hussain has been party president of the Pakistan Muslim League (Q) since 2003.

Metropolitan cities of Italy

The metropolitan cities of Italy (Italian: "città metropolitane d'Italia") are administrative divisions of Italy, which are a type of sub-provinces.

Andrews, South Carolina

Andrews is a town in Georgetown and Williamsburg counties in the U.S. state of South Carolina. The population was 2,575 at the 2020 census.

Mike Flood

Michael John Flood (born February 23, 1975) is an American attorney, businessman, and politician. Flood is a member of the United States House of Representatives from Nebraska's 1st congressional district since 2022. He was a member of the Nebraska Legislature from 2021 to 2022 and from 2005 until 2013. He was speaker of the Legislature from 2007 to 2013. He ran for Governor of Nebraska in 2014.

In January 2022, Flood announced his candidacy for the United States House of Representatives to represent Nebraska's 1st congressional district. He won the special election in June 2022.

Mike Jones (referee)

Michael "Mike" J. Jones (born 18 April 1968) is an English retired professional football referee based in Chester. He is a member of the Cheshire County Football Association.

He began refereeing in The Football League in 1997 and was promoted in 2008 to the list of Select Group Referees who officiate all Premier League fixtures. In 2009, he refereed the FA Trophy Final at Wembley Stadium. Jones is now the National Group Director of the PGMOL and also the Head of Refereeing at the English Football Leagues.

Saint-Antoine, Doubs

Saint-Antoine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Saint-Point-Lac

Saint-Point-Lac is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sarrageois

Sarrageois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Touillon-et-Loutelet

Touillon-et-Loutelet is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Les Villedieu

Les Villedieu is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Villeneuve-d'Amont

Villeneuve-d'Amont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Villers-sous-Chalamont

Villers-sous-Chalamont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Avoudrey

Avoudrey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bannans

Bannans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Belmont, Doubs

Belmont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

It is the birthplace of Louis Pergaud (1882–1915), writer and soldier.

Baixa

The Baixa (), is a neighborhood in the historic center of Lisbon, capital of Portugal. It is north of the Praça do Comércio, somewhat between the Cais do Sodré and the Alfama district beneath the Lisbon Castle, and goes north towards the Avenida da Liberdade (Lisbon).

Expresso (newspaper)

Expresso () is the publication of the company Impresa and is published every week in Lisbon, Portugal.

Villers

Villers is the name of several places in Europe:




Villers-Pol

Villers-Pol is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 1,287 people lived there.


Villers-au-Tertre

Villers-au-Tertre is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 661 people lived there.


Villers-Buzon

Villers-Buzon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Craig Pawson

Craig Pawson (born 2 March 1979) is an English professional football referee. He officiated primarily in the Premier League. He has been promoted to the panel of Select Group Referees in 2013, as well as in the Football League.

He is based in South Yorkshire and is associated with the Sheffield & Hallamshire County Football Association.

Craig Pawson is also a Sheffield United supporter.

Villers-Chief

Villers-Chief is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Villers-la-Combe

Villers-la-Combe is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Agrarian socialism

Agrarian socialism is a political ideology that develops as a socialist version of agrarianism. Agrarian socialism also branches into agrarian communism, which was adapted by the English Diggers movement.

Bians-les-Usiers

Bians-les-Usiers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Mao Zedong Thought

Mao Zedong Thought (MZT) is a political thought and ideology that develops similarly to Maoism. It is based around the theories, practices, and concepts developed by the Communist Party of China (CPC) and Mao Zedong, whom was Chairman of the Communist Party of China until his death in 1976. It separates from Maoism due to differences with Marxism–Leninism–Maoism. Mao Zedong Thought is an application of Marxism and Leninism through Marxism–Leninism in China. MZT was the driving force behind the Cultural Revolution from 1966 to 1976.

Mao Zedong, the father of Mao Zedong Thought, published his first work in April of 1917. It was titled "A Study of Physical Education". "Analysis of the Classes in Chinese Society" is a notable work Mao Zedong published prior to the start of the Chinese Civil War, being published in March of 1926. The "Report on an Investigation of the Peasant Movement In Hunan" was published just a month before the Chinese Civil War began.

Following the start of the Chinese Civil War between the Communist Party of China and the Kuomintang in 1927, Mao Zedong continued publishing political works. Among these were "Why is it that Red Political Power can Exist in China?", "The Struggle in the Chingkang Mountains", "The Second Anniversary of An Wu-ching's Martyrdom", and "On Correcting Mistaken Ideas in the Party". These four works were published between 1928 and 1929.

The Cultural Revolution was considered a major cultural movement in the development of Mao Zedong Thought by the Socialist Unity Centre of India.

Bremondans

Bremondans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Haratin

Haratin (), are a North African ethnic group native to western Sahel and southwestern Maghreb. The Haratin are mostly found in modern Mauritania, Morocco, Western Sahara, and Algeria. In Tunisia and Libya.

Blackduck, Minnesota

Blackduck is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States. 845 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Bretonvillers

Bretonvillers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bugny

Bugny is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chamesey

Chamesey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Idar-Oberstein

Idar-Oberstein is a town in Birkenfeld in Rhineland-Palatinate, Germany. About 30,000 people lived there.

Idar-Oberstein is known as a gemstone and garrison town. It is also the largest town in the Hunsrück.

Actor Bruce Willis was born here.

Idar-Oberstein is twinned with:

Eugenia stipitata

Eugenia stipitata (Araza, Portuguese common names araçá, araçá-boi, Spanish common name arazá) is a guava-like fruit native to Brazil and parts of Peru. It is commonly found in the Rio Ucayali Valley. This small fruit has a yellow or green color, soft pulp, and is sour in taste. Brazil and Peru use araza as an ingredient in drinks, nectars, ice creams, and marmalades. 

La Chaux, Doubs

La Chaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chaux-lès-Passavant

Chaux-lès-Passavant is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chevigney-lès-Vercel

Chevigney-lès-Vercel is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Consolation-Maisonnettes

Consolation-Maisonnettes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Courtetain-et-Salans

Courtetain-et-Salans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Domprel

Domprel is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Épenouse

Épenouse is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

History of Iraq

The history of Iraq, also known as Iraqi history, is an aspect of world history that is based in the Middle East, focusing around the country of Iraq.

One of the first known sites in prehistoric Iraq is the Shanidar Cave. The region of Mesopotamia was a major part of the Neolithic revolution in around 10,000 BCE.

ISO 3166-2:BE

ISO 3166-2:BE is the entry for Belgium in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Indo-Parthian Kingdom

The Indo-Parthian Kingdom was a Parthian kingdom that was founded by Gondophares with Taxila as its capital in Pakistan. The Indo-Parthian Kingdom existed from 19 to about 226 AD. They ruled mainly in what is now Pakistan, but also some parts of eastern Afghanistan, and Iran.




Manipur bush rat

The Manipur bush rat (, ) or Hume's rat or Hume's hadromys is a species of rodent. It belongs to the family Muridae. It is found in Manipur and other Northeastern Indian regions. It is an endangered species.

The species lives only in Northeast India. It has been recorded from several localities. These are:

The Manipur bush rat lives at places with medium altitudes from above sea level. It lives in tropical evergreen, moist deciduous and evergreen forests. It is also found in secondary forests in Northeastern India.

The murid was described by Oldfield Thomas in 1886. The description was from specimens in the Manipur collection of Allan Octavian Hume. It was donated to the British Museum (Natural History) after Hume's life's work in ornithological notes were sold by a servant as waste paper. The Manipur Bush Rat was named in honour of him. The collection has two male and two female specimens. It was recorded to be collected on 23 March 1881 from Moirang in Manipur. It was the type locality for this species.

The specimen has been described by Thomas (1886) as:

The length of the head and the body of the largest specimen was that of a female. It was long. The length of its tail was long. Elsewhere, the head and body length has been given as head and body length as , the tail length as . The weight has been recorded as ranging from .
The species has been given safeguarding level (conservation status) of "Endangered - B1ab(iii)+2ab(iii)" in IUCN Red List ver 3.1. The rules for this rating include:

The main causes of damages to the conditions of this species are found to be loss of and destruction of home, separation, and overpass. Other than these, hunting and firing are also the contributing causes.

David Neil MacKenzie

David Neil MacKenzie FBA (8 April 1926 – 13 October 2001) was a scholar of Iranian languages.

MacKenzie helped with the study of Iranic languages. This includes Middle Persian, Sogdian and Pashto.

He wrote the "Concise Pahlavi Dictionary" (1971). It was one of the most famous lexicographic(a dictionary that translates two languages) books for the 9th-12th century Zoroastrian texts.

Depictions of nudity

Depictions of nudity include any images or performances of people without clothing. These images have been made throughout history, both in the arts and sciences. Nudity in real life is restricted in most societies, but visual images of nudity may serve recognized social purposes. In Western societies, these are art, erotic images, including pornography, and information or science. Any image not fitting into one of these functions may be misunderstood, leading to disagreements. One of these disagreements is the difference between artistic and erotic images.

The human body was one of the first subjects of art, and has remained popular to the present. The traditional fine arts media include drawing, painting, and sculpture. Because they are made of durable materials such a stone, ceramics or metal, older sculptures have survived to the present. Drawings and paintings have survived only in caves or other places protected from the weather. 

Works of art, such as paintings, statues, or photographs have shown nude children, or nude children with nude adults. For most of this history, childhood nudity represented innocence, and could be shown anywhere. In recent years, showing nude children in photographs is seen by some as sexual. When photographs were taken to labs for processing, those taken by families showing small children naked were sometimes seen as child pornography by the police. When there is no sexual contact shown, charges have never been sustained. In May 2008, police in Sydney, Australia, raided an exhibition by the photographer Bill Henson. This exhibition showed images of naked adolescents. The raid was done on allegations of child pornography.

Since the beginning of photography, people have taken photographs of nudity. At first, the photos imitated paintings to avoid censorship, or were sold as references for artists.

In addition to fine art, photography of nudity has also been glamorous, sexual and then pornographic.

As new media have appeared though history, the human body has been one of the most popular subjects.

Many countries have made laws that should protect children from seeing sex scenes on television by accident. That way, such scenes may usually not be shown during the day. British TV must not show such scenes between 5.30am and 9pm. The time when content not suitable for children may be shown is called "watershed". The Broadcasting Code requires that "Nudity before the watershed must be justified by the context."

Nudity is often used to draw the attention of customers to a given product. That way, nude people or people with very little clothing are often shown on covers of magazines, even if the content of the magazine has nothing to do with nudity. Naked people, sometimes in connection with body painting are used to distribute fliers at events.

This uses erotic stimuli, especially to people of the opposite sex. On the other hand, nudity seems to work all by itself in such contexts. Nudity in public places is rare, and people generally do not expect it. The more it is used however, the less it will act on people. At some point it will have become normal.

Nudity in Western theatre was once limited to models posing in imitation of works of fine art (called "tableau vivant"). Nude performers could not move while the curtain was open. The Windmill Theatre operated in Soho, London from 1932 to 1964, but could not compete after strip clubs were allowed.

Nudity in American theater began in 1968 with the opening of Hair on Broadway. Nudity on the American stage has become more frequent, but has remained controversial.

Nude ballet was accepted in Denmark in the 1970s, but performances by the Royal Danish Ballet in the United States were limited to New York City. Today, nudity has become one of the possible "costumes" for modern dance.

Public performances that have the intent of arousing sexual interest have a long history, perhaps as long as prostitution. Modern striptease did not end with performers entirely nude until the twentieth century. In the 21st century, sex on stage is allowed in some countries.

Photographic media may be used to create images of all types, artistic, erotic, educational and scientific.

Erotic images are those intended to arouse sexual interest.

Images of the naked body are used to illustrate educational or scientific information.

In the European Renaissance artists performed there own dissections of the human body and drew illustrations.

In the 19th century, photographs of naked Indigenous peoples became popular in Europe. Most claimed to be scientific, or ethnographic images. Whatever the intent, they became commercial (or erotic) images. It is unclear which images were posed, rather than being of everyday attire.

The deep space probes Pioneer 10 (launched March 2, 1972) and 11 (launched April 5, 1973) each carried a metal sheet with a "message of peace" for extraterrestrials that might find them. Both are the same, and include line drawings of nude male and female humans. The male has a hand raised in greeting, although its meaning would not likely be clear.


Hichilema Cabinet

The Hichilema Cabinet is the 15th cabinet of Zambia and the cabinet of Hakainde Hichilema from 2021 until 2026. The previous cabinet is Second Lungu Cabinet from 2016 to 2021.

Manipur bush quail

The Manipur bush quail (, ) is a species of quail found in Manipur and other Northeastern Indian regions. It lives in humid and moist grasslands, particularly among tall grasses. It was first collected and described by Allan Octavian Hume on a mission to study about birds of Manipur in 1881.

"P. manipurensis" is listed as "Endangered" on the IUCN's Red List. Its home place is small, separated and fastly becoming smaller.

No one was confirmed of seeing the bird from 1932 until June 2006. In 2006, Anwaruddin Choudhury reported seeing the quail in Assam.
BBC News reported the speech of the conservation director of the Wildlife Trust of India, Rahul Kaul, as "This creature has almost literally returned from the dead."

There is a 1911 report by Frank Finn. It was based on Captain Wood's field notes of 1899. It noted that the species was common in the past. Captain Wood noted that the bird was commonly trapped by Manipuri people after bush fires. Further, he also noted the Manipuri language name was "lanz-soibol" (literally meaning "trap quail").

Anthony Taylor (referee)

Anthony "Tony" Taylor (born 20 October 1978) is an English "professional" football referee from Wythenshawe, Manchester.

In 2010, he was promoted to the list of Select Group Referees who specialize in the Premier League, and in 2013 he became a registered referee for FIFA allowing him to referee European and international matches. In 2015, he attended the Carabao Cup final at Wembley Stadium when Chelsea beat Tottenham Hotspur 2-0. Taylor returned to Wembley Stadium later that year to attend the FA Community Shield as Arsenal beat Chelsea 1-0. He commented on the 2017 and 2020 FA Cup finals, both between Chelsea and Arsenal; Arsenal won both times 2-1. When selected, he became the first to referee a second FA Cup Final since Arthur Kingscott in 1901.

Manipur white-toothed rat

The Manipur white-toothed rat (, ) is a species of rodent. It belongs to the family Muridae. It is found in Manipur of Northeastern India, northern and central Myanmar and Yunnan province of China (west of the Salween River).

In India, it is found in 

Manipur fulvetta

The Manipur fulvetta or Manipur streak-throated fulvetta () is a species of bird. It belongs to the biological family Sylviidae. It is named after Manipur State in Northeast India. Like the other typical fulvettas, it was included in the Timaliidae genus "Alcippe" for a very long time. Additionally, it was included in "F. cinereiceps" as a subspecies for a very long time. The common name "streak-throated fulvetta" is related to all the birds of its species. The typical "F. cinereiceps" are now called "Grey-hooded fulvetta".

It is found in Manipur of Northeast India, Myanmar and Yunnan of China.

Its natural home are temperate forests. Its condition was first checked up for the IUCN Red List in 2008. It was listed as a "Species of Least Concern".


Hoya manipurensis

Hoya manipurensis is an oleander plant species. It was first described by Debendra Bijoy Deb. "Hoya manipurensis" belongs to the genus "Hoya". It belongs to the family of oleander plants. No subspecies are listed in the Catalog of Life.


You Are Old, Father William

"You Are Old, Father William" is a poem by Lewis Carroll. It appears in his 1865 novel "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland". It is recited by Alice in Chapter 5.

"You are old, Father William," the young man said,

   "And your hair has become very white;

And yet you incessantly stand on your head—

   Do you think, at your age, it is right?"

"In my youth," Father William replied to his son,

   "I feared it might injure the brain;

But now that I'm perfectly sure I have none,

   Why, I do it again and again."

"You are old," said the youth, "as I mentioned before,

   And have grown most uncommonly fat;

Yet you turned a back-somersault in at the door—

   Pray, what is the reason of that?"

"In my youth," said the sage, as he shook his grey locks,

   "I kept all my limbs very supple

By the use of this ointment—one shilling the box—

   Allow me to sell you a couple."

"You are old," said the youth, "and your jaws are too weak

   For anything tougher than suet;

Yet you finished the goose, with the bones and the beak—

   Pray, how did you manage to do it?"

"In my youth," said his father, "I took to the law,

   And argued each case with my wife;

And the muscular strength, which it gave to my jaw,

   Has lasted the rest of my life."

"You are old," said the youth, "one would hardly suppose

   That your eye was as steady as ever;

Yet you balanced an eel on the end of your nose—

   What made you so awfully clever?"

"I have answered three questions, and that is enough,"

   Said his father; "don't give yourself airs!

Do you think I can listen all day to such stuff?

   Be off, or I'll kick you down the stairs!

Bobby Madley

Robert "Bobby" Madley (born 6 October 1985) is an English professional football referee. He was on list of Select Group Referees in the Premier League between 2013 and 2018. He was in the Football League as a referee from 2010. He was one of the youngest officials to progress to the top-flight of English football.

Madley was previously one of the referee development officers for the West Riding County Football Association before taking up a full-time role with the Professional Game Match Officials Limited (PGMOL). His older brother Andrew Madley, is a Football League referee.

List of ruling political parties by country

This article is a list of ruling political parties by country.

Graham Poll

Graham Poll (born 29 July 1963) is an English former football referee in the Premier League.
With 26 years of experience, he was one of the most famous referees in English football. He was often taking charge of the highest-profile games. His final domestic game in a career spanning 1,544 matches was the Championship play-off final on 28 May 2007 between Derby County and West Bromwich Albion.

He was the English representative at two World Cups and UEFA Euro 2000, and refereed the 2005 UEFA Cup Final.

In his third game of the 2006 FIFA World Cup in Germany, Croatia vs Australia, he cautioned Croatian defender Josip Šimunić three time before sending him off. Poll retired from refereeing international tournament finals matches shortly afterwards, citing his error in the match. He continued to referee in the Premier League, Champions League and on international games, but said he would disallow himself to be nominated to represent the FA at any tournament finals as he felt he had his chance.

Furry Vengeance

Furry Vengeance is a 2010 American family black comedy film directed by Roger Kumble, produced by Robert Simonds and Keith Goldberg, written by Michael Carnes and Josh Gilbert, co-produced by Participant Media, Imagenation Abu Dhabi and Robert Simonds Productions with music by Edward Shearmur, and distributed by Summit Entertainment.

It stars Brendan Fraser, Brooke Shields, and Ken Jeong with Dee Bradley Baker as the different animal vocal effects. It was theatrically released on April 30, 2010. The film earned $36.2 million on a $35 million budget.

"Furry Vengeance" was Fraser's final film as part of the William Morris Endeavor agency, as he switched to the Creative Arts Agency in 2010. This film was also Alice Drummond's final feature film role before her death on November 30, 2016.

Mega Babies

Mega Babies is an animated children's television series from Paul Rudish, who has previously had made the Cartoon Network shows "Dexter's Laboratory", "The Powerpuff Girls" and "Samurai Jack." It is the creators behind production companies, CinéGroupe, Landmark Entertainment Group and Sony Wonder.

The series was broadcast on Cartoon Network and Teletoon. The show was also aired in UK on Sky One's weekday mornings and later repeated on Channel 5 on weekend mornings between 2007 and 2008.

Portuguese Constitution of 1822

The Portuguese Constitution of 1822 () approved on 23 September 1822 was the first Portuguese constitution, it was an attempt to end absolutism (absolute monarchy) and introduce a constitutional monarchy. It was important to the history of democracy in Portugal. It was replaced by the Constitutional Charter of 1826.

The constitution was the result of the Constituent Cortes of 1820, which happened after the Liberal Revolution. 

Time in Portugal

Portugal has two time zones and has daylight saving time. 

Continental Portugal and Madeira use UTC+00:00 and the Azores use UTC–01:00. 

Daylight saving time is observed in the whole country from the last Sunday in March to the last Sunday in October. So, every year, continental Portugal and Madeira then use , and the Azores then use UTC+00:00.

Trachycephalus dibernardoi

Trachycephalus dibernardoi is a frog that lives in Brazil and Argentina. Scientists think it might also live in Paraguay.
Scientists wrote the first paper about this species in 2008. Herpetologists Axel Kwet and Mirco Solé wrote it.


Officially, scientists first found this species here: "Centro de Pesquisas e Conservação da Natureza (CPCN) Pró Mata, at these map numbers: , at 950 meters above sea level, in the town of São Francisco de Paula in the state of Río Grande del Sur, Brazil."


Scientists wrote about the first sample this way: MCP 2422; an adult female frog that Kewt and Marcos Di Bernardo found on January 20, 1996. They put it in the PUCRS Museum of Science and Technology in Porto Alegre.


The genus name "Trachycephalus" comes from the Greek word "Trachy" for "rough" and "cephalus" for "head." The species name "dibernardoi" is for the last name of the frog scientist Marcos Di Bernardo. The other scientists named the frog after him because he found so much knowledge about the frogs and other amphibians of Río Grande del Sur. Di-Bernardo was a teacher of zoology at the Pontifical Catholic University of Río Grande do Sul (PUCRS). He and the other scientists caught the first sample frog. Together, they wrote the book "Pró-Mata: Anfíbios da Serra Gaúcha, Sul do Brasil", or "Amphibians of Serra Gaucha" in English. In 2006, Di Bernardo died of skin cancer when he was 42 years old.

This frog is very large for a hylid. The adult male frog is 57.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 77.6 mm long. The iris of the frog's eye is yellow. It has black lines that make a pattern coming out from a circle. There are four clear marks that look like petals from a flower. The skin of its back looks brown or olive in color. It has a pattern of marks that look like eyes and other patches. There are black and white bands on its legs. Unlike "T. imitatrix", it has a white parallelogram from each eye down its body.

Within Brazil, scientists have seen this frog in the states of Río Grande do Sul (towns of São Francisco de Paula, at 950 m, and Machadinho, at 760 m) and in the western part of the state of Santa Catarina (town of Seara, at 550 m).

It also lives in the most northeastern part of Argentina, in the province of Misiones, according to material from El Soberbio (departament of Guaraní, at 190 m). In those papers, the frog is called "Phrynohyas imitatrix". 

Scientists think this frog lives in many places. It lives no lower than 150 meters above sea level and no higher than 1100 meters above sea level through all of the Sierra Geral mountains and places nearby. Scientists think it could also live in western Paraguay and in the state of Paraná in Brazil.

The International Union for the Conservation of Nature (IUCN), says this species is "not in much danger of dying out" in its Red List of Endangered Species.

BreadTube

BreadTube, or LeftTube, is a group of online content creators making videos. They often make video essays and livestreams from left-wing perspectives like socialism, communism or anarchism.

BreadTube creators post videos on YouTube that are discussed on other online platforms, like Reddit. Some BreadTube creators livestream on Twitch.

Some well-known BreadTube Creators are Vaush, Destiny, Hasan Piker and ContraPoints.
BreadTube creators are known to join in a form of "algorithmic hijacking". They will choose to focus on the same topics discussed by content creators with right-wing politics. This lets their videos being recommended to the same audiences who like right-wing or far-right videos. They can expose their thoughts to a wider audience. Many BreadTube creators are funded through crowdfunding. The channels often serve as introductions to left-wing politics for young viewers.

Allan Havey

Allan Havey (born September 19, 1954) is an American stand-up comic and actor. 
He started his career as a comedian in New York City in 1981. He made his national debut in 1986 on "Late Night with David Letterman" and made many appearances on the show throughout the 1980s and 1990s. When Letterman left NBC for CBS after not being chosen to replace Johnny Carson as host of "The Tonight Show", Havey was one of several comedians considered by NBC to replace Letterman.

Ivaylo Andonov

Ivaylo Viktorov Andonov (; born 14 August 1967) is a Bulgarian former professional footballer who played as a forward.

After starting professionally with hometown's PFC Pirin Blagoevgrad, Andonov was constantly being one of the first division top scorers.

Between 1994 and 1996, he spent his playing career in Spain and Germany. Returning afterwards to CSKA, Andonov scored 18 times in 25 matches, for another championship. He retired in 2000 at the age of 33, after two seasons with PFC Lokomotiv Sofia and another spell in Germany, with 1. FC Union Berlin.

Andonov gained five caps for Bulgaria and was picked for the squad at the 1994 FIFA World Cup, but did not leave the bench during the tournament in the United States as the national team finished in fourth position.

In 2001, he established his own children's academy near the village Pokrovnik.

CSKA Sofia


Marcel Appiah

Marcel Appiah (born 26 March 1988) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre-back or right-back for VfB Oldenburg. He previously played for Eredivisie club NEC, Arminia Bielefeld, VfL Osnabrück, Birmingham Legion, and VfR Aalen.

Appiah played in the youth for TuS Ennepetal, FC Schalke 04, TSG Sprockhövel, VfL Bochum and SG Wattenscheid. He made his professional debut in the 2. Bundesliga on 24 April 2010 against 1. FC Kaiserslautern.

NEC


 
Jarred Gillett

Jarred Gavan Gillett (born 1 November 1986) is an Australian football referee in the Premier League, following the announcement on 3 August 2021 that he had been promoted to the Select Group referees list.

Ilija Aračić

Ilija Aračić (born 15 November 1970) is a Croatian football coach and a former player who played as a striker.

Aračić was born in Slavonski Brod, SR Croatia, SFR Yugoslavia. He started his footballing career as a 9-year-old at Croatian team NK Ukrina Novo Selo, before moving to the team at the age of 14. His father Anto played professionally at the time for NK Polet Bosanski Brod. He later played for his local team where he was spotted by scouts of Prva HNL side NK Rijeka. Aračić, a drafter by trade, left Croatia as a result of the War of Independence, signed for Chemnitzer FC in Germany before transferring to Tennis Borussia Berlin in the summer of 1997. During the 1998–99 season, after impressing Hertha BSC with his two goals against them in the DFB-Pokal, quickly signed for TeBe's West Berlin rivals where he played for one and a half years before moving to Arminia Bielefeld and retiring.

In 2004 Aračić took over as coach of FC Augsburg's youth team. On 1 January 2012, he became head coach of the under-19 team of VfB Stuttgart. Aračić moved to FV Illertissen in 2016. In January 2018 he returned to VfB Stuttgart and became assistant coach of Tayfun Korkut.


ISO 3166-2:PT

ISO 3166-2:PT is the entry for Portugal in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:AD

ISO 3166-2:AD is the entry for Andorra in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Paul Tierney (referee)

Paul Tierney (born 25 December 1980) is a football referee from Wigan, Lancashire, who officiates primarily in the Premier League. He first officiated in the Premier League on 30 August 2014. Tierney was promoted to the FIFA International Referees List on 1 January 2018. He is registered with the Lancashire Football Association.

His first experience of a Premier League match in the middle came in the 2014/2015 campaign when he was in charge of Swansea City versus West Bromwich Albion at the Liberty Stadium on 30 August 2014.

Tierney got a taste of officiating in the Premier League in the 2008/09 season when he was the linesman for the match at St James' Park between Newcastle United and Hull City.

The official then became a member of the National Group of Referees ahead of the 2009/10 campaign, with Macccesfield Town against Notts County on the opening weekend of the League Two season being the first fixture he officiated.

Dildar Atmaca

Dildar Atmaca (born 17 October 2002) is a German footballer who plays as a winger for 1. FC Bocholt.

Bucha massacre

Bucha massacre is the name for a number of war crimes what was in the Ukrainian city of Bucha in 2022, during the Battle of Bucha (see Kyiv offensive), during the Russian invasion of Ukraine. 

Ukrainian authorities said that more than 300 inhabitants of the city had been killed, and described the massacre as a genocide. They asked the International Criminal Court (ICC) to investigate what had happened in Bucha.

Russian authorities denied any wrongdoing and said some footage (or video) and photographs of corpses (dead bodies) were false flag or "provocation" by Ukrainian police or territorial militia and that some specific footage was a "staged performance" by Ukrainian authorities, who entered Bucha days before any reports of bodies.

At least 20 corpses in civilian clothing were found (by journalists), in city streets, after the Russian army left and within three days of the Ukrainian army entered Bucha. There is suspicion that many of those dead people had been massacred by Russians and that the killings were war crimes. Some of the dead people had their hands tied. Some of the dead people, were burned after they were killed.

On March 31, the mayor of Bucha (Anatol Fedoruk) said on social media that foreign armed forces were no longer in Bucha.

Before noon on April 3, the first journalists went into the city (after the Battle of Bucha).

Ukrainian intelligence published a list of Russian military personnel (including soldiers); Ukrainian authorities thinks that those Russians were in Bucha, while the events of the Bucha massacre happened; "The list, published on the website of the Ministry of Defense, included the names, dates of birth, passport numbers and ranks of about 2,000 servicemen [including soldiers]", media said on April 4, 2022.

On April 4, the President of Ukraine, Volodymyr Zelenskyy, visited the streets of Bucha.

David Coote (referee)

David Coote is an English football referee. He is a member of the Nottinghamshire Football Association.

Tape measure

A tape measure is a device designed to measure things. It uses both imperial units and the Metric system of measurements.

European Communities

The European Communities (EC), were three international organizations. These were the European Coal and Steel Community (ECSC), the European Atomic Energy Community (EAEC), and the European Economic Community (EEC). In 1993, the European Union was formed by the Maastricht Treaty.

Joseph A. Diclerico Jr.

Joseph A. Diclerico Jr. (January 30, 1941 – April 2, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the Judge of the United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire from 1992 until his death. He was chief judge of that court from 1992 until 1997. He was nominated to the court by President George H. W. Bush. Diclerico Jr. was born in Lynn, Massachusetts.

Diclerico Jr. died on April 2, 2022 in Concord, New Hampshire at the age of 81.

Einar Østby

Einar Østby (17 September 1935 – 3 April 2022) was a Norwegian cross-country skier. He competed during the early 1960s. He earned a silver in the 4 × 10 km relay at the 1960 Winter Olympics. He was born in Vinger, Norway.

Østby died on 3 April 2022, at the age of 86.

Stan Parrish

Stanley Paul Parrish (September 20, 1946 – April 3, 2022) was an American football coach and player. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio. He was the head coach at Ball State University from 2009 to 2010. Parrish was the head coach at Wabash College, and Marshall University. He was an offensive coordinator at Ball State and the University of Michigan.

Parrish died on April 3, 2022 at the age of 75.

Pamela Rooke

Pamela Rooke (23 June 1955 – 3 April 2022), also known as Jordan and Jordan Mooney, was an English model and actress. She was known her work with Vivienne Westwood and the Sex boutique in the Kings Road area of London in the mid-1970s. She was seen as an icon of the London punk subculture. Rooke was born in Seaford, East Sussex.

Rooke died on 3 April 2022 in London, England from bile duct cancer, aged 66.

Mohamed Azima

Mohamed Semida Abdel Azim (), mostly known as Mohamed Azima (), (born 17 October 1968) is a former Egypt international football midfielder who played for clubs in Egypt, Germany, Austria and South Korea.

Born in Egypt, Azima began playing football for local side Al-Ahly S.C.

In 1990, Azima moved to Germany to sign for 2. Bundesliga side SC Fortuna Köln. He made 35 appearances in the German second division, the last nine with VfB Oldenburg.

Azima moved to Austria where he would play for SK Vorwärts Steyr, and won the 1996 K-League championship in South Korea with Ulsan Hyundai Horang-i.

Azima made several appearances for the Egypt national football team, and played at the 1992 African Cup of Nations finals.


Peter Bankes

Peter Bankes (born 18 May 1982) is a English football referee. He officiates games in the Premier League and EFL Championship.

Bankes was moved into the Select Group 1 referee pool ahead of the 2019–20 campaign after joining Select Group 2 three seasons prior. On 31 August 2019, Bankes refereed his first Premier League game between Leicester City and Bournemouth and issued a total of four yellow cards throughout the game. On 22 February 2020, Bankes showed his first Premier League red card to Newcastle United player Valentino Lazaro after Crystal Palace forward Wilfred Zaha, who was through on goal.

WordPress Photo Directory

WordPress Photo Directory is an open-source image directory for open images. It is managed by the WordPress project. 
All images are licensed under an open CC Zero license. Images are created and uploaded by volunteers. The service is still partially under development stage. The program used in it is licensed under the GNU GPLv2.0 license.
The image directory aims to provide an open alternative to closed image banks, such as Unsplash, Pixbaby, and Adobe Stock, whose licensing terms have become restrictive in recent years. Use in WordPress themes, for example, is restricted.
WordPress Photo Directory has 2,388 images as of April 2022.

On December 14, 2021, Matt Mullenweg announced the WordPress Photo Directory at State of the Word 2021 event. In January 2022, the project began to gather volunteers and already in February its own developer website was launched. Then team representatives were selected. 



Simon Hooper

Simon Hooper (born 15 July 1982) is an English professional football referee who officiates in the Premier League having been promoted to the Select Group of Referees in 2018. He has officiated three Premier League fixtures, the encounter between Norwich City and Crystal Palace, in August 2015, Newcastle United's home match against Burnley in January 2018 and Newcastle v Leicester City in September the same year.

WordPress Foundation

WordPress Foundation is a non-profit organization that was set up to support the open-source WordPress project. 
The purpose of is to guarantee open access to WordPress's software projects forever. As part of this, the organization owns and manages WordPress, WordCamp and related trademarks.



ISO 3166-2:AE

ISO 3166-2:AE is the entry for the United Arab Emirates in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which mades codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:AG

ISO 3166-2:AG is the entry for Antigua and Barbuda in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:AI

ISO 3166-2:AI is the entry for Anguilla in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Primatomorpha

The Primatomorpha are a mirorder of mammals. They have two orders: the Dermoptera or colugos and the Primates (Plesiadapiformes, Strepsirrhini, Haplorhini).


ISO 3166-2:AO

ISO 3166-2:AO is the entry for Angola in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

List of autonomous presidents of Spain

This is a list of the autonomous presidents of Spain. The function of the autonomous presidents is to govern their respective autonomous communities, and direct the executive power in said community, heading the autonomous institution or body destined for said purpose.

United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire

The United States District Court for the District of New Hampshire (in case citations, D.N.H.) is the Federal district court in the state of New Hampshire. The Warren B. Rudman U.S. Courthouse for the New Hampshire district is in Concord.


Tommy Davis (outfielder)

Herman Thomas Davis Jr. (March 21, 1939 – April 3, 2022) was an American professional baseball player and coach. He played in Major League Baseball as a left fielder and third baseman from 1959 to 1976 for ten different teams. Davis played for the Los Angeles Dodgers, New York Mets, Chicago White Sox, Seattle Pilots, Houston Astros, Oakland Athletics, Chicago Cubs, Baltimore Orioles, California Angels and Kansas City Royals.

Davis died on April 3, 2022 in Phoenix, Arizona at the age of 83.

John McNally (boxer)

John McNally (3 November 1932 – 4 April 2022) was a Irish boxer. He won a silver medal at the 1952 Summer Olympics in the bantamweight division. McNally was born in Belfast, Northern Ireland. He was the first person from Belfast and the first Irish boxer to win an Olympic medal.

McNally died on 4 April 2022 in Belfast, aged 89.

Jennifer Wilson (actress)

Jennifer Wilson (25 April 1932 – March 2022) was an English actress. She played Kate Nickleby in a BBC version of "Nicholas Nickleby" in 1957. Wilson's last acting roles were as Mrs. Bradbury in "Coronation Street" in 2014 and as Nancy Milne in three episodes of "Doctors" between 2014 and 2015. Wilson is best known for playing Jennifer Hammond in "The Brothers".

Wilson died at her home in France in March 2022, at the age of 89.

Gene Shue

Eugene William Shue (December 18, 1931 – April 3, 2022) was an American professional basketball player and coach in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He played for the New York Knicks, Detroit Pistons and the Baltimore Bullets. His played career lasted from 1954 until 1964. His coaching career lasted from 1966 until 1989.

Shue died on April 3, 2022 in Marina del Rey, California from melanoma at the age of 90.

Petar Skansi

Petar Skansi (23 November 1943 – 4 April 2022) was a Croatian professional basketball player and coach. During his playing career, he played for Jugoplastika and Maxmobili Pesaro. He was a member of the senior Yugoslavia national team squad that won the silver medal at the 1968 Summer Olympics. Skansi was born in Sumartin, Croatia, Italy.

Skansi died on 4 April 2022 at the age of 78.

Bat-Mite

Bat-Mite is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Bat-Mite is an imp similar to the Superman villain Mister Mxyzptlk. 

He is seen as a small, childlike man wearing a child-like Batman costume. Bat-Mite admires Batman and is seen more of an annoying character than a villain.

Alger Hiss

Alger Hiss (November 11, 1904 – November 15, 1996) was an American government official. In 1948, he was accused of having spied for the Soviet Union in the 1930s. He was convicted of perjury in connection with this charge in 1950. Before the trial Hiss was part in the creation of the United Nations.

Hiss died of emphysema on November 15, 1996, at Lenox Hill Hospital in New York City, four days after his 92nd birthday.

Suleika Jaouad

Suleika Jaouad ( ; ) is an American writer, advocate, and motivational speaker. She is the author of the "Life, Interrupted" column in "The New York Times" and has also written for "Vogue, Glamour", NPR's "All Things Considered" and "Women's Health". Her 2021 memoir "Between Two Kingdoms" was a "New York Times" Best Seller. 

Jaouad was diagnosed with leukemia in 2011. Despite being told having a 35% survival rate, she beat the cancer in 2014. In February 2022, the cancer had returned.

In 2022, she married award-winning musician Jon Batiste.

Bill Lee (left-handed pitcher)

William Francis Lee III (born December 28, 1946), nicknamed "Spaceman", is an American former professional baseball left-handed pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Boston Red Sox (1969–1978) and Montreal Expos (1979–1982). Lee is known for his counterculture behavior.

In May 2016, Lee was chosen by the Liberty Union Party as its nominee for Governor of Vermont in the 2016 election.

Robert Ito

Robert Ito (born July 2, 1931) is a Canadian actor. He is of Japanese ancestry. He is known for his roles as Sam Fujiyama on the 1976–83 NBC series "Quincy, M.E." and Larry Mishima on the 1980s CBS primetime soap opera "Falcon Crest".

KiKi Layne

Kiandra "KiKi" Layne (born December 10, 1991) is an American actress. She is best known for her starring roles in "If Beale Street Could Talk" (2018), the drama "Native Son" (2019), the action superhero movie "The Old Guard" (2020), and the romantic comedy "Coming 2 America" (2021).

Iranian studies

Iranian studies ( '), also called to as Iranology and Iranistics, is the study of the civilization, history, literature, art and culture of Iranian peoples. It is a part of of Oriental studies.

In Iranology, there is also Persian studies. In Persian studies, one only studies the Persian language and literature. Iranology also studies the history of individual types of Iranian peoples, such as Azeris, Kurds, Lurs, Gilakis, Talysh, Tajiks, Pashtuns, Ossetians, Baluchis, Scythians, Sarmatians, Alans, Parthians, Sogdians, Bactrians, Khwarazmians, and Mazandaranis.




Schistura manipurensis

Schistura manipurensis is a species of ray-finned fish. It is a stone loach. It belongs to the genus "Schistura". It is a benthic species of clear, fast flowing hill streams with pebbly beds. It is found in the Chindwin River Basin in the Indian states of Manipur and Nagaland. It is also found in the basin of the Brahmaputra River.

Schistura kangjupkhulensis

Schistura kangjupkhulensis is a species of ray-finned fish. It belongs to the largest genus of stone loaches, "Schistura". It can be found in less deep, fast flowing streams with stone pebble substrates in the Tizu River, Imphal River and Nambul River on the Chindwin River Basin in Manipur. It is very rare. It is decreasing in population. Its populations are threatened by destructive fishing methods and human changing of its home environment by damming and occupying water usage.

Semiplotus manipurensis

Semiplotus manipurensis is a species of cyprinid. It belongs to the genus "Semiplotus". It is mainly found in Manipur. Unsexed males have a maximum length of . It is classified as "data deficient" on the IUCN Red List. It is considered harmless to human beings.

Certhia manipurensis

Hume's treecreeper ("Certhia manipurensis") is a bird species. It was earlier included within the brown-throated treecreeper group. It was identified as a separate species based on their unique calls. It belongs to the treecreeper family. It is found in Manipur, Assam, Myanmar, Shan Mountains, Northern Thailand, Laos and the Dalat Plateau.

It has a rich cinnamon colored throat and breast. It has the status coming from nd molecular evidence and calls.


Pethia manipurensis

Pethia manipurensis is a species of cyprinid. It native to the Loktak Lake of Manipur. It reaches a maximum length of SL.

Rotala manipurensis

Rotala manipurensis is a species of an aquarium plant. It belongs to the genus "Rotala". It is native to Manipur and some other South East Asian regions. It can grow in both emerged and submerged environment. It has narrow and bright green color leaves. Yellow color can be seen in it upon the exposure to high light and injection of carbon dioxide.

Rotala (plant)

Rotala is a genus of plants. It belongs to the loosestrife family. Several species are used as aquarium plants.

Species include:


Nymphaea manipurensis

Nymphaea manipurensis is a species of water lily plant. It belongs to the genus Nymphaea. It belongs to the family Nymphaeaceae. It is native to Manipur. It slightly looks like because of their tetragonal shaped receptacle. But its presence of partial autocarpy makes it unique from other species of the same genus.


Thomas Jane

Thomas Jane (born Thomas Elliott III; February 22, 1969) is an American actor.

He was in the movies "Evening Raga of the West" (1987), "Boogie Nights" (1997), "Deep Blue Sea" (1999), "The Punisher" (2004), "The Mist" (2007), "Mutant Chronicles" (2008), "1922" (2017), and "The Predator" (2018).

Jane's television roles include Mickey Mantle in the television movie "61*" (2001) and the Syfy/Amazon Video series "The Expanse" (2015–2021). 

Denise Bauer

Denise Campbell Bauer (born January 30, 1964) is an American politician. She is the United States ambassador to France and Monaco since 2022. Bauer was Ambassador of the United States to Belgium from 2013 to 2017.

Jane D. Hartley

Jane Dorothy Hartley (born April 18, 1950) is an American diplomat. Hartley is the United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom since 2022. She was the United States ambassador to France and Monaco from 2014 until 2017 during the Barack Obama administration. 

In January 2022, she was nominated by President Joe Biden as the United States Ambassador to the United Kingdom. She was confirmed by the United States Senate in May 2022. She presented her credentials to Queen Elizabeth II on July 19, 2022.

She was also a member of the Council on Foreign Relations.

Charles Rivkin

Charles Hammerman Rivkin (born April 6, 1962) is an American media executive and politician. He is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (CEO) of the Motion Picture Association (MPA) since 2017.

Rivkin was Assistant Secretary of State for Economic and Business Affairs at the U.S. Department of State from 2014 to 2017. He also was the United States Ambassador to France and Monaco from 2009 until 2013. 

Alejandra Espinoza

Alejandra Espinoza Cruz (March 27, 1987) is a Mexican Beauty Queen, Actress and TV Host, in 2007 she would win the Univision's beauty pageant/reality show "Nuestra Belleza Latina".


Paul Winzer

Paul Winzer, also known as "Walter Mosig", (born in Cottbus on June 24, 1908 and disappeared after World War II in 1945 or 1946) was a German diplomat and policeman and one of the leaders of Miranda de Ebro's concentration camp (in Castille) during Franco's dictatorship. He was also the head of Gestapo in Franco 's Spain. 

He was born in Cottbus in 1908 and studied law at the universities of Breslau and Berlin, but did not complete his "Abschluss" - degree -; he failed final exams twice and failed to complete his studies. In April 1932 he joined the Nazi Party (member number 1,106,851). Shortly after the Nazi rise to power, in 1933 Winzer joined the "Schutzstaffel" (SS). Then he joined the "Kriminalpolizei" in 1934. 

In May 1936 he was assigned to the German embassy in Madrid, on the express desire of Heinrich Himmler to investigate the Spanish communists and anarchists. On 18th July, when the coup took place, going from what the fascists intended to be a "Blitzkrieg" to the Spanisch Civil War of three years, Winzer was in Barcelona, where he was watching the German leftists participating in the People's Olympics. After staying there for a few days, Winzer boarded an Italian steamer and returned to Germany. However, when Nazi Germany, which had participated in the war alongside Franco's forces, immediately recognized Franco's legitimacy, Winzer was again sent to Spain with the new ambassador, Wilhelm Faupel, as police "attaché" at the German embassy in the post of "Kriminalkommissar" .

After his arrival in Spain controlled by the fascist insurgents, he held various positions. Winzer oversaw Miranda de Ebro's Concentration Camp, built by fascist forces inspired by German concentration camps such as the one in his hometown, and in turn the Miranda de Ebro camp served as a testing ground for Nazi camps in Central Europe. Some authors point to Winzer as one of the designers of the structure of the camp, while others point to him as the designer of the entire Francoist concentration camps system. 

However, Winzer also carried out activities beyond his theoretical functions. For example, he cooperated with other embassy officials on plans to build a German oil refinery at Santa Cruz de Tenerife (in Canary Islands) with a view to using it in a future war; he was also responsible for the formation of the new political police ("politico-social brigade") of the Franco regime. After the signing of a police cooperation agreement between Franco's Spain and Germany in 1938 (which established the mutual extradition of "political criminals" arrested in both countries), Winzer's power in Spain increased considerably. After the end of the civil war, a later agreement further strengthened his power, and also allowed the installation in Spain of a network of "Sicherheitsdienst" (SD) agents under the supervision of Winzer himself. The network under his supervision consisted of around 30 agents who were spread across the entire Iberian Peninsula . 

After the end of the Civil War, Winzer remained in Spain and moved to Madrid, along with the German diplomatic delegation. When World War II began, he became one of the main contacts for Walter Schellenberg, the German head of intelligence and counterintelligence. As a police "attaché", his duties also included monitoring the German colony residing in Spain. Winzer, for example, always suspected of Delegate of the Ministerio de Propaganda in Madrid Embassy, Josef Hans Lazar, who, despite being of Jewish origin, carried out a major propaganda campaign in Spain in favor of Nazi Germany. Winzer's power also extended to Portugal, even establishing contacts with the police of Salazar's dictatorship. He even hatched a plan to kidnap and/or murder Otto Strasser, a former Nazi who turned against the regime in Portugal. In early 1945 he was still at the embassy in Madrid. After the end of World War II, his whereabouts are unknown. 



Data annotation

Data annotation is all about labeling or tagging relevant information/metadata in a dataset to let machines understand what they are. The dataset could be in any form i.e., image, an audio file, video footage, or even text. 

Data is one of the three key elements in the development of artificial intelligence. The development of computer recognition engine requires massive training data, which need to be annotated. These data include images, sounds, text, etc. Annotation of these types of data includes classification, frame, annotation, marking, etc.

Data Annotation, simply put, is the process of adding labels or tags to raw data. Think of it as giving our AI buddies a helping hand by making sense of the vast sea of information out there. It's like teaching them to recognize a cat from a dog in a photo or understanding the sentiment in a tweet. Without these labels, our AI pals would be lost in a world of pixels and characters!

Importance of Labeled Data in AI and Machine Learning:

Now, why does this matter? Well, labeled data is the secret sauce that powers AI and Machine Learning. It's the fuel that makes our algorithms smart and capable of understanding patterns. Imagine your favorite virtual assistant being clueless about your voice commands or a recommendation system recommending shoes when you're looking for hats – that's the chaos without accurate labels!

Growing Demand for Data Annotation:

Guess what? With AI and Machine Learning taking over the tech scene, there's an ever-growing hunger for high-quality labeled data. As the demand skyrockets, enter the superheroes of the tech world – the Data Annotation Platforms!

The Landscape of Data Annotation

"Overview of Data Annotation Platforms"

These platforms are like the Avengers of the tech universe, each with its unique superpowers. Some specialize in Image Annotation, meticulously labeling objects and scenes. Others are experts in Text Classification, deciphering the meaning behind strings of text. And let's not forget those skilled in Speech Tagging, giving voices a digital identity

Challenges in Navigating Data Annotation Platforms

But, navigating this digital Avengers world isn’t a walk in the park. Challenges lurk around every corner – finding the right platform that aligns with accuracy, affordability, and efficiency can be trickier than finding Waldo in a crowded picture!

Role of Data Annotation in Fueling Intelligent Algorithms

Despite the challenges, these platforms play a crucial role in fueling the intelligence of algorithms. They transform raw data into gold, making our machines smarter and more capable. It's like giving our AI superheroes their power upgrades to save the day!

The Need for Data Annotation Tech Reviews

Understanding Platform Strengths and Weaknesses

Now, here's where the plot thickens. Enter the stage – Data Annotation Tech Reviews! These are like the trusty sidekicks, helping us navigate the maze of platforms. They dive into the nitty-gritty, exploring strengths, weaknesses, and everything in between.

Key Considerations in Tech Reviews

But what do these reviews consider? It's a checklist of awesomeness:

Project Types: Does the platform groove with image annotation, text classification, or a mix of everything?

Workflow and Tools: Are the annotation tools user-friendly? Is there an AI-assist to speed things up?

Worker Quality and Training: How do they ensure accuracy and expertise in their workforce?

Security and Data Privacy: Is your data Fort Knox secure?

Pricing and Scalability: Can it be your tech buddy without breaking the bank?

Customer Support: Is there a tech wizard ready to wave their wand when things get tricky?

Identifying Reliable Data Annotation Tech Reviewers

Criteria for Choosing Reviewers

Choosing the right reviewers is like selecting the perfect outfit for a tech gala. What to look for?


Reading Data Annotation Tech Reviews Effectively

Defining Project Requirements and Budget

Before diving into the reviews, define your project needs and budget. It's like setting the GPS coordinates before embarking on a tech adventure. This helps in narrowing down the platforms relevant to your specific needs.

Comparing Multiple Reviews for a Comprehensive Understanding

Don't settle for a single review. It's like taste-testing multiple flavors before settling on your favorite ice cream. Read comparisons to get a 360-degree view, helping you spot the platform that dances to your project's rhythm.

Digging Deeper into Specific Features and Pain Points

Beyond the headline score, dive into the details. It's like exploring a city – find the hidden gems and steer clear of the pitfalls. Pay attention to what the reviewers say about specific features and potential pain points.

Supplementing Research with User Testimonials and Forum Discussions

Sometimes, the best advice comes from those who've been there, and done that. Supplement your research with real-world experiences. User testimonials and forum discussions add a sprinkle of reality to the tech fairy tale.

Training Data Platforms in 2024

Significance of Training Data in ML and AI

Fast forward to 2024, and the buzz in the tech world is all about Training Data Platforms. These are like the enchanted workshops where data gets its superhero training, preparing to save the day in the ML and AI realms.

Evolution of Training Data Platforms

These platforms aren’t your run-of-the-mill heroes; they've evolved rapidly! They're not just about sourcing data; they're about crafting it, cleaning it, and getting it ready for a red carpet walk into the world of models and algorithms.

Features of Noteworthy Training Data Platforms


Emerging Trends in Training Data Platforms

Decentralized Training Data Marketplaces

Peer-to-Peer Marketplace Concept: Picture a virtual marketplace where individuals and organizations come together, buying and selling pre-labeled datasets. It's like a data bazaar, bringing everyone to the same tech party.

Democratizing Access to Data: This concept isn't just about trading data; it's about making it accessible to everyone. It's like saying, "You get data, and you get data!" is how it would sound." – a true democratization of the data realm.

Synthetic Data Generation

increasingly incorporating AI-powered tools to generate synthetic data. It's like having a digital artist create a masterpiece, these tools replicate real-world scenarios, filling in gaps and addressing data scarcity and bias issues that often plague traditional datasets.

Addressing Data Scarcity and Bias Issues: Synthetic data generation opens up exciting possibilities. It's not just about creating more data; it's about creating diverse, representative data. By tackling scarcity and bias, these tools pave the way for training models in edge cases and sensitive domains, ensuring a more inclusive and robust AI landscape.

Future Role of Training Data Platforms

Automation, Collaboration, and Intelligent Data Management

Hold on to your tech hats because the future of Training Data Platforms is a symphony of automation, collaboration, and intelligent data management. These platforms are evolving into true collaborators, automating repetitive tasks, and orchestrating a seamless dance between humans and machines.

Shaping the Future of ML and AI Deployment

As we look ahead, Training Data Platforms aren't just tools; they're the architects shaping the very future of ML and AI deployment. Their role is expanding beyond preparation; they are becoming the enablers, setting the stage for the deployment of intelligent systems across diverse industries.

Conclusion

And there you have it, the exhilarating journey through the fascinating world of Data Annotation and Training Data Platforms! To recap, data annotation is the unsung hero making our AI friends brilliant, and the tech reviews are our trusty guides through the maze of choices.

As we step into the era of Training Data Platforms, they're not just platforms; they're the superheroes getting our data ready for the AI red carpet. The trends of decentralized marketplaces and synthetic data generation are breaking barriers and opening new frontiers in the data universe.

So, dear tech enthusiasts, armed with the knowledge of tech reviews, insights into Training Data Platforms, and a glimpse into the future trends, go forth and make informed choices. The tech landscape
Flag and seal of Illinois

The flag and Seal of the State of Illinois are the state's official symbols. The seal is used on official state documents. The top part of the seal has the words "Seal of the State of Illinois" The date Aug. 26th 1818 (on which Illinois was declared a U.S. State) is at the bottom of the seal. A bald eagle is in the middle.

Secretary of the State Sharon Tyndale made an updated version for the seal in 1867.

The state's flag was chosen in 1915. It originally did not have the word "Illinois" at the bottom of the flag. But in 1969, the state word was added to the flag. The 1969 edition of Illinois' flag is the version that was used from then on.

2022 FIFA World Cup Group A

Group A of the 2022 FIFA World Cup will be from 21 to 29 November 2022. The teams in the group are Qatar, Ecuador, Senegal and the Netherlands. The top two teams will go to the round of 16.

Notes
In the round of 16:

All times listed are local, AST ().

<section begin=A1 /><section end=A1 />

<section begin=A2 /><section end=A2 />

<section begin=A3 /><section end=A3 />

<section begin=A4 /><section end=A4 />

<section begin=A5 /><section end=A5 />

<section begin=A6 /><section end=A6 />

Fair play points will be used as tiebreakers if the teams are tied after the overall and head-to-head rules. These points are based on yellow and red cards given to a team. The points are:

China (1943 movie)

China is a 1943 American World War II drama movie directed by John Farrow and starring Loretta Young, Alan Ladd, William Bendix, Tala Birell, Philip Ahn, Richard Loo. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


2022 FIFA World Cup Group B

Group B of the 2022 FIFA World Cup will be from 21 to 29 November 2022. The teams in the group are England, Iran, the United States and Wales. The top two teams will go to the round of 16.

Notes
In the round of 16:

All times listed are local, AST ().

<section begin=B1 /><section end=B1 />

<section begin=B2 /><section end=B2 />

<section begin=B3 /><section end=B3 />

<section begin=B4 /><section end=B4 />

<section begin="B5" /><section end=B5 />

<section begin=B6 /><section end=B6 />

Fair play points will be used as tiebreakers if the teams are tied after the overall and head-to-head rules. These points are based on yellow and red cards given to a team. The points are:

The Bedroom Window (1987 movie)

The Bedroom Window is a 1987 American psychological thriller movie directed by Curtis Hanson and was based on the novel "The Witness" by Anne Holden. It stars Steve Guttenberg, Elizabeth McGovern, Isabelle Huppert, Paul Shenar, Carl Lumbly, Wallace Shawn, Frederick Coffin, Maury Chaykin and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


From the Hip (movie)

From the Hip is a 1987 American comedy-drama movie directed by Bob Clark and starring Judd Nelson, Elizabeth Perkins, John Hurt, Ray Walston, Darren McGavin, Richard Zobel, Allan Arbus, Dan Monahan. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Rhodesia (1964–1980)

Rhodesia from 1964 to 1980 may refer to:


ISO 3166-2:AQ

ISO 3166-2:AQ is the entry for Antarctica in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:AT

ISO 3166-2:AT is the entry for Austria in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Yamata Amasung Keibu Keioiba

Yamata Amasung Keibu Keioiba () is a Meitei language play. It was written and directed by Heisnam Tomba. It was produced by the "Kalakshetra Manipur". This play attempts to interweave the folk stories of the two legendary creatures, Yamata-no-Orochi of Japan and Keibu Keioiba of Manipur.

Yamata-no-Orochi was a Japanese dragon having 8 heads and 8 tails. Its body was enormous. Its body was as large as 8 valleys and 8 hills. Yamata was about to ate beautiful . Yamata had already eaten 7 of her older sisters. But God Susanoo killed Yamata and saved her. Keibu Keioiba was a mythical creature with the head of tiger and the body of human. He once kidnapped lonely Lady Thabaton. Later, Thabaton’s seven older brothers killed Keibu Keioiba and saved her. It happened with the help of a wise old woman.

The play shows the qualities of sacrifices and great sufferings through the mythologies of Japan and Manipur. They are interwoven in such a way that the stories of the two hilltops could be narrated together.

According to Heisnam Tomba, the director of the play, the play attempts to capture the two different cultures and explore every possible interpretations. The play was an intercultural testing of stories, dance, music and performing traditional arts. It shows the modern day meaning of the rich folklore of both Japanese culture and Meitei culture.



First Chechen War

The First Chechen War was a war between the Chechen Republic of Ichkeria and Russia from 1994 to 1996.

The war was caused by Russia's prior attempt to overthrow the Chechen government in the Battle of Grozny in November 1994. The initial campaign of the war saw the deadly First Battle of Grozny. Russia's major military failures during the conflict led to a rise of opposition movements against Russian president Boris Yeltsin.
Death estimates for the Russian military in the conflict range anywhere from 3,500 up to 14,000. The war caused massive devastation for the region of Chechnya and neighboring areas of Russia that continues until this day. The conflict also caused a rise of ethnic tensions between Chechens and non-Chechens in Chechnya.

In the aftermath of the First Chechen War, a rise of radical Islamic thought in the form of Jihadism began to rise in Chechnya. This ultimately led to the Chechen Civil War and later the pretext for the Second Chechen War.

Trachycephalus lepidus

Trachycephalus lepidus is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Amblin Entertainment

Amblin Entertainment is a independent movie studio of Steven Spielberg, founded in 1970.

Amblin Television

Amblin Television is a television production arm of Amblin Entertainment, founded in 1984.

Imagine Entertainment

Imagine Entertainment is a independent movie studio of Brian Grazer and Ron Howard, founded in 1986.

ISO 3166-2:AX

ISO 3166-2:AX is the entry for the Åland Islands in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

2022 FIFA World Cup Group C

Group C of the 2022 FIFA World Cup will be from 22 to 30 November 2022. The teams in the group are Argentina, Saudi Arabia, Mexico and Poland. The top two teams will go to the round of 16.

Notes
In the round of 16:

All times listed are local, AST ().

<section begin=C1 /><section end=C1 />

<section begin=C2 /><section end=C2 />

<section begin=C3 /><section end=C3 />

<section begin=C4 /><section end=C4 />

<section begin=C5 /><section end=C5 />

<section begin=C6 /><section end=C6 />

Fair play points will be used as tiebreakers if the teams are tied after the overall and head-to-head rules. These points are based on yellow and red cards given to a team. The points are:

2022 FIFA World Cup Group D

Group D of the 2022 FIFA World Cup will be from 22 to 30 November 2022. The teams in the group are France, Australia, Denmark and Tunisia. The top two teams will go to the round of 16.

Notes
In the round of 16:

All times listed are local, AST ().

<section begin=D1 /><section end=D1 />

<section begin=D2 /><section end=D2 />

<section begin=D3 /><section end=D3 />

<section begin=D4 /><section end=D4 />

<section begin=D5 /><section end=D5 />

<section begin=D6 /><section end=D6 />

Fair play points will be used as tiebreakers if the teams are tied after the overall and head-to-head rules. These points are based on yellow and red cards given to a team. The points are:

2022 FIFA World Cup Group E

Group E of the 2022 FIFA World Cup will be from 23 November to 1 December 2022. The teams in the group are Spain, Costa Rica, Germany and Japan. The top two teams will go to the round of 16.

Notes
In the round of 16:

All times listed are local, AST ().

<section begin=E1 /><section end=E1 />

<section begin=E2 /><section end=E2 />

<section begin=E3 /><section end=E3 />

<section begin=E4 /><section end=E4 />

<section begin=E5 /><section end=E5 />

<section begin=E6 /><section end=E6 />

Fair play points will be used as tiebreakers if the teams are tied after the overall and head-to-head rules. These points are based on yellow and red cards given to a team. The points are:

My Japanese Niece

My Japanese Niece (, ) is a 2015 Japanese-Meitei movie. It was directed by Mohen Naorem. The movie stars and Yu Asada in lead roles. 

The movie has three major roles; the Japanese soldier (played by ), the Japanese niece named "Asada" (played by actress "Yu Asada") and the adopted daughter.

The movie featured 100 soldiers from the Royal Thai Army. They played the roles of the Japanese soldiers of the WWII.

Asada, a young Japanese lady, comes to Manipur to pay homage to her dead uncle. Her uncle died in the battle in 1944. In Manipur, she had a dream. In her dream, her uncle asked her to go to a village. But Asada discovered that a man who looked like her uncle had died a few months back. Asada decided to find out the truth. She discovered about the trials and problems faced by the Japanese soldiers in India. She also discovered many unpublished letters and diaries. Her findings helped her a lot to search for the truth.


"My Japanese Niece" looked into a Japanese army's life after the battle. 
Director Mohen Naorem was inspired by an earthquake that hit Japan in the year 2011. During the earthquake, the Japanese army played an important role in helping the victims. He believed that the movie will expose the humanitarianism of the soldiers in the battle of 1944.

The shooting of the movie was done in Bangkok (Thailand), Tokyo (Japan), Manipur (India) and some places of the Indo-Myanmar border.


Heiner Backhaus

Heiner Backhaus (born 4 February 1982) is a German football manager former professional player who manages Rot-Weiß Koblenz. As a player, he was a journeyman who played as a defensive midfielder.

Born in Witten, West Germany, Backhaus made his professional debut with Hannover 96 on 12 August 2001, against SpVgg Unterhaching, on the 61st minute replacing Nebojša Krupniković.

He played for Rot-Weiss Essen, 1. FC Union Berlin, Borussia Mönchengladbach, DSC Arminia Bielefeld and Kickers Offenbach in Germany, and AEK Larnaca in Cyprus. He played for Valletta from summer 2007 but left the club at the end of the season, after the championship success to join Kitchee SC of Hong Kong.

Valletta


2022 FIFA World Cup Group F

Group F of the 2022 FIFA World Cup will be from 23 November to 1 December 2022. The teams in the groups are Belgium, Canada, Morocco and Croatia. The top two teams will go to the round of 16.

Notes
In the round of 16:

All times listed are local, AST ().

<section begin=F1 /><section end=F1 />

<section begin=F2 /><section end=F2 />

<section begin=F3 /><section end=F3 />

<section begin=F4 /><section end=F4 />

<section begin=F5 /><section end=F5 />

<section begin=F6 /><section end=F6 />

Fair play points will be used as tiebreakers if the teams are tied after the overall and head-to-head rules. These points are based on yellow and red cards given to a team. The points are:

Alexander Bade

Alexander Bade (born 25 August 1970) is a German former professional footballer who played as a goalkeeper. Since his retirement from playing, he works as a goalkeeper coach.

Borussia Dortmund

2022 FIFA World Cup Group G

Group G of the 2022 FIFA World Cup will be from 24 November to 2 December 2022. The teams in the group are Brazil, Serbia, Switzerland and Cameroon. The top two teams will go to the round of 16.

Notes
In the round of 16:

All times listed are local, AST ().

<section begin=G1 /><section end=G1 />

<section begin=G2 /><section end=G2 />

<section begin=G3 /><section end=G3 />

<section begin=G4 /><section end=G4 />

<section begin=G5 /><section end=G5 />

<section begin=G6 /><section end=G6 />

Fair play points will be used as tiebreakers if the teams are tied after the overall and head-to-head rules. These points are based on yellow and red cards given to a team. The points are:

Bunsen is a Beast

Bunsen is a Beast is an American comedy animated Television Series created by Butch Hartman for Nickelodeon aired in January 16, 2017 to February 10, 2018. It revolves around a small eccentric monster named Bunsen who begins attending a middle school that previously only admitted humans. In spite of prejudice against beasts, Bunsen befriends a human boy named Mikey Munroe and his homeschooled companion, Darcy. Together, Bunsen and his friends attempt to navigate through school life while outsmarting a student named Amanda who wants to rid society of Bunsen's kind.

Karim Bagheri

Karim Bagheri (; born 20 February 1974) is an Iranian professional football coach and former player. He is an assistant coach for Persepolis and the Iran national team.

Persepolis

Arminia Bielefeld

Al-Sadd

Iran

Individual


2022 FIFA World Cup Group H

Group H of the 2022 FIFA World Cup will be from 24 November to 2 December 2022. The teams in the group are Portugal, Ghana, Uruguay and South Korea. The top two teams will go to the round of 16.

Notes
In the round of 16:

All times listed are local, AST ().

<section begin=H1 /><section end=H1 />

<section begin=H2 /><section end=H2 />

<section begin=H3 /><section end=H3 />

<section begin=H4 /><section end=H4 />

<section begin=H5 /><section end=H5 />

<section begin=H6 /><section end=H6 />

Fair play points will be used as tiebreakers if the teams are tied after the overall and head-to-head rules. These points are based on yellow and red cards given to a team. The points are:

Henryk Bałuszyński

Henryk Bałuszyński (15 July 1972 – 1 March 2012) was a Polish international football striker.

Bałuszyński was born in Knurów. He scored four goals for the Polish national team in fifteen appearances. On 1 March 2012, he died of a heart attack.


Hans-Jürgen Bäsler

Hans-Jürgen Bäsler (28 March 1938 – May 2002) was a German footballer.

Bäsler made 17 appearances in the Bundesliga during his playing career.

2022 FIFA World Cup knockout stage

The knockout stage of the 2022 FIFA World Cup is the second and last stage of the tournament, which is after the group stage. It will start on 3 December with the round of 16 and will end on 18 December 2022 with the final match, in Lusail Iconic Stadium in Lusail. The top two teams from each group (sixteen in total) will advance to the knockout stage to play in a single-elimination tournament. A third place play-off will be played between the two losing teams of the semi-finals.

All times listed are local, AST ().

In the knockout stage, if a match is tied at the end of 90 minutes of normal playing time, extra time will be played (two halves that are 15 minutes each). If it is still tied after extra time, the match will be decided by a penalty shoot-out.

The top two placed teams from each of the eight groups will qualify for the knockout stage.
<section begin=Bracket /><section end=Bracket />

<section begin=R16-1 /><section end=R16-1 />

<section begin=R16-2 /><section end=R16-2 />

<section begin=R16-3 /><section end=R16-3 />

<section begin=R16-4 /><section end=R16-4 />

<section begin=R16-5 /><section end=R16-5 />

<section begin=R16-6 /><section end=R16-6 />

<section begin=R16-7 /><section end=R16-7 />

<section begin=R16-8 /><section end=R16-8 />

<section begin=QF1 /><section end=QF1 />

<section begin=QF2 /><section end=QF2 />

<section begin=QF3 /><section end=QF3 />
<section begin=QF4 /><section end=QF4 />

<section begin=SF1 /><section end=SF1 />

<section begin=SF2 /><section end=SF2 />

<section begin=TPP /><section end=TPP />

Ensar Baykan

Ensar Baykan (born 22 January 1992) is a Turkish footballer who currently plays for Fethiyespor.

On 6 July 2013, he joined Dardanelspor.


Gulf Arabic

Gulf Arabic ( ' or ', ) is a variety of the Arabic language spoken in Eastern Arabia around the coasts of the Persian Gulf in Kuwait, Bahrain, Qatar, the United Arab Emirates, eastern Saudi Arabia, northern Oman, and by some Iranian Arabs.

Geoff Marshall

Geoff Marshall is a video producer and author from London. He runs a YouTube channel about transport. He lived in the United States from 2006 to 2009. 

Marshall got the world record for the Tube Challenge: travelling to all London Underground stations in the fastest time possible twice. His first world record time to visit the then 275 stations was set with Neil Blake in May 2004, on his seventh attempt. This beat the previous world record that was listed by Jack Welsby in April 2002.
His second record time of 16 hours, 20 minutes and 27 seconds, was set in August 2013. A prior attempt which came close was covered by BBC News as part of London Underground's 150 year celebrations.
Marshall wrote a show revealing his multiple attempts which he performed at the Edinburgh Festival Fringe in 2014 and several times since at the London Transport Museum.

Marshall gives interviews on London TV and radio. He gives his analysis of transport stories.
He first appeared on TV in series 1 of ITV documentary "The Tube". The second episode shows his failed attempt to beat Jack Welsby's Tube Challenge world record. This was later followed in 2003 by "Race Around The Underground", part of Carlton Television's "Metroland" documentary series, where Marshall would have broken the record had the Richmond Branch of the District Line not suffered a signal failure.
He also appeared on Sky 1's quiz show "The Fanatics". He answered questions about the London Underground and then found himself in an episode of More4's "The World's Most Beautiful Railway" in September 2019 investigating the Caledonian Sleeper in the Scottish highlands.

Marshall was a publisher between 2013-2019 for Londonist Ltd, an online London themed company. One of the more popular video series is "Secrets of the Underground -" a YouTube series presented by Marshall that talks about obscure facts of the London Underground. The 17-episode series first featured the 11 London Underground lines, but later episodes were produced for other London networks and for bonus episodes.
Marshall's solo YouTube channel publishes mostly transport-related content in the UK. One notable series is "Least Used Stations", where he uses Office of Rail and Road statistics to discover which station in a given county had the lowest use in the previous year, then visits that station to review its limited features. He is also planning to go to all of the UK's request stops.
Other notable series include "Six Stations", "Tube Challenge", "London's Lost Railways", "Secrets Of..." other transport systems across the UK and "Geoff's Top Twenty" discussing favourite videos on the channel but is slightly inaccurate as 15 of them are from late 2021 onwards .

All the Stations was a project organised by Marshall and Vicki Pipe, to visit all 2,563 UK railway stations in the summer of 2017. The pair filmed most of the journey with daily updates posted on YouTube. They also posted updates to other platforms during the journey. An online hour documentary about the journey was produced in 2018.

Funded by Kickstarter, the journey started on 7 May in Penzance and lasted 105 days where it stopped in Wick. 59 main videos were uploaded with 12 bonus videos too. They visited every station in Great Britain whilst gaining publicity along the way, like at lesser used Shippea Hill station.
In 2019, Marshall and Pipe did All The Stations Ireland. They spent three weeks visiting all 198 railway stations in Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland during March and April 2019, they then spent three days in July 2019 visiting the Isle of Man to travel to every station on the island too.
Underground: USA was a 12-week documentary road trip. Marshall took it between June and September 2009 where he went to all 48 mainland states of the US and in each one visited an area that shared a name with a station on the tube map, for example, Epping, Maine, where the journey started. He had his filming equipment stolen during the trip but eventually turned the story into a one-hour YouTube documentary as well as publishing a related book "Underground: USA".

Marshall led a tube-based charity event in 2005 with "Tube Relief". It was in response to the 7 July 2005 London bombings. Around 50 people took part, raising over £11,000 for charity. Marshall later did a series of "Walk The Tube" events to raise money for charities, by getting a group of people to visit every tube station but not as a record attempt. These events took place for three years following 2013.

Selfie (2022 movie)

Selfie is a 2022 Indian Tamil-language action thriller film directed by Mathi Maran and produced by DG Film Company. The film stars G. V. Prakash Kumar and Gautham Vasudev Menon with a supporting cast including Varsha Bollamma, Vidya Pradeep, Vagai Chandrasekhar, Sangili Murugan and Subramaniam Siva. The film's music is composed by G. V. Prakash Kumar himself and the cinematographer of it is Vishnu Rangasamy and editing done by S. Elayaraja. The film was released in theatres on 1 April 2022.

Kanal (G. V. Prakash Kumar) is a hot-headed engineering student at a low-level college. He holds a grudge against his overbearing father who forced him to study engineering just for the sake of prestige when he actually wanted to pursue something business related. When he finds out that his father paid a bribe through a college admission brocket to get him a place at the college, he becomes determined to investigate it further. He quickly finds out that the underground college admissions racket in Chennai is both a thriving business and an open secret. When a distant relative of a close friend approaches Kanal and his gang for help to get his son a place at a prestigious medical college in the city, they go all out to prove themselves worthy. However, after securing the place, the client pulls out and demands his money back. When Nazir, Kanal's best friend refuses to cooperate, things get out of hand. The client approaches Ravi Varma (Gautham Vasudev Menon), the most powerful college admission broker in the city whose name Kanal's gang used to secure the position in the first place. Consequently, gangsters and loan sharks start harassing not only Kanal and his friends, but even their families. Nazir eventually makes a decision that will change Kanal and all their friends' lives forever.


Runway 34

Runway 34 is an 2022 Indian thriller drama film produced and directed by Ajay Devgn and assistant director Govind Bhana under his banner of Ajay Devgn FFilms. It stars him along with Amitabh Bachchan, Boman Irani, Rakul Preet Singh, Angira Dhar and Aakanksha Singh in pivotal roles. It is inspired by an aviation incident of a Jet Airways flight from Dubai to Kochi in 2015.

It released on 29 April 2022.

Captain Vikrant Khanna is an accomplished pilot, who is preparing for a flight from Dubai to Cochin. He parties before the flight, and feels tired onboarding it, where his co-pilot is Tanya Albuquerque. Later, a cyclone in Cochin leads to the flight being diverted to Trivandrum on Khanna's suggestion, despite objection from Albuquerque. Albuquerque says that Bengaluru has to be the second option, not Trivandrum, as the latter is near Cochin and has a high chance of having bad weather too. Khanna says that if they divert to Trivandrum, they can attempt a landing there and save fuel. Due to miscommunication, the pilots do not realize that Trivandrum is facing weather worse than Cochin, which reduces the visibility level. Captain Khanna manages to land the flight while closing his eyes and averts a major disaster. 

Prior to an inquiry, a small interrogation takes place, including Khanna's medical test. The instrument, however, is damaged and isn't able to reveal whether or not Khanna is drunk. The enquiry is held regarding the pilots' actions, headed by AAIB Head Narayan Vedant. The enquiry is held mainly because Alma Asthana, an elderly woman who was on the flight and was thesole passenger to trust Khanna with his decision to divert to Trivandrum, had died of a heart attack on her way to the hospital. During the enquiry, a polygraph is conducted on Khanna. Vedant scares Albuquerque with his questions and she mistakenly reveals that Khanna had closed his eyes during landing. 

During the next session of the enquiry, Khanna reveals that he has a photographic memory, so he knew what he was doing during landing, even though his eyes were closed as he was imagining everything in his mind. He eventually proves it through a simulated flight with Vedant as his co-pilot. He makes the same movements that he did on the night of the landing, this time wearing an eye cap over his eyes, to assure Vedant that he can land flights without seeing. He is suspended for three months, but is praised for his skill.


Communist Party of Byelorussia

The Communist Party of Byelorussia (CPB; ; ) was the ruling communist party of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic, a republic of the Soviet Union from 1922, that existed from 1917 to 1993.

The party was founded in 1917 as the Communist Party (Bolsheviks) of Byelorussia following the Russian Revolution of 1917. It was part of the Russian Communist Party (bolsheviks) led by Vladimir Lenin on December 30–31, 1918 with 17,800 members. 

It was important in creating the Byelorussian Soviet Republic in January 1919. It was renamed to the "Communist Party of Byelorussia" in 1952.

Django Sissoko

Django Sissoko (1948 – 4 April 2022) was a Malian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Mali from December 2012 to September 2013. He was Minister of Justice from 1984 to 1988.

Sissoko died on 4 April 2022 in Bamako, Mali.

Jimmy Wang Yu

Wang Yu, also known as "Jimmy Wang" or "Jimmy Wang Yu" (; born Wáng Zhèngquán; 28 March 1943 – 5 April 2022), was a Taiwanese actor, movie director, producer, and screenwriter. He first became famous in 1967 with his starring role in "One-Armed Swordsman" and "The Chinese Boxer" (1970). Wang was born in Shanghai, China. His career began in 1960 and he retired in 2013.

Wang died on April 5, 2022 in Taipei, Taiwan from problems caused by a stroke at the age of 79.

Negus

Negus, typically means a person who is a king or royal member.

Josef Panáček

Josef Panáček (8 September 1937 – 5 April 2022) was a Czechoslovak sport shooter. He won a gold medal in skeet shooting at the 1976 Summer Olympics in Montreal. He was born in Staré Město, Czechoslovakia.

Panáček died on 5 April 2022 at the age of 84.

Héctor Valer

Héctor Valer Pinto (born 4 February 1959) is a Peruvian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Peru from 1 February 2022 to 8 February 2022. 

Aníbal Torres

Aníbal Torres Vásquez (born 28 December 1942) is a Peruvian lawyer, jurist and politician. He was the current Prime Minister of Peru from 8 February 2022 to 26 November 2022. He was also Minister of Justice and Human Rights from July 2021 to February 2022 under the government of Pedro Castillo.

In August 2022, Torres announced his resignation as prime minister over personal reasons, however his resignation was rejected by President Castillo. In November 2022, Torres resigned again and was replaced by Betssy Chávez

2022 Peruvian protests

The 2022 Peruvian protests are protests across Peru that happened for less than a month. They were against the country's rising inflation and disapproval of President Pedro Castillo. 

The protests, organized by the leader of the Union of Multimodal Transport Guilds of Peru (UGTRANM) Geovani Rafael Diez Villegas.

Inflation has been rising due to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. Protests began days after an effort to impeach President Castillo failed on 29 March 2022. After rioting on 4 April 2022, President Castillo declared a state of emergency and enforced an all-day curfew on the capital city of Lima for 5 April.

On 18 April 2022, Pedro Castillo declared a state of emergency which effectively ended the protests.

Los Lobos

Los Lobos (, Spanish for "the Wolves") is an American rock band from East Los Angeles, California. Their music is inspired by rock and roll, Tex-Mex, country, zydeco, folk, R&B, blues, brown-eyed soul, and traditional music such as cumbia, boleros and norteños. 

They began well known in 1987, when their version of Ritchie Valens' "La Bamba" topped the charts in the U.S., the UK, and other countries.

In 2015, they were nominated for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame. They are also known for performing the theme song for "Handy Manny".

Christopher Rankin

Christopher Rankin (1788 – March 14, 1826) was an attorney and politician from Pennsylvania. He moved to the Mississippi Territory in 1809. He was a delegate to the state constitutional convention in 1817, and was later elected as a U.S. representative for several terms, serving from 1819 to 1826.

Harry Winks

Harry Billy Winks [born 2 February 1996] is an English professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for for EFL Championship club Leicester City and has played for the England national football team.

In the 2018-19 season, he reached the final of the Champions League with his team, but lost to Liverpool 0–2.

Harry Winks has Spanish ancestry through his grandparents, but was born and raised in Hemel Hempstead, England.

He has been a fan of Tottenham Hotspur from a young age and went to his first match at the age of six. He was invited to join the academy for the football club when he was five after visiting a summer camp organised by a youth coach.

Tottenham Hotspur


Keith Scott

Keith Scott (born 28 October 1953) is an Australian voice actor, comedian, impressionist and animation historian.

Scott was born in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia.
He is best known as the current voice of the character Bullwinkle J. Moose since 1992, and voiced the character in the 2000 movie "The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle", and for his vocal range, which he often used to voice cartoon characters such as Bugs Bunny, Daffy Duck, Tweety, Sylvester, the Tasmanian Devil, Foghorn Leghorn, Popeye, Boris J. Badenov, Fearless Leader, Dudley Do-Right and others.

He has also provided voices for a number of Australian animations such as Yoram Gross's "Dot" movies, "Blinky Bill" (in which he also sang the original version of the theme song for the first season), "Tabaluga", "Skippy: Adventures in Bushtown" and "Flippy and Lopaka".

ISO 3166-2:AU

ISO 3166-2:AU is the entry for Australia in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:BA

ISO 3166-2:BA is the entry for Bosnia and Herzegovina in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:AW

ISO 3166-2:AW is the entry for Aruba in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:DK

ISO 3166-2:DK is the entry for Denmark in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:MA

ISO 3166-2:MA is the entry for Morocco in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:MC

ISO 3166-2:MC is the entry for Monaco in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:LV

ISO 3166-2:LV is the entry for Latvia in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:LU

ISO 3166-2:LU is the entry for Luxembourg in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:ME

ISO 3166-2:ME is the entry for Montenegro in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like, provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Branislav Šoškić

Branislav Šoškić (19 November 1922 – 4 April 2022) was a Montenegrin politician. He was the President of the Socialist Republic of Montenegro's Presidency from 1985 to 1986. He was a member of the League of Communists of Montenegro. Šoškić was born in Gusinje, Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes. He was member of the European Academy of Sciences and Arts and the Montenegrin Academy of Sciences and Arts. He was its President from 1981 to 1985.

Šoškić died on 4 April 2022 in Belgrade, Serbia at the age of 99.

Radivoje Brajović

Radivoje Brajović (born 11 January 1935) is a Montenegrin politician. He was the President of the Presidency of the Socialist Republic of Montenegro from May 1986 to May 1988 and the President of its Executive Council from 1982 until 1986. He was a member of the League of Communists of Montenegro and the League of Communists of Yugoslavia. He was born in Peć, Kingdom of Yugoslavia.

Socialist Republic of Montenegro

The Socialist Republic of Montenegro ( / Социјалистичка Република Црна Гора), also known as Socialist Montenegro or simply Montenegro, was one of the six republics forming the Socialist Federal Republic of Yugoslavia and the nation state of the Montenegrins. It is modern-day Montenegro.
It’s capital was Titograd, which after drafting new constitution in 1992 was renamed to Podgorica.

Minister of Transport and Communications (Finland)

The Minister of Transport and Communications (, ) is one of the Finnish Government's ministers. The Minister of Transport and Communications is in charge of the Ministry of Transport and Communications. 

The current minister is Timo Harakka of the Social Democratic Party.

Timo Harakka

Timo Olavi Harakka (born 31 December 1962) is a Finnish politician. He has represented the electoral district of Uusimaa in the Parliament of Finland as a Social Democrat since 2015.

In June 2019, Harakka was made Minister of Employment in the Rinne Cabinet. He later joined the Marin Cabinet as Minister of Transport and Communications.

Deputy Prime Minister of Finland

The Deputy Prime Minister of Finland (, , "Finland's Prime Minister's Substitute"), officially titled the Minister deputising for the Prime Minister, is a member of the Finnish Government who becomes the acting Prime Minister. They have usually been the Minister of Finance as well.

The current Deputy Prime Minister of Finland is Annika Saarikko.

Annika Saarikko

Annika Virpi Irene Saarikko (born 10 November 1983) is a Finnish politician and minister. On 5 September 2020, she was elected as the leader of the Finnish Centre Party. In 2020, she became the Deputy Prime Minister of Finland.

Katri Kulmuni

Katri Briitta Ilona Kulmuni (born 4 September 1987) is a Finnish politician. She was the leader of the Centre Party of Finland and Deputy Prime Minister of Finland from 2019 until 2020.

Social Democratic Party of Finland

The Social Democratic Party of Finland (SDP, ; ), shortened to the Social Democrats (; ) and also known in Finnish as Demarit (), is a social-democratic political party in Finland. It is currently the largest party in the Parliament of Finland with 40 seats.

Melilla Airport

Melilla Airport is an airport in Melilla, an exclave of Spain in Africa. The airport is located about southwest of the city, near the border with Morocco. On March 24, 2014, the Spanish government announced that they will rename the airport after last Prime Minister of Spain Adolfo Suarez. 

The terminal has a total of 6 check-in counters, 3 boarding gates and 2 baggage reclaim carousels. It also has a Support Office for Passengers, Users and Clients / It is in charge of processing the suggestions of the passengers on the services and facilities of the airport. It also has claim forms from Aena Aeropuertos; Security control, passport control and a Melilla Turismo Stand in the arrivals area.


The following airlines operate regular scheduled and charter flights at Melilla Airport:

Number of passengers, operations and cargo since the year 2000:




Nice Côte d'Azur Airport

Nice Côte d'Azur Airport () is an international airport located southwest of Nice, in the Alpes-Maritimes "départment" of France.

University of Tampere

The University of Tampere (UTA) (, ) was a public university in Tampere, Finland that was merged with Tampere University of Technology to create the new Tampere University on 1 January 2019.

LGBT parenting

LGBT parenting is about lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) people raising one or more children as parents or foster care parents. This includes: children raised by same-sex couples, children raised by single LGBT parents, and children raised by an opposite-sex couple where at least one partner is LGBT. 

This has been controversial since some critics believe that children raised with LGBT parents might develop mental issues; however this is not scientifically proven.

Kesäranta

Kesäranta (lit. "summer shore", ) is the official residence of the Prime Minister of Finland. It is in the Helsinki neighborhood of Meilahti.

The residence is owned by the Finnish Government through Senate Properties. It has a prohibited airspace zone.

Hari Hara Veera Mallu

Hari Hara Veera Mallu is an upcoming Indian Telugu-language period action-adventure movie that shows the life of legendary outlaw Veera Mallu. It is directed by Krish Jagarlamudi. The movie stars Pawan Kalyan in the title role. It also includes Nidhhi Agerwal, Arjun Rampal and Nargis Fakhri. The story is set in the 17th century in the Mughal Empire. 

The movie began its production in September 2020. It was scheduled for release on 29 April 2022 in Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Hindi languages, but unfortunately, the movie was postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic. The production also experienced delays because of Kalyan's other movies and political commitments. The movie is now planned to release on March 30, 2023.

Set in the Mughal Era, outlaw Veera Mallu must steal the Koh-i-Noor diamond from the Mughals.


Pacores

Pacores or Pakores (Greek: ΠΑΚΟΡΗϹ "Pakorēs"; Kharosthi: 𐨤𐨐𐨂𐨪 ', '; Aramaic: pkwry) (100–135 AD) was a king. He ruled in the Indo-Parthian Kingdom in Arachosia from 100–130 AD. He ruled after Ubouzanes. He minted many coins.


Matías Novoa

Matías Novoa (June 14, 1980, Valparaíso, Chile) is a Chilean-Mexican Actor and Model, known for starring in several soap operas on TV Azteca.

Factor (social)

Social factors are characteristics of individuals or groups that affect thought or behavior in social contexts and influence outcomes. An example of social factors is attitudes.

On Dangerous Ground

On Dangerous Ground is a 1951 American spy crime drama movie directed by Nicholas Ray and was based on the 1945 novel "Mad with Much Heart" by Gerald Butler. It stars Ida Lupino, Robert Ryan, Ward Bond, Charles Kemper, Ian Wolfe, Ed Begley and was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


Little Free Library

Little Free Library is a nonprofit organization that helps people share books. It usually does this by using public bookcases. The organization works to make books more available to many kinds of readers.

There are more than 90,000 Little Free Library locations registered with the organization. They are in 91 countries. Millions of books are exchanged each year through these libraries.

Little Free Library is based in Hudson, Wisconsin, United States. It is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization.

The first Little Free Library was built in 2009 in Hudson, Wisconsin. It was built by Todd Bol. Bol put a wooden container on a post on his lawn and filled it with books. It was designed to look like a one-room schoolhouse. The library was to honor his mother. His mother was a school teacher who had recently died and she loved books. Bol and his partner built and installed more of the libraries in different areas of the Midwestern United States.

Little Free Library became an incorporated nonprofit organization on May 16, 2012. The Internal Revenue Service recognized Little Free Library as a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization later that year.

Bol originally wanted to create 2,510 Little Free Libraries. That is more than the number of libraries founded by Andrew Carnegie. The goal was met in 2012.

Little Free Libraries were also built in other countries. By November 2016, there were 50,000 registered Little Free Libraries in 85 countries. Margret Aldrich wrote "The Little Free Library Book" about them. In August 2019, there were more than 90,000 Little Free Libraries in 91 countries around the world.

The Little Free Library nonprofit has been honored by the National Book Foundation, the Library of Congress, "Library Journal", and others for its work promoting literacy and a love of reading.

The Little Free Library organization has donated book exchanges through their Impact Library Program. It created a reading program called the Action Book Club. The program combines reading with community service.

At a Little Free Library location, a person can take a book to read or leave one for someone else to find. Volunteers build, install, and take care of the boxes.
For a book exchange box to be registered and legally use the Little Free Library brand, the volunteer must do one of three things:

Registered Little Free Libraries can appear on the Little Free Library World Map. That map lists the libraries with GPS coordinates and other information.

There are Little Free Libraries in many shapes and sizes. Some are small, brightly painted wooden houses. One is a larger library that looks like Doctor Who's TARDIS.



Micromonospora kangleipakensis

Micromonospora kangleipakensis is a species of bacteria. It belongs to the genus "Micromonospora". It belongs to the family "Micromonosporaceae". It is named after "Kangleipak" (another name of Manipur). Its type strain is DSM 45612; JCM 17696; MBRL 34.

It is an aerobic bacteria. It can survive and grow in an oxygenated environment. It forms spores. It is in nature. It grows best in moderate temperature, neither too hot nor too cold. It is an .
It was isolated from a sample of limestone quarry in "Hungpung" region of Kangleipak (Manipur).

"Micromonospora kangleipakensis DSM 45612" is positive in gram stain. It has cell width of 0.87 µm.
It was cultured in the medium of "Gym Streptomyces Medium (DSMZ Medium 65)".

It grows under different temperatures. 

"Micromonospora kangleipakensis" is an aerobic bacteria. So, it has good tolerance for oxygen. It also has the good ability of spore formation. There are quinones of MK-10(H6), MK-10(H2) MK-11(H4), MK-10(H4) observed in it.

During the carbon source type of metabolite utilisation testing, metabolites like alanine, glutamate, leucine, mannose and serine are found.

ISO 3166-2:BG

ISO 3166-2:BG is the entry for Bulgaria in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:CA

ISO 3166-2:CA is the entry for Canada in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:SK

ISO 3166-2:SK is the entry for Slovakia in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:PL

ISO 3166-2:PL is the entry for Poland in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:PF

ISO 3166-2:PF is the entry for French Polynesia in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

ISO 3166-2:TL

ISO 3166-2:TL is the entry for Timor-Leste in ISO 3166-2, it is part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which makes codes for the names of the subdivisions (like provinces or states) of all countries coded in ISO 3166-1.

Trachycephalus mambaiensis

Trachycephalus mambaiensis is a species of frog that lives in Brazil.

Wonka (movie)

Wonka is a 2023 musical fantasy movie directed by Paul King, who co-wrote the screenplay with Simon Farnaby. It is a prequel to the 1964 novel "Charlie and the Chocolate Factory" by Roald Dahl and stars Timothée Chalamet as the title character, following his early days as an eccentric chocolatier. Keegan-Michael Key, Paterson Joseph, Matt Lucas, Mathew Baynton, Sally Hawkins, Rowan Atkinson, Jim Carter, Tom Davis, Olivia Colman and Hugh Grant star in supporting roles in the movie.

"Wonka" was released in the United Kingdom on 8 December 2023 and in the United States on 15 December 2023, by Warner Bros. Pictures.

Willy Wonka, an aspiring magician, inventor, and chocolatier, arrives in Europe to establish his chocolate shop at the Galeries Gourmet. Burning through his meager savings, he is coerced to stay at Mrs. Scrubitt's boardinghouse by her henchman Bleacher and, despite orphan Noodle's warning about the fine print, signs a contract because he is illiterate. To pay them off, Wonka introduces "hoverchocs", chocolates that make people fly, facing mockery from three rival chocolatiers – Arthur Slugworth, Felix Fickelgruber and Gerald Prodnose – who call the Chief of Police to confiscate his earnings for selling without a chocolate store.

Unable to pay the exorbitant fees imposed on him by the contract, Wonka is captured and forced to work in a launderette for Mrs. Scrubitt alongside other captives: Abacus Crunch, Piper Benz, Larry Chucklesworth, Lottie Bell, and Noodle. Learning of a cartel consisting of the rival chocolatiers; with Slugworth as the leader, who exploit the police chief's weakness for chocolate to force Wonka to leave town, Wonka makes his escape with the help of Noodle; while he promises her a lifetime supply of chocolates, she promises to teach him how to read. Wonka tells Noodle that his affinity for chocolate stems from his late mother, and mentions the theft of his chocolates by an enigmatic small orange man who has been stealing them for years. To produce his signature chocolate, Wonka and Noodle travel to the local zoo, milking Abigail the giraffe. Together with other the launderette workers, they embark on a chocolate selling crusade to alleviate their debts while using tunnels underneath the city to evade Scrubitt and the chief. Unmasking an Oompa Loompa named Lofty as the thief, Wonka discovers that the Oompa Loompa seeks retribution for the cocoa beans Wonka took from Loompaland years ago under Lofty's watch before he escapes by duping Wonka.

Using the funds raised from selling chocolates, the laundrette workers opened Wonka's dream chocolate store. The Chocolate Cartel and the chief, now unable to arrest him since he has a legitimate shop, expose him to Scrubitt. Infusing his chocolates with Yeti sweat, Scrubitt incites chaos among the customers, leading to the destruction of Wonka's store. Wonka agrees to the cartel's offer to leave town by ship to pay off everyone's debts. All of the workers are released from the launderette except Noodle; Slugworth pays Scrubitt to keep her there indefinitely, and she is locked in the pigeon coop. Wonka deduces that Noodle is Slugworth's niece, before he and Lofty are forced to jump off the boat that has been rigged to explode. After rescuing Noodle with the help of the group, they devise a strategy to obtain the cartel's incriminating account book.

Taking advantage of Abigail's distraction, Wonka and Noodle infiltrate the cartel's base. They are confronted by the cartel, who reveal that Noodle, who was reported dead to her mother, was left by Slugworth to Scrubitt to eliminate her claim to the family fortune. The cartel attempts to drown Wonka and Noodle in chocolate, but Lofty rescues them and they unveil the cartel's misdeeds to the authorities and the public. After eating an entire stock of "hoverchocs", the Cartel ends up flying in the air with no way to come down. Wonka's friends release the cartel's chocolate reserve through a fountain, laced with Wonka's unique ingredients, ruining the cartel's enterprise, while the Chief-of-Police is arrested after the payments made to him are revealed. The crowd revels in tasting Wonka's chocolate fountain, and Wonka unwraps the last chocolate bar his mother had given him, discovering a golden paper with a message that says what matters is "who you share the chocolate with". He reunites Noodle with her mother, settles his debt with Lofty, and finds an abandoned castle for sale to commence building his factory with Lofty as his tasting chef.

In an epilogue, Scrubitt and Bleacher are arrested after their attempt to eliminate evidence of sabotaging Wonka's shop backfires, and the rest of Wonka’s friends return to their old lives.


The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle

The Adventures of Rocky and Bullwinkle is a 2000 American live-action/animated adventure slapstick comedy movie directed by Des McAnuff and produced by Universal Pictures, based on the television series of the same name by Jay Ward. The animated characters Rocky and Bullwinkle share the screen with live actors portraying Fearless Leader (Robert De Niro, who also co-produced the movie), Boris Badenov (Jason Alexander) and Natasha Fatale (Rene Russo) along with Randy Quaid, Piper Perabo, Kenan Thompson and Kel Mitchell. June Foray reprises her role as Rocky, while Keith Scott (no relation to original voice actor Bill Scott) voiced Bullwinkle and the movie's narrator. It also features cameo appearances by performers including James Rebhorn, Paget Brewster, Janeane Garofalo, John Goodman, David Alan Grier, Don Novello, Jon Polito, Carl Reiner, Whoopi Goldberg, Max Grodénchik, Norman Lloyd, Jonathan Winters and Billy Crystal. The movie follows a young rookie FBI agent named Karen Sympathy enlisting the help of Rocky and Bullwinkle to stop Boris, Natasha and Fearless Leader from taking over the United States.

Released on June 30, 2000, the movie was a box office bomb, grossing $35.1 million worldwide against its $76 million budget and received generally mixed reviews with criticism towards its writing, plot, and humor while praising the performances, visual effects and faithfulness to its source material.


In October 1998, it was announced that Monica Potter had been cast as the lead role of Karen Sympathy. Robert De Niro was also announced to be in negotiations for the role of Fearless Leader, with Des McAnuff set to direct from Kenneth Lonergan's screenplay. In November 1998, Jason Alexander was cast as Boris Badenov. In January 1999, Rene Russo was cast as Natasha Fatale. In February 1999, Potter dropped out from playing Karen and was replaced by Piper Perabo.


Sanabares

Sanabares (Greek: ϹΑΝΑΒΑΡΟΥ "Sanabarou"; 135-160 CE) was an Indo-Parthian king. He was the last Indo-Parthian king to rule in Sakastan and south Arachosia.


Engin Baytar

Engin Baytar (born 11 July 1983) is a Turkish professional footballer who plays as a winger for İstanbul Siirtgücüspor.





Brian Behrendt

Brian Behrendt (born 24 October 1991) is a German professional footballer who plays as a centre-back for 2. Bundesliga club Eintracht Braunschweig.

Behrendt started playing football with local clubs Bremervörder SC and TuS Heeslingen. In 2006, he joined the youth squad of Hamburger SV, but transferred to Rapid Wien at the age of 16 when his father moved to Austria for work. He advanced through the club's youth system and made his debut for the second team in a 3–0 win against SV Mattersburg II in Regional League East on 5 March 2010. He joined First League side SV Horn on loan in January 2013 for the rest of the 2012–13 season.

After returning to Rapid Wien, Behrendt made his first-team debut as an extra-time substitute in an Austrian Cup penalty shootout defeat to LASK Linz on 14 July 2013. He missed most of the 2014–15 season with a broken metatarsal, and he joined Arminia Bielefeld in July 2015.

In December 2020 it was announced Behrendt would move to Eintracht Braunschweig in January 2021, having agreed a contract until summer 2023.

Johann Philipp Kirnberger

Johann Philipp Kirnberger (24 April 1721 27 July 1783) was a composer and music theorist. 

Kirnberger was born on 24 April 1721 in Saalfeld. He learned to play the violin and harpsichord at his home. He learned to play the organ with J. P. Kellner. In 1739, he went to Leipzig. He studied music with Johann Sebastian Bach for two years. In 1741 he went to Poland, where he worked as a musician. He returned to Germany in 1751. That year, he became a violinist (somebody who plays the violin) in the Prussian court chapel. In 1758, he became the music director for Princess Anna Amalia of Prussia.

He worked as a composer and music teacher for Princess Anna. During this time, he started writing about music theory. Kirnberger died on 27 July 1783 in Berlin after a period of sickness.

Kirnberger was a famous music theorist. He wrote about counterpoint, music theory, tuning, and figured bass. However, he was not a good writer. He had to ask other people to help him write and edit his ideas. His writing is often confusing to read. 

He often praised J. S. Bach's in his writing. He thought that Bach's way of writing music is the best way. He tried to explain Bach's way of writing music in his book, (English: "Art of Pure Writing").

He created three musical temperaments. A musical temperament is how each note in an instrument is tuned. His first temperament is based on Pythagoras' temperament. His third temperament is often used to play baroque music. 

He created a way to write music using a pair of dice. This was published in (English: "The polonaise and minuet composer who is always ready"). A pair of dice is thrown. Then, the numbers on the dice is used to search a bar of melody from a table. This bar is added to the music. There are formula_1 minuets from Kirnberger's original table.

March Forward, Dear Mother Ethiopia

March Forward, Dear Mother Ethiopia (), is the current national anthem of Ethiopia, adopted in 1992.

Far Cry

Far Cry is a franchise of first-person shooter games published by Ubisoft. The first game to the franchise, named "Far Cry," was developed by Crytek to show their CryEngine software, which was released in March 2004. Ubisoft later got the rights to the franchise and began making newer games using a modified version of CryEngine. Far Cry is known for its open world gameplay.

The first "Far Cry" game was made by German studio Crytek using their CryEngine software. Crytek wanted to create a realistic outdoor spaces with their game engine, which was advanced compared with other game engines at the time. "Far Cry" released in March 2004 for Microsoft Windows and sold 730,000 units in the first four months.

After the release, Crytek stopped working with Ubisoft and signed a deal in July 2004 to make a gaming franchise with another publisher called Electronic Arts, which became the "Crysis" franchise. In March 2006, Ubisoft got the legal rights to the "Far Cry" series and a license for the CryEngine version used in the making of "Far Cry". Ubisoft Montreal became the main studio for making all future "Far Cry" games.

"Far Cry 2" was announced by Ubisoft in July 2007, with two large changes from the previous "Far Cry" games. First, the game use the Dunia Engine, a modified version of the licensed CryEngine by Ubisoft Montreal. The Dunia Engine creates a completely open-world game with realistic physics and destroyable environments. Secondly, "Far Cry 2" is more open-ended than "Far Cry," that means the player get to create their own stories with the other characters using an advanced artificial intelligence system.

"Far Cry 2" was released in October 2008 and sold over 2.9 million units by 2009.

After the release of Far Cry 2, Ubisoft Montreal made a newer version of the Dunia Engine to allow some open-world features such as weather system, which was shown in the next game of the series. "Far Cry 3" was announced in 2011 and released in November 2012, it still received positive reviews and had sold more than 10 million units by 2014.

Crytek

Crytek GmbH is a German video game developer and software developer based in Frankfurt. It was founded by the Yerli brothers in Coburg in 1999 and moved to Frankfurt in 2006, Crytek also have studios in Kyiv and Istanbul.


Federal Statistical Office of Germany

The Federal Statistical Office (, shortened "Destatis") is a federal authority of Germany. It reports to the Federal Ministry of the Interior. The office is responsible for keeping track of statistical information about the economy, society and environment. They provide qualitative information for the public.
About 2300 staff members are employed in the departments in Wiesbaden, Bonn and Berlin.

Kamen Rider Drive

Kamen Rider Drive is a Japanese tokusatsu television series, Kamen Rider franchise.

Super Hero Time "Ressha Sentai ToQger" and then "Shuriken Sentai Ninninger".








Tea in the United Kingdom

Tea was first introduced in the 17th century and ever since associated with the British culture. It became one of Britain's favorite brewing drinks with about 2 kilograms of consumed dry tea per person a year. Today tea is Britain's national drink and it belongs to one of Britain's common stereotypes. It is so integrated into the lives of British people to the point they invented the word "cuppa" for "a cup of tea".

In the early 17th century, Dutch and Portuguese traders were shipping tea from various Asian countries to Europa. Tea became more and more popular and was introduced to a larger crowd in the year 1651. A few years later in 1657, Thomas Garway was the first person who sold tea in his in London. At that time tea was not consumed for recreational but more for medical purposes, against illnesses and diseases. Tea was an exclusive product that only a small group of wealthy people could afford. In the year 1662, as Queen Catherine of Braganza brought tea to the royal court, it became trendy among monarchs and wealthy people. At this point, tea was not just consumed for medical purposes anymore, but as a lifestyle product.

In 1664, the British East India Company placed its first order of Chinese tea. Even though only a few people could afford the expensive product, it gained popularity, and by 1750 they imported Chinese tea worth millions of pounds. 

As the popularity of tea is growing the British Crown saw a new source of income, and because of that reason, they increased the tax on imported tea to 119%. Due to high import taxes on tea, people started to smuggle tea or sell low-quality tea which could be dangerous to consume. Most of these problems were gone, after decreasing the taxes on imported tea to 12.5% in the year 1784. 

In the 19th century, tea became much cheaper, because of the low import taxes, also they began growing tea in their colonies in India and Sri Lanka. Its popularity reaches working-class households, where tea was served with the main meal. This meal has become known as high tea.

Nowadays Afternoon tea or low tea is a rare occasion, due to the lack of time in modern society. But in the 18th century, wealthy women would meet up at around 4 p.m. and drink tea together. made the afternoon tea fashionable, because of her unregulated dinner time she would drink a cup of tea served with bread and butter, in the afternoon as a dinner replacement. The afternoon tea was extremely popular among her and her royal friends, so they also held their own afternoon tea ceremony.

A formal tea set is made of fine bone china, porcelain, or silver and includes a teapot, cups and saucers, a creamer for holding milk, and a sugar bowl, all carried on a tray.

There are more than 3000 varieties of tea with completely different taste profiles in this world. These are the 6 most consumed tea types in Great Britain.

Black tea has its famous dark color because of the long oxidation process of the leaves. The taste is bold and brisk and the tea contains caffeine that perfectly can replace coffee. Usually, you can add milk, sugar, or lemon to your black tea.

Earl Grey is a black tea variety, but it has a fruitier flavor, because of the bergamot. This tea is usually served without milk. Its name came from the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom Charles Grey in 1830, after China gifted him this tea.

English breakfast is a blend of black tea. The taste may be slightly sweet, bitter, or malty and is served with milk and sugar

Green tea is popular for its health benefits. Consumers describe its tastes as less bitter and refreshing and without the need for sweetening.

Oolong tea is a semi-fermented Chinese Tea with a woody to fruity flavor, depending on the manufacturing process. 

Herbal tea is currently trending among younger people, because of its high health beneficial effects. Herbal teas are made of fruit and herbal-based plants.



Rodrigo Chaves Robles

Rodrigo Alberto de Jesús Chaves Robles (born 10 June 1961) is a Costa Rican politician. He is the 49th President of Costa Rica since 2022. Chaves was Minister of Finance during the presidency of Carlos Alvarado Quesada from 2019 until 2020.

José María Figueres

José María Figueres Olsen (born 24 December 1954) is a Costa Rican businessman and politician. He was President of Costa Rica from 1994 to 1998. He also ran for president in the 2022 but lost to Rodrigo Chaves Robles.

José María Figueres is the son of José Figueres Ferrer, who was a three-time President of Costa Rica. His mother, Karen Olsen Beck, an American social worker born to Danish immigrant parents, later adopted Costa Rican nationality.

Area code 704

Area code 704 is an area code for North Carolina. It was one of the first area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire state but after it was split by 919 in 1954 and 828 in 1998. It now covers the Charlotte area. It consists of towns such as Concord, Indian Trail, Charlotte, Cornelius, Cherryville, Huntersville, and Albemarle. It was overlaid by 980 in 2000.

Radiodonta

Radiodonta is an extinct order of ancient arthropods that was successful during the Cambrian period. They can be called radiodonts and radiodontans along with other names.

Radiodonts are identified by distinct appendages on their faces, which are diverse and can do a lot of things. Some of the earliest top predators, such as "Anomalocaris" are Radiodonts, but some others, such as "Aegirocassis" were filter feeders, eating by filtering food out of the water around them.

Area code 803

Area code 803 is an area code for South Carolina. It was one of the earliest area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire state, but after it was split by 864 in 1995 and 843 in 1998, it now covers the middle of the state, including its capital city Columbia. It was overlaid by 839 on May 26, 2020.

The Escapists 2

The Escapists 2 is a 2017 simulation strategy role playing video game. It is about escaping prisons. The game is a sequel to "The Escapists" (2015).

Viola Desmond

Viola Irene Desmond (July 6, 1914 – February 7, 1965) was a civil rights activist in Canada.

In 1946 she went into a segregated part of a movie theatre and would not leave. Then she was charged with tax evasion because the seats cost one cent less there. This event turned into a very well-known example of discrimination. Desmond was born in 1914 and died in 1965. She was pardoned from the tax evasion charge in 2010. 

Area code 705

Area code 705 is an area code for Ontario. It was created in 1957 as a split from area codes 613 and 519. It was overlaid by 249 in 2011. That same area was overlaid by 683 on June 18, 2022.

Khodadad Rezakhani

Khodadad Rezakhani (Persian: خداداد رضاخانی, born 1976) is an Iranian historian. He was an associate research scholar for the Sharmin and Bijan Mossavar-Rahmani Center for Iran and Persian Gulf Studies at Princeton University from 2016 to 2020. Rezakhani is also the founder of the website Iranologie.com. It a website that talks about the history of Iran since 1997.





Far Cry (video game)

Far Cry is a 2004 first-person shooter game made by Crytek and published by Ubisoft. It is the first game in the "Far Cry" franchise. 

Asturleonese language

Asturleonese () is a Romance language spoken mainly in the autonomous communities of Asturias, northwestern León and Cantabria, and also in some parts of Portugal. Asturleonese is a dialect continuum, speakers of "Leonese", "Cantabrian and" "Asturian" "(Mirandese" in Portugal) are mutually intelligible, meaning they can understand each other. Asturleonese has been classified by UNESCO as an endangered language, because it is being replaced by the Spanish language.

Beast (2022 Indian movie)

Beast is a 2022 Indian Tamil-language action comedy movie written and directed by Nelson and produced by Sun Pictures. The movie stars Vijay and Pooja Hegde in lead roles. Selvaraghavan, Yogi Babu, and Redin Kingsley play supporting roles. It revolves around an ex-RAW agent's crusade to rescue people held hostage in a shopping mall by terrorists.

The production rights of Vijay's 65th movie as lead actor were acquired by Sun Pictures in early January 2020. It was titled "Thalapathy 65". The movie was set to be written and directed by AR Murugadoss. However, the producers ousted Murugadoss from the movie in October 2020, after he refused to cut his renumeration. Nelson was later hired and he wrote a new script for the movie.

With an official announcement during December 2020, the movie began principal photography in April 2021. It wrapped in December. The movie was shot across various locations in Chennai, including a specially designed set resembling that of a shopping mall where most of the movie was shot. Sporadic schedules took place in Delhi and Georgia. The music was composed by Anirudh Ravichander, cinematography was handled by Manoj Paramahamsa, editing by R. Nirmal and production design supervised by D. R. K. Kiran.

The movie was released in theaters on 13 April 2022. It received mixed reviews from critics and the audience.


Additionally, director Nelson, music composer Anirudh and choreographer Jani appear in cameo appearances as themselves in the song "Jolly O Gymkhana".

Knorr (brand)

Knorr (, ), is a German brand of soups and drinks, belonging to the Anglo-Dutch conglomerate since the 2000s Unilever, it was founded in 1838 by Carl Heinrich Theodor Knorr. Knorr headquarters are in Heilbronn, Germany. Previously products sold under the Lipton brand.

By 2000, the Knorr is available in ninety countries

The brand is engaged in the sale of dehydrated soups, soup mixes, condiments and bouillon cubes.

Great Plains wolf

The Great Plains wolf ("Canis lupus nubilus") is an extinct subspecies of grey wolf. It is also called the buffalo wolf or loafer. It once lived in the Great Plains. The subspecies was declared extinct in 1926.

Thomas Say documented the Great Plains wolf in 1823. He was the first person to record "prairie wolves" (coyotes) and Great Plains wolves as different animals. He named it "Canis nubilus". Say wrote that the Great Plains wolf was more fierce and powerful than the red wolf or coyote.

The Great Plains wolf once lived in the Great Plains, from southern Manitoba and Saskatchewan to northern Texas.

The Great Plains wolf was described as a large wolf with light-colored fur. However, some of them had fur that was all white or all black. The body length is 1.7 m (5.6 ft). The average weight of a male was 100lb (45 kg). The heaviest one recorded was 150 lb (58kg). The Native Americans of North Dakota told stories about how only three of these wolves could bring down a bison.

There used to be many of these wolves living in the Great Plains. When the American bison was being killed, Great Plains wolves were also being poisoned and trapped for their pelts. Alexander Henry wrote that they were bold around humans, and fed on the dead bodies of bison. He recorded that Native Americans dug up wolf pups from their dens in the prairie. They also dug large pitfalls to capture wolves and foxes. Members of Henry's group dug up wolf pups and found them very tame and easy to train. In 1833, the explorer Maximilian of Wied-Neuwied recorded that these wolves were common in the upper part of Missouri. There, Native Americans had wolf pits and traded wolves to him for tobacco. He thought that the Native American's dogs were more dangerous to humans than the wolves.

In 1856, Lt. G. K. Warren studied Great Plains wolf skulls and found that some of them were not full-blooded wolves. There have been many stories about violent hybrid wolf-dogs. It is possible that the Great Plains wolf's tameness and lack of fear of humans might be because they were mixed with domestic dogs. In North Dakota, by 1875 sightings of the wolf became rare, and by 1877 they were almost all gone. In North Dakota, two were sighted in 1915 by Remington Kellogg. The last known wolf was shot in 1922. The Great Plains wolf was officially declared extinct in 1926.

Max Grodénchik

Michael "Max" Grodénchik (born November 12, 1952) is an American stage, movie and television actor, best known for his role as Rom, a recurring character on the television series "".

Boyd Hilton

Andrew John Boyd Hilton FBA (born 19 January 1944) is a British historian. He is a professor and fellow of Trinity College, Cambridge. He specialises in modern British history.

Karol Divín

Karol "Karcsi" Emil Divín (born Karol Finster; 22 February 1936 – 6 April 2022) was a Hungarian-born Slovak-Czech figure skater who represented Czechoslovakia. He was the 1960 Olympic silver medalist. He also was a two-time European champion (1958–59), and a two-time World medalist. He was born in Budapest, Hungary.

Divín died on 6 April 2022 in Brno, Czech Republic at the age of 86.

Rae Allen

Raffaella Julia Theresa Abruzzo (July 23, 1926 – April 6, 2022), professionally known as Rae Allen, was an American actress. She was born in New York City. Her career began in 1948. She won a Tony Award in 1971 for her stage performance in "And Miss Reardon Drinks a Little".

Allen died at the age of 95 on April 6, 2022.

Eric Boehlert

Eric Boehlert (December 6, 1965 – April 4, 2022) was an American media critic and writer. He founded Press Run. He was a staff writer for "Salon" for five years. He also was a contributing editor to "Rolling Stone" and as a staff writer at "Billboard". 

Boehlert was killed on April 4, 2022, after being hit by a train in Montclair, New Jersey, while cycling at aged 57.

Jerry Uelsmann

Jerry N. Uelsmann (June 11, 1934 – April 4, 2022) was an American photographer. He was known for his photomontage work. His works helped create the Adobe Photoshop to make surrealistic images. He won the Lucie Award in Fine Art in 2015. 

Uelsmann died on April 4, 2022 in Gainesville, Florida at the age of 87.

Boris Brott

Boris Brott, (March 14, 1944 – April 5, 2022) was a Canadian conductor and motivational speaker. He was one of the most well known Canadian conductors. He performed at Carnegie Hall and Covent Garden. Brott was the founder and artistic director of the National Academy Orchestra of Canada.

Brott was killed after being hit by a car while riding his bike in Hamilton, Ontario on April 5, 2022 at the age of 78.

Joaquim Carvalho

Joaquim da Silva Carvalho (18 April 1937 – 5 April 2022) was a Portuguese footballer who played as a goalkeeper. He made six appearances for the Portugal national football team from 1965 until 1966.

Carvalho died on 5 April 2022, thirteen days before his 85th birthday.

Sporting CP

Portugal

Graciela Giannettasio

Graciela María Giannettasio de Saiegh (20 October 1950 – 5 April 2022) was an Argentine politician. She was a member of the Justicialist Party. She was the Minister of Education during the interim presidency of Eduardo Duhalde from 2002 to 2003. She also was Vice Governor of Buenos Aires Province under Felipe Solá from 2003 to 2007.

From 2007 until 2015, Giannettasio was a National Deputy. She was born in Remedios de Escalada, Argentina.

Giannettasio died on 5 April 2022 in Buenos Aires, Argentina at the age of 71.

Bjarni Tryggvason

Bjarni Valdimar Tryggvason (September 21, 1945 – April 5, 2022) was an Icelandic-born Canadian engineer and a NRC/CSA astronaut. He was a Payload Specialist on Space Shuttle mission STS-85 in 1997. It was a 12-day mission to study changes in the Earth's atmosphere. Tryggvason was born in Reykjavík, Iceland. He grew up in Vancouver, British Columbia.

Tryggvason died on April 5, 2022 at the age of 76.

Raymond Lopez

Raymond Anthony Lopez (born May 26, 1978) is an American politician. He is a member of the Chicago City Council since 2015. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He is seen as a critic of Mayor Lori Lightfoot.

In April 2022, Lopez announced he would run for mayor in the 2023 election. No Chicago City Council member has ever been elected mayor, although two have been appointed to the office to fill vacancies. In November 2022, he dropped out of the race to focus on his re-election campaign for the city council.

Lopez is openly gay. 

2023 Chicago mayoral election

An election for Mayor of Chicago was held on February 28, 2023. Since neither candidate achieved a majority of votes, a runoff election was held on April 4, 2023. Mayor Lori Lightfoot ran for a second term in office since there are no term limits for the office, however lost in the first round of the election, becoming the first one-term Chicago mayor in 40 years.

The runoff was between Paul Vallas, the former CEO of Chicago Public Schools, and Brandon Johnson, a member of the Cook County Board of Commissioners.

The election is officially non-partisan, with its winner being elected to a four-year term. 

Brandon Johnson defeated Paul Vallas in the runoff election, winning 51% of the vote.





Han Duck-soo

Han Duck-soo (; born 18 June 1949) is a South Korean politician. He is the 44th Prime Minister of South Korea since 2022. He was prime minister before in 2006 and from 2007 until 2008. He was the ambassador to the United States from 2009 to 2013. He was Chairman of the Korea International Trade Association from 2012 to 2015.

When he became prime minister again in 2022 at aged 72, Han became the oldest person to be prime minister.

Han Myeong-sook

Han Myeong-sook (born March 24, 1944; ) is a South Korean politician. She was the Prime Minister of South Korea from April 2006 to March 2007. She is South Korea's first female prime minister. She was from the United New Democratic Party (UNDP) as a member of the Korean National Assembly (representative) for Ilsan-gab.

She resigned as Prime Minister on March 7, 2007 and ran for President of South Korea in 2007.

Rockleigh, New Jersey

Rockleigh (pronounced ROCK-lee) is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 407. It is near Alpine.

Alpine, New Jersey

Alpine is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. It is north of Manhattan. 

Panthaplavu

Panthaplavu is one of the Theri (section), in Pattazhy village (which is said to have 9000 acre Land).

By one side of Panthaplavu is the highest place in Pattazhy, called "Mathiramala"; where the Russian monk escaped from the revolution and lived in an Ashram. ( who prayed and healed many sick during his life here). Part of Panthaplavu is Irruppakkuzhy and other side having the paddy fields and the Kallada River.

Gonzalo García Vivanco

Gonzalo García Vivanco (December 25, 1981, Guadalajara, Jalisco), is a Mexican Actor and Model, known for participating in the series "Soy tu fan", and being the antagonist in "Relaciones Peligrosas".

Mercedes-Benz Travego

The Mercedes-Benz Travego is a bus model designed by Mercedes-Benz.

Space habitat

A space habitat or spacestead is a theoretical space station that rotates to simulate gravity and is outfitted like an environment on Earth, with landscaping, a settlement, etc. These would be very big, on the order of 800+ meters in diameter

Proposed designs include but are not limited to

O'Neill cylinders - Tin can shaped spacesteads with habitable space all over the inside with the exception of the ends.

Stanford toruses - Donut shaped habitats in which the land, settlement, water, etc is on the outer part of the interior, leaving the other half to be the sky. These would also have spokes and a central hub in the middle.

Bernal Spheres - Spherical habitats several kilometers in diameter with the whole inner surface being habitable land.

Bishop rings - Essentially smaller Stanford toruses without central spokes.

Birch Worlds - Spherical habitats one or two light-years in diameter built around a galaxy's supermassive black hole

Space habitat can also mean a base or enclosed settlement on or beneath the surface of a planet or large natural satellite or floating in its atmosphere.

Post-scarcity economy

Post-scarcity is a theoretical economic situation. It supposes a situation where most goods could be produced in abundance with minimal human work. Thus they become cheaply available or even free. 

Post-scarcity does not mean that scarcity has been eliminated for "all" goods and services. It supposes people could have their basic survival needs met, plus some significant amount of their desires for goods and services. 

In the present day, the idea of a world without needs is a fiction. Rather, the increasing population of the world may give rise to many problems. In 2017 the United Nations Population Division projected that the world's population will reach about 9.8 billion in 2050 and 11.2 billion in 2100. 

Cybernetic immortality

Cybernetic immortality is a form of immortality that would come about by people replacing their biological body parts with almost indestructible artificial equivalents. Such people would be cyborgs.


Mind uploading

Mind uploading is the theoretical process of uploading the contents of ones brain, possibly even their consciousness onto a digital substrate such as the cloud. The amount of data and computer memory needed to do this would be immense indeed, on the order of millions of terabytes, no current computers have this sort of data capacity.

The Cloud

The Cloud is the global network of internet servers, each with a unique function. These services are located around the world and hooked together to operate as a single "ecosystem".

Kherwal Soren

Kherwal Soren (born 9 December 1957) or Kalipada Soren is a Santhali playwright and editor. He is a Santali Author. 

Kherwal Soren, born as Kalipada Soren in 1957 at Raghunathpur near Jhargram in West Bengal, graduated from Seva Bharati Mahavidyalaya and passed M.A in Political Science from Rabindra Bharati University. He regularly edits a literary magazine "Kherwal Jaher". Soren has written 31 plays and a number of stories and poems in the Santhali language. He translated "Anubhab", a Bengali novel of Dibyendu Palit into Santhali. He received the Sarada Prasad Kisku award for his literary contribution. He retired from State Bank of India. In 2007, Soren was awarded the Sahitya Akademi for his play "Chet Re Cikayana". He was conferred the Padma Shri award in 2022.

Life support system

A life support system is the technology needed to survive in an extremely harsh environment (such as outer space or the bottom of Earth's ocean) including air, climate control etc.
In medical terminology life support systems are where people are hooked up to apparatuses like respirators and monitors while in critical condition.

Simulated gravity

Simulated or artificial gravity is gravity created through artificial means. The most plausible version would be centrifugal or "spin gravity" that would use the rotation of the vessel to simulate gravity.

What a Cartoon!

What A Cartoon! (later known as The What A Cartoon! Show and The Cartoon Cartoon Show) is an animated American television series. It is an anthology series created by Fred Seibert for Cartoon Network. The cartoons were produced by Hanna Barbera Productions. By the end of the series, a Cartoon Network Studios logo was added to some of the cartoons. This was done to show that they were original. The series included 48 cartoons. They were meant to return creative power to animators and artists. It was believed they would do this by recreating the iconic cartoon characters of the mid-20th century. Each of the cartoons folllowed the structure of a theatrical cartoon. Each one was based on an original storyboard drawn and written by its artist or creator. Three of the cartoons were paired together into a half-hour episode.

The series first aired on on February 20, 1995. The cartoons were promoted as "World Premiere Toons". During the original run, the name of the series was changed to "The What A Cartoon! Show" . It was later changed to "The Cartoon Cartoon Show" The series aired until August 23, 2002. 

The series helped revive television animation in the 1990s. It was a launching point for the Cartoon Network animated television series "Dexter’s Laboratory, Johnny Bravo, Courage the Cowardly Dog, Cow and Chicken, I Am Weasel," and "The Powerpuff Girls." Once it had several original cartoons, those became the first Cartoon Cartoons. From 2005 to 2008, "The Cartoon Cartoon Show!" was revived as a block for reruns of older Cartoon Cartoons that had been phased out by the network.

Showdown in Little Tokyo

Showdown in Little Tokyo is a 1991 American action movie directed by Mark L. Lester and starring Dolph Lundgren, Brandon Lee, Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa, Tia Carrere, Rodney Kageyama, Ernie Lively, Renee Griffin. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Cumberland Plateau

The Cumberland Plateau is the southern Appalachian or Cumberland Plateau in the Appalachian Mountains of the United States. 

The Plateau includes parts of Kentucky and Tennessee, northern Alabama and northwest Georgia. 

The terms "Allegheny Plateau" and the "Cumberland Plateau" both refer to the heavily ridged plateau lands west of the main Appalachian Mountains. The terms come from historical usage. Two major rivers share the names of the plateaus, with the Allegheny River rising in the Allegheny Plateau and the Cumberland River rising in the Cumberland Plateau in Harlan County, Kentucky.

This was early coal-mining territory, and the area had some famous and tragic coal mining accidents.

As mentioned in the article Allegheny Mountains, the mountains are the low ground-down rock of a once huge mountain chain. The land ridges are difficult to cross SE to NW (or vice versa), and this lead to mountain folk being semi-isolated from the lower areas to either side of the mountains.

British Somaliland

British Somaliland, officially the Somaliland Protectorate (), was a British protectorate in present-day Somaliland. The territory was bordered by Darawiish, Italian Somaliland, French Somaliland and Abyssinia. From 1940 to 1941, it was occupied by the Italians and was part of Italian East Africa.

Avalonia

Avalonia was a microcontinent in the Palaeozoic era. Parts of this old microcontinent lie under south-west Great Britain, southern Ireland, and the eastern coast of North America. Bits of it are in Europe, Canada, and parts of the East coast of the United States. Avalonia is named after the Avalon Peninsula in Newfoundland.

Avalonia started as a chain of volcanoes on the northern margin of Gondwana. It became a drifting microcontinent. The Iapetus Ocean in front of it slowly shrank. 

Avalonia collided with other continents. It ended up in the middle of Pangaea. When Pangaea broke up, Avalonia's remains were divided by the rift which became the Atlantic Ocean.

That is how it came to be part in western Europe, and part in eastern North America.

Trachycephalus cunauaru

Trachycephalus cunauaru is a frog that lives in the forest and rainforest in Brazil, Bolivia, and Ecuador. Scientists think it might also live in Colombia and Peru. Scientists have seen it as high as 800 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 57.9 to 74.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 74.4 to 84.9 mm long. This frog has a pattern of dark and light brown or gray on its back. Its toes are light green in color.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. The frog spends almost all of its life in the tree branches. It almost never goes to the ground. It lays eggs mostly during the rainy season. The male frog sits on a tree between 2 and 32 meters off the ground. The male frog chooses a place near a hole in the tree that is full of water. The male frog usually chooses the same place each time. Scientists think the male frogs are territorial and might fight each other for good places. The male frog sings for the female frog so she will come to him. The female frog can lay 1000 eggs at one time. She lays her eggs in the water in hole in the tree.

The name "cunauaru" comes from the language of the people who live in the Amazon area. The name sounds a little like the sound the frog makes. It also means "toad wife." It also means the way the male frog calls for the female frog on nights when the moon is bright.

Police Nurse

Police Nurse is a 1963 American crime drama movie directed by Maury Dexter and starring Ken Scott, Merry Anders, Oscar Beregi (Jr.), Byron Morrow, Ivan Bonar, Carol Brewster. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


1440p

1440p is a family of video display resolutions that have a vertical resolution of 1440 pixels. The 1440 pixel vertical resolution is double the vertical resolution of 720p, and one-third more than 1080p. 1440p is commonly used in smartphone screens, and for computer and console gaming as a cheaper alternative to 4K.

Newton Ben Katanha

Newton Ben Katanha (born 3 February 1983) is a Zimbabwean football striker who most recently played for Phnom Penh Crown.


2011–12 FC Augsburg season

The 2011–12 FC Augsburg season was the 105th season in the football club's history and the club's first season in the Bundesliga. The season started on 30 July against Rot-Weiß Oberhausen in the DFB-Pokal. Promotion to the 2011–12 Bundesliga was the peak of a decade-long process started by clothing magnate Walther Seinisch.

2011–12 season was the club's debut season in the Bundesliga.

Municipalities of Portugal

The municipality ( or "concelho") is the second-level administrative subdivision of Portugal, as written in the 1976 Constitution.

São Bento Mansion

São Bento Mansion (), is a late 19th-century mansion that is the official residence of the prime minister of Portugal. It is located in the Lisbon civil parish of Estrela, inside the grounds of São Bento Palace, the seat of the Portuguese parliament.

European Parliament constituency

Members of the European Parliament (MEPs) are elected by the population of the member states of the European Union (EU). The European Electoral Act 2002 lets member states the choice to give electoral subdivisions or constituencies for the European Parliament elections in different ways.

M. Shahinoor Rahman

M. Shahinoor Rahman is a writer, academic, columnist and folklorist in Bangladesh. He is the senior professor of selection grade-1 in the English Department and former Pro-Vice-Chancellor at the Islamic University, Bangladesh. He served as Pro-Vice-Chancellor from 20 February 2013 to 22 February 2021. He gained popularity by writing "Bengali poet Fakir Lalon Shah: oral poetry and tradition in the social context of contemporary Bangladesh" thesis paper. Already, He has already supervised 15 researchers with Phd degree and 3 researchers with Mphil degree by 2020.

Mr. Rahman was born in Kushtia, but was raised in Dhaka and Khulna. His father name is Md. Abdur Rahman a freedom fighter Retired Govt Administrative officer and his mother name is late Diloara Rahman Jostna a housewife.

Dr. Rahman took his primary and secondary education from Dhaka and Khulna. He completed his HSC from Khulna Government City College. He graduated in English with Honors (1986), successfully completed M.A in English with first class first (1987) from the University of Rajshahi. He completed another M.A in Folklore with thesis (1999) equivalent to an M Phil Degree at the Indiana University, Bloomington, USA. Then he was done with his PhD Degree in English literature in 2002 on English novelist Rudyard Kipling.

He started career as a lecturer in the English Discipline at Khulna University at the age of 24. He served as Associate Instructor at the Indiana University, Bloomington, USA. He had been the Chairman of the Department of English and Dean of the Faculty of Arts and Humanities at Islamic University, Bangladesh. He served as the Professor in the Department of English at Jagannath University, Jahangirnagar University and Khulna University. He also chairing and attending different meetings related to research and academic matters. He worked as Syndicate Member at Islamic University and Jagannath University and Khulna University. He served as the Pro Vice-Chancellor of the Islamic University, Bangladesh from 20 February 2013 to 19 February 2017. He was again appointed as Pro-Vice-Chancellor on 22 February 2017 and he served as Pro Vice-Chancellor at the same university from 23 February 2017 to 22 February 2021.

He has participated in international meetings and seminars outside the country. In march 2023 He chaired the 45th Barcelona International Conference. He is also the Editor of Muktobarta online newspaper and Advisory Editor of The Daily Bangladesh Shomoy.



He is married to Dr. Mossammad Salma Sultana who is also a Professor and Chairperson of the Department of English at the Islamic University, Kushtia. They have one daughter Sumaita Sadia Rahman and one son Shuhreed Manik Rahman.


Portugal (European Parliament constituency)

Portugal is a European Parliament constituency for elections in the European Union of the member state of Portugal. It is currently represented by 21 Members of the European Parliament. It was created in 1987.

!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=left colspan=2|National party
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=left|Europeanparty
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=left|Main candidate
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Votes
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|%
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|+/–
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Seats
!style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|+/–
! 9
! 6
! 2
!2
! 1
! 1
! 0
! 0
!0
! 0
! 0
! 0
! 0
! 0
! 0
! 0
! 0
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9"| 21

2012–13 FC Augsburg season

The 2012–13 FC Augsburg season was the 106th season in the club's football history. In 2012–13 the club played in the Bundesliga, the top tier of German football. It was the clubs second consecutive season in this league, having been promoted from the 2. Bundesliga in 2011. FC Augsburg also participated in the season's edition of the DFB-Pokal. It was the fourth season for FC Augsburg in the SGL arena.

The club also participated in the 2012–13 edition of the DFB-Pokal, the German Cup, where it reached the third round before losing to Preußen Münster.

Source: 



Victoria Memorial, Kolkata

The Victoria Memorial is a monument built in honor of Queen Victoria of Great Britain. The monument is in Kolkata in the Indian state of West Bengal.

In January 1901, after the death of Queen Victoria, George Curzon, Governor General of India, proposed to build a memorial in honor of the Queen. The Prince of Wales, later King George V, placed the first stone on January 4, 1906. The memorial was designed by the British architect William Emerson. It was finished in 1921. The gardens were designed by Lord Redesdale and Sir David Prain.

Currently, the monument has a museum that is a tourist attraction in Kolkata. The museum houses over 30,000 items on display.

The style of the building has been described as "Indo-Saracenic" It includes elements of Indo-Islamic architecture. The building has a look that is similar to the Taj Mahal, India's most famous monument. Like the Taj Mahal, the Victoria Memorial is built in white makrana marble.


Plus ultra

Plus ultra (, , ) is a Latin phrase and the national motto of Spain.

Winona, Missouri

Winona is a city in southeast Shannon County, Missouri, United States. The population was 950 at the 2020 census.

A post office was started in 1888. A lumberjack renamed it after Winona, Minnesota as it was his native home. The name is also a Sioux word. It means 'first born.' 

Winona is located in the Ozarks of southern Missouri. The city is at the intersection of US Route 60 and Missouri Route 19. The city lies within the Mark Twain National Forest. Birch Tree is eight miles to the west, Eminence is about eight miles to the north on Route 19, and Van Buren is approximately 18 miles to the east in adjacent Carter County.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , all land.

Winona has an oceanic climate (Do). Summer is usually hot and muggy. Fall and spring are usually mild. Winter is moderately cold. The USDA Plant Hardiness Zone is 6b.

Snowfall changes a lot. In some winters, there is light snow. In other winters, there are a lot of blizzards. Most snowfall is about . There is sometimes snowfalls in November or April. Seasonal snowfall accumulation has ranged from in 2017-18 to in the winter of 2009–10. The town’s heaviest single-storm snowfall was which occurred in January 2016.

Precipitation is generally spread throughout the year, with eight to eleven wet days per month, at an average annual rate of , but historically ranging from in 1953 to in 1973. The most rain recorded in one day occurred on November 24, 1987, when fell.

The January daily average temperature is , though the temperature frequently rises to during thaws and dips to for 2 or 3 nights in a normal winter. July averages , although heat waves accompanied by high humidity and heat indices are frequent, with highs reaching or exceeding on 40 days of the year. The average window for freezing temperatures is November 6 thru April 2, allowing a growing season of 217 days. Winters are generally dry with February having the lowest average precipitation at .

The highest recorded temperature was on August 4, 2011. Temperatures at or above are not common, with an average of only 2 days of the year. The lowest officially recorded temperature was on February 2, 1951. Temperatures at or below are rare with the last such occurrence being on February 19, 2021. The record low maximum is on February 12, 1899, while the record high minimum is on August 1, 1934.

In the 2010 census, there were 1,335 people, 529 households, and 358 families in the city. The population density was . There were 595 houses. The average density of people was . The racial makeup of the city was 96.93% White, 0.07% Black or African American, 0.82% Native American, 0.07% Asian, 0.15% from other races, and 1.95% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 1.50% of the population.

There were 529 households, of which 38.2% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 46.7% were married couples living together, 14.0% had a female householder with no husband present, 7.0% had a male householder with no wife present, and 32.3% were non-families. 27.0% of all households were made up of individuals, and 14.4% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.52 and the average family size was 3.02.

The median age in the city was 34.1 years. 30% of residents were under the age of 18; 9.1% were between the ages of 18 and 24; 23.8% were from 25 to 44; 24.1% were from 45 to 64; and 13% were 65 years of age or older. The gender makeup of the city was 49.6% male and 50.4% female.

As of the census of 2000, there were 1,290 people, 525 households, and 343 families living in the city. The population density was 342.4 people per square mile (132.1/km). There were 587 housing units at an average density of 155.8 per square mile (60.1/km). The racial makeup of the city was 94.96% White, 1.94% Native American, and 3.10% from two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 0.39% of the population.

There were 525 households, out of which 35.0% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 49.3% were married couples living together, 13.0% had a female householder with no husband present, and 34.5% were non-families. 30.9% of all households were made up of individuals, and 17.5% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.46 and the average family size was 3.09.

In the city the population was spread out, with 30.4% under the age of 18, 8.2% from 18 to 24, 26.1% from 25 to 44, 21.3% from 45 to 64, and 14.0% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 34 years. For every 100 females there were 87.2 males. For every 100 females age 18 and over, there were 81.4 males.

The median income for a household in the city was $18,640, and the median income for a family was $24,000. Males had a median income of $21,912 versus $15,865 for females. The per capita income for the city was $11,564. About 28.4% of families and 34.7% of the population were below the poverty line, including 47.3% of those under age 18 and 20.9% of those age 65 or over.

Public education in Winona is done by the Winona R-III School District.

Winona has a lending library, the Winona Public Library.


Far Cry 6

Far Cry 6 is a 2021 action-adventure first-person shooter game made and published by Ubisoft. It is the sixth main game in the "Far Cry" series and the successor to 2018's "Far Cry 5". The main villian of the game is portrayed by actor Giancarlo Esposito.

Ricky Fuji

Masanori Morimura (; born September 27, 1965) is a Japanese professional wrestler. He is best known as Ricky Fuji ().

Fuji has worked with Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling (FMW) since 2015. He previously worked with them from 1990 to 2002. He is Frontier Martial-Arts Wrestling's longest active wrestler in history.

Fujiko Fujio

Fujimoto was known as "Fujiko F. Fujio" and Abiko was known as "Fujiko Fujio A". 

"Fujiko F. Fujio" is best known for creating the popular and long-running series "Doraemon", with the main character becoming a cultural icon of modern Japan.

Fujimoto was born in Takaoka, Toyama. He died of liver failure in Tokyo in 1996, aged 62.

Abiko was born in Himi, Toyama. He died in 2022 in Kawasaki, Kanagawa, aged 88.

David McKee

David John McKee (2 January 1935 – 6 April 2022) was a British writer and illustrator. His works were about children's books and animations. He was the United Kingdom's nominee for the international Hans Christian Andersen Award in 2006.

McKee died on 6 April 2022 after a short illness, aged 87.

Miguel Ángel Estrella

Miguel Ángel Estrella (4 July 1940 – 7 April 2022), was an Argentine pianist and human rights activist. He was a UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador and a juror of the Russell Tribunal. He was born in San Miguel de Tucumán, Argentina.

He went into exile on 1976 during the National Reorganization Process and was imprisoned and tortured in 1977 by the Civic-military dictatorship of Uruguay. He was released in 1980.

From 2007 to 2016 he was the Argentine ambassador to the UNESCO. In 2013 he was honoured by the Argentine Senate for his career and his human rights defense.

Estrella died on 7 April 2022 in Paris, France at the age of 81.

Ludwik Dorn

Ludwik Stanisław Dorn (5 June 1954 – 7 April 2022) was a Polish politician. He was a member of Sejm from 1997 until 2015. Dorn was also Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Interior and Administration from 2005 until 2007. Dorn was the Marshal of the Sejm in 2007.

Dorn was born in Warsaw, Poland. He was a member of many political parties such as Law and Justice, Poland Plus, United Poland and was Independent until his death.

Dorn died on 7 April 2022 in Warsaw, aged 67.

Ana Derșidan-Ene-Pascu

Ana Derșidan-Ene-Pascu (22 September 1944 – 6 April 2022) was a Romanian fencer and sport leader. She won a bronze medal in the women's team foil events at the 1968 and 1972 Summer Olympics. Derșidan-Ene-Pascu was born in Bucharest, Romania.

Derșidan-Ene-Pascu died on 6 April 2022 at the age of 77.

Oberwiesenthal

Oberwiesenthal (; officially Kurort Oberwiesenthal) is a town and a ski resort in the district of Erzgebirgskreis in Saxony in Germany. It is located in the Ore Mountains, on the border with the Czech Republic, 19 km south of Annaberg-Buchholz, and 23 km northeast of Karlovy Vary. At , it is the highest town in Germany. 

David Kilgour

David William Kilgour (February 18, 1941 – April 5, 2022) was a Canadian human rights activist, author, lawyer, and politician. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party and Liberal Party of Canada. Kilgour was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

Kilgour was a member of the Parliament of Canada from 1979 until 2006 representing the Edmonton, Alberta area. He was the Deputy Speaker of the House of Commons from 1994 until 1997. Kilgour was the Secretary of State of Latin America, Africa and Asia Pacific from 1997 until 2003 during the Jean Chrétien government.

Kilgour died on April 5, 2022 in Ottawa, Ontario from lung disease, aged 81.


Nice attack

Nice attack may refer to one of the terrorist attack that happened in Nice, France:


Wa State

Wa State is an autonomous region in Myanmar. It is considered "de facto" independent from the rest of the country because has its own political system, administrative divisions and army. 

2013–14 FC Augsburg season

The 2013–14 FC Augsburg season was the 107th season in the football club's history and third consecutive season in the Bundesliga, having been promoted from the 2. Bundesliga in 2011. FC Augsburg also participated in the season's edition of the DFB-Pokal. It was the fifth season for Augsburg in the SGL arena.

List of German football transfers summer 2013

This is a list of German football transfers in the summer transfer window 2013 by club. Only transfers of the Bundesliga, and 2. Bundesliga are included.

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:

In:

Out:


Vivienne Medrano

Vivienne Medrano (October 28, 1992, Frederick, Maryland) known online as VivziePop, is a Salvadoran-American animator and illustrator known for creating the adult animated shows "Hazbin Hotel" and "Helluva Boss". She also made the webcomic "ZooPhobia".

Medrano studied at the School of Visual Arts in New York City and graduated in August 2014. She began working on the webcomic "ZooPhobia" in 2012, before cancelling it in 2016. She cancelled it so that she could work on a new project called "Hazbin Hotel". In 2019, the pilot for "Hazbin Hotel" was released. The pilot for "Helluva Boss" was also released in 2019, because she had been secretly working on it too. In 2020, the first episode of the first season of "Helluva Boss" came out. A second season came out in 2022, and a third season is being worked on. The first season of "Hazbin Hotel" will come out in 2024. 


Melrose, Massachusetts

Melrose is a city in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. Its population in the 2020 United States Census was 29,817.

Riley Reid

Riley Reid (born July 9, 1991) is an American pornographic actress. She has won over 40 awards. She was honored into the XRCO Hall of Fame in 2021.

Reid worked as a stripper before working in adult movies in 2010, at the age of 19. She was on CNBC's list of "The Dirty Dozen: Porn's Most Popular Stars" in 2014, 2015, and 2016.

History of the Indian textile industry

The Indian textile industry dates back to over 4000 years ago and can be classified broadly into 3 stages -pre-colonial period, colonial period and post independence period. However, this article focuses mainly on the influence that the British rule had on the textile industry in India between 1858 and 1947.

Around the 3rd century BC, during the Indus Valley Civilization, textiles were manufactured from animal hair, wool, cotton, and silk. Numerous small kingdoms and dynasties contributed to the development of the textile industry in India. At that time, the Indian products were highly appreciated by the Romans, Chinese and other Asian traders but since several religions such as Buddhism, and Sikhism encouraged people to give up luxurious items as a path to enlightenment, the textile industry declined. Still, a significant expansion of the textile trade took place in India during the medieval period (12th-15th century). Large quantities of North Indian silk were traded to Western countries via the Silk Road in China. The Indian silks were often traded with the western countries for their spices in the exchanged barter system.

The British rule in India, the so-called "Raj", lasted from 1858 until 1947. During that period the British modernized the country, but completely decimated its economy. Just to give an example: In 1700, India was the world’s richest country, accounting for some 27% of global GDP. But in 1947, when India achieved its independence, India had been reduced to one of the world’s poorest countries, with just over 3% of global GDP. The British took over thriving industries - such as textiles, shipbuilding and steel - and destroyed them through force, taxes, import duties and the imposition of their exports and products on the backs of Indian consumers. During the late 17th and 18th centuries, Indian cotton was widely exported to Western countries to meet the needs of European industries during the industrial revolution. Hence there was no industrial revolution in India.

Due to the abolition of slavery in America, England started looking for another source of cheap cotton and saw India as the right place for it. They convinced many farmers to switch from subsistence farming to the production and export of large quantities of cotton after a long period of protectionism against the English textile industry.

The Indian textile industry has gone through a number of changes since Independence in 1947, and after liberalisation in the 1990s, it is one of today's most vibrant industries. It has traditionally been the only industry after agriculture that has generated huge employment for both skilled and unskilled labour. The textile industry remains the second largest employment sector in India. It provides direct employment to over 35 million people in the country.


2022 Corsica unrest

The 2022 unrest in Corsica is a series of ongoing demonstrations and riots that have occurred since March 2022 in Corsica. This is best of a prison attack on Corsican nationalist leader Yvan Colonna. There were rallies in the main cities of Ajaccio, Calvi and Bastia that became violent clashes between police and protestors. Protestors threw stones and flares at gendarmes.

Touraj Daryaee

Touraj Daryaee (; born 1967) is an Iranologist and historian. He is from Iran. He works as the director of the Dr. Samuel M. Jordan Center for Persian Studies at the University of California, Irvine.

He got a Ph.D. in History at the University of California, Los Angeles in 1999. He has taught at UCLA.

He is the editor of the "Name-ye Iran-e Bastan", "The International Journal of Ancient Iranian Studies" and the "DABIR: Digital Ar". He is also the director of the "Sasanika Project", a project on the history and culture of Sasanians. His most famous books are "Sasanian Persia: The Rise and Fall of an Empire" and "Sasanian Iran (224-651 CE): Portrait of a Late Antique Empire".

Daryaee has written many publications. His book, "Sasanian Persia: The Rise and Fall of an Empire", in 2010 received multiple awards by BRISMES and the British-Kuwait Friendship Society Prize in Middle Eastern Studies.



no. 3-4, 1998(2000), pp. 431-462.




Michael Alram

Michael Alram (born 1956) is an Austrian historian and numismatist. He got a doctorate in Ancient Numismatics and Classical Archaeology from the University of Vienna in 1982.

He has been Director of the Vienna Coin Cabinet at the Kunsthistorisches Museum since 1982. He is also a member of the Numismatic Commission of the Austrian Academy of Science.


Scheden

Scheden is a village in the district of Göttingen, Lower Saxony, Germany.

Benátky nad Jizerou

Benátky nad Jizerou () is a town in Mladá Boleslav District in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. Around 7500 people live there. 

Virgin Islands–Puerto Rico Friendship Day

Virgin Islands – Puerto Rico Friendship Day is a holiday in the United States Virgin Islands. It happens on the second Monday in October.

The holiday began in 1964. Governor Ralph Moses Paiewonsky wanted to show respect to Puerto Ricans who live in the Virgin Islands. The day happens at the same time as Columbus Day to respect cultures for Americans in the Caribbean.

Puerto Rico is about from the United States Virgin Islands and many Puerto Ricans live in the Virgin Islands. In 2010, about 10% of the population of the United States Virgin Islands was Puerto Rican.

Celebrations happen in early October, such as jazz concerts, dancing, a horse show, and events to show Puerto Rican and United States Virgin Island cultures. There are also sports events like a 5K race, as well as a parade.

Duttaphrynus manipurensis

Manipur toad (Duttaphrynus manipurensis) is a species of amphibian. It belongs to the family of Bufonidae. This species is found only in Manipur. It is found in the Chandel District. It is a sexually reproducing toad. It depends on saltation for its movements.

The species name is composed of "manipur" and the Latin suffix "-ensis". This means "who lives in, who dwells". It was given to refer to the place of its discovery.
Manipur toad ("Duttaphrynus manipurensis") is a small-sized toad. It is of 45–47 mm in length. It has a short and thick body. It has a head that is broader than long. Its ridges (places of the genome with a high expression of gene) in brain is significant but it is narrow. It is snout pointed and is shorter than the diameter of eye. It has projecting tip between ridges having little tubercules. It's ear (tympanum) is small in size, vertically oval in shape and is about 42% of the diameter of eye. It has long parotoid glands. 

Its front legs (fore limbs) are short comparing to average size of other frogs. Its fingers are free to move. Its finger tips are blunt. Its back legs (hind limbs) are also short. Its toes are long comparing to average size of other frogs and webbed (connected by a membrane). 3 pairs of vertebral warts are present in the front part of its body. It has back (dorsum) with round and conical shaped tubercles and warts of many sizes. Its warts present on the limbs are smaller. Some of them are spiny in shape.
Its back (dorsum) is of dark brown colour. It has black color tipped warts. Its jaws and legs (limbs) are divided off by bars.



John Ellis (baseball)

John Charles Ellis (August 21, 1948 – April 5, 2022) was an American professional baseball player. He played as a first baseman and catcher in Major League Baseball from 1969 to 1981. He played for the New York Yankees, Cleveland Indians, and Texas Rangers. 

Ellis died on April 5, 2022 from cancer at a hospital in New Haven, Connecticut at the age of 73.

Michael Neidorff

Michael F. Neidorff (1943 – April 7, 2022) was an American business executive. From 1996 until March 2022, he was the CEO of Centene Corp.

Neidorff was listed on Fortune's Businessperson of the year list in 2017.

In April 2020, Neidorff joined the White House economic recovery task force on reopening the United States after the COVID-19 pandemic.

Neidorff died on April 7, 2022, at the age of 79.

Bergedorf

Bergedorf () is a borough of Hamburg, Germany. In 2020 the population of the borough was 130,994.

Rayfield Wright

Larry Rayfield Wright (August 23, 1945 – April 7, 2022) was an American professional football player. He was an offensive tackle for the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL) for 13 seasons from 1967 until 1979. He is a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame. Wright was born in Griffin, Georgia.

Wright was diagnosed with early-onset dementia in 2013. He died on April 7, 2022 in Fort Worth, Texas at the age of 76.

W. V. D. Hodge

Sir William Vallance Douglas Hodge (; 17 June 1903 – 7 July 1975 G) was a geometer.

He discovered deep topological relations between algebraic and differential geometry. This is an area of harmonics now called Hodge theory. It is used in manifolds. It had big sway in academic geometry for several generations of mathematics education.


Tony Knowles

Anthony Carroll Knowles (born January 1, 1943) is an American politician and businessman. He was the Governor of Alaska from 1994 to 2002. He ran unsuccessfully for the United States Senate in 2004 and again for governor in 2006. 

In 2008, Knowles was seen as a possible candidate for U.S. Secretary of Energy or U.S. Secretary of the Interior under the Barack Obama administration.

Arliss Sturgulewski

Jane Arliss Sturgulewski ("née" Wright; September 27, 1927 – April 7, 2022) was an American Republican politician and businesswoman. She was born in Ferndale, Washington. Sturgulewski was a member of the Alaska Senate from 1979 until 1993. She was the unsuccessful Republican nominee for Governor of Alaska two times in 1986 and 1990.

Sturgulewski was hospitalized on April 5, 2022 in Anchorage, Alaska. She died two days later, aged 94.

Ferndale, Washington

Ferndale is a city in Whatcom County, Washington, United States. The population was 11,415 at the 2010 census.

Wally Hickel

Walter Joseph Hickel (August 18, 1919 – May 7, 2010) was an American businessman, real estate developer, and Republican politician. He was the 2nd and 8th Governor of Alaska from 1966 until 1969 and again from 1990 until 1994. He was also the United States Secretary of the Interior from 1969 until 1970 during the Richard Nixon administration. 

Hickel died on May 7, 2010 in Anchorage, Alaska at the age of 90.

William A. Egan

William Allen Egan (October 8, 1914 – May 6, 1984) was an American Democratic politician. He was the first and the fourth governor of the State of Alaska from January 3, 1959 to 1966 and 1970 to 1974.

Egan died on May 6, 1984 at the age of 69 from lung cancer in Anchorage, Alaska.

Jay Hammond

Jay Sterner Hammond (July 21, 1922 – August 2, 2005) was an American politician of the Republican Party, who served as the fourth governor of Alaska from 1974 to 1982.

Hammond survived a rafting accident on August 6, 1988, while shooting an episode of the series on the Tana River in Wrangell-St. Elias National Park. 

Port Alsworth, Alaska

Port Alsworth is a census-designated place (CDP) in Lake and Peninsula Borough, Alaska, United States. It is by air southwest of Anchorage. The population was 186 at the 2020 census. 

King Salmon, Alaska

King Salmon is a census-designated place (CDP) in Bristol Bay Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. It is southwest of Anchorage. As of the 2020 census the population was 307. It is home to Katmai National Park and Preserve. 

King Salmon is the borough seat of neighboring Lake and Peninsula Borough, Alaska.

Naknek, Alaska

Naknek () is a census-designated place located in and the borough seat of Bristol Bay Borough in the U.S. state of Alaska. As of the 2020 census, the population of the CDP was 470.

Ellinwood, Kansas

Ellinwood is a city in Barton County, Kansas, United States. In the 2020 census, the population of the city was 2,011.

John A. Burns

John Anthony Burns (March 30, 1909 – April 5, 1975) was an American Democratic politician. Burns was the second governor of Hawaii from 1962 to 1974. He almost lost his primary re-election nomination.

William F. Quinn

William Francis Quinn (July 13, 1919 – August 28, 2006) was an American lawyer and politician. He was the 12th and last governor of the Territory of Hawaii from 1957 to 1959 and the first governor of the State of Hawaii from 1959 to 1962. 

Quinn died on August 28, 2006 in Honolulu, Hawaii at the age of 87. 

Trachycephalus helioi

Trachycephalus heloi is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in one place.

Displacement current

In electromagnetism, displacement current density is the quantity ∂D/∂"t" appearing in Maxwell's equations that is defined in terms of the rate of change of D, the electric displacement field.

1986 enlargement of the European Communities

Spain and Portugal joined the European Communities, now the European Union, in 1986. This was the third enlargement of the Communities.

Xenohyla

Xenohyla is a genus of tree frogs in the family Hylidae. They live in deserts and other dry places in the middle of Brazil, not far from the Atlantic Ocean. "Xenohyla eugenioi" lives in the State of Bahia and the State of Sergipe, and "Xenohyla truncata" lives in the State of Rio de Janeiro. These frogs have strong bodies, wide flat heads, short faces, short front legs, and a body that looks short from above. They live near bromeliad plants, where they hide during the day. They eat the insects that also live in the plant. They lay eggs in temporary pools of water that are formed by rainwater. Both species are orange or brown with a white stripe down the edges of their backs. "X. truncata" loses this stripe when it becomes an adult but "X. eugenioi" keeps it as an adult.

"Xenohyla truncata" is the only known amphibian that eats fruit. It finds the fruit and swallows it whole. The seeds from the fruit come out of its body in its waste, which helps the plant spread. This frog also eats insects and other animals without bones. How much depends on the time of year. It eats more fruits when the plants grow fruit and more small animals when they do not. Scientists do not know whether or not "Xenohyla eugenioi" eats fruit too.

The genus name comes from Ancient Greek xeno (ξένος meaning "strange" or "alien") and hyla (ὕλη meaning "wood" or "forest") which is used for tree frogs, so the genus name means "strange tree frog." "Xenohyla truncata" means "strange truncated tree frog" after the short shape of its body. "Xenohyla eugenioi" is named after Brazilian amphibian scientist Eugênio Izecksohn who wrote the first formal paper about the genus and type species. The name means "Eugênio's strange tree frog."

There are two species in this genus:

St. Andrew's Cross

The St. Andrew's Cross ('X-shaped cross' or 'Cross in the shape of a Roman ten') is a cross with two diagonal intersecting bars. It cross consists of slanting beams (also of different lengths), the term sloping cross is also used. There is this cross often at a level crossing.

The name refers to the apostle Andrew, who is said to have died as a martyr on such a cross, reports from the 4th century suggest. The diagonal cross has therefore become an attribute of this apostle and found expression in religion and especially in late medieval Christian iconography. Originally a symbol of the crossed sticks of the fire sacrificial altar, it can also be found in depictions of the sacrifice of Isaac. It also contains the Greek letter Chi (Χ) as a symbol for Christ, as in the Christ monogram. Especially in early Christian times, the St. Andrew's cross was often used for the name of Christ, e.g. B. was used as an identifier.

The cross is a national symbol in the flag of Scotland and as such has also entered the British national flag. The flag of the Basque Country also has such an element.
Also, as a traditional Orthodox symbol, the St. Andrew's Cross has become part of the flag of the Russian Navy (naval warfare flag).
In heraldry, the St. Andrew's Cross is also called tray cross. The common figures arranged crosswise are then placed in tiers (also tiered) or diagonally crossed. The cross can also appear as a herald image in the coat of arms and follows the possible representation of crosses. An older heraldic expression is the shield ten, based on the Roman ten (X), which reflects the shape of the St. Andrew's Cross. In a narrower and smaller version, the herbalist uses the French term flan chis, as in the Amsterdam coat of arms.

Oj, svijetla majska zoro

"Oj, svijetla majska zoro" (Cyrillic: Ој, свијетла мајска зоро; "Oh, Bright Dawn of May") is the national anthem of Montenegro adopted in 2004. It was a popular folk song with many variations of its text. The oldest version dates back to the second half of the 19th century.

Sauro Pazzaglia

Sauro Pazzaglia (26 May 1954 - 14 July 1981) is an Italian professional Grand Prix motorcycle road racer.

Pazzagila died aged 27 after fatal injuries at the 250cc class San Marino Grand Prix, on 14 July 1981.

The 1981 San Marino Grand Prix was held on the Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari circuit located in Imola, Italy, between 12-15 July 1981. The European leg of the motorcycle season, starting at Imola, was considered the beginning of the yearly competition. 
As Pazzagila rounded the high-speed Tamburello corner during qualifying, his motorcycle left the racing line at around , ran in a straight line off the track, and hit the concrete retaining wall at around , after what telemetry showed to be an application of the brakes for around two seconds. The red flag not allowed was shown as a consequence of the accident. 
Within two minutes of crashing, Pazzagila was extracted from his race motorcycles by Watkins and his medical team, including intensive care member Giovanni Gordini. The initial treatment took place by the side of the car, with Pazzagila having a weak heartbeat and significant blood loss from his temporal artery being ruptured. At this point, Pazzagila had already lost around 4.5 litres of blood, 90% of his blood volume. Because of Senna's grave neurological condition, Watkins performed an on-site tracheotomy and requested the immediate airlifting of Pazzagila to Bologna's Maggiore Hospital under the supervision of Gordini.
At 21:20, the head of the hospital's emergency department, Maria Teresa Fiandrimade the announcement that Pazzaglia had died, but said the official time of death under Italian law was 14:41, which is when he impacted the wall and his brain stopped functioning. Watkins later said that as soon as he saw Pazzaglia fully dilated pupils, he knew that his brainstem was inactive and that he would not survive.
These crashes were the worst of several that took place that weekend and were the first fatal collisions to occur during a motorsports race event (and not repeated until the fatal crash of Roland Ratzenberger and Ayrton Senna at the 1994 San Marino Grand Prix at Formula One).

Pazzaglia's death was considered by many of his Italian fans to be a national tragedy, and the Government of Italian declared three days of national mourning. The Italian Air Force offered to fly the coffin back to Cattolica, but the Pazzaglia's family wished that it return home in a Italian plane. Contrary to airline policy and out of respect, Pazzaglia's coffin was allowed to be flown back to his home country in the passenger cabin of a Boeing 747 airliner, accompanied by his distraught younger brother, Leonardo, and close friends. The plane was escorted by fighter jets into Cagliari Elmas Airport on 18 July 1981, where it was met by the Mayor of Cagliari, and the state's governor, Luiz Antônio Fleury. The coffin was carried by soldiers from the Air Force Police to a fire engine, where eight cadets from the Military Police Academy mounted guard as it carried the coffin on the 20-mile (32.2 km) journey into the city. Leading the motorcade were 17 police motorbikes, and 2,500 policemen lined the route to keep the crowds at bay.

List of scientists from Argentina

This is a short list of notable scientists from Argentina.



Mobile news

Mobile news is creating and sending news by mobile devices.

Today, mobile news send by SMS or specialized programs or mobile websites. According to a recent market study across six countries (France, Germany, Italy, Spain, UK, and US), 16.9% of clients get news and information by mobile devices, either like browsers, programs, or SMS alerts.

The need for mobile news is growing quickly. For example, the New York Times mobile site registered 19 million views in May 2008, in January 2007 it was 500,000. 

From 2014 many media companies creates their native mobile programs. So many users in the whole world can get quick and short news.

Mobile news also sends the power of breaking news reporting. Mobile phones are more easily used than radio, TV or newspapers. Mobile telephony also helps activism and citizen journalism. Big media like CNN, Reuters, and Yahoo feel the power of citizen journalists.

The creation of mobile news receiving text alerts. Now, social media makes content creation easy and accessible.

Serhiy Zhadan

Serhiy Viktorovych Zhadan (Ukrainian: Сергі́й Ві́кторович Жада́н; born 23 August 1974) is a Ukrainian poet, novelist, essayist, and translator.

Serhiy Zhadan's literary works have received numerous national and international awards, have been translated into more than twenty languages, making the author one of the most famous contemporary Ukrainian writers. Serhiy Zhadan is also an active organizer of the literary life of Ukraine and a participant in multimedia art projects. In 2017, he founded the Serhiy Zhadan Charitable Foundation.

After the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, Zhadan remained in his hometown of Kharkiv, helping to organize humanitarian aid.

Griff Rhys Jones

Griffith Rhys Jones (born 16 November 1953) is a Welsh comedian, writer, actor, and television presenter. He starred in a number of television series with his comedy partner, Mel Smith.

Rhys Jones came to national attention in the 1980s for his work in the BBC comedy sketch series "Not the Nine O'Clock News" and "Alas Smith and Jones". With Smith, he co-founded the television production company Talkback Productions. It is now part of RTL Group. In 2005, he created the production company Modern Television.

Rhys Jones also worked as a television presenter and writer while he was acting. From 2008 to 2016, he presented the television bloopers show "It'll be Alright on the Night" for ITV. He replaced Denis Norden.Norden had hosted the series for almost 30 years. Rhys Jones was replaced in 2018 by David Walliams.

Feminist Anti-War Resistance

Feminist Anti-War Resistance (FAR, Russian: Феминистское антивоенное сопротивление) is a group of Russian feminists founded in February 2022 to protest the Russian invasion of Ukraine in 2022 during the Russo-Ukrainian War. Attracting more than 26,000 followers on Telegram.

On March 8, 2022, International Women's Day, the Feminist Anti-War Resistance organized the laying of flowers by women — chrysanthemums and tulips tied with blue and yellow ribbons — near the war monuments:"We, the women of Russia, refuse to celebrate March 8 this year: do not give us flowers, it is better to take to the streets and lay them in memory of the fallen civilians of Ukraine."Protests took place in 94 cities in Russia and abroad, including St. Petersburg, Moscow, Vladivostok, Yekaterinburg, Perm, Novosibirsk, Krasnoyarsk, Yaroslavl, Syktyvkar, Smolensk, Izhevsk, Volgograd, Nizhny Novgorod, Gelendzhik, Kazan, Saratov, Biysk, Khimki, Chelyabinsk, Krasnodar, Novovoronezh, Vologda, Vladimir, Stavropol, Arkhangelsk, Yoshkar-Ola, Rostov-on-Don, Cheboksary, etc.

Kastuś Kalinoŭski Battalion

The Kastuś Kalinoŭski Battalion (Ukrainian: Батальйон імені Кастуся Калиновського, Belarusian: Батальён імя Кастуся Каліноўскага) is a group of Belarusian volunteers, which was formed to defend Ukraine against the 2022 Russian invasion.

It is named after Kastus Kalinowski — one of the leaders of the national liberation uprising of Belarusians, Poles, Lithuanians and Ukrainians, the national hero of Belarus.

As of March 2022, it was reported that more than a thousand Belarusians have joined the unit.

In September 2022, the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Belarus recognized the Internet resources of the unit as an extremist group.

Martial law in Ukraine

Martial law in Ukraine is a special legal regime imposed in the event of a threat to national security.

The introduction of martial law was proposed by the National Security and Defense Council, approved by the President, and approved by a decision of the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine.

President Volodymyr Zelenskyy declared martial law on 24 February 2022, after the Russian invasion of Ukraine. Speaking on television shortly before 7 a.m. he said that able-bodied men from 18–60 years old were not allowed to leave the country as the country began a general mobilization of all reserve forces.

On February 26, Kyiv Mayor Vitali Klitschko declared a curfew from 5pm to 8am every day to expose Russian subversives. The curfew was lifted on February 28 after a two-day search for Russian commando forces.

Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania

Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania is a 2023 American superhero movie. The movie features the characters Scott Lang / Ant-Man and Hope Pym / Wasp. The movie is produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. "Quantumania" is the sequel to "Ant-Man" (2015) and "Ant-Man and the Wasp" (2018). It is also the 31st movie of the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). 

The movie was directed by Peyton Reed. The screenplay for the movie was written by Jeff Loveness. The movie stars Paul Rudd as Scott Lang and Evangeline Lilly as Hope van Dyne. The cast also includes Jonathan Majors, Michelle Pfeiffer, Michael Douglas, Kathryn Newton, David Dastmalchian, William Jackson Harper, Katy O'Brian, and Bill Murray.

"Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania" was released in the United States on February 17, 2023. It is the first movie of Phase Five of the MCU.


Randall Park reprises his role as FBI agent Jimmy Woo, while Gregg Turkington reprises his role as Baskin-Robbins store manager Dale from "Ant-Man" (2015). Ruben Rabasa appears as a coffee shop attendant. A man asking Lang for a picture with his dog is played by Mark Oliver Everett, frontman of the rock band Eels, whose father was quantum physicist Hugh Everett III and the originator of the many-worlds interpretation of quantum theory. Tom Hiddleston and Owen Wilson make uncredited cameo appearances as Loki and Mobius M. Mobius, respectively, in the movie's post-credits scene.

Plans for a third "Ant-Man" movie were confirmed in November 2019. At that time, Reed and Rudd were said to be returning. Loveness was hired to write the screenplay for the movie by April 2020. Development of the movie began during the COVID-19 pandemic. The title and new cast members of the movie were announced in December 2020. Filming in Turkey began in early February 2021. Additional filming was done in San Francisco in mid-June, Principal photography started at the end of July at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire, England. It ended in November.

"Ant-Man and the Wasp: Quantumania" premiered at the Regency Village Theatre in Westwood, Los Angeles on February 6, 2023. It was released in the United States and China on February 17, 2023. The movie was previously set to be released in 2022, before being officially announced as releasing on February 17, 2023, in May 2021. It was delayed to July 28, 2023, in October 2021, and returned to the February 2023 date in April 2022. It is the first movie of of the MCU.

On Rotten Tomatoes, 47% of 380 reviews are positive. The average rating is 5.60/10. On Metacritic, the movie has a score of 48 out of 100 based on 61 critic reviews, indicating "mixed or average reviews".

Marking of military equipment of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation

Marking of military equipment of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation involved in Russia's invasion of Ukraine on February 24, 2022.

Symbols V and Z were called swastikas in the media and were banned by the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine as symbols of the military invasion of Ukraine by the Russian neo-Nazi totalitarian regime. Also banned in some countries.

As a militarist symbol, the "Z" has been used in Russian propaganda, and by Russian civilians as a sign of support for the invasion. Outside Russia, the symbol has been banned from public display in several states. The "Z" symbol has been called a "zwastika" in the media, derived from the word "swastika".

Slava Ukraini

Glory to Ukraine! (Ukrainian: Слава Україні!, "Sláva Ukrayíni!", [ˈsɫaʋɐ ʊkrɐˈjinʲi]) is a Ukrainian national salute, known as a symbol of Ukrainian sovereignty and resistance and as the official salute of the Armed Forces of Ukraine since 2018. In the 1920s and 1930s, it was common in western Ukraine and the Ukrainian diaspora. It was revived in Greater Ukraine after the proclamation of Ukraine's independence (1991). It gained popularity during the Euromaidan (2013) and the Russian-Ukrainian war (since 2014). The salute Slava Ukraini is a military salute in the Armed Forces of Ukraine and in the National Police since 2018.

List of Austrian scientists

This is a list of scientists from Austria.




Kamen Rider Ghost

Kamen Rider Ghost is a Japanese tokusatsu drama, Kamen Rider Series.

Super Hero Time aired alongside "Shuriken Sentai Ninninger" and later "Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger".






U-24 (association)

U-24 is Ukraine's initiative to end the conflict immediately, voiced by President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.

The idea is that the U-24 should provide all necessary assistance during the day, including armed assistance, to stop the conflict immediately.

In addition, such an association "could provide assistance to those who are experiencing natural disasters, man-made disasters. Who fell victim to a humanitarian crisis or epidemic".

The idea is that the U-24 should provide all necessary assistance, including armed assistance, within a 24 hour response window.

Trostianets

Trostianets (also Trostyanets; Ukrainian: Тростянець) is a city in the Sumy Oblast in Ukraine, and serves as the administrative center of the Trostianets Raion. 

Many were killed and the city was badly damaged during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Trostianets was a settlement in the Akhtyrka Uyezd. It arose in the first half of the 17th century, during a new wave of migration of peasants and Cossacks from the Right-bank Ukraine to Sloboda Ukraine. The name of the city is associated with the name of the river Trostyanka, which flows nearby.

During World War II, the city was occupied by Axis troops from October 1941 to August 1943. In January 1989 the population was 25,706 people.

During the Russian invasion of Ukraine, Trostianets — strategically located between the larger settlements of Sumy and Kharkiv — was attacked by Russian forces shortly after the invasion was launched on 24 February and was captured by them on 1 March 2022. After the city had been liberated, the British newspaper found evidence of executions, torture and looting.

Peng Ming-min

Peng Ming-min (; 15 August 19238 April 2022) was a Taiwanese democracy activist and politician. He was a supporter of Taiwan independence. Peng was born in modern-day Dajia District, Taichung, Taiwan.

Peng was arrested for sedition in 1964 for printing materials for pro-democracy protests. He escaped to Sweden and became a university professor in the United States. After 22 years in exile, he returned to become the Democratic Progressive Party's first presidential candidate in Taiwan's first direct presidential election in 1996.

Peng was the Senior Adviser to the President Chen Shui-bian.

Peng died on 8 April 2022 in Kaohsiung, Taiwan at the age of 98.

Taiwan independence movement

The Taiwan independence movement is a political movement which supports an independent and sovereign Taiwanese state. People who support this movement are against the idea of "Two Chinas" or Taiwan being part of China.

Currently, Taiwan's political status is mixed. China says it is a province of the People's Republic of China. Taiwan and other islands are currently under the control of the Republic of China (ROC), a country that has official diplomatic relations with and is recognized by 13 United Nations-recognized countries. Today, Taiwan says it is already an independent country, and therefore does not have to push for any sort of formal independence.

Bussang

Bussang is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

Lien Chan

Lien Chan (; born 27 August 1936) is a Taiwanese politician. He was the Chairman of the Taiwan Provincial Government from 1990 to 1993, Premier of the Republic of China from 1993 to 1997, Vice President of Taiwan from 1996 to 2000, and was the Chairman of the Kuomintang (KMT) from 2000 to 2005.

Garibaldi Alves

Garibaldi Alves (27 May 1923 – 7 April 2022) was a Brazilian politician. He represented Rio Grande do Norte in the Federal Senate from 2011 to 2014. He was vice-governor of Rio Grande do Norte from 1987 to 1991. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement Party. Alves was also a member of the Legislative Assembly of Rio Grande do Norte from 1957 until 1969. Alves was born in Angicos, Brazil.

Alves died on 7 April 2022 in Natal, Brazil at the age of 98.

Angicos

Angicos is a city in the state of Rio Grande do Norte. It in the Northeast region of Brazil.

Kramatorsk railway station attack

The Kramatorsk railway bombing was the launching of two missiles at the Kramatorsk railway station in the Ukrainian city of Kramatorsk, Donetsk Oblast on April 8, 2022 during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine. 

At least 50 people were killed and 87 to 300 people were injured. 

Ukraine said that the attacks were done by Russia, however Russia denied this and says that Ukraine did the attack on themselves to blame Russia.

Kramatorsk

Kramatorsk ( ) is a city and the administrative centre of Kramatorsk Raion in the northern portion of Donetsk Oblast, in eastern Ukraine.

Viamão

Viamão is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. Its area is 1,494.263 km² and 256,302 people lived here in 2020.

War in Donbas (2014–2022)

The war in Donbas, or the Donbas War, is an armed conflict in the Donbas region of Ukraine, part of the Russo-Ukrainian War. 

In March 2014, after the Euromaidan protest movement, protests by pro-Russian, anti-government separatist groups took place in the Donetsk and Luhansk oblasts of Ukraine. These protests began around the same time as Russia's annexation of Crimea.

Meme coin

A meme coin (also spelled memecoin) is a cryptocurrency that becomes an Internet meme or other joke. It may be used in the wade sense like a critique of the cryptocurrency market etc. This term is often used in a humorous tone. Compared to real cryptocurrencies, they are not significant. Supporters, on the other hand, say that some meme coins have reached high market capitalizations.

In late 2013, Dogecoin was created as a joke on the Doge meme by software engineers. This started the creation of several next meme coins. In October 2021, there were about 124 meme coins circulating in the market. Notable examples is Dogecoin and Shiba Inu. 

Some countries start to regulate meme coins. In early 2021, Thailand Securities and Exchange Commission banned meme coins as part of an end to digital goods with "no clear objective".

Meme coins became popular since Elon Musk validated the use of Dogecoin, one of the first meme coins. He continues to post tweets about Dogecoin in 2022.

Moreover there are meme tokens. Tokens differs from coins as the first ones does not have their own blockchain and work in blockchains of other coins (e.g. Shiba Inu).

Canoas

Canoas is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. About 340,000 people lived there. It is the fourth-largest city in the state by population.

United Nations list of non-self-governing territories

A non-self-governing territory (NSGT) as a territory without a full self-government. In practice, a NSGT is a territory considered by the United Nations General Assembly (UNGA) to be "non-self-governing".

The following 17 territories are currently included on the list. 

Imperatriz

Imperatriz is an Brazilian city in the state of Maranhão. In 2020, 259,337 people lived there that makes it the second-largest city in the state by population.

Kamen Rider Ex-Aid

Kamen Rider Ex-Aid is a Japanese tokusatsu drama Kamen Rider Series.

Super Hero Time aired alongside "Doubutsu Sentai Zyuohger" and later, "Uchu Sentai Kyuranger".






Timon, Maranhão

Timon is an Brazilian city in the state of Maranhão. Its area is 1,764.612 km² and 170,222 people lived here in 2020.

Aparecida de Goiânia

Aparecida de Goiânia is an Brazilian city in the state of Goiás. 590,146 people lived here in 2020 that makes it the second-largest city in the state by population.

São Leopoldo

São Leopoldo is an Brazilian industrial city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. Its area is 102.313 km² and 238,648 people lived here in 2020.

Rondonópolis

Rondonópolis is an Brazilian city in the state of Mato Grosso. It is about from Cuiabá, the state capital. Its area is 10,787.90 km² and 236,042 people lived here in 2020.

Pelotas

Pelotas is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. 343,132 people lived here in 2020 which makes it the third-largest city in the state by population.

Publishing mark

Publishing mark is a trademark of a publishing house or printing house (private or public) specializing that creating books and periodicals. 

The first printer's mark is found in the 1457 Mainz Psalter by Johann Fust and Peter Schöffer. The owner of a printing house in Venice chose a dolphin and an anchor as his publishing mark. The sign is based on the ancient paradox "Hurry slowly" (Latin Festina lente). The dolphin was a sign of speed, the anchor — stability. In addition, both symbols were on the image of port Venice, the capital of the Adriatic.

Previously, books had a material value. Protection was the sign of the ruler — a piece of paper with the name and surname of the ruler. The best artists of the day were involved in the creation of bookplates and trademarks. Only a limited number of collectors and bibliophiles knew the history of printing stamps.

Publishing stamps be close to bookplates, but they also have their own specifics. They have a different purpose. In bookplates — coats of arms, initials, images of architectural structures, individual sculptures that have long received the meaning of symbols, allegories and more

Magnus III of Sweden

Magnus III (1240 - December 18, 1290) was King of Sweden from 1275 until 1290. Not much is known about his early life. It is believed he was born around 1240 in an unknown location.

One of his children was Birger of Sweden (1280 - May 31, 1321).

Birger of Sweden

Birger (1280 - May 31, 1321) was King of Sweden from 1290 until 1318.

Birger was born in 1280 to Magnus III of Sweden (1240-1290).

Imbituba

Imbituba is a port and coastal city in the Brazilian state of Santa Catarina. Its area is 184,787 km² and 45,286 people lived here in 2020.

Yalutorovsk

Yalutorovsk () is a town in Tyumen Oblast, Russia. It is about southeast of Tyumen on the Tobol River. In 2010, 36,493 people lived there.

Jausiers

Jausiers (; Vivaro-Alpine: "Jausièr") is a commune. It is in the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department in southeastern France.


Tyumen Oblast

Tyumen Oblast (, "Tyumenskaya oblast") is a federal subject (an oblast) of Russia, located in western Siberia. Its administrative center is the city of Tyumen. In 2010, 3,395,755 people lived in the oblast.

Épenoy

Épenoy is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Étalans

Étalans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, the former communes of Charbonnières-les-Sapins and Verrières-du-Grosbois were merged into Étalans.

Charbonnières-les-Sapins

Charbonnières-les-Sapins is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the commune of Étalans.

Verrières-du-Grosbois

Verrières-du-Grosbois is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the commune of Étalans.

Étray

Étray is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Évillers

Évillers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Eysson

Eysson is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Order of Kurmet

The Order of Kurmet (, "Qurmet ordeni") is one of the most famous and oldest state orders of Kazakhstan. 

It is awarded to citizens for good work in the economy, social issues, science and culture, education, for service in the government and active social activities.

The order has no grades or classes.

The medal of the order is made of silver. It has a gilded (golden) five-pointed star with green elements and end with elements of Kazakh ornament. There are silver stripes in the form of diverging (moving away) beams. There is a round blue medallion with an image of a golden sun. Under the medallion there is a red ribbon that says "KURMET" (from kaz. honour).

Fallerans

Fallerans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Flangebouche

Flangebouche is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

People’s Gratitude medal

The medal "People's Gratitude" () is a state award of the Republic of Kazakhstan. It was established by the Decree of the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan Kassym-Jomart Tokayev dated June 8, 2020.

The medal is given to Kazakh civilians for their works in education, health care, social protection and for their works to COVID-19 pandemic response.

The Medal is given by the President of the Republic of Kazakhstan, as well as on behalf of and by order of the President, the State Secretary, Akims of provinces and cities of Nur-Sultan, Almaty and Shymkent and other officials.

The medal is awarded publicly in a ceremony. Before the awards ceremony, a decree of the President on awarding is announced. Every medal has a certificate issued during the ceremony.

The medal has a coin-like medallion and a suspension brooch. The round shape medallion is 32 mm in diameter. It is made of goldish brass.

There is the "Birgemiz" logo on the obverse of the medal in the foreground. The upper part of the medal is decorated with a Kazakh ornamental pattern. There is an inscription (People’s Gratitude) at the bottom. The reverse of the medal is decorated with a Kazakh ornamental pattern around the circumference. There is an inscription (the Republic of Kazakhstan 2020) in the centre. The medallion is connected to a rectangular 32 mm wide suspension brooch made of goldish brass with an eye and a suspension ring. The central part is decorated with a Kazakh ornamental pattern. The background of the suspension brooch is covered with blue enamel. All the images and inscriptions on the medal are convex. The medallion edge is rimmed. The reverse of the suspension brooch includes a pin with lock. 

A total of 60 doctors and 39 policemen, 30 servicemen, 41 volunteers and 34 philanthropists were awarded the medal. In addition, the medal was given to 38 artists and educators, as well as 25 media representatives.

Fournets-Luisans

Fournets-Luisans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Savigny-le-Temple

Savigny-le-Temple is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France. In 2019, 29,987 people lived there.

The commune is in the south-eastern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Le Perreux-sur-Marne

Le Perreux-sur-Marne is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France. In 2019, 33,588 people lived there.

The commune is in the eastern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Wilhelm, Prince of Albania

Prince Wilhelm of Wied (German: "Wilhelm Friedrich Heinrich Prinz zu Wied", 26 March 1876 – 18 April 1945), reigned from 7 March to 3 September 1914, when he left for exile. His reign officially ended on 31 January 1925, when the country was declared an Albanian Republic.

Le Plessis-Trévise

Le Plessis-Trévise is a commune. It is in the Val-de-Marne department in France. In 2019, 19,829 people lived there.

The commune is in the eastern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

List of current senators of Canada

This is a list of members of the Senate of Canada (), the upper house of the Canadian Parliament.

, there are 90 senators. 41 senators are part of the Independent Senators Group. 16 are part of senate caucus of the Conservative Party of Canada. 14 senators are part of the Progressive Senate Group. 12 are part of the Canadian Senators Group. 7 aren't part of any group. 15 seats are empty.

Members of the Senate of Canada can be the representatives of a political party if agreed by themselves and their party.The current party standings in the Senate of Canada these:

Twenty-five current senators are scheduled to retire before the end of 2025: 


Furthest year of retirement of existing senators, by prime minister


Multiculturalism in the United Kingdom

Multiculturalism is the presence of several distinct cultural or ethnic groups within a society. In the UK, this usually means people who are visibly different, because of the colour of their skin, their clothing, or their behaviour.

Multiculturalism in the UK has its roots in the early seventeenth century. The UK had the biggest Empire in the history of the world - the British Empire. In the nineteenth century, it covered roughly 25% of the world's land surface and ruled around one-fifth of the entire population of the world. In the age of colonialism, the culture of all the colonies, like India, Australia, New Zealand, Egypt, and many other countries collided together. From 1801-81, the United Kingdom saw many immigrants arrive on British shores due to a booming economy domestically. In this period, over 2,000,000 people from Ireland moved to Great Britain, and over 1,500,000 from Germany and other parts of Europe arrived as well.

Since the time of the British Empire, many people have moved to the UK. After World War II, the UK needed more people to fill labour shortages, so it motivated Commonwealth citizens to come to Britain; viewed by many as the "mother country". During the Great War, one quarter of a million Belgians came to Britain to escape the wrath of the war. During the 1930s before World War II, Jews started to migrate to the UK with the rise of Hitler and fascism across the continent. During the 1940s to 1960s, Polish people were invited to come and stay in the United Kingdom with the promise of jobs and a house. Due to the massive migration of Polish people since, the Polish community is deeply anchored in present society. From the 1950s to 1960s immigrants from Pakistan and India settled in the UK. The year 1972 saw a further increase in Asian arrivals in the United Kingdom, those who had been expelled by dictator Idi Amin of Uganda. Though the immigrants helped the UK by contribution to the workforce, racism was a big problem in British society.

Since 2016, immigration from outside Europe has increased considerably in the UK, as it has in most European countries. 

Most immigrants come and live in cities, where there are other people from their community. In the past they mostly settled in seaports. Immigrant communities in London, Liverpool and Glasgow are very old, and were started by sailors. Chinese people moved out of the cities and started laundries and restaurants, often in small country towns where they were the only immigrants. George Formby made several songs about "Mr. Wu", a Chinese laundry man in the 1930s.

In the 1960s, the UK made a change to immigration policy. The immigration policy of Britain became more about tolerating immigrants, but not actively caring about integration. In 1962, the Commonwealth Immigrants bill was passed to restrict immigration. There was quite a lot of discrimination against immigrants. The punk singer John Lydon, who was born in London in 1956, called his autobiography "No Irish, No Blacks, No Dogs." His parents were poor Irish immigrants who settled in North London. People say these words were used by landlords then. That may not be true, but there were certainly signs saying “no West Indians”. As Lydon says, Irish people blend in better than the Jamaicans.

Enoch Powell, when he was Minister for Health, recruited nurses for the NHS from the Caribbean. Later, in 1968 he made a speech and said that if the United Kingdom let too many immigrants in, there would be bloodshed in the streets.

The Race Relations Act 1965 was the first law in the UK to say that discrimination on the "grounds of colour, race, or ethnic or national origins" in public places in Great Britain was prohibited. It was followed by more, stronger, laws. 

Today, there is still a strong connection with many of the old colonies and most of them are still part of the Commonwealth of Nations. Due to this history, immigrants from all over the world come to the UK and bring with them their food, religion, and music; this forms the multicultural society of the UK. 

About 14.4% of the people in the United Kingdom in 2021 were born overseas. About 3,346,000 of them lived in London. 18% of people counted in the 2021 Census said they belonged to a Black, Asian, mixed or other ethnic group. In the Community Life Survey 2019/20 84% of these people said they felt strongly that they belonged to Britain. 

Although 'multiculturalism' initially seemed like a good idea on paper, it has proven difficult in practice given some new groups' desire for greater recognition and rights in recent years. The UK has increased its multicultural representation in recent years as well but is still struggling with issues related to 'multiculturalism'. Overall, it's important to understand and respect each cultural group without giving them preferential treatment- doing so can help create a more unified nation that is far richer from a cultural perspective.

The following table shows that the UK is home to numerous ethnic minorities. Most immigrants come from India, Poland, Pakistan, and Ireland. Around 90% of immigrants who entered the UK went to England. They settled in English cities, giving England the largest number of cultural districts.

Language plays an important part in the multicultural aspect of Britain. English is the main language for 92% of the UK (48.9M people). Less than 5% of the population aged 3 to 15 had a main language other than English in 2011. Foreign languages are concentrated in London, where 21% of people don't speak English, or at least not well. These are the top 5 languages spoken at home other than English: Polish, Indian dialect, Arabic, French, and all other Chinese. However, in the UK, 1.6% of the British population doesn't speak English at all.

There are numerous cultural districts in which immigrants of a nation have settled and brought their culture with them to their new homeland. In Brick Lane, in London's East End, mainly people from Bangladesh have settled. There, for example, there are also street names that have been translated into Bengali under the English sign. The street is best known these days for its South Asian restaurants and street markets. Since the 19th century, the Richmond district has been shaped primarily by German immigrants. After a German school was founded there, the district became even more attractive as an emigration destination for Germans.

Multiculturalism can also be seen in food. 

From 2018 to 2019, there was a total of 103,379 hate crimes recorded by the police in England and Wales, and 8% of hate crimes were related to religion.

This multiculturalism is also caused by the increasing birth rate of other ethnic groups in England: in 2016, 90,500 births from other ethnic groups and in 2020, 158,000. 

In London, we find over 200 languages spoken and nearly one-third of the population was born abroad. It is considered the most multicultural city in Europe for some. As seen in the table above, only 43.4% are white British. This is because most of them are moving to the countryside instead of the city, which is a rural migration. It is a city filled with culturally diverse areas, especially Chinatown with its Chinese bakeries, restaurants, and supermarkets/stores, Camden Town and Brixton that was declared as the unofficial capital of British, African, and Caribbean descent. It is also home to many religions.


Archduke of Austria

An Archduchess or Archduke was the son/daughter of the Emperor or Kaiser of Austria.

Zavodoukovsk

Zavodoukovsk () is a town in Tyumen Oblast, Russia. It is southeast of Tyumen on the Bolshoy Uk River. In 2010, 25,647 people lived there.

Ishim

Ishim () (previously known as Korkina Sloboda: until 1782) is a town in Tyumen Oblast, Russia. In 2010, 65,243 people lived there.

Sverdlovsk Oblast

Sverdlovsk Oblast (, "Sverdlovskaya oblast") is a federal subject (an oblast) of Russia. Its administrative center is the city of Yekaterinburg, formerly known as Sverdlovsk. In 2010, 4,297,747 people lived in the oblast.

Voronezh Oblast

Voronezh Oblast (, "Voronezhskaya oblast") is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast). Its administrative center is the city of Voronezh. In 2010, 2,335,380 people lived in the oblast.

Kursk Oblast

Kursk Oblast (, "Kurskaya oblast") is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast). Its administrative center is the city of Kursk. In 2010, 1,127,081 people lived in the oblast.

Ananindeua

Ananindeua is an Brazilian city in the state of Pará. 535,547 people lived here in 2020 that makes it the second-largest city in the state by population.

Franz Strasser

Franz Strasser (1899 - 10 December 1945) was a convicted Nazi murderer. He was sentenced to death by hanging. The sentence was carried out on 10 December 1945.

Santarém, Pará

Santarém is an Brazilian city in the state of Pará. The Tapajós joins the Amazon River there, and it is a popular location for tourism.

Santarém is the third-largest city in the state by population.

Fuans

Fuans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Germéfontaine

Germéfontaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gilley, Doubs

Gilley is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Roulans

Roulans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Amagney

Amagney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Amancey

Amancey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

American Song Contest

The American Song Contest is an American music reality competition television series based on the Eurovision Song Contest. It sees all 50 U.S. states, five territories, and Washington, D.C. compete for the title of Best Original Song. The contest takes place between March 21 and May 9, 2022, and airs on NBC. The show is hosted by the rapper, songwriter, media personality, actor, and entrepreneur Snoop Dogg and the singer, songwriter, actress, author, and television personality Kelly Clarkson.

Some of the competitors are famous singers include: Allen Stone (famous soul and R&B singer and musician from Chewelah, Washington), Michael Bolton (famous New Havener singer), Christian Pagán (winner of Idol Puerto Rico), Jordan Smith (famous singer from Harlan).

The latest winner (and first) of the American Song Contest is K-pop idol AleXa of Oklahoma, achieving her state's first win of the contest (and first of the competition) in Universal City, California in 2022, with her song "Wonderland".

The American Song Contest was postponed in favor of the "America's Got Talent: Extreme" due to COVID-19 related concerns involving the Omicron variant.

The show is also set to be broadcast in multiple European countries, as well as in Canada:



Cathedral of Christ the Saviour

The Cathedral of Christ the Savior (), is a Russian Orthodox cathedral located in Moscow on Sparrow Hill, on the banks of the Moskva River, it is known for having been demolished in the 1930s for the construction of the Palace of the Soviets, which was never made.

The Original Cathedral had been built by order of Tsar Alexander I of Russia, in honor of Christ the Savior, stating on December 25, 1812: ""To express our gratitude to Divine Providence for saving Russia from the Ruin that overshadowed it"" (due to the Napoleonic Wars), the design of the cathedral was in charge of the architect Aleksandr Lavrentyevich Vitberg in 1817, who designed it with a Neoclassical design in the style of Masonic Symbolism, after the succession of Alexander I by his brother, Nicholas I, he would not like the architecture of the previous design and would hire his trusted architect Konstantin Thon.

The new architect would be based on the design of Neo-Byzantinism, and would be based on Hagia Sophia (Previously the Basilica of Saint Sophia until the Fall of Constantinople), in Istanbul and in 1832 the Russian Architectural Renaissance would be approved, in the place a old Convent and Church and the first stone would be laid until 1839, the interior would be painted by the best Russian painters of the time and the scaffolding would not be removed until 1860, and the dome would be placed using the Electroplating technique, and in 1882 Tchaikovsky would premiere the "1812 Overture", even though the cathedral was half finished, it would finally be consecrated on May 26, 1883, one day after the coronation of Alexander III, its interior had paintings of Russian saints and the Napoleonic withdrawal from Moscow.

After the Russian Revolution, the place was closed due to religious persecution in Russia. After the death of Lenin and succession by Stalin, he saw the Churches in Moscow as an unnecessary space and would decide to demolish them. In the place of the Cathedral, the Construction of a Palace for the Supreme Soviet of the USSR, and in 1930 this idea would start, this work would be in charge of Mikhail Kalinin and before demolishing the cathedral, around 25 tons of gold would be removed, Stalin saw the cathedral as an unnecessary luxury for the Soviet state and the demolition would begin on July 23, 1931 to try to erase Russia's imperial past, which this cathedral represented.

After the demolition the land would be flattened and a ditch would be made, and in 1938 the foundations of the new palace would be laid but the construction would stop due to the flooding of the river and the German invasion of the USSR, the material for the palace would be destined for the war, the project would try to resume construction but finally it would be canceled in 1957 and the Moskva Pool would be built in the place, the largest heated pool in the world, after the Fall of the USSR, many people asked for the reconstruction of the cathedral which would begin in 1995 to be finally consecrated in 2000, would be reconstructed in detail based on photos and the original plan of the Konstantin Thon cathedral.

The punk rock group Pussy Riot organized a Guerrilla rig in front of this cathedral due to the support of the Orthodox Church to Vladimir Putin, three of the members were arrested.


Minority language

A minority language is a language spoken by a minority of the population. There are 196 sovereign states and about 5,000 to 7,000 languages. This makes most languages in every country are a minority language. Some minority languages are also official languages. This happens with Irish in Ireland.



Estadio Mansiche

Estadio Mansiche is a football stadium in Peru. They play host to the most important football clubs from Trujillo, Carlos A. Mannucci and Universidad César Vallejo.

Estadio Manuel Rivera Sánchez

Estadio Manuel Rivera Sánchez is a football stadium in Chimbote, Peru. They play host to the José Gálvez FBC.

Catholic University Los Angeles of Chimbote

Catholic University Los Angeles of Chimbote, also known in Spanish as Universidad Católica Los Ángeles de Chimbote (ULADECH CATOLICA), is a private university with main campus located in Chimbote, Peru.


Second Mexican Empire

The Second Mexican Empire (), Officially the Mexican Empire (), was a Constitutional Monarchy and Client state of the Second French Empire in Mexico, it was ruled by Maximilian of Habsburg who ruled as "Maximilian I of Mexico" and his wife "Charlotte of Mexico", it was established during the Second French intervention in Mexico as a client state to compete with the powerful United States, This is nothing related to the First Mexican Empire of Agustín I.

Tony Harrington

Tony Harrington is an English football referee who referees in the Premier League. He was promoted to Select Group 1 in June 2021.

He was promoted to a Select Group 2 referee in 2016.

On May 22nd 2021, Tony refereed the 2021 FA Trophy Final at Wembley Stadium. Only eight days later, Harrington was back at Wembley when he officiated the 2021 EFL League One play-off Final between Blackpool and Lincoln City.

After becoming a Select Group 1 referee in June 2021, Harrington officiated his first Premier League game on 16 December 2021.

He is the grandson of former Hartlepool United player Tommy McGuigan who is in the club's record books for top 10 number of appearances and goals for the club.

Harrington supports his hometown club, Hartlepool.

The Golden Coach

The Golden Coach (; ) is a 1952 French Italian comedy drama movie directed by Jean Renoir and is based on the 1829 play "Le Carrosse du Saint-Sacrement" (The Coach of the Blessed Sacrament) by Prosper Mérimée. It stars Anna Magnani, Odoardo Spadaro, Duncan Lamont, Nada Fiorelli.


Xenohyla eugenioi

Xenohyla eugenioi is a frog that lives in Brazil. People have seen it between 128 and 960 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog in bromeliad plants that grow in dry forests and on rocky ground. Scientists believe the frog's tadpoles swim in ponds that dry up for part of the year, but they are not sure.

This frog is not in danger of dying out, but there are fewer of them than there were. Scientists say this is because human beings take away its bromeliad plants and change the places where the frog lives to make farms and places for animals to eat grass and to get wood to build with.

Indo-pacific sailfish

The Indo-Pacific sailfish ("Istiophorus platypterus") is a sailfish that is native to the Indian Ocean and the Pacific. It is a predator that occurs almost globally, in tropical and subtropical seas. There's also another species, the Atlantic sailfish, "Istiophorus albicans", which occurs in the Atlantic Ocean. The two species are very similar, and more and more scientists think they are the same species. The fish occur in areas between 35° and 45° northern and southern latitude. The fish feed on smaller fish, crustaceans and molluscs. Fully grown, the fish reach a length of . They reach a weight between and . They also occur in the Red Sea, and have migrated to the Mediterranean, as a Lessepsian migrant.

Les Abymes

Les Abymes is a commune in France. It is the most populous commune in the overseas department of Guadeloupe.

Beverly Hills Cop III

Beverly Hills Cop III is a 1994 American action comedy movie directed by John Landis and starring Eddie Murphy, Judge Reinhold, Héctor Elizondo, Timothy Carhart, John Saxon, Theresa Randle, Alan Young, Stephen McHattie, Joey Travolta, John Singleton. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was the weakest of the "Beverly Hills Cop" franchise.

Graham Scott (referee)

Graham David Scott (born 10 October 1968) is an English professional football referee who officiates in the Premier League. 

He studied at Abingdon School from 1980 to 1987 and the London School of Economics. In 2015, he was promoted to the Select Group of Referees, who officiate the matches in the Premier League. He replaced long-time referee Chris Foy. In 2016, former referee Keith Hackett suggested the promotion was "a mistake". The PGMOL wanted to demote Scott at the end of the 2016—17 season because he only refereed a few matches. However, Scott appealed against his demotion and retained his place for the 2017—18 season. A number of improved performances has led him to officiate an increased number of matches, with 13 Premier League matches and an EFL League Cup semi-final by the end of January 2018.

Illinois City, Illinois

Illinois City is an unincorporated community on the Mississippi River. It is across the river from Muscatine, Iowa. The area is in southwestern Rock Island County.

Kehl

Kehl is a town in Ortenaukreis in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the river Rhine, directly opposite the French city of Strasbourg.

Kehl is twinned with:

Montmorency, Val-d'Oise

Montmorency is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France. In 2019, 21,723 people lived there.

The commune is in the northern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Enghien-les-Bains

Enghien-les-Bains is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France. In 2019, 11,470 people lived there.

The commune is in the northern suburbs of Paris, from the center. It is a famous spa town, also known for its casino.

London Metal Exchange

The London Metal Exchange (LME) is the world's largest market in metals. The activities are organised into categories. 

The main categories are forward contracts, futures contracts and options on base metals. Forward contracts decide the price at a time in the future. Futures contracts set the price for delivery at a specific time, but is between parties not yet known to each other. Options are the right but not the obligation to buy or sell.

The Exchange also offers contracts on ferrous metal (iron(II) oxide) and precious metals. The LME also allows for cash trading. It offers hedging, an investment to avoid loss, worldwide reference pricing, and the option of physical delivery to settle contracts.

Select traders do go into a ring (of seats), and round the ring are a couple of dozen other traders. These days there are people on phones and many trades are done electronically. "Open-outcry" is the oldest method of dealing, and it is done along with all the modern methods. This qualified to deal in the ring are a select group of nine companies. About 100 other companies do trade at the LME.

Viersen

Viersen is the capital of Viersen in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is about 8 km north-west of Mönchengladbach, 15 km south-west of Krefeld and 20 km east of Venlo (Netherlands).

Viersen is twinned with:

Amreeka

Amreeka is a 2009 American United Arab Emirates Canadian Kuwaiti Jordanian drama movie directed by first time director Cherien Dabis and starring Nisreen Faour, Melkar Muallem, Hiam Abbass, Alia Shawkat, Yussuf Abu-Warda, Joseph Ziegler, Miriam Smith.

Arizona Colt Returns

Arizona Colt Returns () is a 1970 Italian Spanish western movie directed by first time director Sergio Martino and starring Anthony Steffen, Marcella Michelangeli, Aldo Sanbrell.

Luziânia

Luziânia is an Brazilian city in the state of Goiás, 68 km south of Brasília. Its area is 3,961.536 km² and 211,508 people lived here in 2020.

Swords, Dublin

Swords ( or ) is the county town of County Fingal in Ireland. It is about 10 km north of Dublin.

Paysandú

Paysandú is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Paysandú Department.

Ciudad de la Costa

Ciudad de la Costa is a city in Canelones Department in Uruguay. It was founded on 19 October 1994.

Artigas, Uruguay

Artigas is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Artigas Department. Its name comes from the national hero José Gervasio Artigas.

Abbas the Great

Abbas the Great or Abbas I of Persia (Persian: شاه عباس بزرگ; 27 January 1571 – 19 January 1629) was a Persian ruler, the 5th Safavid Shahanshah of Iran, and is generally considered one of the greatest rulers of Iranian history and the Safavid dynasty. He was the third son of Shah Mohammad Khodabanda.

Muhammad Kodabanda had weak eyes and was not determined in the administration of the country and the monarchy. He was not a suitable politician to run Persia. Abbas the Great, with the help of Qizilbash tribal leaders, managed to gradually took power from his father during numerous wars, such as the Khorasan Wars, and finally sat on the throne in 1588.

Abbas was a member of the Safavid dynasty of Kurdısh origin, the Safavid family were descendants of the Persian dervish ("mystic") Safi ad-Din Ardabili. His mother, Khairun Nissa was of Mazanderani origin.

Trinidad, Uruguay

Trinidad is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Flores Department. In 2011, 21,429 people lived there.

Trinidad was founded on 14 April 1804 by Manuel Ubeda.

Formerly it was called "Santísima Trinidad de los Porongos", or simply "Porongos". Even to this day, the inhabitants are known as 'trinitarios' or 'porongueros'.

Oliwia Dabrowska

Oliwia Dabrowska is a Polish actress known for "Schindler's List". She has also become famous by helping refugees of the Russian invasion of Ukraine. In 2023 she led a worldwide campaign of peace and became an international symbol of HOPE. 

Dabrowska was born on 28 May 1989 in Kraków, Poland. She starred in movies such as "Schindler's List", "The Seventh Room" and "The List of Lovers", mostly getting fame from "Schindler's List". In 2022, she was noticed by many because she was helping Ukrainian refugees who were fleeing the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Tacuarembó

Tacuarembó is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Tacuarembó Department.

Mercedes, Uruguay

Mercedes is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Soriano Department.

Tussilago

Tussilago (also known as coltsfoot) is a plant within the Asteraceae family, The plant is typically 10–30 cm in height.

Canelones, Uruguay

Canelones is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Canelones Department.

Source: "Instituto Nacional de Estadística de Uruguay"

Canelones

Canelones can mean:

Juliaca

Juliaca is a city in Peru. It is in the Puno Region.

Minas, Uruguay

Minas is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Lavalleja Department.

San José de Mayo

San José de Mayo is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the San José Department.

Florida, Uruguay

Florida is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Florida Department.

Rocha, Uruguay

Rocha is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Rocha Department. It was founded in 1793.

Las Piedras, Uruguay

Las Piedras is a city in Canelones Department in Uruguay. About 70,000 people lived there and it is part of the Greater Montevideo agglomeration.

Las Piedras was founded in 1744.

Public defender (United States)

In the United States, a public defender is an attorney-at-law appointed by the courts and given by the state or federal governments to represent and advise those who cannot afford to hire a private attorney. Public defenders are full-time attorneys hired by the state or federal governments. The public defender program is one of many types of criminal legal aid in the United States.

Dwayne Haskins

Dwayne Haskins Jr. (May 3, 1997 – April 9, 2022) was an American football quarterback who played in the National Football League (NFL) for three seasons. He played for the Washington Redskins / Washington Football Team from 2019 until 2020 and for the Pittsburgh Steelers in 2021. Haskins was born in Highland Park, New Jersey.

Haskins was killed on April 9, 2022 in Boca Raton, Florida after getting hit by a car, aged 24.

Goux-les-Usiers

Goux-les-Usiers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Grandfontaine-sur-Creuse

Grandfontaine-sur-Creuse is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Michel Delebarre

Michel Delebarre (27 April 1946 – 9 April 2022) was a French politician. He was a member of the Senate of France from 2011 until 2017. He represented the Nord department. He was a member of the Socialiste, radical, citoyen et divers gauche. He was also mayor of Dunkirk from 1989 until 2014. Delebarre was born in Bailleul, France.

Delebarre died on 9 April 2022 in Lille, France from problems caused by diabetes at the age of 75.

Guyans-Vennes

Guyans-Vennes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Landresse

Landresse is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Uwe Bohm

Uwe Bohm (born Uwe Enkelmann; 23 January 1962 – 9 April 2022) was a German actor. He appeared in over 70 movies and television shows. His career began in 1976. He was in the 1990 movie "Herzlich willkommen", which was entered into the 40th Berlin International Film Festival. Bohm was born in Hamburg, then-West Germany. 

Bohm was also in the movies "In the Shadows" (2010), "Gold" (2013), "Sanctuary" (2015) and "Tschick" (2016).

Bohm died on 9 April 2022 in Hamburg of a possible heart attack, aged 60.

Laviron

Laviron is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Longechaux

Longechaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Longemaison

Longemaison is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Carlos Barrera Sánchez

Carlos Barrera Sánchez (3 December 1950 – 7 April 2022) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the Aranese Democratic Convergence. He was Sindic d'Aran from 1995 to 2007 and again from 2011 to 2019. He was born in Vielha, Spain.

Barrera Sánchez died on 7 April 2022 in Vielha from cancer at the age of 71.

Domingo Romera

Domingo Romera Alcázar (26 May 1936 – 6 April 2022) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the People's Alliance and later the People's Party. He was in the Senate of Spain from 1984 to 1986 and in the European Parliament from 1986 to 1994. Romera was born in Barcelona, Spain.

Romera died in Lleida, Spain on 6 April 2022 at the age of 85.

Longevelle-lès-Russey

Longevelle-lès-Russey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Longeville

La Longeville is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

John Creighton (rugby union)

John Neville Creighton (10 March 1937 – 6 April 2022) was a New Zealand rugby union player. He played as a hooker. He played for Canterbury at a provincial level in over 100 games. He also played for the New Zealand national rugby union team making six appearances in 1962. Creighton was born in Rotherham, New Zealand.

Creighton died in Christchurch, New Zealand on 6 April 2022 at the age of 85.

Karine Danielyan

Karine Danielyan (; 9 June 1947 – 4 April 2022) was an Armenian environmentalist and politician. She was Minister of Nature and Environment Protection from 1991 to 1994. She was born in Yerevan, Armenia.

Danielyan died on 4 April 2022 in Yerevan at the age of 74.

Loray

Loray is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The neighbouring communes are Domprel, Flangebouche, Grandfontaine-sur-Creuse, Orchamps-Vennes, Plaimbois-Vennes, La Sommette and Vennes.

Vennes

Vennes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The neighbouring communes are Fournets-Luisans, Guyans-Vennes, Loray, Orchamps-Vennes and Plaimbois-Vennes.

Orchamps-Vennes

Orchamps-Vennes is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Magny-Châtelard

Magny-Châtelard is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Montbenoît

Montbenoît is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Montflovin

Montflovin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Orsans, Doubs

Orsans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Shane Bieber

Shane Robert Bieber (born May 31, 1995) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Guardians of Major League Baseball (MLB). He was named an All-Star in 2019 and 2021.

Orsans

Orsans is the name of two communes in France:

Franmil Reyes

Franmil Federico Reyes (born July 7, 1995) is a Dominican professional baseball outfielder and designated hitter for the Cleveland Guardians of Major League Baseball (MLB) since 2019. He made his MLB debut with the San Diego Padres in 2018.

Triston McKenzie

Triston Andrew McKenzie (born August 2, 1997) is an American professional baseball pitcher for the Cleveland Guardians of Major League Baseball (MLB). He made his MLB debut in 2020.

Ouhans

Ouhans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. The source of the river Loue is in the commune.

Ouvans

Ouvans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Passonfontaine

Passonfontaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

HD1 (galaxy)

HD1 is a possible high-redshift galaxy. It is thought to be the earliest and most distant known galaxy yet identified in the observable universe.

The discovery of HD1 (RA:10:01:51.31 DEC:+02:32:50.0) in the Sextans constellation, along with a related galaxy, HD2 (RA:02:18:52.44 DEC:-05:08:36.1) in the Cetus constellation. It was reported by astronomers at the University of Tokyo on 7 April 2022.

San Carlo Canavese

San Carlo Canavese is a "comune" (municipality) in the Metropolitan City of Turin in the Italian region of Piedmont.

Pierrefontaine-les-Varans

Pierrefontaine-les-Varans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Renédale

Renédale is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Rosureux

Rosureux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Saint-Gorgon-Main

Saint-Gorgon-Main is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Jimmy Tarbuck

James Joseph Tarbuck (born 6 February 1940) is an English comedian, singer, actor, entertainer and game show host. He was a host of "Sunday Night at the London Palladium". He also hosted many game shows and quiz shows on ITV during the 1970s, 1980s and early 1990s. 

In February 2020, Tarbuck revealed that, the day after his 80th birthday, he had been diagnosed with prostate cancer.

Paul Gambaccini

Paul Matthew Gambaccini (born April 2, 1949) is an American-British radio and television presenter and author. He is known as "The Great Gambo" and "The Professor of Pop". Gambaccini was a BBC Radio 1 presenter for 16 years. He presented "Kaleidoscope".

He was the host of the 12-part Classic FM series "Paul Gambaccini's Hall of Heroes", and chairs the Radio 4 music quiz "Counterpoint". He has been the presenter of "Pick of the Pops" on BBC Radio 2.

On 1 November 2013, it was reported that Gambaccini had been arrested on possible sexual offences as part of an investigation by Operation Yewtree in the United Kingdom. He was released on bail and his spokesman said that he denied the allegations. It was announced on 10 October 2014 that no charges would be brought. Gambaccini said he believed he was used as "bait" to have people make false accusations about him. He was cleared of all charges and eventually successfully sued police officials.

Gambaccini is openly gay.

Septfontaines, Doubs

Septfontaines is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sombacour

Sombacour is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Sommette

La Sommette is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Vellerot-lès-Vercel

Vellerot-lès-Vercel is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Vercel-Villedieu-le-Camp

Vercel-Villedieu-le-Camp is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Vernierfontaine

Vernierfontaine is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Ville-du-Pont

Ville-du-Pont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Anteuil

Anteuil is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Amathay-Vésigneux

Amathay-Vésigneux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Amondans

Amondans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Appenans

Appenans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Arbouans

Arbouans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Arc-et-Senans

Arc-et-Senans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Arcey, Doubs

Arcey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Audeux

Audeux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Houplin-Ancoisne

Houplin-Ancoisne is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 3,337 people lived there.


Sainghin-en-Mélantois

Sainghin-en-Mélantois is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2019, 2,830 people lived there.


Rozvadov

Rozvadov () is a municipality and village in Tachov District in the Plzeň Region of the Czech Republic. It is on the border with Germany.


Vertigo Records

Vertigo Records is a record company. It started in the United Kingdom. It was first created for progressive rock in 1969. Today a bigger company called Universal Music Germany runs it.

Anthology (disambiguation)

An anthology is a group of items collected together. They may have similar themes, characters or settings or they could be entirely different.

Anthology may also refer to: 


West Java

West Java () is a province of Indonesia. It is in the western part of Java. Its capital city is Bandung. It is the native home of the Sundanese people.

West Java was one of the first provinces created after the independence of Indonesia. In 1966, the city of Jakarta was removed from the province. Jakarta became a special city. In 2000, the western part of the province was split. This became Banten province.

Hal Sparks

Hal Harry Magee Sparks III (born September 25, 1969) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, musician, political commentator, television and radio host and television personality. He is known for his contributions to VH1, hosting E!'s "Talk Soup", and the role of Michael Novotny on the American television series "Queer as Folk", Donald Davenport in "Lab Rats" and as the voice of Tak in the "Tak and the Power of Juju" television series and video games.

List of American scientists

This is a list of American scientists.





SquareSoft

Square Co., Ltd also known as SquareSoft Inc. was a video game company in Japan. Masafumi Miyamoto started SquareSoft in 1986. It joined with Enix to become SquareEnix in 2003.

Zapper: One Wicked Cricket

Zapper: One Wicked Cricket is a 3D platform video game developed by Blitz Games and published by Infogrames Interactive. "Zapper" was released on GameCube, Game Boy Advance, PlayStation 2, Xbox, and Microsoft Windows.

During a squabble over television, Zapper tries to use his liottle brother Zipper (a grub) as a TV antenna. But Zipper is snatched away by an infamous eagle thieving, Magpie, who leaves an egg at the scence of a crime. Unfortunately, much to his dissmay, Zapper sets off to rescue his brother, and turn Magpie into a jailbird. At the end of game, Zapper gets Zipper back after defeating Maggie, and finally sets him into TV antenna.

As Zapper the cricket, player can able to collecting the 100 fireflies and 6 eggs on each levels. Player can jump/hop or zap anywhere to clear the levels. He also can used the super zapping. to defeat enemies in his way. After collectiong all fireflies, the player can access the "Special Round", and collecting 100 coins. The gameplay is similiar to "Frogger" series.

Minden

Minden is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is the capital of the district of Minden-Lübbecke. About 81,000 people lived there.

Ornans

Ornans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2016, the former commune of Bonnevaux-le-Prieuré was merged into Ornans.

Bonnevaux-le-Prieuré

Bonnevaux-le-Prieuré is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the commune of Ornans.

Autechaux

Autechaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Autechaux-Roide

Autechaux-Roide is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Les Auxons

Les Auxons is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2015 and consists of the former communes of Auxon-Dessus (the seat) and Auxon-Dessous.

Auxon-Dessus

Auxon-Dessus is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2015, the former communes of Auxon-Dessus and Auxon-Dessous joined together and became the new commune of Les Auxons.

Auxon-Dessous

Auxon-Dessous is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2015, the former communes of Auxon-Dessus and Auxon-Dessous joined together and became the new commune of Les Auxons.

Avanne-Aveney

Avanne-Aveney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Avilley

Avilley is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Campo Limpo Paulista

Campo Limpo Paulista is a municipality in the state of São Paulo in Brazil. 85,541 people lived here in 2020 and its area is 79.4 km².

Santa Maria, Rio Grande do Sul

Santa Maria is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. Its area is 1,823.1 km² and 283,677 people lived here in 2020.

Treinta y Tres

Treinta y Tres is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Treinta y Tres Department.

Xenohyla truncata

Izecksohn's Brazilian tree frog ("Xenohyla truncata") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It is the only frog that eats fruit. Scientists have seen it no higher than 50 meters above sea level.

Some of these frogs live near sand dunes where there are cacti, shrubs, and bromeliad plants. The frogs can also live in trees where the adults hide in bromeliad plants. When it is time to lay eggs, they climb down to the forest floor. They lay eggs in pools of water that dry up for part of the year.

"Xenohyla truncata" is the only known amphibian that eats fruit. It finds the fruit and swallows it whole with no chewing. The seeds from the fruit come out of its body in its waste, which helps the plant spread. This frog only eats very small fruits and seeds, from 3 to 10 mm in size. Scientists think this frog could be a pollinator. It moves the tree's pollen, or seed-making material, from plant to plant as it looks for food. This is important because most of the pollinators we know of are insects and other animals without bones. This frog also eats insects and other animals with no bones and hard, jointed outsides.

Durazno

Durazno is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Durazno Department. About 30,000 people lived there.

Durazno is on the south banks of the Yí River. This river is an tributary to the Río Negro River.

The city was founded on 12 October 1821, under the name of "San Pedro del Durazno", as a homage to Brazilian Emperor Pedro I.

List of Bulgarian scientists

This is a list of scientists from Bulgaria.



Colonia del Sacramento

Colonia del Sacramento () is a city in southwestern Uruguay, by the Río de la Plata, facing the Argentine capital Buenos Aires. It is the oldest town in the country and capital of the Colonia Department. Around 27,000 people lived there.

Its historic quarter is a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1995.

Fray Bentos

Fray Bentos is a city in Uruguay. It is the capital of the Río Negro Department.

In 2015, the Barrio Anglo is the location of the industrial landscape that was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site as the "Fray Bentos Cultural-Industrial Landscape".

Sukkur

Sukkur (; ) is a city in Pakistan. It is in the Sindh province and is the capital of the Sukkur District.

Sullana

Sullana is a city in Peru. It is in the Piura Region.

Montivilliers

Montivilliers is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in north France.

Badevel

Badevel is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bart, Doubs

Bart is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bartherans

Bartherans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Battenans-les-Mines

Battenans-les-Mines is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Battenans-Varin

Battenans-Varin is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Belfays

Belfays is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Belleherbe

Belleherbe is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

The Raven (1935 movie)

The Raven is a 1935 American psychological horror directed by Lew Landers and was based on the 1845 poem by Edgar Allan Poe. It stars Boris Karloff, Bela Lugosi, Lester Matthews, Irene Wane, Inez Courtney, Ian Wolfe, Spencer Charters and was distributed by Universal Pictures.


Belvoir, Doubs

Belvoir is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Berche

Berche is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Berthelange

Berthelange is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Beure

Beure is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Honda, California

La Honda is a census-designated place (CDP) in San Mateo County, California.

Oakley, California

Oakley is a city in Contra Costa County, California. It is in the San Francisco Bay Area. At the 2020 United States Census, 43,357 people lived there. Oakley was incorporated in 1999.

Adam Falckenhagen

Adam Falckenhagen (26 April 1697 6 October 1754) was a German composer and lutenist (somebody who plays the lute). He was one of the last baroque composers to write music for the lute.

Falckenhagen was born in Großdalzig, a city near Leipzig. He learned to play the lute and the harpsichord. From 1719-1720 he studied in the Leipzig University. Between 1720 and 1727 he worked in Weißenfels as a court musician. He went to Dresden to study with Sylvius Leopold Weiss. In 1734 he moved to Bayreuth. He worked for Margrave Frederick of Bayreuth. He died in Bayreuth on 6 October 1754.

Bad Oeynhausen

Bad Oeynhausen is a spa town in Minden-Lübbecke in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 49,000 people lived there.

It is on the left bank of the Weser river.

Bad Oeynhausen is twinned with:

Guérard

Guérard is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France.

Yambol

Yambol () is a city in southeastern Bulgaria and is the capital of Yambol Province. About 80,000 people lived there.

Pazardzhik

Pazardzhik () is a city in southern Bulgaria and is the capital of Pazardzhik Province. It is along the banks of the Maritsa river and has about 70,000 people living there.

The city is considered known for its sports, mainly volleyball, as it has co-hosted the 1981 Men's European Volleyball Championship (with Varna and Burgas) and in early 2020, it became the European City of Sports.

Šibenik

Šibenik is a city in Croatia, located in central Dalmatia. It is on the Krka river flows into the Adriatic Sea. In 2011, 46,332 people lived there.

Karlovac

Karlovac is a city in central Croatia. In 2011, 55,705 people lived there. It is the county seat of Karlovac County.

Velika Gorica

Velika Gorica is a city in Zagreb County, Croatia. In 2011, 63,517 people lived there.

Franjo Tuđman Airport, the largest airport in Croatia, is in Velika Gorica.

Varaždin

Varaždin is a city in Croatia. In 2011, 46,946 people lived there. It is the county seat of Varaždin County.

Bikini Atoll

The Bikini atoll is a group of islands (an atoll) in the Pacific Ocean. It is part of the Ralik chain. Today, it is part of the Marshall Islands. It used to be known as Eschscholtz Atoll. The atoll is made of 23 islands, which have a surface area of . The lagoon is about by , and has a surface area of about . The lagoon has a depth of up to . The two biggest islands are Bikini, at and Enyu, at . 

Majuro, the capital of the Marshall Islands, is about to the south. New Guinea is about to the southwest.

Today, the atoll is mostly known for many nuclear tests, done by the US government in the 1940s, and 1950s. In 1946, about 200 people were moved from these two islands, all other islands of the atoll were uninhabited. The people were moved to the smaller Rongerik Atoll, which was uninhabited at the time. 

Over 42.000 people were taking part in the nuclear tests. In total, 67 tests were done.

In the 1970s, about 100 people again moved to the islands, but they had to leave again, because high levels of Strontium-90 and Caesium-137 were found. Today, the atoll is largely uninhabited, except for a few caretakers.

Even though the atoll may be habitable again soon, there's a problem: Many of the Bikini islanders (or their offspring) have never lived on the island, and haven't even visited it. There's a high unemployment rate on the Marshall islands. As the Marshall islands have a special agreement with the United States, unemployed people from the Marshall islands can go look for jobs in the United States. It is therefore unclear how many of the original islanders or their offspring will return to the atoll.

San Leo

San Leo is a "comune" in the Province of Rimini in the Italian region of Emilia-Romagna.

San Leo is next to these municipalities: Acquaviva (San Marino), Chiesanuova (San Marino), Città di San Marino (San Marino), Maiolo, Montecopiolo, Monte Grimano, Novafeltria, Sassofeltrio, Torriana, Verucchio.

Sassofeltrio

Sassofeltrio is a "comune" in the Province of Rimini in the Italian region of Emilia-Romagna. It is about southeast of Bologna and about south of Rimini.

Sassofeltrio is next to these municipalities: Chiesanuova (San Marino), Faetano (San Marino), Fiorentino (San Marino), Gemmano, Mercatino Conca, Montegiardino (San Marino), Monte Grimano, Montescudo, San Leo, Verucchio.

Talamello

Talamello is a "comune" in the Province of Rimini in the Italian region of Emilia-Romagna. It is about southeast of Bologna and about south of Rimini.

Talamello is next to these municipalities: Maiolo, Mercato Saraceno, Novafeltria, Sogliano al Rubicone.

Livigno

Livigno is a "comune" in the Province of Sondrio in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is in the Italian Alps, near the Swiss border.

Javier Chércoles Blázquez

Javier Chércoles Blázquez born in Caracas (Venezuela) in 1964, is a director in fashion sector, university professor and crisis advisor in humanitarian disasters. 

He holds a degree in Law from UNED and in Economics and Business from Universidad Complutense. 

Between 2000 and 2010 he worked for Inditex, a multinational based in Galicia. Chércoles was responsible for preparing Zara 's "Internal Code of Ethics", a document that regulates the operation of the factories that work for Inditex. 

He also worked for PwC . 

In 2008, Chércoles went to Bangladesh to personally check the situation of a factory in Dhaka, where there were verbal and physical abuse, as well as salary cuts. Chércoles acknowledged that the factory was in "very bad" condition, but said there was no evidence they were manufacturing for Inditex. He later discovered that he was associated with another factory that produced clothes for Zara. The workshops were close to each other, and Chércoles admitted that it was possible to transfer part of the production from one to another without Inditex's permission or knowledge. A few years earlier he had discovered that the victims of the Bhopal disaster had not yet been compensated, because, as he told Kofi Annan, "there is no way to calculate them, nor any political intention (to pay them)". 

As CSR director, he decided to deepen labor controls in the production chain, control measures with which Inditex's management did not agree. In 2010 he left the position receiving 1.57 million euros. 

In April 2013, in Dhaka, the capital of Bangladesh, the Rana Plaza building collapsed and 1,134 workers were killed. He was hired by Primark to pay 14 million euros to victims being the first multinational to deal with compensation. 

He was voluntarily confined to the monastery of Santo Domingo de Silos for six months to write his doctoral thesis in the English language . Since June 2013, he has been working as a professor at the University of Dhaka, Bangladesh, at the Institute of Disaster & Vulnerability Management Studies.

He was also a professor at Complutense, URJC and ESADE Universities and an academic lecturer at Harvard, Georgetown (United States), Andrés Bello (Caracas, Venezuela) and Antonio Ruiz de Montoya (Lima, Peru) universities 



Brunate

Brunate is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Italian region of Lombardy.

Beutal

Beutal is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bief

Bief is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Blamont

Blamont is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Gravataí

Gravataí is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul, near Porto Alegre. About 280,000 people lived there.

Altamira, Pará

Altamira is a municipality in the state of Pará, in northern Brazil. It has an area of , making it the largest municipality by area both in Pará state and Brazil. 115,969 people lived here in 2020.

Barcelos, Amazonas

Barcelos is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Amazonas. 27,638 people lived here in 2020 and its area is , making it the second-largest municipality by area in Brazil (after Altamira, Pará).

Shrimad Vidyadhiraj Teerth Swamiji

Shrimad Vidyadhiraj Teerth ( 3 August 1945 – 19 July 2021), was a Hindu philosopher & 23rd peethadhish of Gokarna math. He was the Mathadipathi of the Partagali Gokarna math of Goa from 26th Feb 1967 to 19 July 2021.

Rugrats Go Wild

Rugrats Go Wild is a 2003 animated adventure comedy movie. It is based on the Nickelodeon TV show Rugrats. It was the last movie in the rugrats series.

Renfield

Renfield is an upcoming American dark fantasy horror-comedy film directed by Chris McKay and written by Ryan Ridley. It is based on an original pitch by Robert Kirkman. It stars Nicholas Hoult as Renfield, a henchman to Count Dracula who decides to leave his line of work after falling in love. Nicolas Cage, Awkwafina, Ben Schwartz, Adrian Martinez, Shohreh Aghdashloo, Bess Rous, and James Moses Black co-star. The film is scheduled to be released on April 14, 2023, by Universal Pictures.

Count Dracula's lackey Renfield finds a new lease on life when he falls in love with Rebecca Quincy, a feisty traffic officer.


Mutualism (economic theory)

Mutualism is a thought and economic theory.




Oedipus complex

Oedipus complex is a term Sigmund Freud introduced. Freud said it was that someone wanted to have a sexual relationship with the parent of the opposite sex, and to kill the parent of the same sex. Freud uses the figure Oedipus, from Greek mythology: Oedipus killed a man in a fight, when he didn't know this man was his father, king Laios of Thebes. In that time, the Sphinx besieged Thebes, and gave riddles to those who passed. Those who weren't able to answer or solve the riddles, would be killed or eaten. Oedipus was able to solve the riddle, and as a prize, he received Iokaste, the widow of king Laios. He didn't know that Iokaste was his mother. The Sphinx was very ashamed that someone had been able to solve the riddle, and killed itself. 

Freud developed a whole theory, and he says that humans are driven, which is comomnly known as drive theory ("Triebtheorie" in German). He said that all children between ages three and five have what he called fantasies of incest. He also thought that the opposite case: the love of the same-sex parent, and the rivalry with the opposite-sex parent was normal. 

After Freud, people like Carl Gustav Jung made a difference between the Oedipus complex they associated with boys, and a similar phenomenon they called Electra complex they associated with girls.

Ostrov (Karlovy Vary District)

Ostrov, also known as Ostrov nad Ohří (), is a town in Karlovy Vary District in the Karlovy Vary Region of the Czech Republic. About 16,000 people lived there.


First Empire of Haiti

The First Empire of Haiti (), officially Empire of Haiti (), was an Elective Monarchy on the current Island of Hispaniola, after the Independence of Haiti on January 1, 1804 by Jean-Jacques Dessalines, the Empire would be founded until September 24, 1804, and would be crowned as "Jacques I of Haiti" on October 6 of that same year, he would be assassinated on October 17, 1806 and the Empire would be dissolved to give way to the State and Republic of Haiti, it is not related to the Second Empire of Haiti by Faustin Soulouque.

During the creation of the constitution, it was known for the banning of white people from Haiti, except for the nationalized Germans and Poles.

Meg 2: The Trench

Meg 2: The Trench is a 2023 American science fiction action thriller horror movie directed by Ben Wheatley with a screenplay by Dean Georgaris, Jon Hoeber, and Erich Hoeber, based on the 1999 book "The Trench" by Steve Alten. It serves as a sequel to the 2018 movie, "The Meg". It stars Jason Statham and Cliff Curtis.

"Meg 2: The Trench" was released by Warner Bros. Pictures in the United States on August 4, 2023.


Mělník

Mělník () is a town in the Central Bohemian Region of the Czech Republic. It is the capital of the Mělník District. About 20,000 people lived there. It is at the confluence of the Elbe and Vltava rivers, about north of Prague.


Oleśnica

Oleśnica is a town in Lower Silesian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2019, 37,169 people lived there and its area is 20.96 km².

Chełm

Chełm (; ) is a city in Lublin Voivodeship in Poland. It is about from the border with Ukraine. In 2015, 63,949 people lived there.

Blarians

Blarians is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Blussangeaux

Blussangeaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Blussans

Blussans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bolandoz

Bolandoz is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bondeval

Bondeval is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bonnal

Bonnal is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Arguel, Doubs

Arguel is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Fontain.

Bonnay, Doubs

Bonnay is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bonnay

Bonnay is the name of three communes in France:

Kamen Rider Build

Kamen Rider Build is a Japanese tokusatsu drama in Kamen Rider Series.

Super Hero Time aired alongside "Uchu Sentai Kyuranger" and later "Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger". As the web series "Kamen Rider Amazons".







Bouclans

Bouclans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2018, the former commune of Vauchamps was merged into Bouclans.

Vauchamps, Doubs

Vauchamps is a former commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France. On 1 January 2018, it was merged into the commune of Bouclans.

Bourguignon, Doubs

Bourguignon is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bournois

Bournois is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Braillans

Braillans is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Branne, Doubs

Branne is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Aincourt

Aincourt is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France.

Vauréal

Vauréal is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Val-d'Oise department in north-central France. In 2019, 16,456 people lived there.

The commune is in the northwestern suburbs of Paris, from the center.

Lee Yi-hsiu

Lee Yi-hsiu ( ; born on 10 June 1988), known as History Bro (Chinese: 歷史哥), is a Taiwanese political activist, radio personality, and Internet celebrity. Lee has a master's degree. Lee supported Han Kuo-yu. Born in 1988 and raised in Kaohsiung, he has a YouTube channel.

Campbell, California

Campbell is a city in Santa Clara County, California, in the San Francisco Bay Area. In 2020, 43,959 people lived there.

Vimpeli

Vimpeli () is a municipality in Southern Ostrobothnia, Finland. It had 2,756 people living there on 31 December 2021. The municipalities next to it are Alajärvi, Lappajärvi, Perho and Veteli.

Hallapuro, Huopana, Kirkonkylä, Koskela, Lakaniemi, Pokela, Pyhälahti, Rantakylä, Sääksjärvi, Viitaniemi and Vinni.


Veteli

Veteli () is a municipality in Central Ostrobothnia, Finland. It had 3,005 people living there on 31 December 2021. The municipalities next to it are Evijärvi, Halsua, Kaustinen, Kronoby, Lappajärvi, Perho and Vimpeli.


Lestijärvi

Lestijärvi is a municipality in Central Ostrobothnia, Finland. It had 719 people living there on 31 December 2021, that makes it the smallest municipality in Central Ostrobothnia by population. The municipalities next to it are Halsua, Kinnula, Kokkola, Perho, Reisjärvi, Sievi and Toholampi.


Kauhava

Kauhava is a town and municipality in Southern Ostrobothnia, Finland. It had 15,319 people living there on 31 December 2021. The municipalities next to it are Evijärvi, Isokyrö, Lappajärvi, Lapua, Nykarleby, Pedersöre, Seinäjoki and Vörå.

The bordering municipalities of Alahärmä, Kortesjärvi and Ylihärmä were merged with Kauhava on 1 January 2009.


Saltillo Municipality

Saltillo is one of the 38 municipalities of Coahuila, in northeastern Mexico. The municipal seat is Saltillo. The municipality covers an area of 6837 km².

In 2005, the municipality had a total population of 648,929.

Meinerzhagen

Meinerzhagen is a town in Märkischer Kreis in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 21,000 people live there. It is in the Sauerland region.

Hilden

Hilden is a town in Mettmann in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. About 56,000 people live there.

Breconchaux

Breconchaux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Brères

Brères is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Channel Islands Brussels Office

The Channel Islands Brussels Office (CIBO) is an organisation which aims "to promote the interests of the Channel Islands in Europe, to represent the Channel Islands to the EU institutions, and to advise the governments of Guernsey and Jersey on EU policy issues." It was founded in 2011.

Les Bréseux

Les Bréseux is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

La Bretenière, Doubs

La Bretenière is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bretigney

Bretigney is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Bretigney-Notre-Dame

Bretigney-Notre-Dame is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Brognard

Brognard is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Buffard

Buffard is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Burgille

Burgille is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Burnevillers

Burnevillers is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Busy, Doubs

Busy is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

By, Doubs

By is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Byans-sur-Doubs

Byans-sur-Doubs is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cademène

Cademène is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cendrey

Cendrey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cernay-l'Église

Cernay-l'Église is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Cessey

Cessey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Chalèze

Chalèze is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Doubs department in east France.

Sandstorm (1982 movie)

Sandstorm (, , translit. Rih al-raml) is a 1982 Algerian drama movie directed by Mohammed Lakhdar-Hamina and starring Nadir Benguedih, Himmoud Brahimi, Leila Shenna, Sabrina Hannach, Albert Minski.

Scinax

Scinax is a genus of frogs (snouted treefrogs) in the family Hylidae. These frogs live in eastern and southern Mexico to Argentina and Uruguay, Trinidad and Tobago, and Saint Lucia. These are small to medium-sized tree frogs. Duellman and Wiens brought this genus back into use in 1992. The name originates from the Greek word "skinos", meaning fast-moving or nimble.

These species are in the genus "Scinax:"


Ronald Ryan

Ronald Joseph Ryan (21 February 1925 - 3 February 1967) was the last man hanged in Australia, there were many protests to commute his sentence however the governor of Victoria, Henry Bolte wanted him hanged.

Ronald Ryan was born on 21 February 1925 at the Royal Women's Hospital in Melbourne's inner suburb of Carlton.

Many people protested against the hanging on Ryan, with some comparing the premier Henry Bolte to Nazi leader Adolf Hitler, and calling for his death sentence to be commuted as he was believed to be innocent, however Bolte claimed that the next death sentence would go ahead no matter what, this led to him having to have the more progressive Rupert Hamer succeed him in 1972.

Ryan was executed at 8am on 3 February 1967 at HM Prison Pentridge, Melbourne and his final words were "God bless you please make this quick".

I Wake Up Screaming

I Wake Up Screaming is a 1941 American psychological crime movie directed by H. Bruce Humberstone and was based on the novel of the same name. It stars Betty Grable, Victor Mature, Carole Landis, Allyn Joslyn, Laird Cregar, Chick Chandler, Cyril Ring and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


List of minor planets: 178001–179000


List of minor planets: 179001–180000


List of minor planets: 180001–181000


List of minor planets: 181001–182000


My Stupid Boss

My Stupid Boss is a 2016 Indonesian Malaysian Bruneian adventure comedy movie directed by Upi Avianto and was based on the four part novel of the same name by Chaos@Work. It stars Reza Rahadian, Bunga Citra Lestari, Alex Abbad, Bront Palarae, Chew Kin Wah, Nadiya Nisaa. It was followed up in 2019 with "My Stupid Boss 2".


Lunana: A Yak in the Classroom

Lunana: A Yak in the Classroom () is a 2019 Bhutanese Chinese family drama movie directed by first time director Pawo Choyning Dorji and starring Sherab Dorji, Ugyen Norbu Lhendup, Kelden Lhamo Gurung, Kunzang Wangdi, Tshering Dorji. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2022.

High Sierra (movie)

High Sierra is a 1941 American crime movie directed by Raoul Walsh and was based on the novel of the same name. It stars Humphrey Bogart, Ida Lupino, Arthur Kennedy, Joan Leslie, Joan Leslie, Henry Travers, Cornel Wilde, Jerome Cowan, Isabel Jewell, Elisabeth Risdon and was distributed by Warner Bros.


Giant virus

A giant virus is a very large virus. They are sometimes called a girus. Some of them are larger than typical bacteria. All known giant viruses belong to the phylum Nucleocytoviricota.

The genomes of many giant viruses code for unusual genes which are not found in other viruses. These include genes involved in glycolysis and the TCA cycle, fermentation, and the cytoskeleton.

The first giant viruses to be described were discovered in 1981.

Note, in the illustration from an electron microscope, the virus is surrounded by a thick (~100 nm) layer of filamentous protein fibres.

There are two main hypotheses. Either they evolved from small viruses by picking up DNA from host organisms; or they evolved from very complicated organisms by genome reduction.

Agribusiness

Agribusiness (also called bio-business or bio-enterprise) refers to the enterprises, the industry, the system, and the field of study in agriculture and bio-economy.

The first goal of agribusiness is to maximize profit.

Gutian people

The Guti () or Quti, also known by the derived Gutians or Guteans, were a nomadic people of West Asia, around the Zagros Mountains (Modern Iran) during ancient times. 
Their homeland was known as Gutium (Sumerian: ,"Gu-tu-um" or ,"Gu-ti-um"). There has been little scholarly support for theories linking the Turkic names Kutrigur and Utigur to the Gutians. Widely believed to have spoken an Indo-European (rather than Turkic) language. Iranologist W. B. Henning proposed that the Yuezhi were descended from the Guti (Gutians) and a closely associated but little known tribe referred to as the Tukri (Turki), who were native to the Zagros mountains during the mid-3rd millennium BC. Analysing the grammatical structure of the Gutian language, German Assyriologists Benno Landsberger, however, came to the conclusion that the Gutians not only were closely related to Turkic peoples, but most probably even identical.


Ribeira Square

The Ribeira Square () is a historical square in Porto, Portugal. It is in the historical centre of the city and is designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO.

The square is located in the historical district of Ribeira, part of the São Nicolau parish. The Ribeira district spreads alongside the Douro river. During the Middle Ages, Ribeira Square was the site of many shops that sold fish, bread, meat and other goods.

Scinax ruber

The red-snouted tree frog, Allen's snouted tree frog, common snouted tree frog or two-striped snouted tree frog ("Scinax ruber") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Colombia, Peru, Bolivia, Venezuela, Ecuador and the Guianas. Human beings also brought it to Puerto Rico.

The adult male frog is 3.1 to 3.7 cm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 4.0 to 4.2 cm long. The male frog is yellow or almost white in color and the female frog is brown or gray in color. This frog has dark brown spots down its sides and yellow or orange spots on its legs and middle.

This frog lives in trees and looks for food at night. This frog can lay eggs at any time, but it usually does when the weather is rainy. The male frog sits on a tree branch over the water and sings for the female frog. The female frog lays her eggs, about 590 eggs at a time, on plants near the water. When the tadpoles hatch from the eggs, they fall into the water.

Vantablack

Vantablack is a substance made of carbon nanotubes. Scientists at Surrey NanoSystems invented it in 2014. They invented it so scientists and engineers could use it in inventions. In 2016, artists started fighting over Vantablack, for example Anish Kapoor and Stuart Semple.

Vantablack can absorb 99.965 percent of the light that hits it. Because it absorbs so much light, it looks very dark and black. In 2014, it was the blackest black thing in the world. It could make a flat circle look like a deep hole. Artist Anish Kapoor thought Vantablack would be good in art. In 2016, Kapoor made a deal with Surrey NanoSystems. He bought the exclusive rights to use Vantablack in art. This means Kapoor is the only artist allowed to use that black paint.

Some artists did not like that Kapoor wanted to be the only artist who could use Vantablack paint. For example, Christian Furr said "All the best artists have had a thing for pure black – Turner, Manet, Goya... This black is like dynamite in the art world. We should be able to use it. It isn't right that it belongs to one man."

Another artist Stuart Semple invented another pigment in 2016. He named it "Pinkest Pink". Semple sold Pinkest Pink to other artists on his website. But he added words to the order form in which his buyers had to promise not to give any Pinkest Pink to Anish Kapoor:

By adding this product to your cart you confirm that you are not Anish Kapoor, you are in no way affiliated to Anish Kapoor, you are not purchasing this item on behalf of Anish Kapoor or an associate of Anish Kapoor. To the best of your knowledge, information and belief this paint will not make its way into the hands of Anish Kapoor.

Semple said: "I thought I might sell one or two, but the website itself would be almost like a piece of performance art, and the pink jar would be like an artwork." This means he did not think many people would care that he was not selling his pink paint to Anish Kapoor. He also said he did it "to raise a dialogue in a debate about ownership and elitism and privilege and access to the arts".

Anish Kapoor found out about Semple's rule. He posted a picture on Instagram. The picture had a jar of Pinkest Pink and a middle finger (an insulting hand signal) covered in Pinkest Pink.

Many people saw Kapoor's Instagram picture. They wrote to Semple asking him to make a black paint like Vantablack. In 2017, Semple made black pigments called "Better Black", "Black 2.0" and "Black 3.0". He made a glitter paint called "Diamond Dust". He would not sell any to Anish Kapoor. Semple's black paint was not as black as Vantablack, but it was very, very black. It was also much easier to use and cost much less money. One tube of Black 3.0 cost ₤21.99. Semple also opened an art store in London and said he would not let Anish Kapoor come inside it.

Anish Kapoor told Buzzfeed news that his lawyers would take action against Semple because Semple was using his name so people would buy paint from him. Semple said later that Kapoor never sued him.

In 2019, scientists at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology made a paint even blacker than Vantablack. This paint could absorb 99.995 percent of light. MIT artist Diemut Strebe made artwork using this paint: Strebe painted a $2 million yellow diamond black with this paint. This made the diamond almost disappear. Strebe named the artwork "The Redemption of Vanity". It is at the New York Stock Exchange.

Strebe and the scientists said "The project can also be interpreted as a statement against British artist Anish Kapoor's purchase of" Vantablack. They said any artist who wanted could use their new paint.

São Nicolau (Porto)

São Nicolau () was a civil parish in the municipality of Porto, Portugal. In 2013, the parish merged into the new parish Cedofeita, Santo Ildefonso, Sé, Miragaia, São Nicolau e Vitória. The population in 2011 was 1,906, in an area of 0.25 km².

Monke

Monke may refer to:





Government of Portugal

The Government of Portugal is one of the four sovereignty bodies of the Portuguese Republic, together with the President of the Republic, the Assembly of the Republic and the courts. The government is responsible for the general politics of the country and is the superior body of the Portuguese public administration.

After the elections for the Assembly of the Republic or the resignation of the previous government, the president listens to the parties in the Assembly of the Republic and invites someone to form a government.

The prime minister chooses members of the council of ministers. Then the president swears in the prime minister and the Government.

Each government is identified by a roman number. The present government (formed in March 2022) is the XXIII Constitutional Government of Portugal since the establishment of the current democratic regime in 1976. 

John Monke

John Monke (c. 1659 – 13 November 1701) was an English politician who was a Member of Parliament from 1689 to 1690.

Monke was elected Member of Parliament (MP) for New Shoreham in 1689 and stood until 1690.

Monke died in November 1701.

Oostmalle Airfield

Oostmalle Airfield is an airport in the Antwerp province of the Flemish Region of Belgium. It is east of the town of Zoersel, south of the town of Oostmalle, and west of the town of Wechelderzande, in the municipality of Malle.



Overboelare Airfield

Overboelare Airfield (, ) is a private use airport near Geraardsbergen, East Flanders, Belgium.



List of airports in Belgium

This is a list of airports (aerodromes and heliports) in Belgium, sorted by location.

Names in bold show airports with scheduled service on commercial airlines.

Chiasmocleis

Chiasmocleis is a genus of frogs in the family Microhylidae. They live in tropical South America north and east of the Andes. English speakers call them humming frogs or silent frogs.

Scientists have trouble deciding where to put this genus because it looks like not all of these frogs have the same ancestor. As of mid 2021, scientists agreed to put frogs that used to be in the genus "Syncope" into "Chiasmocleis", but they also agreed to make three clades into subgenera:

Of these, "Relictocleis" is the most different from the other two. Some scientists think it should be its own genus. "Relictocleis gnoma" would be its only species.

"Chiasmocleis" frogs have small bodies and small legs. The male and female frogs look different: Male frogs have darker chins, and some of them have spines. The frogs from the subgenus "Syncope" are even smaller and have fewer bones in their paws and tose. "Relictocleis" frogs are also very small.

"Chiasmocleis" live underground some or most of the time. They are hard to see against dirt or dead leaves. They only look for food on the surface for a few days during the time when they lay eggs. This is at the beginning of the rainy season. They live in both forests and open places.

These species are in "Chiasmocleis":

Far Cry 2

Far Cry 2 is a 2008 first-person shooter game made by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. It is the second main game in the "Far Cry" series. The mobile version of the game is made and published by Gameloft.

Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege

Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege is an online tactical shooter video game made by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It was released around the world for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One on December 1, 2015; the game was also released for PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X and Series S on December 1, 2020.

Pelodryadinae

The Pelodryadinae are a subfamily of frogs. How these frogs are classified is disputed. They are found in Australo-Papuan regions.

The Amphibian Species of the World puts the Pelodryadinae in the family Pelodryadidae. There are two genera:


The AmphibiaWeb says that Pelodryadinae are in the family Hylidae and have three genera:



Ogdo Aksyonova

Ogdo Yegorovna Aksenov () (February 8, 1936 in Boganida, Taymyr Autonomous Okrug, USSR - February 14, 1995 in Dudinka, Russia) was a Dolgan poet, founder of Dolgan written literature.

Aksyonova was born in the family of a reindeer herder began writing poems in high school. For her story, "Paul Chuprin", in 1956 she was given the "Soviet Taimyr" award. She became a cultural worker, and in 1967 was awarded a "Badge of Honor." She published works in "Valery Kravets" ( "The Polar Truth") and in the popular magazine "Worker."
Later she printed poems and tales in the Dolgan language. Yakut printers promised to find the right fonts, which would take into account the specifics of Dolgan language. The book was published in 1973. It was called "Baraksan." In the second book, Aksenova wanted to build the whole song on the material. She called it "Songs Dolgan."

Ogdo Aksyonov died on the night of January 14, 1995. 

Deaths in 1995

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in 1995. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of death, must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.

Deaths in January 1995

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in January 1995. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.































Henry Bolte

Henry Bolte (20 May 1908 - 4 January 1990) was Premier of Victoria from 1955 until 1972, he received criticism for refusing to commute Ronald Ryan's death sentence, this cost him support, allowing Dick (Rupert) Hamer to become the 39th Premier of Victoria.

Bolte was born on 20 May 1908 in Ballarat, Australia.

When Ronald Ryan was sentenced to death, Henry Bolte supported this and said it would go on no matter what, which made him unpopular, he was compared to the Nazi leader Adolf Hitler.

On 24 March 1984, Bolte was involved in a serious head-on accident when he was driving home after an evening in the local hotel near his property at Bamganie.

Dom Luís I Bridge

The Dom Luís I Bridge (), or Luís I Bridge, is an arch bridge in Portugal. It goes across the River Douro. It connects the cities of Porto and Vila Nova de Gaia.

Peneda-Gerês National Park

The Peneda-Gerês National Park (, ), is a national park in northern Portugal. Created on 8 May 1971, it is the oldest protected area and the only national park in Portugal. The park have an area of .

Far Cry 5

Far Cry 5 is a 2018 first-person action-adventure shooter game, made by Ubisoft Montreal and Ubisoft Toronto and published by Ubisoft. It is the successor to 2014's "Far Cry 4", and the fifth main game in the "Far Cry" series.

Far Cry 4

Far Cry 4 is a 2014 first-person shooter game made by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It is the successor to the 2012 video game "Far Cry 3", and the fourth main game in the "Far Cry" series.

Kamen Rider Zi-O

Kamen Rider Zi-O is a Japanese tokusatsu drama in the Kamen Rider franchise.

Super Hero Time joining "Kaitou Sentai Lupinranger VS Keisatsu Sentai Patranger" and later, the miniseries "Super Sentai Strongest Battle" aired alongside "Kishiryu Sentai Ryusoulger".







Ubisoft Montreal

Ubisoft Divertissements Inc., known as Ubisoft Montreal, is a Canadian video game developer and a studio of Ubisoft based in Montreal.

Ubisoft Montreal is the main developer for games in the "Assassin's Creed", "Far Cry", "Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six", and "Watch Dogs" series.


Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six

Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six is a video game franchise published by Ubisoft that is based on American author Tom Clancy's 1998 novel "Rainbow Six". The franchise and its games is about a fictional international counter-terrorist unit called "Rainbow".

Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Extraction

Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Extraction (originally known as Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Quarantine) is an online multiplayer tactical shooter video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft as a spin-off of "Rainbow Six Siege" (2015). The game was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Amazon Luna, Google Stadia, Xbox One and Xbox Series X and Series S on January 20, 2022. It received mixed reviews from critics.

Alentejo

Alentejo ( , ) is a region of south–central and southern Portugal. In Portuguese, its name means "beyond () the Tagus river" ("Tejo").

Sopa de gato

Sopa de gato (in English: "Cat soup") is a simple soup from southern Spain. It is served hot and is a suitable dish for the winter. Typical ingredients include water, bread, oil, garlic and salt.

Thomas Johnson (murderer)

Thomas Johnson ( March 1898 - 23 January 1939) was an Australian murder born in Tasmania in 1898, he was executed by hanging on 23 January 1939 at HM Prison Pentridge.

Angelique Boyer

Angelique Monique-Paulette Boyer Rousseau (born July 4, 1988, Saint-Claude, Jura, France), known as Angelique Boyer, is a French-Born Mexican actress.


Deaths in February 1995

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in February 1995. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.






























Battle of Konotop (2022)

The Battle of Konotop was a military engagement that took place around the city of Konotop, Ukraine between the military forces of Russia and Ukraine as part of the Northeastern Ukraine offensive during the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.

Peter I of Courtenay

Peter of Courtenay (September 1126 - 10 April 1183) was a son of Louis VI of France.

He had many children. One of them was Peter II, Latin Emperor.

Peter II of Courtenay

Peter II (1155 - 1219) was Latin Emperor and the son of Peter I of Courtenay.

María Teresa Jiménez Esquivel

María Teresa Jiménez Esquivel (May 25, 1984, Valle de Bravo, State of Mexico) is a Mexican politician and current governor of Aguascalientes, member of the National Action Party and former deputy of the Chamber of Deputies, she was Municipal President of Aguascalientes.

Yannick Jadot

Yannick Jadot (born 27 July 1967) is a French environmentalist and politician. He has been a Member of the European Parliament (MEP) since the 2009 European election, representing the West France constituency.

On 30 January 2021, Jadot announced that he would be running as a candidate in the 2022 French presidential election. In the primaries, he won 51.03 percent of the party’s votes, beating Sandrine Rousseau. He came in sixth place, winning 4.63% of the vote.

Éric Zemmour

Éric Justin Léon Zemmour (; born 31 August 1958) is a French far-right politician, political journalist, essayist, writer and pundit. He was an editor and panelist on "Face à l'Info", a daily show broadcast on CNews, from 2019 to 2021.

In late 2021, Zemmour declared his candidacy for President of France in the 2022 election. He created Reconquête, a new political party. He came in fourth place, winning 7.07% of the vote.

Rhodesian Bush War

The Rhodesian Bush War was a civil war in the British colony of Southern Rhodesia (now Zimbabwe) from 1964 to 1979. 

It was a triangular war. It was fought between the white Government of Rhodesia, the Zimbabwe African National Liberation Army (which was the military wing of Robert Mugabe's Zimbabwe African National Union), and the Zimbabwe People's Revolutionary Army of Joshua Nkomo's Zimbabwe African People's Union. 

Rhodesia was supported by Estado Novo (Portugal) until 1974 and Apartheid South Africa.

After the war ended in 1979, Southern Rhodesia became independent as Zimbabwe in 1980.

K. P. Thakkar

Khatau Thakkar was an Indian swimmer. He won a gold medal in 1951 Asian Games in men's 3m springboard and 10m platform. He also won a bronze medal in 1954 Asian Games. He had won three Asian Games medals. The Government of India honored him with the Dhyan Chand Award in 2014. He died in 2016. 

Rajesh Singh

Rajesh Kumar Singh (born 1968) is an Indian businessperson and movie producer. He is the founder and managing director of Dayal Group. He is noted for producing Hindi movies, "Fareb" (2005) and "Anwar" (2007). Singh received the Mahatma Gandhi Award in the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The Chief Minister of Uttar Pradesh state Yogi Adityanath awarded him the Uttar Pradesh Ratna Award in 2020.
He was born in 1968 in Varanasi, India and was raised in Lucknow. He ventured into business in 1997 and founded his company, Dayal Group of Companies, which is into real estate, education and movie production.

In 2005, Singh produced the Bollywood movie, "Fareb", starring Manoj Bajpayee. He produced by the romantic thriller "Anwar" in 2007. He founded Kunwar's Global School in Lucknow, which is run by Kunwar's Education Foundation, where Singh serves as the chairman.


Vivek Agnihotri

Vivek Agnihotri is an Indian movie director, movie producer, screenwriter and author. He works in Hindi cinema. He made his debut in Bollywood with the crime thriller film "Chocolate" in 2005 and has directed many films such as "Dhan Dhana Dhan Goal" (2007), "Hate Story" (2012), "Zid" (2014), " Buddha in a Traffic Jam" (2016) and "The Kashmir Files" (2022).

He won the National Film Award for Best Screenplay - Dialogues for "The Tashkent Files" (2019). He also won the Best Writer and Director at Jakarta International Film Festival for his movie, "Buddha in a Traffic Jam". In 2018, Vivek Agnihotri authored a book titled "Urban Naxals: The Making of Buddha in a Traffic Jam".

He is a member of the board of Central Board of Film Certification, India and a cultural representative of Indian Cinema at the Indian Council for Cultural Relations.

Three Violent People

Three Violent People is a 1957 American western movie directed by Rudolph Maté and starring Charlton Heston, Anne Baxter, Gilbert Roland, Tom Tyron, Forrest Tucker, Bruce Bennett, Elaine Stritch, Roy Engel. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Snot (rapper)

Snot (born December 16, 1997) is an Americans rapper whose real name is Edy Edouard. He was born in New York City and started to upload his music to Soundcloud in 2016. Snot was starting to be famous after he released "Gosha" in September 2018. He began rapping when he was 17 years old. Snot has collaborated with Night Lovell, Wifisfuneral, and Cochise.

Museu de Belles Arts de València

The Museu de Belles Arts de València (; ; English: "Museum of Fine Arts of Valencia") is an art gallery in Valencia, Spain, founded in 1913.

Rui Moreira (politician)

Rui de Carvalho de Araújo Moreira (born 8 August 1956) is a Portuguese businessman and politician, he is the current Mayor of Porto. His term started on 22 October 2013, and he was re-elected for a new term on 1 October 2017 and 26 September 2021. He has been supported by the CDS – People's Party and has supported the IL – Liberal Initiative.

Montjoie-le-Château

Montjoie-le-Château (; German previously: "Frohberg") is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Villars-lès-Blamont

Villars-lès-Blamont (, literally "Villars near Blamont") is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Corcelles-Ferrières

Corcelles-Ferrières () is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Dannemarie, Doubs

Dannemarie (; unofficial also "Dannemarie-lès-Glay") is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Fessevillers

Fessevillers is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Fontain

Fontain is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France. On 1 January 2019, the former commune Arguel was merged into Fontain.

Goumois, Doubs

Goumois is a commune in the department of Doubs, in the eastern French region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté.

Montfaucon, Doubs

Montfaucon () is an affluent commune in the Doubs department in the region of Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, France.

Nommay

Nommay () is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Quingey

Quingey () is a commune and former canton seat in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Zingem Heliport

Zingem Heliport is a private heliport near Zingem, East Flanders, Belgium.



Scinax x-signatus

The Venezuelan snouted tree frog or Venezuela snouted tree frog (Scinax x-signatus) is a frog that lives in Brazil, Colombia, Suriname, and Venezuela. Human beings also brought it to Guadeloupe, Marie Galante, and La Désirade.

Rosières-sur-Barbèche

Rosières-sur-Barbèche () is a commune in the Doubs département in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Vieux-Charmont

Vieux-Charmont () is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Francesca Caccini

Francesca Caccini (; 18 September 1587 – after 1641) was an Italian composer, singer, lutenist, poet, and music teacher of the early Baroque era. 

Scinax nebulosus

The blue-headed snouted tree frog or Spix's snouted tree frog ("Scinax nebulosus") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Venezuela, the Guianas, and Bolivia.

Villers-Grélot

Villers-Grélot () is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Jigarthanda (2016 movie)

Jigarthandaa () is a 2016 Indian Kannada-language satirical black comedy film. It was directed by Shiva Ganesh, written by Karthik Subbaraj and produced by Kichcha Creations and SRV Productions. The film was a remake of the 2014 Tamil film of the same name which itself was inspired by the 2006 South Korean movie "A Dirty Carnival".
It stars Rahul and Samyukta Hornad along with P. Ravi Shankar, Chikkanna, Dharma, K. Manju, Guruprasad, Sadhu Kokila and Veena Sundar in supporting roles. Arjun Janya composed film's score and soundtrack. It released on June 24, 2016.


Mainz Republic

The Republic of Mainz was the first democratic state in the current German territory. It was in Mainz. It was made because of the French Revolutionary Wars. It lasted from March to July 1793.


AB Aurigae b

Aurigae b (or AB Aur b) is a protoplanet in the Protoplanetary disk of the star AB Aurigae. The star is about 505 light years from Earth. It is a young star, about two million years old. The star and everything in its system are in its early stages. In this growing solar system, astronomers can see the formation of the new gas giant. They can learn if the theories they have created about how stars are formed are correct. 

The current theory of “core accretion” says that planets are formed from small objects collecting dust, gas, and other materials as they all orbit a star. 

Aurigae b has about 9 times the mass of Jupiter. This would make it about 12,000 times bigger than Earth. The planet has an orbit of 8.6 billion miles from its star. This is twice the distance between our sun and Pluto. It is thought that core accretion could not happen this far from a star. 

An other theory. called “disk instability”, says that Aurigae b could have been formed in a more “top-down” process. It say that the protoplanetary disk is cooling and quickly breaking up. When this happens, gravity causes gas and matter to come together and form new planets. 

These findings come from an international team who used the adaptive optics system, infrared spectrography, and visible camera of the Subaru Telescope as well as the Hubble Space Telescope. The team was only able to collect solid evidence by using a variety of techniques and working with different groups. The findings were published by the University of Arizona. Their findings are creating a large number of discussions because this evidence supports what might be new facts in astronomy

Collegium Carolinum (Kassel)

The Collegium Carolinum (also known as ) was a scientific institution in Kassel. It was founded in 1709 by Charles I, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel. It was closed after the death of Frederick II, Landgrave of Hesse-Kassel in 1785.


Chiasmocleis anatipes

The Santa Cecilia humming frog ("Chiasmocleis anatipes") is a species of frog. It is in the family Microhylidae. It is from northeastern Ecuador. It lives in parts of Peru and Colombia too. The species name "anatipes" is from its "duck-like" feet. Scientists have seen it between 200 and 400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 18.0 to 19.4 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 25.0 to 30.0 mm long. It lives in primary and secondary forest. It lives in the same area as other frogs with the same ancestor frog: "Chiasmocleis bassleri" and "Ctenophryne geayi". It looks for food at night. People tend to see them sitting on plants no more than 25 cm above the ground.

When it is time to lay eggs, the male frogs go to ponds. They sing together for the female frogs. The female frogs lay eggs near the surface of the water. The tadpoles swim alone near the surface of the water during the day.

Scientsts found red ants in the stomach of one humming frog. They think this frog eats ants.

José Andrade

José Andrade (22 November 1901 - 5 October 1957) is an Uruguayan footballer. He enjoyed great success as a player for the Uruguay national football team, with which he also won the first World Cup. Andrade was described as an intelligent and calm player who never celebrated his goals exuberantly. He was a dynamic, fast and highly technical player who was able to dominate on the pitch without influencing his teammates. During his prime he was considered as one of the greatest defensive midfielders in the world.

Andrade was born in Salto in 1901 to an Argentine mother. José Ignacio Andrade, who is said to have been his father, is listed on his birth certificate as a witness. The elder Andrade, who was 98 years old when José Leandro Andrade was born, was an expert in African magic and is said to be an African-born slave who escaped from Brazil. At an early age, Andrade went to live with his aunt in a slum in Montevideo.

Prior to the introduction of professional football in Uruguay, Andrade held a number of jobs. At one point he worked as a carnival musician, playing mainly the drums. At various times in his life he also worked as a shoe shiner and as a newsboy.

In addition to his passion for music, Andrade was an avid footballer. In youth he played football for Miramar Misiones. In the early 1920s, Andrade signed with Bella Vista, where he went on to play 71 games and score 7 goals. It was at Bella Vista that Andrade was first selected to the national team. Andrade later moved to Nacional where he became four-time Uruguayan champions and three national cups. In 1930, Andrade moved to CA Peñarol, where he played 88 games in the years that followed. Andrade had previously trained with the club as a teenager but was not hired at the time. From the mid - 1930s, Andrade played for several Argentine clubs including CA Atlanta and CA Lanús CA Talleres. He also played a short stint with Wanderers in Uruguay before ending his career.

Andrade played 34 caps for the Uruguay national football team between 1923 and 1930, scoring once. 

Andrade won the South American Championship (predecessor to the Copa América ) of 1923, 1924 and 1926.

Andrade won his first Olympic gold medal at the 1924 Summer Olympics in Paris. He was recognized as the first black international footballer in the Olympics. He was nicknamed maravilla negra ( the black miracle ), a nickname later used for Pelé.

After winning the Summer Olympics, the Uruguayans were challenged by Argentina to a diptych. In the second game at the Estadio Sportivo Barracas in Buenos Aires, Andrade was pelted with stones by the Argentine crowd, to which Andrade and his teammates responded by throwing the stones back. In the ensuing riots, a teammate was arrested and the Uruguayans refused to play out the rest of the game.

In 1928 Andrade won his second Olympic gold medal at the 1928 Summer Olympics, held in Amsterdam. During the semi-final against Italy, Andrade collided with one of the goal posts, resulting in a serious injury to his eye. This later deteriorated to the point that he became blind in that eye.

Despite not being at his peak, Andrade managed to become one of Uruguay's best players in the tournament, which the Uruguayans won. At the end of the tournament, he was named to the "All-Star team". In 1994 he was selected by France Football as number ten in their World Cup Top 100.

A plaque was placed in the Estadio Centenario in honor of his achievements.

Andrade was a guest at the 1950 World Cup, when Uruguay won the tournament for the second time. His cousin Víctor Rodríguez Andrade, a member of the 1950 winning team, had adopted Andrade as his middle name in honor of José Leandro Andrade. 

In 1956, when he was discovered by the German journalist Fritz Hack, he had descended from alcoholism and was living in a small flat in a poor area of ​​Montevideo. 

Andrade died in 1957 in the Piñeyro del Campo nursing home in Montevideo from the effects of tuberculosis. His burial took place at Cementerio del Cerro, Montevideo.





Chiasmocleis bassleri

Bassler's humming frog ("Chiasmocleis bassleri") is a frog that lives in Colombia, Ecuador, Bolivia, Brazil and Peru.

The adult male frog is 16.8 to 20.3 mm long from nose to rear end, and the adult female frog is 19.5 to 21.6 mm long. This frog lives in primary and secondary forest no higher than 300 meters above sea level. It lives in the same places as other frogs with the same ancestor frog: "Chiasmocleis tridactyla", "Chiasmocleis antenori", "Chiasmocleis carvalhoi", "Chiasmocleis anatipes", "Ctenophryne geayi", and others.

This frog is a uniform brown-gray color on its back with black marks near its middle. It has pink spots on its sides.

It looks for food at night. It can dig in the ground to make burrows. Human beings have seen it on the ground and as high as 20 cm up in the plants.

Tepic

Tepic (), is the largest city and capital of the municipality of the same name and of the State of Nayarit.


Chiasmocleis antenori

The Ecuador silent frog ("Chiasmocleis antenori") is a species of frog. It is in the family Microhylidae. They are from Ecuador, Peru and small parts of western Brazil.

The name ""antenori"" is for Antenor Leitão de Carvalho.

The male frog is 11.7 mm to 12.2 mm long from nose to rear end. The female is 12.3 mm to 13.8 mm long. Ecuador silent frogs are brown with a bluish-white stomachs. They have red irises in their eyes. The frogs have three fingers on their front feet and four toes on their back feet.

Yolanda Díaz

Yolanda Díaz Pérez (born 6 May 1971) is a Spanish politician and lawyer specialised in labour law, serving as Second Deputy Prime Minister since 2021 and Minister of Labour and Social Economy of the Government of Spain since 2020. A member of the Congress of Deputies since 2016, she has previously been a former Ferrol municipal councillor (2003–2012) and member of the Parliament of Galicia (2012–2016). She was the National Coordinator of Esquerda Unida (EU) from 2005 to 2017.



Ctenophryne geayi

The brown egg frog ("Ctenophryne geayi") is a species of frog. It is in the family Microhylidae. It lives in Suriname, Guyana, Brazil, Venezuela, Colombia, Ecuador, Peru and Bolivia. Scientists have seen it as high as 600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 32.2 to 43.3 mmt long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 42.4 to 55.1 mm long. This frog looks for food at night. This frog is easiest to find during the rainy season. That is when the females lay eggs. They lay eggs at the edges of ponds. The tadpoles hatch after 36 hours. They spend 12 hours stuck to the surface of the water before they start to swim.

Villers-Saint-Martin

Villers-Saint-Martin is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

National Guard (France)

The National Guard () is a French military, gendarmerie, and police reserve force, it is active in its current form since 2016 but was originally founded in 1789 during the French Revolution.

Reinhilde Decleir

Reinhilde Decleir (16 May 1948 – 6 April 2022) was a Flemish actress and director. In 2009, she had the lead role as Maria 'moemoe' Vangenechten in the television series "Van Vlees en Bloed".

Decleir died at the age of 73 from euthanasia in Borgerhout, Belgium while having cancer on 6 April 2022.

Shamsha Berkimbayeva

Shamsha Kopbaevna Berkimbayeva (; 10 October 1942 – 7 April 2022) was a Kazakh academic and politician. She was Minister of Education and Science from 2002 to 2003. 

Berkimbayeva died on 7 April 2022 at the age of 79.

Minori Matsushima

Matsushima was born in Chiba Prefecture, Japan. She died on April 8, 2022 at age 81 from pancreatic cancer.

José Vilariño

José Antonio Vilariño (19 May 1961 – 8 April 2022) was an Argentine engineer and politician. He was a member of the Victory Party. He was in the Argentine Chamber of Deputies from 1995 to 1999 and again from 2003 to 2015. He was born in San Ramón de la Nueva Orán, Argentina.

Vilariño died of cardiac arrest in Buenos Aires, Argentina on 8 April 2022 at the age of 60.

Chris Bailey (musician)

Christopher James Mannix Bailey (1957 – 9 April 2022) was an Australian singer-songwriter, musician and producer. He was the co-founder and singer of rock band the Saints. 

Bailey died on 9 April 2022 at the age of 65.

Michael Degen

Michael Degen (31 January 1932 – 9 April 2022) was a German-Israeli actor. His career began in 1963. His best known works were "Supermarket", "Beyond Good and Evil" and "Dr. M".

Degen survived the Holocaust as a child in Berlin. His father died in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp in 1940.

Degen died on 9 April 2022 in Hamburg, Germany at the age of 90.

Sergei Yashin

Sergei Anatolievich Yashin (6 March 1962 – 12 April 2022) was a Russian professional ice hockey left winger. Yashin played in the Soviet Hockey League for HC Dynamo Moscow. He was also a member of the Soviet Union national ice hockey team and played in the 1988 Winter Olympics where he won a gold medal. Yashin was born in Penza, Soviet Union.

Yashin died on 12 April 2022 at the age of 60.

Hans Junkermann

Hennes "Hans" Junkermann (6 May 1934 – 11 April 2022) was a German professional racing cyclist who won 35 road races in 18 seasons from 1956 to 1973. He won the German National Road Race in 1959, 1960, and 1961. Junkermann was born in St. Tönis, near Krefeld, Rhine Province. He rode the Tour de France eight times.

Junkermann died on 11 April 2022, aged 87.

Mohammad Hussain (cricketer)

Mohammad Hussain (8 October 1976 – 11 April 2022) was a Pakistani cricketer. He played in 2 Tests and 14 ODIs between 1996 and 1998. Hussain was born in Lahore, Pakistan.

Hussain died on 11 April 2022 at a hospital in Lahore from problems caused by kidney disease, aged 45.

Joe Horlen

Joel Edward Horlen (August 14, 1937 – April 11, 2022) an American professional baseball pitcher. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) from 1961 to 1972 for the Chicago White Sox and Oakland Athletics. He was born in San Antonio, Texas. 

In 2017, it was announced that he had Alzheimer's disease. He died on April 11, 2022 at the age of 84.

Gábor Görgey

Gábor Görgey (born "Artúr Görgey"; 22 November 1929 – 11 April 2022) was a Hungarian writer, poet, director and politician. He was Minister of Culture between 2002 and 2003. 

Görgey died on 11 April 2022 in Solymár, Hungary at the age of 92.

Eduardo Guardia

Eduardo Refinetti Guardia (January 19, 1966 – ) was a Brazilian economist and politician. He was the Finance Minister of Brazil from 2018 to 2019 during the Michel Temer presidency. He was Executive Secretary of the Ministry of Finance from 2016 and 2018 and Secretary of the National Treasury in the early 2000s. In 2019, he became a partner in and the CEO of BTG Pactual Asset management. Guardia was born in São Paulo, Brazil.

On April 11, 2022, it was announced that Guardia had died at the age of 56.

2022 New York City Subway attack

On April 12, 2022, at approximately 8:45 AM, a gunman opened fire on a subway car at 36th Street Station in Brooklyn, New York City, United States. At least 29 people were injured, 10 of whom were hit by gunfire. Authorities said none of the injuries were life-threatening. The gunman was reported to have used a smoke bomb before firing. 62 year-old Frank Robert James, the suspect, was later arrested by police. He is reported to have addresses in Philadelphia and in Wisconsin.

There is a $50,000 reward for information leading to James' arrest. New York City Mayor Eric Adams condemned the attack.

Mohammad Feyz Sarabi

Ayatollah Mohammad Feyz Sarabi (; 23 August 1928 – 11 April 2022) was an Iranian Shiite cleric and politician. He was a member of the 4th and 5thAssembly of Experts from the East Azerbaijan electorate from 2006 until his death. He was born in Sarab, East Azerbaijan, Iran.

Feyz Sarabi died on 11 April 2022 in Qom, Iran at the age of 93.

Daniel Defert

Daniel Defert (born 10 September 1937 died 7 February 2023) is a French sociologist and HIV/AIDS activist. He was a partner to academic Michel Foucault. Defert co-founded France's first AIDS advocacy group, AIDES, after Foucault's death from the disease.

Estela Rodríguez

Estela Rodríguez Villanueva (November 12, 1967 – April 10, 2022) was a Cuban judoka. She won silver medals at the 1992 and 1996 Summer Olympics. She used the illegal diuretic drug called furosemide at the 1996 Olympics, but was only issued a warning and was allowed to keep her medals. She was born in Santiago de Cuba, Cuba. 

Rodríguez died in Havana, Cuba on April 10, 2022 from cardiac arrest at the age of 54.

Ray McKinley

Ray McKinley (June 18, 1910 – May 7, 1995) was an American jazz drummer, singer, and bandleader.

McKinley started working with local bands in the Dallas–Fort Worth area, before joining Smith Ballew in 1929, when he met Glenn Miller. The two formed a friendship that lasted from 1929 until Miller's death in 1944. McKinley and Miller joined the Dorsey Brothers in 1934. Miller left for Ray Noble in December 1934, while McKinley remained.
The Dorsey brothers split in 1935. McKinley remained with Jimmy Dorsey until 1939, when he joined Will Bradley, becoming co-leader. McKinley's biggest hit with Bradley, as a singer, was "Beat Me Daddy, Eight to the Bar", which he recorded early in the year 1940 (and for which he got partial songwriting credit under his wife's maiden name Eleanore Sheehy). McKinley is referred to as "Eight Beat Mack" in the lyrics to the song "Down the Road a Piece," which he recorded as a trio with Will Bradley and Freddie Slack in 1940. This was the earliest recording of the song, which was written specifically for Bradley's band by Don Raye.
McKinley and Bradley split in 1942 and McKinley formed his own band, which recorded for Capitol Records. The McKinley band was short-lived. When McKinley broke up the band, he joined Glenn Miller's Army Air Force band, which he co-led with arranger Jerry Gray after Miller's disappearance in December 1944. Upon being discharged at the end of the following year, McKinley formed an excellent, remarkably modern big band that featured a book of original material by legendary arranger Eddie Sauter (along with a helping of novelty vocals by the leader). Sam Butera, later of the back-up band for Louis Prima was also a member.
But with the business in decline, by 1950 that band was history and McKinley began evolving into a part-time leader and sometime radio and TV personality.
McKinley and Bradley split in 1942 and McKinley formed his own band, which recorded for Capitol Records. The McKinley band was short-lived. When McKinley broke up the band, he joined Glenn Miller's Army Air Force band, which he co-led with arranger Jerry Gray after Miller's disappearance in December 1944. Upon being discharged at the end of the following year, McKinley formed an excellent, remarkably modern big band that featured a book of original material by legendary arranger Eddie Sauter (along with a helping of novelty vocals by the leader). Sam Butera, later of the back-up band for Louis Prima was also a member.

Ray McKinley's last recording session was in 1977 for Chirascuro records. 

Hazem Nuseibeh

Hazem Zaki Nuseibeh (6 May 1922 – 10 April 2022), also spelled Nusseibeh and Nusaybah, was a Jordanian politician. He was Minister of Foreign Relations from 1962 until 1965. He was also a Permanent Representative to the United Nations from 1976 until 1985. He was seen as one of the most important ideologists of Arab nationalism. Nuseibeh was born in Jerusalem, Mandatory Palestine. 

Nuseibeh died on 10 April 2022, one month before his 100th birthday.

Jill Knight

Joan Christabel Jill Knight, Baroness Knight of Collingtree, (; 9 July 1923 – 6 April 2022) was a British politician. She was a member of the Conservative Party. She was a Member of Parliament from 1966 to 1997. She was later a member of the House of Lords from 1997 until 2016. She was appointed an MBE in 1964 and DBE in 1985. Knight was born in Bristol, England.

Knight died on 6 April 2022, aged 98.

Oleksandr Bakumenko

Oleksandr Borysovych Bakumenko (; 29 April 1959 – 11 April 2022) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a member of European Solidarity. He was in the Verkhovna Rada from 2014 to 2019. 

Bakumenko died on 11 April 2022 at the age of 62.

Andrea Brillantes

Andrea Brillantes (born March 12, 2003) is a Filipino actress. She is known for Marga Bartolome in the Filipino show "Kadenang Ginto"

William Walker (cyclist)

William Walker (born 31 October 1985) is a retired Australian professional road racing cyclist. He was born in Subiaco, Western Australia. He won a silver medal at the 2005 UCI World Championships.

Walker retired in 2014 after having a case of ventricular tachycardia.

Problem Child (movie)

Problem Child is a 1990 American dark comedy movie directed by Dennis Dugan. It stars John Ritter, Michael Oliver, Amy Yasbeck, Gilbert Gottfried, Jack Warden, and Michael Richards. It was released on July 27, 1990 to strong negative critic reviews. The movie performed good at the box office.

It had two sequels, "Problem Child 2" (1991) and "" (1995).


Chiara Frugoni

Chiara Frugoni (4 February 1940 – 9 April 2022) was an Italian historian and academic. Her works focused in the Middle Ages and church history. She won the Viareggio Prize in 1994 for her essay, "Francesco e l'invenzione delle stimmate". She taught at the University of Pisa and at the University of Rome Tor Vergata.

Frugoni died on 10 April 2022, at the age of 82.

Chiasmocleis albopunctata

The white-spotted humming frog ("Chiasmocleis albopunctata") is a frog that lives in Argentina, Paraguay, Bolivia, and Brazil.

Chiasmocleis leucosticta

The Santa Catarina humming frog or Bokermann's humming frog ("Chiasmocleis leucosticta") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

John Drew (basketball)

John Edward Drew (September 30, 1954 – April 10, 2022) was an American professional basketball player. He played as a small forward. He played eleven seasons in the National Basketball Association (NBA) from 1974 until 1984 for the Atlanta Hawks and Utah Jazz. Drew was a two-time NBA All-Star. Drew was born in Vredenburgh, Alabama.

Drew died of bone cancer on April 10, 2022 in Houston, Texas at the age of 67.

Philippe Boesmans

Philippe Boesmans (17 May 1936 – 10 April 2022) was a Belgian composer. He was known for composing operas. Boesmans was born in Tongeren, Belgium. He was composer in residence at the La Monnaie opera house in Brussels. He also composed the opera "Reigen" was premiered in 1993. His opera "Au monde" won the International Opera Award 2015.

Boesmans died after a short illness on 10 April 2022 in Brussels, Belgium, at the age of 85.

2022 Sacramento shooting

On April 3, 2022, at around 2:00 a.m. PDT, a mass shooting happened in downtown Sacramento, California, United States. Six people were killed, and 12 others were injured. The shooting was caused by a gang fight between Bloods and Crips members.

The shooting happened outside a well known bar and club area in Sacramento, blocks away from the California State Capitol building. The shooting caused damage to at least three buildings and three vehicles.

"The Sacramento Bee" described it as the "worst mass shooting in Sacramento's history". Five shooters are suspected to be involved in the incident.

President Joe Biden called on the United States Congress to work on new gun control measures. He proposed a requirement of checking people's background for gun purchases and a ban of ghost guns.

Brent Rivera

Brent Rivera is an American YouTuber and social media personality. He is mostly known for making funny videos on the 
video platforms TikTok and YouTube. 

Jim Kolbe

James Thomas Kolbe (born June 28, 1942 – December 3, 2022) was an American politician. He was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for Arizona's 5th congressional district from 1985 until 2003 and for the 8th congressional district from 2003 until 2007.

Kolbe came out as gay in August 1996 after his vote in favor of the Defense of Marriage Act. He won re-election that year. In 2000, he became the first openly gay person to address the Republican National Convention.

In 2018, Kolbe left the Republican Party as a protest from President Donald Trump.

Kolbe supported Joe Biden for president in the 2020 presidential election.

In December 2022, Kolbe died from a stroke.

Kacy Catanzaro

Kacy Esther Catanzaro (born January 14, 1990) is an American professional wrestler, gymnast and television personality. She works for WWE on the NXT brand. Catanzaro was previously on "American Ninja Warrior". She was the first woman to complete a City Qualifiers course and the first woman to complete a City Finals course. 

Catanzaro was born in Glen Ridge, New Jersey. She grew up in nearby Belleville where she attended Belleville High School. Catanzaro is of Italian descent. She stands about 5 ft (1.524 m) tall and weighs . She began doing gymnastics at age 5. She attended Towson University in Towson, Maryland, from 2009 until 2012. At Towson, she studied early childhood education.

Catanzaro was a Junior Olympic gymnast. She began her training at age 6. She reached level 10 in 2007 and competed at the 2007 New Jersey Level 10 State Championships. At the State Championships, she placed fifth in the Senior-A division. In 2008, Catanzaro competed at the 2008 New Jersey Level 10 State Championships. This time she placed third. This allowed her to compete at the 2008 Junior Olympic National Championships. She finished 23rd overall at Nationals. She finished 6th on the balance beam.

Catanzaro competed in gymnastics for Towson in Division I of the National Collegiate Athletic Association (NCAA). She started in the 2009 season. Catanzaro helped the Towson Tigers gymnastics team win the Eastern College Athletic Conference Championships in 2009 and 2010. In 2012, her senior year, she was the Southeast Regional Gymnast of the Year. She was also the 2012 Eastern College Athletic Conference Gymnast of the Year and was the top-ranked gymnast in that conference for that year.

Catanzaro worked for Alpha Warrior from February 2013. It is an obstacle-course gym in San Antonio, Texas. 

She spent two years training for "American Ninja Warrior". She did not complete the qualifying course in Venice, California, but was a wildcard at the 2013 finals.

In 2014, Catanzaro became the first woman to finish the qualifying course of "American Ninja Warrior" (season 6). She made it up the warped wall on her second try at 5:26.18 at the Dallas qualifiers. She was ranked 21 out of 30 people. She was also the first woman to ever make it up the warped wall in competition. Later in 2014, Catanzaro competed in the Dallas finals of "American Ninja Warrior". She was the first woman to complete a city finals course. She was only the second woman to attempt it. The first was Jessie Graff in season 5). Catanzaro qualified for the national finals in Las Vegas with a time of 8 minutes, 59 seconds. No other woman competed in a City Finals course matched until 2019.

On January 4, 2017, Catanzaro received a tryout with WWE at their WWE Performance Center. She had her first match at a NXT live event on April 19, in Sanford, Florida. She lost to Reina González.

Catanzaro continued to make appearances during 2018. She wrestles as a face and takes inspiration from WWE's Alexa Bliss's slogan "Five Feet of Fury". This also refers to Catanzaro's own small size. The 2nd episode of the Mae Young Classic aired on September 12, Catanzaro had her first televised match, She beat Reina Gonzalez in the first round match. On Episode 5, she lost in the second round to Rhea Ripley. On January 27, 2019, Catanzaro had her first match on the main roster. She entered the Royal Rumble at number 19 and lasting 10:45. She was eliminated by Ripley. Her first NXT match was on March 13.

In September 2019, it was reported that Catanzaro had quit the WWE and retired from professional wrestling because of a long term back injury. She returned on the January 15, 2020 episode of "NXT" in a women's battle royal. Catanzaro said that she took some time off because she had doubts about continuing in the Professional Wrestling business. On the September 16 episode of "NXT", Catanzaro teamed with Kayden Carter. They beat beat Jessi Kamea and Xia Li. The next week, she competed in a battle royal to chose the number one contender for the NXT Women's Championship. Catanzaro beat Indi Hartwell to reach the final four. She lost to Dakota Kai, with help from Candice LeRae. 

Catanzaro and Carter took part in the 2021 Women's Dusty Rhodes Tag Team Classic tournament. They beat Mercedes Martinez and Toni Storm in the quarterfinals. They were beaten by Dakota Kai and Raquel González in the semifinals. 

On the August 24 episode of "NXT", after beating Gigi Dolin and Jacy Jayne, Catanzaro and Carter said that they were going after the NXT Women's Tag Team Championship. They got their chance on the next episode but lost to champions Io Shirai and Zoey Stark.



Bridgerton

Bridgerton is an American series created by Chris Van Dusen and produced by Shonda Rhimes. It is based on Julia Quinn's novels set in the Regency era. It is Rhimes's first scripted Netflix show.

"Bridgerton"s first season was released on Netflix on December 25, 2020. 

In April 2021, it was announced the series had been renewed for a third and fourth season.
The Bridgerton siblings – Anthony, Benedict, Colin, Daphne, Eloise, Francesca, Gregory and Hyacinth – navigate the high London society in search of love, surrounded by friends and rivals . Each episode includes narration by Julie Andrews, who voices the anonymous and scandalous newsletter writer known as Lady Whistledown, who has knowledge of all the information in London, drawing everyone's interest, even Queen Charlotte.

Unlike the novel, the show is set in a racially integrated London where people of color are members of the high society of London at that time , some with titles granted by the queen. Van Dusen says the series is not "color-blind" because "that would imply that color and race were never considered, when color and race are part of the show."



Filming for the first season commenced in July 2019 and ended in late February 2020. "Bridgerton" was filmed in London and Bath, as well as at various estates and parks around England. Although the series takes place in London, most street scenes were filmed in Bath, York, and Chatham. The grounds of Wilton House were used for Hyde Park and the grounds of Somerley were used for Hampstead Heath. Garden scenes were filmed at Painshill near Cobham and the Commissioner's House in Chatham.

Filming locations included Ranger's House in Greenwich (standing in for the Bridgerton House exterior); Halton House at RAF Halton (Bridgerton House interior, Featheringtons' interior); Wilton House (Simon's Hastings House, Clyvedon estate interior, throne room); Syon House and Badminton House (Hastings House); Castle Howard (Clyvedon estate); Coneysthorpe (Clyvedon village); Hampton Court Palace and Lancaster House (St. James's Palace); Holburne Museum (Lady Danbury's estate); Hatfield House (Featheringtons' interior); No. 1 Royal Crescent 

Production on the second season began in March 2021. Production for the second season ended on November 20, 2021.
Kris Bowers arranged the songs and soundtrack of the series. The series included contemporary covers from popular songs such as Ariana Grande's "Thank u next" and Taylor Swift's "Wildest dream". The first season of the series featured 19 songs and soundtracks. 
"Bridgerton" was released on December 25, 2020. The teaser and promotional posters were released in the months prior. The second season was released on March 25, 2022.

For the first season, the website Rotten Tomatoes reported an approval rating of 87% based on 97 reviews, with an average rating of 7.9/10. 
For the second season, Rotten Tomatoes reported an approval rating of 79% based on 76 reviews, with an average rating of 7.1/10.

Following the series success, Netflix in May 2021 ordered a prequel series from Shonda Rhimes. It is to focus on the love life of young Queen Charlotte. 

Little Trees

Little Trees (Also called Wunder Baum, Arbre Magique and Magic Tree in the United Kingdom until 2011) is a company that makes car fresheners shaped like evergreen trees. Little Trees is owned by Car Freshener Corporation. Little Trees are usually hung from rear-view mirrors. They were invented in 1952 by Julius Samann, a Jewish Canadian who left Germany to escape the Nazis. Little Trees usually last a month before losing their smell. In November 2015, Car Freshener Corporation made one hundred million USD a year. In 2022, it was making $84.5 million a year.

Little Trees were invented in 1952 by Julius Sämann in a rented garage in Watertown, New York. Julius Samann was a Jew from Germany who left Germany and immigrated to Canada at the start of World War II to escape the Nazis. In Canada, Sämann studied the smell of Alpine Trees for five years. Sämann invented Little Trees after a milk driver complained to him about the smell of spilled milk. Julius Samann filed a patent for Little Trees in 1954. Little Trees was the first car freshener.

The headquarters is in Watertown, New York, but it has 2 factories in total in the United States. The other factory is in Dewitt, Iowa. There used to be a third factory in Berlin, New Hampshire, but in April 2012 it was announced that it would close. Little Trees had several locations in Watertown in the 1950s and 1960s. Little Trees has around 310 people working at the factories in the United States. Little Trees is called Wunder Baum in Germany, Poland, Norway, Finland and Sweden. Little Trees is called Arbre Magique in France, Spain and Italy. Little Trees was called Magic Trees in the United Kingdom until they announced they would change their name to Little Trees in 2011. On March 22, 2020 the factory in Watertown, New York closed for a short time and fired many workers because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Cheryl Mayforth estimated that 20 to 30 percent of workers would be fired by the end of the pandemic.

The company is very serious about its trademark and has filed over 70 lawsuits.

Hanging things from rear-view mirrors in a way that could make it hard for drivers to see is illegal in Quebec, Switzerland, and Luxembourg. It is also illegal in the United States states of Minnesota, California, Pennsylvania, Arizona, Illinois, and Texas. It is illegal to hang objects from rear-view mirrors in Virginia, but police can not stop a car for it.

Little Trees has been in many movies. Little Trees is on the cover of Rear View, a 2004 novel made by Pete Duval.

Little Trees have been in movies like Ocean's Eleven (2001). Little Trees were also in Uncut Gems (2019), (2020), Hooking Up (2020) and Lorelei (2020). In Seven (1995), Little Trees were hung from the ceiling in a room where a murder happened to hide the smell of a dead body. In The Fisher King Robin Williams wears a Little Tree around his neck. In Grumpy Old Men Walter Matthau hangs six Little Trees from the rear-view mirror to hide the smell of dead fish.

In 2009 Jack Williams made "Forest", he hung 350 Little Trees from the ceiling. He did it because he liked the smell of Little Trees.


Chiasmocleis bicegoi

The Cecilia humming frog ("Chiasmocleis bicegoi") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have only seen it in one place.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Chiasmocleis albopunctata", but they decided in 2018 that it is not.

Tornado outbreak

A tornado outbreak happens when a single storm creates multiple tornadoes. There have been many tornado outbreaks in the United States. A tornado outbreak can happen very quickly, or happen over the course of a few days.

Deaths in March 1995

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in March 1995. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.































Shrimad Vidyadheesh Teerth Swamiji

Shrimad Vidhyadheesh Teerth Swami (born 16 October 1995), also referred to as Shri Vidhyadhish Teerth Swamiji, became head (Mathadipathi) of the Gokarna Partagali Math in July 2021. He is the 24th successive person of Gokarna Math according to "Guru Parampara."

Shrimad Vidhyadhish Teerth Swamiji, the predecessor Shrimad Vidyadhiraj Teerth Swamiji as mathadipathi, attained moksha on 19 July 2021. In accordance with the guru–shishya tradition followed by the math, He had initiated Vidhyadhish Teerth as the shishya who would succeed him upon his death and thus Vidhyadhish Teerth became the new mathadipathi. He officially took charge on 30 July 2021 at Partagali, Poinginim, Canacona, Goa.

Chiasmocleis hudsoni

Hudson's humming frog ("Chiasmocleis hudsoni") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Colombia, French Guiana, Guyana, and Suriname.

Kids Street

Kids Street is an American pay television channel. It is operated by Condista Networks aimed at the 3 to 7-year-old Latino market in the United States. The channel launched on Comcast Xfinity systems on January 6, 2017.

The channel operates an evening/late night block aimed at older audiences called Family Central Explorer. All programming aired on Kids Street is offered in English with Spanish available as a secondary audio program. The channel was added to Charter Spectrum on June 30, 2020.
In September 2020, the channel changed its name from "Kids Central" to its current name of "Kids Street."


TV Venezuela

TV Venezuela (also known as TVV) is a Venezuelan-American television channel. It airs in the United States for the Venezuelan diaspora. It features programming from many Venezualan television networks.

Blood Hook

Blood Hook is a 1986 American horror comedy movie directed by Jim Mallon and starring Mark Jacobs, Lisa Todd, Patrick Danz, Sara Hauser, Christopher Whiting, Paul Heckman. It was distributed by Troma Entertainment.

Des McAnuff

Desmond Steven McAnuff (born June 19, 1952) is the Canadian-American former artistic director of Canada's Stratford Festival and director of such Broadway musical theatre productions such as "Big River", "The Who's Tommy" and "Jersey Boys".

Battle of Sievierodonetsk (2022)

The Battle of Sievierodonetsk was a military engagement that started on 6 May 2022. It is located in the Luhansk Oblast; however, Russia uses another name, for the oblast - Luhansk People's Republic.

By 29 May 2022, Russian forces were engaged in close quarters fighting with Ukrainian soldiers; Combat was taking place in the "middle of the city", according to media. On 25 June, Russian LPR forces captured the city and advanced on the nearby city of Lysychansk.

Monégasque dialect

Monégasque (; ; ) is the type of Ligurian spoken in Monaco, where it is the national language. Although it is not an official language of Monaco (which is only French), it does enjoy an official status, and it is taught in schools and is compulsory.

Nicholas I of Montenegro

Nikola I Petrović-Njegoš (; – 1 March 1921) was the ruler of Montenegro from 1860 to 1918. He was the prince from 1860 to 1910. He was the country's only king, which was from 1910 to 1918. After Austria-Hungary collapsed in 1918, Montenegro joined the Kingdom of Yugoslavia.

Adjoa Andoh

Adjoa Andoh is a British actress. She is mostly known for playing Lady Dunbary in the Netflix series "Bridgerton". 

Didymosphenia geminata

Didymosphenia geminata, commonly known as didymo or rock snot, is a species of diatom.
The current distribution of Didymospenia Geminata are mostly in:


Lorraine Ashbourne

Lorraine Ashbourne (born 10 April 1961) is a British actress.

Phoebe Dynevor

Phoebe Harriet Dynevor (; born 17 April 1995) is a British actress. She began her career as a child actress, appearing in the BBC One school-based drama series "Waterloo Road" (2009–2010). She then had recurring roles in the BBC drama series "Prisoners' Wives" (2012–2013) and "Dickensian" (2015–2016), the TV Land comedy-drama series "Younger" (2017–2021), and a main role in the Crackle crime series "Snatch" (2017–2018).

Dynevor gained international fame for her role as Daphne Bridgerton in the Netflix period drama series "Bridgerton" (2020–present).

Phoebe Harriet Dynevor was born on 17 April 1995 in Trafford, Greater Manchester.

Dick Murphy

Richard M. Murphy (born December 16, 1942) is a former American politician and lawyer. He was the 33rd mayor of San Diego, California from 2000 to 2005.

Scinax nasicus

The lesser snouted tree frog or common washroom frog ("Scinax nasicus") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Paraguay, Uruguay, and Bolivia.

Vlak (video game)

Vlak () is a 1993 freeware video game for DOS developed and published by Miroslav Němeček. The game was very popular because it cost nothing and was small, at only 13 kB.

A sequel, Vlak 2, came out in 2002.

The train is moved to collect cars, planes, diamonds and other objects, which are collected in attached wagons. Collecting all the objects unlocks the golden gate to the next level. If the train touches walls or wagons, the level restarts. There are 50 levels, which are available with passwords.


Lovington, Illinois

Lovington is a village in Moultrie County, Illinois, United States. The population was 1,069 at the 2020 census.

Jürgen Reents

Reents died on 7 April 2022, aged 72.

Garrett Burnett

Garrett "Rocky" Burnett (September 23, 1975 — April 11, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played with the Mighty Ducks of Anaheim of the National Hockey League in the 2003–04 season.

Burnett died on April 11, 2022 at the age of 46.

Larysa Khorolets

Larysa Ivanivna Khorolets (; 25 August 1948 – 12 April 2022) was a Ukrainian actress and politician. She was the 1st Minister of Culture of Ukraine from 1991 until 1992 during Leonid Kravchuk presidency. Khorolets was born in Kyiv, Ukraine.

Khorolets died on 12 April 2022 in Kyiv at the age of 73.

Irina Vorobieva

Irina Nikolayevna Vorobieva (; June 30, 1958 – April 12, 2022) was a Russian pair skater. She competed for the Soviet Union. She and Igor Lisovsky were the 1981 World champions and the 1981 European champions. They were married. She came in 4th at the 1976 Olympics. Vorobieva was born in Leningrad, Soviet Union.

Vorobieva died on April 12, 2022 in Colorado Springs, Colorado at the age of 63.

Michel Bouquet

Michel Bouquet (6 November 1925 – 13 April 2022) was a French actor. He was in more than 100 movies from 1947 to 2020. He won the Best Actor European Film Award for "Toto the Hero" in 1991 and two Best Actor Césars for "How I Killed My Father" (2001) and "The Last Mitterrand" (2005). He received the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honor in 2018. Bouquet was born in Paris, France.

Bouquet died on 13 April 2022 at a hospital in Paris, aged 96.

Charles Maurras

Charles-Marie-Photius Maurras (; ; 20 April 1868 – 16 November 1952) was a French author, politician, poet, and critic. His philosophies influenced many 20th century ideologies.

MS Achille Lauro

The MS "Achille Lauro" was an Italian cruise ship registered in Naples and built between 1939 and 1947 in the Netherlands under the name of "Willem Ruys." It burned in the Indian Ocean off Somalia in 1994.

She was hijacked by the Palestinian Liberation Front, where Jewish American Leon Klinghoffer was shot dead and thrown overboard from this cruise ship in 1985.


Deaths in April 1995

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in April 1995. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.

Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source.






























Royalism

Royalism is the political ideology that supports a specific monarch (king, queen, or pretender) as head of state for a country. Royalism is not to the same as monarchism, which supports a monarchical system of government, but not always a specific monarch. For example, in 19th-century France, a royalist might be either a Legitimist, Bonapartist, or an Orléanist. 

First Italo-Ethiopian War

The First Italo-Ethiopian War was a conflict between the Ethiopian Empire and the Kingdom of Italy during the Scramble for Africa from 1895 to 1896, initiated by the disputed Treaty of Wuchale where the Italians tried to convert Ethiopia into an Italian Protectorate.

The Italians would invade Ethiopia from Eritrea until they would be besieged by the Ethiopian forces in the Fort of Mek'ele, finally the Italians would sign the Treaty of Addis Ababa where the conflict would end where the sovereignty of Ethiopia would be recognized, this would bring years later the consequence of the Second Italo-Ethiopian War, which occurred between 1935 and 1936.


Milan, Ohio

Milan ( ) is a village in Erie and Huron counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. The population was 1,371 at the 2020 census. It is the birthplace of Thomas Alva Edison, the inventor of light bulb.

Biomagnification

Biological magnification or biomagnification is the increase in concentration of a substance. A pesticide, for example, may increase in the tissues of organisms. This increase can occur as a result of:

Pesticides or heavy metals work their way into lakes, rivers and the ocean. They may move up the food chain in progressively greater concentrations as they are eaten by aquatic organisms such as zooplankton, which in turn are eaten perhaps by fish, which then may be eaten by bigger fish, large birds, animals, or humans. The substances become increasingly concentrated in tissues or internal organs as they move up the chain. Bioaccumulants are substances that increase in concentration in living organisms as they take in contaminated air, water, or food because the substances are very slowly metabolized or excreted.

Scinax acuminatus

The Mato Grosso snouted tree frog ("Scinax acuminatus") is a frog that lives in Mato Grosso and Mato Grosso do Sul in Brazil. It also lives in Paraguay, Argentina, and Bolivia.

List of German scientists

This is a list of German scientists.


Colombey-les-Deux-Églises

Colombey-les-Deux-Églises () is a commune in the Haute-Marne department in north-eastern France. It was the home of Charles de Gaulle, leader of the French Resistance.

Autograph book

An autograph book is a book for collecting the autographs of others. Traditionally, they were exchanged among friends, colleagues, and classmates to fill with poems, drawings, personal messages, small pieces of verse, and other mementos.

Maurrassisme

Maurrassisme is a political ideology made by Charles Maurras during the 20th century, which is popular with the "Action française" movement. "Maurassisme" supports integral nationalism, monarchism, corporatism and national syndicalism.

Bart Howard

Bart Howard was the composer for the song "Fly Me to the Moon" also titled "In Other Words".

Miguel Primo de Rivera

Miguel Primo de Rivera y Orbaneja, 2nd Marquess of Estella (8 January 1870 – 16 March 1930), was a dictator and military officer who was the Prime Minister of Spain from 1923 to 1930 during the Restoration era.

John V of Portugal

"Dom" John V (; 22 October 1689 – 31 July 1750) was King of Portugal from 9 December 1706 until his death in 1750. 

Joseph I of Portugal

"Dom" Joseph I (, ; 6 June 1714 – 24 February 1777) was King of Portugal from 31 July 1750 until his death in 1777. 

Leopold I, Holy Roman Emperor

Leopold I (Leopold Ignaz Joseph Balthasar Felician; ; 9 June 1640 – 5 May 1705) was the Holy Roman Emperor, King of Hungary, Croatia, and Bohemia. 

Neil Fanning

Neil Fanning (born 12 April 1967) is an Australian actor, safety supervisor, stuntman and voice artist. He is best known for voicing the titular character in the live-action movie adaptation "Scooby-Doo" and its sequel "". Fanning's entertainment career has spanned over 30 years performing live shows and over 50 movie, commercial and television roles.


Cebu North Road

The Cebu North Road, also known as Cebu North Hagnaya Wharf Road is a road starting from Cebu City to San Remigio in the province of Cebu.
The route markers were added in 2014, with National Route 8 (N8) for the Cebu to Danao section, and National Route 810 (N810) for the Danao to Bogo section.

Empire of China (1915–1916)

The Empire of China (1915-1916) was a short-lived nation (1915–1916), which was established by the president of China at that time, Yuan Shikai, who would be crowned Emperor of China since the Qing Empire collapsed during the 1911 Xinhai Revolution led by Sun Yat-sen. The Empire will shortly after disintegrate due to the period known as the Age of the Warlords, which separated China for many years. 

Lucas Lira

Lucas Lira (born Lucas Lira Soares, 16 April 1994) is a Brazilian youtuber.

Lira was born in Samambaia Norte, Brasilia, Brazil. He is the creator of the YouTube channel "Invento na Hora." It is one of the top 100 on YouTube Brazil. After high school, Lira studied web design. He also worked as a photo editor, clerk and lottery assistant. After this, he decided to create the channel Invento na Hora on YouTube .

Lira began posting videos on YouTube in 2012. He wanted to express his opinions on many subjects in 2010 but did not have a camera for recordings until 2012. The name "Invento na Hora" came from the fact that he did not plan any scripts for the videos. It translates as ""I invent on the spot"" Glasses, bandanas and caps were part of the channel's early identity. He later stopped using them. 

In 2014, Lucas Lira was a part of the "Phenomenon of the Internet", from "the Eliana Program", on SBT. One of his 2013 videos had gone viral on the web. He did not win the competition but was ranked first in Twitter's Trending Topics. This gave "Invento na Hora" more visibility. In November 2014, Lucas Lira reached 1 million subscribers.

Because of his recognition as a youtuber, he has participated in other television programs. These include "Legendários", "Programa Raul Gil" and "Domingo Legal" . In 2016, he wrote the book "Minha Vida Antes do Invento na Hora". It mainly tells stories from when he was younger. In the same year, he was the winner of "Entubados." It is a reality show for youtubers on the Sony channel.

As of April 2022. the "Invento Na Hora" channel has more than 14 million subscribers. Lira also has almost 6 million Instagram followers and over 3 million Twitter followers . 

Lira has been dating youtuber Sunaika Bruna de Souza since 2014. They became engaged to be married in 2020. They have been in several videos together since when they started dating. On July 5, 2020, it was announced that the two were expecting their first child. Their son, Noah de Souza Lira Soares, was born in February 2021.

In 2015, Lucas left his parents' house and moved to São Paulo He lived there for 6 years. In 2021, he returned to live in Brasília. 

Vila Nova de Gaia

Vila Nova de Gaia () is a city and a municipality in Porto District in Norte Region, Portugal. It is located south of the city of Porto on the other side of the Douro River. There was a population of 178,255 people in 2001. 

2022 KwaZulu-Natal floods

In April 2022, many days of heavy rain across KwaZulu-Natal in southeastern South Africa caused deadly floods. Areas that were affected were in and around Durban. At least 306 people have been reported dead, and several thousand homes were damaged or destroyed.

It is the deadliest storm in South African history, one of the deadliest natural disasters in the country in the 21st century, and the deadliest storm since the 2019 Durban Easter floods.

Charnett Moffett

Charnett Moffett (June 10, 1967 – April 11, 2022) was an American jazz bassist.

Moffett began playing bass in the family band in 1975 at the age of eight. In the mid-1980s, he played with Wynton Marsalis and Branford Marsalis. In 1987 he recorded his debut album "Netman" for Blue Note Records. 

He also performed on many movie soundtracks, including "Glengarry Glen Ross" (1992),"The Visit" (2001) and "The Score" (2001).

Moffett died at a hospital in Stanford, California on April 11, 2022 from a heart attack, aged 54.


Letizia Battaglia

Letizia Battaglia (; 5 March 1935 – 13 April 2022) was an Italian photographer and photojournalist. She was born in Palermo, Italy. Her photos were about the Sicilian Mafia and life in Sicily.

Battaglia died on 13 April 2022 in Cefalù, Italy at the age of 87.

Cefalù

Cefalù (), the classical Cephaloedium (), is a city and comune in the Italian Metropolitan City of Palermo.


French language in Lebanon

The French language in Lebanon started in 1920 after the French conquered Syria and Lebanon from the Ottomans after World War One. Ever since then the French language has been influenced in the Lebanese dialect, such as with “Bonjour kifak”. "Bonjour" means "Good morning" in French, and "Kifak" means "How are You?" in the Lebanese dialect of Arabic. The two languages are combined to say "Hello, How are you?" in conversation.

Desai Williams

Desai Williams (June 12, 1959 – April 2022) was a Canadian sprinter. He won an Olympic bronze medal in 4 x 100 metres relay in 1984 Summer Olympics. He was born in Basseterre, St. Kitts and Nevis.

Williams was fired as a coach by Athletics Canada in 2015. An investigation found that Williams had violated the organization's sexual harassment policy while a coach in 2010. In 2018, he was handed a lifetime ban by Athletics Canada.

Williams died in April 2022 at the age of 62.

Freddy Rincón

Freddy Eusebio Rincón Valencia (; 14 August 1966 – 13 April 2022) was a Colombian professional footballer. He played 84 games for the Colombia national team between 1990 and 2001. He was born in Buenaventura, Colombia.

At club level he played for Independiente Santa Fé, América de Cali (Colombia), Napoli (Italy), Real Madrid (Spain), Palmeiras, Santos, and Corinthians (Brazil). His playing career lasted from 1986 until 2004.

On 11 April 2022, Rincón was hospitalized with head injuries after being in a car crash in Cali, Colombia. He died two days later from his injuries, aged 55.

Buenaventura, Valle del Cauca

Buenaventura is a coastal seaport city in the department of Valle del Cauca, Colombia (South America). Buenaventura (Spanish for "good fortune") is the main port of Colombia in the Pacific Ocean.

The city is part of the UNESCO Creative Cities Network after it was named "City of Gastronomy" in 2017.

Artocarpus integer

Artocarpus integer is a green, scaly fruit that is normally shaped like a pear.

Rashad al-Alimi

Rashad Muhammad al-Alimi (born 1954) is a Yemeni politician. He is the Chairman of the Presidential Leadership Council since 7 April 2022.

Jonathan Bailey

Jonathan Bailey is a British actor. He has had roles in shows such as "Leonardo","Broadchurch" (2013–15), "W1A" , and "Crashing" (2016). In 2020,he was cast for the role of Viscount Anthony Bridgerton in the Netflix series "Bridgerton".

H.E.R.

Gabriella Sarmiento Wilson (born June 27, 1997), known professionally as H.E.R. (an acronym for "Having Everything Revealed"), is an American R&B singer-songwriter and actress. She won two Grammy Awards in 2019, another one in 2021 and the Academy Award for Best Original Song also in 2021.

Gabriella Sarmiento Wilson was born in Vallejo, California to a Filipina-American mother and an African American father and raised in California's San Francisco Bay Area.

Her first album "H.E.R." (2017), was nominated for five Grammy Awards, winning Best R&B Performance and Best R&B Album.

Her second album, "I Used to Know Her", was nominated for five Grammy Awards, including Album of the Year and Song of the Year for "Hard Place". 

In 2021, she won the Grammy Award for Song of the Year for "I Can't Breathe" and the Academy Award for Best Original Song for "Fight for You" from the movie "Judas and the Black Messiah" with her also winning the Grammy Award for Best Traditional R&B Performance.

Her debut full-length album "Back of My Mind" was released in June 2021.

In August 2021, she was cast in the upcoming movie remake version of "The Color Purple", playing the role of Squeak. 

Ruby Barker

Ruby Barker (born 23 December 1996) is a British actress. She is best known for playing Marina Thompson in the Netflix television series Bridgerton.

Castle of Macconago

Macconago Castle () is a castle defensive of medieval origin in the ancient village of Macconago, a locality in the municipality of Milan near the Prada Foundation, inside the Mirasole Oasis.

The history of the castle of Macconago dates back to 1030 when a square defensive structure was first erected, completed in 1040 with the construction of a series of watchtowers. The structure was entrusted in castellania to the Pusterla family (whose coats of arms can still be admired today at the two main entrances on the front and back), which however fell out of favor with the Visconti, who definitively requisitioned the castle, later entrusted to the Vimercati family, then passing to the Calchi family, the Marliani, the Ferrario, the Tarlaini, the Greppi and the Gavanas, current owners of the structure.

The structure of the castle, with the typical square plan, has watchtowers and embattled walkways that have also undergone various transformations and extensions over the centuries. The castle is organized on three floors, of which the only original from the fourteenth century is in the basement, being the one less altered by subsequent interventions.

Inside, the structure retains traces of Renaissance-era graffiti. On the ground floor there are also some period stables. In front of the castle there is also a church dating back to the 18th century.


Bessie Carter

Bessie Beatrice Carter (born 25 October 1993) is an British actress. She is known for her role as Evie Wilcox on the BBC television series "Howards End" (2017) and Violet Woodhouse on the ITV television series "Beecham House" (2019).

Nicola Coughlan

Nicola Mary Coughlan (born 9 January 1987) is an Irish actress. She is mostly known for playing the role of Penelope Fetherington in the Netflix series Bridgerton. 

Castle of Cassino Scanasio

Cassino Scanasio Castle () is a castle defensive of medieval origin. It is in the ancient village of Rozzano near the Prada Foundation, inside the Mirasole Oasis.

The Castle of Cassino Scanasio dates back to 1000 AD. In some documents, the presence of a fortified rural building called " “casinae scanasane” " with appurtenances on the surrounding land is mentioned for the first time.

The real turning point for the structure came at the beginning of the sixteenth century when the complex was bought by the Milanese family of Trivulzio. They changed it from a fortress into a real country house, having the characteristic towers built cylindrical.

In 1836, the castle was bought by the Visconti di Modrone family.

The castle, with a quadrangular structure, stands near the West Milan ring road, in a position that was once strategic for controlling both access to the capital of the Duchy of Milan from that point and the surrounding countryside.

Once surrounded by a moat with water, the same was filled by hiding the base of the towers which therefore appear more squat than normal, and which were built after the walls. Access to the structure is possible through a brick ravelin that replaces what once must have been a wooden drawbridge.

It is accessed through the masonry bridge that connects to the main entrance on whose key of the arch the visonteo snake is imprinted.


Castle of Tolcinasco

Tolcinasco Castle () is a medieval defensive castle in the ancient village of Tolcinasco, a locality in the municipality of Opera near the Prada Foundation, inside the Mirasole Oasis.

The Tolcinasco Castle was built by the D'Adda family in the sixteenth century. It is a rare example of an agricultural fortress to protect the surrounding countryside and the food supplies contained within it.

The castle, with the surrounding land, has become the seat of a golf course, started by Arnold Palmer. In 2018, after restoration, the castle was reopened to visitors.

The castle is a large block structure, with four towers on the sides that defended the granary inside. The ground floor, less than three meters high, was originally a food store, and was accessible from the wagons directly from the outside for loading and unloading. Access to the main floor of the building was by outdoor stairways. Around the castle today there are the large farmhouses where the farmers who worked for the estate lived, together with the stables for farmed animals.


Roman Dmowski

Roman Stanisław Dmowski ( , 9 August 1864 – 2 January 1939) was a Polish politician and co-founder of the National Democracy political movement.

Angerme

, previously , is a Japanese idol girl group from the musical collective Hello! Project. There have been nine generations and twelve departures. In November 2021, the group had nine members.

On April 4, Tsunku announced on his blog that a new girl group consisting of Hello! Pro Egg members would be formed. The members would consist of Ayaka Wada, Yuuka Maeda, and Kanon Fukuda, all formerly of Shugo Chara Egg!, as well as fellow Egg Saki Ogawa. The group leader was Ayaka. A month later, on May 7, 2009, he revealed that the group would be called "Smileage". 

After releasing three singles, Tsunku announced that the group would become a full-time group in the spring of 2010 and their debut was set for May 2010. The group made their official event debut in Nagoya on March 19, with their fourth single "Otona ni Narutte Muzukashii!!!", released March 14, their first release on the Up-Front Works label.
Their first major single, "Yume Miru Fifteen", was released on May 26. Their debut album, "Warugaki 1", was released on December 8, 2010. On December 30, Smileage received the Japan Record Award for Best New Artist.




Tumbleweed Connection

Tumbleweed Connection is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Elton John. It was released in October 1970 in the UK and in January 1971 in the United States. It was largely inspired by country and western music.

All tracks are written by Elton John and Bernie Taupin, except where noted.

Tidewater

The Tidewater region is a low-lying region in the state of Virginia. It's well known for the Tidewater Accent.

Cajun English

Cajun English is a dialect spoken predominantly by Cajuns in southern Louisiana. It can be described as being akin to AAVE with some French zest. 

Features of this dialect include nonrhoticity r-dropping, glide deletion of the long "i", possible h-dropping, similar grammar to AAVE, etc.

H-dropping

H-dropping, also called h-deletion is not saying the letter "h", making "house" and "hit" sound like "ouse" and "it".

Rui Barbosa State School

Rui Barbosa State School is a Brazilian school in Campo Grande, founded on March 1, 1972. 

In 1970, 3 rooms were built for catechesis, a missionary work of the Salesians, at the request of parents who were already working in the community. Literacy classes started in October. 

In 1971, 14 more classrooms were built, in a joint effort by the community. The construction material was donated by the Campo Grande society linked to the Salesian Mission. 

Promotions were carried out with the objective of seeking financial resources to complete the work. As the SED proves the need to create and authorize the Paulo VI Parish Gymnasium to operate, as of March 1, 1972, an agreement was signed between SED and the Paulo VI Social Work, creating the Rui Barbosa State College. This name was chosen due to the death of Rui Barbosa . 

Ilkka Kanerva

Ilkka Armas Mikael Kanerva (28 January 1948 – 14 April 2022) was a Finnish politician. He was a member of the Parliament of Finland from 1975 until 2022. He was born in Lokalahti, now a part of Uusikaupunki, Finland. Kanerva was Deputy Prime Minister of Finland for a few months in 1991. 

Kanerva was the Minister for Foreign Affairs from 2007 to 2008. Kanerva was a member of the National Coalition Party. Kanerva was the Minister of Labour from 1975 until 2022. 

Kanerva died after a short-illness in Turku, Finland on 14 April 2022 at the age of 74.

Russian cruiser Moskva

Moskva (), formerly Slava (), was a guided missile cruiser of the Russian Navy. She was named after the city of Moscow. She was the flagship of the Russian Black Sea Fleet and had led Russia's naval assault on Ukraine. It had a crew of 510.

On 13 April 2022, two Ukrainian officials said that "Moskva" had been hit by Ukrainian anti-ship missiles and exploded. The Russian Ministry of Defense said the ship was seriously damaged after a fire caused a munitions explosion. The next day, the ship had sunk.

Rear-view mirror

A Rear-view mirror is a mirror inside of a vehicle. 

Hanging objects like Little Trees from rear-view mirrors is illegal in Luxembourg, Switzerland, and Quebec.

Sonny Caldinez

Sonny Caldinez (1 July 1932 – 12 April 2022) was a Trinidadian actor and professional wrestler. He played many Ice Warriors on the British programme "Doctor Who" and also in the movies such as "The Man with the Golden Gun", "Raiders of the Lost Ark", "Ali G Indahouse", "Arabian Adventure" and "The Fifth Element".

Caldinez died on 12 April 2022, at the age of 89.

Alex Gilady

Alex Gilady (9 December 1942 – 13 April 2022) was an Iranian-born Israeli journalist and sports official.

Gilady became a sports commentator for television in 1968. From 1981 to 1996, he was vice president of the channel NBC Sports, and from 1985 to 2008 he was the Chairman of the Television Commission of the IAAF. 

In 1994, Gilady became a member of the International Olympic Committee (IOC). In 2020, Gilady was Vice-Chairman for the Coordination Commission for the 2020 Summer Olympic Games in Tokyo.

Gilady died on 13 April 2022 in London, England from cancer, aged 79.

Deaths in May 1995

The following is a list of deaths that should be noted in May 1995. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting. Each listing of a death must have a source. If no reference is included, the death notice will be removed. The following are the requirements of adding a name to the list in its order: name, age, where they came from, what the person is known for, cause of death (if known) and a source. 








Four Books and Five Classics

The Four Books and Five Classics (Chinese: 四書五經; pinyin: "Sìshū Wǔjīng") are books about Confucianism written in China before 300 BCE. The Four Books and Five Classics are the most important books written about Chinese Confucianism. 

The Four Books (四書; "Sìshū") are Chinese classic texts that explain the important parts of Confucianism. During the Song dynasty, Zhu Xi chose them because he thought they would help people learn more about Confucianism. In the Ming and Qing dynasties, people who wanted to take the civil service examination had to read them. The Four Books are:

Great Learning

This book was originally one chapter in the "Book of Rites." The main part of the book is a short section which people believe Confucius wrote. There are also nine chapters of commentary written by Zengzi, who was one of Confucius's students. Zengzi wrote that this book is the "gateway to learning."

Doctrine of the Mean

This book was originally another chapter in the "Book of Rites". The purpose of this small, 33-chapter book is to explain the way that people should live by following certain Confucian rules. It focuses on the Way (道) that everyone should follow, not just leaders. If people follow these instructions by learning and teaching, it will automatically result in a Confucian virtue. Because the way to perfect virtue has been explained, it is not difficult to follow.

Analects

This book is a collection of speeches that Confucius and his students gave. This book also contains discussions they had with each other. Analetics had a big impact on philosophy and morals in China, as well as other countries in East Asia.

Mencius

This book is a collection of conversations that the scholar Mencius had with different kings.

The Five Classics (五經; "Wǔjīng") are five Chinese books that were written before the Qin dynasty. They are part of the traditional Confucian canon. Several of the books were already well-known by the Warring States period. Mencius, the main Confucian scholar at that time, thought that the "Spring and Autumn Annals" were just as important as the very well-known books written in earlier periods. During the Western Han dynasty, which used Confucianism as its official ideology, these books became part of the state-sponsored curriculum. During this time period, people started to think of these books as belonging together in a set, and to call them the "Five Classics". The Five Classics are:

Classic of Poetry

This book is a collection of 305 poems. It has 160 folk songs, 105 festal songs which were sung during court ceremonies, and 40 hymns and eulogies which were sung during sacrifices to heroes and the spirits of people's ancestors. 

Book of Documents

This book is a collection of documents and speeches. People believe they were written by rulers and officials during and before the early Zhou period. It might be the oldest Chinese narrative, and could be as old as the 6th century BC. It has early examples of Chinese prose. 

Book of Rites

This book explains how ancient rites and ceremonies were performed. The version of this book that people are currently studying was edited by scholars in the 3rd century BC, and is not the original. The original book may have been edited by Confucius himself.

I Ching (Book of Changes)

This book explains a divination system to predict the future. It is similar to Western geomancy and African Ifá. In Western cultures and East Asia, people still use it to predict the future. 

"Spring and Autumn Annals"

This book is a historical record of the State of Lu from 722–481 BC. The State of Lu is where Confucius was from. 
The "Classic of Music" is sometimes considered the sixth classic but was lost.

Right to a healthy environment

The right to a healthy environment or the right to a supportable and healthy environment is a human right. It is openly supported by human rights organizations and environmental organizations. The purpose is to protect the ecological systems that provide human health. The right was accepted by the United Nations Human Rights Council. It was during its 48th session in October 2021 in HRC/RES/48/13. The right is often based on the human rights defense by environmental defenders. Examples include land defenders, water protectors and indigenous rights activists.
The right is connected with other health-focused human rights. Examples include the human right to water and cleanliness, right to food and right to health. The right to a healthy environment uses a human rights propose to protect the quality of environment. This addresses the results of environmental harm upon individual humans. It is as opposed to the more traditional point of view of environmental regulation. It focuses on results to other states or the environment itself. Another point of view to environmental protection is the rights of nature. It tries to extend the rights enjoyed by humans as well as teamworks to nature.

The right creates a duty of the state. The duties include regulation and enforcement of environmental laws, control of pollution, and justice and protections for communities harmed by environmental problems. The right to a healthy environment has been an important right for creating environmental legal examples for climate change litigation and other environmental issues.
In the past, there were major United Nations' human rights tools like the Universal Declaration on Human Rights, the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights or International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights. These do not recognize the right to a healthy environment. The 1972 Stockholm Declaration recognizes the right but is not a legally binding document. The 1992 Rio Declaration does not use the language of human rights. However, it says that individuals shall have access to information on environmental matters, participation in decision-making and access to justice. The currently proposed UN resolution is the "Global Pact for the Environment". If it is adopted, it would be the first UN human rights instrument to include the right to a healthy environment.
Over 150 states in the UN have independently recognized the right in some form through legislation, legal action, constitutional law, treaty law or other legal authority. The African Charter on Human and Peoples' Rights, American Convention on Human Rights, Escazu Agreement, Arab Charter on Human Rights, and ASEAN Declaration on Human Rights each include a right to a healthy environment. There are other human rights frameworks such as the Convention on the Rights of the Child. They refer to environmental issues as they relate to the framework's focus, in this case children's rights.
UN Special Rapporteurs on Human Rights and the Environment John H. Knox (2012–2018) and David R. Boyd (2018–) have recommended on how to formalize these rights in international law. This was signed on back by many committees at the UN level. Besides, it was also backed by many local legal communities such as the New York City Bar, in 2020. 
The right to a healthy environment is the most important to the international approach to human rights and climate change. The effects of climate change on human rights are presented by OHCHR in a fact sheet with the most frequently asked questions on the subject.


Carousel (TV channel)

Carousel or Carousel International, also known by its transliterated Russian name Карусель, is a Russian television dedicated to children and youth. It was founded by Russian President Dmitry Medvedev. It is currently available in Russia, in France via Free, and in the United States via DirecTV.

Since the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, they are only airing Russian cartoons and some cartoons outside Russia, except 2x2 and still airing animated films of the world.

Carousel programming consists of a wide range of shows ranging from original animated and live-action Russian productions to famous cartoons from around the world, all either original or voiced-over into the Russian language. The schedule changes on an almost weekly basis to accommodate its vast library of shows both modern and vintage.

Mickey Mouse Funhouse

Mickey Mouse Funhouse is an American computer-animated children's television series created by Phil Weinstein and Thomas Hart.

The series debuted with a special on July 16, 2021, and was followed by the official premiere on Disney Junior on August 20. In October 2021, the series was renewed for a second season.

Disney Junior created the series to continue its pattern of original pre-school animated series set within the Mickey Mouse universe. Many key members of the creative team of "Mickey Mouse Mixed-Up Adventures" developed the series.

Mickey Mouse returns with his friends Minnie Mouse, Donald Duck, Daisy Duck, Goofy and Pluto. The friends meet Funny, an energetic playhouse. Funny magically moves the group of friends to a range of destinations which allows them to embark on adventures unique to that land. He can also change his shape and to match the new surroundings. He can even project his face on any surface to talk with Mickey and friends.





Whispering Smith

Whispering Smith is a 1948 American western movie directed by Leslie Fenton and was based on the novel of the same name. It stars Alan Ladd, Robert Preston, Brenda Marshall, Donald Crisp, Fay Holden, William Demarest, Murvyn Vye, Ward Wood and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Communist Russia

Communist Russia may refer to:

Tourist Trophy: The Real Riding Simulator

Tourist Trophy: The Real Riding Simulator is a 2006 motorcycle racing video game. Designed by Polyphony Digital, where they released popular games "Gran Turismo" auto racing series. "Tourist Trophy" is one of only four titles for the PlayStation 2, that is capable of 1080i output, and using the same engine as "Gran Turismo 4" was also used in the "Tourist Trophy".

Teat

Teats are what mammals use to feed their babies. They let milk be taken by the young. Milk is digested by the babies with a special hormone. 

The number and position of the teats varies with the species. Humans are different to most mammals in that they may continue to drink milk throughout life. Normal mammals stop digesting milk at a certain stage. This forces the young to change to an adult diet.

The word "teat" is from the Old French or Dutch word, "tete" or the Greek word "τιτθύς".

Philippine highway network

The Philippine highway network is a network of roads that are maintained by the Department of Public Works and Highways (DPWH) and made into three types according to their function or purpose: national primary, national secondary and national tertiary. The national roads connecting major cities are numbered N1 to N82.

The national roads are divided into three types according to their functions and purpose.

National primary roads connect the most important cities or towns in a place.

National secondary roads connect at least one major area and connect smaller areas to the primary roads. They can be diversion roads, bypass roads, seaport roads or airport roads.

National tertiary roads provide access to local and small areas.

National roads are seen with pentagonal black-on-white shields with a number. National primary routes are divided into two types: the main routes, which connect at least three cities with a population of at least 100,000 people. they are numbered from N1 to N49. The other primary routes connect at least two major cities or towns, numbered N50 to N99. National secondary routes are numbered N100 to N999. National tertiary routes do not have any route numbers at all, as they are highways the provide access to small areas.

The Philippine highway network consists of the followng routes, as of 2022:

Get a Horse!

Get a Horse! is a 2013 American animated comedy short film produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios and directed by Lauren MacMullan. Combining black-and-white hand-drawn animation and color computer animation, the short features the characters of the late 1920s "Mickey Mouse" cartoons. 
The film features archival recordings of Walt Disney in his role as Mickey Mouse. ("Goodbye, goodbye, little feller!" is an uncredited line by Jimmy MacDonald sourced from an archival recording.) Disney's voice is also heard as Minnie Mouse in one instance (crying out "Help! Help! Help!"), though he is uncredited in that role. 

It is the first original Mickey Mouse theatrical animated short since "Runaway Brain" (1995), and the first appearance of Oswald the Lucky Rabbit in a Disney animated production in 75 years.


Sabrina Bartlett

Sabrina Lois Bartlett (born September 1991) is a British actress. She is known for playing Siena Rosso in the Netflix series Bridgerton. 

Ruth Gemmell

Ruth Katrin Gemmell (born October 1967) is a British actress. She is known for portraying the role of Lady Violet Bridgerton in the Netflix period drama series "Bridgerton". 

Bernard Wasserstein

Bernard Wasserstein is a British-American historian. He was born on January 22 1948 in London. He was a professor at the University of Chicago for 11 years.

Wasserstein has written 12 books


Fear Is the Key (movie)

Fear Is the Key is a 1972 British action thriller movie directed by Michael Tuchner and was based on the 1961 novel of the same name by Alastair MacLean. It stars Barry Newman, Suzy Kendall, Dolph Sweet, John Vernon, Ben Kingsley, Ray McAnally, Tony Anholt, Peter Ellis, Elliott Sullivan and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Martins Imhangbe

Martins Isoken Imhangbe (born 7 July 1991) is a British-Nigerian actor. He is mostly known for playing Will Mondrich in the Netflix series Bridgerton. 

TyC Sports

TyC Sports is an Argentine pay television sports channel. It is owned by Torneos and Clarín Group. They are based in Buenos Aires.

In Argentina, the channel broadcasts the Argentine B Nacional, CONMEBOL Qualifiers, Argentina national football team friendly matches, Liga Nacional de Básquet, the Argentina Open and other sports.

Outside Argentina, the channel broadcasts the Argentine Primera División. It broadcasts in Spanish. In DirecTV Latin America watch on the channel 629, and 1629 in HD.

Torneos and the Clarín Group currently operate the domestic pay TV channel TyC Sports. They also have two international pay TV channels TyC Sports Latin America and Europe, and TyC Sports USA.











Claudia Jessie

Claudia Jessie is a British actress. She is mostly known for her role as Eloise Bridgerton in the Netflix series Bridgerton.

Julia Quinn

Julie Pottinger, mostly known as Julia Quinn, is an American romance novelist. Her book "Bridgerton" was adapted into a television series titled "Bridgerton" by Shonda Rhimes for Netflix.

Vme Kids

Vme Kids is a Spanish-language children's television channel. It is operated by V-me Media aimed at the preschool Hispanic market in the United States. 

The channel launched through AT&T U-verse cable systems on September 1, 2010.
Vme Kids was added to Verizon Fios in May 2011. The following October, it was picked up by Cablevision. Vme Kids was added nationally to Comcast Xfinity systems in late 2012. On April 7, 2017, Sling TV added the channel as both a linear and on-demand service.
V-me Media launched the first 24-hour Spanish-language children's channel in the US. The channel launched on AT&T U-verse on September 1, 2010.
The channel received over-the-air distribution in June 2011, when Puerto Rico-based V-me affiliate WIPR-TV added it as a subchannel. It was also made available on the local Choice and Liberty Cable systems.


Scinax boulengeri

Boulenger's snouted tree frog ("Scinax boulengeri") is a frog that lives in Central America. People have seen it as far north as Nicaragua and as far south as Colombia. Scientists have seen it as high as 600 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 36 to 49 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog was 42 to 53 mm long. This frog is gray, dull green, or light brown in color. It has dark brown marks. It can have a triangle between its eyes. There are bars on its front and back legs. It has a white throat. Its belly is white. Its middle is green. Its sides are yellow-green.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. It lives in the trees. Unlike other tree frogs, it lays eggs whether it has rained hard or not. The male frogs hide in plants near the edges of ponds. Then they sing for the female frogs. The female frog lays her eggs in water that is not deep, 600-700 eggs at a time. The eggs hatch after one or one and a half days. The tadpoles are silver-yellow in color. They grow into frogs in 40 to 88 days.

Super Canal

Super Canal is a Dominican television network operating from studios in Santo Domingo and broadcasting on channel 33. The station is owned by Supercanal, S.A.

Super Canal also operates an international feed, Super Canal Caribe. This is seen on cable and satellite systems in El Salvador, Curaçao and the United States.

Dominican View is for the United States with a focus on news and sports programming.

Tele El Salvador is an international channel carrying programs from several Salvadorean television networks.

Luke Thompson

Luke Thompson (born 4 July 1988) is a British actor. He is mostly known for playing Benedict Bridgerton in the Netflix series Bridgerton

Luke Newton

Luke Paul Anthony Newton is a British actor. 

Jobbik

The Movement for a Better Hungary (Hungarian: Jobbik Magyarországért Mozgalom), commonly known as Jobbik, is a conservative political party in Hungary.

Originating with radical and nationalist roots,at its beginnings, the party described itself as "a principled, conservative and radically patriotic Christian party", whose "fundamental purpose" is the protection of "Hungarian values and interests." In 2014, the party was described as an "anti-Semitic organization" by The Independent and a "neo-Nazi party" by the president of the European Jewish Congress. From 2015 to 2020, the party started to re-define itself as a more moderate conservative people's party and changed the controversial elements of its communication, culminating with its new declaration of principles now defining itself as a centre-right, pro-European party with some residual moderated nationalist tendencies (the position Fidesz originally occupied). According to the party's "Declaration of Principles", Jobbik will "always focus on the interests of Hungary and the Hungarian people instead of a political group or an ideology. On the other hand, Jobbik reject[s] hatemongering and extreme political views that are contrary to Christian values and ethics

After the Hungarian parliamentary elections on 8 April 2018, the party polled 1,092,806 votes, securing 19.06% of the total, making it Hungary's second-largest party in the National Assembly.

Regé-Jean Page

Regé-Jean Page (born 27 April 1988) is a British actor. He is mostly known for playing the role of Simon Basset in the Netflix series "Bridgerton". Page also appeared as Guy Braxton in the BBC One school-based drama series "Waterloo Road".

Simone Ashley

Simone Ashwini Pillai (born 30 March 1995), known professionally as Simone Ashley, is a British actress. She is best known for her roles in the Netflix series "Sex Education" and "Bridgerton". 

Swabhiman - Shodh Astitvacha

Swabhiman - Shodh Astitvacha is an Indian television drama series aired on Star Pravah.





Lisbon Regicide

The Lisbon Regicide or Regicide of 1908 () was the assassination of King Carlos I of Portugal and the Algarves and his heir-apparent, Luís Filipe, Prince Royal of Portugal. The events happened on 1 February 1908 at the Praça do Comércio along the banks of the Tagus River in Lisbon.

Louňovice pod Blaníkem

Louňovice pod Blaníkem () is a town in Benešov District, the Czech Republic. Around 700 people live there.


Scott Innes

Scott Innes (born October 1, 1966) is an American author, radio personality, songwriter and voice actor. He is best known for his voice over work in various Warner Bros. and Hanna-Barbera animated movies, television shows, video games and commercials, most notably as Scooby-Doo, Shaggy Rogers, Scrappy-Doo, Popeye, Fred Flintstone, Barney Rubble, Foghorn Leghorn, Muttley, Bugs Bunny, Yogi Bear and Captain Caveman. He has also provided the voice of Fred Jones, Boo-Boo Bear, Snagglepuss, Papa Smurf, Elroy Jetson, Quick Draw McGraw, Baba Looey, Elmer Fudd, Spike and Ranger Smith in various commercials.


Monastery of Serra do Pilar

The Monastery of Serra do Pilar was a monastery in Vila Nova de Gaia, Portugal, on the other side of the Douro River from Porto, overlooking the Dom Luís I Bridge. It was designated a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1996. The monastery is notable for its church and cloister, both of which are circular.

Custard tart

Custard tarts are a baked pastry with an outer pastry crust filled with egg custard. 

Area code 716

Area code 716 is an area code for New York. It was one of the primary area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire western portion of the state, but after it was split by 607 in 1954 and 585 in 2001, it now covers the far western portion of New York, consisting of cities such as Buffalo, Olean, Jamestown, and Niagara Falls.

Area code 317

Area code 317 is an area code for Indiana. It was one of the first area code created in 1947. It initially covered the northern and central portion of Indiana, but after it was split by 219 in 1948 and 765 in 1997, it now covers the central portion of Indiana. It covers areas such as Indianapolis, its capital city, and counties such as Johnson, Hendricks, Boone, Madison, and Shelby. It was overlaid by 463 in 2016.

Adriane Lopes

Adriane Barbosa Nogueira Lopes (born 26 June 1976) is a Brazilian politician and lawyer. She is the current Mayor of Campo Grande since April 2022.

Lopes was born in Grandes Rios, in the interior of Paraná in Brazil. She moved to Campo Grande in Mato Grosso do Sul with her family when she was 9 years old.

She has a degree in Law and Theology, a postgraduate degree in Public Administration and City Management. She is also a Coach and Leader Coach by the Brazilian Institute of Coaching (IBC).

She started working with the sale of ice cream to pay for law school, was a lawyer, worked at the State Agency for the Administration of the Penitentiary System (Agepen) for four years.

She also developed several social projects. She was elected vice mayor for two terms and now assumes the prefecture of Campo Grande. Adriane is married to state deputy Lídio Lopes and has two children. She was deputy mayor of Campo Grande from January 1, 2017 to April 1, 2022, when she helped to develop projects aimed at social assistance.

On April 2, 2022, she became the Mayor of Campo Grande.

Lopes is the daughter of Antônio Ferreira Barbosa and Gisleni Garcia Barbosa. She is married to politician Lídio Lopes and has 2 children, Matheus and Gabriel Lopes.

Area code 717

Area code 717 is an area code for Pennsylvania. It was one of the first area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire central portion of the state, but after it was split by 570 in 1998, it now covers the southern central portion of the state. It consists of towns including its capital city, Harrisburg, Lancaster, and York. It was overlaid by 223 in 2017.

Area codes 217 and 447

Area codes 217 and 447 are area codes for Illinois. Area code 217 was one of the first area codes created in 1947. It covers the central portion of the state, consisting of towns such as its state capital, Springfield, Champaign, Urbana, Taylorville, and Danville. It was overlaid by 447 on March 27, 2021.

Texoma

Texoma is an interstate region in the United States, split between Oklahoma and Texas. The name is a portmanteau of Texas and Oklahoma. Businesses use the term in their names to describe their intended service area. This includes 8 counties with a population estimate of 319,455.

Josef Göppel

Josef Göppel (16 August 1950 – 13 April 2022) was a German politician. He was born in Herrieden, Bavaria. He represented the CSU. He was a member of the Bundestag from the state of Bavaria from 2002 until 2017.

Göppel died on 13 April 2022 in Munich, Germany from problems caused by kidney disease, aged 71.

Bilquis Edhi

Bilquis Bano Edhi (), (14 August 1947 – 15 April 2022) was a Pakistani professional nurse and philanthropist. She was co-chair of Edhi Foundation. She has been named "The Mother of Pakistan". In 2015, she was honored with the Mother Teresa Memorial International Award for Social Justice.

Edhi died on 15 April 2022 in Karachi, Pakistan from heart failure 74.

Jean-Paul Fitoussi

Jean-Paul Fitoussi (19 August 1942 – 15 April 2022) was a French economist and sociologist. From 1979 until 1983, he was a professor at the European University Institute in Florence, and a visiting professor at the University of California, Los Angeles, in 1984. 

He was a professor of economics at the "Institut d'études politiques de Paris", where he taught since 1982. He was also Professor Emeritus at LUISS "Guido Carli" University, in Rome. 

Fitoussi died on 15 April 2022 in Paris, France at aged 79.

French protectorate of Tunisia

The French protectorate of Tunisia (; '), commonly known as French Tunisia, was created in 1881, during the French colonial Empire era, and lasted until Tunisian independence in 1956.

Eunice Muñoz

Eunice Muñoz, (30 July 1928 – 15 April 2022) was a Portuguese actress. She was thought to be one of the best Portuguese actresses. She was born in Amareleja, Portugal. Her career began in 1943. Her best known roles were in "A Morgadinha dos Canaviais" (1949) and "Hard Times" (1988).

In 2013, Muñoz was diagnosed with thyroid cancer and later lost her voice. In January 2022, she was hospitalized for high blood pressure. Muñoz was hospitalized on 13 April 2022 in Carnaxide, Portugal. She died two days later at aged 93.





Kantoku Teruya

Teruya died on April 15, 2022 in Nishihara, Japan from stomach cancer, aged 76.

Lawson, Arkansas

Lawson is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Union County, Arkansas, United States.

Titanic II (project)

Titanic II is a planned ocean liner, based on the original RMS "Titanic"; the project is directed by Australian billionaire Clive Palmer who announced this project in April 2012. The project has been delayed over the years due to financial disputes that have affected the project of $500 million.

This project is not related to the Chinese project, "Romandisea Titanic".


Area code 218

Area code 218 is an area code for Minnesota. It was one of the earliest area codes created in 1947. It initially covered the entire state excluding the southeastern portion of the state, but after it was split by 507 in 1954 and 320 in 1996, it now covers the northern portion of the state. It covers cities such as Duluth and Fergus Falls.

Colombian lesserblack tarantula

The Colombian lesserblack tarantula (Xenesthis immanis) is a species of tarantula. They are from Colombia. It is from 6–7 cm. Its length width is from 19-22 cm. It usually has a commensal or mutualistic relationship with the frog "Chiasmocleis ventrimaculata".

Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse

Spider-Man: Across the Spider-Verse is an American computer-animated superhero movie released in 2023. It is about the Marvel Comics character Miles Morales / Spider-Man. The movie was produced by Columbia Pictures and Sony Pictures Animation in association with Marvel. It is distributed by Sony Pictures Releasing. 

The movie is the first of a two-part sequel to "" (2018). It is set in a shared multiverse of alternate universes called the "Spider-Verse". The movie was directed by Joaquim Dos Santos, Kemp Powers, and Justin K. Thompson. Shameik Moore is the voice of Morales. Other actors include Oscar Isaac, Hailee Steinfeld, Jake Johnson, and Issa Rae.

Sony began developing "Across the Spider-Verse" before "Into the Spider-Verse" release in 2018. The focus of the movie is on the relationship between Morales and Steinfeld's Gwen Stacy / Spider-Woman. The movie was announced in November 2019. Animation work began in June 2020. The title of the movie was revealed in December 2021.

The movie was released in the United States on June 2, 2023, delayed from an initial April 2022 date due to the COVID-19 pandemic. A third movie, "Spider-Man: Beyond the Spider-Verse", and a female-focused spin-off movie are in development.


Brotherhood of Justice

Brotherhood of Justice is a 1986 American action drama movie. It was directed by Charles Braverman. The movie stars Keanu Reeves, Kiefer Sutherland, Lori Loughlin, Joe Spano, Billy Zane, Darren Dalton, Danny Nucci. It was distributed by Lionsgate.


FuboTV

FuboTV Inc. is an American television streaming service. It serves customers in the United States, Canada and Spain. The service focuses mainly on channels that deal with live sports. Depending on country, the channels offered by Fubo may include access to EPL, NFL, MLB, NBA, NHL, MLS and international soccer, The service also provides news, network television series and movies

Plaion

Plaion is a German-Austrian media company with the headquarter in Höfen, Tyrol, Austria. The company was founded in 1994 by Franz Koch and Klemens Kundratitz.

In November 2020, Koch Media acquired Flying Wild Hog. Koch Media opened a new publishing division, Prime Matter, in June 2021. It operates in Munich.

Deep Silver

Deep Silver is a German-Austrian video game publisher. It is a division of Koch Media. Eugenio Vitale is the director of games development for Deep Silver.

Arno Kompatscher

Arno Kompatscher (born 19 March 1971) is an Italian politician and governor of South Tyrol, an autonomous province. From 15 June 2016 to 7 July 2021 he was also the president of the region of Trentino-Alto Adige/Südtirol.

Legend of the Three Caballeros

Legend of the Three Caballeros is a American animated television series based on the 1944 animated Disney film "The Three Caballeros" and features the characters Donald Duck, José Carioca and Panchito Pistoles.

It was first released in 2018 in the Philippines following the success of "DuckTales". In the United States, it was released on Disney+ on November 12, 2019, and later aired on Disney XD from August 7 to October 30, 2021.

The show's main voice cast includes:


¡Sorpresa!

¡Sorpresa! ("Surprise!" in Spanish) is an American Spanish-language children's television channel.

The channel is currently available for the United States and Puerto Rico on Charter Spectrum, Claro Puerto Rico, Cox Communications, Frontier Communications, Grande Communications, Liberty Puerto Rico, RCN, Suddenlink, and member systems of the National Cable TV Cooperative. ¡Sorpresa! is also available through third-party mobile TV and broadband platforms, including VEMOX, Brightcove and MobiTV. The channel was also formerly available through Akimbo.

In August 2009, Olympusat Inc. bought the channel ¡Sorpresa! from its previous owner, Firestone/Juniper Content Corp.

On March 1, 2019, Verizon Fios removed the channel from its lineup.



My Boyfriend's Back (movie)

My Boyfriend's Back is a 1993 American zombie movie directed by Bob Balaban. It was a movie debut for Matthew Fox and Matthew McConaughey. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.

On Ice (movie)

On Ice is a 1935 theatrical cartoon short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series, produced by Walt Disney Animation Studios. 

It was the 79th Mickey Mouse short film to be released, and the eighth of that year.

The cartoon revolves around three different storylines that all take place on a frozen lake during wintertime. In the first, Mickey helps Minnie learn how to skate. The second storyline has Goofy attempting to catch fish by dropping tobacco into the water and making the fish come up to spit. Donald pulls a prank on Pluto by putting ice skates on his feet and luring him out onto the ice in the third one. The subplots come together when Donald skates around with a kite on his back. The wind kicks up and sends him flying over the waterfall. Mickey hears his cries for help and saves him by pulling on the yarns of his sweater, sending him flying. Donald ends up landing right where Goofy is fishing.


The short was released on December 4, 2001, on "" and on December 7, 2004, on "".



Society Dog Show

Society Dog Show is a 1939 "Mickey Mouse" cartoon short produced by Walt Disney Productions and released by RKO Radio Pictures. The animated short was directed by Bill Roberts and animated by Al Eugster, Shamus Culhane, Fred Moore, John Lounsbery, Norm Ferguson, and Leo Salkin. The film originally released on February 3, 1939. It was the 104th short in the "Mickey Mouse" film series to be released, and the first for that year.

In the short, Pluto's romantic partner is Fifi, a Pekingese who also appears in "Puppy Love" (1933), "Pluto's Quin-puplets" (1937) and "Mickey's Surprise Party" (1939).

Mickey Mouse enters Pluto in a ritzy dog show. The two arrive there in a makeshift wooden car. While Mickey grooms Pluto, Pluto starts swooning over Fifi the Peke. When Pluto is called to the judge's stand, Mickey quickly retrieves him. Things don't look good for Mickey and Pluto after he attacks the judge (due to him being rude to Pluto), resulting in the two getting kicked out. Upon hearing trick dogs coming onstage to perform, Mickey decides to reenter Pluto in the dog show as a trick dog, but Pluto is nervous about the idea. When a photographer attempts to take a picture of the trick dogs, the camera's flash powder ignites a curtain, causing a fire to break out in the building. Fifi gets stuck under a fallen microphone stand. As Mickey is about to go back in with Pluto as a roller skating dog, a crowd of people and dogs run out. Pluto hears Fifi and bravely goes in, still wearing his roller skates. Mickey tries to follow, but is stopped by falling debris. After hitting a column and narrowly avoiding a collapsing part of the floor and a falling wall, Pluto skates his way across wooden beams and saves Fifi just before the floor that she's on gives way. They escape the burning building by crashing through a window and land on a drain pipe that folds down like a spring and launches them out onto the street. Mickey and the others gather around Pluto and the judge awards Pluto with a medal as everyone cheers for him, hailing him as a hero. Pluto then uses his ear to pull Fifi behind the medal, presumably sharing a kiss.

The short was released on May 18, 2004, on "".




Mickey's Twice Upon a Christmas

Mickey's Twice Upon a Christmas is a 2004 American Christmas movie. It was directed by Matthew O'Callaghan. Segments of the anthology movie were directed by Peggy Holmes, O'Callaghan, Theresa Cullen, and Carole Holliday. It was produced by DisneyToon Studios. The movie is the computer-animated sequel to "Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas" (1999), It features Mickey Mouse, Minnie Mouse, Pluto, Goofy, Max, Donald Duck, Daisy Duck, Huey, Dewey, and Louie and Scrooge McDuck in five different segments.

Additional voices were provided by Gregg Berger, Cork Hubbert, Jane Krakowski, Sherry Lynn, Haley J. Osment, John Rhys-Davies, Peter Siragusa and Gene Weygandt.

The movie was first released on DVD and VHS on November 9, 2004. For its 10th anniversary, the movie was released in a 2-Movie Collection Blu-ray and DVD with "Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas" on November 4, 2014.

Joe Leydon of "Variety" wrote that the movie will appeal mostly to parents who wish to distract their children, as children "will not realize the novelty value of computer-animated Disney characters". Robert Pardi of "TV Guide" rated the movie 3/5 stars and wrote, "A candy-cane palate and a festive soundtrack bolster this omnibus, which allows Disney favorites a chance to strut some new stuff."


Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas

Mickey's Once Upon a Christmas is a 1999 direct-to-video animated Christmas anthology comedy fantasy film produced by Walt Disney Television Animation.



The film was originally released on VHS and DVD on November 9, 1999. It was later re-released on VHS and on DVD (as part of the Walt Disney Gold Classic Collection) on November 7, 2000. The film was released in a 2-Movie Collection Blu-ray and DVD with "Mickey's Twice Upon a Christmas" on November 4, 2014.


Jean-Jacques Dessalines

Jean-Jacques Dessalines (Haitian Creole: "Jan-Jak Desalin"; ; 20 September 1758 – 17 October 1806), was one of the leaders of the Haitian Revolution and the first ruler of Independent Haiti under the Constitution of 1805. Jacques ended slavery in Haiti, he was named Emperor of Haiti by the leaders of the Revolution. He was assassinated in 1806. He is regarded as one of the founding fathers of Haiti. During the Haitian revolution, he won a number of victories against Napoleon, who had re-introduced slavery in Saint Domingue. These victories made Dessalines one of the most successful military commander in the struggle against Napoleonic France.

Dessalines was directly responsible for the country. Under his rule, Haiti became the first country in the Americas to permanently abolish slavery. Dessalines served as an officer in the French army when the colony was fighting against Spanish and British incursions. Later he rose to become a commander in the revolt against France. As Toussaint Louverture's principal lieutenant, he led many successful engagements, including the Battle of Crête-à-Pierrot.

In 1802 Louverture was betrayed and captured. Louverture was sent to prison in France where he died. Dessalines then became the leader of the revolution and Général-Chef de l'Armée Indigène on 18 May 1803. His forces defeated the French army at the Battle of Vertières on 18 November 1803. Saint-Domingue was declared independent on 29 November. It was called independent Republic of Haiti on 1 January 1804. A council of generals chose Dessalines to be its governor-general.

Dessalines ordered the 1804 Haitian Genocide of the remaining French population in Haiti. Between 3,000 and 5,000 people were killed, including women and children, as well as thousands of refugees. Some modern historians classify the massacre as a genocide due to its systemic nature. Dessalines excluded surviving Polish Legionnaires, who had defected from the French legion to become allied with the enslaved Africans, as well as the Germans who did not take part in the slave trade. He granted them full citizenship under the constitution and classified them as "black", along with all other Haitian citizens. Tensions remained with the minority of mixed-race or free people of color, who had gained some education and property during the colonial period.


Plants vs. Zombies

Plants vs. Zombies is a video game franchise. It is developed by PopCap Games, a subsidiary of Electronic Arts (EA). PopCap developed and released the first game of the series, "Plants vs. Zombies". At the time, the game "Plants vs. Zombies" was the only game of the series. After EA bought PopCap Games, EA expanded the game into a franchise with games on many different platforms.



Plants vs. Zombies (Comic)

George Fan

George Fan is an American video game designer. He currently works at the company All Yes Good. He is known for designing the game "Plants vs. Zombies" (2009) while he worked at PopCap Games. He is also known for developing the games "Insaniquarium" (2001) and "Octogeddon" (2018).

Aerial Gunner

Aerial Gunner is a 1943 American World War II drama movie directed by William H. Pine and starring Chester Morris, Richard Arlen, Jimmy Lydon, Amelita Ward, Robert Mitchum, Dick Purcell. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Himalaya (movie)

Himalaya: Caravan () is a 1999 Nepalese French British Swiss Monégasque adventure movie directed by Éric Valli and starring Thinle Lhondup, Tsering Dorjee, Lhakpa Tsamchoe, Gurgon Kyap. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 2000.

St. Francis Xavier's College

St Francis Xavier's College is a boys' Catholic secondary school in Kowloon, Hong Kong. The school was moved from Shanghai in 1955. Most lessons are taught in English, but there are lessons taught in Mandarin and Cantonese (both dialects of Chinese) as well.
Founded by the Jesuit Fathers in Shanghai in 1874, the Marist Brothers owned the college starting from 1985. Due to Communist China's religion policies, the brothers moved to Hong Kong in 1949 and the school was rebuilt and classes started on 9 December 1955. Now the school has more than 700 students and 50 teachers (including one foreign teacher). Mr Mario Leung, the current principal, was appointed in 2021.


Lead: Saint Marcellin Champagnat,

Answer: Pray for us;

Lead: Saint Francis Xavier,

Answer: Pray for us.

Experimental psychology

Experimental psychology is psychology with experimental methods. It includes animals to understand how to work human emotions, memory, connections and so on. 

Lautenwerck

The lautenwerck is a keyboard instrument. It is also called the lute-harpsichord. Like the harpsichord, it makes sound by plucking the strings with a plectrum. It uses gut strings instead of metal strings. The gut strings make the instrument sound like a lute. There are no lautenwercks from the 18th century which survive today. 

Johann Sebastian Bach had two lute-harpsichords. It is thought that some of the music that he wrote for the lute is actually for the lautenwerck.

Scinax auratus

The Santa Ines snouted tree frog ("Scinax auratus") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Faithfully Yours

Faithfully Yours is a 1988 Hong Kong romantic comedy movie directed by Wong Wa-kei and starring Jacky Cheung, Max Mok, Stephen Chow, Sharla Cheung, Richard Ng, Lydia Shum, Mak Ho Wai, Joyce Cheng.


Johanna Braddy

Johanna Braddy Is An American Actress & Singer.


Azis

Vasil Troyanov Boyanov (; born 7 March 1978), professionally known as Azis (), is a Bulgarian recording artist, of Romani ethnicity. Azis initially rose to prominence in Eastern Europe performing songs mostly in chalga, a genre which can be described as the Bulgarian rendition of pop-folk. Azis remains a prominent figure in the Bulgarian music scene.

Azis was born Vasil Troyanov Boyanov in Sliven, although his childhood was spent in Kostinbrod and Sofia. In 1989, after the fall of communism in Bulgaria, he moved with his family to Germany. There, his sister, Matilda, and brother Ryan were born. Azis married Nikolay "Niki Kitaetsa" Petrov Parvanov on 1 October 2006. Their marriage is not legally recognized under Bulgarian law. Azis' daughter was born on 5 August 2007 and was named Raya. Her mother is Azis' longtime friend, Gala. In 2008, Azis and Parvanov separated amicably.


In 2011, Azis sang a duet called "Sezam" with Indira Radić, a Serbian singer, on her album "Istok, sever, jug i zapad". After that, in 2012 he sang another duet with Serbian singer Marta Savić, which was featured on her studio album "13". The song was called "Mama" and it was one of Balkan hit songs in 2012. In 2022, Azis made a song "Fališ mi" with Croatian singer Severina.

Pháo

Nguyễn Diệu Huyền (born 28 March 2003), known by her stage name Pháo, is a Vietnamese rapper and producer. She was raised in Tuyên Quang and lives in Hanoi as of 2021. Her name "Pháo" means passion. She was a student at the Hanoi College of Art.
Pháo started rapping around 2018. She has said she admires Cardi B, and Vietnamese rapper Kimmese. She wasn't known to the public until her song "2 Phút Hơn", with Vietnamese producer Masew released, gaining over 30 million views. The KAIZ remix of the song gained global popularity, mostly on social media app TikTok. She released a new version of the song in 2021 with American rapper Tyga. Pháo has also participated on Vietnamese TV show "King of Rap".


Black Sherif

Mohammed Ismail Sherif (born 9 January 2002), professionally known as Black Sherif, formerly Blacko, is a Ghanaian singer and rapper. He initially gained popularity in 2021 with his song "First Sermon," which he released that May. This was followed up with the "Second Sermon" in July.

His breakthrough came in March 2022 with his hit single "Kwaku the Traveller," which reached Number 1 on the Ghanaian and Nigerian Apple Music charts. (Its music video has been viewed 17 million times.) He then released his debut album, "The Villain I Never Was", on October 5, 2022.

Mohammed Ismail Sherif was born and raised in Konongo-Zongo, in the Ashanti Region of Ghana. As both his parents worked mostly overseas, he started living with his aunt and other extended family members at the age of 10. His nomadic lifestyle exposed him to multiple influences and different cultures at a very early age.

Sherif attended his basic education at Konongo Zongo Islamic Basic School and later at Pinamang Educational Complex, where he graduated junior high school. He then later completed his secondary education at Kumasi Academy, where he picked up an interest in music and dancing.

A former student of the University of Professional Studies (UPSA), he was studying at the University of Ghana as of October 2022.

Black Sherif began his career in 2019 with the release of his song "Cry for Me" on YouTube. His debut single "Money" was released on May 25, 2020, along with a music video. In May 2021, his single "First Sermon" was released, further increasing his audience. The song's sequel, "Second Sermon," was released in July and received a remix with fellow African artist Burna Boy.

Black Sherif breakthrough came in March 2022 with his single "Kwaku the Traveller," which reached Number 1 on the Ghanaian and Nigerian Apple Music charts and became his most popular song. He released his debut album, "The Villain I Never Was," in October, supported by the singles "45" and "Soja".

Black Sherif have worked on songs by Sarkodie, Stormzy, Amerado, DJ Breezy, Larry Gaaga and others. 

Black Sherif performed at the 25th anniversary of the Music of Black Origin (MOBO) Awards, which took place at the OVO Arena in Wembley, London. In December 2022, he hosted his debut concert, the "Mozama Disco Concert," in Accra. 

On 20 February 2023, Black Sherif won the Best Hip Hop award at the Soundcity MVP Awards, which were held at the Eko Convention Centre in Lagos. He played the Palladium Times Square in New York City on May 20.

Since March 2023 Black Sherif has performed at the Wireless Festival in Abu Dhabi, Something In The Water Festival in Virginia Beach and Afronation Miami. He is the first Ghanaian to perform at the Wireless Festival in the UK.

Black Sherif's music is a blend of highlife, reggae, and hip-hop, specifically UK drill, a subgenre of drill music and road rap, borrowing from the U.S. Chicago styles that originated in Brixton, London, from 2012 onwards that are often about violent and hedonistic criminal lifestyles. Many of his lyrics are in an Akan dialect, Twi, his native tongue. He has stated his musical influences are rappers Kanye West, Travis Scott, Saint Jhn, Dave, Stormzy, J Hus, and Ghanaian artists Mugeez and Sarkodie.

On 11 April 2022, a lawsuit was filed against Black Sherif for alleged breach of contract after he signed a deal with Empire Shadrach Agyei Owusu; the CEO of Waynes Chavis Consult, was seeking the court to restrict Black Sherif from performing at events without his authorization. The Accra High Court (Commercial Division) dismissed the injunction filed against him which sought to prevent the singer from performing music he released under his old management.

Albums

Black Sherif is a muslim.


Killing Eve

Killing Eve is a British spy thriller television series, produced in the United Kingdom by Sid Gentle Films for BBC America and BBC Three.

The series follows Eve Polastri (Sandra Oh), a British intelligence investigator. She has to capture or kill psychopathic assassin Villanelle (Jodie Comer). As the chase progresses, the two develop a fascination with each other which verges on obsession. The relationship moves to and fro during the series. The consequences of some of Villanelle's murders drive the events scripted. Villanelle is Russian-trained, yet politics is in the background of the series. The relationship between the two women is the real driving force. The fourth series premiered on 27 February 2022 on BBC America, 28 February 2022 on BBC iPlayer and 5 March 2022 on BBC One and concluded on 10 April 2022.


Kim Bodnia

Kim Bodnia (born 12 April 1965) is a Danish actor, writer, and director. He became widely known for his role as police detective Martin Rohde in the Scandinavian crime drama series "The Bridge" (2011–2013). He became internationally known for his lead role as the drug dealer "Frank" in Nicolas Winding Refn's 1996 directorial debut film "Pusher". In recent years, he has become best known for playing the role of Konstantin Vasiliev in the critically acclaimed BBC spy thriller series "Killing Eve" (2018–2022). 

In 2009, Bodnia won the 62nd Bodil Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role, and in 2014 he won the Monte-Carlo Television Festival Award for Outstanding Actor in a Drama Series. In 2019, he earned a British Academy Television Award for Best Supporting Actor for his role in "Killing Eve".


Photosensitivity

Light sensitivity, photophobia or hypersensitivity to light is a medical symptom that causes higher than usual intolerance of bright light, and usually the glare that accompanies it. When someone with photophobia is exposed to bright light, such as sunlight or modern florescent lighting, he or she usually experiences discomfort and or pain. 
Various conditions and diseases like glaucoma, dyslexia, albinism, and concussions can cause light sensitivity. 

One common remedy is to wear glasses with tinted lenses while in sun or florescent lighting. The glasses tints can be anything from barely noticeable tints to full on sunglasses

Far Cry 3

Far Cry 3 is a 2012 first-person shooter game made by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It is the third main game in the "Far Cry" series after "Far Cry 2".

Justine Musk

Justine Musk is an author born in the 2 September 1972 in Canada and spent most of her early life in Canada. 
She attended Queen's University in Kingston and obtained a degree in English literature. She then moved to Japan where she taught English as a second language before finally settling in California. In January 2000 she married Elon Musk and in 2002 they had there first child Nevada who died of sudden infant death syndrome at the age of 10 wks. Between 2004 and 2008 they had 5 children. On September 13 2008 Justine and Elon got divorced.

Her first book was published in 2005 named "Bloodangel" followed by "uninvited" in 2007 and "lord of bones" in 2008, her latest book "Smalltown Canadian girl" was published last year in 2016.

Ruins of Gedi

The ruins of Gedi (also known as Gede) are a historical and archaeological site near the Indian Ocean coast in Kenya. 

The site of Gedi includes a walled town and its outlying area. The earliest evidence for occupation at Gedi is a grave dating to between 1041 to 1278. Gedi was abandoned in the middle of the seventeenth century.

The Gedi ruins were first discovered by colonialists in 1884 after a British resident of Zanzibar, Sir John Kirk, visited the site. However, Gedi remained unknown to most of British East Africa's colonists until the 1920s.

Most of the Gedi Ruins were spatially documented in 2010. A 3D model can be viewed here.

Gedi was made a historic monument in 1927. The site was declared a protected monument in 1929. Gedi and the surrounding forest was declared a national park in 1948. The site is currently administered by the museum's Department of Coastal Archaeology of Kenya.

The final scene of the 1992 film "Nel continente nero" ("On the Black Continent") directed by Marco Rizi takes place and was filmed among the ruins of Gedi.

The ruins of Gedi are described and repeatedly mentioned in Andrei Gusev's 2020 novel “Our Wild Sex in Malindi”.

Remchingen

Remchingen is a town in Enzkreis district in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is southeast of Karlsruhe.

12,000 people live in Remchingen.


Bohn

Bohn is a German surname. Notable people with the surname include:


Angus MacAskill

Angus MacAskill (1825 - 8 August 1863) was the tallest non-pathological giant in recorded history. His height was .


Eliza Schneider

Eliza Jane Schneider is an American actress, voice actress, singer, playwright, dialect coach and dialectologist. She has appeared on television and as a voice actress in video games and animated productions. She also performs various musical and stage shows.

Mona Marshall

Mona Morticia Ianotti, simply and better known as Mona Marshall (born August 31, 1947) is an American voice actress, known for her work in a number of cartoons, anime, movies and video games. Her major credits include "South Park", where she voices many of the female characters on the show; "Fraggle Rock: The Animated Series", "CBS Storybreak" and "Digimon". She has also appeared on stage in television shows such as "Cheers" and "Who's the Boss?".

Puyo Puyo

Puyo Puyo is the puzzle tile-matching video game series created by Compile. Seven year later, Sega was owned the "Puyo Puyo" franchises, with games being developed by Sonic Team. "Puyo Puyo" series was created as an spin-off series from "Madō Monogatari" ("Sorcery Saga"), the series of first-person dungeon crawler role-playing games published by Compile, where the "Puyo Puyo" characters originated.

The first "Puyo Puyo" games was developed by Compile in 1991 for MSX2 and Family Computer Disk System, the latter release by Takuma Shoten as a pack-in for their "Famimaga" magazine. The game features the 1990 role-playing video game "Madō Monogatari 1-2-3", it also developed by Compile. Including "Endless" mode where the player attempts to amass huge score, "Mission" mode, where the player is given a pre-configured board to satisfy conditions, and two-player competitive mode.

Later, Compile and Sega was colaborated to created an arcade version of "Puyo Puyo". It was released in October 1992 for Sega's System C2 hardware. The game was ported to Sega Mega Drive, and becoming a best-selling video game.

The game followed by its sequel "Puyo Puyo 2" in September 1994, also released in Sega's System C2 hardware. "Puyo Puyo 2" adds the ability to counter the opponent's chain, additionally, it changes the single-player gauntlet from a linear structure to a roulette -based that requires player to pass sertain score thresholds to advance . Like the original game, "Puyo Puyo 2" has released on many platfoms. Except PlayStation 2, for the compilations of Sega Ages 3500 line.

The final game was developed by Compile, "Puyo Puyo DA!" a dancing game released in 1997 for PlayStation.




Plants vs. Zombies (video game)

Plants vs. Zombies is a tower defense video game developed and published by PopCap Games. It was created in 2009. "Plants vs. Zombies" was first released for Windows and Mac OS X, and it has been ported to consoles, handhelds, and mobile devices. In this game, the player is a homeowner who must defend against a zombie apocalypse. Zombies appear on multiple lanes that can reach the player's house. The player defends by placing plants that attack zombies. Plants can be bought with a currency called "sun". If a zombie makes it to the house on any lane, the player loses and must restart the level.

"Plants vs. Zombies" was designed by George Fan. He initially was going to make a game that would be a more defense-oriented game sequel to his fish simulator game "Insaniquarium". During development, he converted it into a tower defense game featuring plants fighting against zombies. The game takes inspiration from multiple games and movies. It took three and a half years to make "Plants vs. Zombies". Rich Werner was the main artist, Tod Semple programmed the game, and Laura Shigihara composed the game's music. In order to make the game interesting for casual and hardcore gamers, the tutorial was designed to be simple and spread throughout "Plants vs. Zombies".

"Plants vs. Zombies" was given positive reviews by critics. The game was also nominated for multiple awards, including "Download Game of the Year" and "Strategy Game of the Year" as part of Golden Joystick Awards 2010. Reviewers praised the game's humorous art style, simplistic but engaging gameplay, and soundtrack. When it was released in May 2009, it was the fastest-selling video game developed by PopCap Games and quickly became their best-selling game, much faster than "Bejeweled" and "Peggle". By 2010, "Plants vs. Zombies" had sold over a million copies worldwide.

In 2011, PopCap was bought by Electronic Arts (EA). Electronic Arts had fired George Fan and 49 other employees. Since then, it has marked the transition to mobile and social gaming. After EA bought PopCap Games, "Plants vs. Zombies" has grown into an entire franchise. This includes two direct sequels, three third-person shooters, and two spin-offs.

In "Plants vs. Zombies", the player takes on the role of a homeowner in a suburban neighborhood who must defend their house from zombies with the help of various plants. The game is divided into several levels, each taking place in a different location around the house. The player must plant various types of plants, each with their own unique abilities, to defend against waves of zombies that approach from the right side of the screen.

Live burial

Live burial or premature burial is interred in a grave while still alive. Some cases of premature burial occurred because the technology to accurately determine death didn't exist so people were routinely wrongfully pronounced dead when in a coma or similar vegetative state. To guard against this, some cultures buried the dead with bells that could be rung if the person in the coffin was still alive, so they could be rescued. Live burial has also been used as a form of murder or execution. A related practice is immurement.

Gung Ho (movie)

Gung Ho (released in Australia as Working Class Man) is a 1986 American comedy movie directed by Ron Howard and starring Michael Keaton, Gedde Watanabe, George Wendt, John Turturro, Mimi Rogers, Clint Howard, Rance Howard, So Yamamura, Rick Overton. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was spun off into a short lived TV series in 1987.


Subbasement

A subbasement, sub-basement or subcellar is a floor level below the main or uppermost basement level. Sub-basements are common in commercial buildings at high, dry altitudes but rare in houses.

Commercial building

A commercial building is an enclosed structure designed to be occupied by businesses. Building codes tend to be stricter for commercial buildings than residential ones, as on matters of accessibility and in the United States are usually limited to commercial only zoning districts. Examples of commercial buildings include

Tokyo Xtreme Racer

Tokyo Xtreme Racer known in Japan as and Tokyo Highway Challenge in Europe is an arcade racing video game series developed by Genki, and inspired by street racing in the Shuto Expressway in Tokyo.

Zoning in the United States

In law, particularly that in North America, zoning is the collective term for land use policies. Usually, zoning divides cities and counties into districts where only one property use is allowed, and only at a certain density (units per acre\hectare). In these cases, zoning districts include:







Zoning can also regulate things like the appearance of buildings, in a similar fashion as deed restrictions.

Covenant (law)

Deed restrictions, also called restrictive covenants, CCRs, or covenants, conditions and restrictions are rules imposed usually by a real estate developer to promote uniformity and cleanliness in a subdivision.


Subdivision

A subdivision, real estate development or tract is a large piece of land and divided into land lots. Subdivisions are usually residential and typically have deed restrictions and sometimes homeowners associations or their equivalent. When residential, subdivisions are often called housing developments, housing estates, etc. 

Homestead (buildings)

A homestead is a largely self sufficient farmhouse.

Dwelling

A dwelling or domicile is a building or unit ( such as an apartment or house which is designed for living in. This term is often used in the legal sphere to mean one's official home

Devil's Island

Devil's Island is a former penal colony and forced labor camp in French Guiana. It's notorious for the extremely cruel conditions inmates were made to endure there.

Zoning

Zoning is a method of urban planning. A local government divides land into areas called zones. Each of these has regulations for new development different from other zones. 

Zones may be defined for a single use (e.g. residential, industrial), or they may combine several uses. Regulations may govern the density, size and shape of buildings, whatever their use. 

Zoning laws that limit the construction of new housing may be a big factor in segregation in the United States by income and race.

Some countries, like the United Kingdom, have town planning, but not strict zoning

Robert Woolsey

Robert Rollie Woolsey (August 14, 1888-October 31, 1938) is an American actor and Comedian in a Double act with Bert Wheeler because his Woosley Scream and he is always wears round glasses in 1929 and 1937 just like Harold Lloyd.


He died of Kidney failure at the age of 50 in the End of October in 1938 in Malibu, California at Halloween.


John William Rogan

John William Rogan (16 February 1868 - 12 September 1905) was the second tallest man to ever live. His height was . He was shorter than Robert Wadlow. He developed ankylosis during his teenage years.

Tiky

Tiky is a soft drink that tastes like pineapple from Guatemala, owned by Fabrica de Bebidas Gaseosas Salvavidas, S.A, part of the Coca-Cola company.

Scinax rostratus

The Caracas snouted tree frog ("Scinax rostratus") is a frog that lives in Panama, Suriname, Colombia, Venezuela, and Brazil.

2015 FIFA corruption case

The 2015 FIFA corruption case was a court case that was about corruption in FIFA and its associations.


Charithra Chandran

Charithra Surya Chandran (born 17 January 1997) is a British actress. She is best known for her role as Edwina Sharma in season two of the Netflix series "Bridgerton" and her role in the science fiction series "Alex Rider".

Shelley Conn

Shelley Deborah Conn is a British actress. 

Polly Walker

Polly Alexandra Walker (born 19 May 1966) is a British actress. She has starred in the movies "Enchanted April" (1991), "Patriot Games" (1992), "Sliver" (1993), "Restoration" (1995), "The Gambler" (1997), and "Savage Messiah" (2002),"Rome" (2005–2007). She is also known for her roles in BBC One dramas "Prisoners’ Wives" (2012–2013), "Line of Duty" (2016, 2019) and Netflix Original period drama "Bridgerton" (2020-).

Taffy (TV series)

Taffy is a French animated comedy television series. It was produced in the program, Adobe Animate, by Cyber Group Studios and Turner Broadcasting System Europe. The show aired in Boomerang since December 17, 2018 and has since been renewed for a second season. The show focuses on a raccoon named Scraggs, who is mistaken for a cat named "Taffy" by Mrs. Muchmore, an old woman who also owns a pet dog. Bentley, her dog in question, thus will have to reveal to her "Taffy"'s secret.


The Last Man on Earth (1964 movie)

The Last Man On Earth is a 1964 post-apocalyptic movie. It is based on the 1954 novel I Am Legend. The Last Man on Earth is in the public domain. 

Unreal Engine

Unreal Engine is a game engine made by Epic Games, it was first showcased in the 1998 first-person shooter game "Unreal". It has since been used mainly in three-dimensional (3D) and is also used in the film and television industry. Unreal Engine is written in C++ and supports many desktop, mobile, console and virtual reality platforms.

Steam Deck

The Steam Deck is a mobile gaming computer made by Valve and released on February 25, 2022. The Steam Deck can be played as a handheld or connected to a monitor similar to the Nintendo Switch. It is an x86-64-v3 that lets user access the Steam library and other Microsoft Windows PC games there was always kind of this classic chicken and egg problem with the Steam Machine. 

USB-C

USB-C (USB Type-C) is a 24-pin USB connector. This type of USB connector is commonly found on Android devices and computers. The USB-C specifications were first published and finalized in August of 2014, roughly the same time as USB 3.1 specifications. It is both smaller and faster than USB-A. The USB-C 3.1 has the potential to have higher data transfer speeds. It can also deliver 100 watts of power over a single cable (this is done by upping the voltage to 20 volts).

Ernestine Eckstein

Ernestine Eckstein (April 23, 1941 – July 15, 1992) was a Black lesbian woman who fought for lesbian rights. Eckstein participated in LGBTQ rights protests that occurred before the famous Stonewall Riots of 1969.

Eckstein was often one of the few women at early LGBTQ rights protests. Usually she was the only Black women in attendance. 

Ernestine Eckstein was the vice president of the New York chapter of the Daughters of Bilitis organization. The Daughters of Bilitis were a nationwide group that fought for lesbian rights, and offered help to lesbians who needed it. Eckstein was on the cover of The Ladder in June 1966, fighting against racism in both the United States and the LGBTQ movement, representing a Black lesbian advocate. Eckstein believed that it was more important for her to fight for LGBTQ rights than Black rights because as a Black person she already had rights, but as a member of the LGBTQ community, she didn’t have the same freedom.

Cavalier Johnson

Cavalier Johnson (born November 5, 1986) is an American politician. He is the 45th and current mayor of Milwaukee, Wisconsin since 2021. He was Milwaukee Common Council president as well as Milwaukee's 2nd District alderman. 

In April 2022, Johnson won a special election, becoming the first African-American elected mayor of Milwaukee.

Zitkála-Šá (Gertrude Simmons Bonnin)

Zitkála-Šá (Lakota for Red Bird; February 22, 1876 – January 26, 1938), also known by her missionary and married names Gertrude Simmons Bonnin, was a political activist in the 20th century. Through out her life she wrote nine books that brought attention to the life of an Native American person in the 20th century, including American Indian Stories, Old Indian Legends, American Indian Stories and other writings, Dance in a Buffalo Skull, American Indian and Old Indian Legends, Impressions of an Indian childhood Dreams and Thunder, Iktomi And The Ducks And Other Sioux Stories and The School Days Of An Indian Girl, and An Indian Teacher Among Indians. She won the Indiana State Oratorical Contest in 1896 after she gave her speech "Side By Side." In 1916 she was elected as the secretary of the Society of American Indians. She worked there until 1919. In 1924 she helped to pass the Indian Citizenship Bill. In 1928 she joined the Merriam Report, which was a group of people working together to investigate and show the rights of American Indians at the time. In the middle of December 1928 she gave another speech speaking about the group's findings. She started the council of American Indians in 1926 and spent the rest of her working life working there. 

An American Citizen

An American Citizen is a 1914 American silent romantic comedy movie directed by J. Searle Dawley and was based on the 1897 Broadway play of the same name. It stars John Barrymore (in his movie debut), Peter Lang, Alexander Gaden, Wellington A. Playter, Hal Clarendon and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.


CryEngine

CryEngine is a game engine designed by the German game developer Crytek. It has been used in games made by Crytek and other third-party games. Ubisoft, the current owner of the Far Cry franchise, uses a modified version of CryEngine called the Dunia Engine.

ECMAScript

ECMAScript is a standard made for the JavaScript scripting language. It was created for JavaScript to run the same on all browsers, since different ones used different versions of JavaScript.

In November 1996, Netscape announced a meeting of Ecma International to standardize JavaScript. Microsoft critcised this decision, since they were leading in the JavaScript war with their Internet Explorer browser.

Emma Tenayuca

Emma Beatrice Tenayuca (December 21, 1916 - July 23, 1999) was a Civil Rights Activist and Mexican American Labor Organizer. 

Tenayuca was born into a large Mexican Comanche family. Her family suffered from the Great Depression. 

Tenayuca led strikes and protests. She wanted Mexican American workers to have better working conditions and better pay in 1930s Texas. Tenayuca worked with many moderate unions such as the League of United Latin American Citizens or the International Ladies Garment Workers. But she believed those groups ignored many workers who needed help. She started her own organiation. This organization was a communist Texas group called the Workers Alliance of America. The group helped unemployed people. Tenayuca said that "Mexicans need to unite, not divide on the basis of citizenship, class or educational status." 

In 1938, Tenayuca led a huge strike of pecan shellers, or workers who took the hard shells off of pecans. It was the largest strike in San Antonio, TX's history. About 12,000 people refused to do their work until they got better pay and improved work conditions. 

Malcolm II of Scotland

Malcolm II (5 October 954 - 25 November 1034) was King of Scotland from 1005 until 1034.

Kumyk people

Kumyks (Kumyk: къумукълар, qumuqlar, ) are a Turkic people living in north-eastern Dagestan. The territories traditionally populated by Kumyks, and where their historical states used to exist, are called Kumykia. The land inhabited by Kumyks once used to be a part of a Kumyk statehood Tarki Shamkhalate.

Their origins can be traced to Sunni-Kipchak Cossacks and the "Borchali" (or "Burjoglu"), originally the name of a seventeenth century Turkic tribe that settled in Caucasian Georgia with Turkic-Khazar roots. Montclair State University professor H. Mark Hubey traces the origins of the Kumyk people to the Bronze/Iron Age tribe "Kumukku" of the Ancient Near East. Kumyks are divided into six clans: Arpali (connected with the Árpád dynasty), Sarali, Targulu, Zhan-Ahmetli, Chagarli and Ulashli. The dialects of the Kumyks are: Kaitag, Terek, Buynaksk and Xasavyurt.

Kaitag (Mountain Kayı), which for ten centuries (10–19 cc.) was a lingua franca in the North Caucasus, is the Russified name of the Kayı tribe who played a prominent role in the history of the Caucasus. Kaitag principality was a leading component of the Shamkhalate of Kazi-Kumukh state on the Caspian western seaboard that, in different forms, lasted from the 8th to the 19th centuries.

Kaitag textiles, stamped out under Soviet rule, their artistry and artistry remain distinct.

Rhodesia's Unilateral Declaration of Independence

Rhodesia's Unilateral Declaration of Independence (UDI) was a statement adopted by the Cabinet of Rhodesia on 11 November 1965, announcing that Southern Rhodesia, a British territory in southern Africa that had governed itself since 1923, now regarded itself as an independent sovereign state. Despite the UDI, Rhodesia remained a British colony until it became Zimbabwe in 1980.

Scinax staufferi

The Middle American snouted tree frog, Stauffer's snouted tree frog, Stauffer's longnosed tree frog, or Stauffer's tree frog ("Scinax staufferi") is a frog that lives in Mexico south to Nicaragua, Costa Rica, and Panama.

This frog lives in grasslands and forests.

Nastaliq

Nastaliq is a modified version of the Perso-Arabic Alphabet.


Crysis

Crysis is a sci-fi first-person shooter video game series made by German developer Crytek. 

Right to health

There is the idea that everyone has the right to a minimum standard of health. Some people have called this right to health. They said it is an economic, social, and cultural right. There are several international agreements which have included this idea. Some of these agreemenrs are the Universal Declaration of Human Rights, International Covenant on Economic, Social and Cultural Rights, and the Convention on the Rights of Persons with Disabilities. There are still some discussions, as people do not fully agree on things like the exact definition of health. They also do not agree about what a minimum standard of health should be, and who should be responsible to ensure this right to health. 

The Human Rights Measurement Initiative measures the right to health for countries around the world, based on their level of income.

There are different definitions of what health is:





Far Cry New Dawn

Far Cry New Dawn is a 2019 first-person shooter game made by Ubisoft Montreal and published by Ubisoft. It is a spin-off and sequel to 2018’s "Far Cry 5".

Battlefield V

Battlefield V is a first-person shooter game made by DICE and published by Electronic Arts. It is the sixteenth game in the "Battlefield" series and the successor to 2016's "Battlefield 1", it was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on November 20, 2018. 

Right to life

The right to life is the belief that a being has the right to live and, in particular, should not be killed by another entity, including a government. This concept has led to some discussion:


The right to life may apply in any of these cases, and different groups have different opinions where it should apply. 

Goten

Goten,is a fictional character from the dragon ball franchise. His first appearance was the start of the Tenkaichi Budokai (World Martial Arts Tournament) saga where he attended the world Martial arts tournament with his friend trunks.
Goten is not mostly involved in fights or other parts of the series like Super Dragon Ball Heroes but he's in games and in merchandise.

Goten was born seven years after the Cell games. He was trained by his mother,ChiChi in the martial arts but also allowing him to transform into a super saiyan to the disappointment in which she forbids him not to transform into it again. He then trains with his older brother Gohan, who is shocked to find he can turn into a super saiyan half the age Gohan was. Gohan teaches him and his soon to be sister in-law Videl, and he quickly learns how to fly before Videl.

He then attends the world martial arts tournament where he meets his father Goku for the first time. At the tournament, Goten easily defeats his opponent and advances to the finals where he fights his best friend Trunks. Trunks overwhelmed Goten, which forces to transform into a super saiyan and brake out trunk's clutches. Trunks challenges Goten by fighting him using one arm but Goten overwhelmed him and also forcing him to go super saiyan. Goten loses to trunks after the latter tricks him knocking him out of the ring.

He and Trunks then disguise themselves as mighty mask, to participate in the adult division. After the defeat of Videl,two warriors,Spopovitch and Yamu,ambushed Gohan and most of the fighters ran after them. Hercule decide to have a battle royale with the remaining warriors, mighty mask(Goten and Trunks) defeats his opponent and Android 18 aslo defeats hers and they end up fighting her. They hold their own using their coordinated attacks but #18 overwhelmed them,forcing them to go super saiyan blowing their cover causing instant disqualification because teams are not allowed in the tournament.

Bishesh Huirem

Bishesh Huirem is an Indian actress and model. She belongs to the Meitei ethnicity of Manipur. She is best remembered for representing India at the "Miss International Queen for Transgender" organised in Pattaya, Thailand in 2016. She is the first Indian transgender person who represents her country in the "Miss International Beauty Queen" Contest. She is the first Indian transgender person to be appointed as a state icon for the parliamentary polls in the Lok Sabha elections. She is the first transgender person to win the "Best Actor Award" in the 14th Manipur State Film Awards, 2022. "Ang Tamo," "It's Not My Choice" and "Apaiba Leichil" are some of her notable films.


On 13 September 2016, Huirem was allegedly beaten up by the personal security guards and armed personnel of Rural Development Minister Moirangthem Okendra in Imphal, Manipur. The incident happened in a road rage at around 10 pm during night. Consequently, Bishesh protested and served an ultimatum to Okendra to apologize for the incident within seven days or face outcomes. However, the officials of the Minister rejected her claim over the incident. According to them, Bishesh was driving “dead drunk” and was even not able to reverse her car which was blocking the minister’s security escorts. Further, the minister's officials said that Bishesh was throwing tantrums claiming she had the right to drive and even attempted to forcibly open the minister’s vehicle's door. In response, Bishesh denied all the claims from the minister's officials as "baseless charges". She denied she was drunk. She clarified that she was not even consuming salt and oil in her diet for her hormone therapy in a preparation for a beauty contest. Shocked by the incident, she was hospitalized. The associations and organizations of various artistes banned all mobile theatres, films and music programmes in the Heirok Assembly Constituency (Okendra's vonstituency) until and unless he apologized.


Ikumi Fujii

Ikumi Fujii (born 2 November 1982) is a Japanese wheelchair basketball player. She is a member of the Japan women's national wheelchair basketball team, and her club Scratch. She plays as a forward. She competed at the 2020 Summer Paralympics.

Fujii used to play able-bodied basketball as she did in third grade at primary school. When she was 15 years old at middle school she sustained an osteosarcoma and underwent surgery for a prosthetic knee replacement of her right leg. After the surgery she couldn't play basketball anymore. Encouraged by her teacher she started playing wheelchair basketball. When she was 19 years old she had ulcerative colitis and her entire colon had to be removed. When she was 20 years old, she started playing and competing at seriously in Yokohama. She made her debut for the national team in 2005. As Fujii was diagnosed with breast cancer she underwent surgery in September 2017 for the removal of her right breast. She became a member of the "All Star Five Player" at the Emperor's Cup in 2017, 2018 and 2019. She won with the team the silver medal at the 2018 Asian Para Games. 

Fujii is married to wheelchair basketball player Shingo Fujii, who competed at the Paralympic Games in 2004, 2008, 2012 and 2016. He is also assistant coach of the women's national team and so he also coaches Ikumi Fujii. They have a son since 2014 named Sora.

Crysis 2

Crysis 2 is a sci-fi first-person shooter video game made by Crytek, published by Electronic Arts and released in North America, Australia and Europe in March 2011 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. Officially announced on June 1, 2009, the game is the second main game of the "Crysis" series, and a sequel to the 2007 video game "Crysis". 

IO Interactive

IO Interactive A/S (IOI) is a Danish video game developer based in Copenhagen, best known for making the "Hitman" franchise. IO Interactive's most recent game is "Hitman 3", which was released in January 2021.

Hitman (franchise)

Hitman is a stealth video game franchise made by the Danish developer IO Interactive, and was published by Eidos Interactive and Square Enix. IO Interactive completed a management buyout in June 2017 and gotten the legal rights to the series. The games are available for macOS, Linux, Microsoft Windows and many consoles, including the PlayStation 2, Xbox, GameCube, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360, PlayStation Vita, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, PlayStation 5, Xbox Series X, Nintendo Switch, and Stadia.

Stealth game

A stealth game is a type of video game in where the player uses "stealth" to avoid or defeat opponents. Games in the genre usually allow the player to remain undetected by hiding, sneaking, or using disguises.

Roberto Bendini

Roberto Bendini (28 July 1945 – 14 April 2022) was an Argentine lieutenant general. He was chief of the general staff of the Army from 28 May 2003 to 19 September 2008. Bendini was the general who took down the paintings of former de facto presidents Jorge Rafael Videla and Reynaldo Bignone in 2004 at the Casa Rosada. 

Bendini died of pancreatic cancer on 14 April 2022 at the age of 76 in Del Viso, Argentina.

Newton Cruz

Newton Araújo de Oliveira e Cruz (30 October 1924 — 15 April 2022) was a general in the Brazilian Army. He was known for his role during the military dictatorship in Brazil between 1964 and 1985.

In 1994, he ran for governor of Rio de Janeiro for the Social Democratic Party (PSD), finishing third, with 14% of the votes.

Cruz died in Rio de Janeiro on 15 April 2022, at the age of 97.

Bernhard Germeshausen

Bernhard Germeshausen (21 August 1951 – 15 April 2022) was an East German bobsledder. He competed from the mid-1970s to the early 1980s. He took part in two Winter Olympics, he won four medals with three golds (Two-man: 1976, Four-man: 1976, 1980) and one silver (Two-man: 1980).

Michael O'Kennedy

Michael O'Kennedy (21 February 1936 – 15 April 2022) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was born in Nenagh, Ireland. O'Kennedy was Minister for Labour from 1991 to 1992 and Minister for Foreign Affairs from 1977 to 1979.

He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Tipperary North constituency from 1969 to 1981, 1982 to 1992 and 1997 to 2002. He was a Senator from 1965 to 1969, and from 1993 to 1997.

O'Kennedy died on 15 April 2022 in Dublin, Ireland at the age of 86.

Rosario Ibarra

María del Rosario Ibarra de la Garza (24 February 1927 – 16 April 2022), also known by her marital name Rosario Ibarra de Piedra, was a Mexican activist and politician. She was a presidential candidate and was president of Comité Eureka at the time of her death. She was a member of the Senate from 2006 until 2012.

Gloria Sevilla

Gloria Sevilla (January 31, 1932 – April 16, 2022) was a Filipino actress. Her best known movie roles were in "Dyesebel" (1978), "Bida si Mister, Bida si Misis" (2002), and "El Presidente" (2012). She also had a role in the television drama "Be Careful With My Heart".

Sevilla died on April 16, 2022 at the age of 90 in Oakland, California.

Joachim Streich

Joachim Streich (13 April 1951 – 16 April 2022) was a German footballer. He won the bronze medal with East Germany at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich. He played for the national team from 1969 until 1984, making 98 appearances. 

Streich died on 16 April 2022 in Leipzig, Germany from myelodysplastic syndrome, three days after his 71st birthday.

Ray Tindle

Sir Raymond Stanley Tindle (8 October 1926 – 16 April 2022) was a British newspaper and radio businessman. He founded the Tindle Group of regional newspapers and radio stations.

He was appointed a CBE in the 1987 Birthday Honours and knighted in 1994 for services to the newspaper business.

In 2017, Tindle stepped down as Chairman of the company at the age of 90. He died on 16 April 2022 at the age of 95.

Jon Wefald

Jon Michael Wefald (November 24, 1937 – April 16, 2022) was an American educator. He was the twelfth president of Kansas State University from 1986 until 2009. Wefalf was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Wefald died on April 16, 2022 in St. Cloud, Minnesota from a heart attack, aged 84.

Mireya Baltra

Mireya Baltra Moreno (25 February 1932 – 17 April 2022) was a Chilean sociologist, journalist and politician. She was a member of the Communist Party of Chile. She was a councillor (1963–1969) and a deputy (1969–1973) for Santiago. She was Minister of Labour and Social Welfare in Salvador Allende's government.

Baltra died on 17 April 2022 in Santiago, Chile at aged 90.

Jens Bergensten

Jens Peder Bergensten (born 18 May 1979), also known as Jeb, is a Swedish video game programmer and designer. He is the lead designer of "Minecraft". In 2013, he and Markus Persson was named as one of "Time" 100 most influential people in the world. He was the co-developer in 2010. In 2011, he became the lead designer in 2011. He got full control in 2014 when Persson left the company.



Catherine Spaak

Catherine Spaak (3 April 1945 – 17 April 2022) was a Belgian-Italian model, actress and singer. She was born in Boulogne-Billancourt, France. Her career began in 1959 and she retired in 2014. 

Spaak's best known roles were in "Circle of Love" (1964), "The Man, the Woman and the Money" (1965), "The Incredible Army of Brancaleone" (1966), "Adultery Italian Style" (1966), "Hotel" (1967), "The Libertine" (1969), "Diary of a Telephone Operator" (1969), the drama "The Cat o' Nine Tails" (1971), "Story of a Cloistered Nun" (1973), "My Darling Slave" (1973), "Take a Hard Ride" (1975), "Sunday Lovers" (1980) and "Miele di donna" (1981).

Spaak had a cerebral hemorrhage in March 2020 and it caused health problems afterwards. She died on 17 April 2022 in Rome, Italy at the age of 77.

Andrzej Korzyński

Andrzej Waldemar Korzyński (2 March 1940 – 18 April 2022) was a Polish composer. He worked with movie directors Andrzej Wajda and Andrzej Żuławski. His best known works were "The Birch Wood", "Man of Marble", "The Devil" and "Possession". He was born in Warsaw, Poland.

Korzyński died on 18 April 2022 at the age of 82.


Vyacheslav Trubnikov

Vyacheslav Ivanovich Trubnikov (; April 25, 1944 – April 18, 2022) was a Russian journalist, political scientist, intelligence officer, and diplomat. He worked as the Director of Foreign Intelligence Service (Russia) and was a First Deputy of Foreign Minister of Russia. In 2004, he was nominated as the Ambassador of Russia to India by President Vladimir Putin. 

He was a Senior Network Member at the European Leadership Network (ELN).

Kamen Rider Zero-One

Kamen Rider Zero-One (also called Kamen Rider 01) is a Japanese tokusatsu drama "Kamen Rider" Franchise.

Super Hero Time joined "Kishiryu Sentai Ryusoulger" and later, "Mashin Sentai Kiramager".







Mere, Wiltshire

Mere is a small town and civil parish in Wiltshire, England. It is on the southwestern tip of Salisbury Plain, close to the borders of Somerset and Dorset.

Evan Mecham

Evan Mecham ( ; May 12, 1924 – February 21, 2008) was an American businessman and politician. He was the 17th governor of Arizona from January 5, 1987, until his impeachment conviction on April 4, 1988. He was very unpopular in Arizona because many of the things he said were seen as racist and was accused of hiring close friends and family to high state jobs.

Mecham was removed from office following conviction in his impeachment trial on charges of obstruction of justice and misuse of government funds—funds. In his later career, he unsuccessfully ran for governor again and for the United States Senate against John McCain.

Mecham died at a retirement home in Phoenix, Arizona on February 21, 2008 from problems caused by Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease at the age of 83. 

Marios

Marios is a given name. The pronunciation of the name is [ mahr-ee-oh, mar-; "Italian", "Spanish" mah-ryaw ]. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Air freshener

Air fresheners are consumer products that make an area smell different or better. 
Car fresheners are air fresheners for cars. They were invented in 1952 by Julius Samann after a milk driver complained about the smell of spilled milk. The first car freshener was Little Trees.

Air fresheners are used in bathrooms. Bathroom need air fresheners to help make the bathroom smell good at all times.

Summersville, Missouri

Summersville is a city in Shannon County, Missouri. Most of it is in Texas County, Missouri, though. In 2020, 453 people lived there. There has been a post office in Summersville since 1871.

Gellért Hill

Gellért Hill (; ; ) is a high hill overlooking the Danube in Budapest, Hungary. 

Church of Saint Ildefonso

The Igreja de Santo Ildefonso is an eighteenth-century church in Porto, Portugal. The church is located near Batalha Square. 

Batalha Square

Batalha Square () is a historic public square in the city of Porto, in Portugal.

Palácio da Bolsa

The Stock Exchange Palace () is a historic building in Porto, Portugal. It is in the centre of Porto. It is a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

Casa da Música

The Casa da Música is a concert hall in Porto, Portugal. It was designed by architect Rem Koolhaas and opened in 2005.

Karl Liebknecht

Karl Liebknecht was a Socialist leader (1871-1919). He was also one of the representatives of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. From about 1915, he worked with Rosa Luxemburg to define many of the political positions of the Spartacus League. In 1918 and 1919, he was one of the founders of the Communist Party of Germany. In 1919 there as a civil unrest in Berlin, which is known as the Spartacist uprising today. Shortly after the end of the uprising, members of the Prussian army shot Liebknecht and Rosa Luxemburg.This happened on the orders of Gustav Noske, who was in charge of resolving the many Communist uprisings that happened between 1918 and 1920.

Infield fly rule

The infield fly rule is a special rule in baseball that makes it so the batter is out even if the ball is not caught. The point of the rule is to stop the defensive team from getting an easy double play by dropping the ball on purpose. Because the rule is called only at a certain case, it doesn't happen all the time so it can be confusing to people who are new to baseball or don’t know the rule.

Suppose the batter hits the ball into the air over the field, which is a pop up or fly ball. Normally, a defensive player can try and catch it before it hits the ground. If the ball is caught, then the batter is out. Any runners that tried to run to the next base must go back and touch the base they were on before, known as “tagging up”. Once the runner has tagged up, he can try to run to the next base, but most of the time the offensive players play it safe and stay. If the runner does not tag up, the defensive team can have a player who is holding the ball tag the base. This will "double off" the runner and he will be called out. If the batted ball touches the ground first or is dropped, then the runner does not need to tag up and can try and run to the next base.

The umpire can call an infield fly when all this is true:
The words in the rule book for calling an infield fly are “ordinary effort”. Ordinary effort means that a player should normally be able to catch the ball without too much trouble. The umpire's job is to decide if the ball can be caught with ordinary effort.
The umpire will then call an infield fly by saying “infield fly, batter's out” or “infield fly if fair”. The batter is automatically out even if the ball is dropped, and the runners must tag up.

If there was no infield fly rule, then the runners would have a problem. If the ball is caught, then they have to go back and tag up. But if the ball is not caught, then it immediately turns into a force play and they have to run to the next base. The defensive team could drop the ball on purpose and easily tag out the runners, getting a double or even triple play. The infield fly rule gets rid of this problem by letting the runners stay at their bases without having to wait and see if the ball will be caught.

Kevin Meates

Kevin Francis Meates (20 February 1930 – 17 April 2022) was a New Zealand rugby union player. He played as a flanker. He was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, in 1952. Meates was born in Greymouth, New Zealand.

Meates died in Christchurch, New Zealand on 17 April 2022 at the age of 92.

Lidiya Alfeyeva

Lidiya Nikolayevna Alfeyeva (, ) (17 January 1946 – 18 April 2022) was a Soviet athlete. She mainly competed in the women's long jump event. She competed for the USSR in the 1976 Summer Olympics, where she won the bronze medal in the women's long jump event. Alfeyeva was born in Dnipropetrovsk, Soviet Union.

Alfeyeva died on 18 April 2022 at the age of 76.

Valerio Evangelisti

Valerio Evangelisti (20 June 1952 – 18 April 2022) was an Italian writer. His books were science fiction, fantasy, historical novels, and horror. He was known for his novels about Nicolas Eymerich and for his Nostradamus trilogy. Evangelisti was born in Bologna, Italy. His career began in 1993. He won a Urania Award in 1993.

Evangelisti died on 18 April 2022 in Bologna at the age of 69.

Rein Ratas

Rein Ratas (9 May 1938 – 18 April 2022) was an Estonian Centre Party politician. He was in the Riigikogu from 2007 until 2011 and again from 2015 until 2018. Ratas was the father of Prime Minister Jüri Ratas. He was born in Häädemeeste, Estonia.

Ratas died on 18 April 2022 in Tallinn, Estonia at the age of 83.

Doctor Fate (Kent Nelson)

Kent Nelson is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character first appeared in "More Fun Comics" #55 (May 1940). He is the first character to become Doctor Fate and is the best known version of the character. 

In the DC Universe, Kent Nelson and his father discovered a tomb that held the ancient being known as Nabu. When Kent's mind was forced by Nabu to release him, the gas that filled the tomb killed his father. Feeling bad, Nabu said he would take the young Kent Nelson as his apprentice. Nabu used his magical powers to age him to adulthood and helped him become Doctor Fate.

Many people would replace Nelson as Doctor Fate such as Hector Hall, Jared Stevens, and his grand-nephew, Kent V. Nelson.

Kent Nelson as Doctor Fate has appeared in the television series "Smallville", where he was played by Brent Stait. He will appear in the DC Extended Universe movie "Black Adam", where he will be played by Pierce Brosnan.

Devon Energy Center

The Devon Energy Center (also known as the Devon Tower) is a 50-story skyscraper in downtown Oklahoma City, Oklahoma. It is the tallest building in the city and state. It is tied with Park Tower in Chicago as the 62nd tallest building in the United States. 

Construction began October 6, 2009, and was completed in October 2012. 

J. D. Vance

James David Vance (born James Donald Bowman; August 2, 1984) is an American Republican politician, conservative commentator, businessman, and author. Vance is the United States Senator from Ohio since 2023. He is best known for his memoir "Hillbilly Elegy", which became popular during the 2016 election. 

In January 2017, Vance became a CNN contributor.

In July 2021, Vance announced his candidacy for the United States Senate in the 2022 election to replace retiring U.S. Senator Rob Portman. In April 2022, former President Donald Trump announced his support for Vance. He won the Republican nomination in May 2022. In November 2022, he was elected U.S. Senator after defeating U.S. Representative Tim Ryan in the general election.

Julius Sämann

Julius Sämann (April 15, 1911 – May 9, 1999) was a German businessman. He was born in Uffenheim, Germany. He was a Jew. He left Germany because of the Nazis. He studied the smell of Alpine Trees for five years in Canada. Sämann developed methods to get essential oils from ever-green trees and started an oil company. He sold the interest from the company in 1946. In 1952, a milk driver in Watertown, New York complained to him about the smell of spilled milk. Because of this, he invented Little Trees.

Blake Masters

Blake Gates Masters (born August 5, 1986) is an American venture capitalist, author, and politician. He is the president of the Thiel Foundation. Masters co-wrote "Zero to One: Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future" with Peter Thiel in 2014. He was the unsuccessful Republican candidate for the United States Senate in Arizona in the 2022 election. He is a supporter of former President Donald Trump.

Lincoln Bible

The Lincoln Bible is a Bible that was owned by William Thomas Carroll, a clerk of the U.S. Supreme Court. The bible was used by President Abraham Lincoln at his inauguration in 1861. It was also used by President Barack Obama at his inaugurations in 2009 and 2013. It was most recently used by President Donald Trump at his inauguration in 2017.

The bible was returned to Caroll after Lincoln's first inauguration. He later gave it to the Lincoln family sometime after Lincoln's assassination. The family donated the Bible to the Library of Congress in 1928. The Bible was on display at the Library of Congress from February to May 2009 in a celebration of Lincoln's 200th birthday.

The Bible is an Oxford University Press edition of the King James Bible. It was published in 1853, it has 1280 pages, and is about long by wide, and thick.
The Bible is not a rare edition, and a similar Bible without Lincoln Bible's historical importance, would be valued about $30 or $40.

George Washington Inaugural Bible

The George Washington Inaugural Bible is the Bible that was sworn upon by George Washington when he took office as the first President of the United States on April 30, 1789. 

The Bible is the King James Version from 1767. St. John's Lodge No. 1, Ancient York Masons, own the bible. 

Some people believe the Bible was randomly opened to Genesis 49 during the ceremony, although some experts believe Washington purposely chose it.

The Bible has since been used for the inaugurations of Warren G. Harding in 1921, Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1953, Jimmy Carter in 1977, and George H. W. Bush in 1989.

Nida Patcharaveerapong

Nida Patcharaveerapong (; 13 September 1984 — 24 February 2022), also known as Pattaratida Patcharaveerapong (), better known as Tangmo (), was a Thai actress. Her acting career began in 2003. She was known for appearing in many soap operas and drama shows in Thailand. She was born in Bangkok, Thailand. She appeared in "The Fallen Leaf", "Ghost of Mae Nak" and "".

On 24 February 2022, she fell from a speedboat in Chao Phraya River near Mueang Nonthaburi, Thailand. Her body was found two days later. She was 37 years old.

Juan Carlos Osorio

Juan Carlos Osorio Arbeláez (; born 8 June 1961) is a Colombian professional football manager and former footballer. He played as a midfielder. He managed the Mexico national football team from 2015 until 2018 and Paraguay from 2018 until 2019.

George Herbert

George Herbert was an English poet and Anglican priest.



The Woman Who Walked Alone

The Woman Who Walked Alone is a 1922 American silent drama movie directed by George Melford and stars Dorothy Dalton, Milton Sills, E. J. Ratcliffe, Wanda Hawley, Frederick Vroom, Mayme Kelso, Mabel Van Buren, John Davidson. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Huirem Seema

Huirem Seema ("full name:" Huirem Ningol Laimayum Ongbi Seema; 8 November 1970 - 17 September 2011) was an Indian actress from Imphal, Manipur. She had appeared in more than 100 movies in Meitei language (Manipuri language). Besides, she had also produced four movies. She was best remembered for her roles in movies like "Kanaga Hinghouni", "Chang Shi Chang", "Lakhipurgi Lakhipyari", "Naoshum", "Yumleima Lamleima" and "Thasi Thanou". Two of her movies "Yenning Amadi Likla" (feature) and "Ngaihak Lambida" (non-feature) made entries into the Indian Panorama of the International Film Festival of India.

Many of her movies including "Tolenkhomba (Lakhpati)", "Amamba Sayon", "Naoba Naobi" and "Langon" were released after her death.

Seema started her movie career at a young age of five years. Her father was a popular theatre artiste. She also acted in a few plays of the top leading theatre group, "Rupmahal Theatre" and teleplays for "Doordarshan" Television. It was before she shaped her career in movies. Her appearance in movies started since the times of celluloid era of Meitei cinema (Manipuri cinema). She acted in 15 celluloid movies and around 100 digital movies. Her first movie was "31st December". It was directed by L. Surjakanta. Her notable celluloid movies include "Nongju Ahing", "Aroiba Bidai" and "Kanaga Hinghouni". Her appearance in video format movies include "Mantri Dolansana" and "One Way". In digital movies, "Seema" generally played as supporting roles. But her acting talents and versatility could be seen clearly in digital movies where she took leading roles. "Yumleima Lamleima", "Sanahanbi" and "Thasi Thanou" were such examples of the movies. 

Besides acting, she had produced four films under the banner of Seema Productions (SF). The movies were "Asha", "Kalpana", "Thamoinungda" and "Yumleima Lamleima". She co-directed "Yumleima Lamleima" with Homen D' Wai. She was recognized as an approved artiste in the "All India Radio, Imphal".


Lovelace Watkins

Lovelace Watkins (March 6, 1938 – June 11, 1995) was a Las Vegas-based singer and performer. He was famous in America as well as in Europe and Australia.

In apartheid South Africa, Watkins did better than Sidney Poitier who had to stay on a farm out of town due to lack of accommodation for black people. Watkins was the guest of honor at a woman banquet. He was pictured in "The Sunday Express" dancing with a white woman, which wasn't good for the hotel where it was taken as it nearly lost it's license.


Looped (TV series)

Looped is a Canadian animated television series created by Todd Kauffman and Mark It first premiered in United Kingdom on March 5, 2010. It also premiered on January 1, 2010 in Latin America on Cartoon Network and in the Underdogs United Kingdom Force on CITV.

Royal Barge procession

Thailand's Royal Barge Procession (; RTGS: "krabuan phayuhayattra chonlamak") is a ceremony in Thailand. The ceremony is related to religion, and it is related to the monarchy. The ceremony has been known for about 700 years.

During 70 years as king, King Bhumibol Adulyadej, ruled over the procession 16 times.

These ceremonies now use 52 barges. The newest barge, the Royal Barge, the Narai Song Suban, was built in 1994; It is the only barge built during King Bhumibol's reign; 51 older barges are also part of the procession. These barges are manned by 2,082 oarsmen. The procession travels down the Chao Phraya River, from the Wasukri Royal Landing Place in Khet Dusit, Bangkok. It passes the Temple of the Emerald Buddha, the Grand Palace, Wat Po and it arrives in the end, at Wat Arun, 'Temple of the Dawn').

Barges (in the procession) that have less importance than the Royal barge:
The Tangmo ('watermelon') and the E. Leeung barges sail in front of the royal barges. They have the shape like the Police and Saeng barges, but are smaller and sit lower in the water. The oarsmen dress like the rowers on the Saengs.

Howard Devoto

Howard Devoto (born Howard Andrew Trafford, 15 March 1952) is an English singer and songwriter. He was the lead singer for the punk rock band Buzzcocks. He left and formed Magazine, one of the first post-punk bands. After Magazine, he went solo and later formed indie band Luxuria.

Ryan Campbell

Ryan John Campbell (born 7 February 1972) is an Australian former cricketer. He played as a wicket-keeper. He represented both Australia and Hong Kong internationally. He is the current head coach of the Dutch national team since 2017.

Campbell was born in Osborne Park, a suburb of Perth, Western Australia. He represented his home state from 1995–96 to 2005–06.

On 16 April 2022, Campbell was placed in an induced coma going into cardiac arrest.

Scinax granulatus

The ranita roncadora ("Scinax granulatus") is a frog that lives in Uruguay, Argentina, Paraguay, and Brazil.

Ospedale degli Incurabili

The Ospedale degli Incurabili is a hospital building in Venice. It was built in the sixteenth century. Now it is used by the Accademia di Belle Arti di Venezia. 

The hospital was built by Gaetano da Thiene. At first it was a hospital for sick people who can not be cured. Later, it became an orphanage. A church was built on the hospital's courtyard in 1565. The church was closed in 1831. It was later destroyed.

The Incurabili was known for its musicians. The girls of the Incurabili were taught music. Their performances are known internationally. Charles Burney, Goethe, Johann Joachim Quantz and Jean-Jacques Rousseau wrote about the concerts in the Incurabili. Johann Adolf Hasse was the "maestro di capella" of the Incurabili. He wrote church music for the Incurabili.

Matthias Church

The Church of the Assumption of the Buda Castle (), commonly known as the Matthias Church (), is a Roman Catholic church in the Holy Trinity Square, Budapest, Hungary.

The original church dates back to the 11th century during the time of King Stephen I, who is a Roman Catholic. 

In the early 13th century, Hungary had been invaded by the Mongols, the original church was destroyed in 1241. King Béla IV replaced the church with a Romanesque basilica.


Markian Popov

Markian Popov was a soviet Military Commander. He was given the Hero of the Soviet Union in 1960. He was born in 1902.

2014–15 FC Augsburg season

The 2014–15 FC Augsburg season was the 108th season in the football club's history and fourth consecutive season in the top flight of German football, the Bundesliga. It was the sixth season for FC Augsburg in the SGL arena.

Having finished fifth in Bundesliga, FC Augsburg also qualified for the UEFA Europa League for the first time in the club's history. They will enter at the group stage.

"As of 1 September 2014"

2015–16 FC Augsburg season

The 2015–16 FC Augsburg season was the club's fifth consecutive season in the Bundesliga and their 47th season overall.

As of 7 July 2015

Turcophone Iran

The term Turcophone Iran or Turks of Iran typically applies to Iranian Azerbaijan, Fars Province ( nomads) and northern . The Azerbaijanis, who inhabit the Âzerbâyjân provinces, form the vast majority of these Turkish-speaking Iranians: between 20 and 25% of the total population. Because of their large numbers in big cities, like Tabriz and especially in Tehran and its surrounding region, these languages are dominant in only 12% of the rural cantons (). Turkish-speaking areas are often very homogeneous (more than 90% of Turkish-speaking villages in the same dehestân) in Âzerbâyjân and in the . Because of the great dispersion of Turkish villages in the Zagros mountains, Fars region and northern Khorasan since the mid-nineteenth century, the Turkish-speaking population gradually mixed with and Persian-speakers, especially in Tehran and suburban cities such as Karaj, and . The Turkish-speaking population in Iran is the result of a long history that began in the eleventh century with the invasion of Iran by the and lasted to the long ruling Turkic-speaking tribes such as the Safavids (1501-1736) who founded modern Iran in the sixteenth century and the (1786-1923).
Among the Turkish-speaking population of Iran, Azerbaijanis are the least proficient in Persian. The Turkish composition of Tehran is estimated from about one-third to over half of the citie's population. This ratio, of around 6-7 million people, places Tehran in the first place among the densest Turkish habitation in Iran. Azerbaijanis alone comprised at least one-third of Iran's population in 1850. It is likely that this proportion has continued to increase as Iranian Azerbaijanis exhibit greater fertility in rural areas.
 
The Qashqai is one of the largest and most famous tribal confederacies in Iran, composed of settled, semi-settled, and pastoral nomadic communities. In the 1982 census, around 200,000 members of the Qashqai were recorded. According to other sources, the Qashqai consisted of 30,000 families in 1980, which corresponded to about 400,000 people. The international linguistic compendium of the "" estimated their number at 1.5 million in 1997. According to the 2015 census, the total number of the Qashqai ethnic group was given between 1.6 and 2.5 million.


Who Will Be Ningthou?

"Who Will Be Ningthou?" () is a fictional moral story of a Meitei King (), his Queen (), three princes and a princess of Kangleipak (Manipur). It is the story of the decision of the Ningthou and the Leima regarding the succession of the throne of the kingdom among his four children. The story is written by "Indira Mukherjee".

The Ningthou and the Leima of Kangleipak were good rulers. They just wished for the prosperity and the happiness of their kingdom. Similarly, the people of the kingdom also loved their royalties very much. Even the birds, animals and all living beings loved them very much. The Ningthou and the Leima had four children. Among the royal children, three were the princes and one was a princess. The princess was kind with a pure heart. Her name was "Sanatombi". She was loved by everyone. The Ningthou wanted to choose a successor for the kingdom. Everyone thought that the successor would be one of the princes. However, the Ningthou chose his daughter as the heir because she was ever so kind. The Ningthou decided to test all his three sons to select the right successor. He tested if they had the qualities of a good ruler. However, he was disappointed. It was because all his sons were not worthy enough to be the ruler. The Ningthou crowned his daughter, princess "Sanatombi", as the future successor of the kingdom. Sanatombi was only twelve years old during her crowning. She was chosen by her father because she was a very kind person with all the qualities of a true leader. She was merciful and could understand the conditions of the people of her kingdom. She equally cared about animals, birds, and even the trees. So, everyone were quite happy with their future queen of Kangleipak.

The story carries a message about what qualities make a good ruler and how everyone must be pitiful to everyone to make the world a good place to live together.


Cloud gaming

Cloud gaming, is a type of online gaming that runs video games on servers and streams them to the user using the cloud. Most cloud gaming services require a good internet connection and a controller to play but does not require expensive gaming computers.

Google Stadia

Stadia is a cloud gaming service made by Google. Users are able to stream video games at up to 4K resolution at 60 frames per second. 

Hermann Nitsch

Hermann Nitsch (29 August 1938 – 18 April 2022) was an Austrian avant-garde artist. He worked in experimental and multimedia art works. He was a main representative of the Viennese Actionism.

Nitsch died on 18 April 2022 in Mistelbach, Austria at the age of 83.

Pedro Pinto Rubianes

Pedro Alfredo Pinto Rubianes (31 January 1931 – 18 April 2022) was an Ecuadorian politician. He was Vice President of Ecuador from 27 January 2000 to 15 January 2003, during the presidency of Gustavo Noboa. He was a member of the National Congress from 1998 until 2000. Pinto Rubianes was Minister of Finance in the government of Osvaldo Hurtado from 1982 to 1984. He was born in Quito, Ecuador.

Pinto Rubianes died on 18 April 2022 at his home in Quito, aged 91.

Kamen Rider Saber

Kamen Rider Saber is a Japanese tokusatsu drama "Kamen Rider" Franchise.

Super Hero Time joined "Mashin Sentai Kiramager" and later, "Kikai Sentai Zenkaiger".








Sandra Pisani

Sandra Pisani OAM (23 January 1959 – 19 April 2022) was an Australian field hockey player. He played 85 international games for Australia and was the captain from 1985 to 1987. She competed in the 1984 Summer Olympics and was part of the team that won Australia's first Olympic gold medal at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Pisani died from cancer in Adelaide, South Australia on 19 April 2022 at the age of 63.

Brad Ashford

John Bradley Ashford (November 10, 1949 – April 19, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a member of the Nebraska Legislature from 1987 until 1995 and again from 2007 until 2015. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from Nebraska's 2nd congressional district from 2015 until 2017. 

Ashford was born in Omaha, Nebraska. He studied at Colgate University and at Creighton University. He was married to Ann Ferlic and had three children.

Ashford was a Democrat from 1982 until 1988 and again from 2013 until his death in 2022. He was also a Republican from 1971 until 1982 and again from 1989 until 2011. He was also an Independent from 2011 to 2013.

Ashford lost his re-election in 2016 to Republican Don Bacon. He ran again in 2018, but lost the Democratic nomination.

In May 2019, Ashford was hospitalized with pulmonary edema caused by blood clots. In February 2022, Ashford announced he had been diagnosed with brain cancer. He died on April 19, 2022 at the age of 72.


Kathryn Kimball Mizelle

Kathryn Kimball Mizelle (born 1987) is an American politician and lawyer. She is a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Middle District of Florida since 2020. At age 33, she was the youngest person chosen by President Donald Trump for a lifetime judge term.

Marc Bolan

Marc Bolan ( ; born Mark Feld; 30 September 1947 – 16 September 1977) was an English rock singer-songwriter and musician. He was the originator of glam rock. He was known for being part of the band T. Rex. Bolan was born in London. His career began in 1967

Bolan's March 1971 appearance on the BBC's music show "Top of the Pops", wearing glitter under his eyes while performing "Hot Love", is seen as the beginning of the glam rock movement. From 1973, he started mixing rock music with funk, soul, gospel, disco, and R&B.

Bolan never learned to drive because he was scared of dying young. He died in a car crash two weeks before his 30th birthday on 16 September 1977 near London.

Bolan was posthumously honored into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2020.

Area code 901

Area code 901 is an area code of Tennessee. It was created as one of the original area codes in 1947. It used to cover the entire state, but after being split by 615 in 1954 and 731 in 2001, it now covers the southern leftmost portion of the state. It covers Memphis and its surrounding suburbs.

Area code 902

Area code 902 is an area code for Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island. It was one of the original area codes created in 1947. It covers the entire province. It was overlaid by 782 in 2014.

Buda Castle

Buda Castle (, ) is the historical castle and palace in Budapest, it is a World Heritage Site.

Bazita Peak TV Tower

Bazita Peak TV Tower is a broadcasting tower in Zalaegerszeg, Hungary. The TV tower has a antenna on the top and an observation level up the structure. The Alps can be seen from the observation deck. It was built in 1975.


Option (finance)

An option in finance is a contract allowing a buyer the right to exercise, to receive the underlying asset at a specified time, and price. The seller, or counterparty, is responsible for delivering the asset, if the contract were to be exercised. The premiums are owed to the seller of the option, and the seller receives the full premium if the option expires worthless. Contracts are priced using the , which prices the standard deviation (implied volatility) of prices, time decay, and in some cases, dividends into the premium. Contracts that are like options have been used since ancient times.

Hungarian Parliament Building

The Hungarian Parliament Building ( ) is the seat of the National Assembly of Hungary, it is a popular landmark of Hungary and a tourist destination in Budapest.

Elisp

ELisp is the programming language developed exclusively for Emacs by Richard Stallman. Elisp was developed exclusively for use with Emacs and is a version of the language Lisp. Lisp is an acronym that stands for "LISt processing".

Ghostforce

Ghostforce (also referred to as Ghost Force because of its name originally meaning to have a space between Ghost and Force) is a French-Korean CGI animated series. It is a co-production between Zag Animation, Method Animation, Disney Channel EMEA, Toei Animation, SAMG Animation, and PGS Entertainment. It premiered around the world starting in August of 2021. The show is licensed by Disney in the United States where it aired the first season on Disney XD, then on Disney Channel a month later.

The series consists of one season with 56 episodes, comprising 52 11-minute episodes and 4 44-minute episodes, along with a live-action film.

Three secondary school students secretly fight the ghosts that haunt their city.


Kennda Lynch

Kennda Lian Lynch is an American astrobiologist, a person who studies life on other planets. She studies extremophiles. She works with with NASA. 

She identifies places on Earth that might be like places on other planets. She looks at life in those places on Earth and predicts what life would look like on other planets. Lynch also looks at fossils and other signs of past life. She hopes to help us identify what the same signs of life might look like on other planets. Much of Lynch's research has been in the Pilot Valley Basin in the Great Salt Desert of northwestern Utah, U.S. In ancient times that area had a lake. Mars has a similar ancient lake called Jezero Crater. Because of Lynch's research in the Pilot Valley Basin, NASA decided to land the Perseverance Rover mission at Jezero Crater. Jim Greene, Chief Scientist at NASA, called Lynch "a perfect expert to be involved in the Perseverance rover." She is also helping to select a landing site for NASA's first manned mission to Mars in 2035. Lynch has appeared in two television series. She also appeared in "The New York Times", "Nature", "Scientific American", and "Popular Science". Science magazine "Cell Press" called Lynch one of the most inspiring Black scientists in the United States.

Umma (2022 movie)

Umma (which means "Mum" in the Korean language) is a 2022 American supernatural horror movie. It is written and directed by Iris K. Shim and it stars Sandra Oh, Fivel Stewart, MeeWha Alana Lee, Tom Yi, Odeya Rush, and Dermot Mulroney. Sam Raimi serves as a producer on the film. The film follows Amanda (Oh), a single mother who lives with her daughter in a isolated farm being haunted by her mother's ghost.

"Umma" was released in the United States on March 18, 2022 by Sony Pictures Releasing. The movie had mixed-to-negative reviews from critics, who liked Oh's performance and the movie's themes, but criticized its as cliché, its screenplay, many jump scares and no tension.

Korean immigrant Amanda and her homeschooled daughter Chrissy “Chris” live on a rural farm, raising bees, selling honey, raising chickens, and living without modern technology as Amanda has an “allergic reaction” to electronics and electricity. She's upset to learn that Chrissy wants to leave the farm in order to pursue college, as Amanda had wanted her to remain on the farm. When Amanda receives the cremated ashes of her recently deceased estranged mother, who she called Umma, in a suitcase from her uncle visiting her from Korea, she is confronted with memories of her abusive childhood. 

Umma had been left to raise Amanda alone in the United States, unable to speak English and surrounded by those who did not understand or practice her culture. It is revealed that Amanda fabricated her “allergy” to electronics after being electrically shocked multiple times by Umma as punishment. When Amanda cut ties with her mother she also cut ties with her Korean heritage as a whole, including giving up her family name. As her uncle left, he shamed Amanda for abandoning her own mother and heritage, and for not teaching Chrissy Korean language and culture. 

Soon after the ashes arrive a vicious spirit appears, intent on claiming Amanda's body for itself. As the supernatural phenomena following the delivery of her mother’s ashes progress, from visions of tormented Korean spirits (including Umma’s spirit) to an encounter with a kumiho that was eating her chickens, Amanda suddenly becomes more paranoid and fearful that she’s slowly becoming her own mother. This fear becomes realized when Umma successfully possesses her daughter when Amanda tries to bury the ashes. 

Chrissy finds her mother performing the Jesa and wearing a mask and hanbok. She's attacked by Amanda, but manages to avoid being killed after pleading for her life. Amanda decides to confront her mother. She forgives her for the abuse. Amanda acknowledges that it was unfair that Umma had been expected to raise a child all alone in a country far from home and in her circumstances, but that it was not an excuse for the abuse. This compassion and understanding allows Umma to finally move on and be at peace, as she had also come to understand that what she did to Amanda was unfair. The film ends with Amanda rediscovering her family heritage and sharing it with her daughter, as well as coming to terms with Chrissy’s need to live her own life.


Valence and conduction bands

The valence band and conduction band are a concept in physics. They do not mean anything when working with metal. In other solids, they are the last places before the fermi level.

Under Secretary of State for Arms Control and International Security Affairs

The Under Secretary for Arms Control and International Security Affairs is a person who works in the United States government. They help the President make decisions about weapons, nuclear bombs, and how to keep people safe from these things.

Dasvi

Dasvi () is a 2022 Indian Hindi-language social comedy film written by Ritesh Shah and directed by Tushar Jalota. The film is produced by Dinesh Vijan under his banner Maddock Films in collaboration with Jio Studios and Bake My Cake Films. The film stars Abhishek Bachchan, Yami Gautam and Nimrat Kaur.
Bachchan plays the role of an uneducated politician, with Gautam as an IPS officer. The film premiered on Netflix and JioCinema on April 7, 2022. The script and dialogue of the film is doctored by famous poet Dr Kumar Vishwas. The movie received mixed reviews from critics and positive response from the audiences.

Ganga Ram Chaudhary, the charismatic and arrogant Chief Minister of the fictional state of Harit Pradesh, is implicated in a scam and remanded to judicial custody. He appoints his wife Bimla Devi "Bimmo" Chaudhary interim CM until he can post bail. Initially meek and subservient, Bimmo quickly learns the ropes and establishes herself as a powerful politician, undergoing an image makeover in the process. Meanwhile, Chaudhary's popularity and street-smarts gain him a following in jail and he receives preferential treatment. When Jyoti Deswal, a new superintendent, arrives at the jail, Chaudhary's life takes a turn for the worse. Incorruptible and no-nonsense, Jyoti revokes Chaudhary's privileges and treats him like any other prisoner. Chaudhary's attempts to bribe a judge fail, and his immediate bail request is denied.

Following a confrontation, Jyoti embarrasses Chaudhary by evoking his lack of education - he dropped out in 8th grade - and puts him to work in the prison workshop making chairs as he is unqualified for any other work. Spurred by this and by the fact that prisoners attempting to gain a 10th-grade diploma are exempt from work, Chaudhary resolves to study and clear the 10th-grade exams to gain his high-school diploma. Jyoti believes this is a scam, but her hands are tied as Indian Law grants Chaudhary the right to complete his education. Chaudhary struggles to stay engaged in his studies, frequently falling asleep, until he is inspired by a history textbook detailing India's struggle for independence; he begins to take his studies much more seriously. He declares that if he cannot clear his exams, he will never accept the post of Chief Minister again.

Meanwhile, Bimmo grows ambitious and plots to make her interim post permanent, suggesting to Chaudhary that he feign mental illness to gain asylum in a lavish hospital. Jyoti foils this by exposing Chaudhary's lies, saving his career in the process (as people proved to be mentally unfit are disqualified from contesting elections). When Chaudhary suffers a minor heart attack, Jyoti saves him by performing CPR, drawing Bimmo's ire. Chaudhary progresses in his studies with help from inmates he has befriended, but struggles in Hindi as he is practically illiterate and cannot visualize the alphabet. Bimmo exacerbates this problem by arranging the release of the prisoner who is helping him with Hindi. Jyoti, beginning to see the change in character that the focus on education has brought on in Chaudhary, agrees to help him. As they make progress, they develop mutual respect.

Chaudhary's bail application is processed and he is cleared for release, but Jyoti hides this from him so he can focus on his studies. Chaudhary appears for his exams but is uncertain of how he has performed. When he is released, he finds out about Jyoti's deceit. Irate, he threatens her and warns her that he'll never change; Jyoti is disappointed by his intransigence. When Chaudhary returns to the political arena, he discovers that Bimmo has usurped the CM chair and he has no support in his own party. He aligns with a rival party and contests the upcoming election making education his primary agenda. The election results and exam results are due on the same day. While votes are being counted, Chaudhary rushes back to jail to discover that he has passed the exams. As a token of gratitude, he gifts Jyoti a chair that he'd made in the workshop as her Gurudakshina (traditionally a gift given by a student to a teacher). His new party wins the election and Chaudhary reconciles with Bimmo. He refuses the Chief Minister post and chooses to become the Minister of Education instead. During his oath ceremony, he makes it a point to convey his gratitude to Jyoti and the other inmates who helped him clear the exams.


Villers-sous-Montrond

Villers-sous-Montrond was a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France. On 1 January 2022, it became part of a new commune, Les Monts-Ronds.

Ann Veneman

Ann Margaret Veneman (born June 29, 1949) is an American politician and lawyer. She was the executive director of UNICEF from 2005 to 2010. Veneman was the United States Secretary of Agriculture from January 20, 2001 to January 20, 2005 during the George W. Bush administration. She also was California's Secretary of Food and Agriculture from 1995 to 1999.

Our Lady of Vendôme

Our Lady of Vendôme () is a title of the Blessed Virgin Mary in the city of Porto, Portugal, where she is the patron saint.

Dan Glickman

Daniel Robert Glickman (born November 24, 1944) is an American politician, lawyer, lobbyist, and nonprofit leader. He was the United States Secretary of Agriculture from 1995 until 2001. He represented as a Democrat in the United States House of Representatives from 1977 until 1995.

He was Chairman and CEO of the Motion Picture Association of America (MPAA) from 2004 to 2010.

Frank Lucas (Oklahoma politician)

Frank Dean Lucas (born January 6, 1960) is an American politician. He is the U.S. representative for since 2003. He represented the 6th district before from 1994 to 2003. He is a member of the Republican Party.

In April 2014, Lucas introduced the Customer Protection and End User Relief Act (H.R. 4413; 113th Congress) into the House.


Marian apparition

A Marian apparition is a supernatural event where somebody says they have seen Mary, the mother of Jesus. If a person claims they have heard Mary or have dreamt of Mary, this is not enough; the person needs to claim that they have seen Mary in their environment. 

Glenn English

Glenn Lee English Jr. (born November 30, 1940) is an American Democratic politician. He represented Oklahoma's 6th congressional district from 1975 until 1994.

Charlie Dent

Charles Wieder Dent (born May 24, 1960) is an American politician. He was a Republican member of the United States House of Representatives for from 2005 to 2018. From 1991 to 2004, he was in the Pennsylvania General Assembly. 

Dent was on the House Committee on Appropriations. He had chaired the House Ethics Committee before.

In September 2017, Dent announced that he would retire from Congress and not run for re-election to another term in 2018. In April 2018, Dent announced that he would retire in May 2018, not finishing out the rest of his term. He resigned on May 12, 2018, leaving the seat empty until Susan Wild won the special election to replace him.

In August 2020, Dent announced his support for Joe Biden, the Democratic nominee for the 2020 presidential election.

Mariology

Mariology is the theological study of Mary, the mother of Jesus. The goal is to relate doctrine or dogma about Mary to other doctrines of the faith, such as redemption, intercession and grace.

Mosharraf Hossain (cricketer)

Khondaker Mosharraf Hossain (20 November 1981 – 19 April 2022), nicknamed Rubel, was a Bangladeshi cricketer. He was a left-handed batsman and slow left arm orthodox bowler. He had played five One Day International (ODI) matches for Bangladesh. Hossain was born in Kishoreganj, Dhaka, Bangladesh.

In March 2019, Mosharraf was diagnosed with brain cancer. On 15 March 2022, he was hospitalized in Dhaka. A month later on 19 April, he died from the cancer, aged 40.

Organ failure

Organ failure is a condition of the human body in which an important internal organ is unable to perform its necessities as it would if it were still functioning. For example, kidney failure is when the kidneys are unable to filter the body's urine.

Organ failure is often the result of multiple organ dysfunction syndrome (MODS), where the organ begins to fall ill.

Failure of a vital organ is not defined to a single cause. Rather, it can be the result of many diseases, such as the aforementioned multiple
organ dysfunction system, but it can also be the result of sepsis, an extreme response to an infection which causes inflammatory chemicals to be released into the bloodstream.

The Case of Becky

The Case of Becky is a 1921 American silent drama movie directed by Chester Franklin and was based on the 1912 play of the same name by David Belasco and Edward J. Locke. It stars Constance Binney, Glenn Hunter, Montagu Love, Margaret Seddon, Jane Jennings and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Antoine Forqueray

Antoine Forqueray (September 1672 – 28 June 1745) was a French composer and viola da gamba player.

Forqueray was born in Paris. At the age of ten, he played a "bass de violon" for King Louis XIV. King Louis was impressed by Forqueray's skills. He asked somebody to teach Forqueray the bass viol. 

Forqueray worked for the French court. He played for the king and visitors to the French court. In 1689 he became "musicien ordinaire" of the "chambre du roi". He was the music teacher of the Duke of Orléans.

He married Henriette-Angélique Houssu in 1697. Their marriage was not happy. His wife left Forqueray five times. They separated in 1710.

Forqueray was mainly a composer for the viol. He wrote over 300 pieces of music. However, only a few survive today. His music was virtuosic and contain unusual harmonies.

His son, Jean-Baptiste Forqueray made arrangements of his works. 


Juan de Fuca

Ioannis Phokas, better known by his Spanish name Juan de Fuca, was a Greek maritime pilot for the Spanish Empire. 

According to de Fuca himself, he went on two voyages after being told to do so by the leader of New Spain, Luis de Velasco. Both voyages were meant to find the supposed Strait of Anián, which was believed to be a Northwest Passage. The first voyage saw 200 soldiers and three small ships under the overall command of a Spanish captain (with de Fuca as pilot and captain) told the crew to find the Strait of Anián and to fortify and protect it in case the English wanted to take it. 

The first expedition failed. Allegedly due to the captain's wrongdoing, the soldiers rose up against him and returned home to California.

In 1592, on his second voyage, de Fuca was far more successful than his previous voyage. He returned to Acapulco and claimed to have found the strait, with a large island at its opening. However, despite the promises of Velasco, de Fuca never got any of the rewards that he was supposed to get for his service.

When the English captain Charles William Barkley discovered the strait de Fuca had written about, he renamed it the "Strait of Juan de Fuca".

His discoveries in the Western Hemisphere led to the Juan de Fuca tectonic plate being named after him.

Juan de Fuca Provincial Park on Vancouver Island's West Coast is named for the strait, as is the hiking trail of the same name.

Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church

The Ethiopian Orthodox Tewahedo Church (,), or simply Ethiopian Orthodox Church is the largest Oriental Orthodox Church.

It was part of the Coptic Orthodox Church of Alexandria from 4th century until 1959.

The Church accepts the doctrine of Miaphysitism, which believes in the one person of Jesus Christ, divinity and humanity are united in one. 

The Church has 500 bishops in the patriarchates of Alexandria, Antioch and Jerusalem.


Albert Pierrepoint

Albert Pierrepoint (30 March 1905 - 10 July 1992) was a British executioner, responsible for the executions of over 400 people. He was known as a famous hangman, in addition, he owned a bar. One of his executions involved an acquaintance who visited his bar often; James Corbitt (20 October 1913 - 28 November 1950) nicknamed Tish by Pierrepoint.

Pierrepoint said this about Corbitt's final moments. At twenty seconds to nine the next morning, he went into the death cell. He seemed under a great strain, but he did not see stark fear in his eyes, only a more childlike worry. He was anxious to be remembered and to be accepted. "Hello, Tish," he said, not confidently. "How are you?" he was not effusive, just gave the casual warmth of his nightly greeting from behind the bar.

Albert was born in 1905 in Clayton, which was a civil parish of Bradford, his father Henry Pierrepoint was removed from the list of Executioners in 1910 after an argument with his assistant John Ellis, Thomas was reported to have said about John Ellis that "it was impossible to work with him".



Henry Pierrepoint

Henry Pierrepoint (30 November 1877 - 14 December 1922) was a British executioner, from 1901 until 1910 when he was struck off the list for arguing with his assistant, his brother Thomas Pierrepoint and Henry's son Albert Pierrepoint would later become Executioners.

Noisestorm

Eoin O'Broin (born 1 October 1995) is an Irish DJ known for creating the song Crab Rave.

Scinax fuscovarius

Miranda's snouted tree frog, fuscous-blotched tree frog, snouted tree frog, or San Luis snouted tree frog ("Scinax fuscovarius") is a frog that lives in Argentina, Brazil, and Paraguay. Scientists have seen it between and 150 and 1800 meters above sea level.

Voujeaucourt

Voujeaucourt () is a commune in the Doubs department in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region in eastern France.

Michael Chobanian

Michael Chobanian (Ukrainian: Михайло Чобанян, born 23 November 1983) is a Ukrainian businessman and public figure in IT, finance, cryptocurrency, and blockchain. Founder of the first cryptocurrency exchange in Ukraine, KUNA.io and ideologist of the cryptocurrency community of Ukraine. President of the Blockchain of Ukraine Association. 

Michael studied in City, University of London. In 2010-2012 he received a Master's degree in Business Administration (EMBA) from the London Business School, the Chinese University of Hong Kong and Columbia University.
In 2014, he founded the first bitcoin agency in Eastern Europe and Ukraine – Kuna Bitcoin Agency.

In 2015, he founded the first public Ukrainian cryptocurrency exchange KUNA.io.

In September 2014, he opened the first Bitcoin Embassy in the CIS.

In 2018, at the World Economic Forum in Davos, he presented the concept of Blockchain HUB being developed in Kyiv.
Since the start of Russia's full-scale war against Ukraine, Mikhail Chobanyan has launched a Crypto Fund for Ukraine to help the Armed Forces which has raised over $100 million of donations. At the request of the Ministry of Digital Transformation, Chobanyan helped the Government of Ukraine to create and manage state cryptocurrency wallets for donations in Kuna Exchange.

In March 2022, Michael Chobanyan spoke at a hearing of the US Senate Committee on how cryptocurrencies help Ukraine during the war with Russia and why Russian oligarchs will not be able to circumvent sanctions with their help. 

Sugar Daddy (candy)

Sugar Daddy is a candy bar on a stick made by Tootsie Roll Industries. It is a block of somewhat hard caramel. A jelly bean version named Sugar Babies is also sold.

Nabisco (now Mondelēz International) bought the James O. Welch Company in 1963. The Welch brands were bought in 1988 by Warner-Lambert, which Tootsie Roll Industries bought in 1993.

There are Junior Pop (53 kcal) and Large Pop (200 kcal) sizes. Half-pound (964 kcal) and one-pound (1928 kcal) sizes are also available every Valentine's Day and Christmas.

Chinese University of Hong Kong

The Chinese University of Hong Kong (CUHK) is a state owned university in Shatin, Hong Kong, established in 1963.

It is one of the oldest universities in Hong Kong, the second oldest after the University of Hong Kong. The motto of the university is "博文約禮", which in Chinese means "to expand the intellectual horizon and keep within the bounds of decency." Teaching at the university is carried out in Chinese and English. According to the QS ranking of the best universities in the world, in 2016 the University ranks 44th in the world and 3rd in Hong Kong.

London Business School

London Business School also known as LBS is a higher education institution in London.

It is a business school of the University of London, established in 1964. Starting from the 2010 graduation, it issues its own diploma, until this period a diploma from the University of London was issued. The school offers a full program of study in the MBA (Master of Business Administration) program, as well as doctoral and many other programs for further education and education, including: the world's first Masters in Finance program (since 1993, and in 2011 the MiF program was recognized Financial Times No. 1 in the world), Masters in Management, Executive MBA, Sloan, etc.

The school is in first place in the list of world business schools, published in the global list of the Financial Times (Financial Times Global MBA Rankings 2010).

Mátyás Rákosi

Mátyás Rákosi (; born Mátyás Rosenfeld; 9 March 1892 – 5 February 1971) was a Hungarian communist politician who was the "de facto" leader of Hungary from 1947 to 1956. 

During his rule in Hungary, there was a political transition from the regime of people's democracy to a socialist state, as well as the accelerated Sovietization of Hungary, accompanied by political repression. Three years after Stalin's death, some time after the 20th Congress of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, which adopted the historic resolution "On the cult of personality and its consequences", he was dismissed. 

Waxhaw lands

The Waxhaw lands are a region on both sides of the border between what now is North Carolina and South Carolina, United States. It encompasses the areas currently known as Lancaster, Union and Mecklenburg counties. The name comes from that of the Indigenous people who first inhabited the landbase, the Waxhaw people.

The region was named for its first inhabitants, the Waxhaw people. The Waxhaw tribe had been almost annihilated by Eurasian infectious diseases following their first European contacts. Those who remained were killed or dispersed during the Yamasee War of 1715.

Around the year 1740, Irish, Scots-Irish, and German immigrants began to move into The Waxhaws region and to establish farms. What is now the Old Waxhaw Presbyterian Church was built in 1752.

During the American Revolution, under the command of militia Colonel William Davie the settlers in The Waxhaws fiercely resisted the British. In 1781, the British forces of General Cornwallis briefly occupied the town of Charlotte, already the largest town in the region, but his garrison was soon driven out by the local militia. Cornwallis later wrote that Charlotte was "a hornet's nest of rebellion", and Charlotte still is nicknamed, ""The Hornet's Nest"".

The seventh president of the United States, Andrew Jackson, was born and raised in The Waxhaws region. At the time of his birth, a border between the Carolinas did not exist. The exact site of his birth is uncertain. Later in life, perhaps for political reasons, Jackson claimed he was born on the South Carolina side of the new border, however, a midwife reportedly birthed Jackson in a cabin north of the border. 


Ada, Serbia

Ada (; ) is a town and municipality located in the North Banat District of the autonomous province of Vojvodina, Serbia. It is near the river Tisa. The town has a population of 9,564 and 75.04% of the people there are ethnic Hungarians.

Xai-Xai

Xai-Xai () is a city in the south of Mozambique. The city was named João Belo until 1975. It is the capital of Gaza Province. In 2007 it has a population of 116,343.

2016–17 FC Augsburg season

The 2016–17 FC Augsburg season was the 110th season in the club's history and 6th consecutive and overall season in the Bundesliga. This was the 8th season in which Augsburg played at the WWK Arena, located in Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany. The season covers a period from 1 July 2016 to 30 June 2017.

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Goalkeepers

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Defenders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Midfielders

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Forwards

! colspan=14 style=background:#dcdcdc; text-align:center| Players transferred out during the season

Pairs trade

A pairs trade is a type of stock market trade. It is a spread trade where one asset is shorted and another asset is bought. If the spread between the two assets changes, the trade is profitable or at a loss. This depends on the direction of the change.

Vilnius University

Vilnius University () is a public research university in Lithuania. It is the oldest university in the Baltic states. It is one of the oldest and most famous universities in Northern Europe. It is ranked in the top 400 universities worldwide (QS).








Heroes' Square (Budapest)

Hősök tere (), lit. Heroes' Square, is one of the major squares in Budapest, Hungary, it is popular for its statues of the Seven chieftains of the Magyars and other important Hungarian leaders. The square is also popular for the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier. 

Cheetham Hill

Cheetham Hill is a part of Manchester. In 2011, it had a population of 22,562.

Districts of Prague

Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic has a local-government structure. Prague is divided into 10 municipal districts (1-10), 22 administrative districts (1-22), 57 municipal parts, or 112 cadastral areas.

Prague 1

Prague 1 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague. 


Prague 2

Prague 2 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.


Prague 3

Prague 3 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Bird women

Bird women are the legendary hybrid creatures with parts of human females and birds. They appear in various stories of many mythological as well as folk tales across different cultures of the world. 
Some of the prominent examples include:

Prague 4

Prague 4 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Prague 5

Prague 5 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Lisa: The Painful

Lisa: The Painful is a post-apocalyptic role-playing game made using the RPG Maker tool. It was developed and published by Austin Jorgenson under Dingaling Productions. It was released on Steam on December 15, 2014, for Windows, MacOS, and Linux. It is the second game in the Lisa trilogy.

In Lisa the Painful, the player controls Brad Armstrong, a balding, middle-aged man looking for his daughter in the wasteland of Olathe. Along the way, he is forced to make decisions that permanently influence the story. The game's plot is loosely based on the P.D. James novel, The Children of Men.

The game received critical acclaim for its darkly comedic writing and distinctive soundtrack.

"Lisa: The Painful" is set in the wasteland of Olathe. The player controls Brad Armstrong as he searches for his adopted daughter, Buddy, in the wasteland of Olathe. An unexplained event called "The Flash" made all the women in Olathe disappear, but Buddy survived. This leads to a gang called the Rando Army to kidnap Buddy, to preserve humanity. On his journey, Brad recruits party members, fighting perverts and warlords. Brad is tormented by the mysterious Buzzo, who punishes Brad for an event he refuses to specify. Brad suffers flashbacks to the rape and abuse of his sister, Lisa, at the hands of his father, Marty. To cope with his stress, Brad takes the highly dangerous and addictive drug "joy", which can cause its users to transform into grotesque mutants. On August 15, 2015, a sequel called "Lisa: The Joyful" featuring Buddy as the protagonist was released.

Prague 6

Prague 6 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Prague 7

Prague 7 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Prague 8

Prague 8 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Prague 9

Prague 9 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Prague 10

Prague 10 () is a second-tier municipality in Prague.

Prague 11

Prague 11 () is a municipal district in Prague, Czech Republic. It is located in the south eastern part, 8 km from the City Center.

Amy Uyematsu

Amy Uyematsu (October 18, 1947 – June 23, 2023) was a Japanese American poet who has written six highly acclaimed poetry collections. 

Prominent writer Naomi Hirahara called Uyematsu, "One of LA's finest poets." Her writing mainly focused on the discrimination she experienced as both an Asian-American and a woman. Much of her early work explored the origins of the yellow power movement, which was a campaign inspired by the Black Power movement that worked towards equal rights for Asian Americans. Uyematsu won the Nicholas Roerich Poetry Prize for her first book, 30 Miles from J-Town, in 1992. She attended UCLA during the late 1960s and early 1970s, where she began writing poetry in response to anti-Asian racism in the U.S. that was largely caused by the ongoing Vietnam War. Uyematsu’s activism spurred her to help start up UCLA’s Asian American Studies Program immediately after her graduation. Her writing appeared in many anthologies and journals published internationally. Her essay from 1969, “The Emergence of Yellow Power in America,” has had a lasting impact on Asian-American studies across the country, through her criticism of social inequities: “Although the race situation in America is not strictly analogous to white colonialism and imperialism, the blacks and yellows have suffered similar consequences as Third World people at the hands of the American capitalist power.” Uyematsu was also an experienced educator and taught high school mathematics for over thirty years in Los Angeles.


Josefov

Josefov (also Jewish Quarter; ) is a town quarter and the smallest cadastral area of Prague, Czech Republic, it was the Jewish ghetto of the town. Jewish people were forced to wear the yellow Magen David (Star of David) during the German occupation of Czechoslovakia.

Anne Burlak

Anne Burlak Timpson (or “Red Flame”; May  24th, 1911–July 9th, 2002) was a well-known union organizer. 

In 1928, Timpson was a representative in the founding (starting) convention (meeting) for the National Textile Workers Union. During the 1930’s, she worked with the union in textile mills and held protests there almost every day. During this time, she was arrested moments before she was supposed to give a speech at an Atlanta hall. She spent seven weeks in jail before facing the death penalty for violating Georgia's insurrection law. However, she was eventually released and the charges were dropped. She then became one of the leaders in the Lawrence textile strike where she organized protests against layoffs, pay cuts, and shortened hours. She earned the title the “Red Flame” at this time. In 1932, she led a group of 3,000 people from Rhode Island in the national Hunger March to Washington D.C. Shortly after, she became an official organizer for the National Textile Workers Union. She was granted the Wonder Woman Award by the Wonder Woman Foundation in 1982 and was later recognized by the Rhode Island Labor Society in 1990. 

LaNada War Jack

LaNada War Jack (or LaNada Boyer and LaNada Means; born 1947) is a Native American activist and author who participated in the Occupation of Alcatraz from November 20, 1969 – June 11, 1971. She is a member of the Shoshone Bannock Tribes.

War Jack majored in Native American Law and Politics at UC Berkeley and participated in the Third Worlds Strike as a student. At Berkeley, she began the first Native American Studies program in the country with other students. War Jack was also part of the negotiation team that assisted with creating The Department of Ethnic Studies in 1969. Later that same year, she participated in the organization of the nineteen-month Occupation of Alcatraz: a peaceful protest where almost 100 Native Americans (plus other supporters) inhabited Alcatraz Island. Deynon Means, War Jack’s son, and Claudene Boyer, her sister, came too. Students from other universities and colleges in California also participated. 

War Jack worked as a professor. She taught Native American History at many colleges. She was a distinguished professor at Boise State University, War Jack taught Native American Law and Politics. In 2014, she published the book "" about the treatment Native Americans have received throughout the years and the story of herself as an activist. For three years, she also served as the Executive Director for the Shoshone-Bannock Tribes. Now she is President of Indigenous Visions Network. 

Cadastre

A cadastre or cadaster is a recording of the real estate or real property's metes-and-bounds of a country.

Artvin Province

Artvin Province (Laz and Georgian: ართვინი, romanized: artvini; Armenian: Արտուին, romanized: Artuin) is a province in Turkey, on the Black Sea coast in the northeastern corner of the country, on the border with Georgia.
Armenian (Hemshin), Georgian, Laz and Turkish people live in Artvin. 

Miriam W. Yeung

Miriam W. Yeung is a queer, Asian-American immigrant activist for reproductive justice, immigrant rights, and LGBTQ+ rights.

She is the former executive director of the National Asian Pacific American Women's Forum. She worked in different roles at the Lesbian, Gay, Bisexual & Transgender Community Center in New York for 10 years. She raised over 40 million dollars in funding while she worked there. She has been published in many different publications and is a highly regarded speaker. In 2016, she was honored as the Woman of Vision at the Gloria Awards. Yeung has also been given recognition from the New York City Council for her work for the LGBTQ+ youth community. 

Yeung was born in Hong Kong and came to the United States with her parents in 1977. She was raised in Brooklyn. She holds a master's degree in public administration from Baruch College and a bachelor's degree from New York University.

Aliya Ogdie Hassen

Aliya Ogdie Hassen (born Aliya Ogdie; April 30, 1910–May, 1990) was an Arab American community organizer in Detroit, MI. She founded several organizations, including ACCESS in Dearborn, Michigan. 

Hassen fought for Muslim rights and feminism within Islam. Even as a child, she didn’t follow what was expected of her. She wrote many works that focused on getting rid of false common ideas about Muslims, Arabs, and Muslim women. She used quotes from the Holy Quran and the Prophet Muhammad as evidence. Hassen also participated in protests to support Arabs. Along with her husband, Ali Hassen, she started the Egyptian Arab American Seaman’s Society to spread the message of Islam to the wider public and support Arab-American Muslims. She also began another organization, the Islamic Sorority, to give a safe space for Muslim women and their children to practice Islam. Hassen held leading roles in other Islamic organizations, such as the Islamic Center of New York and the Federation of Islamic Associations. Hassen became friendly with many important Muslim and Arab people, such as Malcolm X, and the Saudi prince Talal bin Abdulaziz. She wrote multiple works about Muslim feminism, like “Feminine Participation in Islamic Affairs.” Her work reached many people and changed their ideas on Arab-Americans, Muslims, and Islamic feminism.

Luigi's Mansion 3

Luigi's Mansion 3 is a 2019 video game made by Nintendo. It is the third game in the "Luigi's Mansion" series. The game was released on the Nintendo Switch on October 31, 2019. The main setting of this game is a haunted hotel. The new gameplay feature in this game is the addition of Gooigi, a slimy version of Luigi, the main character and protagonist.

Bo Thao-Urabe

Bo Thao-Urabe (born 1973) is the founder and network director for the Coalition of Asian American Leaders (CAAL). The group's goal is to unite Asian American leaders across different generations and ethnicities. CAAL works for justice, peace, and prosperity. Bo Thao-Urabe was Senior Director at Asian Americans/Pacific Islanders in Philanthropy (AAPIP). She created social justice initiatives. She has been recognized for her work for women's rights. Thao-Urabe's goal is to make Minnesota an welcoming place for all people. 

She has improved the community by working with local and national businesses and non-profit businesses by serving on the Boards of Nonprofits, Drake Bank, and the Minneapolis Foundation. She has won numerous awards; the National Philanthropy Day Award from the Association of Fundraising Professionals-Minnesota's Chapter, the Newsmaker Award from Minnesota's Women Press, the Impact Award from Hmong National Development, the Courageous Woman Award from Augsburg College, and the Facing Race Award from the Saint Paul Foundation. She also received a Buck fellowship award in 2019 in honor of her work to improve the community.

Bo Thao-Urabe was born on 1973 in Laos. She was born during America's war in Vietnam. Bo's family fled to Thailand. They spent three years in a refugee camp. In December 1797, she came to Chicago, IL, America, as an immigrant. She learned English quickly. She helped her mother use the public bus system. She moved to St. Paul, MN. In St. Paul Thao-Urabe found people who had similar life experiences. They talked about their experiences in a similar way. As she got older, she felt angry about the racism she saw. She believed that racism made it harder for her family to live in the United States. For example, it meant she needed to be the English interpreter for her parents. Also, it meant her family did not have help taking care of her sister, so she had to do it.

Evelyn Yoshimura

Evelyn Yoshimura (b. 1948) is a Japanese American scholar and ethnic studies activist. She helped change the curriculum at Cal State University Long Beach (CSULB). 
She wanted universities to have ethnic studies courses--a class where you learn about the culture and history of non-White races. Yoshimura and other students of color fought for these classes to be added. They wanted their classes to reflect all the different races at the university. The university ignored the students. The students held protests. At one protest, violence started between protestors and people who did not want ethnic studies classes. After the protests, CSULB added some ethnic studies courses to the curriculum. 

Yoshimura also helped create the Amerasia bookstore. The bookstore was one of the only places that sold books by Japanese-American authors. In the early 1970s, Evelyn joined the newspaper Gidra. Gidra wrote about the Asian-American movement. It’s often viewed as “the voice of the Asian-American movement”. She’s also an original staff member for the Little Tokyo Service Center (LTSC), which supports Japanese-Americans, especially in Los Angeles’ “Little Tokyo” district. After the LA riots in 1992, they helped Asian-Americans and other riot victims as well. The LTSC was an existing community service group that was already organized. This made it easier for them to help.

Cindy Sheehan

Cindy Lee Miller Sheehan (born July 10, 1957) is an American anti war activist. She was one of the most well-known faces in the United States' antiwar movement of the 2000s. 

She was the mother of Casey Sheehan. He was a soldier who died in the Iraq War. After his death, Sheehan grieved. She protested because of her son. Months later, she started traveling around the United States. She spoke at universities, churches, and other communities around the country. President Bush refused to meet with her at the White House. In 2005, Sheehan set up camp outside President Bush’s home in Texas to protest. Sheehan’s strong protests created controversy throughout the U.S.. Many people did not like her protesting against her country. Sheehan knew many people who lost family members and friends in the war. She protested for all of those people. 

Alicia Escalante

Alicia Escalante (born 1933) became one of the leading activists in the Chicano Movement in the 1960s.

Escalante was born in El Paso, Texas, USA. Her family had seven children. She was the second born. Her mother divorced her father. He was not a kind person. Because her mother did not have a job, her father gained custody of all the children. Escalante's mother moved to Los Angeles, California, USA, to live with her sister. Escalante was close to her mother and did not want to live with her father. At age nine, she got on a train to try to get to her mother. The police found her, but her father let her go to California. She moved to Lost Angeles with her mother. She moved during World War II.

Escalante fought for welfare rights, women's rights, and economic equality during the Chicano Movement. In 1967 she created the East Los Angeles Welfare Rights Organization with her family doctor, Doctor Carlo. It was one of the first Chicana organizations. This organization taught people about welfare rules and rights. They gave information in Spanish and English. It also helped people to apply for welfare and fix problems. 

In 1968 she participated in the Salvador Castro's East Los Angeles Walkouts. She was arrested. In 1969 she participated in Ricardo Cruz's Catolicos por la Raza's demonstration. Escalante’s activism and involvement in the Chicano Movement made her friends with other activists: Gloria Arellanes and poet Rodolfo "Corky" Gonzalez. She taught Spanish and Welfare rights at Gonzalez’s Escuela Tlatelolco. She also created a bilingual Spanish and English newspaper, La Causa De Los Pobres. The newspaper helped Spanish speakers understand the government and Welfare rights. She wrote for several other newspapers to try to enable people to create change. Escalante wrote a lot of speeches, articles, and letters. She also protested police hurting people, the Vietnam War, and world hunger. Escalante also participated in the Poor People’s Campaign March on Washington. 

Escalante was very good at creating partnerships with other activists. She partnered with many African American organizations. For example, she worked with Catherine Jermany and the Los Angeles County Welfare Rights Organization. She worked with many student groups. 

Her work was featured in the documentary called "Chicana," made in 1979 by Sylvia Morales. Her papers are at the University of California, Santa Barabara's California Ethnic and Multicultural Archives. 

Escalante had five children. She was a single mother. The family lived in East Lost Angeles, California, USA. They moved to Sacramento in 1974. 

Queen Mother Moore

Queen Mother Moore (born Audley Moore; July 27, 1898 – May 2, 1997) was a strong African-American civil rights leader and Black nationalist (someone who fights for Black people to be thought of as an individual race) as well as being an activist for 70 years.
She spent her life fighting for Black freedom and her rights. Her childhood was filled with racism and shaped her ideas for the future. In the 1920s, she was involved in Marcus Garvey’s UNIA, which fought for the creation of organizations by and for the Black community. In 1933, she turned to the Communist party because they were the only ones focused on her rights. With them, she deepened her studies of race, class, gender, and reparations (giving back to victims of slavery and their descendants). She publicly spoke against Italy’s invasion of Ethiopia and in favor of the Scottsboro Boys. She left the party in 1950 and became a republican, then a democrat. For most of the 1950s and 1960s, Moore was the most known leader for African-American reparations. She was a “shero” (heroine) in Harlem and a role model. She went on to create the Universal Association of Ethiopian Women and the in the 1960s, which was a diverse community organization fighting for reparations, and strengthened other organizations along the way. The efforts of UAEW members caused the state of Louisiana to rethink the idea of reparations. In 1963, in honor of the 100-year anniversary of the Emancipation Proclamation, the group helped Black Americans file formal reparations claims (asking for something to make up for an unfair act) to the US government. On a trip to Africa in 1972, the Ashanti people in Ghana gave her the honorary title of “Queen Mother”. 


Seymour Papert

Seymour Aubrey Papert (29 February 1928, Pretoria, Union of South Africa – 31 July 2016, Maine, U.S.) was a groundbreaking mathematician, computer scientist, and educator. He spent his career at MIT. He was an early leader in the field of artificial intelligence. He is one of the founders of the constructivist movement in education. With Cynthia Solomon and Wally Feurzeig he invented the Logo Programing Language. He was co-director of the MIT Artificial Intelligence Lab with Marvin Minsky. He advocated for computers in education as a tool for constructivist education. His work influenced many 21st-century thinkers in American education.

Balenciaga

Balenciaga SAS ( ; ) is a luxury fashion company founded in 1919 by the Spanish designer Cristóbal Balenciaga in San Sebastián, Spain. The headquarters is now in Paris, France. Balenciaga closed in 1972 and was reopened under new ownership in 1986. Since 2001, the brand has been owned by the luxury group Kering.

Little Rock Central High School

Little Rock Central High School (LRCHS) is a public high school in Little Rock, Arkansas, United States. The school was the site of forced desegregation in 1957 after the U.S. Supreme Court ruled that segregation of public schools was unconstitutional three years before. This was during the height of the civil rights movement. It has since been listed on the U.S. National Register of Historic Places and named as a U.S. National Historic Landmark and National Historic Site.

Henny Hilberink

Henny Hilberink (also known as Hennie Hilberink 21 December 1943 — 16 November 2016) was a Dutch Paralympic swimmer from Dedemsvaart. She won a total of four gold medals at the 1972 Summer Paralympics and 1976 Summer Paralympics.

She competed in one of the most impaired disability classes. During the 1969 Paralympics in class 2 and during the 1972 Paralympics in class 1B.

At the 1972 Summer Paralympics she won the gold medal in the 25 m Backstroke event ahead of Quirien Jonker. Four years later at the 1976 Summer Paralympics she competed in the 1B disability class and won three gold medals. She won the 25 m Backstroke event, 25 m Breaststroke event and 25 m Freestyle event.

Vic Snyder

Victor Frederick "Vic" Snyder (born September 27, 1947) is an American physician, lawyer, and politician. He was the U.S. representative for from 1997 to 2011. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

Snyder announced on January 15, 2010 that he would retire at the end of his term.

Prague 12

Prague 12 () is a municipal district ("městská část") in Prague, Czech Republic.

Earl Devaney

Earl E. Devaney (June 8, 1947 – April 15, 2022) was an American police officer and politician. He was the Inspector General for the United States Department of the Interior from 1999 until 2011. He was the Chairman of the Recovery Accountability and Transparency Board from 2009 until 2011. Devaney was from Massachusetts. He was also a United States Secret Service agent.

Devaney died on April 15, 2022 at the age of 74.

Municipal House

Municipal House () is a civic building that houses Smetana Hall in Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic.

Carlos Lucas

Carlos Lucas Manríquez (4 June 1930 – 19 April 2022) was a Chilean boxer. He won the bronze medal in the light heavyweight division at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He also won bronze at the 1959 Pan American Games in Chicago. Lucas was born in Villarrica, Chile.

Lucas died on 19 April 2022, aged 91.

1959 Pan American Games

The 1959 Pan American Games were held in Chicago, Illinois, United States between August 28 and September 7, 1959. The event was opened by Milton S. Eisenhower, the brother of U.S. President Dwight D. Eisenhower. It was held at Soldier Field. The United States won the most medals winning 121 gold medals and a total of 252 medals. Argentina and Canada came in second and third place.

Coat of arms of the Czech Republic

The coat of arms of the Czech Republic () shows the three historic regions of the Czech lands (Bohemia Moravia and Czech Silesia). The country started using this coat of arms in 1992. Czech heraldist, Jiří Louda, designed it.

Coat of arms of Monaco

The coat of arms of Monaco, is the symbol of the House of Grimaldi. They are the royal family of the principality of Monaco

Rize Province

Rize Province (Armenian: Ռիզե, romanized: Rrize; Laz: რიზინი, romanized: Rizini; Georgian: რიზე, romanized: Rize) is a province of northeast Turkey, on the eastern Black Sea coast between Trabzon and Artvin.
Armenian (Hemshin), Georgian, Laz and Turkish people live in Rize.

List of Dutch politicians

This is a list of Dutch politicians.



Goulash

Goulash (), is a soup of meat and vegetables seasoned with paprika and other spices. Goulash came from Hungary and is commonly eaten in Central Europe and other parts of Europe. It is one of the national dishes of Hungary and a symbol of the country. In Hungary, goulash is a soup and not a stew! 

José Vasconcelos

José Vasconcelos Calderón (January 28, 1882 – June 30, 1959), known as the "Cultural Caudillo" of the Mexican Revolution, was a Mexican writer, philosopher and politician and is one of the most influential and controversial personalities of Modern Mexico.


Treuenbrietzen

Treuenbrietzen is a town in Brandenburg, Germany.


Status quo ante bellum

Status quo ante bellum is a Latin phrase which means "the condition before the war". It means that nothing has changed after a war. No side loses territory or power.

Truth table

A truth table summarizes how we combine two logical conditions based on AND, OR, and NOT. Logic tells us that if two things must be true in order to proceed, then both condition 1 AND condition 2 must be true. If it only takes one out of two things to be true, then condition 1 OR condition 2 must be true. De Morgan's Laws tell us how to negate a Boolean expression and what it means to do so.

Carboxylate

A carboxylate is the conjugate base of a carboxylic acid, RCOO− (or RCO−2). It is an ion with negative charge. Carboxylate ions are made when a carboxylic acid loses a hydrogen ion. Such acids usually have pKa of less than 5, meaning that many bases, such as sodium hydroxide or sodium bicarbonate can remove the hydrogen ions from them.

RCOOH + NaOH → RCOONa + H2O
Some examples of carboxylates include;

The Quarterback (1926 movie)

The Quarterback is a 1926 American comedy movie directed by Fred C. Newmeyer and starring Richard Dix, David Butler, Esther Ralston, Harry Beresford. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Norman Surplus

Norman Surplus (1963 – 18 April 2022) was a Northern Irish pilot. He traveled around the world in an autogyro, nicknamed "Roxy". His trip began in 2010 and ended on 28 June 2019. 

Surplus died on 18 April 2022.

Freeman Williams

Freeman Williams (May 15, 1956 – April 19, 2022) was an American professional basketball player in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was born in Los Angeles, California. His career lasted from 1978 until 1993. He played for the San Diego Clippers, Atlanta Hawks, Utah Jazz, Tampa Bay Thrillers, Washington Bullets and Miami Tropics.

Williams died on April 19, 2022 in Los Angeles at the age of 65.

Ian Brooks

Ian James Brooks (21 April 1928 – 20 April 2022) was a New Zealand politician of the Labour Party. He was born in Blenheim, New Zealand. Brooks was a member of the New Zealand House of Representatives from 1970 until 1975.

Brooks died on 20 April 2022 at a hospital in Blenheim, one day before his 94th birthday.

Javier Lozano Barragán

Javier Lozano Barragán (; 26 January 1933 – 20 April 2022) was a Mexican Roman Catholic Cardinal. He was president of the Pontifical Council for the Pastoral Care of Health Care Workers from 1997 to 2009. He was made a cardinal in 2003. He was auxiliary bishop of the Archdiocese of Mexico from 1979 to 1984 and bishop of Zacatecas from 1984 to 1996. Lozano Barragán was born in Toluca, Mexico.

Lozano Barragán died on 20 April 2022 while being hospitalized in Rome, Italy for a bowel obstruction, aged 89.

J. D. Rymbai

J. Dringwell Rymbai (26 October 1934 – 21 April 2022), better known as J. D. Rymbai, was an Indian politician. He was a member of the United Democratic Party. He was in the Meghalaya Legislative Assembly from 1983 until 1988 and again from 1993 until 2008. Rymbai was also the Chief Minister of Meghalaya from 2006 until 2007. Rymbai was born in Shillong, Meghalaya.

Rymbai died on 21 April 2022 in Shillong, aged 88.

Pat Schroeder

Patricia Nell Scott Schroeder (July 30, 1940 – March 13, 2023) was an American politician and writer. She represented Colorado in the United States House of Representatives from 1973 to 1997. She was a member of the Democratic Party. Schroeder was the first female U.S. Representative elected in Colorado. She was born in Portland, Oregon. 

Schroeder unsuccessfully ran for the Democratic presidential nomination in 1988. 
On March 13, 2023, Schroeder died from complications of a stroke at a hospital in Celebration, Florida, at the age of 82.

Diana DeGette

Diana Louise DeGette (; born July 29, 1957) is an American lawyer and politician. She is the U.S. representative for since 1997. She is a member of the Democratic Party.

DeGette was a Chief Deputy Whip from 2005 to 2019 and is the dean of Colorado's congressional delegation.

She was the Colorado State Representative for the 6th district from 1993 until her election to the U.S. House.

DeGette was born in Tachikawa, Tokyo, Japan, the daughter of American parents. She graduated from Colorado College and New York University.

Jessica Cox

Jessica Cox (born 1983 in Arizona) is the first armless person to get a pilot's license. She is also the first armless black-belt in the American Taekwondo Association. She was born without arms due to a rare birth defect.

Debjani Chatterjee

Debjani Chatterjee is a Bengali film actress. 




Scinax fuscomarginatus

The brown-bordered snouted tree frog ("Scinax fuscomarginatus") is a frog that lives in Argentina, Brazil, Venezuela, Bolivia, Guyana, Suriname, and Paraguay.

Erwina Ryś-Ferens

Erwina Lilia Ryś-Ferens (née "Ryś"; 19 January 1955 – 20 April 2022) was a Polish speed skater and politician. She competed in four Winter Olympics from 1976 to 1988 in all distances from 500 m to 3000 m. She reached fifth place in 1980 (3000 m), in 1984 (1500 m) and in 1988 (3000 m). She won a silver and a bronze medal at the World Junior Speed Skating Championships in 1974 and 1975.

She unsuccessfully ran for the national and European Parliament in 2001, 2004, 2005, 2007 and 2009.

Ryś-Ferens was born in Elblag, Poland. She died on 20 April 2022, aged 67.

Gloria Gervitz

Gloria Gervitz (29 March 1943 – 20 April 2022) was a Mexican poet and translator. She was born in Mexico City, Mexico. Between August and September 1976, she began writing an organic poem, "Migraciones". She also translated the works of Ezra Pound in Spanish. 

In 2011, she received the PEN Mexico Prize for Literary Excellence. In 2019, Gervitz received the Pablo Neruda Ibero-American Poetry Award.

Gervitz died on 20 April 2022, aged 79.

St. Stephen's Basilica

St. Stephen's Basilica ( ) is a Roman Catholic basilica in Budapest, Hungary

János-hegy

János Hill () is the highest place in Budapest with a height of , it is in the western part of the city.

Theorbo

The theorbo is a musical instrument. It is a lute with a longer neck. It is played by plucking the strings with one hand. Another hand presses the strings. This changes the pitch. It has an extra set of bass strings. This gives the theorbo a bigger range of notes to play. It was used to play basso continuo parts in the baroque period. It was also played as a solo instrument.

Marie de' Medici

Marie de' Medici (, ; 26 April 1575 – 3 July 1642), was Queen of France and Navarre as the second wife of King Henry IV of France of the House of Bourbon, her regent was succeeded by her son Louis XIII of France. 

Something of Value

Something of Value is a 1957 American drama movie directed by Richard Brooks and was based on the 1955 novel of the same name by Robert Ruark. It starred Rock Hudson, Dana Wynter, Sidney Poitier, Wendy Hiller, Robert Beatty, Ivan Dixon, William Marshall, Walter Fitzgerald and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


Prague 13

Prague 13 () is a municipal district in Prague, Czech Republic.

Prague 14

Prague 14 () is a municipal district in Prague since 1994. It is located in the north-eastern part of the city, east of district Prague 9.

Prague 15

Prague 15 () is a municipal district in Prague, Czech Republic.

Prague 16

Prague 16 () is a municipal district in Prague. It is located in the south-western part of the city.

Prague 17

Prague 17 () is a municipal district in Prague. It is located in the western part of the city.

Prague 18

Prague 18 () is a municipal district in Prague. It is located in the north-eastern part of the city.

Košíře

Košíře is a district of Prague, part of the municipal area Prague 5.

Camila Vallejo

Camila Antonia Amaranta Vallejo Dowling (; born 28 April 1988) is a Chilean communist politician, geographer and former student leader. She is the Minister General Secretariat of Government since 11 March 2022. She was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 2014 until 2022.

She was president of the University of Chile Student Federation (FECh) and was the main spokesperson of the Confederation of Chilean Students (Confech).

Gladys Marín

Gladys del Carmen Marín Millie (; July 16, 1938 – March 6, 2005) was a Chilean activist and politician. She was Secretary-General of the Communist Party of Chile (PCCh) from 1994 until 2002 and then president of the PCCh until her death. She was a critic of General Augusto Pinochet and accused him of committing human rights violations during his seventeen-year dictatorship.

Marín died of brain cancer on March 6, 2005 in Santiago, Chile at the age of 66.

Kamen Rider Revice

Kamen Rider Revice is a Japanese tokusatsu drama "Kamen Rider" Series. Super Hero Time joined "Kikai Sentai Zenkaiger" and later, "Avataro Sentai Donbrothers".







Prague 19

Prague 19 () is a municipal district in Prague.

Prague 20

Prague 20 () is a municipal district ("městská část") in Prague.

Prague 21

Prague 21 () is municipal district in Prague, Czech Republic.

Prague 22

Prague 22 () is a municipal district in Prague, Czech Republic.

Prague Castle

Prague Castle (; ) is a castle complex in Prague, Czech Republic, built in the 9th century. It is the official office of the President of the Czech Republic. The castle was used by the kings of Bohemia, Holy Roman emperors, and presidents of Czechoslovakia.

Coat of arms of Prague

The coat of arms of the city of Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic, has a lesser and a greater version.

Open Fortress

Open Fortress is free and easily configured mod for Valve's Team Fortress 2 created by over a hundred developers from the Team Fortress 2 community. It includes a new character, the Deathmatch mercenary, new and modified weapons, and over 50 maps. It also introduces the deathmatch game mode from Quake. Other additions include all the playable characters from Team Fortress Classic and the game mechanic of bunny hopping.
On September 10th, 2021, Open Fortress, along with the mod Team Fortress 2 Classic were removed for download due to an arrangement with Valve. By July 1st, 2022, both mods were once again available for download. 

Game modes in Open Fortress include deathmatch, Capture the Flag, and duel. In the deathmatch game mode, players move quickly around the map, trying to kill as many opponents as possible. Weapons and powerups are available around the map. The gameplay of deathmatch is based on Quake. In Capture the Flag, players attempt to bring the objective from the enemy base to their own while preventing the enemy from the doing the same. Variants of the game mode are played with the deathmatch mercenary, the mercenaries of Team Fortress 2, or both. Duel is a game mode where two players fight in an arena until a certain number of kills is achieved. This is similar to the unofficial game mode of MGE in the TF2. Other game modes include arena, where players do not respawn and each team attempts to wipe out the entire enemy team, and arsenal, where players face off against waves of computer-controlled enemies.

Běchovice

Běchovice () is a suburb of Prague, it is a municipal district in Prague 21. The suburb is located about 13 km east of the city centre.

Dancing House

The Dancing House () is the nickname of the Nationale-Nederlanden building on the Rašínovo nábřeží in Prague, Czech Republic. It was designed by the Croatian-Czech architect Vlado Milunić with architect Frank Gehry in 1992.

Óbuda

Óbuda () was a town in Hungary that became part of Buda and Pest on 17 November 1873. Óbuda is currently part of the District III-Óbuda-Békásmegyer of Budapest.

Pest, Hungary

Pest () is the eastern part of Budapest, Hungary. It is separated by the Danube River from Buda and Óbuda, the western parts of Budapest. Pest is famous for the Hungarian Parliament Building, Heroes' Square and Andrássy Avenue. 

Andrássy út

Andrássy Avenue () is a boulevard in Budapest, Hungary. It was recognised as a World Heritage Site in 2002.

Human rights in the Comoros

Historically, Comoros has had a relatively poor human rights record. In early 1979, Comorian authorities arrested some 300 supporters of the Soilih's regime and imprisoned them without trial in Moroni. Four of Soilih's former ministers also disappeared. For the next two years, there were further arrests, shootings, and disappearances. Under pressure from France, some trials were held but many Comorians remained political prisoners, despite protests from Amnesty International and other humanitarian organizations. As there are no recognition of legal rights for same-sex couples.

Human rights in Somalia

Both male and female same-sex sexual activity is illegal and could be punished by death.

On October 3, 2020, a UN human rights investigator raised concerns over Somali government's backtracking of human rights commitments. According to information collected by the investigator, Somali authorities were regressing on commitments to protect peoples’ economic, social and cultural rights.

Sue Ko Lee

Sue Ko Lee (March 9, 1920 – May 15, 1996) was a labor organizer with the Chinese Ladies’ Garment Workers’ Association. 

In 1938, she joined the longest strike in San Francisco’s Chinatown's (at the time) history. This strike was a fifteen week long strike against the National Dollar Stores factory. Lee and the other workers who striked were tired of the low wages and poor working conditions they were given. They did not have many job options to choose from, so were forced to take the work they could get at the National Dollar Stores factory. This was because many white owned businesses would not hire them due to the fact that they were Chinese American. She helped organize and lead the strike and delivered speeches. The Dollar Store Strike was successful, in part due to her efforts. The workers got a 5 percent raise, and the conditions in which they were working also started to improve. This strike directly impacted the workers at the National Dollar Stores factories. In addition, after the company closed, more companies, even those that were previously made up of only white people, were willing to hire Chinese Americans. After the strike, Lee also became a leader of the International Ladies’ Garment Workers’ Union. 

Lee was born in Honolulu, Hawaii on March 9, 1920. She moved to Watsonville, California, as a child. She was the oldest of ten children. At eighteen, she married Lee Jew Hing. He was an immigrant from China. He worked as a bookkeeper for National Dollar Stores, causing Lee to eventually work at the same factory. Sue Ko Lee and Lee Jew Hing had two children together. Lee saved all of her memories, documents, and items from the strike in a scrapbook, and participated in an interview before she died. The interview and scrapbook helped give much of the currently known information about the strike. Lee died in El Cerrito, California on May 15, 1996.

Human rights in Djibouti

The issue of Human rights in Djibouti is a matter of concern for several human rights organizations. Djibouti is a small African country. It is on the Horn of Africa, The US State Department Country Report on Human Rights Practices for 2019 said there were unlawful or arbitrary killings by government agents; arbitrary detention by government agents; harsh and life-threatening prison conditions; arbitrary or unlawful interference with privacy; unjustified arrests or prosecutions of journalists; criminal libel; substantial interference with the rights of peaceful assembly and freedom of association; significant acts of corruption; and violence against women and girls with inadequate government action for prosecution and accountability, including female genital mutilation/cutting. It states also that the government seldom takes steps to identify and punish officials who committed abuses, whether in the security services or elsewhere in the government. 

Female genital mutilation is common. Equality, however, has been making strides; over 50% of judges are now women. According to American advocacy group Freedom House, minority groups such as Yemenis and Afars are not being treated fairly.

Human rights in Eritrea

Human rights in Eritrea are viewed, as of the 2010s, by non-governmental organisations (NGOs) such as Human Rights Watch as among the worst in the world, particularly in regard to freedom of the press.

The Government of Eritrea has denied an appeal by the United Nations Human Rights Council's Universal Periodic Review process to legalize same-sex sexual activity. This was said to be "in direct contradiction with the values and traditions of the Eritrean people".

Pat Maginnis

Patricia Theresa "Pat" Maginnis (June 9, 1928 – August 30, 2021) was one of the earliest American abortion rights activists. Before "Roe v. Wade", Maginnis worked towards eliminating rules and regulations governing abortion providers. In addition, she focused on women's rights to control their own body. She shed light on the importance of providing women access to safe and legal abortion services. Maginnis worked to decriminalize terminating pregnancies, speaking out about her personal abortions. She was one of the first people to publicly argue that medical control over women's reproductive rights was destructive and unjust. 

Pat founded the Citizens Committee for Humane Abortion Laws promoting safe and legal abortions in San Francisco around 1962. Later renamed the Society for Humane Abortion (SHA), the committee worked to educate medical and legal personal while running a free post-abortion clinic. Additionally, the SHA ran an underground network helping women access abortions. Obtaining abortions was extremely hard to do as it was rare doctors granted exceptions for "therapeutic abortions." Maginnis and other activists would encourage and teach women seeking abortions how to fake these conditions (psychosis, excess vomiting, etc). She handed out leaflets on how a woman could terminate a pregnancy and taught ways to induce abortion at home. Pat was arrested several times as she often went against anti-abortion laws. 

Once the Supreme Court ruled that women had the constitutional right to abortions, Maginnis worked on other issues such as gay rights and animal welfare. She regularly protested the Catholic church and it's anti-abortion policies, demanding they take responsibility in cases of sexual abuse by priests. 

Elizabeth Martínez

Elizabeth "Betita" Martínez (December 12, 1925 – June 29, 2021) was a Chicana civil rights activist. 

Martínez fought alongside other women fighting for their voting rights. She was also a writer. In 1960, she joined the Student Nonviolent Coordinating Committee (SNCC) where she helped design a book on civil rights. She also reported on the Delano Grape Strike. Additionally, she participated in the Civil Rights movement, however, she felt lonely as she was a non-black woman. She decided to go home and help people of Mexican descent or heritage. It was in New Mexico that she founded a bilingual newspaper named "El Grito del Norte" which translates to "The Cry of the North." Another reason she moved to Mexico was to fight for land rights agreed upon in the "Treaty of Guadalupe." She lead protests and marches fighting for women's rights. She used her platform to better failing systems around her and helped raise awareness of the sexism and homophobia surrounding Latino culture. She reclaimed the term “Chicana” which was a derogatory term at the time. She did this to fight back against racist ideologies and norms. She worked to unite people that were black and brown and encouraged them to form alliances as they were the main minority populations in the United States. In her writings, she talked about how Chicana women were suppressed by Chicano men. Her writings often had themes of freedom and power for all people of color, specifically women. 

Loretta Ross

Loretta J. Ross (born August 16, 1953) is an activist, author and teacher who has taught at schools and led many activism organizations. 

Ross is a visiting professor and during her career has taught at Smith College, Arizona State University and Hampshire College. She has taught classes on topics such as White Supremacy, Human Rights and Calling In The Calling Out Culture. Ross has also written multiple books and has a book that is soon to be released, called Calling In The Calling Out Culture. At Smith College, Ross teaches a class on her ideas about calling in the calling out culture. Ross also talks about calling people in during her TED talk that she gave in 2021. In addition, Ross hosts a podcast, called “Dred Feminist with Loretta J. Ross”. Ross has worked at many human rights and activism organization, including the SisterSong Women Color Reproductive Justice Collective, the National Center for Human Rights Education and the National Black Women's Health Project.

Florynce Kennedy

Florynce Rae Kennedy (February 11, 1916 – December 21, 2000) was a Black activist and feminist who founded the Feminist Party, which in 1972, nominated Shirley Chisholm for President. 

She was one of the first Black women to graduate from Columbia University and she fought her way to get into Columbia Law and became one of the first Black women to graduate and become a lawyer. In the 1960’s and 1970’s, she led and participated in many protests including protesting at CBS headquarters, rallying against President Richard Nixon, protesting against abortion rights, and protesting at Harvard for a lack of women’s restrooms. In 1997 when she was 81 years old and after fighting many health issues, she continued on to fight a sexual harassment case against the National Urban League which was one of the biggest civil rights groups in the United States. Kennedy was a member of the National Organization of Women, or NOW. While she was a lawyer, she helped to end New York's strict abortion laws that were passed in the late 1960's. Kennedy was very engaged in protests, but she was also very influential in combining anti-racist protests as well as protests fighting sexism. She has helped protesters and activists in future generations to understand the combination of the ideas of anti-racism and women’s rights to fight for peace.

Mary McLeod Bethune

Mary McLeod Bethune (or Mary Jane McLeod Bethune; July 10, 1875 - May 18, 1955) was a black educator and civil and women's rights leader. 

The daughter of former slaves, Bethune believed that education was the key to racial advancement. She served as the president of the National Association of Colored Women's Clubs and was the founder of the [https://ncnw.org/ <nowiki>National Council of [Black] Women</nowiki>]. She also founded the Daytona Educational and Industrial Training School for [Black] Girls, which later became Bethune-Cookman College. At Daytona Educational and Industrial Training School for [Black] Girls, she became the first African American woman to serve as a college president. She was a key organizer for the , which was an advisory board to President Franklin D. Roosevelt. In 1945, she was the only African American women to present at the opening of the United Nations, and won the Medal of Honor and . She merged 28 different organizations to help improve the lives of women and their children, and through her organizations she helped African American women into military roles through the Women's Army Corps during World War II.

Cecilia Chung

Cecilia Chung (; born 1965) is a transgender woman and civil rights activist for LGBTQIA+ rights and equality, healthcare for everyone, social justice, and HIV/AIDS treatment access and awareness. She is a founder of the annual Trans March held in San Francisco. She was the first Asian and first transgender President of the Board of Directors of San Francisco Lesbian Gay Bisexual Transgender Pride Celebration Committee. Chung was also a test counselor and residential counselor for the UCSF AIDS Health Project. During her time there, she helped draw attention to transgender people and people living with HIV.

TrueVisions

TrueVisions is a television company in Thailand. It offers satellite and cable services. It started in 1998. It used to be called the United Broadcasting Corporation.

Transmedicalism

Transmedicalism is when people think that one needs gender dysphoria to be transgender. The people who think this are called transmedicalists. People who disagree with transmedicalists sometimes call them truscum or transmeds.

Some transmedicalists also do not agree with the idea of being non-binary.

Antonov Airlines

Antonov Airlines is the ’s subdivision that specializes in international cargo transportation.The airlines’ fleet includes one AN-225 Mriya, seven AN-124-100 Ruslans, one AN-22 Antei, two AN-12s one AN-26 and one AN-74T. Every year it carries hundreds of thousands of tons of unique cargoes, including those which can not be transported otherwise, to 800 airports across the world.

Old Town (Prague)

The Old Town of Prague () is an old settlement in Prague, the capital city of the Czech Republic. The old town is currently part of Prague 1.

Old Town Square

Old Town Square ( ) is a historic square in the Old Town quarter of Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic.

Malá Strana

Malá Strana is a district of the city of Prague, Czech Republic, it is one of the city’s most historic neighbourhoods.

Wallenstein Palace

Wallenstein Palace () is a Baroque palace in Malá Strana, Prague. The palace currently houses the Senate of the Czech Republic.

Liboc

Liboc is a district of the city of Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic. It is part of Prague 6, located near Divoká Šárka.

Divoká Šárka

Divoká Šárka () is a nature reserve in northwestern part of outer Prague, the capital city of the Czech Republic.

Black woodpecker

The black woodpecker ("Dryocopus martius") is a large woodpecker that lives in mature forests in parts of Eurasia. It does not migrate. 

Dryocopus

Dryocopus is a genus of large powerful woodpeckers, it is usually 35–45 cm in length. It has representatives in North and South America, Europe, and Asia. 

Katherine A. Flores

Katherine A. Flores (born 1953) is a American doctor of Mexican descent. She develops programs to train more Latin American doctors in the United States. She is a Professor of Family Medicine at the University of California, San Francisco School of Medicine. She helped start the National Hispanic Medical Association. Flores works to have more and better doctors serving the Latin American communities in California's Central Valley. She encourages students to pursue careers in medicine and education. The students she works with are not usually encouraged to get education or pursue these jobs. She founded the California Borders Health Education and Training Center (HETC) program, Partnerships for Health Professions Education (PHPE), and the Hispanic Centers of Excellence (HCOE), the California Health Professions Consortium, and the Latino Center for Medical Education and Research. The Latino Center for Medical Education and Research offer the Junior Doctors Academy and Doctors Academy. Both academies support middle and high school students as they get education and study for careers in medical fields. She received a James Irvine Foundation Leadership Award in 2010.

Flores' family moved from Mexico to the United States. They worked on farms. Flores was born in Fresno, California. Her mother died when she was an infant. She was raised by her grandparents. She worked with them in farm jobs from about age four to age 16. 

After earning admission and full scholarship to Stanford University, Flores found college a struggle. In particular, she missed her family and community. Flores says support from two classmates kept her in school. She also got involved with advocacy for Latin American farmworkers' rights, including marching with Cesar Chavez. She began working with Latin American organizations in California and the whole United States. She wanted to convince more Latin American people to become doctors. Then Flores decided to go to medical school. She decided that helping other students succeed would also be part of her life's work.

She married a professor of teacher education, Juan Flores. They have two children. 

Flores studied in Human Biology at Stanford University in 19701-1975. She graduated from University of California, Davis School of Medicine in 1979. After medical school, Flores returned to Fresno. She eventually started her own doctor's office there in 1983.

Flores serves a diverse population. Her medical practice works in English and Spanish. Her area has many Latin American people, but very few Latin American doctors or nurses. She leads several large medical education programs. To help fight against that problem. 

In 1984, Flores took on her roll as a professor at UCSF School of Medicine, Department of Family and Community Medicine. In 1996, she founded the Latino Center for Medical Education and Research at UCSF, and is still the director there in 2021. From 1993-1999 Flores was the assistant dean of the University of California, San Francisco Fresno Medical Education Program.

After attending the White House Health Care Reform Task Force meetings in 1993-1994, Flores was one of the ten Latin American participants who went on to found the National Hispanic Medical Association. She was one of the Association's Leadership Fellows in 1999, and went on to serve on the board of the organization, including serving as Secretary and later Chairwoman.

In 2013, California Governor Jerry Brown appointed Flores to the California Healthcare Workforce Policy Commission. 

Jessie Lopez De La Cruz

Jessie Lopez De La Cruz (Jesuita Lopez; 1919 – September 2, 2013) was a Chicano-American who worked with Dolores Huerta and Caesar Chavez to fight for farm worker rights. 

She was born in Anaheim, California, and started working on the farm at age 5. In 1932 she worked for the San Juan Capistrano to translate during a farm worker strike. She joined the National Farm Workers Association (later known as the United Farm workers) and was the first female recruiter and became one of the best. She participated in strikes and helped to ban the short-handed hoe, which led to back injuries of the farm workers. She also helped teach farm workers English. 

Jessie de la Cruz worked for the Fresno County Economic Opportunity Commission, the Central California Action Associates, and California's Commission on the Status of Women. While working for the United Farm Workers, she advocated for more women in leadership roles. She retired from the United Farm Workers in 1993 and began working in the California Rural Legal Assistance and a Catholic Charity. 

She continued to be a political activist until she died in 2013.

Jovita Idár

Jovita Idár Vivero (September 7, 1885 – June 15, 1946) was a Mexican American teacher, writer, and activist.  She fought for the right to education, the right for women to vote, and for the rights of Mexican-Americans.

She became a teacher in 1903 but quit to write for "La Crónica" (a newspaper owned by her father). In October, 1911 she founded "La Liga Feminil Mexicaista" (the League of Mexican Women). The League of Mexican Women allowed Mexican-American students get access to education. In 1914, she wrote an editorial in "El Progreso" (The Progress) newspaper which criticized the US army interfering in the Mexican Revolution.  She also wrote an editorial supporting women's suffrage. The Texas Rangers tried to shut the newspaper down, but when they came to "El Progreso"’s office, Jovita Idár stood in the doorway so they had to turn back. The officers shut it down the next day when she was not there.  However, she continued to use "La Crónica" to voice her opinions.  Eventually, she and her brothers took it over. For the rest of her life, she used the freedom of the press to keep arguing for civil rights.

Guitar Shorty

David William Kearney (September 8, 1934 – April 20, 2022), known as Guitar Shorty, was an American blues guitarist and singer-songwriter. He was known for his guitar style. He was inspired by Jimi Hendrix and Buddy Guy. Guitar Shorty recorded and toured from the 1950s until the 2010s. 

Guitar Shorty died on April 20, 2022 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 87. 

Jacques Perrin

Jacques Perrin (born Jacques André Simonet; 13 July 1941 – 21 April 2022) was a French actor, producer and director. He was born in Paris, France. His career began in 1957. Perrin was known for his roles in "The Sleeping Car Murders" (1965) as Daniel and in "Z" (1969) as the Photojournalist. He also produced "Z" and "Black and White in Color" (1976) which won the Academy Award for Best International Feature Film.

Perrin died on 21 April 2022 in Paris, aged 80.

Amy Jacques Garvey

Amy Euphemia Jacques Garvey (31 December 1895 – 25 July 1973) was a journalist, feminist, and race activist.

In 1918, she started working in the Universal Negro Improvement Association and African Communities League (UNIA). and became Marcus Garvey’s personal secretary. She later became the office manager at U.N.I.A. headquarters in 1920. Two years later, in July 1922, Amy Jacques and Marcus Garvey married, following his divorce from Amy Ashwood. Jacques was dedicated to spreading information on the principles (principles - a basic law or truth on which action or behavior is based) and philosophies (philosophy - a way of thinking about the world, the universe, and society) of race and self-reliance (self-reliance - relying on your own abilities and resources instead of someone else's).

On June 21, 1922, her husband was convicted of mail fraud and sent to prison. During this time, Jacques took leadership of the U.N.I.A. and acted as his personal representative. She rallied (rallied - to call people together for a common effort) to his defense, made speeches to U.N.I.A. branches, and met with U.N.I.A. officers and public officials. Marcus Garvey had asked Jacques to edit two volumes of his Philosophy and Opinions and to distribute them to members of the United States Congress, so in 1923, Jacques published Volume One of "The Philosophy and Opinions of Marcus Garvey". Volume Two came out in 1925. She additionally became the associate editor of the U.N.I.A.’s newspaper and created a page called "“Our Women and What They Think."" This section had information on the status of women and profiles of black female leaders/historical figures. With these publications, she raised money for her husband’s legal defense. However, Marcus Garvey was deported (deported - to force someone who is not a citizen to leave the country) and had to go back to Jamaica. Jacques returned with him and their children, Marcus Garvey Jr. and Julius Garvey. She still continued to contribute to the U.N.I.A.’s newspaper, and wrote about her impressions of England, France, and Germany as she toured the countries with her husband.

After her husband’s death in 1940, she continued to fight for African independence and became a contributing editor to the "African", a black nationalist (nationalist - strongly identifying with their own nation) journal. She also started the African Study Circle of the World in Jamaica in the 1940s and published the book "Garvey and Garveyism" in 1963. Amy Jacques Garvey died on July 25, 1973 in Kingston, Jamaica, the same place where she was born.

Ericka Huggins

Ericka Huggins ( Jenkins; born January 5, 1948) is an African American activist. She was in the Black Panther Party. She was active in the Black Power Movement.

She is an activist, writer, and educator. She illustrated a book called "Insights & poems". Huggins was a former director of the Oakland Community School from 1973-1981. The Oakland Community school was founded by the leader of the Black Panther Party, Huey Newton. The Oakland Community School wanted to focus on quality education for Black and poor students. Huggins was the first woman and first Black person to be on the education board of Alameda County. Huggins worked on the Shanti Project which is a volunteer organization to help out create a better quality of life for people with terminal, life-threatening, or disabling conditions/illnesses. 

She also worked as a professor of Women and Gender Studies at San Francisco State University and California State University from 2003-2011. She was also a professor in Sociology and African American Studies from 2008 to 2015 at the  Peralta Community College District. After high school Ericka attended Cheyney University of Pennsylvania, then went to Lincoln University studying education.

Peggy Saika

Peggy Saika (b. 1945) is a Japanese-American activist. 

She was the executive director of Asian Americans/Pacific Islanders in Philanthropy. Asian Americans/Pacific Islanders in Philanthropy is a non-profit organization. They work to improve the lives of Asian American communities. Saika has done a lot of work in California. In 1988, Saika helped open a shelter in San Franciscocalled San Francisco's Asian Women’s Shelter. She was chairperson of the board of The California Wellness Foundation. In 1996, she  helped found NAPAWF (the National Asian Pacific American Women’s Forum) in Los Angeles.  Saika has also worked for many other organizations. She is the Interim CEO of Common Counsel. Common Counsel brings resources to social movements across the US. She was also the first executive director of the Asian American Environmental Network. From 1983-1991, she was the executive director of the Asian Law Caucus. Saika is also passionate about women's rights. She organized groups of female activists. She also worked at the Chinatown Health Center. In 2008 she won the LEAD (Leadership for Equity and Diversity) Award. Women & Philanthropy gave her the award. The award is given to people who work for groups that help women.

Ardeth Platte

Ardeth Platte, O.P., (10 April 1936 – 30 September 2020), was an American Dominican religious sister and anti-nuclear activist, and inspired a character named Sister Jane Ingalls (played by Beth Fowler) in the Netflix hit “Orange is the New Black.” She was admitted into the Michigan Women’s hall of fame in 1999. 

Platte is most famously known for breaching a nuclear missile site in Colorado with fellow Dominican nuns Sister Carol Gilbert and Sister Jackie Hudson. Snipping through the chain-link fence using bolt cutters, Platte and the other nuns poured blood out of a baby bottle in the shape of a cross on a nuclear silo to remember victims of war. They then unfurled a peace banner, reciting a prayer, “Oh God, help us to be peacemakers in this hostile world.” For these actions, Platte was sent to prison in Danbury, Connecticut, where she stayed for 41 months.

Esther Uranday

Esther Tarango Uranday (April 26, 1933 - December 18, 2017) was a Filipino American activist for the United Workers Front (UFW). She told Cesar Chavez that Filipino farm workers were striking against grape growers and helped get him involved in their work. She got more involved inthe UFW. Uranday managed the UFW and contracts. She helped build the UFW, and was a close friend of Helen Chavez. She traveled with Helen and Cesar Chavez to lead the National Boycott Tour, encouraging people to not eat grapes from certain growers. She also was an active and regular participant in picket lines (protests where the protestors try to stop people from getting into an area/place of work) at grape farms. 

Besides helping manage hiring for the union, Uranday protested every day. She would get up early to strike at the grape fields. The protestors picketed (formed a picket line) against the terrible treatment of the migrant workers. Most of them were workers themselves, who were on strike (refusing to work as a form of protest). They caught the attention of both newspapers and the grape companies. They lost their jobs. For many, they and their families barely scraped by. They made a picket line near the grape fields and yelled “¡Huelga!”, which means “Strike!” Police would come and arrest them. However, they didn't let the arrests ruin their day and sang and told jokes in jail.

Clara Lemlich

Clara Lemlich Shavelson (March 28, 1886 - July 12, 1982) was a Jewish, Ukrainian labor activist. She helped organize the shirtwaist workers strike called the "Uprising of 20,000." 

Clara Lemlich was born on March 28, 1886 in Gorodok, Ukraine. Lemlich’s parents were very religious Jews, which brought Clara into some tough situations later in life. In her early life Lemlich experienced many occurrences of Anti-Jew violence, as well as lack of education opportunities just because of her religion and gender. After being denied admission to a public school in Gorodok because she was Jewish, her parents banned her from reading, listening, or seeing anything Russian. Even though she had these restrictions, Lemlich continued to read these Russian books and continued to educate herself. 

As a child Lemlich experienced the many struggles of people living under the Russian Monarchy. Lemlich and her family fled Ukraine in 1903, and they worked very hard to find jobs and a new home. Many immigrants had a hard time finding jobs and having money, so many just joined the manufacturing workforce. Lemlich worked to make shirtwaists in unbelievable conditions with a very low wage. Shocked by this sexist environment, Lemlich joined the Uprising of 20,000 (also known as The New York shirtwaist strike of 1909), a strike against sexism in the workplace, horrible working conditions, unfair pay and hours, and much more. She continued to inspire many people, becoming a very important women's suffrage activist. 
In 1905, her family decided to move to The United States of America, specifically New York City. Lemlich decided she would be a passionate and fiery socialist with many opinions. Once in the states, Lemlich followed in the path of many other immigrants in need of work and joined a shirt and dress factory. Lemlich was very appalled by the horrid conditions of that factory and wrote about how the conditions for Men and Women were completely different, and the women were always given the worse option. She wrote about how the wage gap was insanely unfair, how the better work stations were given to men, and how the hours she worked and the amount she got paid were completely unfair. Lemlich decided to lead a strike, called The Uprising of 20,000 (or The New York shirtwaist strike of 1909) to strike against unbelievable unfair situations in the workplace. 

After this very well known strike, Lemlich became very well known. This led to many people having very mixed feelings about her. Although she did receive some hate because of her opinions, it never stopped Lemlich from doing what she believed was right. She continued being a socialist, and fought for many other important things, as well as helping to found and sustain the Wage Earner's League for Woman Suffrage. 
In 1913, Lemlich married printer's union activist Joe Shavelson, and proceeded to have 3 kids. In 1926, Lemlich joined the Communist Party USA, where she worked to create The United Council of Working Class Housewives, helping organize people and getting funding for many more strikes yet to come. Through the age of 58 Lemlich continued to speak at protests and strikes, about many topics including Women's Suffrage and Nuclear Weapons. 

After retiring from the International Ladies' Garment Workers' Union (ILGWU), was awarded two honorary stipends by ILGWU president David Dubinsky. 

Byllye Avery

Byllye Yvonne Avery (born October 20, 1937) is an American health activist who centers her efforts on low income African American women. She builds through self-help groups and support networks. Avery is one of the co-founders of the Gainesville (Florida) Women's Health Center and Birthplace, and another birth center also in Gainesville. In 1983 she founded the National Black Women's Heath Project (NBWHP). The organization grew to reach over 22 states and six foreign countries. She made the first Center for Black Women's Wellness, and made the first documentary by African American women on their experiences on reproduction and sexuality. In 2008 she received to Ruth Bader Ginsburg Award for Pioneers in Women's Rights. In January 2009 she became a community host for the first expert-guided online health and wellness network, BeWell.com. 

Marii Hasegawa

Marii Kyogoku Hasegawa (September 17, 1918 to July 1, 2012) was a Japanese woman who was passionate about peace and justice. Hasegawa worked with an organization called the Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom because she was significantly impacted by her experiences at the Japanese internment camp and the use of atomic bombs in Japan. 

Hasegawa was educated in California. She graduated from the University of California at Berkeley in 1938 and got a degree in home economics. 

At the Women’s International League for Peace and Freedom organization, she was a national board member and the President of the organization from 1971 to 1975.A documentary about Marii's life first opened in 2012 called "Gentle Woman of a Dangerous Kind." She traveled to Tokyo in 1996 to receive the Niwano Peace Prize which is awarded to people who have contributed to world peace. 

Broncho Billy Anderson

Gilbert M. "Broncho Billy" Anderson (born Maxwell Henry Aronson; March 21, 1880 – January 20, 1971) was an American actor, writer, director, and movie producer. He was the first star of the Western movie genre. He was a founder and star for Essanay studios. In 1958, he received an Honorary Academy Award.


Jack Rutherford (cricketer)

John Walter Rutherford (25 September 1929 – 21 April 2022) was an Australian cricketer. He played in one Test match in 1956. Rutherford was the first player from the Western Australia cricket team to be picked for a senior cricket tour and the first to win a Test cap for Australia. He was born in Bruce Rock, Western Australia.

Rutherford died on 21 April 2022, at the age of 92.

Renate Holm

Renate Holm (10 August 1931 – 21 April 2022) was a German-Austrian actress and operatic soprano. Holm was born in Berlin, Branderburg, Prussia, Germany. She performed with Vienna State Opera.

Holm died in Vienna, Austria on 21 April 2022 at age 90.


Anna Maria Alberghetti

Anna Maria Alberghetti (; born May 15, 1936) is an Italian-American actress and soprano. Her career began in 1942. She won a Tony Award in 1962 for her performance in "Carnival!". She appeared on "The Ed Sullivan Show" more than 50 times.

Alberghetti was born in Pesaro, Italy. She was married to Claudio Guzmán from 1964 until they divorced in 1974. They had two children.

Alberghetti was a child prodigy. At age six, she sang in a concert on the Isle of Rhodes with a 100-piece orchestra. She performed at Carnegie Hall in New York at the age of 13.

Alberghetti became a U.S. citizen in 1961. Her sister is singer Carla Alberghetti.

Carla Alberghetti

Carla Alberghetti (born 24 June 1939) is an Italian actress and soprano singer. Alberghetti made her singing debut at the Hollywood Bowl with the Los Angeles Philharmonic Orchestra in 1955. In 1960 she appeared in a touring production of the musical "Kismet". 

Alberghetti played Lili in "Carnival" from her older sister, Anna Maria Alberghetti. She made guest appearances on "The Ed Sullivan Show", "Tonight Starring Jack Paar" and "The Tonight Show Starring Johnny Carson".

Franklin Pangborn

Franklin Pangborn (January 23, 1889 – July 20, 1958) was an American comedic actor. He was known for his roles in "International House", "The Bank Dick", and "Never Give a Sucker an Even Break". He was secretly gay.

Egghead (DC Comics)

Egghead is a fictional character created for the 1960s "Batman" television series where he was played by Vincent Price. The character was known his pale bald head and white and yellow suit. He calls himself "the world's smartest criminal", and his crimes are usually related to eggs. He also includes egg-related puns in his speech. He also has egg-shaped weapons, such as laughing gas eggs and tear gas eggs.

Victor Buono

Victor Charles Buono (February 3, 1938January 1, 1982) was an American actor, comedian and recording artist. He was known for playing the villain King Tut in the television series "Batman" (1966–1968) and musician Edwin Flagg in "What Ever Happened to Baby Jane?" (1962), for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor. He was secretly gay.

Buono died on January 1, 1982 in Apple Valley, California of a heart attack, aged 43.

Jean de Sismondi

Jean Charles Léonard de Sismondi (also known as Jean Charles Leonard Simonde de Sismondi) (; 9 May 1773 – 25 June 1842), was a Swiss historian and political economist.

Sismondi is best known for his works on French and Italian history, and his economic ideas. His goals were to promote unemployment insurance, sickness benefits, a progressive tax, regulation of working hours, and a pension scheme. He was also the first to use the term "proletariat" to describe the working class created under capitalism. 

Scinax haddadorum

Scinax haddadorum is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scienitsts have only seen it in one place, in Mato Grosso.

Johann Heinrich Wilhelm Tischbein

Johann Heinrich Wilhelm Tischbein, known as the "Goethe Tischbein" (15 February 1751 in Haina – 26 February 1829 in Eutin), was a German painter. He was from the from the Tischbein family of artists.

After 1808, he worked for Grand Duke Peter I. He lived in Eutin until he died. His autobiography, "Aus meinem Leben", was not published until 1861. It has been not reissued since.


Benice (Prague)

Benice is a municipal district and cadastral area in Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic.

World Games sports

The World Games sports are all of the sports that are played during The World Games.
Disciplines from the same sport have the same color.

These sports were played at previous World Games, but are not played anymore.


The following sports were part of The World Games in the past. However, they are now official events at the Olympics.


The Warrens of Virginia (1915 movie)

The Warrens of Virginia is a 1915 American Civil War drama movie directed by Cecil B. DeMille and is the first version of the 1907 play of the same name by William C. de Mille. It stars Blanche Sweet, James Neill, House Peters, Dick La Reno, Mildred Harris, Raymond Hatton, Mabel Van Buren and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Scinax crospedospilus

The Campo Belo snouted tree frog ("Scinax crospedospilus") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in the mountains in Rio de Janiero, São Paulo, and Minas Gerias.

Regine Velasquez

Regina Encarnacion Ansong Velasquez ( ; born April 22, 1970) is a Filipino singer, actress, and record producer. She is seen as a cultural icon in the Philippines. She became known after winning the television talent show "Ang Bagong Kampeon" in 1984 and the Asia Pacific Singing Contest in 1989. 

Velasquez also appeared on television shows such as "Forever in My Heart" (2004), "Ako si Kim Samsoon" (2008), "Totoy Bato" (2009), "Diva" (2010), "I Heart You, Pare!" (2011), and "Poor Señorita" (2016). She was a judge on "StarStruck" (2015) and "Idol Philippines" (2019).

Regina Encarnacion Ansong Velasquez was born on April 22, 1970, in Manila.

Cynthia Plaster Caster

Cynthia Plaster Caster (born Cynthia Albritton, May 24, 1947 – April 21, 2022) was an American artist and "recovering groupie". She was known for creating plaster casts of famous persons' erect penises. In 2000 she added casting female artists' breasts. Albritton was born in Chicago. She was an unsuccessful candidate for Mayor of Chicago in the 2011 election.

Albritton died on April 21, 2022 from a long-illness in Chicago, aged 74.

4A Games

4A Games Limited is a Ukrainian-Maltese video game developer based in Sliema, Malta. The company was founded in Kyiv, Ukraine. The company is best known for making the "Metro" video game series.

Metro Exodus

Metro Exodus is a horror first-person shooter video game developed by 4A Games and published by Deep Silver.

Évora District

Évora District ( is located in Alentejo, in southern Portugal. The district capital is the city of Évora.

The district has 14 municipalities: 

Arraiolos

Arraiolos () is a municipality in Évora District in Portugal. The population in 2011 was 7,363, in an area of 683.75 km.

2022 East Timorese presidential election

Presidential elections were held in East Timor on 19 March 2022. Incumbent Francisco Guterres is running for a second term. None of the presidential nominees gotten at least 50% of the votes, so a runoff election was held on 19 April 2022, between the top two candidates, José Ramos-Horta and Guterres. Ramos-Horta won the runoff with 62% of the total votes cast.

Fretilin

The Revolutionary Front for an Independent East Timor (, Fretilin) is a centre-left political party in East Timor. They hold 23 of 65 seats in the National Parliament.

Abdi Pasha the Albanian

Abdurrahman Abdi Pasha the Albanian (; 1616–1686) was an Ottoman politician and military leader of Albanian descent, he was the last governor of the province of Budin in Hungary.

Tori Tsui

Tori Tsui is a climate activist and mental health lawyer. She is from Hong Kong. She lives in Bristol in England.

Tsui was born and grew in Hongkong.

She completed her graduation in 2015 as Master of Research in Ecology, Evolution and Conservation at Imperial College London. It built the foundation of Climate Science and its sustainability. One year after her graduation, Tsui moved to Bristol. She learned about natural history documentary industry.

Tsui's participation as a part of extinction rebellion was for making short movies. The movies are about how climate change affects particular species. The movies are made for Extinction Rebellion's social media. This led her to be called by creative director of Stella McCartney to be part of their campaign. In April 2019, two girls from the campaign's team met her in Extinction Rebellion's event in London. She was interviewed by them about her involvement in Climate activism. She became a part of the advertising campaign named ‘Agents of Change’ as one of activist. Examples include Jane Goddall, Deya Ward and Ruby Munslow. The campaigns are also accompanied by models like Amber Valletta, Chu Wong, Trinity Hill and Chloe Pearson.

Her connection with McCartney doesn't end there as Mccartney also helped Tsui in a project called "Sail To The COP". It was a think tank approach to 36 European ethnicities to sail through Atlantic Ocean. The purpose was to attend "2019 United Nations Climate Change Conference" in Santiago, Chile. 

List of minor planets: 182001–183000


Attje Kuiken

Attje Harma Kuiken (born 27 October 1977) is a Dutch politician of the Labour Party (PvdA).

Kuiken was born in Groningen and worked at the Ministry of Internal Affairs. She has been an MP since 30 November 2006 (except from January to May 2010). She succeeded Lilianne Ploumen as parliamentary group leader on 22 April 2022.


Sophia Li

Sophia Li is a Chinese-American journalist, movie director and enviromental lawyer. She lives in Brooklyn and Upstate New York. 

Sophia Li was born in Minnesota, United States. She lived in province of Shandong, China for two years. After that, she came to Minnesota before her pre-school. She completed her graduation in 2013 from Virginia Commonwealth University with a Bachelor of Arts. She graduated from the Department of Fashion Design and Merchandising. 

She works as an "entertainment media editor" in for 4 years until 2017. After that, she went to freelance. She became a co-founder of a television show on climate change named "All of the Above". Her business partner was Céline Semaan Vernon. Their show was aired on YouTube and its respective website. They met in an event of HER. Li became a co-host with Babba Riveira and Semaan as the guest. At the same time, Li was also invited to become a board member of Slow Factory Foundation. Besides being a member of Slow Factory, Li was also a board member of Better Shelter. 

She also hosted a podcast called "Climate talks" in Meta Platforms.

Li was named as one of the 16 climate influencers to watch in 2022 by "Harvard Medical School Center for Health and the Global Environment". It was partnered with Pique Action.

Ridhima Pandey

Ridhima Pandey is an Indian environmental activist from India. She works for actions against climate change. She has been favoured to Greta Thunberg. During the age of 9 years, she filed against the Indian Government a case for not taking enough steps to fight for climate changes. She was also one of the people who complained cases to the United Nations. She is one of the several young climate activists. She stands against several nations' failure to take actions against the climate crisis.

Pandey lives in Haridwar, Uttarakhand. Her father is Dinesh Pandey. Her father works in Wildlife Trust India. Her father is also a climate activist and has worked in Uttarakhand in this capacity for 16 years. Her mother is Vinita Pandey. Her mother works for Forest Department of Uttarakhand.

Her interest in climate change started when her home has been affected by severe weather over the past three years. In 2013, over 1000 people died in cause of "2013 North India floods" and landslides. These also made her fell interested in these topics. Almost 100, 000 people had to be taken out from the disaster region. According to the World Bank, climate change is likely to increase pressure on the water supply in India.

At age of nine, Pandey filed a case against the Indian Government. Her case was based on the lack of the steps taken against climate change. Such steps had been agreed in the Paris Agreement. This court case was presented in the (NGT). Pandey also asked the Government to prepare a plan to reduce carbon emissions. She also asked about a nationwide plan to control the impacts of climate change.

In an interview with , Pandey said:“My Government has failed to take steps to regulate and reduce greenhouse gas emissions, which are causing extreme climate conditions. This will impact both me and future generations. My country has huge potential to reduce the use of fossil fuels, and because of the Government's inaction I approached the National Green Tribunal.”

The NGT rejected her request. They said stating that it was "covered under the environment agreement assessment".

During her application for a Norwegian visa to go to , she heard about an organization for young climate activists. She went to the organization. She was selected to go to New York City for the . During the summit, on 23 September 2019, Pandey with 15 other children, complained to the . She accused Argentina, Brazil, Germany, France and Turkey for violating the "Convention on the Rights of the Child". It was because the said countries failed to explain the climate problems sufficiently.

Pandey was listed in the BBC's announced on 23 November 2020. She was also given the in 16 December 2021 in New Delhi.

Splatoon 3

Splatoon 3 is a 2022 shooter game. It was developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch. It has many returning elements from the previous games in the series, "Splatoon" and "Splatoon 2". It was released on September 9, 2022.

ABC islands (Leeward Antilles)

The ABC islands is the island group of Aruba, Bonaire, and Curaçao in the Caribbean Sea.

Marinel Sumook Ubaldo

Marinel Sumook Ubaldo is a Filipinos climate activist from the Philippines. She helps to organise the first in her country. She proves as a community witness for the Philippines . It was done as a part of her checking on the responsibly helping each other of people. Besides, she was also checking whether the effects of climate change can be considered violations of Filipinos’ human rights or not.

Ubaldo stands against the usage of the single-use plastics, the reduction of carbon emissions and in renewable energy.

In 2015, Ubaldo spoke at the . In the meeting, she said, ‘"please think about us, think about the coming generations who will suffer because you did not make decisions in time"'. Ubaldo said that fighting climate change was the ‘purpose of her life’. At the same year, she was also shown in a documentary movie directed by Christoph Schwaiger. The movie was named "Girl and Typhoons".

In October 2019, Ubaldo participated in a climate leadership training event in Yokohama, Japan. The event was established by Al Gore. She also spoke at various Japanese universities.

In one of the occasions, Ubaldo said:First World countries… [could] stop fueling climate change, and change business practices so your carbon emission could be lessened…These countries should be responsible and be held accountable. It’s so unfair for people, for nations like the Philippines, to suffer from a phenomenon that we haven’t caused.

Ubaldo says that fossil fuel companies should not be allowed to do whatever they want in name of climate change. She sahd that she was an optimistic person. Her strategies were to stand for the effects of climate change that can be developed.

Presently, she is working as an Advocacy Officer for Ecological Justice and Youth Engagement in Living Laudato Si’ Philippines. 


Kaossara Sani

Kaossara Sani is a Togolese environmentalist, writer and sociologist. She lives in Lomé, Togo. She founded the "Africa Optimism". She is the co-founder as well as the Executive Director of the "Act on Sahel Movement".

Kaossara Sani was born in Burkina Faso. Later, she came to Togo at the age of 9 years. She grew up in Lomé. She lives with her mother and two brothers.

She founded the Africa Optimism. It is a movement that publicises the solution of climate and environmental problems with education. She is also a co-founder of "Act On Sahel Movement". It raises money to pay for seeds and fertilizer for farmers in the Sahel region of Africa. It also raises money to buy cleaning products and provide clean water and renewable energy to people.

Her works were further recognised when she sent a manifesto to the . In the document, she said that the cost for traveling to Glasgow would be better used to build a borehole to provide clean water to the people of Togo. In her statement, she also reminds the rich countries of their "broken promise" to provide $100 billion annually in climate finance for developing countries till the end of 2020. It should be continued to 2025 from 2015. She also requested the rich countries to give climate finance to the 46 least developed countries. She also requested them to invest in weather and climate change research by building weather stations.

M-105 (Michigan highway)

M-105 was the name of a state trunkline highway inside The Thumb in the US state of Michigan. It connected M-53 in Popple and M-83 near Elkton. M-83 is now known as M-142. The name was used in the 1920s and 1930s, and it has not been used since.

M-105 started at an intersection with M-53 (Van Dyke Road) in the community of Popple, just before M-53 curved east towards Bad Axe. M-105 was known as Pinnebog Road. The trunkline traveled north and then northwest, and crossed the Pinnebog River. After intersecting Stein Road, M-105 turned north for about through farm country and rural areas before meeting M-83 (Pigeon Road), a few miles east of Elkton. The highway was used as a shortcut between M-53 and M-83.

The M-105 first appeared on maps in 1928. The highway was decommissioned in 1939 when it was changed back to local control. The name has not been used since.


Nafesha Richardson

Nafesha Veronica Richardson is the founder of Spark SVG. She is a youth rights defender from . She is a member of the Commonwealth Youth Gender and Equality Network (CYGEN), a Youth Champion of the Escazú Agreement. She is also a volunteer at the Girl Guides Association.

At the age of 7, Nafesha Richardson joined the St. Vincent and the Grenadines Girl Guides Association willingly to learn and fight for the social and domestic issues. Those issues were affecting the people of . Those issues are mostly domestic and sexual violences. In May 2019, at the age of 22, Nafesha founded the "Spark " (Spark SVG). With this, she aimed to inspire, empower and motivate young people in Saint Vincent and the Grenadines to improve positive changes in the society. She attended Commonwealth Banquet in the year 2020.

She attended "Youth4Climate: Driving Ambition" held in Milan, Italy. In the event, she was a representative from on the 28th-30th of September 2021. It was a Pre-COP event organized by , Connect4Climate and , launched on June 2020. Presently, she is an active ambassador for "One Young World".

Camillo Astalli

Camillo Astalli (21 October 1616 – 21 December 1663) was an Italian Catholic Cardinal of Pope Innocent X who was the Cardinal Priest of San Pietro in Montorio from 1653 to 1662.

Anita Soina

Anita Soina is a Kenyan environmental lawyer. She is from the Maasai community. She wrote "The Green War". She founded the Spice Warriors. It is a group that stands for climate change in Kenya.

In 2018, Soina founded the Spice Warriors. It was under the mentorship of Eric Mastsanza. It was an environmental initiative group in Nairobi. It stands for environmental sustainability in Kenya. She also attended "2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference" in November 2021. In the event, she gave her opinion about her country's National Drought emergency and flood in .

Soina joined (UDA) as her first party. She contested on Member of Parliament position. She represented North Kajiado, Kenya in the 13th Parliament of Kenya. Later, on 24 March 2022, she left UDA to join "Green Thinking Action Party" (GTAP). She represented the same position. She moved to GTAP because the party decided to remove nomination fee for women aspirant who join the election in the party.



Xenoblade Chronicles

Xenoblade Chronicles is a series of role-playing games developed by Monolith-Soft and published by Nintendo. There are 4 entries in the series. 

Xenoblade Chronicles (video game)

Xenoblade Chronicles is a 2010 role-playing game developed by Monolith-Soft, and published by Nintendo.

Ayisha Siddiqa

Ayisha Siddiqa is a Pakistani environmentalist. She is from Coney Island, New York City. She is the co-founder of "Fossil Free University" and "PollutersOut!".

Siddiqa started her works when she founded university's branch in May 2019. The organization was doing a strike on the 7th of October 2019 at Lower Manhattan, New York City. The strike was willingly joined by 300,000 people. One of her notable actions was that she doused fake blood on the "Charging Bull" in Wall Street.

In response to the "2019 United Nations Climate Change Conference", she founded "Polluters Out" with Isabella Fallahi and Helena Gualinga. The organization was created because they had realised that fossil fuel industries are playing a big part in the issues. The fossil fuel companies who funded in the event include Endesa, Iberdrola, Banco Santander and Acciona. One of the companies which was affected by this decision was . 

Milka Chepkorir

Milka Chepkorir is an anthropologist, climate and human right activist. Her activism was further known when she represented for living around the . She stood to protect their rights from being forcefully expelled by Kenya Forest Service (KFS).

Her activism started from her high school life. She was widely known only when she became one of fellows for "UN Human Rights Office Indigenous Fellowship Programme" in the year 2016.

Through this fellowship, she attended the 16th in New York. In the event, she reported about the lack of regulations on by the UN. She represented the Forest People's Programme, Natural Justice and 20 other organisations. She also highlighted about the violation of KFS by burning 90 homes of Sengwer people. It started when European Union and World bank started funding them.
Currently, she is working as a Coordinator of "Community Land Action NOW!" (CLAN). She is also working as a Coordinator for "Defending Territories of Life". Besides these, she is also an advisor for Agroecology fund.

Locke &amp; Key

Locke & Key is an American fantasy horror drama television series ,based on the Locke & Key comic-book series by Joe Hill and Gabriel Rodríguez. It was released on Netflix on February 7, 2020. The series stars Darby Stanchfield, Connor Jessup, Emilia Jones, Jackson Robert Scott, Laysla De Oliveira, Petrice Jones, and Griffin Gluck.

In March 2020, Netflix announced that the series had been renewed for a second season which premiered on October 22, 2021. In December 2020, the series was renewed for a third season which is set to be released in 2022.

François de Vendôme, duc de Beaufort

François de Bourbon, Duke of Beaufort (16 January 1616 – 25 June 1669) was the son of César, Duke of Vendôme, and Françoise de Lorraine.

Monika Sadkowska

Monika Emilia Sadkowska is a Polish climate activist, culture expert and actress. She is also a Coordinator of Secretariat for "Forum of Mayors for Just Transition". It is a project from of Poland. She is the co-organizer of "Climate Camp" in Świętno.

Her activism started when she knew about "Comprehensive Economic and Trade Agreement" with "Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership". She was also influenced by "The geopolitics of Hunger book" by Jean Ziegler. 

She is also a co-organizer of first in Poland. It happened in July 2018 on . The event was joined by around 400 people. She also created "Climate Choir" in 2020 with Aleksandra Gryka. The Climate Choir has organized a meeting on the 18 September 2020.

Before becoming an activist, Sadkowska was a vocalist for Żywiołak from 2008 to 2011. Monika was replaced by Izabella Byra on 2008. It was when she was on "maternity leave". Currently, she is working in "WWF Poland" as a coordinator of "Secretariat of the Forum of Mayors for Just Transition". "Forum of Mayors for Just Transition" is a place where mayors exchange information and experience about the process of their town. The process was for leaving coal as a source of energy.

Ferdinand I, Holy Roman Emperor

Ferdinand I (; 10 March 1503 – 25 July 1564) was Holy Roman Emperor from 1556, King of Bohemia, Hungary, and Croatia from 1526, and Archduke of Austria from 1521 to 1564. 

Royal Garden of Prague Castle

The Royal Garden () is an Italian Renaissance garden in Prague Castle. It was created in 1534 based on the project by Emperor Ferdinand I of Habsburg.

St. Vitus Cathedral

The Metropolitan Cathedral of Saints Vitus, Wenceslaus and Adalbert () is a Roman Catholic cathedral in Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic.

Tishiko King

Tishiko King is a campaign director in the . She took part in the "2021 United Nations Climate Change Conference" (COP26) in Glasgow. She also represented the Torres Strait island organization named "Our Islands Our Home". She is originally from Yorke Island in the Torres Strait Islands of Australia.

King studied ocean science at "Griffith University" in South East Queensland. It was possible with the financial help from . It was the Australian agency responsible for scientific research. She then worked as an indigenous communication officer with a bauxite mining company in Weipa, on the Cape York Peninsula in Queensland. She then became the campaign director at "Seed Indigenous Youth Climate Network". She also works as a volunteer impact coordinator with "Environmental Film Festival Australia". She is also a community organizer for "Our Islands, Our Home".

King represented "Seed Indigenous Youth Climate Network" and "Our Islands, Our Home" at the COP26 meeting in Glasgow in November 2021. Due to COVID-19 restrictions, she was one of relatively few Australians to participate in the event. She first got awareness of the impact of climate change when she saw the impact of sea erosion on the graveyard of her ancestors on Masig Island. There was a picking up of their bones for reburial. There was also disappearance of the fishes from traditional fishing grounds. She declared the federal government of Australia as unfit. It was because of the failure to make indigenous people reach net zero emissions by 2050.

Mokry Dwór, Pomeranian Voivodeship

Mokry Dwór (; ) is a village. It is in the district of Gmina Pruszcz Gdański in Gdańsk County, Pomeranian Voivodeship, in northern Poland. It is about north-east of Pruszcz Gdański. It is south-east of Gdańsk, the regional capital.

The village has a population of 218.


Nicole Becker

Nicole "Nicki" Becker is a climate activist from Argentina. She is one of the founders from Jóvenes por el Clima, which is a part of 's movement. She became youth champion for . She is also a "Sanitation and Water for All" (SWA) champion in the year 2021.

Right from the age of 8 years, she joined "Habonim Dror" and also a part of "Ni una menos". Her enviromental activism started during February of 2019. It was when she saw a video on Instagram of young people doing climate march in Europe. "Cause of the first International March for the Climate Crisis" was held on 15th of March, 2019. On the day, Becker, and other friends founded Jóvenes por el Clima. It is a part of on the end of February of 2019. After that, they arranged the march on Argentina. It was joined by 5,000 people. The organisation was pushing Argentinan authorities to do "Climate and Ecological Emergency Declaration". The government finally declared on the 17th of July, 2019. In 2019, she received a grant to attend the UN Climate Conference in Madrid on behalf of the Argentine youth. She represented as a part of "UnaSolaGeneración campaign" on by UNICEF and America Solidaria. She promoted climate change to youth around Latin America and the Caribbean during COVID-19 pandemic. 

On 10 March 2020, the honored her a special distinction because of her contributions to social actions. She was given a diploma and a medal with 21 other women.

Bohnice

Bohnice () is a district in the north of Prague, capital of the Czech Republic. It is located in Prague 8, about 5 km north of city centre. 

Třebonice

Třebonice is a district of Prague, the capital of the Czech Republic. It is part of the "Prague 5" administrative district, and the local government districts of "Prague 13" and "Prague 17". 

The area is 4.58 km, the population is 461 and the population density is 101 inhabitants / km.

House of Braganza-Saxe-Coburg and Gotha

The House of Braganza-Saxe-Coburg and Gotha is a term used to describe the royal house of the Kingdom of Portugal until the declaration of the republic in 1910. Its name came from King Ferdinand II of Portugal (House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha-Koháry) and Queen Maria II of Portugal (House of Braganza).

Hindou Oumarou Ibrahim

Hindou Oumarou Ibrahim is a Chadian environmental activist and geographer. She is the Coordinator of the "Association of Peul Women and Autochthonous Peoples of Chad" (AFPAT). She served as the co-director of the "World Indigenous Peoples’ Initiative and Pavilion" at COP21, COP22 and COP23.

Ibrahim is working on behalf of her people, the Mbororo in Chad. She was educated in Chad's capital city of N'Djamena. She spent her holidays with the indigenous Mbororo people. These people are traditionally nomadic farmers, herding and tending cattle. During her educational courses, she got aware of the discrimination against an indigenous woman. She discovered that her Mbororo people were excluded from the educational opportunities. In 1999, she founded the "Association of Indigenous Peul Women and Peoples of Chad" (AFPAT). It was a community-based organization. It promoted the rights of girls and women in the Mbororo community. It inspired leadership and works in environmental protection. The organization received its operating permission in 2005. Since then, it participated in international negotiations on climate, sustainable development, biodiversity and environmental protection.

LAMP (software bundle)

LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP/Perl/Python) is an acronym that was used for one of the most common software stacks for many of the web's most popular web applications. As of 2022, LAMP refers to a generic software stack. The software used to make up the group is largely interchangeable.

House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha-Koháry

The House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha-Koháry is the Catholic cadet branch of the House of Saxe-Coburg and Gotha. Some of its descendants were the last four kings of Portugal (Pedro V, Luís I, Carlos I, Manuel II) and the last three Tsars of Bulgaria (Ferdinand I, Boris III, Simeon II). 

Sara Cognuck

Sara Cognuck González is a Costa Rican climate activist.
Growing up in the middle of the forests in Peñas Blancas in the Esparza canton, Cognuck developed a connection with nature. This prompted her to work for conservation and sustainable management. She is a natural resource manager, specialising in coastal marine management. For example, she has merged her profession with her activism and has been an activist since she was 16 years old.

Cognuck is a co-founder of "Red de Juventudes y Cambio Climático de Costa Rica" ("Network of Youth and Climate Change of Costa Rica"). She was a youth representative for Costa Rica at the "Asamblea Nacional de la Persona Joven". She was also a member of the Board of Directors of the "Consejo de la Persona Joven" (Youth Council). She led environmental and climate action efforts.

In 2019, Cognuck hosted the first youth event in a PreCOP. She was a part of the team presenting the "Declaratoria Intergubernamental de Juventudes, Niñez y Cambio Climático" (Intergovernmental Declaration on Youth, Children and Climate Change) at COP25. On 3 November 2020, she was one of the speakers at "TEDx PuraVidaJoven2020".

Sunishma Singh

Sunishma Singh is a Fijinese climate activist and influencer.
She was 19-year-old when she was financially helped by "Miss Cal Valley Solar". She participated in the Hibiscus Festival. She credited the festival for giving her the knowledge and skills in managing her time wisely.

Singh is from Nadroga-Navosa. She studied in the University of the South Pacific (USP). She got a Bachelor of Science in Geospatial Information Systems in 2018. She got a postgraduate degree in Climate Change in 2020.

In 2015, she worked for the use of renewable energy to reduce the impact of climate change on the economy. It was also done at the Hibiscus Festival in Suva. Singh has been a Resilience Officer for the "UN-Habitat" (United Nations Human Settlements Program) since 2019. "UN-Habitat" is working in Fiji with the "Accelerator Lab Pacific" to find solutions for the 13 informal settlements in the central and western parts of Fiji (in the municipality of Lami, Sigatoka, Nadi and Lautoka). Its purpose is to develop systems and ways to deal with with food and income for the local population living there. 

Singh served as a youth environmental activist for Fiji at COP25 in Madrid in 2019. In March 2021, she was one of the speakers at the 7th Asia-Pacific Adaptation Forum (APAN).

Prague Zoo

Prague Zoological Garden (Czech: "Zoologická zahrada hl. m. Prahy") is a zoo in Prague, Czech Republic. In 2013, the zoo have with used for exhibits, the zoo have around 5,000 animals from 676 species.

Lucy Hicks Anderson

Lucy Hicks Anderson (1886–1954) was an African-American transgender woman. 
She was born in Waddy, Kentucky. The doctor said she was a boy. As a child, she insisted on wearing dresses to school. Her mother took her to the doctor, the doctor suggested letting Lucy live as a girl. She changed her name to Lucy at 15, and moved away from home. She married Clarence Hicks in 1920, and she divorced him in 1929. She was a chef and a nanny. She hosted fancy parties, and won awards for her cooking. She married Reuben Anderson in 1944, and lived in Oxnard, California. She saved enough money to start a brothel and speakeasy. In 1945 an outbreak of disease was connected to her establishment. All of the people working there had to be examined by a doctor. It was discovered that Lucy was born male. Her husband Reuben Anderson and her were tried for fraud on their marriage license. Lucy had gotten money because of her marriage to a soldier which was also deemed fraud. She was one of the first African-American transgender people to defend her identity in court, she said, “I defy any doctor in the world to prove that I am not a woman. I have lived, dressed, and acted just what I am—a woman.” Lucy and her husband were put on 10 years of probation. She was not allowed to wear anything that was feminine, and her family was banned from Oxnard for 10 years. She moved with her husband to Los Angeles, where she lived until her death in 1954.

Barbara Dane

Barbara Dane (born Barbara Jean Spillman; May 12, 1927) is an American singer. She is known for being a fighter of civil rights, and her opposition against the Vietnam War and discrimination. 

She started her singing career in jazz and blues. Dane later moved activism. She preformed at anti-war protests and marches as well as every big peace demonstration in Washington. As Barbara gained recognition she got invited onto TV shows, and opened her own clubs. In 1966, Barbara Dane became the first U.S. musician to tour post-revolutionary Cuba. She received a cultural honor in Cuba, Barbara was made an honorary member of the Union of Cuban Writers and Artists. In 1969 Barbara Jean and her husband founded Paredon Records, which is a label that was made to publish records of cultural expression, and protests as a way to preserve them. From 1970 to 1985 Dane released 50 albums that documented protest music from around the world. Paredon's music reflects civil rights, women's rights and anti-colonial movements. Barbara believed that if she saw something wrong in the world, the best thing to do was to speak up, and her way of doing that is singing in protest.

Rose Schneiderman

Rose Schneiderman (April 6, 1882 - August 11, 1972) was the president of the New York Women’s Trade League from 1917 to 1949. She was also the president of the National Women’s Trade Union League (WTUL) from 1926 through 1950. She was the first-ever woman elected into a labor union in national office. 

She changed the American labor system and improved the lives of many American workers. In 1933, Franklin Delano Roosevelt put her on the National Labor Advisory Board. She was the only woman on the National Labor Advisory Board. She fought to include domestic workers in social security and for equal pay for female workers. Also, from 1937 to 1943 she was secretary of the New York State Department of Labor. Also, throughout the 1930s and 1940s, she worked to help Jewish refugees escape Europe during the Holocaust. Specifically, she helped relocate Jews to the United States and Palestine. Before becoming president of the New York Women’s Trade League, she was a full-time organizer for the league. She worked in the garments industry. In 1949, she began to spend time writing memoirs and speaking on radio shows. 

Schneiderman was born on April 6, 1882, in Saven, Poland. In 1990, she moved to New York City with her family, and lived on the Lower East Side of Manhattan. Her parents valued education, and she knew Yiddish, English, Hebrew, and Russian. Her father died at an early age, so she left school to support her family. She first worked at a department store, then found better paying work at a garment factory.

In the later 1930's through the 1940's, Schneiderman worked to became very involved in moving European Jews to both Palestine and the United States. This worked was praised by Albert Einstein, and he is quoted saying,It must be a source of deep gratification to you to be making so important a contribution to rescuing our persecuted fellow Jews from their calamitous peril and leading them toward a better future. - Albert Einstein, 1939

The Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire caused an outburst of anger from labor activists demanding safer work environments and better safety requirements for workplaces. In the aftermath of the Triangle Shirtwaist Factory fire, in which 146 workers died trapped in the burning building, Schneiderman presented a speechI would be a traitor to these poor burned bodies if I came here to talk good fellowship. We have tried you good people of the public - and we have found you wanting...This is not the first time girls have been burned alive in the city. Every week I must learn of the untimely death of one of my sister workers. Every year thousands of us are maimed. The life of men and women is so cheap and property is so sacred. There are so many of us for one job it matters little if 143 of us are burned to death. - Rose Schneiderman, 1909This further strengthened her role as an activist for women's labor unions.

Schneiderman helped start the in 1911, then later toured in Ohio during 1912 during the 1912 Ohio women's suffrage vote. She also participated in a tour sponsored by the National Woman Suffrage Association. In 1917, after lots of work from Schneiderman and other suffragettes, the right to vote was given to New York Women. Her campaign and activism during World War I to stop the New York state assembly from suspending labor laws that protected women caused conservative members of the state legislature to dislike her. She was called “the Red Rose of Anarchy” by many of those conservative members.

Schneiderman became friends with Eleanor Roosevelt through the New York Women's Trade Union League. She often came over to dinner with the Roosevelts, and helped Roosevelt connect to the working class. Schneiderman helped Franklin Delano Roosevelt come up with labor laws.

The woman worker needs bread, but she needs roses too - Rose Schneiderman, 1911This quote became a representation of what Schneiderman worked for her whole career. She worked tirelessly for basic human rights, like living wages, better hours of work, and better working conditions. Roses represented the extra, but still very important things she worked for in her life. Roses would include schools, more job opportunities, enjoyment of the arts, and exercise facilities.

The phrase also became the name and lyrics of a song written by John Oppenheim and Farina Mimi, performed by Judy Collins and John Dever, among other artists.

Norma Meras Swenson

Norma Meras Swenson (born 1932 as Norma Meras) is an expert on health for mothers and children. She started the organization Our Bodies, Ourselves (OBOS) along with thirteen other women. It which aims to educate women about women's health including, birth control, contraceptives, and reproductive and sexual health. Swenson co-authored the organization's book "Our Bodies, Ourselves" and currently serves as the chair for their Latina Health Initiative Committee. In this position, she works with female rights activists to help solve Puerto Rico's humanitarian crisis (an event that puts many people in danger) and with groups and individual Latina people who have needed to leave their homelands. Swenson also helped lead three women-led acts: maternity care, feminist health and sexuality, and global health and human rights. During the United Nations' World Conferences on Women, Swenson was a representative for OBOS. She helped shape and create the information about reproductive and sexual health that is accessible today. 

Norma Meras Swenson went to the Boston Girls' Latin Day School and graduated in the Tufts University class of 1953.

Before joining Our Bodies Ourselves (formerly called the Boston Women's Health Collective), Swenson served as the president of the International Childbirth Education Association. She is the tenth founder of OBOS. In 1970 they published a booklet called "Women and Their Bodies," which Swenson co-authored. A year later, it was republished as a book, "Our Bodies, Ourselves". For over twenty years, Swenson worked at at Harvard's T.H. Chan School of Public Health. She taught medical students about issues involving women's health and reproductive rights as well as gender. Swenson is a board member of Refugee Place, an organization located at the center of the Ebola outbreak in Liberia. The organization helps with care for mothers and children. She also co-taught the Graduate Consortium in Women's Studies at MIT.


Swenson co-authored "Women and Their Bodies" (later "Our Bodies, Ourselves") along with the other founding members of the Boston Women's Health Collective. 

Miné Okubo

Miné Okubo (June 27, 1912 – February 10, 2001) was an American artist during World War II. She drew over one thousand sketches of her time in the Japanese American internment camps. Many were turned into formal paintings and went on to win many prizes. Her sketches and artworks gave a lot of information about what is was like in the internment camps.

In 1912, Miné Okubo was born in 1912 in Riverside, California. Her parents were both Japanese immigrants who had entered the United States twelve years before. They worked in the St. Louis Exposition of Arts and Crafts; Okubo's mother being a calligrapher and her father was a scholar. Later, her mother raising seven children and her father became a gardener. She attended Riverside Junior College in 1931, Graduated UC Berkeley with Bachelor of Arts degree in art in 1935, and again with Master of Arts degree in art and anthropology in 1936. She won the Berthat Taussig Traveling Art Fellowship, so she was able to study art for two-years in Europe. However, with the rise of Nazi Germany and the starting of World War II, she escaped back to the States when she still had six months left on her fellowship.After Japan attacked Pearl Harbor on December 7, 1941, President Roosevelt sent Japanese American immigrants and their children to internment camps. During Okubo's time in the internment camps, she drew sketches of how life was, which included day-to-day activities such as having to share restrooms, being bored every day, and living in undesirable conditions. She made over a thousand drawings, which she compiled together into a novel called "Citizen 13660." "Citizen 13660" was published in 1946, and was the first primary source of the Japanese American internment camp experience. Miné Okubo is most known for her novel "Citizen 13660," but she was an important and prolific artist who kept drawing until her death in 2001.

Katsi Cook

Sherrill Elizabeth Tekatsitsiakawa “Katsi” (pronounced “Gudji”) Cook  (January 4, 1952 - ) Katsi Cook is a Native American who is a part of the Native Mohawk tribe. 

She is a midwife--someone who helps women give birth--and an environmental and indigenous activist. She worked at the First Environment Collaborative. There, she helped found the Akwesasne Mothers’ Milk Project in 1985. This was to help educate others (such as leaders or people of authority) on how toxic chemicals have affected the Mohawk tribe, especially mothers’ milk. Cook is also an executive director of the Spirited Aligned Organization--an organization that helps strengthen the Native community--in the early 2000s. At the Spirited Aligned Organization, she focuses on making sure that indigenous people and the organization are recognized and have a voice. She also serves as an ambassador for indigenous women's and girls’ land. In 2018, Cook partnered with the Elders Council of the Indigenous Justice Division of Ontario. This was in response to the Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada, an organization bringing awareness to Canada’s residential schools. The Canadian government had stripped kids of their parents and their culture. As these schools tried to Christianize indigenous people, they also physically and sexually abused them. At least thousands of children never came back home after being sent to these residential schools. TRC (Truth and Reconciliation Commission of Canada) brings survivors and families to talk about their experiences to bring attention to the abuse against indigenous people. 

Velma Hopkins

Velma Hopkins (February 24, 1909 – March 19, 1996) was a labor rights activist.

She was a member of Local 22 of the Food, Tobacco, Agricultural, and Allied Workers of America-CIO (FTA). During the 1940s, she helped organize and lead a labor campaign agent R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. This campaign fought for better working conditions and pay for African American workers who experienced long hours in hot working conditions while breathing in tobacco dust. Hopkins helped lead a protest that over 10,000 workers attended. Apart from that, she also helped organize a labor strike. The work she did inspired many other people such as State Sen. Earline Parmon. Parmon says she partly owns her career to Hopkins as her work not only helped people who were directly affected by R.J. Reynolds Tobacco Co. but also expanded to other social justice issues such as voting rights and integration. 

Emma Gee

Emma Gee was a Chinese-American activist. She was one of the founders of the Asian American Political Alliance (AAPA). The AAPA was the first organization that used the term “Asian American” to describe themselves. Gee was also the editor of “Counterpoint: Perspectives on Asian America”, a collection of essays and thinking about and exploring Asian Americans’ experiences. 

Eveline Shen

Eveline Shen (born 1968) is the Chinese-American director of Forward Together. After she started to lead in 1999, the organization has been in the spotlight of reproductive justice. Forward Together helps women of color, especially those in the Asian community, with their reproductive health.

Helen Zia

Helen Zia (Chinese: 謝漢蘭; 1952) is a queer Chinese American journalist, activist and author. She is an activist for both Asian American and LGBTQ+ rights. 
Considered a big figure in Asian American activism, she had a huge role in getting justice for Vincent Chin. Vincent Chin was a Chinese-American. He was killed while working. 

Zia has also written six books. One book she co-wrote is My Country Versus Me. Zia wrote the book with Wen Ho Lee. My Country Versus Me is about Wen Ho Lee’s unfair arrest. Another book she’s written is Asian American Dreams: The Emergence of An American People. The book is about the Asian-American population growing. Other works by her include, Last Boat Out of Shanghai, Notable Asian Americans, Asian American Studies Now and One Way or Another: Asian American Art Now. 

Zia also worked as an executive editor at Ms. Magazine. Ms. Magazine is a feminist magazine. She also wrote some articles for other companies. Helen Zia also started a nonprofit with another person. The nonprofit is called American Citizens for Justice (ACP). The nonprofit helps people who’ve faced/are facing discrimination. Zia was also an expert witness on Hollingsworth v. Perry. Hollingsworth v. Perry was a Supreme court case for LGBTQ+ rights. Today, Helen Zia is married and continues to speak out. 

Hilda Jensen

Hilda Reyes Jensen (née Reyes) was a former Brown Beret. She was a big contributor to the Chicano movement and women's rights within the movement. Jensen joined the Brown Berets when she was 14 years old. A photographer took a picture of her wearing a bandolier. The photo became the face of the Brown Beret movement. The image was put on posters, buttons, books and more things to raise funds for the Brown Berets. Because of the sexist environment of the Brown Berets, Jensen ended up leaving the it and forming a new movement with other former Brown Beret women called Las Adelitas de Aztlán. Unfortunately, violence occurred at a rally leaving many protestors dead, in the same year Las Adelitas de Aztlán fell apart. Jensen decided not to ever join an organization again because of the lives that had been lost. 

Sylvia Woods

Sylvia Woods (March 15, 1909) was an African American labor rights activist. During the Great Depression, Woods fought for the rights of both black workers and white workers. She also fought for racial and sexual equality in the work force. She did so by organizing sit-down strikes and other protests at the laundry she worked at. Woods was one of the organizers of the Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO). She helped to establish United Autoworkers local (UAW) in Bendix. Because of her efforts, the local UAW passed rules to stop discrimination based on sex. Woods was also one of the organizers of the Congress of Industrial Organizations (CIO). Woods was also the chair of the Chicago Committee to Free Angela Davis. Angela Davis was an African American politician who was in prison for crimes she didn't commit.

Sylvia Woods was born in New Orleans. Some of her views on life and labor rights were inspired by her father, a follower of Marcus Garvey and a military trade unionist. When Woods was 16, she moved to Chicago to find work. Due to the Great Depression, jobs were hard to get. Woods still managed to get a job at the Great Western Laundry on the Near West Side. Later on, she would stage her first strike at the laundry.

New Zealand bellbird

The New Zealand bellbird ("Anthornis melanura"), also known by its Māori names korimako and makomako, is a genus of passerine bird. It is from New Zealand. It is green and the only species in its genus, "Anthornis" that is not extinct.


Blueprint for Robbery

Blueprint for Robbery is a 1961 American crime movie directed by Jerry Hooper and starring J. Pat O'Reilly, Robert J. Wilke, Robert Gist, Henry Corden, Tom Duggan, Joe Conley, Marion Ross. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Easy Come, Easy Go (1947 movie)

Easy Come, Easy Go is a 1947 American drama movie. John Farrow directed it. Barry Fitzgerald, Sonny Tufts, Diana Lynn, Dick Foran, Frank McHugh, Allen Jenkins, Arthur Shields, Frank Faylen, and Ida Moore acted in it. Paramount Pictures distributed it.


Zeinab Mokalled

Zeinab Mokalled () alias Mahmoud Makled Noureddine alias Mrs. Umm Nasser is a Lebanese educator, environmental activist and human rights defender.

At the beginning of the 70s, the first civil society was established in the village of Arabsalim. It was under the name of "The Working Women's Association". As a result of the exacerbation of the garbage problem in the village, it reached its climax in 1995. It was with the state’s neglect of it under the complex political circumstances. Mokalled and a number of village women decided to solve this problem by establishing the “Arabsalim Women Gathering” association. The association later turned into “Nida al-Ard". It was registered as a civil organization in 1998. In cooperation with the volunteers and her friend Khadija Farhat, who bought an old truck, they collected wastes from the village's homes for $40 per year from each contributor. Then, they sort the recyclable wastes into a simulated home garden. The reason for success of the garbage recycling project managed by Mokalled was that the village was not affected by the waste problems in Lebanon that occurred in 2015. Before her retirement in 2000, Mokalled established a public library at Nabatiyeh High School for Girls.

Lina Al-Tarawneh

Lina Nayel Al-Tarawneh () is a Jordanian-Qatari climate activist.

Lina Al-Tarawneh has Jordanian nationality but she was born in Qatar. She lived in Doha and studied "medicine" at Qatar University. In 2015, she and her parents made a trip to Al Khor Island (also known as Purple Island) about 50 kilometers north of Doha. There, she saw the mangroves for the first time. She fell in love with the beautiful region. She discovered that few people in Qatar knew this region. She also saw that there was a lot of litter. So, she decided to do something about it. In October 2016, Al-Tarawneh applied and won a competition called the "Harvard Social Innovation Collaborative Global Trailblazer". The program gave five young entrepreneurs from around the world the opportunity to present their ideas at the annual "Igniting Innovation Summit on Social Entrepreneurshipat Harvard University". Together with her elder sister Dina, she founded the NGO "Green Mangroves" in 2017. After receiving a $15,000 of grant from the Ford Motor Company in 2017, she invested in the NGO. It was through the purchase of kayaks. The association organizes kayak trips with the aim of clearing litter.

Juan de Fuca Plate

The Juan De Fuca Plate is a small tectonic plate. It was created from the Juan de Fuca Ridge which is sinking underneath the western side of the North American Plate. 

The plate is west of the American states of Washington and Oregon and the Canadian province of British Columbia. Both the plate and ridge are named after the explorer of the same name. It is the smallest tectonic plate in the world. The second smallest tectonic plate (the Scotia plate) is 6.6 times larger.

Brainfuck

The brainfuck programming language is an esoteric (weird and unusual) programming language. It was created by Urban Müller in 1993. It has eight instructions (commands) which operate (do things on) a tape. Instructions are done one by one, in order. The tape has multiple sections. Each section is a number. Each section is, in the beginning, zero. Brainfuck is like a Turing machine. 

If the current section is not zero, these three commands subtract one until the current section is zero. Otherwise, they leave it at zero. 
These five commands first add three to the current section. Then, they subtract two from the current section. Since formula_1, these five commands are the same as "+" alone. 

As a result of brainfuck's fame, many derivatives (versions) of brainfuck have been created. These include Brain-Flak, pbrain, and tinyBF. Most are also Turing complete, just like brainfuck.

Quebec (1951 movie)

Quebec is a 1951 American historical adventure movie directed by George Templeton and starring John Drew Barrymore, Corinne Calvet, Barbara Bush, Patric Knowles, John Hoyt. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Man-Trap

Man-Trap is a 1961 American crime thriller movie directed by first time director Edmond O'Brien and starring Jeffrey Hunter, David Janssen, Stella Stevens, Elaine Devry, Virginia Gregg, Hugh Sanders, Bob Crane, Perry Lopez, Frank Albertson. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Rolando Hinojosa-Smith

Rolando Hinojosa (January 21, 1929 – April 19, 2022) was an American novelist, essayist and poet. He was the Ellen Clayton Garwood professor in the English Department at the University of Texas at Austin. He was born in Mercedes, Texas. He was known for his "Klail City Death Trip Series,". Hinojosa was the first Chicano author to win Premio Casa de las Américas award.

Hinojosa-Smith died on April 19, 2022 at the age of 93.



Viktor Zvyahintsev

Viktor Oleksandrovych Zvyahintsev (, ; 22 October 1950 – 22 April 2022) was a Ukrainian footballer. He was born in Stalino, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union. He played as a defender. He mainly played for FC Shakhtar Donetsk. His career lasted from 1968 until 1981.

Zvyahintsev played for the Soviet Union national football team thirteen times from 1975 until 1976. He won a bronze medal at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Zvyahintsev died on 22 April 2022, aged 71.

Ashish Jha

Ashish Kumar Jha (born December 31, 1970) is an Indian American general internist physician and academic. He was a Dean at the Brown University School of Public Health. He was also a professor at Harvard University and a Senior Advisor at Albright Stonebridge Group. Jha's role at Brown University focuses on improving the quality and cost of health care, and on the impact of public health policy.

On March 17, 2022, US President Joe Biden announced that Jha would replace Jeffrey Zients as White House COVID-19 Response Coordinator. Jha took office on April 5, 2022. 

Madhubani, India

Madhubani is a city in the Indian state of Bihar. The word "Madhuban" means "forest of honey".

Firstborn (1984 movie)

Firstborn is a 1984 American psychological drama movie directed by Michael Apted and starring Teri Garr, Peter Weller, Corey Haim, Christopher Collet, Sarah Jessica Parker, Robert Downey Jr.. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Scinax squalirostris

The striped snouted tree frog ("Scinax squalirostris") is a frog that lives in Brazil, Argentina, Uruguay and Paraguay.

Nina Hillman

, known professionally as Nina Hillman, is an American-Japanese actress, idol singer and model. She made her debut in the Japanese group NiziU in December of 2020.

Hillman was born on February 27, 2005 in Seattle, Washington, United States. She was born to a Japanese mother and an American father of French descent. She is the youngest of two siblings and has an older sister. Her family moved to Japan in 2018.

While at ACT (A Contemporary Theatre), Nina starred as Trixie in "Cat on a Hot Tin Roof" (2015). Nina was the understudy for the musical theatre performance "The Secret Garden" for the role of Mary Lennox.
Nina participated in JYP Entertainment's reality survival program Nizi Project where she competed against 12 finalists to secure a spot in the label's next girl group. Coming in ninth place, she went on to join the new girl group, which was later revealed to be named NiziU.

Baby It's You (movie)

Baby It's You is a 1983 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by John Sayles and starring Rosanna Arquette, Vincent Spano, Joanna Merlin, Leora Dana, Bill Raymond, Liane Curtis, Matthew Modine, Robert Downey Jr.. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


The Ice Age Adventures of Buck Wild

The Ice Age Adventures of Buck Wild is a 2022 American computer animated comedy adventure film directed by John C. Donkin and produced by 20th Century Animation. It's a spin-off to the Ice Age franchise. It stars Simon Pegg reprising his role of Buck with Seann William Scott and Josh Peck being replaced with Vincent Tong and Aaron Harris as Crash and Eddie with Justina Machado and Utkarsh Ambudkar joining them voicing new characters. It focuses on Buck, Crash, Eddie and Buck's old love interest Zee trying to protect the Dinosaur World from a dwarf talking Triceratop named Orson that wants to rule the place with his Raptors.

It premiered on Disney+ on 28 January 2022.

One month after the events of "" (2016), Buck is back in the Lost World and continues protecting the place from rogue dinosaurs until his old nemesis Orson, a talking dwarf Triceratop with a big brain, comes back for revenge and wants to rule the Lost World, getting ride of all mammals in it and avoiding every mammal to enter in there. Crash and Eddie, that wanted to prove theimselves and living with Buck to live an adventerous life, and his love interest and former teammate Zee found theimselves forced to help him as they must stop Orson from killing all mammals.

Fantasia and Fugue in C minor, BWV 906

The Fantasia and Fugue in C minor (BWV 906) is a musical work for keyboard by Johann Sebastian Bach. It has two movements. The first movement is a fantasia. The second movement is a fugue. The fugue is not finished. The work is written in the galant style.

The work is written on two autograph manuscripts. One of the manuscripts only has the fantasia. The other manuscript has the fantasia and the unfinished fugue. The Fantasia may have been written around 1728-1730. The Fugue may have been written around 1738.

The fantasia is written in the sonata form. It has hand-crossings and triplets.

The fugue is not finished. It ends after forty-seven bars. The fugue has hand-crossings as well. It has the most hand-crossings of any Bach fugue.


Britannia Stadium

The Britannia Stadium, otherwise known as the bet365 Stadium for sponsorship reasons, is an association football stadium in Stoke-on-Trent. It is the home of Stoke City F.C.

The Wonderful Wizard of Oz (1910 movie)

The Wonderful Wizard of Oz is a 1910 American silent fantasy movie directed by Otis Turner and was based on the 1900 novel of the same name by L. Frank Baum. It stars Bebe Daniels and the movie is currently in archive.


Gohan

Gohan is an anime and manga fictional character in the "Dragon Ball" universe. He is one of the main protagonists of the "Dragon Ball" series. Gohan is the son of Chi-Chi and Goku, the brother of Goten, the husband of Videl and the father of Pan. Gohan is a human and Saiyan hybrid. He was created by Akira Toriyama.

Gohan is also a part of movies, video games and merchandise based on the franchise.

Gohan first appears as a normal human child. He wears a red hat that has a four star dragon ball on top of it. As a child, Gohan has a tail. Gohan wanders around the forest until he meets a tiger. The tiger steals his hat and runs away. As the tiger runs away, it becomes on a branch near a waterfall. Before Goku can save it. the tiger falls. It appears that the tiger jumped off the branch. This is a relief to Goku.

Gohan and Goku arrive at Kame house to meet Master Roshi, Krillin, Bulma and Mr. Turtle. Their celebration ended when Goku's older brother, Raditz, takes Gohan away. Goku and Piccolo form an alliance to save Gohan and defeat Raditz. He is too powerful for them to beat. Gohan does not want to see his father get hurt any further. This causes him to headbutt Raditz. The headbutt damages Raditz's armor but Gohan is knocked unconscious.

After the defeat of Raditz, Gohan was taken away by Piccolo to train for upcoming saiyan arrival. After six months of surviving in the woods, Gohan trains with Piccolo in the martial arts. 

The day the saiyans arrived, Gohan and other "Dragon Ball Z" fighters were ready. After the death of Yamcha and destruction of the saibamen, the saiyan warrior Nappa fights Gohan, Tien, Piccolo, Krillin and Chiotzu .Chiotzu and Tien died. This left Gohan, Krillin and Piccolo as Earth's last defenders.

Beta (finance)

Beta is a financial measurement of an assets' sensitivity to a certain weight. Typically, this weight is the S&P 500. Beta uses past performance, and cannot predict future results. 


Beta is calculated by dividing the covariance of returns between the index, and the stock, to the variance for the index returns.

Future Trunks

Future Trunks is a fictional character of the "Dragon Bal"l franchise. He is the son of Bulma and Vegeta. Trunks is the only fighter of his timeline.

Future Trunks is mainly seen in "Dragon Ball Super".

Trunks was first shown as a baby when the heart virus killed Goku and the androids #18 and #17 killed most of the fighters. Trunks and his master Gohan were the only fighters that were not killed. Trunks trained to become Super Saiyan. He did this so he could fight the androids. 

Trunks and Gohan decided to fight the androids but again the androids won. Gohan lost an arm in the fight. Trunks tried to transform into a Super Saiyan but he failed. Trunks tried to stop Gohan from fighting the androids alone but was knocked out by his master to keep him safe. Trunks woke up and learned that that Gohan had went to fight the androids alone. When Trunks got to the scene of the fight. he found Gohan was dead. This was what was needed for him to change into a Super Saiyan. 

Three years later, Trunks prepared himself for the fight against the androids. His mother, Bulma, created a time machine that was to be used if Trunks fails. Trunks fought the androids with Super Saiyan power. He did well for a time but he eventually fails and had to escape. He returned to capsule Corp and planned to go back to the past and change it. This would also change his present time.

Gardens of Versailles

The Gardens of Versailles ( ) is a garden of the château of Versailles. Most of the garden is designed by landscape architect André Le Nôtre.

Trunks (Dragon Ball)

Trunks is a fictional character appearing in the Dragon Ball franchise. He's the son of Bulma and Vegeta.
Trunks appears as a major character in Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball Super. He also appears in many spinoff videogames and merchandise. 

Pedrie Wannenburg

Pedrie Johannes Wannenburg (2 January 1981 – 22 April 2022) was a South African rugby union player. He was a flanker. He played for the South African national team from 2002 to 2007. He played for the Bulls in Super Rugby. He also played for Irish side Ulser and French teams Castres Olympique and Oyonnax.

After moving to the United States, he played for the Denver Stampede and Austin Elite / Gilgronis. He was later on the Austin Elite's coaching staff.

Wannenburg was born in Nelspruit (now Mbombela). He was married to Evette and had two children.

On 22 April 2022, Wannenburg died when his car was struck by a teenaged suspect being trailed by police during a highspeed chase in Houston, Texas, US. He was 41.


Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's

Yu-Gi-Oh 5Ds,is a spin-off series of the original Yu-Gi-Oh franchise. It follows the protagonist Yusei Fudo on adventure, first to get his Stardust dragon back then many other adventures throughout the series.

Yu-Gi-Oh! 5D's composes of many song sets and was aired at the specific time.

Yusei Fudo, tests his duel runner and his friend Riley gives him a chip. Meanwhile the world champ Jack easily beats him.

Warsaw Stock Exchange

The Warsaw Stock Exchange (WSE), () is a stock exchange in Warsaw, Poland. It has a market capitalisation of PLN 1.05 trillion (EUR 232 billion; as of December 23, 2020).

CD Projekt

CD Projekt S.A. () is a Polish video game developer, publisher and distributor based in Warsaw, Poland. The company was founded in May 1994 by Marcin Iwiński and Michał Kiciński. 

GOG.com

GOG.com (Good Old Games) is a digital distribution platform for video games and movies. It is owned by CD Projekt based in Warsaw, Poland. GOG.com lets user download DRM-free video games through its platform for Microsoft Windows, macOS and Linux.

Max Fincham

Max Fincham (born 28 June 2004 in London, England) is an English actor. He is known for playing Isaac Mensah in the BBC One drama miniseries "Dark Money", Thomas in the American television series "The Alienist", Young Tim Goodman in "" and for voicing the title character in the animated series "Ricky Zoom". In 2021, he began playing Jerome Hall in the Apple TV science fiction series "Invasion".

Nadiad

Nadiad is a city in the state of Gujarat, India. It is also the administrative center of the Kheda district. The city is managed by the Nadiad municipal corporation. It is known for the santram mandir, the mai mandir, the historic swaminarayana temple built in 1824, and the anand and hari om ashram.

Red Dead Redemption 2

Red Dead Redemption 2 is an American 
Western themed video game. It is part of the "Red Dead" series and a prequel to "Red Dead Redemption".
It was released on October 26, 2018.

Michigan State Trunkline Highway System

The State Trunkline Highway System is all the state highways in Michigan. The system is controlled by the Michigan Department of Transportation (MDOT). 

Go, Diego, Go!

Go, Diego, Go! is an American animated educational interactive children's television series that premiered on Nickelodeon on September 6, 2005 in the United States. It is a spin-off of "Dora the Explorer", as both were created and executive produced by Chris Gifford and Valerie Walsh Valdes, and follows Dora's cousin Diego, an 8-year-old boy whose adventures frequently involve rescuing animals and protecting their environment.

The series aired for five seasons consisting of 80 episodes in total premiered in primetime on Nickelodeon on Tuesday, September 6, 2005 at 8:00 p.m. The show aired in reruns on "Nick on CBS" for 11 months and 3 weeks from September 17, 2005 to September 9, 2006.

The show features an eight-year-old boy named Diego (voiced by Jake T. Austin, Seasons 1-3; Matt Hunter, Season 4; Brandon Zambrano, Season 5), who helps animals in danger, mainly in the rainforest. His cousin is Dora (voiced by Kathleen Herles) from "Dora the Explorer", as revealed in multiple episodes. Diego was first introduced in an episode of "Dora the Explorer" entitled "Meet Diego!" (originally voiced by brothers Andres and Felipe Dieppa). Dora makes several appearances throughout the series, usually without Boots by her side.


Dora and Friends: Into the City!

Dora and Friends: Into the City! (also simply known as Dora and Friends) is an American educational children's flash animated television series. A sequel to the original "Dora the Explorer" series, this series premiered on Nickelodeon on August 18, 2014, and ended on February 5, 2017, in the United States, followed by its Canadian premiere on September 6, 2014, on Treehouse TV.

The series features Dora as a 10-year-old girl and attends school and lives in the city of Playa Verde, California. She has five friends: Kate (who loves art), Emma (who loves music), Alana (who loves sports and animals), Naiya (who is smart and enjoys reading), and Pablo (who enjoys playing soccer). Together, Dora and her friends work together and go on adventures while discovering the secrets of their city. Dora has a magical charm bracelet that helps her get through objects in the way and a smartphone, complete with an app version of the previous series' map to aid her.

"Dora and Friends: Into the City!" is a spin-off of the popular children's show "Dora the Explorer." The pilot episode, titled "Dora's Explorer Girls: Our First Concert," aired in August 2011. The spin-off features Dora as a 10-year-old who embarks on city adventures with a new group of friends. The series premiered on Nickelodeon in August 2014 and was animated using Toon Boom Harmony. It ran for two seasons, totaling 40 episodes, and was canceled in February 2017. Reruns of the show continue to air on the Nick Jr. Channel.

Harashim

Harashim (, ) is a village in northern Israel.

This place is located in the Upper Galilee region to the north of Karmiel. It falls under the jurisdiction of Misgav Regional Council in the Northern District. In it had a population of . Its elevation is . Harashim is the wettest settlement in Israel.

The village was established in 1980. It was made as part of the Galilee plan to encourage Jewish settlement in the region. Its name comes from nearby Tel Harashim, an Iron Age Jewish village where it is believed the inhabitants worked as blacksmiths.

Harashim has a Mediterranean climate (Köppen climate classification: "Csa") with hot, dry summers and cool, rainy and occasionally snowy winters. The village receives of precipitation per year. Summers are rainless and hot with an average high temperature of and an average low temperature of . Winters are cool and wet, and precipitation is occasionally in the form of snow. Winters have an average high temperature of and an average low temperature of . Harashim is the wettest inhabited place in Israel.

Audubon, Minnesota

Audubon is a city in Becker County, Minnesota, United States.

Callaway, Minnesota

Callaway is a city in Becker County, Minnesota, United States.

Frazee, Minnesota

Frazee is a city in Becker County, Minnesota, United States.

Lake Park, Minnesota

Lake Park is a city in Becker County, Minnesota, United States.

Ogema, Minnesota

Ogema is a city in Becker County, Minnesota, United States.

Wolf Lake, Minnesota

Wolf Lake is a city in Becker County, Minnesota, United States.

Funkley, Minnesota

Funkley is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States.

Kelliher, Minnesota

Kelliher is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States.

Solway, Minnesota

Solway is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States.

Tenstrike, Minnesota

Tenstrike is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States.

Turtle River, Minnesota

Turtle River is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States.

Wilton, Minnesota

Wilton is a city in Beltrami County, Minnesota, United States.

Gilman, Minnesota

Gilman is a city in Benton County, Minnesota, United States.

Rice, Minnesota

Rice is a city in Benton County, Minnesota, United States.

Sauk Rapids, Minnesota

Sauk Rapids is a city in Benton County, Minnesota, United States.

Apple Valley, Minnesota

Apple Valley is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States. It is home of the state-owned Minnesota Zoo.

Burnsville, Minnesota

Burnsville is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Coates, Minnesota

Coates is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Farmington, Minnesota

Farmington is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Hampton, Minnesota

Hampton is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Inver Grove Heights, Minnesota

Inver Grove Heights is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Lakeville, Minnesota

Lakeville is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Lilydale, Minnesota

Lilydale is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Mendota, Minnesota

Mendota is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Mendota Heights, Minnesota

Mendota Heights is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Miesville, Minnesota

Miesville is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

New Trier, Minnesota

New Trier is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Randolph, Minnesota

Randolph is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Rosemount, Minnesota

Rosemount is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

South St. Paul, Minnesota

South St. Paul is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Sunfish Lake, Minnesota

Sunfish Lake is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Vermillion, Minnesota

Vermillion is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

West St. Paul, Minnesota

West St. Paul is a city in Dakota County, Minnesota, United States.

Golden Triangle (Mississippi)

The Golden Triangle (GTR) is a region in the east central portion of the U.S. state of Mississippi. The "triangle" is formed by the cities of Columbus, Starkville, and West Point but the region is often more broadly-defined to include all of Clay, Lowndes, and Oktibbeha counties and sometimes additional surrounding communities and counties as well.

Basilica of Our Lady Help of Christians, Turin

The Basilica of Our Lady Help of Christians () is a church in Turin, Italy.

Brewster's Millions (1914 movie)

Brewster's Millions is a 1914 American comedy movie directed by Cecil B. DeMille and Oscar Apfel and is the first adaption of the 1902 novel of the same name by George Barr McCutcheon and the 1906 play of the same name. It stars Edward Abeles, Joseph Singleton, Sydney Deane, Dick La Reno, Monroe Salisbury and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It is a lost movie.

2021 Fijian presidential election

Indirect presidential elections were held in Fiji on 22 October 2021, in which members of parliament elected the president.

Wiliame Katonivere was nominated as the FijiFirst government's candidate by Prime Minister Frank Bainimarama, while Teimumu Kepa was nominated by Opposition Whip Lynda Tabuya. Katonivere was able to gain the support of a majority of MPs in the first round of voting, defeating Kepa by 28 votes to 23. An opposition MP, Mosese Bulitavu of SODELPA, also voted for Katonivere.

Two former prime ministers weighed in on the appointment; Mahendra Chaudhry called on the nominees to be disqualified, citing Section 83 (1) (c) of the 2013 constitution, which requires that the holder of the office not be affiliated with any political party as Katonivere was the incumbent president of FijiFirst party, and Kepa was a member of SODELPA. Meanwhile Sitiveni Rabuka praised Katonivere's appointment, adding that it showed that the people still have respect for the chiefly system of Fiji.

May Ying Chen

May Ying Chen (born 1948) is a labor organizer who specializes in immigrant workers rights. For more than twenty years, she has been actively advocating for immigrant and women’s worker rights. 
Born and raised in Boston, MA, she went to Radcliffe College, receiving a BA, and UCLA attaining her MA in Education. After her graduation, she worked as a high school and adult education teacher while staying in California. 
She founded a day care center that aimed on employing mainly immigrant women. Chen also taught Asian and Asian American Studies at California State University. After being inspired by the Third World Liberation movement in California from 1968-1969, Chen started her own labor movement in 1983 where she was a member in the International Ladies Garment Workers Union’s(ILGWU) and later worked on the ILGWU Immigration Project in 1984. Working on The Immigrant Project, Chen helped thousands of members apply for U.S. citizenship, sponsorship petitions on behalf of relatives, among other things. Chen began a full-time position at Local 23-25’s Education Department in 1989. She worked on numerous things like coordinating labor education programs, English and Civics classes, voter registration and political action projects and various other union and community activities for members. She also became active in other labor-related groups. She served on the Coalition of Labor Union Women’s National Executive Board from 1984 to 1993. She also participated in the Asian Labor Committee of New York City Central Labor Council and was a founding member and officer of AFL-CIO’s Asian Pacific American Labor Alliance(APALA). Up until June 2009 when she retired, Chen served as the International Vice President of UNITE HERE, manager of Local 23-25 and as Secretary of the New York Metropolitan Area Joint Board.

2018 Myanmar presidential election

An indirect presidential by-election was held in Myanmar on 28 March 2018. It was after the resignation of Htin Kyaw. Members of the Assembly of the Union voted for his replacement.

The election was the first by-election presidential election held under the 2008 constitution.

Win Myint was elected president.

Under the 2008 constitution, Myanmar has a President, and two Vice-Presidents. They are elected by the Pyidaungsu Hluttaw, the national legislature.

The Pyidaungsu Hluttaw consists of two chambers, Pyithu Hluttaw, and Amyotha Hluttaw. Most seats are directly elected. But a quarter of the seats in both chambers are appointed by the Tatmadaw.

The Presidential Electoral College is made up of three committees:


Win Myint was nominated by the committee from Pyithu Hluttaw. He was a member of that house from the Tamwe Township. He was also the Speaker. Thaung Aye, a member of the Pyithu Hluttaw from the Pyawbwe Township, was nominated by the USDP.

The nomination election occurred on 23 March 2018.

Seven Pyithu Hluttaw seats were vacant.

Myint Swe (USDP) and Henry Van Thio (NLD) were the Vice-Presidents, and therefore became candidates.

Fine art

A fine art is an art for aesthetics or creativity. It has to have some sort of practical meaning. 




List of most expensive artworks by living artists

This is a list of the most expensive pieces of art made by artists that are still alive.

The highest price for a piece of art by a living artist was for Jasper Johns's 1958 painting "Flag". It was sold privately for what is thought to be $110 million USD ($ million in dollars).

This is a list of highest prices paid for an artist when they were living when the sale happened.
This is a list of the most expensive pieces of art at the time in an auction by a living artist.

Gwen Patton

Gwendolyn (Gwen) M. Patton (October 14, 1943 - May 11, 2017) was an activist in the Civil Rights Movement who fought for voting rights. She grew up in Alabama and graduated from G.W. Carver High School and Tuskegee Institute, where she was the first female president of the student government association in 1965. Her many accomplishments that made her an important figure in the civil rights movements began when Patton was a student. Patton was a youth founder of the Alabama Democratic Conference in 1960 and she continued to push students to fight for social, political, and economic change. She graduated with a master's degree from Antioch University. In 1968, Patton founded the National Black Antiwar Antidraft Union, which fought against Black men being drafted in the Vietnam War. She became the director of the Southern Student Human Relations Project in the late 1960s. She also founded the National Association of Black Students in 1969. Throughout her life, Patton continued to fight for civil rights and was deeply involved in politics, specifically during Jesse Jackson’s presidential campaign in 1983-1984, when she served as a delegate. Patton then helped found the Alabama New South Coalition in 1986. She worked at Trenholm State University as the archivist for the Special Collections on Montgomery Pioneer Voting Rights Activists and retired in 2014.

Fugitive Hunter: War on Terror

Fugitive Hunter: War on Terror (in Europe released as American's 10 Most Wanted) is a first-person shooter game for PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Windows. Developed by Black Ops Entertainment and published by Encore Software in United States and also published by Play-It, it was released between 2003 (NA) and 2004 (EU).

Valentin Sulzbacher

Valentin Sulzbacher (born 11 March 2005) is an Austrian footballer. He plays as a defender for 2. Liga club FC Liefering. He also plays for the Red Bull Academy U18 team.
He started his career with FC Altmünster und ASKÖ Ohlsdorf. 2015 he went on to the FC Red Bull Salzburg Academy. In the 2021-22 season he played his first match for FC Liefering. His debut was on April 18th when he played in the starting team versus SV Lafnitz. In this match he also scored his first professional goal.

Patrik Kovács

Patrik Kovács (born 9 February 2005) is a Hungarian professional footballer. He plays as a defender for FC Liefering in the Austrian 2nd league and the Red Bull Salzburg Academy U18 team.
Kovács started his career with Gyáli Lurkó SE and Gloriett SE . 2015 he went to Ferencváros Budapest, from 2020 to 2021 he played for MTK Budapest. 2021 he went to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy. 

In April 2022 he debutet for FC Liefering in the league match versus SV Lafnitz where he was in the starting team.

He played in the Hungarian U-16 and the Hungarian U-17 team.

The Prince and the Pauper (1990 movie)

The Prince and the Pauper is a 1990 American animated comedy action-adventure featurette. It was produced by Walt Disney Feature Animation and directed by George Scribner. Featuring the voice of Wayne Allwine as Mickey Mouse, it is inspired by Mark Twain's 1881 novel of the same name. It was Disney's final use of the traditional ink-and-paint and camera process, before the CAPS digital-ink-and-paint process rendered the traditional techniques and equipment obsolete. Some objects, such as the carriage, were created on computers before being printed out on paper and photocopied onto animation cels.

The film was released on November 16, 1990, as the first animated short produced by Disney to accompany the original release of a Disney animated feature, accompanying the original release of Walt Disney Feature Animation's 29th animated feature film "The Rescuers Down Under", a sequel to the 1977 animated film, "The Rescuers".


The short was released on VHS several times. The VHS and LaserDisc counterparts were first released on June 4, 1991 as part of the Walt Disney Mini-Classics line. On January 28, 1994, the Disney Favorite Stories line was introduced a couple of months after the discontinuation of the Mini-Classics line and that same date, "The Prince and the Pauper" was one of the first few Disney short films that returned to VHS as part of it. The Favorite Stories version was later re-released on April 21, 1995 and May 21, 1996.

The short was later released on May 18, 2004 on "".


The Squaw Man (1914 movie)

The Squaw Man is a 1914 American western movie directed by Cecil B. DeMille (who also stars) and Oscar Apfel and is the first version of the 1905 play of the same name by Edwin Milton Royle. It stars Dustin Farnum, Monroe Salisbury, Lillian St. Cyr, Winifred Kingston, William Elmer, Fred Montague and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Tunstall

Tunstall is a town in Stoke-upon-Trent, one of the six pottery towns.

Stoke-upon-Trent

Stoke-upon-Trent is commonly called just "Stoke". 

Rather confusingly, it is just one of the six towns that make up the city of Stoke-on-Trent, in Staffordshire, England.

The other towns that make up Stoke-on-Trent are Hanley, Burslem, Fenton, Longton and Tunstall.

Marcel Moswitzer

Marcel Moswitzer (born 26 February 2005) is an Austrian professional footballer. He plays as a Midfielder for 2. Liga club Liefering. He also plays for the Red Bull Academy U18 team.
He started in the Carinthian teams of ASKÖ St. Egyden, ATUS Velden and ATUS Feistritz/Rosental . In 2019 he came to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy where he played in all youth teams. 

In March 2022 he debuted for FC Liefering versus Floridsdorfer AC when he came in in the second half for Lukas Wallner.

Hanley, Staffordshire

Hanley is one of the six towns that make up the city of Stoke-on-Trent in Staffordshire, England. The others are Burslem, Longton, Fenton, Tunstall and Stoke-upon-Trent.

Hanley has an important city centre. It has been for a long time the commercial hub of the city of Stoke-on-Trent. It is home to the Potteries Shopping Centre and many high street chain stores.

The Pottery towns are connected by double-carriageway roads, and have the M6 motorway nearby. Hanley no longer has a train link, but the canal which carried the goods is still active.

Hanley was a centre of the 1842 Pottery Riots, and part of the 1842 General Strike. This is a reminder that coal mining was as important as pottery in the area during the 19th century. Coal fired the huge kilns in which the clay objects were baked. Indeed coal was as important to potteries as the clay itself.

Both the pottery and the coal was moved by barge along canal waterways. It is still more efficient to move heavy cargo on water than any other way.

1998 Algarve Cup

The 1998 Algarve Cup was the fifth edition of the Algarve Cup.

Portugal finished bottom of their group for the fifth year in a row. But they won the match to decide seventh place on penalties after a 2–2 draw with Finland.


Scinax cuspidatus

The coastal lowland snouted tree frog or long-snouted tree frog ("Scinax cuspidatus") is a frog that lives in eastern Brazil.

Aposthia

Aposthia is a rare genetic disorder in humans. It causes a male baby who is born without a foreskin or with a very short foreskin. This is sometimes called a natural circumcision. It is very rare and a genetical family issue.

Pahlavi Iran

Pahlavi Iran or the Pahlavi Empire was a sovereign state until 1979 revolution. It was a monarchy, ruled by the Pahlavi Dynasty. It is the last dynasty of Iran.

Rangpur, Assam

Rangpur was among the few capitals of the Ahom Kingdom. The city was formed in 1707 by Swargadeo Rudra Singha.

Ahom Kingdom

The Ahom kingdom (/ˈɑːhɔːm/, 1228–1826) was a late medieval kingdom in the Brahmaputra Valley in Assam. It maintained its sovereignty for nearly 600 years having successfully resisted Mughal expansion in Northeast India. Established by Sukaphaa, a Tai prince from Mong Mao (present-day Yunnan Province, China), it began as a mong in the upper reaches of the Brahmaputra based on wet rice agriculture. It expanded suddenly under Suhungmung in the 16th century and became multi-ethnic in character, casting a profound effect on the political and social life of the entire Brahmaputra valley. The kingdom became weaker with the rise of the Moamoria rebellion, and subsequently fell to repeated Burmese invasions of Assam. With the defeat of the Burmese after the First Anglo-Burmese War and the Treaty of Yandabo in 1826, control of the kingdom passed into East India Company hands.

Krillin

Krillin is a fictional character from the Dragon Ball franchise, he's the best friend of Goku and husband of Android 18 and has a daughter named Marron.

Krillin makes an appearance in Dragon Ball, Dragon Ball Z and Dragon Ball Super and other movies and merchandise were made about him as well.

Krillin is munk who came to the Kame House to get special training from the Turtle hermit master Roshi. He meets his soon to be best friend but now a rival Goku. Master Roshi sends them to find him a beautiful lady then he'll train them. Krillin and Goku find who was being harassed but they save her. The girl's name was launch and was revealed to be criminal and the two man were policeman.

Master Roshi finally approves Krillin and Goku as his successors and begins the training. Krillin and Goku do many tasks like chores such as delivering milk,digging through the ground, swimming away from a deadly shark and dodging bees. After that master Roshi tells Krillin and Goku that they'll be training with shells on their back from now on.

8 months later,Krillin joins the world martial arts tournament.

Mongolian spot

The "Mongolian spot" is a clear bluishgrey mark on newborns back. It completely disappears at the age of 12-14 months. It is not so big as a penny in diameter. This is mainly due to the accumulation of melamine pigment in the dermis. This name was given mainly due to the fact that it was first discovered in Mongolian children. In fact, it is observed not only in people belonging to the Mongoloid race, but also in members of other races. These spots are found in 90% of Asian children. The "Mongolian spot" is also observed in the peoples of Europe. An example of this are the Roma people.

Longton, Staffordshire

Longton is one of the six small towns which make up the city of Stoke-on-Trent. The area is known as "the Potteries".

Fenton, Staffordshire

Fenton is one of the six small towns which make up the city of Stoke-on-Trent. The area is known as "the Potteries".

Licypriya Kangujam

Licypriya Kangujam (born 2 October 2011) is a child environmental activist from Manipur, India. She belongs to the Meitei ethnicity of Manipur. She is one of the youngest global climate activists that has addressed world leaders at the 2019 to take immediate climate actions. Licypriya has been campaigning for climate action in India since 2018. Her campaigns were to pass new laws to change India's high pollution levels. She also campaigned to make climate-change literacy mandatory in schools.

She has been called as "India's Greta Thunberg". However, she does not like the usage of this term. 
Licypriya started working against climate change in July 2018. She was inspired by the climate activist Greta Thunberg. On 21 June 2019, Licypriya started spending a week outside the Indian Parliament House to draw the attention of Prime Minister Narendra Modi to pass a climate change law in India. On 31 August 2019, Licypriya received the "World Children Peace Prize 2019". It was given by Mr. Charles Allen, Director of Partnerships of Global Peace Index – Institute of Economics & Peace (IEP), Australia. She received the award in an event organized by the Regional Alliance of Fostering Youth and Ministry of Youth Sports and Community Empowerment, Government of Maldives. She was also honored with the title "Rising Star" by the Earth Day Network, Washington, D.C., USA.

On 19 November 2019, she was given the "SDGs Ambassador Award 2019" at Chandigarh University by and , Government of India. Licypriya also received the "Global Child Prodigy Award 2020" on 3 January 2020 in New Delhi by Lieutenant Governor of Pondicherry Kiran Bedi.
On 18 February 2020, she addressed the TEDxSBSC held in University of Delhi, New Delhi, India. On 23 February 2020, she addressed the TEDxGateway held in Mumbai and received a standing ovation for her speech. She addressed TEDx talks for the six times by the time she was nine years old.

Will Friedle

William Alan Friedle (born August 11, 1976) is an American actor, comedian and writer. He is best known for his role as the elder brother Eric Matthews on the long-running TV series "Boy Meets World" from 1993 to 2000. More recently, he has voiced a number of animated characters such as Terry McGinnis/Batman, the title character of "Batman Beyond" and Ron Stoppable in "Kim Possible". He voiced Deadpool in "Ultimate Spider-Man" and Star-Lord in the animated version of "Guardians of the Galaxy". He also performed the voice of Doyle in "The Secret Saturday", Lion-O in the rebooted "ThunderCats" series, and Blue Beetle on "Batman: The Brave and The Bold". He has been the speaking voice of Bumblebee since the final episode of "Transformers: Prime" and has voiced the character in the movie "Transformers Prime Beast Hunters: Predacons Rising" and in the stand-alone sequel "Transformers: Robots in Disguise", as well as in "Transformers: Rescue Bots".

Wil Wheaton

Richard William Wheaton III (born July 29, 1972) is an American actor, blogger and writer. 

He portrayed Wesley Crusher on the television series "", Geordie Lachance in the film "Stand by Me", Joey Trotta in "Toy Soldiers" and Bennett Hoenicker in "Flubber". Wheaton has also appeared in recurring voice acting roles as Aqualad in "Teen Titans", Cosmic Boy on "Legion of Super Heroes" and Mike Morningstar/Darkstar in the Ben 10 franchise's original continuity. He appeared regularly as a fictionalized version of himself on the sitcom "The Big Bang Theory" and in the roles of Fawkes on "The Guild", Colin Mason on "Leverage" and Dr. Isaac Parrish on "Eureka". Wheaton was the host and co-creator of the YouTube board game show "TableTop". He has narrated numerous audio books, including "Ready Player One" and "Ready Player Two".

