Historical source

A historical source is an original document or item that holds important information about the past. These sources are fundamental for understanding history and serve as clues for historical study.

Historical sources encompass a wide range of materials, such as coins, artifacts, monuments, literary works, documents, archaeological sites, oral transmissions, inscriptions, paintings, recorded sounds, images, and oral history. Even ancient relics and ruins can be considered historical sources. These sources are categorized into primary, secondary, and tertiary sources.

Cell signaling

In living things, cells send and receive signals. Cell signaling is a fundamental property of all cellular life in prokaryotes and eukaryotes. 
Signals that come from outside a cell (extracellular signals) may be physical agents like mechanical pressure, voltage, temperature, light, or chemical signals (e.g., small molecules, peptides, or gas). Cell signalling can occur over short or long distances. Signalling molecules can be released through passive or active transports, or even from cell damage.

Receptors play a key role in cell signaling as they are able to detect chemical signals or physical stimuli. Receptors are generally proteins on the cell surface or in the interior of the cell. Examples are the "cytoplasm", "organelles", and "nucleus".

2024 UEFA Champions League final

The 2024 UEFA Champions League final is the last match of the 2023–24 UEFA Champions League, which is a big football competition in Europe. It's the 69th season of this tournament organized by UEFA, and it's been called the UEFA Champions League for 32 seasons now. This final will happen at Wembley Stadium in London, England, on June 1, 2024. The team that wins this final gets to play against the winners of the 2023–24 UEFA Europa League in the 2024 UEFA Super Cup.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

Fox on the Run (Sweet song)

"Fox on the Run" is a 1975 song by English glam rock band Sweet. It was the first song written by the band and by the producers Nicky Chinn and Mike Chapman and was taken from their third studio album "Desolation Boulevard". It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, Canada, Ireland and Norway, number 5 in the United States, number 3 in New Zealand, Austria and Switzerland and number 1 in Germany, Australia and South Africa.

Territoire de Belfort's 1st constituency

Territoire de Belfort's 1st constituency () is a constituency of France. It is one of two constituencies in the department of Territoire de Belfort.

 

Territoire de Belfort's 2nd constituency

Territoire de Belfort's 2nd constituency () is a constituency of France. It is one of two constituencies in the department of Territoire de Belfort. It is the least populated constituency in France.

 

Lozère's 1st constituency

Lozère's constituency (, ) is a constituency of France. It is the only one representing Lozère, which is one of only two departments that only have one constituency.

 

Creuse's constituency

Creuse's constituency (, ) is a constituency of France. It is the only constituency representing the department of Creuse, which is one of only two departments with only one constituency.

 

Kurt Welzl

Kurt Welzl ( 6 November 1954 in Vienna ) is a former Austrian football player. He played mainly for SSW Innsbruck. He also played for the Austrian national football team
He played as forward. He started his career with Wiener Sport-Club. Then he went to SSW Innsbruck. From 1974 to 1979 he won two championships and the ÖFB Cup twice. He then moved abroad. With AZ Alkmaar he suffered a broken leg in a build-up game against Beveren at the beginning of August 1979. He won the Dutch championship and cup in 1981. He missed the top scorer's crown by just two goals . With the team he played in the UEFA Cup final. This was followed by two years at FC Valencia, a year at KAA Gent and half a season at Olympiakos Piraeus before he returned to SSW Innsbruck in the winter of 1984/85. Kurt Welzl spent the end of his career in Austria for FC Swarovski Tirol, the Grazer AK in the Bundesliga and in the 1987/88 season in the 2nd division with SV Spittal/Drau.
Kurt Welzl played 22 matches for the Austrian national team and scored ten goals. He debuted on 16 March 1975 versus Luxemburg. His last match was on 1 July 1982 versus Northern Ireland. In the 4-3 victory over England on 13 June 1979 he scored two goals on his return after a three-year break from the team. He also traveled with Austria to the 1982 World Cup in Spain.

Copenhagen (Folketing constituency)

Copenhagen () is a constituency of Denmark. It represents Copenhagen and elects 17 members.

Results of the 2022 general election held on 1 November 2022:

Zealand (Folketing constituency)

Zealand () is a constituency of Denmark. It represents the region of Zealand and elects 20 members.

Results of the 2022 general election held on 1 November 2022:

South Jutland (Folketing constituency)

South Jutland () is a constituency of Denmark. It represents the region of South Jutland and elects 17 members.

Results of the 2022 general election held on 1 November 2022:

East Jutland (Folketing constituency)

East Jutland () is a constituency of Denmark. It represents the region of East Jutland and elects 18 members.

Results of the 2022 general election held on 1 November 2022:

West Jutland (Folketing constituency)

West Jutland () is a constituency of Denmark. It represents the region of West Jutland and elects 13 members.

Results of the 2022 general election held on 1 November 2022:

North Jutland (Folketing constituency)

North Jutland () is a constituency of Denmark. It represents the region of North Jutland and elects 15 members.

Results of the 2022 general election held on 1 November 2022:

Windows for Pen Computing

Windows for Pen Computing is a software suite by Microsoft. It was made for Windows 3.1x and designed to add pen computing abilities to the Windows operating environment. It was the second major pen computing platform for x86 tablet PCs. The first major pen computing platform was GO Corporation's PenPoint OS. Microsoft first released Windows for Pen Computing in 1992.

Andy Rourke

Andrew Michael Rourke (17 January 1964 – 19 May 2023) was an English musician. He is best known as the bassist of the 1980s indie rock band the Smiths. Many people think Rourke is one of the greatest bassists of his generation. He is known for his melodic and funk inspired way to bass playing.

Rourke joined the Smiths after their first gig, He had known their guitarist Johnny Marr since secondary school. Rourke played on all of their albums. After the group broke up in 1987, he played on some of Morrissey's early solo releases. Morrissey had been the lead singer for the Smiths. Rourke recorded with Sinéad O'Connor and the Pretenders in the early 1990s. He was a member of the supergroup Freebass and the band D.A.R.K. 

I Hate Everything About You

"I Hate Everything About You" is the first single off of Canadian rock band Three Days Grace's first studio album "Three Days Grace". The song was released on April 28, 2003.

The song was able to make it to #2 on the Alternative Airplay, #4 on the Mainstream Rock, #28 on the Mainstream Top 40, and #55 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts. The song was certified 2× Platinum by Music Canada and 2× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

The song is about relationships that have issues with love and hate. When asked in an interview about the song, vocalist Adam Gontier said "The song is pretty blunt you know? It's to the point. It's about realizing there's something in your life you're wasting time on. I think everybody, even in this band and a lot of other people have felt that way before at one point or another in their life. Whether it's a person, a relationship whatever it is, you're just wasting time on it. The song is a realization of that".

A music video for the song was released. In the video, the performs the song. Different scenes are shown, like a man catching his girlfriend cheating, a father abusing his son, and the end of a relationship. The man breaks the picture of him and his girlfriend together, the abused son smashes a bottle of Jack Daniels, and the woman throws a love journal on the ground. People gather around the band and start a moshpit. 

Burgers and Fries

"Burgers and Fries" is a 1978 song by Charley Pride and is the second single from his 25th studio album "Burgers and Fries/When I Stop Leaving (I'll Be Gone)". It went to number 2 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs and number 1 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks charts. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1980.

Just Like You (Three Days Grace song)

"Just Like You" is the second single off of Canadian rock band Three Days Grace's first studio album "Three Days Grace". The song was released on March 29, 2004.

The song was able to make it to #2 on the Alternative Airplay, #4 on the Mainstream Rock, and #55 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts. The song was certified Gold by both the Music Canada and the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

When asked in an interview about the song, vocalist Adam Gontier said "It's about being told how to live your life. When we were growing up, we saw it sort of first hand. A lot of our friends were pushed into doing jobs their parents were telling them to do. It's about being pushed around and told how to live your life and standing up for yourself.".

A music video for the song was released. In the video, multiple people are standing in a room wearing the exact same outfit and masks. They watch the band perform behind a two-way mirror also wearing the same masks. Guards are also standing by and when one of the people in the crowd start to move to the music, the guard stops him. Eventually the window shatters and the crowd takes their outfits and masks off and dance.

Pseudomonas syringae

Pseudomonas syringae is rod-shaped, Gram negative bacterium. It is a plant pathogen. The bacterium can cause disease in many different plants. There are many variants, called pathovars. They are specialized to infect different plants. 

The bacterium can live as an epiphyte on the plant surface. It only causes disease once it is able to enter the plant cells. The bacterium enters the plant via wounds or natural openings like stomata. Once inside the plant tissues the bacteria multiply and cause leaf spots and cankers.

Examples of diseases caused by "Pseudomonas syringae" "(P. s)" include

This bacterium has been well studied as it is a useful model organism as well as an economically important plant pathogen.

Home (Three Days Grace song)

"Home" is the third single off of Canadian rock band Three Days Grace's first studio album "Three Days Grace". The song was released on October 4, 2004.

The song was able to make it to #4 on the Mainstream Rock, #2 on the Alternative Airplay, and #55 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts. The song was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

When asked by MTV in an interview about the song, drummer Neil Sanderson said "It's about being pushed around and neglected and feeling like even though you're in the company of other people, they're not really there at all."

A music video for the song was released. It was directed by Dean Karr. In the video, the band plays in a run-down, abandoned building. A woman with black and white makeup wanders around the building. She grabs a bat and smashes a miniature statue of David. She enters a room full of clocks and birdcages where she smashes everything. She goes to where the band is playing and screams. It was shot in the abandoned Lister Block building on James Street in Hamilton, Ontario.

Mama Mirabelle's Home Movies

Mama Mirabelle's Home Movies is a 2007 animated educational wildlife children’s television series. The series is set in the African savanna, It focuses on an elephant named Mama Mirabelle. She travels around the world to film real wildlife footage. She shows the footage to the other animals on a screen of fireflies. The "Home Movies" are used for educational purposes not only for the young characters, but for the preschool audience at home. The live action footage comes from the BBC Natural History Unit archives, as well as the National Geographic Society. The programme is also shown in the United States on PBS. In the American version all of the animals except Karla have American voices. 

Floella Benjamin is the voice for Mama Mirabelle in the United Kingdom version. Vanessa Williams is the voice of Mama Mirabelle in the United States version. The series is made by UK animation company King Rollo Films. They also make the programmes "Paz", "Maisy" and "Mr. Benn". For its first season, "Mama Mirabelle's Home Movies" has 52 11-minute episodes on CBeebies. On PBS Kids, starting in 2008, the programme was broadcast in a thirty-minute slot by showing two ten minute episodes with extra songs, feature, and games. Music for this programme is written by Lester Barnes, the composer for "Horrid Henry", "Me Too!", "Paz", and "Urmel". The series was created by Douglas Wood. Hr was also the author of the companion children's picture book, "When Mama Mirabelle Comes Home." It was published by National Geographic Channel Book.

Languages of Iran

Languages spoken in the Islamic Republic of Iran belong to several language families, the major ones being the Indo-European languages spoken by majority of Iranians and the Turkic languages spoken by many significant minority of Iranians. The other language families are Afro-Asiatic, Caucasian and Dravidian. The Persian language, which belongs to Iranian branch of Indo-European language family, is the official language and lingua franca of Iran.

An estimate of the ethnic structure of the Iranian population for 2003 is as follows:

Other estimates include the Gilaki and Mazanderani populations in Persian population. 

The current language policy of Iran is addressed in Chapter Two of the Constitution of the Islamic Republic of Iran (articles 15, 16). It asserts that the Persian language is the official language and lingua franca of the Iranian nation and as such, official documents, correspondence, and texts, as well as text-books, must be in this language and script.

Due to the nation's social and ethnic diversity, the constitution also acknowledges and permits the use use of "regional and tribal languages" in the press and mass media, as well as for teaching of their literature in schools, is allowed in addition to Persian. The Constitution also states that since Arabic is the language of the Quran and Islamic texts and teachings, and Persian literature is completely permeated by this language, it should be taught after the primary level, in all grades of secondary school and in all fields of study.

Iran is a culturally diverse country composed of many ethnicities, religions, and languages. According to Minority Rights Group (MRG), though minorities may account for half of Iran’s population, a homogenous national identity rooted in the Persian language and Shi’a Islam has long been imposed upon Iranian citizens, with the effect of the repression, exclusion and marginalization of minority communities. 

Minority Rights Group (MRG) claims also despite provisions in Iran’s constitution to the contrary, the use of minority languages in the country is repressed in all aspects of public life, from the media to education and the minority-language publishing houses have found their offices sealed off in recent years. 

One can purchase newspapers, books, music tapes, and videos in Azerbaijani and Kurdish, and there are radio and television stations in ethnic areas that broadcast news and entertainment programs in even more languages. Considerable publication (book, newspaper, etc.) taking place in the two largest minority languages in the Azerbaijani and Kurdish languages, and in the academic year 2004–05 B.A. programmes in the Azerbaijani language and literature (in Tabriz) and in the Kurdish language and literature (in Sanandaj) are offered in Iran for the very first time. In addition, Payame Noor University, which has 229 campuses and nearly 190,000 students throughout the country, in 2008 declared that Arabic will be the "second language" of the university, and that all its services will be offered in Arabic, concurrent with Persian.

Regional and local radio programmes are broadcast in Arabic, Armenian, Assyrian, Azerbaijani, Balochi, Garmsiri, Georgian, Persian, Kurdish, Mazandarani, Turkmen, and Turkish.

Native speakers of Iranian branch of the Indo-European language family make up 78% of the population of Iran. The largest Iranian-speaking peoples of Iran are the Persians, Kurds, Lurs, Gilaks, Mazanderanis, Talysh and Balochis. 

Iranian languages in Iran included Persian, Luri, Kurdish, Gilaki and Mazanderani, and Balochi. The largest group of people in present-day Iran are Persians who speak dialects of the language called "Farsi" in Persian. The Lurs live in northern Fars and southern Zagros, and Kurds live in the Zagros mountains, north of the Lurs, up to and over the frontiers with Armenia and the Republic of Azerbaijan, while the Balochs live in Iranian side of Baluchistan, which have borders on Pakistan, as a smaller minority. The Gilaks, Talysh and Mazanderanis live in the Gilan and Mazandaran in northern Iran.

Old Azeri was the Iranian language of Azerbaijan before the spread of the Turkic language, commonly called Azerbaijani, in the region. The dialects of Tati, who is suggested to be a descendant of Old Azeri, are still spoken by small communities in Iran. There are also amall Iranian languages, dialects and varieties in Iran including the Achomi, Gorani, Semnani, Bashkardi, Garmsiri, Sorkhei, Sangsari, Kuhmareyi, Sivandi, Khunsari, Natanzi, Gazi, Soi, Gozarkhani, Karan and Karingani.

Native speakers of Armenian branch of Indo-European languages included in the group that includes less than 1% population of the Iran. Armenians are found regionally in Azerbaijan and in the area of Isfahan, where they had been deported, in the early 17th century by Abbas the Great. Moreover, a considerable number of Armenian speakers immigrated there from the Ottoman Empire in the early part of the 20th century (early and later immigrants mostly settled in the capital and urban centers, but some also in villages). Since the mid-19th century, Armenians had their own schools where Armenian was the only language of instruction and Persian and French were taught as foreign languages. The closure of these schools and their limited reopening have damaged the Armenian language.

The Indo-Aryan language has been preserved by some Gypsies in Iran, which is still spoken in two villages near Qazvin and near Quchan in northern Khorasan, these speakers were deported from the European part of the Ottoman Empire, present-day Bulgaria, and have largely retained that variety of Romani language.

Native speakers of Turkic langauges and dialects make up 18% of the population of Iran. The largest Turkic-speaking peoples of Iran are the Azerbaijanis, Turkmens, Khorasani Turks and Qashqais.

Only in few other regions (Caucasus and Southern Siberia) one can find a nearly comparable diversity of Turkic languages as in Persia. The number of their speakers varies from several thousands to several millions. Altogether, one-sixth of today’s Iranian population is turcophone or bilingual.

In Iran, there are two distinct branches of Turkic: Oghuz Turkic languages and dialects that represent the southwestern branch of Turkic, and Khalaj, which presents a tiny branch of its own. Most widely spoken is Azerbaijani. Turkic languages and dialects of Iran included Azerbaijani, Qashqai, Khorasani Turkic, Turkmen, Central Oghuz dialect varieties, Sonqori, Afshar and Khalaj. The Azerbaijani lost the vocal harmony typical of Turkic languages. Hendrik Boeschoten gives the following estimates for speakers of Turkic languages in Iran, with a total population then of 62 million: Azerbaijani, 13 million; Qashqai, 570,000; Khorasani Turkic, 400,000; Turkmen, 500,000; Khalaj, 28,000. However, Bulut in 2005, estimates 40,000 for Khalaj.

The Iranian Azerbaijanis who commonly known as Iranian Azeris, are a Turkic-speaking people of mostly Iranian origin and Azerbaijani is a Turkic language learned and spoken by Iranian peasants.
Among Afro-Asiatic languages, Arabic speakers make up 2% of the population of Iran, while Aramaic and Hebrew speakers are in the group that includes less than 1%. The largest Afro-Asiatic-speking peoples of Iran are the Arabs, Assyrians and Jews, all speaking languages from the Semitic branch.

First Aramaic and then Arabic had considerable contact with Iranian languages. Their impact differs. Aramaic was made the official language of communication by Achaemenid ruler Darius the Great, and hence is referred to as Imperial Aramaic, which considerably contributed to the success of the empire. It initiated a literary tradition that continued into Middle Iranian times, finally to be replaced by the various literary languages. Aramaic dialects continued to be spoken in the northwestern regions of Iran by small Christian and Jewish communities, and left their reflexes in the local Jewish-Iranian dialects and local varieties of Judeo-Persian. By contrast, Arabic had become the new administrative and religious-scientific superstrate language after the conquest of Persia in the mid-7th century, when Arabic tribes and administrative groups began to settle throughout Greater Iran for some three hundred years. Of these, only few pockets have remained in eastern and southern Persia, and until recently they had remained virtually unstudied.

Although, after the Arab invasion of Persia in the 7th century, many Arab tribes settled in different parts of Iran, it is the Arab tribes of Khuzestan that have retained their identity in language and culture to the present day and there was a great influx of Arab-speaking immigrants into the province from the 16th to the 19th century, including the migration of the Banu Kaʿb and Banu Lam.

Among Caucasusian languages, Georgian and Circassian speakers included in the group that includes less than 1% population of the Iran. Many thousands of Georgians and Circassians, who were transplanted to Iran by Safavid ruler Abbas the Great were peasants, and they were settled in villages in the Iran hinterland. According to A. F. Stahl, by the early 1900s Georgians were intermarrying with Persians. However, most of them continued to speak Georgian, as is indicated by Basil Nikitin. Circassian langauges (incl. Adyghe, Kabardian) was also once widely spoken by the large Circassian minority, but, due to assimilation over the many years, no sizable number of Circassians speak the language anymore.

Windfuhr claimed that Georgians and Circassians were quickly assimilated culturally and linguistically, and even excluded Circassian from the Caucasian languages spoken in Iran.

Brahui language is spoken in Baluchestan (as well as the adjacent areas of Afghanistan and Pakistan). The language is the northernmost remnant of the Dravidian languages, which are now found mainly in the southern Indian subcontinent, but may once have been more widely found in Iran.


Animal I Have Become

"Animal I Have Become" is the first single off of Canadian rock band Three Days Grace's second studio album "One-X". The song was released on April 10, 2006.

The song was able to make it to #1 on the Alternative Airplay, #1 on the Mainstream Rock, #3 on the Canada Rock, #60 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and #60 on the Pop 100 charts. The song was certified 2× Platinum by both Music Canada and the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The song won Rock Single of the Year at the 2006 "Billboard" Music Awards. It was also nominated for Modern Rock Single of the Year.

Vocalist Adam Gontier said that he wrote the song when he was in a rehab facility. He wrote the song about his addiction to OxyContin and the way that he acted and treated people when he was under the influence of drugs.

A music video for the song was released. It was directed by Dean Karr. In the video, the band plays in a room full of mirrors. A man wakes up and sits in a trashed room. He lies in bed while a demon version of himself holds him down. He leaves the apartment and walks down the street, seeing the demon version staring back at him when he sees his reflection. He bumps into people as he walks. The man enters a social gathering and goes to the bar, meeting a woman and seeing that she is also a demon. He gets angry and destroys the room. The man wakes up in the destroyed room again.

The song along with "Riot" appear on the soundtrack to the video game "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007".

Matrix addition

In mathematics, matrix addition is adding two matrices together. The matrices must have the same dimension. Entries from the same rows and columns are added to make the result. This is done for all of the entries.

For example:


Opytne

Opytne () can be


Matrix multiplication

In mathematics and linear algebra, matrix multiplication is multiplying two matrices together. The number of columns in the first matrix must be equal to the number of rows in the second matrix. The product of two matrices formula_1 and formula_2 is written as formula_3

To multiply two matrices, the rows of the first matrices are multiplied with the columns of the second. Then, the products are summed to make the entry in the product.

Matrix multiplication is associative, but not commutative.


Amie Doherty

Amie Doherty (born 1987) is an Irish composer. She creates music for movies and television. She is the first woman to write the score for an animated feature for DreamWorks. 

Doherty cites Christophe Beck, James Newton Howard, Howard Shore, Alan Menken, Michael Giacchino, Joe Hisaishi, Hans Zimmer, John Powell, Henry Jackman, Harry Gregson-Williams, Thomas Newman, Lorne Balfe, Joseph Trapanese, James Horner, Alan Silvestri, Mychael Danna, Randy Newman, Rachel Portman, Elmer Bernstein, Jerry Goldsmith, Henry Mancini, John Barry, Lalo Schifrin, Leonard Bernstein, Maurice Jarre, John Williams, Ennio Morricone, Alfred Newman, Benjamin Wallfisch, Germaine Franco, Koji Kondo, Bruce Broughton, David Newman, Marc Shaiman, Brian Tyler, Bear McCreary, Joel McNeely, J.A.C. Redford, Dave Grusin, Gareth Coker, A.R. Rahman, Lennie Niehaus, George Bruns, Oliver Wallace, Leigh Harline, Frank Churchill, Paul Smith, Max Steiner, Nino Rota, Yoko Shimomura and Buddy Baker as influences.

Doherty moved to the United States in 2013. Before this, she lived, worked and studied music in London, India, Ireland, South Korea, Spain and Vietnam. She graduated magna cum laude from the Masters program in Scoring for Film, Television, and Video Games at Berklee College of Music. While there, she was awarded the Howard Shore Scholarship. She later moved to Los Angeles where she began to make music for video games and movies.

In 2016, Doherty became a Sundance Composer Fellow. She was chosen from over 500 composers to go to the Sundance Institute Music & Sound Design Lab at Skywalker Sound. In 2016, After her time at the lab, she became a Sundance Institute/Time Warner Foundation Composer Fellow. 

La Banda

La Banda is a city in the Santiago del Estero Province in Argentina. About 100,000 people live there, which makes it the second largest city in the province. It is the capital of Banda Department.


Melipilla

Melipilla is a city and commune in the Santiago Metropolitan Region, Chile. It is the capital of the province of the same name. According to the 2002 census, 108,540 people lived there.


Lautaro, Chile

Lautaro is a city and commune in the Cautín Province, Chile. It is part of the Araucanía Region. The city is named in honor of Lautaro, Mapuche leader ("toqui") during the War of Arauco. In the 2002 census, 32,218 people lived there.


Time-sharing

Time-sharing in computer science allows multiple users to use a computer at the same time. Time-sharing is used in modern computers to better distribute resources.

Valencia, Venezuela

Valencia is the third largest city in Venezuela. It is the capital of Carabobo state. About 2 million people live there.

Kirchhundem

Kirchhundem is a municipality in Olpe in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Bhisho

Bhisho is a city in South Africa. It is the capital of the Eastern Cape province. This event is known as the Bisho massacre.

Viganò

Viganò is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Barzanò

Barzanò is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Barzago

Barzago is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Dolzago

Dolzago is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Lasserrade

Lasserrade (before 2020: "Lasserade") is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Lasseube-Propre

Lasseube-Propre is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Lasséran

Lasséran is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Laujuzan

Laujuzan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Lauraët

Lauraët is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Lavardens

Lavardens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Laveraët

Laveraët is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Laymont

Laymont is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Leboulin

Leboulin is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Lectoure

Lectoure is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Lelin-Lapujolle

Lelin-Lapujolle is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Lias, Gers

Lias is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Lias-d'Armagnac

Lias-d'Armagnac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ligardes

Ligardes is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Lombez

Lombez is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Loubédat

Loubédat is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Loubersan

Loubersan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Lourties-Monbrun

Lourties-Monbrun is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Louslitges

Louslitges is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Loussous-Débat

Loussous-Débat is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


The 1989 World Tour

The 1989 World Tour was American singer Taylor Swift's fourth concert tour. It was for her album "1989", which was made in 2014. The tour started on May 5, 2015 in Tokyo, Japan. It ended on December 12, 2015 in Melbourne, Australia.

The 1989 World Tour concert at ANZ Stadium was recorded and made into a movie. The movie was released on December 20, 2015. It could be watched on Apple Music.

These are the songs that Taylor Swift performed on the first night of the tour. Most of the tour was similar, but sometimes she changes the setlist. All changes are listed below, and so are the surprise songs.




Sometimes, Taylor Swift did not sing "You Are in Love". Instead, she surprised the crowd with a random song.
Sometimes, instead of singing "This Love", Taylor Swift sang with a special guest. This is the list of special guests for each show and the name of the song they sang together.

Kimberley, Northern Cape

Kimberley is the capital and largest city of the Northern Cape province in South Africa. It is about 110 km east of the meeting point of the Vaal and Orange Rivers. It is important because of its diamond mining past and the siege during the Second Anglo-Boer war. British businessmen Cecil Rhodes and Barney Barnato made their fortunes in Kimberley, and Rhodes set up the De Beers diamond company in the early days of the mining town.

On 2 September 1882, Kimberley was the first city in the Southern Hemisphere and the second in the world after Philadelphia, Pennsylvania in the United States to set up electric street lights. The first stock exchange in Africa was built in Kimberley in 1881.

MOD Pizza

MOD Pizza is an American fast-casual pizza restaurant chain based in Seattle, Washington. Founded in 2008, MOD has more than 500 locations in the United States and one location in Canada.

Lupiac

Lupiac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Luppé-Violles

Luppé-Violles is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Lussan, Gers

Lussan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Muzeum Miniaturowej Sztuki Profesjonalnej Henryk Jan Dominiak in Tychy

The Muzeum Miniaturowej Sztuki Profesjonalnej Henryk Jan Dominiak in Tychy is a modern art museum in Tychy in Poland in Silesian Voivodeship. Is one of the youngest and smallest museums in the world. The permanent exhibition gallery comprises with a total area of 6.15 m². The Museum was founded in 2013 in Tychy, street Żwakowska 8/66, by entrepreneur and artist Henryk Jan Dominiak. The Museum introduces the public to a fascinating world of a miniature collection of paintings, drawings, and graphics, sculptures, ceramics and historical objects, the works of professional artists from all over the world among others from Ukraine, Hungary, Sweden, Brazil and Poland.



Raorchestes blandus

The Anamalai bush frog ("Roarchestes blandus") is a frog. It lives in India. Scientists have seen it in the Western Ghat mountains, between 45 and 806 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in evergreen forests that are not too high above sea level. It lives in smaller plants under the trees. This frog hatches out of its egg as a small frog and never swims as a tadpole.

Scientists believe this frog is in danger of dying out because it lives in such a small place, only 859 square kilometers, and because human beings still change that place. Human beings build farms for rubber and arecanut. Scientists have seen that the fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis" can make this frog sick, but they do not know if it kills the frog.

This frog has been found in two protected parks: Parambikulam Tiger Reserve and Anamalai Tiger Reserve.

I'm Every Woman

"I'm Every Woman" is a 1978 debut single by Chaka Khan and is the leading single from her debut studio album "Chaka". It was her first hit outside the band Rufus. It went to number 21 in the United States, number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 7 in Ireland, number 9 in the Netherlands, number 27 in Australia and number 18 in New Zealand. It was covered by Whitney Houston for the 1992 movie "The Bodyguard" and was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1994.

(Old Dogs, Children and) Watermelon Wine

"(Old Dogs, Children and) Watermelon" is a 1972 song by Tom T. Hall and is the second and final single from his 1972 studio album "The Storyteller". It topped the country singles chart in the United States and Canada and went to number 21 in Australia and number 17 in New Zealand. It was covered by Frankie Laine and John Prine. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1974.

Robert Johnston (naval officer)

Robert Johnson, who as a teenager traveled to Antarctica on a thick-hulled wooden ship with Adm. Richard Byrd, died Sunday in Jacksonville. He was 102. He was the last survivor of any of Byrd's pre-World War II polar journeys, which caught the public imagination and made the explorer a much-decorated national hero. His death was confirmed by Stan Jordan, a family friend and former state representative and Duval County School Board chairman. "What a great American," said Jordan, who had hosted Mr. Johnson's 102nd birthday celebration at his restaurant, Beach Diner, in Atlantic Beach. "He was a piece of Naval history."

At 19, Mr. Johnson was the youngest member of Byrd's 1939 expedition to Antarctica aboard the USS Bear, a 19th century dual steam-powered and sailing ship.

He went back with Byrd in 1946 for Operation Highjump, during which he parachuted onto the polar ice, which he later said seemed to him the quietest place on Earth. In a steel-hulled icebreaker, he also joined another U.S. Navy expedition to Antarctica, Operation Windmill, in 1948.

"Everything we did in that ice down there was exciting because it was never the same thing twice, trying to explore and going in and out of these inlets," Mr. Johnson said in a 2011 Times-Union interview. "I can remember five times (in his first expedition) when I didn't know if I was going to get out of the ice."

The son of a chief warrant officer in San Diego, Mr. Johnson was a Sea Scout who trained on sailing ships as a teen. The summer he turned 16, he was one of the Sea Scouts aboard the Pacific Queen, a 300-foot square-rigger, for a 15-day cruise. After the ship was becalmed, that expedition turned into one of 67 days, with its crew living on severe rations as rescuers frantically searched for the ship.

Two years later he joined the Navy, serving on a battleship before he volunteered for Byrd's 1939 expedition. His experience sailing helped him land one of the coveted positions.

Mr. Johnson was in the Navy from 1937 to 1956, retiring from Naval Station Mayport as a chief bosun's mate. He then worked for the Postal Service until 1990. After 66 years of marriage, wife Ruth Johnson died of cancer in 2003. He met his wife, Mildred, who survives him, at a cancer survivors' group after her husband's death.

At his home in East Arlington, there was a place of honor reserved for Polar Penguin Pete, a penguin Johnson took with him after one expedition and then had stuffed. It was a reminder of his journeys to the bottom of the Earth.

"That's quite a place," he said at his 100th birthday party. "It's different from anything else, that's for sure. It is a wonderful place down there."
Alphorn

The Alphorn is a very alp-like instrument made from a horn. It sounds very similar to the traditional horn.

The alphorn or alpenhorn or alpine horn is a labrophone, consisting of a straight several-meter-long wooden natural horn of conical bore, with a wooden cup-shaped mouthpiece. Traditionally the Alphorn was made of one single piece, or two parts at most, of the wood of a red pine tree.

Fotini Vavatsi

Fotini Vavatsi is a Greek archer. She was born on 16 March 1974. Vavatsi competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Luis Cabral

Luis Cabral is an archer from Guam. He was born on 8 July 1960. Cabral competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Winchester, Nevada

Winchester is an unincorporated town and census-designated place (CDP) in Clark County, Nevada, United States. It is close to Las Vegas city and has part of the Las Vegas Strip inside of it. The population was 36,403 at the 2020 census.

There are no street addresses that say Winchester, NV. Every building in the town has a Las Vegas address.

Tokyo Dome

The Tokyo Dome does not only have baseball games. One of the many events it can host are concerts. The first band to do a concert there was The Alfee on March 19 and 20, 1988. The first non-Japanese act to perform at the stadium was Mick Jagger on March 22, 1988.

Official website

Roland Hattenberger

Roland Hattenberger (born 7 December 1948 in Jenbach) is a former Austrian football player. In Austria he played mainly for SSW Innsbruck. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Hattenberger began his career at SK Jenbach, where he played from 1956 to 1963. Then he went to SC Kufstein. In 1968 he moved to WSG Wattens. In 1971 he moved to SSW Innsbruck in the Bundesliga. In 1974 he moved to Germany. There he played for SC Fortuna Köln and VfB Stuttgart. 1981 he returned to Austria and worked for SSW Innsbruck and then SC Kufstein. In 1987 he ended his active career.
Hattenberger also played for the Austrian national team. His first match was on 10 June 1972 versus Sweden. His last match was on 28 June 1982 versus France. 

He was in the squad for the 1978 World Cup in Argentina. However, due to injury, he did not play a game at the World Cup. Four years later, Hattenberger was again in the squad at the 1982 World Cup in Spain and played in four of the five games.

Between 1993–94 and 1998–99 he managed FC Kufstein.

Décines-Charpieu

Décines-Charpieu (), sometimes just called Décines, is a commune in the Lyon area of eastern France. It is part of the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region.

Décines-Charpieu is close to the Grand Large reservoir. It is also close to (12 kilometres east of) Lyon.

The Parc Olympique Lyonnais stadium is located in Décines-Charpieu. It is the home stadium of Olympique Lyonnais.

From Out of Nowhere (song)

"From Out of Nowhere" is a 1989 song by Faith No More. It is the leading single from their third studio album "The Real Thing". It went to number 23 in the United Kingdom and number 83 in Australia.

UK and European issue

Australian issue

UK and European reissue

When Love Breaks Down

"When Love Breaks Down" is a 1984 song by English band Prefab Sprout and is the leading single from their second studio album "Steve McQueen". It went to number 25 in the United Kingdom, number 55 in Australia, number 38 in New Zealand and number 42 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart. It has been covered by The Zombies, Lisa Stansfield and Snow Patrol.

Check My Brain

"Check My Brain" is a 2009 song by Alice in Chains. It is the leading single from their fourth studio album "Black Gives Way to Blue". It went to number 92 in the United States, number 62 in Canada and number 1 on the Billboard Hot Rock & Alternative Songs chart. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2010.

Derna, Libya

Derna is a port city in eastern Libya, with a population of around 90,000 to 125,000. It's the administrative capital of Derna District and has a unique location between Jebel Akhdar(also known as Green Mountain), the Mediterranean Sea, and the Libyan desert. The city is diverse with people from different backgrounds.

In September 2023, a catastrophic ("a" "sudden great damage or suffering") flood caused by dam collapses during Storm Daniel which resulted in around 30 million cubic metres of water being released in the city, wiped out about a quarter of the city, resulting in atleast 11,300 deaths and as per Libyan officials more then 10,000 others are injured, and missing residents while the UN aid agency OCHA said the figure was at least 5,000.


Bedtime Story (Madonna song)

"Bedtime Story" is a 1995 song by Madonna and is the third single from her sixth studio album "Bedtime Stories". It was written by Björk and went to number 42 in the United States and Canada, number 4 in the United Kingdom, Finland and Scotland, number 46 in the Netherlands, number 38 in New Zealand and number 5 in Australia.








Flawless (song)

"Flawless" is a 2013 song by Beyoncé and was taken from her fifth studio album "Beyoncé". It was remixed by Nicki Minaj as a single in 2014 and made number 65 in the United Kingdom, number 41 in the United States and number 77 in Ireland.

Lepisosteus

Lepisosteus is a genus of gars in the family Lepisosteidae only known across North America.

The currently recognized species are:



Elevation (song)

"Elevation" is a 2001 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the third single from their 10th studio album "All That You Can't Leave Behind" and went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, Croatia, Scotland and Italy, number 1 in Ireland, Canada, the Netherlands and Portugal, number 2 in Spain and number 6 in Denmark and Australia. It won a Grammy Award in 2002.

Hardeep Singh Nijjar

Hardeep Singh Nijjar (11 October 1977 – 18 June 2023) was an Indian-born Canadian Sikh separatist leader who was involved with the Khalistan movement, which calls for creating an independent Sikh state in India.

While the Indian government alleged that Nijjar was a "designated terrorist", many Sikh groups viewed Nijjar as an advocate for Sikh independence. Upon India's request, International Interpol notices were issued against Nijjar, accusing him of being the leader of pro-Khalistan militant group, Khalistan Tiger Force.

On 18 June 2023, Nijjar was sitting in his pickup truck at the Guru Nanak Sikh Gurdwara in Surrey, British Columbia when he was shot and killed by two masked men.

During the 2023 G20 New Delhi summit, Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi both met at the meeting. Modi spoke about about Sikh protests and Trudeau told Modi about the accusations that India had Nijjar killed.

On 18 September 2023, Trudeau publically accused the Indian government of being linked to the killing of Nijjar, while speaking in parliament. He told India to cooperate with the investigation. The U.S. Ambassador to Canada, said that some intelligence related the murder was shared with Canada. India's foreign ministry denied any involvement in Nijjar's killing.

After these allegations, diplomatic relations between India & Canada deteriorated. Canada expelled an Indian diplomat, and India also expelled a Canadian diplomat in a tit-for-tat move. As of September 2023, the Canadian authorities had not made any arrests in connection with the murder.

Alfred J. Lotka

Alfred James Lotka (2nd Mrch 1880-5th December 1949) was an Austrian-American chemist and mathematician. Today, he is seen as one of the founders of mathematical demography. Lotka parents were American. Lotka studied chemistry in Lemberg (today called Lvov, Ukraine). Today, he is known as one of the author of the predator-prey equations. Today, these equations are still used for many models of population dynamics in ecology.
Every Morning (Sugar Ray song)

"Every Morning" is a 1999 song by Sugar Ray and is the leading single from third studio album "". It went to number 10 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 3 in the United States, number 24 in Ireland, number 21 in Iceland, number 1 in Canada and number 17 in New Zealand and Australia. It was first released in Japan.

US 7-inch, CD, and cassette single

UK, European, Australian, and Japanese CD single

Riot (Three Days Grace song)

"Riot" is the fourth single off of Canadian rock band Three Days Grace's second studio album "One-X". The song was released on November 6, 2007.

The song was able to make it to #12 on the Mainstream Rock, #15 on the Canada Rock, #21 on the Alternative Airplay, and #65 on the Canadian Hot 100 charts. The song was certified Platinum by both Music Canada and the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

The song was written by Adam Gontier about the anger that he was feeling when he was in a rehab facility.

The song along with "Animal I Have Become" appear on the soundtrack to the video game "WWE SmackDown vs. Raw 2007".

Pereira, Colombia

Pereira is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Risaralda Department.

Vito Volterra

Vito Volterra (1880-1940) was an Italian mathematician and physicist. Today, he is mostly known for his work in mathematical analysis. He is one of the authors of the predator-prey equations. In the first world war, he was active in the development of airships. It was him who had the idea to use helium, instead hydrogen for airships. Hydrogen is highly flammable, helium is not. From about 1922, he took positions against the Fascists. In 19333, he refused to take an oath on Mussolini, and left Italy. He spent the last years of his life in Spain and France. Shortly before his death, he briefly returned to Italy.

Santa Marta

Santa Marta is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Magdalena Department. It is on the Caribbean coast. The city was founded on July 29, 1525 by the Spanish conquistador Rodrigo de Bastidas.

San Andrés, San Andrés y Providencia

San Andrés is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of the department of San Andrés, Providencia and Santa Catalina.

Sincelejo

Sincelejo is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Sucre Department.

Mitú

Mitú is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Vaupés Department. It is next to the Vaupés River.

Puerto Carreño

Puerto Carreño is a city in Colombia. It is the capital of Vichada Department.

1965-66 Austrian football championship

The 1965-66 Austrian football championship (Nationalliga) was organized by the ÖFB. The Regionalliga Ost(Vienna, Lower Austria, Burgenland), Regionalliga Mitte (Upper Austria, Styria, Carinthia) and Regionalliga West (Salzburg, Tyrol, Vorarlberg) served as a second level to the National League. 
It was the first season under the name "Nationalliga". There were also new regulations. More professionalism should emerge. There were the terms “contract and licensed players” . Minimum monthly compensation was set. Each club needs a full-time or licensed physical education teacher and two assistant coaches. The grounds had to have a capacity for 10,000 spectators with 1,500 seats and the club had to be based in a town that, including its catchment area (30 km radius), had at least 30,000 inhabitants. With 200,000 inhabitants in the same area another club was able to receive the National League license. The club had to prove that it had an average of 1,500 spectators per game in the year before promotion . It was required that it was economically sound.

The National League Commission had decided to give the upcoming champions a bonus of 55,000 schillings, while the eleventh-placed team would receive another 5,000 schillings. A total of 330,000 schillings had to be paid out.
Dragomir Vukićević, Johann Draxelmayer – Michael Breibert, Josef Wahl, Emmerich Sommer, Bohumil Hruska (C), Walter Stamm, Paul Kozlicek, Felix Latzke, Peter Reiter, Günter Kaltenbrunner, Anton Herzog, Johann Szauer, Werner Bedernik, Karl Skerlan – Coach: Johann Pesser


Pain (Three Days Grace song)

"Pain" is the second single off of Canadian rock band Three Days Grace's second studio album "One-X". The song was released on September 19, 2006.

The song was able to make it to #1 on the Canada Rock, #1 on the Alternative Airplay, #1 on the Mainstream Rock, #44 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and #47 on the Pop 100 charts. The song was certified Platinum by both Music Canada and the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). "Billboard" ranked the song #25 on their list of Greatest of All Time Mainstream Rock Songs.

When writing his tour diary, vocalist Adam Gontier said that the song had a "feeling like you're constantly numb to things around you, thanks to your own actions, and it's about being sick of that feeling."

A music video for the song was released. It was directed by Tony Petrossian. In the video, the band plays in an abandoned warehouse. Multiple young people are shown singing to the song. Most of the actions that the youth do are synced with the same actions that Gontier does. It's shown that they all have a red X tattooed on the back of their necks.

Soledad, Atlántico

Soledad is a municipality in the Colombian department of Atlántico.

San Fernando de Apure

San Fernando de Apure is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of Apure State.

Ciudad Bolívar

Ciudad Bolívar is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of the Bolívar State.

San Carlos, Cojedes

San Carlos is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of the Cojedes State.

San Juan de los Morros

San Juan de Los Morros is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of the Guárico State.

Garena Free Fire

Garena Free Fire, commonly known as Free Fire, is a popular battle royale game developed by 111 Dots Studio and published by Garena. It was released in December 2017 for Android and iOS platforms. As of 2023, Free Fire had surpassed 187 million daily active users.

In September 2021, Garena released Free Fire Max, a graphically improved version of the game with improved textures, lighting, and sound effects. In September 2023, Garena plans to introduce "Free Fire India", a special version of the game customized specifically for the Indian audience. It was originally set to be launched on 5 September 2023, but Garena postponed the date to 25 September citing that they are improving the gameplay.
The game features two main game modes: Battle Royale and Clash Squad. In Battle Royale, 50 players are dropped onto an island where they search for weapons, resources, and supplies. The goal is to be the last player or team standing. As the game progresses, a shrinking safe zone forces players into close combat, making the battle intense. The battle royale mode usually takes 15 minutes to complete a game. Clash Squad is a team-based mode where two teams of 4 players fight each other until one of the team wins 4 round.
Free Fire has collaborated with various artists and brands to introduce exclusive in-game content, including partnerships with DJ Alok, Cristiano Ronaldo, Justin Beiber and BTS. These collaborations have brought unique character skins, emotes, and other items to the game.


Maturín

Maturín is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of the Monagas State.

Tucupita

Tucupita is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of the Delta Amacuro State.

Coro, Venezuela

Coro is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of the Falcón State. It was founded on July 26, 1527 by Juan de Ampíes as Santa Ana de Coro.

In 1993, "Coro and its port La Vela" became a UNESCO World Heritage Site. In 2005, it is on the UNESCO's List of World Heritage in Danger.

Barquisimeto

Barquisimeto is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of the Lara State. It is the fourth largest city by population and area in Venezuela, after Caracas, Maracaibo and Valencia.

2023 AFL Grand Final

The 2023 AFL Grand Final was an Australian Rules Football match to decide the winner of the 2023 AFL season. The match was held on 30 September 2023 and won by the Collingwood Magpies, who defeated the Brisbane Lions by just four points.

The Collingwood Magpies faced the Brisbane Lions in the Grand Final. It also marked 20 years since Brisbane beat Collingwood at the 2003 Grand Final.

<section begin="scoreboard"/>

<section end="scoreboard"/>

Barcelona, Venezuela

Barcelona is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of the Anzoátegui State.

Strutter

"Strutter" is a 1974 song by American rock band Kiss and is the third single from their debut studio album "Kiss". It failed to chart. It has been covered by Extreme and The Donnas. It has appeared on numerous albums after its release.

Los Teques

Los Teques is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of the Miranda State.

La Asunción

La Asunción is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of the Nueva Esparta State.

Come and Get It (1936 movie)

Come and Get It is a 1936 American drama movie co-directed by Howard Hawks and William Wyler and was based on the 1935 novel of the same name by Edna Ferber. It stars Edward Arnold, Frances Farmer, Walter Brennan, Joel McCrea, Mady Christians, Mary Nash and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 2 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1937.


Census town

A census town in India is an urban area which does not have direct rule. Census towns are used in India to collect information for a census. Ireland once used census towns but they now use built-up towns.

Avinissery in Thrissur District of Kerala, Greater Noida and Chakeri in Uttar Pradesh, Indranagar in Tripura, Begampur, Chandpara, Nandigram, Chittaranjan and Beliatore in West Bengal, Chevella in Telangana, Amini in Lakshadweep, Deolali in Maharashtra, Ghatshila in Purbi Singhbhum District of Jharkhand, BGR Township (Bongaigaon Refinery Township) in Bongaigaon Urban Agglomeration of Assam, Pileru in Andhra Pradesh, Chikhli in Gujarat and Ichgam in Jammu and Kashmir are some census towns in India.

Muhammed Majeed

Muhammed Majeed is an American scientist and author of Indian origin. He is known for publishing research on subjects such as "Piperine", "herbal extracts", and "Bacillus coagulans." He is also known for writing books on subjects such as phytonutrients/phytochemicals. Majeed’s work has been cited by over 8,000 publications.

Majeed earned his PhD from St. John’s University. He also received a Master’s degree in Industrial pharmacy from Long Island University’s College of Pharmacy.

Majeed worked in research and development for pharmaceutical companies such as Pfizer, Carter Wallace, and Paco Research. He founded the ingredient supplier and health science company Sabinsa in New Jersey in 1988. He is also the founder of Sabinsa’s parent company, the Sami-Sabinsa Group and its associated R&D company Sami Labs.

Majeed is also the founder of the nonprofit organization the Dr. Majeed Foundation, which has contributed to relief efforts in India.

Majeed has written extensively about the effect of compounds such as piperine on bioavailability. In his literature, he has proposed the use of herbal extracts such as black pepper extracts standardized for high levels of piperine to increase absorption of nutrients into the bloodstream. He holds multiple patents for the use of piperine to increase nutritional compounds’ bioavailability.

Majeed has also written extensive literature on the effects of curcuminoids on biological phenomena such as serum cytokine concentrations, COVID-19 infections, cancer, type 2 diabetes, and skin diseases.

He has also tested herbal extracts from the plant "Coleus forskohlii" as supplements for mitigating weight gain. In addition, he has clinically tested forskolin, another extract from "Coleus forskohlii", as an alternative treatment to beta blockers for glaucoma patients.

Other treatments he has clinically tested include the topical use of Acetyl-11-Keto Beta Boswellic Acid (AKBBA) to treat psoriasis and the use of hydroxycitric acid derived from "Garcinia cambogia" as a weight loss supplement.

Majeed has also published literature on the effects of "Bacillus coagulans" (MTCC 5856) on biological processes such as major depressive disorder, irritable bowel syndrome, and cholesterol levels.


His research includes nutraceutical and ayurvedic products.

He has received several awards for his contribution to standardized ayurveda.

Muhammed Majeed authored books "Nature's Own Supernutrient","Reductive Metabolites of Curcuminoids", "Reductive Metabolites of Curcuminoids" and "Boswellin Anti-Inflammatory Adoptogen From Nature."

Johann Kondert

Johann (Janos) Kondert (born 10 September 1944 in Sächsisch Regen) is a former Austrian football player and coach. He was part of the LASK squad who won the first Bundesliga title for a team outside of Vienna.

Kondert originally comes from Sächsisch Regen in Transylvania. After World War II he came to the Haid Displaced Persons camp in Ansfelden near Linz as a refugee child. At the age of 15 he was already in the first team of the ASK Nettingsdorf. In 1962 he went to LASK. In the 1964–65 season he became champion and cup winner. In 1967/68 he moved to Offenbacher Kickers for the next three years. With them he was promoted to the Bundesliga. After one year in the Bundesliga, the club was relegated back to the Regionalliga Süd, where they were immediately promoted again the following year and won the cup. Kondert moved back to Linz in 1970 and ended his career in 1977. Kondert scored 39 goals in 215 league games for LASK.

He enjoyed great success as a coach at LASK from 1983 to 1987. He made it into the UEFA Cup four times in a row. Other clubs were SK. St. Magdalena, SK VOEST Linz, Kremser SC, Austria Klagenfurt, SV Grieskirchen, LASK Amateure, and LASK again. After Kondert resigned from the coaching position at LASK due to health problems, he took over the coaching position in his adopted hometown of Windischgarsten. In the second year he led the club from second place in the 2nd Class South-East to the 1st Class East. When he resigned from his position as coach after another year, he remained with the club as sporting director until the 2007–08 season.

Translatewiki.net

translatewiki.net (also known as Betawiki) is a web-based translation platform. It uses the Translate extension for MediaWiki. It can be used to translate many differentkinds of text but is commonly used for creating localisations for softwares. It is a wiki so everyone can use it. 



Daotian Middle School

The Daotian Middle School was founded in 1912 by the educator Zhu Jianfan. It was destroyed by the Wenxi Fire in 1938 and reopened in 1995. It is currently located at No. 121 Shazitang Road, Yuhua District, Changsha City, Hunan Province. It is a public full-time high school.

Shri

Shri (; , ) is a Sanskrit term that means wealth and prosperity. It is mainly used as an honorific.

Lots of places use the honorific. Some of them are:


National League System

The National League System is the structure for senior men’s football that operates directly below the English Football League, League Two. It stretches from the National League at Step 1 through to the various County Leagues at Step 7.

In total 57 leagues featuring a total of 84 divisions across the country provide a feeder system through to the English Football League. The National League System aims to provide clubs with a level of competition appropriate to their playing ability, stadium/ground facilities and geographical location. The National League system also provides for the seasonal movement of clubs and provides a clear pathway from Step 7 through to the EFL.

Guanare

Guanare is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of the Portuguesa State.

Cumaná

Cumaná is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of the Sucre State.

Trujillo, Venezuela

Trujillo is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of the Trujillo State.

La Guaira

La Guaira is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of the Vargas State.

Raorchestes echinatus

The spiny bush frog ("Roarchestes echinatus") is a frog. It lives in India. Scientists have seen it in the Western Ghat mountains, between 1464 and 1864 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog in grass.

Scientists think this frog is in some danger of dying out because it lives in only one place, but many of these frogs live there. So if climate change changes the frog's home, all the frogs could die. Human beings come to the frog's home on religious trips.

San Felipe, Venezuela

San Felipe is a city in Venezuela. It is the capital of the Yaracuy State.

Quillota

Quillota is a city and commune in the Valparaíso Region, Chile. It is the capital and largest city of Quillota Province. According to the 2002 census, 75,916 people lived there.


Eleni Foureira

Eleni Foureira (born Entela Fureraj on 7 March 1987) is a naturalised Greek singer and dancer from Albania. In 2007 she was a member of the Greek girl group Mystique. In 2009, Foureira began her solo career and released her first album in 2010. 

Foureira tried several times to represent Greece in Eurovision during her career. In 2018, she was selected to represent Cyprus in the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 with the song "Fuego". She was the runner-up. She performed the following year as an interval act.

Outside of Eurovision, Foureira has made television appearances as a celebrity judge on "So You Think You Can Dance" (2017), "Söngvakeppnin" (2019), "The Final Four" and "The Voice of Greece." She has also acted in several films.

There have been questions about her nationality since the beginning of her career. She originally claimed she was Greek. In 2013, it was discovered Foureira was Albanian (her family moved to Greece when she was four due to the Albanian Civil War). In 2018, she said that she became a Greek citizen through descent, as her grandfather was Greek.

Bafoussam

Bafoussam is a city in Cameroon. It is the capital and largest city of the West Region, in the Bamboutos Mountains. In 2019, about 600,000 people lived in the urban area.

The city is the region's center of trade. Coffee, tobacco and tea are grown here. It has also a coffee processing facility and brewery. The city is the home of the Bamileke people.

It has three communes: Commune of Bafoussam I (Bafoussam), Commune of Bafoussam II (Baleng) and Commune of Bafoussam III (Bamougoum).

Eurovision Song Contest 2006

The Eurovision Song Contest 2006 was the 51st edition of the Eurovision Song Contest. It was held in Athens, Greece (following Greece's victory in the 2005 contest). It saw 37 countries participate, with Armenia taking part for the first time while the Serbia and Montenegro did not return. The show was presented by Maria Menounos and Sakis Rouvas.

The winner was decided by a public vote (televote). Viewers from each country voted for their favorite acts. Each country awarded 12, 10 and 8–1 point(s) to their 10 favourite songs (with each number only being used once).

The "Big Four" and the ten highest-scoring countries from the previous contest automatically qualified for the final. A semi-final, held on 18 May 2006, was held to decide which countries would get the remaining ten places in the final.

The final was held on 20 May, 2006. The grand final opened with a ballet dance, symbolizing the birth of Greece. 

UNICEF photo of the year

UNICEF Photo of the Year is an award given to photos and short documentary movies which show the "personality and living conditions of children around the world". The award is given to professional photographers, who have been preselected and recommended to UNICEF by a jury. The head of the jury (as of 2023), is Rolf Nobel, a German photographer.
Every two years, Photokina in Cologne shows a selection of the best pictures of the preceding two years.

Julio-Claudian family tree

At first, the Julia family and the Claudia family were separate families living in the Roman Empire. 

However, around the first half of the 1st century AD, they merged into one huge family tree as a result of marriages and adoptions between those family members. 

The Julio-Claudian dynasty was the first dynasty of the Roman emperors. All emperors and their families from that dynasty were descendants of the Julii Caesares family and probably even from the Claudii family.

Marriages between the possible descendants of Sextus Julius Caesar and Claudii have occured around the end of the BC era, but the merged Julio-Claudian family tree resulted mostly from adoption and marriages between around the second half of the 1st century BC and the first half of the 1st century AD. Note that the names and identities of family members from the Julli Caesares before Julius Caesar's grandfather's birth is partially guessed by modern-day scholars.

Ajvar

Ajvar (Cyrillic script: Ajвар) is a type of condiment made from bell peppers and eggplants. It is popular in the Balkans. Ajvar tastes hot and spicy. It is also a bread spread.

Gaius Julius Caesar (governor of Asia)

Gaius Julius Caesar (pronounced in Latin as Gaius Julius Kaesar; 140 BC – 85 BC), was a Roman senator, a Governor of Asia, and the supporter of Gaius Marius, his brother-in-law, was father to Roman dictator Julius Caesar.

Gaius Julius Caesar was born 140 BC. When he was a adult, Caesar was married to Aurelia Cotta, a member of the Aurelii and Rutilii families. 
They had two daughters named Julia Major and Julia Minor. 
Julius Caesar, who was their only son, the Ancient Roman dictator, was born 100 BC. He was brother to Sextus Julius Caesar, who was active as consul in 91 BC. Caesar's progress through the "cursus honorum" is well known, although the specific dates and his offices are disputed. According to ancient Roman records, Caesar was commissioner in the Cercina Colony, a military tribune, a quaestor, a praetor, and a Governor of Asia. It is unknown specifically when Caesar held these offices. The colony is probably one of the Ancient Roman colonies owned by Marius 103 BC. 

Caesar died 85 BC, whilst putting his shoes on, in the morning hours. He died from undetermined and suspicious-like causes. Another man with the last name Caesar died similarly in Pisa.
Cercina

Cercina is a "frazione" (rural borough) of the municipality of Sesto Fiorentino, in the Metropolitan City of Florence, located in central Italy. It is located on the slopes of Mount Morello.

Cercina has some things to offer for sightseeing, which includes:

Cercina was once a colony of Ancient Rome, 103 BCE, and was probably one of the colonies owned by Gaius Marius. Marius' brother-in-law, Gaius Julius Caesar, a Roman senator who was the father of Roman dictator Julius Caesar, was once commissioner of the colony here in modern-day Cercina. 

On 12 June 1944 during World War II, the Italian partisans Anna Maria Enriques Agnoletti, captain Italo Picaggli, Fernando Panerai, Pietro Ghergo, Dante Romagnoli Fiorenzo Franco were shot here in Cercina for fighting for the independence of Italy from German rule. A memorial was made and dedicated here in their honor. 

Rohingya conflict

The Rohingya conflict is an ongoing conflict in the north of Rakhine State of Myanmar. Most people in the state are Buddhists, but the Rohingya are Muslims. During the World War II, the Rohingya fought with the British, against the Buddhists. For their fighting, the British promised them a Muslim state. After the war, Burma became independent, and was now called Myanmar. It did not create such a state though.

Magnan, Gers

Magnan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Magnas

Magnas is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Maignaut-Tauzia

Maignaut-Tauzia is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Malabat

Malabat is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Manas-Bastanous

Manas-Bastanous is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Manciet

Manciet is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Manent-Montané

Manent-Montané is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Mansempuy

Mansempuy is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Mansencôme

Mansencôme is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Marambat

Marambat is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Maravat

Maravat is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Marestaing

Marestaing is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Margouët-Meymes

Margouët-Meymes is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Malpertuis (movie)

Malpertuis is a 1971 Belgian French German fantasy horror movie directed by Harry Kümel and is based on the novel of the same name. It stars Orson Welles, Susan Hampshire, Michel Bouquet, Mathieu Carrière, Jean-Pierre Cassel, Daniel Pilon.


Black Wings (movie)

Black Wings () is a 1963 Polish drama movie directed by Ewa Petelska and Czesław Petelski and starring Kazimierz Opaliński, Czesław Wołłejko, Zdzisław Karczewski.

Three Days in Moscow

Three Days in Moscow () is a 1974 Soviet comedy movie directed by Aleksey Korenev and starring Semyon Morozov, Natalya Varley, Stanislav Sadalskiy, Valentina Sperantova, Anatoly Vedyonkin.

Marguestau

Marguestau is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Marseillan, Gers

Marseillan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Marsolan

Marsolan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Mascaras, Gers

Mascaras is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Mas-d'Auvignon

Mas-d'Auvignon is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Masseube

Masseube is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Mauléon-d'Armagnac

Mauléon-d'Armagnac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Maulichères

Maulichères is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Maumusson-Laguian

Maumusson-Laguian is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Maupas, Gers

Maupas is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Maurens, Gers

Maurens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Mauroux, Gers

Mauroux is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Meilhan, Gers

Meilhan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Mérens

Mérens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ali La Pointe

Ali Ammar (; 14 May 1930 – 8 October 1957), better known by his nickname Ali la Pointe, was an Algerian revolutionary fighter and guerrilla leader of the National Liberation Front who fought for Algerian independence against the French colonial regime, during the Battle of Algiers.
Ali Ammar was born on 14 May 1930 in Miliana, Algeria. He belonged to a poor family. The young Ali had a very difficult childhood during which poverty was prominent by the outbreak of the First World War, while the Algerians were already suffering the horrors of French colonization. The family's financial situation did not allow him to attend school and hence, he used to work in the fields of the settlers. Later, his family moved to Casbah.

At a young age, Ali Ammar faced many hardships as he tried to help his family survive. He strongly disliked the colonial system in Algeria that oppressed his people. Ali rebelled against this injustice. When he was just thirteen, he got into trouble for standing up to a French policeman. After serving time in prison, he learned masonry in Algiers. He also enjoyed boxing at the Algiers Sports Club. However, his rebellious nature led to more prison sentences for various crimes, including theft, assault, and attempted homicide.

In 1954, when the Algerian War broke out, he escaped from the Barberousse prison (Prison de Barberousse) where he was serving a two-year sentence for an attempted murder.

Seeing his potential, FLN (National Liberation Front) militants explained to him that Algeria was a victim of colonialism and recruited him to their cause. After a trial conducted by Yacef Saadi to test his commitment (which he successfully passed) he was hired in the FLN. Within few months he became an important member of FLN. Ali first suggested the idea to FLN leaders of a hidden passageway that, in case of alert, would let fighters reach the terraces of the houses near hideouts quickly. This idea was used often. Ali used his skill as a mason to make the tunnels. According to Christopher Cradock and M.L.R. Smith, "the chief assassin" for FLN. After some figures of the local underworld suspected of being informants were executed by Ali, such as Rafai Abdelkader, Said Bud Abbot and Hocine Bourtachi, he "sowed terror" in the casbah, according to Marie-Monique Robin, a documentary filmmaker and TV journalist by applying "revolutionary instructions, such as not allowing drinking alcohol or smoking".
After three years of armed struggle (April 1955-October 1957), Ali La Pointe was spotted on October 8, 1957 by the colonial armed forces in a Casbah building located at 5, rue des Abderrames. He was killed in the company of Mahmoud Bouhamidi, Hassiba Ben Bouali, Zohra Drif and Omar Yacef, known as P'tit Omar, aged twelve, after the paratroopers of the 3rd Foreign Parachute Regiment (REP), commanded by Colonel Bigeard, who blew up the house with explosive devices where they had taken refuge. This action led to the collapse of an adjoining building which caused the death of atleast 24 other Algerians, including 8 children. At the time of his death, Ali La Pointe was 27 years old.

All the french press at the time reported on the events that “Ali La Pointe blowed himself up” with the stock of explosives he held instead of reporting that “he was attacked in his lair("a secret or hidden place") by paratroopers”. It is not much doubted that the objective of these propaganda was clearly aimed to not make him a martyr so as not to push young Algerians to follow his path.
The character of Ali la Pointe is portrayed in the Italian-Algerian film 'The Battle of Algiers,' by Brahim Haggiag directed by Italian director Gillo Pontecorvo.

Pietra Ligure

Pietra Ligure is a "comune" in the Province of Savona in the Liguria region in Italy.

Pietra Ligure is twinned with:

Maupas

Maupas is the name of two communes in France:

Rocky Mount Mills

Rocky Mount Mills, located in Rocky Mount, North Carolina, was the second cotton mill built in the state of North Carolina. It was built in 1816. Capitol Broadcasting Company bought the mills in 2007 and has since made it into a mixed-use campus of breweries, restaurants, lofts, offices, and event space.

Riccardo Poli

Riccardo Poli (5 November 1910 - 23 September 2023) was an Italian footballer.

Diama Dam

The Diama Dam, sometimes called the Maka–Diama Dam (French: "Barrage de Maka-Diama") is a gravity dam on the Senegal River. It goes across the border of Senegal and Mauritania. It is next to the town of Diama, Senegal. It is about north of Saint-Louis, Senegal. The dam was built to stop saltwater intrusion upstream, supply water for the irrigation of about of crops, and create a road crossing for the road between St. Louis and Nouakchott in Mauritania. Additionally, a ship lock built in the dam allows navigation upstream. Plans for the dam were first made in 1970 when the riparian states in the Senegal River Basin Development Authority agreed to develop the Senegal River. The Diama Dam was to be built along with the Manantali Dam which was to be in Mali. Construction on the Diama Dam began on 15 September 1981 and was completed on 12 August 1986. The Manantali Dam was completed in 1988. The Diama project was funded by a US$149.5 million loan from the African Development Bank. The main section of the dam with the ship lock and spillway is long while a long embankment dam section goes north to the edge of the river. A dike makes the dam go even further north. The dam is tall and its spillway has a maximum discharge of .

The small town of Diama is known as a border crossing to and from Mauritania. This is because the dam is the only land bridge between the two countries.

Bradley

Bradley may refer to:



Drop the World

"Drop the World" is the fifth single off of American rapper Lil Wayne's seventh studio album "Rebirth". The song was released on February 9, 2010. The song also features American rapper Eminem.

The song was able to make it to #18 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, #19 on the UK R&B Chart, #24 on the Canadian Hot 100, #43 on the Irish Singles Chart, #51 on the UK Singles Chart, and #56 on the ARIA Charts charts. The song was certified 5× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

In the song, Wayne and Eminem rap about their struggles and how they find strength inside themselves to rise above it.

A music video for the song was released. It was directed by Chris Robinson. In the video, Wayne is walking around and raps in an run down city. Rioters skateboard and run around the streets. They destroy stuff and throw molotov cocktails. Eminem raps while standing on a pile of rubble beside Wayne. 

Chan Siu Yuk

Chan Siu Yuk is an archer from Hong Kong. She was born on 21 December 1955. Siu Yuk competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Fok Ming Shan

Fok Ming Shan is an archer from Hong Kong. He was born on 5 July 1958. Ming Shan competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics and the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Sous

The Sous region (also spelt Sus, Suss, Souss or Sousse) is a historical part of Morocco, which is part of the administration of Souss-Massa and Guelmim-Oued Noun. The region is known for the argan tree (which has become a symbol of Souss) as well as for being the capital of the Shilha Berber ethnic group. It is a big commercial and tourist region of the Kingdom. Vegetable production, shared between very big farms and small producers, helps the economic development of the region. The Souss plain produces 40% of Moroccan citrus fruits, and 60% of the production of early vegetables. It was historically a big part of trans-Saharan trade.

Medieval Arab geographers split the Sous region into two sub-regions: al-Sūs al-Aqṣā, or "farther Sus", and al-Sūs al-Adnā, or "nearer Sus". Sus al-Aqsa was the southern/western part, and Sus al-Adna was the northern/eastern part; however, there were never any exact boundaries between the two. The capital of the Sous was at Igli. There was also a ribat at Massa near the Atlantic coast.

Café Yumm!

Café Yumm! is a fast casual restaurant chain with outlets in the Pacific Northwest of the United States.

Founded in Eugene, Oregon, Café Yumm! outlets focus on fast, casual, cheap, and healthy cuisine, and some menu items feature the company's original signature sauce.

San Carlos, Córdoba

San Carlos is a municipality in the Córdoba Department in northern Colombia.

Undercut (hairstyle)

The undercut is a hair style. It was popular in the 1910s to 1940s and came back in style in the 1980s and 2010s. In this style, the hair on the top of the head is long and the back and sides are shaved short. It is similar to curtained hair from the 1990s.

The undercut has been around for a long time. Even Vikings and some Native Americans wore similar styles. In the past, it was often worn by poor people or gang members. In the 1920s and 1930s, it became a common style for everyone. Soldiers in World War I and in Nazi Germany also had this haircut. It was popular again in the 1960s but then went out of style.

The undercut became popular again in the late 1980s and early 2010s. People who liked certain types of music, like new wave and electronic music, started wearing it. Famous people like Macklemore and Kim Jong Un also had this haircut. Some people did not like it because it reminded them of the past, but many people wore it as a fashion statement.

Curtained hair

Curtained hair or curtains is a simple hairstyle. It has long fringe divided in the middle or a side parting, with short sides and back. This style is mostly for males. It became very popular in Europe, North America, and Japan in the 20th and 21st centuries.

Curtained hair started in the Edwardian era. People used it as a practical alternative to longer hair. It was popular because it was easy to manage during sports like rugby football. This style stayed popular for a long time, and famous people like Mao Zedong and Fred Trump had it.

In the early 20th century, young working-class men and street gangs also liked this haircut. It was useful in street fights because long hair could be a disadvantage.

In the late 1980s and 1990s, curtained hair came back. Fans of different music styles and bands like The Happy Mondays and Blur popularised it in the UK. Famous people like David Beckham and Tom Cruise also wore this style.

In the early 2020s, the hairstyle became popular again because of social media app TikTok and K-pop. Many young people find it attractive.

Many famous actors like Tom Cruise in "" and Leonardo DiCaprio in "Titanic" have worn this hairstyle. It is also seen in manga, anime, and video game characters like Trunks from "Dragon Ball" and Squall Leonhart from "Final Fantasy VIII". Many K-Pop stars, including members of BTS and EXO, also have this haircut.
Canalete

Canalete is a municipality in the Córdoba Department in northern Colombia.

Kwango River

The Kwango or Cuango (; ) is a river in Angola and Democratic Republic of the Congo. The length is . It is the largest left bank tributary of the Kasai River.

List of rivers of Senegal

This is a list of rivers in Senegal.

Casamance River

Doué River

Falémé River

Gambia River, Geba River

Koulountou River

Niokolo Koba

Saloum River, Senegal River, Sine River

Borgo Val di Taro

Borgo Val di Taro is a "comune" in the Province of Parma in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Medesano

Medesano is a "comune" in the Province of Parma in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Pellegrino Parmense

Pellegrino Parmense is a "comune" in the Province of Parma in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Love bombing

When a person tries to infuence another person by showing attention or affection, this is called love bombing. It can be used in different ways, and it is possible to use love bombing either for positive or negative purposes. Psychologists say that love bombing may be part of a cycle of abuse. Love bombing has also been used in a group, to fight against a society, which is seen as hostile. In 2011, clinical psychologist Oliver James advocated love bombing in his book "Love Bombing: Reset Your Child's Emotional Thermostat", as a means for parents to correct emotional problems in their children.

The term love bombing was first used in the 1970s, by new religious movements. The Unification Church used it. Family International also used it. Psychology professor Margaret Singer reported on the concept. In her 1996 book, "Cults in Our Midst," she writes:

Modern social media makes love bombing easy. The abuser can stay in contact with the victim nearly all the tiime. A sign of love bombing can be that at the start of a relationship, there is a lot of attention during a short period of time; there also is a form of pressure for a very very rapid commitment.

Another sign of love bombing is being intensely showered with affection, gifts, and promises for the future with the predator. The victim feels or is made to believe that all this is a sign of "love at first sight". Since such signs of affection and affirmation may meet felt needs and not look harmful at the surface, the excitement of such a new relationship often does not appear as cause for alarm. However, after the initial excitement, when the victim shows interest or care about anything beyond their new partner, the manipulator may show anger, passive-aggressive behavior, or accuse the victims of selfishness. If the victim does not comply to demands, the devaluation stage begins: the abuser withdraws all affection or positive reinforcement and instead punishes the victim with whatever they feel is appropriate—shouting, beratement, mind games, silent treatment, or even physical abuse.

An article in "Cosmopolitan" explains:

The expression has been used to describe the tactics used by pimps and gang members to control their victims.

Excessive attention and affection is not a form of love bombing if there is no intent or pattern of further abuse. Psychologist Dale Archer explains: 


Albina Kelmendi

Albina Kelmendi (born 27 January 1988) is a Kosovo-Albanian singer and songwriter. She was born in Peja, Kosovo (then part of Yugoslavia), to a family of singers.

In 2014, she was the runner-up of the fourth season of "The Voice" "Albania." The next year, she took part in the 12th edition of Top Fest (an Albanian music competition).

In 2022, Albina and five members of her family (mother, father, sister and brother) took part in Albania's entry selection for the Eurovision Song Contest 2023. They were chosen to represent Albania with the song "Duje".

At Eurovision, the family performed "Duje" under the group name "Albina & Familja Kelmendi" ("Albina and the Kelmendi Family"). They finished 22nd in the grand final.

Parakou

Parakou is the largest city in northern Benin. It is the capital of the Borgou Department. In 2012, 206,667 people lived there.

Since 2015, the mayor is Souradjou Adamou Karimou.

Rocquencourt, Yvelines

Rocquencourt is a former commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Le Chesnay-Rocquencourt.

Fourqueux

Fourqueux is a former commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the commune of Saint-Germain-en-Laye. It is a small suburb 20 km west of Paris.

Notre-Dame-de-la-Mer

Notre-Dame-de-la-Mer is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2019 and consists of the former communes of Jeufosse (the seat) and Port-Villez.

Jeufosse

Jeufosse is a former commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Notre-Dame-de-la-Mer.

Port-Villez

Port-Villez is a former commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France. On 1 January 2019, it was merged into the new commune of Notre-Dame-de-la-Mer.

San Lazzaro di Savena

San Lazzaro di Savena is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna. About 32,000 people live there. It is near Bologna.

The former World Cup alpine ski racer Alberto Tomba was born here.

Castel Maggiore

Castel Maggiore is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Metropolitan City of Bologna

The Metropolitan City of Bologna () is a metropolitan city in the Emilia-Romagna region, Italy. Its capital is "de facto" the city of Bologna. It replaced the Province of Bologna and was created on 1 January 2015.

Metropolitan City of Florence

The Metropolitan City of Florence () is a metropolitan city in the Tuscany region, Italy. Its capital is the city of Florence. It replaced the Province of Florence and was created on 1 January 2015.

Sala Bolognese

Sala Bolognese is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Lee Anderson

Lee Anderson (born 6 January 1967) is a British politician. He has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for since 2019. He has been a member of Reform UK since 11 March 2024. He was a member of the Conservative Party, and was a Deputy Chairman of it from February 2023 to January 2024.

Before he was a politician he was a coal miner. He has also worked for Citizens Advice. His political career started in 2015 when he was elected as a Labour Party councillor for Huthwaite and Brierley ward of the . He was suspended from the Labour party in 2018 over a dispute about the Traveller community (Roma people). After his suspension he defected to the Conservative Party. In 2019 he was elected as the councillor for the Oakham ward of the . He was also elected as a Member of Parliament in 2019. He stopped being a councillor in 2021. He continued being a MP. In January 2024, Anderson resigned, along with Brendan Clarke-Smith, as Deputy Chairman of the Conservative Party, in order to vote for an amendment on the Safety of Rwanda (Asylum and Immigration) Bill. The amendment, put forward by Bill Cash, would "ensure UK and international law could not be used to prevent or delay a person being removed to Rwanda."

Anderson had his Conservative parliamentary whip suspended on 24 January 2024, after saying that "Islamists" controlled London. He joined Reform UK on 11 March 2024, becoming their first MP.

Climate of France

France has both an oceanic climate and a continental climate. 
Coastal cantons, for example Normandy and Brittany have an oceanic climate. 
Whilst inland cantons, for example Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes, have a continental climate. 

The highest temperature ever recorded in France was on 28 June 2019 in Vérargues.

The lowest temperature ever recorded in France was on 17 January 1985 in Doubs. 

Guaranda

Guaranda is a city in Ecuador. It is the capital of Bolívar Province.

Azogues

Azogues is a city in Ecuador. It is the capital of Cañar Province. About 40,000 people live there. It is known for its Panama hat industry.

Santa Elena, Ecuador

Santa Elena is a city in Ecuador. It is the capital of both the province and the canton of the same name.

Puerto Baquerizo Moreno

Puerto Baquerizo Moreno is the capital of Galápagos Province, Ecuador. It is on the southwestern coast of San Cristóbal, the easternmost island in the archipelago, and is the capital of San Cristóbal Canton.

Macas

Macas is a city in Ecuador. It is the capital of Morona Santiago Province.

Tena, Ecuador

Tena is a city in Ecuador. It is the capital of Napo Province.

Puerto Francisco de Orellana

Puerto Francisco de Orellana is a city in Ecuador. It is the capital of Orellana Province.

Puyo, Pastaza

Puyo is a city in Ecuador. It is the capital of Pastaza Province.

Puyo

Puyo may refer to;


Santo Domingo, Ecuador

Santo Domingo or Santo Domingo de los Colorados is a city in Ecuador. It is the capital of Santo Domingo de los Tsáchilas Province.

Nueva Loja

Nueva Loja is a city in Ecuador. It is the capital of Sucumbíos Province.

Zamora, Ecuador

Zamora is a city in Ecuador. It is the capital of Zamora-Chinchipe Province.

Durán, Ecuador

Durán is a city in Ecuador. It is in the Guayas Province.

Chimbo

Chimbo is a town in the Bolívar Province in Ecuador. It is the capital of Chimbo Canton.

Miélan

Miélan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Miradoux

Miradoux is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Miramont-d'Astarac

Miramont-d'Astarac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Miramont-Latour

Miramont-Latour is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Mirannes

Mirannes is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Monbardon

Monbardon is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Monblanc

Monblanc is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Monbrun

Monbrun is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Moncassin

Moncassin is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Monclar, Gers

Monclar is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Monclar-sur-Losse

Monclar-sur-Losse is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Linnich

Linnich is a town in Düren in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

VIA Iveria

VIA Iveria (Georgian: ივერია, Russian: ВИА Иверия) was a Georgian music band ensemble founded in 1968 that gained popularity in the Soviet Union in the 1970s. The group's art director was Alexander Basilaia. The group sang both Georgian folk and contemporary songs, wrote and performed Argo/Lemotif or Nai-Nai-Nai and Jays Wedding musicals, and released 6 vinyl albums on Melodiya label.


Stuntin' Like My Daddy

"Stuntin' Like My Daddy" is the first single off of American rappers Birdman and Lil Wayne's collaborative studio album "Like Father, Like Son". The song was released on July 18, 2006. There was a rock remix of the song by Travis Barker which was released on October 31, 2006.

The song was able to make it to #5 on the Hot Rap Songs, #7 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, #21 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and #31 on the Rhythmic charts. Both the song and ringtone were certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

In the song, Birdman and Wayne rap about how they get money. Birdman reps his record label and Wayne also raps about how he is better than other rappers.

A music video for the song was released. In the video, Birdman and Wayne's house is getting raided and they escape on motorcycles. After getting chased by a car, they stop at a house and jump into somebody's car. Birdman raps while getting a tattoo and sitting in a room full of money and women. They jump out and run away from the car as a helicopter blows it up. 

Capture of Kishangarh Fort

The Capture of Kishangarh Fort in Rajasthan State India took place during the 1965 War between India and Pakistan It had captured one of the most important actions of the Desert Theater.This war is the finest example of the use of local militia in the history of the Sub-Continent.

The outpost is around 11 kilometres (Lat 27.871 N,Lon 70.563 E) inside Indian territory, in the so-called Jaisalmer Bulge. It is a small mud Structure 70 by 60 metres across. It sits 22 km east of the town of Tanot towards the International border. It also sits on the only road linking any part of Rajasthan with the Pakistani city of Rahim Yar Khan.

The Desert Sector was a mere sideshow in the 1965 Indo-Pakistan War. Both sides had little experience in desert fighting at the time, and moreover the main industrial, and economic heartland of Pakistan and India were to the north. As a result when war came the Indians main effort would be against Lahore and Sialkot in the Punjab. However the Indians left some forces in the region with the aim of launching local offensives. Pakistani army troops in the region were already very stretched, having to defend a sector nearly a thousand km in length. To counteract this effort, the commander Pakistan Army Rangers asked the local people for help.

The Hurs were and are the main tribe living in this area. A proud and fierce people, the Hurs had given the British a difficult time. They had rebelled during World War II against British rule. At the time of the 1965 War the spiritual leader of the Hur was the Pir Pagaro.

The Hurs had earlier not joined the Pakistan Army in any numbers, however with the coming of war, thousands volunteered to fight against the Indians. The Hurs were (due to constraints of finances as well as time) given only basic training and armed with light weapons such as machine guns and assault rifles. The militia was placed under the Pakistani military and para-military forces operating in the sector (known collectively as the "Desert Force"). The Hur militia was commanded by the Faqir Jamal Mangrio.

The war began on 6 September 1965 and the hostilities in this sector commenced on September the 8th. Initially the Desert Force and the Hur was placed in a defensive role, a role for which they were well suited as it turned out. The Hur were familiar with the terrain and the local area and possessed many essential desert survival skills which their opponents (and indeed their comrades in the Pakistan Army) did not. Fighting as mainly light infantry, the Hur inflicted many casualties on the Indian forces as they entered Sindh. The Hurs were also employed as skirmishers, harassing the Indians LOC, a task they often undertook on camels. As the battle wore on the Hurs and the Desert Force were increasingly used to attack and capture Indian villages inside Rajasthan. It was in this vein that an assault on Kishangarh fort was launched. The attack surprised the Indians and the fort was captured after several days of bitter fighting.

History of Indo-Pak War of 1965. Lt Gen Mahmud Ahmed (ret). ISBN 969-8693-01-7 

The Kill

"The Kill" (written as The Kill (Bury Me)) is the second single off of American rock band Thirty Seconds to Mars' second studio album "A Beautiful Lie". The song was released on April 10, 2006.

The song was able to make it to #1 on the Alternative Airplay, #1 on the Mainstream Rock, #3 on the Adult Top 40, #60 on the Mainstream Top 40, and #60 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts.

Vocalist Jared Leto said about the song: "It's really about a relationship with yourself. It's about confronting your fear and confronting the truth about who you are."

A music video for the song was released. The music video pays tribute to the 1980 movie "The Shining".

Superman (It's Not Easy)

"Superman (It's Not Easy)" is the second single off American rock singer Five for Fighting's second studio album "America Town". The song was released on April 16, 2001.

The song was able to make it to #1 on the Adult Top 40, #2 on the Adult Contemporary, #7 on the Adult Alternative Airplay, #14 on the "Billboard" Hot 100,and #15 on the Mainstream Top 40 charts. The song was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

The song is sung from the point of view of the superhero Superman. In the song, Superman says that even though he is loved for being a hero, it isn't easy being him.

A music video for the song was released. In the video, Five for Fighting sings in different locations. Playing the piano in an apartment, singing on the streets and on a cliffside, in the back of a car, at a party, and in the woods. Throughout the video, a couple is also shown. At the end of the video, he lies down in a bed with a woman and a baby.

Raorchestes indigo

Roarchestes indigo is a frog. It lives in India, high in the mountains where small trees grow. Scientists have seen it between 1400 and 1700 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in forests high in the mountains where the trees do not grow tall. It lives on the ground near the dead leaves. People have not seen this frog in grasslands. Scientists think this frog hatches out of its egg as a small frog, like other frogs in "Raorchestes" do.

Scientists say this frog is at some risk of dying out because it only lives in one place: Kudremukh National Park. They also say that, if climate change makes the places where the frog lives too dry, then it could be in much danger of dying.

Scientists think the fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis" could kill this frog through the disease chytridiomycosis.

Mrs. Officer

"Mrs. Officer" is the fourth single off of American rapper Lil Wayne's sixth studio album "Tha Carter III". The song was released on September 11, 2008. The song also featured American singer Bobby Valentino and American rapper Kidd Kidd.

The song was able to make it to #3 on the Hot Rap Songs, #3 on the Rhythmic, #5 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, #16 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and #34 on the Mainstream Top 40 charts. The original song was certified 3× Platinum and the mastertone was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

In the song, Wayne raps about being pulled over by a female police officer and them having sex in the back of her cruiser. Wayne even references the 1988 N.W.A song "Fuck tha Police" but in a more literal sense.

A music video for the song was released. The video takes place an hour after the "A Milli" music video. In the video, Wayne plays a guitar beside Bobby Valentino while sitting on the hood of a police car. Wayne speeds down the road while being chased by an officer. She pulls him over and takes him to the back of her cruiser to have sex. Many women dress as cops appear and dance in the video. Valentino dressed as a cop takes mugshots of women.

The International Cat Association

The International Cat Association (TICA) is a cat registry that was established in the United States in 1979. It is one of the largest cat organizations in the world. Originally a North American organization, it now has a global reach. It has its own cat-breed standards and operates a cattery.

Spotted gar

The spotted gar ("Lepisosteus oculatus") is a freshwater fish native to North America. It has black spots, hence its name. They have an elongated mouth with many needle-like teeth to catch other fish and crustaceans.

A diet study of the spotted gar reported the diet of a spotted gar consists of four species of fish; golden topminnow, warmouth, bluegill, and spotted sunfish, which adds to 18.1% of total food volume in the stomach.

Mary Berg

Miriam Wattenberg (April 2013), better known by her pseudonym Mary Berg, was a Polish-born, half-American, Jewish girl who kept a diary written mostly while Poland was German-occupied. during World War II. During the first months of World War II many Jews from Łódz (before their imprisonment in the Łódz Ghetto in April 1940), including Mary and her family escaped to Warsaw which was much safer for Jews at the time. But in the following months of their stay there, the situation of Jews got almost as bad, and by October 1940, they and other Jews from Warsaw were forced to live in the Warsaw Ghetto. 

They stayed in the ghetto for almost two years. Because of their American connection, in July 1942, Miriam and her family left the Warsaw Ghetto on a transport to a prison in Kawiak where they would be detained. They stayed in the prison for a few months. Mary and her family tried to escape, but were unsuccessful. Because of this in January 1943, they left on a transport to the Vittel internment camp in France, in which people who tried to escape were imprisoned. The family departed the Vittel internment camp. On 1 March 1944, they boarded a train to Lisbon, the capital city of Portugal. They arrived in their destination three days later on 4 March. By then, many inmates of Vittel, including Mary's roommate, had been deported to Auschwitz. In Lisbon, the Berg family boarded SS Grispholm for the voyage to the United States. It was there where she published her diary.

The diary is written between 10 October 1939 and 7 March 1944, in the Polish language. The diary was first published as a book in February 1945 by the publishing company L.B. Fischer, in the United States. The diary went out of print in the 1950's. The diary was first published as a book in Poland in 1986. The diary was republished in the United States in 2006, under the book title as "The diary of Mary Berg: growing up in the Warsaw Ghetto", and again on 1 April 2009.


On 10 October 1939, Mary Berg wrote the first entry in a new notebook of her diary. In the first entry of her diary she wrote that several years ago she did write a diary (which is lost), but stopped, but eventually decided to continue writing, several years later. The last entry in her diary is dated 7 March 1944, more than three years later after she wrote the first entry in her diary.
Independent Love Song

"Independent Love Song" is a 1995 song by British band Scarlet and was taken from their debut album Naked. It went to number 12 in the United States, number 10 in Scotland and Ireland, number 2 in the Netherlands and number 14 in Iceland.



Longnose gar

The longnose gar ("Lepisosteus osseus") is a species of gar in the genus "Lepisosteus" found in North America. They are also the only species of gars found in New Mexico. They live in lakes, brackish water near coastal areas, swamps, and sluggish backwaters of rivers and streams.

They have an olive brown to green, torpedo-shaped body armored with ganoid scales. They have elongated, spade-like jaws and sharp, cone-shaped teeth on each side of the upper jaw.
Currently, no management of this species is being conducted. However, some states have listed it as threatened, like South Dakota.


Lunar Jim

Lunar Jim is a 2005-07 animated preschool-oriented stop-motion television show produced in Canada by Halifax Film and Alliance Atlantis, and aired in the USA as well on Discovery Channel and V-Me. The show is based on an original concept created by Alexander Bar. (Season 1) was Executive Produced by Jeff Rosen. It was script-edited in seasons by Peter Sauder. Season two was helmed by award-winning veteran producer/writer Jed MacKay. Ben Zelkowicz provided the voice of Jim.

Fung Yik

Fung Yik is an archer from Hong Kong. He was born on 3 December 1959. Yik competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Lai Chi Hung

Lai Chi Hung is an archer from Hong Kong. He was born on 19 November 1971. Chi Hung competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Macy Lau

Lan Fong Macy Lau is an archer from Hong Kong. She was born on 27 June 1956. Lau competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Lee Kar Wai

Lee Kar Wai "Calvin" is an archer from Hong Kong. Kar Wai competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Lo Kam Kuen

Lo Kam Kuen is an archer from Hong Kong. He was born on 23 August 1959. Kam Kuen competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Elsa Katz

Elsie "Elsa" Katz (born Elsie Taussig; ) was a Czech-born Jewish woman who kept a diary documenting daily life of inmates in the Theresienstadt Ghetto during World War II. She began writing the diary in 1943 after her eldest daughter Eva died from disease in the ghetto. The diary is written in 1943 and 1944. The diary was first discovered in August 1944 (the same month she died), by Elsa's daughter Vera in her mother Elsa's bed. After the war ended, Vera made her mother's diary available for publication.

Elsie Katz was born as Elsie Taussig on in Prague, Austria-Hungary (modern-day Czech Republic). As a adult, she married Hugo Lederer, but when their marriage relationship ended (because he died or they got divorced), she married Sigefried Katz.
They had two daughters, Eva (the oldest) and Vera (the youngest), ranging from 1924 to 1926. Their lives were disrupted by the German invasion of Bohemia and Moravia (provinces of Czechoslovakia) in March 1939. When those provinces surrendered, the Germans began occupying Bohemia and Moravia. Over the years, the persecution and deportation of the Jews began. On 8 May 1942, Elsa, her mother, her husband and their two daughters were put on transport to Theresienstadt. Elsa's mother was in a semi-conscious state, when they arrived in the ghetto, and therefore died shortly afterwards. After her, Elsa's daughter Eva died one year later in 1943 from a disease. 
The conditions of the ghetto were so horrible that Elsa, and many other inmates, catched tuberculosis and later got gravely ill and weak.

In the first week of August 1944, the Nazis ordered inmates who had tuberculosis to be sent to Auschwitz, so they can die in the gas chambers. Vera wanted to go to Auschwitz with her mother Elsa, so she would not be alone, so Vera asked a Nazi guard whether she could also go, but to their surprise, the guard allowed both Elsa and her daughter Vera to stay behind in the Theresienstadt Ghetto. Elsa died sometime later on 6 August 1944, from tuberculosis, at the age of 51. Her body was later buried. Her husband died in the Theresienstadt Ghetto in 1944 (the same year Elsa died). The same month her mother died, Vera discovered a notebook in Elsa's bed. When she opened and read it, she found out that it was a diary which was written by her mother.
Ng Wing-Nga

Ng Wing-Nga is a Hong Kong archer. She was born on 13 December 1962. Wing-Nga competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Wong-Lau So-Han

Wong-Lau So-Han is a Hong Kong archer. She was born on 25 April 1946. So-Han competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Steve Yuen

Steve Yuen is an archer from Hong Kong. He was born on 27 August 1959. Yuen competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

István Balázs

István Balázs is an archer from Hungary. He was born on 15 February 1952. Balázs competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Mátyás Balogh

Mátyás László Balogh is an archer from Hungary. He was born on 5 October 1999. Balogh competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Agnes Hamvas

Agnes Hamvas is an archer from Hungary. She was born on 3 September 1946. Hamvas competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Tímea Kiss

Tímea Kiss is an archer from Hungary. She was born on 19 January 1973. Kiss competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Judit Kovács

Judit Kovács is a retired archer from Hungary. She was born on 7 January 1956. Kovács competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics, 1992 Summer Olympics, and the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Evidence (Faith No More song)

"Evidence" is a 1995 song by Faith No More. It is the third single from their fifth studio album "King for a Day... Fool for a Lifetime". It went to number 32 in the United Kingdom, number 31 in Scotland, number 42 in the Netherlands, number 27 in Australia, number 38 in New Zealand and did not fare well in the United States.

Béla Nagy

Béla Nagy is a archer from Hungary. He was born on 27 July 1943. Nagy competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Rockdale

Rockdale is the name of several places:


Independence Day (song)

"Independence Day" is a 1994 song by country singer Martina McBride and is the third single from her second studio album "The Way That I Am". It went to number 12 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and was nominated for 2 Grammy Awards in 1995. It was originally offered to Reba McEntire who turned it down.

In 2019, Martina McBride performed the song as the opener to the 53rd CMA Awards alongside a host of other women in country music. Those featured were: Martina McBride, Dolly Parton, Carrie Underwood, Gretchen Wilson, Reba McEntire, Jennifer Nettles, Karen Fairchild, Kimberly Schlapman, The Highwomen, Tanya Tucker, Crystal Gayle, Terri Clark and Sara Evans.

Marina Szendey

Marina Szendey is an archer from Hungary. She was born on 8 July 1971. Szendey competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Margit Szobi

Margit Szobi is a retired archer Hungary. She was born on 21 May 1951. Szobi competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

No Place That Far (song)

"No Place That Far" is a 1998 song by country singers Sara Evans featuring Vince Gill. It is the title track from her second studio album "No Place That Far". It went to number 37 in the United States, number 4 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 1 on the Canadian RPM Country Track charts. It was covered by Westlife.

Talking in Your Sleep (Crystal Gayle song)

"Talking in Your Sleep" is a 1978 originally recorded by the band Marmalade and failed to chart. The Crystal Gayle version was the most successful recorded and is the leading single from her fifth studio album "When I Dream". It went to number 18 in the United States, number 11 in the United Kingdom and Canada and number 5 in Ireland. It topped the country single charts in the United States and Canada.

Electrical Storm (song)

"Electrical Storm" is a 2002 song by Irish rock group U2 and is the leading single from their second greatest hits album "The Best of 1990–2000". It went to the top 10 in the United Kingdom, Ireland, New Zealand, Australia, the Netherlands, Norway, Switzerland, Scotland, Austria, Australia, Denmark, Hungary, Greece, Finland, number 1 in Italy, Spain, Portugal and Canada and number 77 in the United States.

List of MPs elected in the 2019 United Kingdom general election

In the United Kingdom's (UK) 2019 general election each parliamentary constituency elected one member. There are 650 constituencies and so 650 members of Parliament (MPs) were elected to the House of Commons. The new Parliament first met on 17 December 2019.

The Conservative Party gained the most seats in the election. The Scottish National Party increased their number of seats. The Social Democratic and Labour Party returned to the House of Commons for the first time since their defeat in the 2017 general election, and the Alliance Party also returned for the first time since their defeat in the 2015 general election. The Labour Party, Plaid Cymru and Democratic Unionists all lost seats.

24% of the members elected in the 2019 election were elected for the first time, or were not members of the previous parliament.

The label under which MPs sit in the House of Commons can change if they leave or are suspended from or expelled by their party. When suspended, they effectively become independents.

The majority is calculated as above.

<nowiki>*</nowiki> Sinn Féin MPs do not take up their seats in the House of Commons, therefore are unable to vote.
<nowiki>**</nowiki> The Speaker does not ordinarily vote, except for breaking ties.

Sanghamitta

Sanghamitta was the daughter of Emperor Ashoka, the Great Mauryan Emperor. She played a crucial role in the spread of Buddhism, accompanying her brother Mahinda to Sri Lanka as a Buddhist missionary. Sanghamitta is known for bringing a sacred Bodhi tree sapling to Sri Lanka, where it was planted, becoming an important symbol of Buddhism on the island.

Her efforts in Sri Lanka contributed to the growth and preservation of Buddhism in the region.

Miracles from Heaven (movie)

Miracles from Heaven is a 2016 American Christian drama movie. It was directed by Patricia Riggen. The movie was written by Randy Brown. It is based on "Miracles from Heaven" by Christy Beam, The movie tells the true story of her young daughter who had a near-death experience. Her daughter was later cured of an incurable disease. The movie stars Jennifer Garner, Kylie Rogers, Martin Henderson, John Carroll Lynch, Eugenio Derbez and Queen Latifah. 

Principal photography began in Atlanta, Georgia, in July 2015. The movie was released on March 16, 2016. It was financially successful, The movie became the 8th highest-grossing Christian movie in the United States. The critics did not all like the movie but most said that Garner's performance was very good.


Lana Del Rey's 2023 tour

Lana Del Rey went on tour in 2023. It was her sixth tour and does not have a name. It started on May 27 and ended on October 5. The tour is for her album "Did You Know That There's a Tunnel Under Ocean Blvd".

Lana Del Rey went on the Norman Fucking Rockwell! Tour in 2019. She got sick and could not finish the tour in 2020. Because of COVID-19, Del Rey could not tour until 2023. Her new tour was announced in early 2023.

These are the songs that Lana Del Rey sang in Quebec City, Canada. She did not always sing the same songs at every show.


2025 UEFA Champions League final

The 2025 UEFA Champions League final will be a match of the 2024–25 season, Europe's top club football tournament. It's the 70th season, and they changed the name to UEFA Champions League 33 seasons ago. The final will happen on May 31, 2025, at Allianz Arena in Munich, Germany. It's the first final with the new Swiss-system format. The winners will face the Europa League winners in the 2025 UEFA Super Cup.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Raorchestes flaviocularis

Roarchestes flaviocularis is a frog. It lives in India. Scientists have seen it between 1459 and 1569 meters above sea level in the Western Ghat mountains. People have seen it between 1400 and 1600 meters above sea level.

People have seen this frog on "Ochlandra" grass and high up in the trees where the branches come together like a roof.

Scientists say this frog is in danger of dying out because it lives in such a small place, and this place is changing. Climate chance could kill this frog: Because many frogs live high up in the hills, they cannot move away north if their home becomes hotter. The fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis", which causes the disease chytridiomycosis, can live on other frogs in "Raorchestes", so scientists think it could infect this frog.

Ashfield (UK Parliament constituency)

Ashfield is a constituency of the UK Parliament. It is in the county of Nottinghamshire in the East Midlands. The constituency is the Erewash Valley. It is is to the north west of the city of Nottingham, and alongside the border with neighbouring county of Derbyshire.

Ashfield was created in 1955, and is considered to is part of the Red Wall. The red wall is a term used in British politics to describe UK Parliament constituencies in Midlands and Northern England that traditionally vote Labour. However in 2019 many of these constituencies voted for the Conservative Party. Ashfield was one of these constituencies as it voted for Lee Anderson, a member of the Conservative Party. Before 2019 Ashfield only voted for the Conservatives once, in a by-election in 1977 when Tim Smith won the constituency. Smith represented the constituency for two years until he lost it in the 1979 general election . Apart from 1977 and 2019, Ashfield has voted for Labour. In the 2016 referendum on membership of the European Union, they voted 70% in favour of Brexit.

The constituency has the market towns of Kirkby-in-Ashfield, Sutton-in-Ashfield, Huthwaite and Eastwood. Coal mining was once a significant part of the economy. Historically many people in the area were employed in coal industry, and former coal miners live the area. Current MP Lee Anderson once worked as a coal miner.

1955–1974: The Urban Districts of Eastwood, Kirkby-in-Ashfield, and Sutton-in-Ashfield. In the Rural District of Basford the parishes of Annesley, Bestwood Park, Brinsley, Felley, Linby, Newstead, Papplewick, and Selston.

1974–1983: The Urban Districts of Hucknall, Kirkby-in-Ashfield, and Sutton-in-Ashfield. In the Rural District of Basford the parishes of Annesley, Felley, and Selston.

1983–2010: The District of Ashfield wards of Jacksdale, Kirkby-in-Ashfield Central, Kirkby-in-Ashfield East, Kirkby-in-Ashfield West, Selston, Sutton-in-Ashfield Central, Sutton-in-Ashfield East, Sutton-in-Ashfield North, Sutton-in-Ashfield West, Underwood, and Woodhouse, and the Borough of Broxtowe wards of Brinsley, Eastwood East, Eastwood North, and Eastwood South.

2010–present: The District of Ashfield wards of Jacksdale, Kirkby-in-Ashfield Central, Kirkby-in-Ashfield East, Kirkby-in-Ashfield West, Selston, Sutton-in-Ashfield Central, Sutton-in-Ashfield East, Sutton-in-Ashfield North, Sutton-in-Ashfield West, Underwood, and Woodhouse. Also the Borough of Broxtowe wards of Brinsley, Eastwood North and Greasley Beauvale, and Eastwood South.

The Ashfield constituency has been represented by a Secretary of State. Between 1992 and 2010 the constituency was represented by Geoff Hoon. Between 1999 and 2005, Hoon was Defence Secretary in Tony Blair's cabinet. Between 2008 and 2009, Hoon was Transport Secretary in Gordon Brown's cabinet. 

For only two years since its creation in 1955 and up until 2019 has the constituency been represented by a party other than Labour. Tim Smith of the Conservative Party won the constituency in a by-election in 1977. Smith represented the constituency until he lost in the 1979 general election. In 2019 the constituency was won again by the conservatives. It was won by Lee Anderson. Anderson was a member of the labour party, however joined the Conservatives in 2018 after he was suspended from Labour.


Ashfield

Ashfield may refer to:


Joris Schouten

Joris Jan Schouten (23 September 1926 – 3 July 2021) was a Dutch politician. As a member of the Catholic People's Party and Christian Democratic Appeal he served in the Senate (1980–1981; 1983–1991).

Schouten died in Amersfoort on 3 July 2021, aged 94.

Susan Graham

Susan Graham (born 20 August 1968) is a New Zealand taekwondo athlete. She competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and 1992 Summer Olympics. Taekwondo was a demonstration sport at those Olympics. She competed in the heavyweight class. Graham won the silver medal in the 1992 competition. 

At the 1992 Asian Taekwondo Championships, she won the bronze medal in the heavyweight category.

Toxicity (song)

"Toxicity" is the second single off of American rock band System of a Down's second studio album "Toxicity". The song was released on January 22, 2002.

The song was able to make it to #3 on the Alternative Airplay, #10 on the Mainstream Rock, and #70 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts. The song was certified Platinum by the Federazione Industria Musicale Italiana (FIMI) was also certified 3× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). VH1 ranked the song #14 on their list of 40 Greatest Metal Songs. 

The song was first going to be called "Version 7.0". Odadjian said in an interview: "I called it 'Version 7.0.' At the time, AOL was around, and it was at Version 5.0. I was like, 'When this song comes out, it'll be on Version 7.0, and we'd be telling the future.'"

During their 2005 Download Festival performance, songwriter Daron Malakian said that the song was about having attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) before playing it.

A music video for the song was released. It was directed by Marcos Siega and Shavo Odadjian. In the video, the video swaps between the band playing in a white room and playing on a stage. Footage of homeless people and prostitutes, are shown over the bodies of the band. The band eats sunflower seeds together while sitting on a couch. The stage sinks and a crowd emerges around where the band is playing where they start a moshpit.

Miriam Muñoz

Miriam Aracely Muñoz Cadena (born 24 February 1967) is a Mexican pelotari. She won the gold medal at the 1992 Summer Olympics, where Basque pelota was a demonstration sport, in the women's frontenis doubles event together with Rosa María Flores. 

She became world champion at the 1990 Basque Pelota World Championships, 1994 Basque Pelota World Championships and 1998 Basque Pelota World Championships; also together with Rosa María Flores. At the Basque pelota competitions at the 1995 Pan American Games she won a gold medal in the Frontenis event and won also a silver medal.

Sergio Varisco

Sergio Varisco (10 July 1960 – 27 May 2021) was an Argentine politician and member of the Radical Civic Union. He was a member of the Argentine Chamber of Deputies from 2005 to 2009, and mayor of Paraná from 1999 to 2003, and 2015 to 2019.

On 30 December 2019, he was sentenced to six and a half years in prison as a "necessary participant" in the crime of drug marketing, money laundering and drug trafficking.

Varisco died on 27 May 2021, aged 60, from pneumonia.

Kateřina Holásková

Kateřina Holásková (born 9 March 1991) is a Czech volleyball player, playing as a Middle blocker. She is part of the Czech Republic women's national volleyball team.

She competed at the 2018 Women's European Volleyball League, and 2019 Women's European Volleyball League, winning a gold medal, 2019 EuroVolley, and 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Challenger Cup.

On club level she played for VK TU Liberec, TJ Sokol Šternberk, SK UP Olomouc, and VC Kanti Schaffhausen.

Simona Bajusz

Simona Bajusz (born Simona Kopecká ‎ 28 November 1993) is a Czech volleyball player, playing as a setter. She is part of the Czech Republic women's national volleyball team.

She competed at the 2017 Summer Universiade, 2019 Women's European Volleyball League, winning a gold medal. 2022 FIVB Women's Volleyball World Champpionship, and EuroVolley 2023.

On club level she played for PVK Olymp Praha, VK Dukla Liberec, and VK Prostějov.

Kristýna Šustrová

Kristýna Šustrová (born 10 November 2001) is a Czech volleyball player, playing as a Opposite. She is part of the Czech Republic women's national volleyball team.

She competed at the 2019 Women's European Volleyball League, winning a gold medal, and 2019 FIVB Volleyball Women's Challenger Cup.

On club level she played for VK Dukla Liberec.

Isabelle Aubret

Isabelle Aubret (born Thérèse Coquerelle; 27 July 1938) is a French singer. She has released many songs over her career, which began in the 1950s.

In 1961, she participated in France's entry selection for the Eurovision Song Contest. She was runner-up. The next year, Aubret was selected to represent France for the Eurovision Song Contest 1962 with the song "Un premier amour". She won the contest.

She tried to represent France again in 1970, 1976 and 1983 but was not chosen on all three occasions. 

Aubret was supposed to play the main role of the film "Les parapluies de Cherbourg", but Aubret was injured in a car accident which killed one other person.

Zebulon, North Carolina

Zebulon ( ) is the town in Wake County, North Carolina, United States that is farthest to the east. The population was 6,903 at the 2020 census. Zebulon is part of the Research Triangle metropolitan region. Five County Stadium, the stadium of the Carolina Mudcats minor league baseball team, is in the town. In May 2022, Zebulon was listed as North Carolina's second fastest growing town, only behind the nearby town of Wendell.

Rubzewitz Ghetto

The Rubzewitz Ghetto was a Nazi ghetto which was established in German-occupied Poland and which held and exterminated Polish-born Jews. The ghetto was located in the Polish village of Rubzewitz, German-occupied Poland (modern-day Rubiezewicze, Republic of Belarus). The ghetto was liquidated for the final time in the spring of 1942, with all of it's inhabitants being transported to other ghettos or labor camps (most of the inhabitants were sent to Camp Dwortz).

Pillory

A pillory was a device used to punish or humiliate people. It was mainly used in the Middle Ages. It consisted of a plate, usually made of wood or iron. This plate had holes, and was fixed on a pole, which was put in a public plane. Victims would have their head and arms fixed in the plate. They would be unable to move, and at the mercy of those passing by. A similar device, which was usd to fix the feet, was called the stocks.

Ensemble cast

An ensemble cast is a group of characters in a work of entertainment (such as a book, movie, television series or theatre) where there is no main character. 

In an ensemble cast, all characters are given the same amount of time and storylines. Many films with ensemble casts also use famous actors to play the characters.

Examples of media with ensemble casts are: "The Avengers", "Murder on the Orient Express", "Star Wars", "Cats" and "Friends".

Aerials (song)

"Aerials" is the second single off of American rock band System of a Down's second studio album "Toxicity". The song was released on June 11, 2002.

The song was able to make it to #1 on the Alternative Airplay, #1 on the Mainstream Rock, and #55 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts. The song was certified Silver by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) was also certified 2× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The song was nominated for Best Metal Performance at the 45th Grammy Awards but lost to Foo Fighters' "All My Life". Loudwire ranked the song #14 on their list of the 10 Best System of a Down Songs. Kerrang! Ranked the song #3 on their list of The 20 greatest System Of A Down songs. 

The song is about how a person can end up changing, losing their individuality and conforming to be like everybody else. During an interview with MTV, drummer John Dolmayan said: "It's a gentle song, but at the same time, it has a lot of angst coming out. It was one of those things where it was just instant. We all felt it. It came together real fast, like it was meant to be put together that day."

A music video for the song was released. It was directed by David Slade and Shavo Odadjian. The video begins on a empty, dusty planet. Inside a tent is a family with a deformed young boy. In th next scene, the boy seems to be a celebrity with his face on billboards and hanging out with women and lowriders. He talks to the paparazzi and goes to a photo shoot.

Vahana

Vahana is a creature or object that carries one of the Hindu gods. Almost always they are animals. The gods are usually shown with their vahana. Nandi the bull, vehicle of Shiva, represents strength and virility. Dinka the mouse, vehicle of Ganesha, represents speed and sharpness. Parvani the peacock, vehicle of Kartikeya, represents splendor and majesty. The hamsa, vehicle of Saraswati, represents wisdom, grace, and beauty.

Sheila Reid

Sheila Reid (born 21 December 1937) is a Scottish actress. She has appeared in many movies and television series. Her first role was in 1960 in the television series "Inside Story."

Reid is known for her appearances in several British television shows including "Doctor Who", "Casualty" and "Midsomer Murders". Her most famous role is Madge Harvey in the sitcom "Benidorm".

Maluku (province)

Maluku is a province of Indonesia. It is the central and southern Maluku Islands. The largest city and capital of Maluku province is Ambon on the small Ambon Island. It is next to North Maluku, Southwest Papua, and West Papua in the north, Central Sulawesi, and Southeast Sulawesi in the west, Banda Sea, Australia, East Timor and East Nusa Tenggara in the south and Arafura Sea, Central Papua and South Papua in the east. The land area is 46,150.92 km 1,533,506 people lived there in 2010, rising to 1,848,923 at the 2020 census.

George Habash

George Habash (1926-2008) also known by his nickname Al-Hakim (the wise one), was a Palestinian revolutionary and political leader. He was born in Lydda, Palestine. Habash was the founder of Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP), a famous Palestinian armed resistance group. He remained a significant figure in Palestinian politics until his retirement in 2000. George Habash died in 2008.
Habash was born in Lydda (today's Lod) to a Greek Orthodox Christian Palestinian family in 1926.

Habash was a medical student at the American University of Beirut. After finishing at the top of his class in medical school in 1951, George Habash went on to work as a Doctor in refugee camps in Jordan. He partnered with Wadie Haddad to run a clinic in Amman. Habash held a strong belief that the existence of Israel should be brought to an end using any available methods, including political violence.

Habash died on 26 January 2008, at the age of 81 due to a cardiac arrest in the Jordan Hospital in Amman, Jordan.


Archivo

Archivo is a grotesque sans serif typeface designed by Héctor Gatti and released in 2012. It is available on the Omnibus Type website. In 2016, it received an award at the "Tipos Latinos" Latin American typeface design competition. Archivo has two main variants, Archivo Narrow and Archivo Black.

Archivo Narrow is a condensed version of the original, better for compact spaces like headlines. Archivo Black is thicker and has a more prominent appearance. The Archivo font family has a classic style similar of fonts from the 1800s. In 2021, it was updated to become a "variable" font, allowing it to vary in thickness and width.

Archivo supports a lot of file formats, it also contains 641 glyphs and supports up to 200 languages, making it suitable for both print and online usage. Also, it is an open-source font, meaning one can freely use it without attribution or licensing fees for personal or commercial projects. You can also download it from GitHub, Google Fonts, and other sources online.


Queen of the House

"Queen of the House" is a 1965 song by country singer Jody Miller and is the title track to her second studio album "Queen of the House". It went to number 12 in the United States and number 68 in Australia and won a Grammy Award in 1966. It is an answer to the Roger Miller song "King of the Road".

7" vinyl single (North America)

7" vinyl single (Greece)

Bacolod

Bacolod is the capital and largest city in the province of Negros Occidental despite being politically independent from it. Also, it is a 1st class highly-urbanized city in Western Visayas Region, Philippines.

With a total of 600,783 inhabitants as of the 2020 Philippines census, it is the most populous city in Western Visayas and the second most populous city in the entire Visayas after Cebu City.

Bacolod City is well known all for its Masskara Festival during the month of October. The Masskara Festival is hosted by Bacolod City during the first two weeks of October. A horde of visitors, both local and foreign, enjoys twenty days of beer drinking, dining, and street dancing at the Masskara Festival. Talk about serious Filipino partying.

Davao del Sur

Davao del Sur (; ), officially the Province of Davao del Sur, is a province in the Philippines located in the Davao Region in Mindanao. Its capital is Digos. Davao City is the largest city in terms of area and population within the province's jurisdiction, yet it is administratively independent from the province; as such, Davao City is only grouped for geographical and statistical purposes.

1949-50 Austrian football championship

The 1949-50 Austrian football championship (Staatsliga A) was organized by the ÖFB. It was the first season where teams from all federal states were allowed to play. A total of six different leagues served as a substructure to the State League A, which were connected via a comprehensive relegation round.




Franz Viehböck

Franz Viehböck (born 15 October 1935) is a former Austrian football player. He played as midfielder and was part of the LASK squad, who won the first Bundesliga titel for a team outside of Vienna. He also played for the Austrian national football team
He started his career in 1961 with SVS Linz. In 1964 he went to LASK. There he stayed until the end of his career in 1975. For LASK he played 405 matches (329 league matches) and scored 74 goals. 
Franz Viehböck played 18 matches for the Austrian national football team and scored 2 goals. His first match was on 5 January 1962 in a 0–1 loss versus Egypt. His last match was on 30 October 1966 in a 1–3 loss versus Hungary. 

Negros Occidental

Negros Occidental, officially the Province of Negros Occidental, is a province in the Philippines located in the Western Visayas region. Its capital and largest city is Bacolod, of which it is geographically situated and grouped under by the Philippine Statistics Authority, but remains politically independent from the provincial government.

Its capital is the city of Bacolod, of which it is geographically situated and grouped under by the Philippine Statistics Authority, but remains politically independent from the provincial government.

Misamis Oriental

Misamis Oriental is a province located at Northern Mindanao or Region X. The capital and largest city is Cagayan de Oro wherein geographically located but administratively independent from the province.

Iloilo

Iloilo is a province in the Philippines located in the Western Visayas region. Its capital and largest city is Iloilo City, the regional center of Western Visayas and administratively independent despite being grouped by the province.

Zamboanga del Sur

Zamboanga del Sur (), officially the Province of Zamboanga del Sur, is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Zamboanga Peninsula region in Mindanao. Its capital is the city of Pagadian. It is grouped with the very urbanized City of Zamboanga but the two are geographically separated from each other. The city also has its own government.

The province borders Zamboanga del Norte to the north, Zamboanga Sibugay to the west, Misamis Occidental to the northeast, and Lanao del Norte to the east. To the south is the Moro Gulf.

2016–17 UEFA Champions League group stage

The 2016–17 UEFA Champions League group stage started on 13th September and finished on 7th December 2016. There were 32 teams in the group stage, and they played to determine the 16 teams that would go on to the next round of the 2016–17 UEFA Champions League


<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

List of justices of the Supreme Court of the Philippines

This is the list of associate justices of the Supreme Court of the Philippines from 1901 to present.

Living


Dola Banerjee

Dola Banerjee is an Indian archery. She was born on 2 June 1980. Banerjee competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics and the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Rahul Banerjee (archer)

Rahul Banerjee is an Indian archer. He was born on 15 December 1986. Banerjee competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Category;People from Baranagar

Diergaarde Blijdorp

The zoo is a member of the Dutch Zoo Federation and the European Association of Zoos and Aquaria. In 2007, it celebrated its 150th anniversary.

Republic of Ireland women's national football team

The Republic of Ireland women's national football team (Irish: "Foireann sacair ban Phoblacht na hÉireann") represents Ireland in events like the FIFA Women's World Cup and the UEFA Women's Championship. They recently played in their first World Cup in 2023. They also participate in tournaments like the Algarve Cup, Istria Cup, Cyprus Cup, and Pinatar Cup. The team is organized by the Women's Football Association of Ireland.

2015 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2015 UEFA Champions League final was the last match of the 2014–15 UEFA Champions League season. It took place on June 6, 2015, at the Olympiastadion in Berlin, Germany. The teams were Juventus from Italy and Barcelona from Spain. Both teams had the chance to win their national league, cup, and the Champions League, which is a big achievement. Barcelona scored first through Ivan Rakitić, then Juventus equalized with Álvaro Morata's goal. Later, Luis Suárez scored for Barcelona, and Neymar sealed their victory. It was Barcelona's fifth Champions League win and their second treble (winning all three major competitions) after 2009. Unfortunately for Juventus, it was their sixth loss in a European Cup final, which is the most by any club.

As the winners, Barcelona played against the winners of the 2014–15 UEFA Europa League, Sevilla, in the 2015 UEFA Super Cup, which they won 5–4. They also qualified for the 2015 FIFA Club World Cup in Japan and won that by beating Argentina's River Plate in the final.

"Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away)."

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Mangal Singh Champia

Mangal Singh Champia is an Indian archer. He was born on 9 November 1983. Singh Champia competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Dhulchand Damor

Dhulchand Damor is an Indian archer. He was born on 8 August 1964. Damor competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Atanu Das

Atanu Das is an Indian archer. He was born on 5 April 1992. Das competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

2014 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2014 UEFA Champions League final was the last match of the 2013–14 UEFA Champions League, a top European football tournament. It happened on May 24, 2014, in Lisbon, Portugal, and featured Spanish teams Real Madrid and Atlético Madrid. Real Madrid won 4–1 after extra time, with goals from Gareth Bale, Marcelo, and Cristiano Ronaldo. This was their 10th title, 12 years after their ninth.

Real Madrid, as winners, got to play against Sevilla in the 2014 UEFA Super Cup and reached the semi-finals of the 2014 FIFA Club World Cup as the UEFA representative, winning both competitions.

"Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away)."

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Estonian National Army

The Estonian National Army was an army serving the country of Estonia in the Baltic Region, this army was against the ideologies of communism, fascism, and more.

Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act

Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act is a law in India to prevent illegal activities.

The law is known as the "Anti-terror law".

List of settlements in Illinois

You may be looking for:


Gudetama

Gudetama is a fictional character created by the Japanese company Sanrio. The name "Gudetama" is a combination of the Japanese words for lazy ("gudegude") and egg ("tamago") meaning a lazy egg yolk. Gudetama was created by Emi Nagashima. Gudetama became popular because many saw the character as relatable. Gudetama isn't as popular as Hello Kitty, but certainly profitable. Gudetama was in a show in Japan from 2014 - 2020. It is the main character of "Gudetama: An Eggcellent Adventure". Video games and comics also exist. There are branded airplanes and trains. Restaurants have served Gudetama-themed foods. The character has featured on clothing, stationery and toys.

1854 Broad Street cholera outbreak

The Broad Street cholera outbreak (or Golden Square outbreak) was an outbreak of cholera that happened in 1854 near Broad Street (now Broadwick Street) in Soho, London, England. The even happened during the worldwide 1846–1860 cholera pandemic. The outbreak caused the deaths of 616 people. It is best known for the physician John Snow's study of what caused it. He said that germ-contaminated water was the source of cholera. The common belief was that it was caused by particles in the air. This was referred to as "miasma". His discovery led to changes in public health. It also caused changes to the construction of sanitation facilities in the mid-19th century. 

Cinnamon roll

A cinnamon roll is a sweet roll from Sweden. The Swedish word for it is "kanelbulle." 

A cinnamon roll is a rolled sheet of dough onto which a cinnamon and sugar mixture (or other ingredients) is mixed with butter. The dough is rolled, cut and baked. The deep fried version is called a cinnamon bun doughnut. Its ingredients are flour, cinnamon, sugar, and butter, which provide flavor.

Roman traders introduced cinnamon to Europe. Later, Sweden began using it in pastries, developing the "kanelbulle". Since 1999, October 4 has been Cinnamon Roll Day. Swedish dough also contains cardamom, giving it a distinctive flavor. Haga, Gothenburg is known for large cinnamon rolls. These are called "hagabullar." "Hagabullar" are usually or more and are not a shared roll. Each person usually orders one.

Nayanthara

Nayanthara (born Diana Mariam Kurian; 18 November 1984) is an Indian actress and movie producer who works mostly in Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam films. In 2023, Nayanthara did her first Bollywood film through the film "Jawan", starring alongside Shahrukh Khan. she is a recipient of Five Filmfare award south.

She made her acting debut"(first appearance in public)" with the Malayalam film "Manassinakkare" in 2003. She has appeared in more than 80 films. She is also called as the "Lady Superstar" of Indian cinema.

Eurovision Song Contest 2024

The Eurovision Song Contest 2024 is the upcoming 68th edition of the Eurovision Song Contest. The contest will take place on 11 May 2024 and have semi-finals on the 7th and 9th of May. 

The contest will be held in Malmö, Sweden, following their win at the 2023 contest with the song "Tattoo" by Loreen. 37 countries will take part in the contest. Luxembourg will return to the contest for the first time in 31 years.


The Grand Final of Eurovision 2024 will have 26 countries taking part. These include the Big 5 (France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom), the host country Sweden and ten countries from each of the two semi-finals. 

The first semi-final will be held on the 7th of May 2024. Fifteen countries competed in this semi-final while Germany, Sweden and the UK also performed. All countries from this semi-final will be able to vote, as well as viewers from non-participating countries under one "rest of the world" online vote. The ten countries with the most votes will qualify for the final.
The second semi-final will be held on the 9th of May 2024. Sixteen countries took part in this semi-final while France, Italy and Spain also performed their songs. All countries from this semi-final will be able to vote, as well as viewers from non-participating countries under one "rest of the world" online vote. The ten countries with the most votes will qualify for the final.
The Grand Final will take place on the 11th of May 2024. The finalists include Sweden, the Big 5 and twenty countries which qualified from the semi-finals. The winner will be decided by a combination of music experts known as 'the jury' and a televote from the viewers. 

Miracles from Heaven

Miracles from Heaven: A Little Girl, Her Journey to Heaven, and Her Amazing Story of Healing is a memoir written by American writer Christy Beam. The book was published on 14 April 2015. Beam wrote the book about her daughter, Annabel Beam.

Sony Pictures Entertainment has created a movie adaptation of the book with the same name. Jennifer Garner, Kylie Rogers, Queen Latifah, Martin Henderson, and Eugenio Derbez are actors in the movie.


Berserk (manga)

Berserk is a seinen manga series written and drawn by Kentaro Miura from 1989 to 2021. It follows the main character Guts and the other members of the mercenary group the "Band of the Hawk". It takes place in the medieval time period. The series has been praised for its characters and artwork. "Berserk" was made into an anime multiple times, the most important ones are from 1997 and 2016. Publication was paused because of the death of its author Kentaro Miura, but it has since been continued by his assistants and childhood friend Kouji Mori. There is a lot of violence in "Berserk."

The series follows main character Guts and his story as a mercenary starting when he is a child. He is born from his mother's dead body, and his adoptive mother dies of plague three years later. The leader of the mercenaries, Gambino, teaches him how to fight. Guts is forced to leave the group he grew up in after killing his drunk father Gambino to defend himself. After losing a duel to Griffith, he joins Griffith's "Band of the Hawk" group. In his time with them he becomes friends with Casca, Judeau, Gaston, Rickert, Pippin, and more. Together, they fight for money and become famous for their success. Guts finds out about a necklace Griffith has called the "Behelit". In one battle, they fight a monster named Nosferatu Zodd who beats Guts and Griffith, but leaves after seeing the Behelit and warns Guts that "Death will pay you a visit". Guts becomes famous for beating an army of 100 soldiers alone. 

The band become heroes for winning a war that started a hundred years ago. For this, the king of Midland gives some of them noble titles. Guts hears Griffith say that he can only be friends with someone who has their own ambitions, and he decides to leave the Band of the Hawk after they win the war. Griffith tries to make Guts stay by winning another duel, but he loses and Guts leaves. Griffith feels powerless because he couldn't keep Guts, so he spends the night with the king's daughter. While trying to leave, he is caught by the palace guard and sent to be tortured. The Band of the Hawk are hunted by the army of Midland and Casca becomes their leader. As Guts is resting, he meets a mysterious Skull Knight who gives him an unspecific warning and leaves.

One year later, Casca and the remainder of the Band of the Hawk are saved from a sneak attack by Guts. After Casca fails to kill herself, she and Guts talk about their past to each other and have sex. With the help of Guts, the Band of the Hawk rescues Griffith from prison. Griffith notices that he lost the Behelit, but can not speak because his tongue was cut off. On the orders of the king, they are chased by the Black Dog Knights, an army of criminals lead by Wylad. Wylad turns into his true form as a monster. He almost kills Guts and Griffith, but they are saved by Nosferatu Zodd. When Wylad does, he is sucked into a vortex and his original body as a little old man is revealed. They learn that the king's torture removed Griffith's tongue and many of the muscles he needs to fight.

After seeing a vision, Griffith tries to run away from camp. He falls down and finds the Behelit again. As the band get close to him, the moon begins begins to cover the sun and starts a solar eclipse. The band are trapped inside the eclipse. Four giant demons appear and Griffith is grabbed by a gigantic hand as the rest of the band are attacked by demons. Griffith sacrifices everyone in the eclipse so he can become the fifth member of the "God Hand". Judeau and Pippin die protecting Casca. Guts goes into a fit of rage, but he can't protect Casca from the demons. Griffith, now reborn as Femto, rapes Casca. Guts cuts off his left arm to escape a demon, but he is pinned down and can't do anything. The Skull Knight breaks into the eclipse to save Guts and Casca, but everyone else from the Band of the Hawk die except Rickert, the youngest one who was waiting outside.

Guts wakes up 4 days later in the cave of the blacksmith Godot. Casca has lost all her memories, she does not know who Guts is and cannot speak. Guts runs away until night time, when he is attacked by spirits. The Skull Knight tells him that he was marked for sacrifice during the eclipse and will be attacked by the spirits every night. Guts finds Casca giving birth to his child, which has been possessed by evil and deformed by Femto's rape. They return to Godot's cave and Guts gets a new mechanical arm that has a cannon inside and new armour. Guts' new sword breaks when they are attacked by a big monster, but he beats it using the "Dragonslayer" sword that he is famous for. The Dragonslayer is as long as he is tall and wider than his head. Soon after this, he leaves Godot and declares war against the demons and the God Hand.

"Berserk" is considered a very important and influential dark fantasy series. Gene Park from The Washington Post said Guts influenced the look of the main characters from Final Fantasy VII, Devil May Cry, and Bleach with the large sword he uses. The video game Dark Souls and other games by the same company are heavily inspired by "Berserk". The metal band Brand of Sacrifice is inspired by Berserk and has written music about the series.

The artwork in "Berserk" has been praised a lot. It is the best-rated and most popular manga on the anime website MyAnimeList, with a score of 9.47 out of 10 and over 600,000 members as of August 2023. "Berserk" was chosen as the best seinen manga by the website FandomSpot. More than 55 million copies have been sold.

Jake Canuso

Jake Canuso is an actor and dancer known for his appearances in the British comedy series "Benidorm". He was born in Switzerland to parents from Italy. His family moved to England shortly after he was born.

Canuso has appeared in several films and TV shows including "The Dark Knight Rises", "Benidorm", "Bad Education" and "Casualty." He has also appeared in music videos for artists including Kylie Minogue, Elton John and Emma Bunton. In 2004, Canuso survived the Indian ocean tsunami.

Berserk

Berserk (meaning "very angry" or "out of control") may refer to:


November 1828

November 1828 is a 1979 Indonesian historical war movie directed by Teguh Karya and starring Maruli Sitompul, Yenni Rachman, Slamet Rahardjo, El Manik. It won 6 Citra Awards, including Best Picture and Best Director.

Fool, I'm a Woman

"Fool, I'm a Woman" is a 1999 song by country singer Sara Evans and is the third single from second studio album "No Place That Far". It went to number 32 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 33 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks charts.

Yaroslav Hunka

Yaroslav Hunka (; born ) is a Ukrainian-Canadian World War II veteran of the 14th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Galician), which was part of the Nazi Germany military.

Yaroslav Hunka was born in Urman, Second Polish Republic (now Ukraine) 1925. 

In 1943, Hunka volunteered to join the 14th Waffen Grenadier Division of the SS (1st Galician). During his time in "SS Galizien", he was photographed training in Munich and Neuhammer. In 1944, Hunka fought against Red Army forces on the Eastern Front of World War II. 

The Nuremberg Trials ruled that the Waffen-SS was a criminal organization responsible for mass atrocities including the “persecution and extermination of the Jews, brutalities and killings in concentration camps, excesses in the administration of occupied territories, the administration of the slave labor program, and the mistreatment and murder of prisoners” and that all of its members were guilty.

After the war, Hunka moved to the United Kingdom. In 1951, he married Margaret Ann Edgerton and the couple moved to Canada with their sons.

In late September 2023, Hunka was invited to the House of Commons of Canada, where he received a standing ovation. Canadian Prime Minister Justin Trudeau and Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskyy were part of the standing ovation. Later, it was revealed Hunka was a member of the Waffen-SS, and Canadian government officials apologized to the Jewish community.

On 26 September 2023, Poland's Education Minister Przemysław Czarnek said that he would try to extradite Hunka as a war criminal.


Nesseby

Nesseby, or "Unjárga", is a municipality in Norway's northernmost county, Finnmark.

Settlements include Nesseby (settlement).

The municipal council is elected until late 2027.


Raorchestes kakachi

The Kakachi shrub frog ("Roarchestes kakachi") is a frog. It lives in India. Scientists have seen it in the Western Ghat mountains.

The adult male frog is about 24.7–25.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 24.3–34.1 mm long. This frog can be any color from white to brown. There is darker brown on its sides and neck. Its head is wider than it is long. The ear is hard to see.

Lebesby

Lebesby or "Davvesiidda gielda", is a municipality in Norway's northernmost county, Finnmark.

The settlements include Lebesby (settlement).

The municipal council is elected until late 2027.


Brooks Robinson

Brooks Calbert Robinson Jr. (May 18, 1937 – September 26, 2023) was an American third baseman in Major League Baseball who played his entire career for the Baltimore Orioles from 1955 to 1977. He was nicknamed "the Human Vacuum Cleaner" or "Mr. Hoover". He has been called the greatest defensive third baseman in major league history.

Robinson died on September 26, 2023 in Owings Mills, Maryland from heart disease at the age of 86.

I Could Not Ask for More

"I Could Not Ask for More" is a 1999 song by Edwin McCain and was used in the 1999 movie "Message in a Bottle". It was also taken from his third studio album "Messenger" and went to number 37 in the United States and number 12 in Canada. It was covered by country singer Sara Evans for her third studio album "Born to Fly" and went to number 35 in the United States.

 

Marvel Television

Marvel Television was a subsidiary of Marvel Entertainment that created television series based on Marvel Comics. Founded in 2010, Marvel Television originally intended to expand the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) with television series including "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." (2013–2020), "Daredevil" (2015–2018), "The Defenders" (2017), and more. The subsidiary later expanded to create projects for the "X-Men" film series and independent television series for Hulu. Marvel Television was folded into Marvel Studios in 2019 and its final projects aired in 2020 and 2021.

Since the fold, Marvel Studios has continued to use the name "Marvel Television" as a label for television series within the MCU.


Samuel Parris

Samuel Parris, the Puritan minister, played a crucial role in the Salem witch trials of 1692. He served as the minister of the Salem Village church, where the accusations of witchcraft first surfaced. Parris' sermons centered on sin and damnation, and he was recognized for being a severe and controlling figure. According to some historians, Parris' inflexible beliefs and brutal treatment of dissenters may have contributed to the climate of fear and suspicion that resulted in the witch trials. Samuel Parris served as the pastor of the church in Salem Village, Massachusetts during the late 17th century. He played a significant role in the Salem Witch Trials by accusing and convicting several people for witchcraft. Parris' strict and authoritarian personality, coupled with his willingness to promote accusations of witchcraft, contributed to the hysteria and violence that characterized the trials. Despite his controversial legacy, Parris remained the pastor of Salem Village until he died in 1720.

Avengers (Marvel Cinematic Universe)

The Avengers are a fictional team of superheroes in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). They are based on the team of the same name from Marvel Comics. They serve as the protagonists in "The Avengers" (2012), (2015), (2016), (2018) and (2019). The Avengers are set to return in (2026) and (2027).

In the MCU, the Avengers were created by Nick Fury of S.H.I.E.L.D. He created the group to fight the supernatural battles that humanity could not fight normally. The original Avengers were Steve Rogers (Captain America), Tony Stark (Iron Man), Bruce Banner (Hulk), Thor Odinson, Natasha Romanoff (Black Widow), and Clint Barton (Hawkeye). The Avengers officially formed after the murder of Phil Coulson by Loki Laufeyson. They defeated Loki in the Battle of New York. After the fall of S.H.I.E.L.D. in 2014, the Avengers were given the job of stopping the remaining groups of HYDRA agents. In 2015, Stark created Ultron to protect the Earth. Ultron turned against humanity The Avengers destroyed him in the Battle of Sokovia. After the Battle of Sokovia, James Rhodes (War Machine), Sam Wilson (Falcon), Vision and Wanda Maximoff (Scarlet Witch) joined the team. In 2016, the team broke up after an incident in Lagos forced the United Nations to pass the Sokovia Accords. The remaining Avengers were defeated by Thanos in the . Five years after the Infinity War, the Avengers reassembled to undo the damage Thanos did. , they defeated him in the Battle of Earth.

In 1995, Nick Fury and S.H.I.E.L.D. encountered an alien threat to Earth from both the Kree and the Skrulls when Carol Danvers crash landed in a Blockbuster store. The resulting conflict resulted in Danvers and the Skrulls aligning with S.H.I.E.L.D. and agreeing to help Fury in the case of emergencies. Afterwards, Fury created the Protectors Initiative to create a group of heroes to protect Earth from future supernatural threats. He later renamed it to the Avengers Initiative after learning that Danvers' call sign in the United States Air Force had been 'Avenger.'

In 2010, Tony Stark was kidnapped by the Ten Rings. The group attempted to force Stark to build weapons of mass destruction (WMDs) for them. Stark agreed to do so, however didn't and instead built the first Iron Man suit. Stark used the suit to break out of custody and escape, later being saved by Colonel James Rhodes. After the incident, Stark came into conflict with the Ten Rings and was forced to kill his company's spokesperson, who was exposed as a Ten Rings collaborator. S.H.I.E.L.D. cought on to Stark's actions and sent Phil Coulson to provide Stark with a secret identity and an alibi. Stark refused to use and instead admitted himself as Iron Man to the American public. Fury approached Stark afterwards to tell him about the Avengers Initiative, although he initially refused to join.

In 2011, Fury sent Natasha Romanoff to spy on Stark and make a report on his physical and mental wellbeing. Romanoff wrote that Stark was selfish, impulsive, reckless, and not a good fit for the Avengers Initiative. As a result, Fury hired Stark as a consultant for S.H.I.E.L.D., but did not let him onto the Avengers Initiative. Later, a series of incidents in Brazil and the United States involving Thunderbolt Ross and Bruce Banner caught the attention of S.H.I.E.L.D. Ross wanted both himself and Emil Blonsky (Abomination) to join the initiative, leading Coulson to send in Stark to convince Ross to not join. Instead, S.H.I.E.L.D. began to consider Banner. Another series of events involving S.H.I.E.L.D. and Asgardian activities in New Mexico led to Thor Odinson agreeing to join the initiative. Finally, in late 2011, Steve Rogers was found frozen in ice (but alive) by S.H.I.E.L.D. and was added to the Avengers Initiative by Fury.

In 2012, Loki Laufeyson (working covertly for Thanos) attacked a S.H.I.E.L.D. facility. He injured Fury, used mind control to bring Clint Barton to his side, and stole the Tesseract.


Wildflowers (Tom Petty song)

"Wildflowers" is a song by Tom Petty and the opening track from the album of the same name. The song became very popular in concerts. Even though it was not released as a single, it charted at #16 on the "Billboard" Hot Rock Songs chart, at #11 on the "Billboard" Rock Digital Song Sales and at #3 on the "Billboard" Lyric Find. AllMusic said that the song was "simple" and sounded like folk-country music.

It has become a very popular song of Petty's. He also stated "Wildflowers" was easy to write and compose. He said that it took three and a half minutes to write the song, without any revisions needed. He said he took "a deep breath and it came out. The whole song. Stream of consciousness: words, music, chords. Finished it. I mean, I just played it into a tape recorder and I played the whole song and I never played it again."

The title of the November 2020 book "Somewhere You Feel Free: Tom Petty and Los Angeles" comes from a lyric in the song.

"Wildflowers" is also Tom Petty's fourth most streamed solo song (and seventh overall) on Spotify, even passing the same album's big hit "You Don't Know How It Feels".

Arabian Mau

The Arabian Mau is a natural domestic cat breed originated from African wildcat. World Cat Federation (WCF) and Emirates Feline Federation (EFF) have cat breed standards of Arabian Mau. 

The head is an elongated oval from top to bottom. The nose is slightly curved. The eyes are oval, large, and slanted. The eye color varies, and they usually have green eyes. The ears are large and tilted forward.

Pseudophilautus

Pseudophilautus is a group of frogs in the family Rhacophoridae. Some of them live in India in the Western Ghat mountains and some live in Sri Lanka. Some of these frogs are extinct. Other times, scientists thought a species was extinct, but it was not.
Frogs in genus "Pseudophilautus" have direct development: They hatch out of eggs as small frogs called froglets. They never swim as tadpoles the way other frogs do. This means that these frogs do not need to find pools of water big enough for tadpoles to swim in and find food. However, if there is not enough water in the air, the eggs dry out and die.

For most of these species, the female frog lays eggs on the ground. One species, "Pseudophilautus femoralis", lays eggs on leaves of medium-sized plants. Males sing for female frogs. They usually call at night when there is water in the air. The male frog holds onto the female frog in a grip called amplexus. Sometimes the frogs will change color so that they look like the ground or the leaves on it. Then the female frog finds a good place and digs a hole for the eggs. Then she mixes the eggs in with the soil. Then both parents go away. They do not watch the eggs or take care of the froglets. When the female "Pseudophilautus femoralis" frog lays eggs, she puts them on the undersides of leaves using sticky fluid. She watches the eggs for a few hours to see that they do not fall off. Then she goes away.

Eggs are in diameter. The eggs hatch after 24–68 days. "Pseudophilautus" embryos do not have gills but they do have large tails like tadpoles do. Scientists think the embryos use the tail to get oxygen. Some species of froglets have tails when they hatch and in other species they hatch with no tail.

The following species are in the genus "Pseudophilautus", including eight species described in 2013 by Wickramasinghe and colleagues:

Pseudophilautus stellatus

Pseudophilautus stellatus is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. It lives in cloud forests.

This frog can be 57 mm long from nose to rear end. It is the largest frog in "Pseudophilautus". This frog is bright green in color with darker stripes and some white pots. The legs are brown with white spots. The belly is pink-white in color. This frog can change color from green to brown, but its white spots are always white.

For 160 years, scientists thought this frog was extinct. But then some scientists found some of them in 2013.

Annihilate (song)

"Annihilate" is a song off the soundtrack for the 2023 movie "". The song is by American record producer Metro Boomin and American rapper Swae Lee, Lil Wayne and Offset. The song was released on June 2, 2023.

The song was able to make it to #14 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, #23 on the Canadian Hot 100, #30 on the "Billboard" Global 200, and #44 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 music charts.

The song is about being strong and having confidence, swinging through the city like Spider-Man and feeling like one is in their own World. Everybody in the song makes references tothe superhero Spider-Man.

A music video for the song was released. The music video is animated and shows Spider-Man and Spider-Gwen swinging around the city. They also go through different dimensions in the Spider-Verse and fight enemies. 

Got Money

"Got Money" is the third single off of American rapper Lil Wayne's sixth studio album "Tha Carter III". The song was released on May 27, 2008. The song also featured American singer and rapper T-Pain.

The song was able to make it to #1 on the Rhythmic, #2 on the Hot Rap Songs, #7 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, #10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, #33 on the Canadian Hot 100, and #33 on the Mainstream Top 40 charts. The song was certified 3× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). It was nominated for Best Rap/Sung Performance at the 51st Grammy Awards but lost to Estelle's "American Boy".

In the song, Wayne and T-Pain rap and flex about how much money they have. Travis Barker made a remix of the song. Korn singer Jonathan Davis made a cover of the song.

A music video for the song was released. In the video, Wayne, T-Pain, Birdman, and another person sit at a table with Wayne talking about the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina telling them his plan. Wayne and two women enter a bank and rob it. Wayne jumps on the counter and throws money at the other people in the bank. He raps next to the open vault door while police tape off the scene and a group robs the bank. The group escapes in a bank truck.

Shake Your Love

"Shake Your Love" is a 1987 song by Debbie Gibson and is the leading single from her debut studio album "Out of the Blue". It went to number 4 in the United States, number 7 in the United Kingdom, number 36 in New Zealand, number 27 in Australia and number 3 in Ireland.

Mr. Carter

"Mr. Carter" is the second song off of American rapper Lil Wayne's sixth studio album "Tha Carter III". The song was released on May 27, 2008. The song also featured American rapper Jay-Z.

The song was able to make it to #13 on the Hot Rap Songs, #27 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, and #32 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). It was nominated for Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group at the 51st Grammy Awards but lost to "Swagga Like Us" by Jay-Z and T.I. featuring Kanye West and Lil Wayne.

The song's title is refers to the fact that both rappers have the same last name. 
In the song, Wayne raps about his rise and success in hip hop and says that he won't be stopped by people who don't like him. Wayne and Jay rap about how they are known Worldwide and Wayne says that he won't ever give up.

Death of MohBad

On 12 September 2023, Nigerian musician MohBad died of ear infection in Lagos, at the age of 27. The nurse, who treated him with Tetanus vaccine before he died, was reportedly arrested by the Lagos State Police Command, according to Iyabo Ojo in the Daily Post Newspapers.

The social movement #JusticeforMohBad became one of Nigeria's largest social movements which has attracted media attention internationally, after the End SARS movement. According to the BBC, the hashtag #Justice4MohBad has been trending on social media since MohBad's death, because some people expressed anger about how MohBad had been a victim of bullying within the music industry while he was alive, which made him to part ways with Naira Marley's Marlian Records in 2022.

Go D.J.

"Go D.J." is the second single off of American rapper Lil Wayne's fourth studio album "Tha Carter". The song was released on October 5, 2004. The song samples the chorus from former Cash Money group U.N.L.V.'s 1998 song "Don't U Be Greedy".

The song was able to make it to #13 on the Hot Rap Songs, #27 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, #32 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, and #19 on the Rhythmic. The song was certified 2× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

In a Complex interview, producer Mannie Fresh said about the song: "‘Go DJ’ was a song that was done way before. It didn’t sound like that, but it was a phrase that UNLV used to say about me. They said it on one of their earliest songs, saying, ‘Go DJ, that’s my DJ. Mannie Fresh, that’s my DJ. Wayne was like, 'I remember this song when I was growing up. They played it in the clubs. They used to always say ‘Go DJ, that’s my DJ.’ Can I use that?’ I’m like, ‘Yeah, it’s basically my song.’ Like I said, Wayne always went back to stuff that people would forget about."

A music video for the song was released. In the video, Wayne and Manny are in prison. Manny knocks the guard out and raps over the prison's PA system. Prisoners run and try to escape. A prisoner frees Wayne, who is strapped to an electric chair. Wayne raps on top of a cafeteria table. Wayne is then watching a boxing match in the prison yard. Wayne meets a group of men and they re-enter the prison. A prisoner put a sign that read "That Carter" over the prison's sign. The video was shot at Mansfield Reformatory, the same prison where the 1994 movie "The Shawshank Redemption" was shot.

The song is featured on the soundtrack to the 2005 video game "" as well as the 2006 remix of the game.

Fear of the Dark (song)

"Fear of the Dark" is a 1992 song by English heavy metal band Iron Maiden and is the title track from their 9th studio album "Fear of the Dark". It was released as a live version of the single in 1993 and went to number 8 in the United Kingdom, number 17 in Ireland and number 6 in Finland. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1994.




Slime You Out

"Slime You Out" is second single off of Canadian rapper Drake's eighth studio album "For All the Dogs". The song was released on September 15, 2023. The song also features American singer-songwriter SZA.

The song was able to make it to #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, #1 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, #2 on the Canadian Hot 100, #3 on the "Billboard" Global 200, and #31 on the Rhythmic music charts.

The song is about a relationship where one person uses the other person for their advantage before breaking up with them. Drake sings each month of the calender while explaining the ups and downs of a relationship. SZA sings about the person she is with, saying that the guy she's with is cheating on other girls with her.

Actress Halle Berry was angry because Drake used a picture of her getting slimed at the 2012 Kid's Choice Awards as the cover art for the song. She said he used it without her permission.

2013–14 UEFA Champions League group stage

The 2013–14 UEFA Champions League group stage happened from 17th September to 11th December 2013. There were 32 teams playing in this stage.

Here are the 32 teams that made it to the group stage, grouped by their rankings based on their past performance in UEFA competitions. This includes 22 teams that started at this stage and 10 teams that won in the play-off round (5 in the Champions Route and 5 in the League Route).


<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>
"The match was abandoned after 31 minutes due to heavy snow, and was resumed on 11 December 2013, 14:00, from the point of abandonment."
<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


----

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


----


<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


----

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


----


<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

2012–13 UEFA Champions League group stage

The 2012–13 UEFA Champions League group stage, there were 32 teams: 22 that got in automatically and 10 that won in the play-off round (5 from the Champions Route and 5 from the League Route).

These teams were divided into eight groups of four. They played each other twice, once at home and once away. The top two teams from each group moved on to the round of 16. The teams that finished third in their groups went down to the Europa League round of 32.



<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>



<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


----



<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


----

2013 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2013 UEFA Champions League final was the big game of the 2012–13 UEFA Champions League season. It happened on May 25, 2013, at Wembley Stadium in London, England. The teams were Borussia Dortmund and Bayern Munich from Germany. Bayern won 2–1 with goals from Mario Mandžukić and Arjen Robben, while İlkay Gündoğan scored for Dortmund.

Bayern Munich also won the 2012–13 DFB-Pokal and the 2012–13 Bundesliga, completing a treble. Because they won the Champions League, they got to play against Chelsea, who won the 2012–13 UEFA Europa League, in the 2013 UEFA Super Cup. They also qualified for the semi-finals of the 2013 FIFA Club World Cup as the UEFA representative, and they ended up winning both of these competitions.

A lot of people watched the final – 21.6 million in Germany on ZDF and over 360 million worldwide, making it the most-watched sports event of 2013.

"Note: In the results below, the score of the team playing at home is listed first (H), and the score of the team playing away is listed second (A)."

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Skalzang Dorje

Skalzang Dorje is a retired Indian archer. He was born on 23 October 1970. Dorje competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Pravin Jadhav

Pravin Ramesh Jadhav is an Indian archer. He was born on 6 July 1996. Jadhav competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Deepika Kumari

Deepika Kumari is an Indian archer. She was born on 13 June 1994. Kumari competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics, 2016 Summer Olympics, and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

2012 UEFA Champions League Final

The 2012 UEFA Champions League final was the last football match in Germany. Bayern Munich played against Chelsea. They played at the Allianz Arena in Munich to see who would win the 2011–12 season of the Champions League. Bayern had been in the final nine times before, winning four and losing four most recently losing in 2010. Chelsea had been in the final once before in 2008, but they didn't win. This match was special because it was the first time the Champions League final was played at the Allianz Arena, which is Bayern's home stadium (known as Fußball Arena München for the final). Both teams did really well to get to the final, beating other teams along the way. The match was exciting. Bayern scored first, but Chelsea tied the game later on. They played extra time, and even though Bayern had a chance to score with a penalty, they missed. So, they had to do a penalty shootout. Chelsea won the shootout 4–3 and became the Champions League winners for the first time. This was big because they were the first London club to win it and the fifth English club overall.

Because they won, Chelsea got to play in the UEFA Super Cup but lost to Atlético Madrid. They also got to play in the next season's Champions League, even though they didn't do well in their own league. They represented Europe at the FIFA Club World Cup but lost to Corinthians in the final.

"Note: In all results below, the score of the finalist is given first (H: home; A: away)."

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>

Cryin' Game

"Cryin' Game" is a 1998 song by country singer Sara Evans and is the leading single from her second studio album "No Place That Far". It went to number 56 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 82 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart. It was a minor hit for Evans.

CD single, 7" vinyl single


Switzerland women's national football team

The Switzerland women's football team plays for Switzerland in international women's football. They started playing in 1972 but didn't compete in a big tournament until 2015 when they joined the World Cup. Since then, they've qualified for Euro 2017, Euro 2022 and the 2023 World Cup in Australia and New Zealand.

Taapsee Pannu filmography

Taapsee Pannu is an Indian actress and model. who primarily works in Hindi, Telugu and Tamil language movies. She made her movie debut in 2010 by romantic musical movie "Jhummandi Naadam" and made her Hindi movie debut in 2013 by slapstick comedy movie "Chashme Baddoor".

Imagine (video game series)

Imagine is a series of simulation video games for the Nintendo DS, Nintendo 3DS, Wii and Microsoft Windows. The series was created by Ubisoft for girls who are six to fourteen years old. Its games were released from October 2007 to February 2013.

The player can do many jobs, such as fashion designer, rock star, movie star or teacher. Ubisoft published many girls' video games for the Nintendo DS and Wii in the "Imagine", "Ener-G", and "Petz" series.

"IGN" said that "Imagine" games vary a lot in quality. They said some games are "boring and soulless cash-ins that serves no purpose other than to financially take advantage of uninformed teenage girls" and other games are "surprise hits [that] turned out pretty darn well."

There are many games in the "Imagine" series. These include:

Windows 10X

Windows 10X is a cancelled version of Windows 10. It was announced by Microsoft on October 2, 2019. It was originally made as an OS that would support devices with dual-screens. 10X was thought to release in 2020. But in May 2021, Microsoft announced the cancellation of Windows 10X. However, some changes made were put into the newer Windows 11. The focus of Windows 10X was changed from dual-screen devices to single-screen devices in 2020 because of the higher demand for regular computers during the COVID 19 pandemic. It was also cancelled due to COVID 19 pandemic.


Assistant referee (association football)

In association football, an assistant referee, formerly known as a linesman, helps the main referee enforce the rules of the game during a match. While the rules don't require assistant referees, most organized football matches have a team of at least two officials, including the main referee and assistant referees. Assistant referees have specific roles, such as determining when the ball goes out of play, deciding if there's an offside, and letting the referee know about rule violations the referee might have missed. They usually stand along the sidelines on opposite sides of the field.

In higher-level games, there's also a fourth official who handles administrative tasks like managing substitutions and stays near the teams' technical areas.If an official can't continue, there are procedures to replace them, with the fourth official often stepping in. Sometimes, there are reserve assistant referees on standby. In very high-level matches, there may be more assistant referees, including those watching incidents near the goals. Video assistant referees can review game footage and advise the referee on decisions that might be incorrect.

It's important to note that the main referee has the final say on all decisions, and the assistant referees' calls are advisory and can be overruled by the referee

According to Law 6 of the Laws of the Game, two assistant referees can be chosen. These assistant referees stay along the sides of the field, each responsible for one half of the field.

Assistant referees help the main referee by:


The main referee doesn't have to follow the assistant referees' advice; they can make their own decisions. Sometimes, the main referee might ask an assistant referee for their opinion on certain matters. Occasionally, the assistant referee helps with organizing free kicks and offers visual help during penalty kicks. They also assist with some administrative tasks.

The fourth official in football assists the main referee with various tasks and can step in for other officials if needed. This role was introduced in 1966 by English referee Ken Aston but officially established by IFAB in 1991. The fourth official's main job is to support the referee during the game.

They stand near the sideline between the teams' technical areas and handle administrative tasks, check player equipment, manage substitutions, indicate extra time, and help maintain order. They also assist the referee by watching the game and advising on situations not seen by the referee. In high-level competitions, the fourth official, usually an experienced referee, may step in for the main referee if necessary.

Their main jobs include:


The additional assistant referee (AAR) is a match official who supports the main referee by standing behind the goal line. Their job is to help the referee watch for any incidents near the penalty area. In some cases, they've tried adding two more assistant referees positioned behind the goal lines. These extra officials were there to ensure that the rules of the game were followed, especially in important areas like the penalty area. They communicated with the referee through a wireless system and also helped in situations like "ghost goals." Experts from the International Football Association Board (IFAB) evaluated this trial. After testing it for two years in various competitions, including the UEFA Champions League and Europa League, IFAB officially approved the use of additional assistant referees in July 2012. They even used them in the 2013 Scottish Cup Final, marking the first time they were used in a Scottish domestic match.

The video assistant referee (VAR) is a referee who watches video footage and talks to the on-field referee using a headset. They can review decisions made during a game. It's up to the competition whether they want to use VAR or not.

The fifth official used to be a backup for assistant referees in football matches, ready to step in if an assistant got injured. During the 2006 World Cup, FIFA had five officials for matches. The fifth official helped the fourth official with various tasks and could replace another official if needed, mainly due to injuries. The fifth official could watch the match on TV but couldn't tell the on-field referees about any missed incidents. After the 2006 FIFA World Cup Final, Italy's coach claimed the referee received advice from the fourth and fifth officials watching video footage, but FIFA denied this.

Now, the fifth official's role is reduced to being a reserve assistant referee (RAR), only stepping in if an assistant referee or fourth official can't continue. Starting from July 2023, the RAR can also replace an additional assistant referee and assist the main referee like other officials.

United States Soccer Federation

The United States Soccer Federation (USSF), often called U.S. Soccer, is a non-profit organization recognized under section 501(c)(3). It's the official governing body for soccer in the United States. Their main office is in Chicago. This federation is a full member of FIFA and oversees soccer in the United States at various levels, including international, professional, and amateur. This includes managing the men's and women's national teams, Major League Soccer, National Women's Soccer League, youth groups, beach soccer, futsal, Paralympic soccer, and soccer for deaf national teams. U.S. Soccer also approves referees and organizes soccer tournaments for most soccer leagues in the United States. They are also in charge of running the U.S. Open Cup and the SheBelieves Cup.


Jaded (Aerosmith song)

"Jaded" is a 2001 song by American hard rock band Aerosmith and is the leading single from their 13th studio album "Just Push Play". It went to number 7 in the United States, number 13 in the United Kingdom, number 51 in Australia, number 41 in New Zealand, number 9 in Scotland, number 11 in Italy, number 6 in Canada and number 42 in Ireland. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2002.

Tori Penso

Mary Victoria Penso, (; born 1986), is an American soccer referee. She started her career as a referee in professional soccer in the National Women's Soccer League. Later, she moved to Major League Soccer. In 2020, she made history by becoming the first woman to referee a regular season match in 20 years in Major League Soccer.

In 2023, Penso had the honor of being the referee for the final match of the FIFA Women's World Cup. This was significant because it was the first time an American referee officiated a World Cup final.

Jacinta Allan

Jacinta Marie Allan (born 19 September 1973) is an Australian politician. She became the 49th Premier of Victoria and the leader of the Victorian Labor Party in 2023, after Daniel Andrews resigned. She became the member for Bendigo East in 1999.

List of FIFA Women's World Cup finals

The FIFA Women's World Cup is a big football (soccer) competition for women's national teams from around the world. It's organized by FIFA, which is in charge of global football. They started it in 1991, and it happens every four years. Teams get in by doing well in their own regions, and the team from the country that's hosting the tournament also gets to play automatically. Just like the men's World Cup, the Women's World Cup ends with a final game. This game is the last one in the knockout stage, and it decides which team is the world champion in women's football. The most recent World Cup was in 2023, and it was hosted by Australia and New Zealand. Spain won that tournament by beating England 1–0, and it was their first time winning.

If, after 90 minutes of regular play, the score is tied, they play an extra 30 minutes called "extra time." If the game is still tied after that, they decide the winner by taking penalty kicks. The team that does better in the penalty shoot-out becomes the champion. So, they've always determined the winner with a one-off match in every tournament.


Kautokeino

Kautokeino, or "Guovdageainnu suohkan", is a municipality in Norway's northernmost county, Finnmark.

Settlements include Guovdageainnu (village).

The municipal council is elected until late 2027.


Alta (town)

Alta (; ; ) is a city in Alta Municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The city is the administrative centre of the municipality and the major commercial centre in the western part of the county. The city is on the southern end of Altafjorden at the mouth of the river Altaelva. There are several suburbs around the town. Kåfjord, Kvenvik and Jiepmaluokta are to the west; Øvre Alta and Tverrelvdalen are to the south; and Rafsbotn is to the east. The rock carvings at Alta are just to the west of the town.

Alta (municipality)

Alta, or "Áltá", is a municipality in Norway's northernmost county, Finnmark.

Settlements include the town of Alta.

The municipal council is elected until late 2027.


Lincoln Financial Field

Lincoln Financial Field is a major American football stadium in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. It's home to the Philadelphia Eagles and Temple Owls football teams, with a seating capacity of 71,896. It opened in August 2003, replacing Veterans Stadium, and has modern amenities. The stadium is named after Lincoln Financial Group, which paid $139.6 million for naming rights. Public funding of approximately $188 million helped build it, along with revenue from seat licenses.

The stadium hosts various events, including the Army-Navy football game and NCAA lacrosse championships. It will also feature in the 2026 FIFA World Cup. Temple University's football team plays here, and the Philadelphia Union soccer team holds exhibitions here.

Constituencies of Vanuatu

Vanuatu has 18 constituencies (), which each elect different numbers of members to the unicameral Parliament of Vanuatu.

Ambae constituency

Ambae is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Ambrym constituency

Ambrym is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Banks constituency

Banks () is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Efate Rural constituency

Efate Rural is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Epi constituency

Epi is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Luganville constituency

Luganville () is a constituency of Vanuatu. It represents the city of Luganville.

Maewo constituency

Maewo is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Malekula constituency

Malekula is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Malo/Aore constituency

Malo/Aore is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Paama constituency

Paama is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Pentecost constituency

Pentecost (, ) is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Port Vila constituency

Port Vila is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Santo constituency

Santo is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Shepherds constituency

Shepherds is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Tafea Outer Islands constituency

Tafea Outer Islands (formerly called Southern Islands) is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Tanna constituency

Tanna is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Tongoa constituency

Tongoa is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Torres constituency

Torrens is a constituency of Vanuatu.

Alta

Alta or ALTA can be







2026 FIFA World Cup qualification

The 2026 FIFA World Cup qualification determines which teams will join Canada, Mexico, and the United States as hosts in the tournament. It started on September 7, 2023, with three matches in the CONMEBOL zone.

Notes

On 9 May 2017, the FIFA Council approved the slot allocation scheme for the new 48-team final format.

Eko Hotel and Suite

Eko Hotel and Suites was established in 1977. It was the Eko Holiday Inn. It is a popular international 5-star hotel. It is in Victoria Island, Lagos State.

It is Nigeria's largest hotel. It was designed by architect Oluwole Olumuyiwa with American architects. It was 
renamed "Le Meridien Eko Hotel and Suites, Lagos". L'Hotel Eko Le Meridien is part of the Chagoury Group of companies.

The hotel complex is made up of four tall buildings with a total of 825 rooms and suites. The buildings are painted in white and have its views from the Kuramo Lagoon and the Atlantic Ocean. The hotel is located close to the Lagos Island financial hub, Victoria Island. The Hotel Presidential in Port Harcourt is similar to the Eko Hotels & Suites. 

Within the hotel complex, there are eight restaurants and bars. They are follows:

Dialogue of Pessimism

The Dialog of Pessimism is an ancient text. It was written in Mesopotamia, around 1000 BC. It is a dialog of a master with his slave. It was written in cuneiform script. Today, there are two slightly different versions. Today, it is considered to be wisdom literature. The text suggests human action is often futile. The text has 86 lines. 15 of these are fragmentary. 

The text uses the Akkadian language. It is about a person that doesn't have to work, and that does not know what to do. The master talks to his slave, and asks if it is good to do some action. The slave agrees, but then the master finds an excuse why he shouldn't do something. The different ideas are: going to the palace, organise a banquet, get married, go to court (take legal action), start a revolt, make love, pray to god Marduk, invest some money, and do good deeds.

At the end, the master hasn't done anything, and wants to kill his slave before committing suicide. The slave responds to this that man does not understand either heaven or earth. The slave predicts that his master won't survive him for more than three days. 

The text has the usual moral frame: It is impossible to understand the gods. The text is pessimistic because "humans don't understand", and "only the gods know". 

Raorchestes honnametti

The Honnametti bush frog ("Roarchestes honnametti") is a frog. It lives in India. Scientists have seen it in the Western Ghat mountains. People have seen it between 600 and 1800 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 21.7–24.8 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of its back is gray in color with some stripes. The skin of its legs is brown in color with some yellow marks. It has small, horny spikes on its back and face. Like other frogs in "Raorchestes", it is never a tadpole. The eggs hatch into small frogs.

This frog lives in trees in shola forests and evergreen forests and forests with some evergreen trees and some other trees.

This frog is not in danger of dying out, but there are fewer than there were. This is because it lives in two tiger preserves: Biligiri Ranga Swamy Temple Tiger Reserve and Sathyamangalam Tiger Reserve. Human beings decided not to build roads or buildings on the land to save tigers. That means the frog can live there without humans taking its place to live. However, other frogs from far away have come to the tiger preserve: "Lantana camara" and "Ageratina adenophora". Scientists think these new frogs are outcompeting the Honnametti bush frog: they eat the food that it would eat. If people stopped protecting these places, scientists think, the frog would be in more danger because people would change its home too much. Climate change could also kill this frog if it makes its home too dry. Scientists think the fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis" could kill this frog with the disease chytridiomycosis.

Pseudophilautus microtympanum

Gunther's Bubble-nest Frog or the small-eared shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus microtympanum") is a frog. It lives in the hills in the middle of Sri Lanka. It lives in cloud forests. Scientists have seen it between 1555 and 2135 meters above sea level.

Porsanger

Porsanger, or "Porsáŋgu", is a municipality in Norway's northernmost county, Finnmark.

Settlements include Lakselv.

In October 2023, a new municipal council started its 4-year term.


Brunette

Elen Yeremyan (born 27 May 2001) is an Armenian singer-songwriter who is known by her stage name Brunette. 

She released her first song at the age of 18 in September 2019. In 2023, she was chosen to represent Armenia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 with her song "Future Lover". The public voted for her to be one of the 26 finalists. At the end of the contest, Brunette finished in 14th place with 122 points.

Gamvik

Gamvik, or "Gáŋgaviikka", is a municipality in Norway's northernmost county, Finnmark.

Settlements include Mehamn.

The municipal council is elected until late 2027.
(13 council members were elected during the 2023 Norwegian local elections.)


Båtsfjord

Båtsfjord, or "Báhcavuonna", is a municipality in Norway's northernmost county, Finnmark.

Settlements include Båtsfjord (settlement).

The municipal council is elected until late 2027.


Malampa Province

Malampa is one of the six provinces of Vanuatu. It has three main islands: Malakula, Ambrym and Paama, as well as many other smaller islands. Its capital is Lakatoro.

Penama Province

Penama is one of the six provinces of Vanuatu. It has three main islands: Ambae, Maewo and Pentecost, as well as many other smaller islands. Its capital is Lakatoro.

The name of the province comes from the first letters of the three main islands: PENtecost, Ambae and MAewo.

Saroja Vaidyanathan

Saroja Vaidyanathan (19 September 1937 – 21 September 2023) was an Indian choreographer, guru and a notable exponent of Bharatanatyam. She was conferred the Padma Shri in 2002 and the Padma Bhushan in 2013 by the Government of India. She died on 21 September 2023, two days after her 86th birthday.

Shefa Province

Shefa is one of the six provinces of Vanuatu. It has three main islands: Efate, Epi and Shepherd, as well as many other smaller islands. Its capital is Port Vila, which is also the capital of Vanuatu. It is the most populated province of Vanuatu.

The province's name comes from the first few letters of the names of the two main islands: SHepherd and EFAte.

Tafea Province

Tafea is one of the six provinces of Vanuatu. It has five main islands: Anneityum, Aniwa, Erromango, Futuna and Tanna, as well as many other smaller islands. Its capital is Isangel, but the largest town there is Lenakel. It is the southernmost province in Vanuatu.

The province's name is an acronym of the five main islands: Tanna, Aneityum, Futuna, Erromango and Aniwa.

Torba Province

Torba is one of the six provinces of Vanuatu. It includes the Torres Islands and the Banks Islands. Its capital is Sola.

The province's name comes from the first few letters of the two main island groups' names: TORres and BAnks.

Reena Kumari

Reena Kumari is an Indian archer. She was born on 15 January 1984. Kumari competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Light of Day (song)

"Light of Day" sometimes credited as "(Just Around the Corner to the) Light of Day" is a 1987 song written by Bruce Springsteen and performed by Joan Jett and Michael J. Fox. It was taken from the 1987 movie "Light of Day". It went to number 33 in the United States.

Bombayla Devi Laishram

Bombayla Devi Laishram is an Indian archer. She was born on 22 February 1985. Laishram competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, 2012 Summer Olympics, and the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Changte Lalremsaga

Changte Lalremsaga is an Indian archer. He was born on 28 December 1973. Lalremsaga competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics and the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Nordre Follo

Nordre Follo is a municipality in Akershus (county), Norway. Nordre Follo was created on 1 January 2020 from the former municipalities of Ski and Oppegård.

Settlements include Ski (settlement).

The municipal council is elected until late 2027.

KRF

KRF or KrF can be

Fortunate Son

"Fortunate Son" is a 1969 song by Creedence Clearwater Revival and was taken from their fourth studio album "Willy and the Poor Boys". It went to number 3 in the United States and number 144 in France. It was covered by Bob Seger in 1986 for his 13th studio album "Like a Rock" and John Fogerty reworked the single with the Foo Fighters in 2013 for his 9th studio album "Wrote a Song for Everyone".

Bella Shmurda

Abiola Ahmed Akinbiyi (born 27th January 1996) also known as Bella Shmurda is a Nigerian singer and songwriter from Ikorodu, Lagos. He became popular in 2019 after he released the single ""Vision 2020"" and a follow-up remix featuring Nigerian rapper Olamide aka Baddo. Bella Shmurda is also the founder of Dangbana Republik, a Lagos-based creative group that provides community and humanitarian services. 

Bella Shmurda is the youngest of ten children born to a polygamous family in Ikorodu. He had his primary education at Lagos State University Staff School, where he began his musical career as a member of the school band and cultural dance group. He grew up in Ikorodu but attended high school in Badagry and later returned to Lagos State University (LASU) to earn a bachelor's degree in History and International Relations. 

UEFA Women's Euro 2017

The 2017 UEFA European Women's Championship, often called UEFA Women's Euro 2017, was the 12th time this big football tournament happened for European women's national teams. It's held every four years by UEFA, which is the organization that manages European football. This time, they allowed 16 teams to compete, which was more than the 12 teams in the last tournament. Back on 4th December 2014, the UEFA Executive Committee chose the Netherlands to be the host country for the tournament.

Germany had been the champions of Europe for 22 years, but their reign ended because they lost 1-2 to Denmark in the quarter-finals. This was only the second time Germany lost in this tournament since 1993. Norway, who had won before, also didn't do well. They lost to both the teams that made it to the final, the Netherlands and Denmark, and didn't score any goals or earn any points. The Netherlands won their first-ever title by defeating Denmark 4-2 in the final match.

Seven places in seven different towns were used for the competition.

The next 16 teams got into the last competition. Five teams played in the Women's Euro for the first time. The single team that got in back in 2013 but didn't make it in 2017 was Finland.

---- 

---- 

---- 

---- 











Gregor Baci

Gregor Baci (Hungarian: Gergely Paksy) was a Hungarian nobleman from the 16th century, known for a severe head injury he sustained during a joust or battle with the Ottoman Empire. According to the traditional account, he miraculously survived this injury for a year. This story has been passed down through a portrait painted by an unknown German painter. As of February 2022, the portrait was on display in the Chamber of Art and Curiosities at Ambras Castle in Innsbruck, Austria.

Roughshod (1949 movie)

Roughshod is a 1949 American western movie directed by Mark Robson and starring Robert Sterling, Gloria Grahame, John Ireland, Claude Jarman, Jr., Jeff Donnell, Myrna Dell, Martha Hyer, Jeff Corey, Sara Haden, Robert Williams. It was distributed by RKO Radio Pictures.


UEFA Women's Euro 2017 Group A

Group A of UEFA Women's Euro 2017 had teams like Belgium, Denmark, Netherlands, and Norway. They played their matches from the 16th to the 24th of July in 2017.
"All the times are in local time (UTC+2)".

<section begin=a1 /><section end=a1 />

<section begin=a2 /><section end=a2 />

<section begin=a3 /><section end=a3 />

<section begin=a4 /><section end=a4 />

<section begin=a5 /><section end=a5 />

<section begin=a6 /><section end=a6 />


UEFA Women's Euro 2017 Group B

Group B of UEFA Women's Euro 2017 had teams like Germany, Italy, Russia and Sweden.
"All times the are in the local times (UTC+2)".

<section begin=b1 /><section end=b1 />

<section begin=b2 /><section end=b2 />

<section begin=b3 /><section end=b3 />

<section begin=b4 /><section end=b4 />

<section begin=b5 /><section end=b5 />

<section begin=b6 /><section end=b6 />

Blastoyz

Kobi Nigerker (born in 1990 ), mostly known by his stage name Blastoyz, is an Israeli psytrance producer, musician and DJ from Beit Ezra .

Nigarkar started recording at the age of 9 at his parents' house in Moshav Beit Ezra and at the age of 16 the name "Blastoyz" stuck to him.

Starting May 2023, Blastoyz is on the list of the 20 most played Israeli artists on Spotify with 724,000 monthly plays.

Blastoyz is considered one of the most successful Israeli DJs in the world, and one of the leaders of the psytrance style around the world. 

Blastoyz performs in most of the worlds most important EDM music festival, among which are EDC , Ultra Music festival, Transmission, Tomorrowland and others major event in South America and Asia.

In 2020 Blastoyz was ranked 97th according to DJ Mag Top 100 which ranks the best DJs in the world, and in 2021 he was ranked 94th. 

His song "After Dark" was featured in the Netflix series " insatiable " (season 2, episode 1). 

His song "Mandela" was certified platinum for over 100 million streams, views and downloads worldwide. 

In 2021 Blastoyz launched his own record label called "WELVRAVE". 

During 2003-2006, Blastoyz began his career as a DJ performing in small clubs and private events throughout Israel, mainly with alternative music, and during these years was exposed to electronic music through his brother.

During these years he set up a recording studio in his parents' house at the same time as his high school studies. At the beginning of his career, he started recording in Goa trance style, while being influenced by artists of the time such as Eyal Barkan, Astral Projection, Asterix, Infected Mashrom and Skazi .

Between the years 2009-2012 he served in the IDF, and at the same time during his weekend vacations he recorded in the home studio he built, and from time to time performs. Shortly after his release from the IDF, he released his debut album "Something for you mind", on the label "Geomagnetic Records".

Blastoyz's big breakthrough occurred in 2013-2014, when he had the opportunity to release works under the "SectionZ" label, where he released his second mini-album "Bastard" which revealed to the world of electronic music Blastoyz's unique style, and gave him international publicity that followed perform around the world. His next album "Mind games" was also released in 2013 and reached the 12th place in the "the top 100 Psytrance releases" chart of the American electronic music service " Beatport ".

In 2014 - saw the light of the trek "Mind & Spirit".

In 2015 Blastoyz released his fourth album "Step Aside" which jumped to second place on Beatport's "the top 100 Psytrance releases" chart. Following his success, Blastoyz joined the psychedelic trance label Nutek Records. In 2015 Blastoyz performed at major festivals around the world - Burning mountain in Switzerland, Metagenesis in Mexico and others.

In the same year he released his fifth album "Heal The World" which reached the first place on the Beatport chart. At the end of that year he released two collaborations - one with Sol J and the other with Skazi

In 2016 Blastoyz achieved a more psychedelic style which was well expressed in works such as "Parvati Valley" which reached third place on the Beatport charts and received over a million plays. Also many collaborations that marked the psychedelic trend of Blastoyz with artists such as "WHITENO1SE", the Israelis Ranji and Skazi, collaborations that saw the light of day as part of the project "Blastoyz + Friends.

In 2016, he appeared for the first time at the Airbeat One festivals in Germany on the main stage together with first-class artists such as Armin Van Buuren, Tiesto, Afrojack, Dimitri Vegas and Like Mike, Steve Ioki and others. At this festival he revealed the track "Life System" - a collaboration with Asterix .

UEFA Women's Euro 2017 Group C

Group C of UEFA Women's Euro 2017 had teams like Austria, France, Iceland and Switzerland. The matches were played from 18 to 26 July 2017.

In the quarter-finals:


"All times are local (UTC+2)".

<section begin="c1" /><section end="c1" />

<section begin="c2" /><section end="c2" />

<section begin="c3" /><section end="c3" />

<section begin="c4" /><section end="c4" />

<section begin="c5" /><section end="c5" />

<section begin="c6" /><section end="c6" />

List of Saint Helena Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Saint Helenian Twenty20 International cricketers who have played at least one Twenty20 International for Saint Helena after debuting against Kenya in November 2022.

UEFA Women's Euro 2017 Group D

Group D of UEFA Women's Euro 2017 had teams like England, Portugal, Scotland and Spain. The matches were played from 19 to 27 July 2017.

In the quarter-finals:


"All the times are in local times (UTC+2)".

<section begin="d1" /><section end="d1" />

<section begin="d2" /><section end="d2" />

<section begin="d3" /><section end="d3" />

<section begin="d4" /><section end="d4" />

<section begin="d5" /><section end="d5" />

<section begin="d6" /><section end="d6" />

UEFA Women's Euro 2017 knockout stage

The knockout stage of UEFA Women's Euro 2017 started on 29 July 2017 and ended on 6 August 2017 with the final.

In the knockout stage, if the match ended as a draw, they play extra time and have a penalty shoot-out to decide who wins.

On the 1st of June 2017, the UEFA Executive Committee decided that in this competition, teams can make a fourth substitution during extra time. This was part of a trial by the International Football Association Board (IFAB).

Only the top two teams from the four groups, qualified for the knockout stage.
<section begin="bracket" /><section end="bracket" />

<section begin="e1" /><section end="e1" />

<section begin="e2" /><section end="e2" />

<section begin="e3" /><section end="e3" />

<section begin="e4" /><section end="e4" />

<section begin="f1" /><section end="f1" />

<section begin="f2" /><section end="f2" />

UEFA Women's Euro 2017 final

The UEFA Women's Euro 2017 final was the last football game to decide who would win the UEFA Women's Euro 2017. It happened on 6th August 2017 in Enschede, Netherlands. The teams playing were the Netherlands and Denmark because they won their semi-final matches. The Netherlands won the final 4–2, and it was their first time winning the UEFA Women's Championship.

This was also the first time that both the Netherlands and Denmark reached the final. It was a big deal because, for the first time since 1993, a country other than Germany won the competition. Before this, only two other countries, Norway and Sweden, had won this championship. Norway lost to both the Netherlands and Denmark in the early games, and Sweden lost to the Netherlands in the quarter-finals.

These two teams had already played against each other in the group stage, and the Netherlands won 1–0 with a penalty from Sherida Spitse.

<section begin="final" /><section end="final" /><section begin="lineups" />
</includeonly><section end="lineups" />


Voices (Alice in Chains song)

"Voices" is a 2013 song by Alice in Chains and is the third single from their fifth studio album "The Devil Put Dinosaurs Here". It went to number 3 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock charts and number 5 on the Canadian Rock charts.

CD Single (CAPF430062)

Brother (Alice in Chains song)

"Brother" is a 1992 song by Alice in Chains. It is the opening track from their acoustic EP "Sap". The song was included on both their 1999 album "Music Bank" and 2006 album "The Essential Alice in Chains".

Pokémon Trading Card Game

The Pokémon Trading Card Game is a collectible card game based on the "Pokémon" video game series. The gameplay of the card game is similar to the video game. 

Two players choose six Pokémon, creatures that live in the game series' fictional universe, to fight against each other. Both players can only play one Pokémon at a time, while the other five Pokémon wait on a "bench". Each player takes turns attacking the other player's Pokémon. The turn ends either if the attacking player attacks the other player or if they pass their turn. Each Pokémon has a certain number of Hit Points, or HP. Every Pokémon's HP is a multiple of 10. Many attacks take away the other player's Pokémon's HP, but many Pokémon also have attacks that do not do damage, but instead have other effects such as making the player's Pokémon not lose any HP for a turn, cause the other player's Pokémon to sleep, be paralyzed, be confused, or be paralyzed, or many other different effects. If your or the other player's Pokémon's HP reaches 0 HP, then the Pokémon is knocked out. This means the Pokémon cannot fight anymore and must be put in the discard pile. If a player's Pokémon knocks out the other player's, then the player can take a prize. The number of prizes that can be drawn is decided before the game begins. There can be two, three, four, fix, or six prizes, depending on what the players decide. 

If a player draws all of his prizes before the other player, or if the other player no longer has any Pokémon in play or in the bench, then the player wins.

Like in the video game, each Pokémon has an Element. Most Elements have strengths, weaknesses, and resistances to other elements. However, there are fewer Elements in the trading card game (TCG) than in the video games. The video games have 18 Element Types while the TCG has 11. Some Element Types from the video games are combined in the TCG. For example, Fighting-, Rock-, and Ground-Type Pokémon from the video games are all Fighting-Type in the TCG. 

If a Pokémon's Element has a strength against another Element, then the Pokémon's attack will take away twice as much HP as the attack's normal attack power. Likewise, if a Pokémon's Element has a weakness against another Element, then the Pokémon will lose twice as much HP if it is attacked. For example, a Electric-Type Pokémon's strength is Water, which means that a Water-Type Pokémon's weakness is Electric. Therefore, if a Electric-Type Pokémon attacks a Water-Type Pokémon with an attack that takes away 30 HP, then the attack will take away 60 HP from the Water-Type Pokémon because of the Electric-Type's strength over Water. If an Element has resistance, then certain Elements will not take away any HP. For example, many Fighting-Type Pokémon have resistance to Electric-Type Pokémon, which means that attacks from Electric-Type Pokémon cannot take away any HP from those Fighting-Type Pokémon.

As written before, Pokémon of a certain Element Type in the TGC will not always have the same strengths, weaknesses, and resistances as others of the same Element Type. This is because the TCG often combines multiple Element Types from the game into one. For example, Rock- and Ground-Type Pokémon from the games have resistance to Electric-Type attacks, but Fighting-Type Pokémon do not. Since the Fighting Element from the TCG was originally three different Element-Types from the game, this is why some Fighting-Type Pokémon have resistance to Electric-Type Pokémon but other Fighting-Type Pokémon do not.

UEFA Women's Euro 2022 final

The UEFA Women's Euro 2022 final was a last football match on 31 July 2022 at Wembley Stadium in London, England. It decided who would win the UEFA Women's Euro 2022. The teams playing were England and Germany, and England won 2-1. The final match had a full crowd of 87,192 people, which was a record for a women's international match in Europe and any European Championship final. England won the game 2–1 after extra time. This was their first time winning the European Championship, their first major women's international tournament, and the first time an English senior team had won a big football tournament since the 1966 FIFA World Cup, where they also beat Germany at Wembley.

The match was very close, and both goals were scored in regular time in the second half and the last one in extra-time. The first goal was set up by England's Keira Walsh, who was named the best player of the match. The final between England and Germany, became a symbol of the women sports growing in Europe. 

England was chosen to host the UEFA Women's Euro 2022, so they automatically got a spot in the tournament. Before 2022, England, reached the final twice but didn't win. They lost to Sweden in 1984 after a penalty shootout and were runners-up again in 2009, losing 2-6 to Germany.

As the host, England was placed in Group A with Austria, Norway (who had won the tournament twice before), and Northern Ireland, who were participating for the first time. England started their journey to win their first European title by defeating Austria 1-0. Then, they made history by beating Norway 8-0, which was the biggest win in the history of both men's and women's European Championships. After there being boosted by their record-breaking victory, England also defeated Northern Ireland 5-0, topping the group with a perfect record and no goals conceded. This set them up for a quarter-final match against Spain.

In the quarter-finals, England allowed their first goal of the tournament, scored by Esther González. But they managed to equalize with a goal from Ella Toone before extra time. Then, a goal from Georgia Stanway secured a 2-1 win for England, taking them into the semi-finals against Sweden.

In the semi-finals, England won over Sweden with a 4-0 victory, which included an impressive backheel goal by Alessia Russo and a mistake by Hedvig Lindahl. This win took England to the finals for the first time since 2009.

Germany is the most successful women's team in Europe. They have won the Euro title eight times, with their most recent victory being a 6-2 win over England in 2009. In the qualifiers for the UEFA Women's Euro 2022, Germany was in Group I with Ukraine, Republic of Ireland, Greece, and Montenegro. They won all eight of their matches to secure a spot in the tournament held in England.

During the main tournament, Germany was placed in Group B with Spain, Denmark, and Finland. They beat Denmark 4-0, avenging their loss in the previous edition's quarter-finals. They also defeated Spain 2-0 and Finland 3-0, finishing at the top of their group without conceding any goals. In the quarter-finals, Germany won 2-0 against Austria, earning them a place in the semi-finals where they faced France. In the semi-finals, Germany conceded their first goal of the tournament due to an own goal by their goalkeeper Merle Frohms, but they still managed to win with two goals from Alexandra Popp. This victory took them to the finals for the first time since 2013.

<section begin="Final" /><section end="Final" /><section begin="Line-ups" />
</includeonly><section end="Line-ups" />


Supersonic (Jamiroquai song)

"Supersonic" is a 1999 song by English funk band Jamiroquai and is the third single from their fourth studio album "Synkronized". It went to number 22 in the United Kingdom and Scotland, number 75 in the Netherlands and number 3 in Iceland. It topped the Billboard Dance Club Songs charts.




Move It On Over (song)

"Move It On Over" is a 1947 song by country singer-songwriter Hank Williams. It was recorded on April 21, 1947 at Castle Studio, Nashville along with "I Saw the Light", "(Last Night) I Heard You Crying in Your Sleep" and "Six More Miles to the Graveyard". It was covered by Bill Haley in 1957 and George Thorogood in 1978 and is the title track to his second studio album "Move It On Over".

Raigad district

Raigad is a district located in the Konkan Division of Maharashtra, with its western boundary along the Arabian Sea coast. The headquarters of the district is Alibag. The district boasts a landscape characterized by hilly areas, primarily within the Sahyadri mountain range. Formerly named Kolaba, it was later renamed Raigad District due to the popularity of one of it's fort named Raigad Fort.

Raigad is best known for its historical sites, beautiful beaches, attractive scenery, and the diverse plant and animal life found in the Western Ghats. The district also holds significant religious sites such as the Ashtavinayak Temples and Elephanta Caves, which bear witness to its culturally rich heritage.

Federation of Malaya

The Federation of Malaya was a federation of what previously had been British Malaya, with eleven states that existed from 1 Febuary 1948 until 16 September 1963. The Federation became independent on 31 August 1957, and in 1963, Malaysia was formed when Malaya united with Singapore, North Borneo, and Sarawak.

Raorchestes cangyuanensis

The Honnametti bush frog ("Roarchestes honnametti") is a frog. It lives in India, Bangladesh, and China. Scientists think it could also live in Myanmar. Scientists have seen it 1272 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 16.1–20.0 mm long from nose to rear end. It has disks on all its toes for climbing. The disks are orange in color. There is only some webbed skin on its feet. The skin of the frog's back is brown in color. The iris of the eye is gold-brown in color. The tops of the back legs are orange with black stripes. The bottoms of the legs are brown with black and white spots.

United States of Indonesia

The United States of Indonesia was a short-lived federal state to which the Netherlands formally transferred sovereignty of the Dutch East Indies on 27 December 1949 following the Dutch-Indonesian Round Table Conference.

List of constituencies in Spain

This is a list of constituencies () located in Spain.

Spain uses multi-member constituencies for elections to the Cortes Generales, regional legislatures and the European Parliament. Spain has one European Parliament constituency.
















Julia Donaldson

Julia Catherine Donaldson CBE (née Shields; born 16 September 1948) is an English writer. She has published over 180 works. 

Donaldson earned a Children's Laureate award for her children's books, which include "The Gruffalo", "Room on the Broom" and "Stick Man". Many of her children's books are illustrated by German artist Axel Scheffler.

She has won many awards. In 2011, Donaldson was made a Member of the British Empire by Elizabeth II. She was also made the honorary doctorate of the University of Bristol and the University of Glasgow.


Arnold Wetl

Arnold Wetl (born 2 February 1970 in Eibiswald) is a former Austrian football player. He played as midfielder mainly for SK Sturm Graz. He also played for the Austrian national football team
Wetl started his professional career with Sturm Grazin 1989. After seven years Wetl moved abroad to FC Porto in Portugal. After one year SK Rapid Vienna brought him back home. In 2001 Wetl made his comeback with Sturm Graz. From 2003 to 2005 he played at FC Gratkorn at the end of his career. Wetl ended his football career in 2005.

He played 21 matches for the Austrian national football team and scored 4 goals. His first match was on 30 October 1990 versus Yugoslavia. His last match was on 27 March 1999 versus Spain. He played three matches for Austria in the 1998 World Cup.


Mirie it is while sumer ilast

Mirie it is while sumer ilast (Modern English: Merry it is while summer lasts) is a English song which was first composed between 1200 and 1250 AD.

A medieval manuscript was discovered in the end of the 19th century. The manuscript contained two French songs, which can be found in the Psalms, and one English song, which was non-religious/biblical. The English song carried the title, Mirie it is while sumer ilast. The manuscript is the only source of this song, to be written before the late 19th century (when the manuscript containing the song was discovered).

Due to its age, the manuscript carried lots of holes in it, so either not all words in the lyrics of the songs could be readable, 
or some words are just speculated to have been composed in the manuscript. This is what the readable part of the song read:
Because the song was written between 1200 and 1250 AD, it would not only sound much different, but also the majority of the words in the lyrics would be spelled and pronounced differently, if it were to be first composed and sung in the modern-day world. 

This is the Modern English version of the song:


Bangladesh Air Force

The Bangladesh Air Force (BAF) () is the aerial warfare branch of the Bangladesh Armed Forces. It is responsible for air defence of Bangladesh's sovereign territory as well as providing air support to the Bangladesh Army and Bangladesh Navy. Furthermore, the BAF has a territorial role in providing tactical and strategic air transport and logistics capability for the country.

Since its establishment on 28 September 1971, the Air Force has been involved in various combat and humanitarian operations, from the Bangladesh Liberation War in which it was born, to supporting international efforts including United Nations peacekeeping missions. Operation Kilo Flight was a famous operation conducted by the Bangladesh Air Force during the Bangladesh Liberation War

Bangladesh Navy

The Bangladesh Navy () is the naval warfare branch of the Bangladesh Armed Forces, responsible for Bangladesh's of maritime territorial area, and the defence of important harbours, military bases and economic zones. The primary role of the Bangladesh Navy is to protect the country's economic and military interests at home and abroad. The Bangladesh navy is also a front line disaster management force in Bangladesh, and participates in humanitarian missions abroad. It is a key regional player in counter terrorism efforts, and engages in global peacekeeping with the United Nations.

Murder of Junko Furuta

Junko Furuta (18 January 1971 – 4 January 1989) was a high school student. On 25 November 1988, Furuta was kidnapped. She was beaten, raped, held captive for 42 days, and murdered. It is described as one of the worst cases in post-war Japan.

On 25 November 1988, Furuta was on her bike and riding home from her part-time job at a electronics retailer. Hiroshi Miyano told his friend, Nobuharu Minato, to kick Furuta off her bike and run away. Miyano then asked to escort Furuta to her house. Miyano instead took Furuta to an abandoned warehouse where he raped and beat her. He told her that he had connections to the yakuza, knew where her family lived and would kill them if she told the police. Miyano took Furuta to a hotel where he along with Minato, Jō Ogura and Yasushi Watanabe were waiting and all took turns raping her. They had recently also done this to another girl.

They took Furuta to Minato's parent's house. They held her there for 42 days. After three days missing, Furuta's mother was working with the police to try and find her. Her captors knew this and forced Furuta to call her parents to tell them she ran away and to not look for her.

Minato's brother and parents knew a girl was in the house. The captors tried to say that Furuta was a girlfriend to one of them but they didn't believe them. Minato's brother and parents didn't care, saying they were too scared because of Minato's anger, his yakuza ties and their reputation. The captors later gave up on their story.

The captors would brag to their friends about keeping Furuta captive. They would invite people over to also rape Furuta. At least 30 people did this. It's believed that over 100 people did this by the end, 500 different times, with up to 12 different men in a day.

Due to dehydration, Furuta would vomit which cause the captors to become angry and beat her even more. They fed her water, milk, and her own urine due to not being able to control her bladder because of how badly they beat her. They also forced her to eat live cockroahes. They would force her to be naked most of the time, putting her in a freezer and making her sleep on the balcony in cold weather. After 20 days, she couldn't walk. They would dump lighter fluid on her legs, set her on fire and crush her hands with dumbbells.
During a night where her captors got drunk, Furuta tried to escape. She crawled downstairs and tried to call the police but Miyano found her, took the phone, and told the police that he called the wrong number. They set her on fire, put her head on concrete and stomped on it. After a while, they had beaten her so badly that they didn't find her attractive anymore so they used the same plan they had before to rape another 19-year-old.

They hung her to the ceiling fan by her wrists and used her as a human punching bag, naked. They would force her to masturbate and dance naked in front of "guests". They shoved objects such as a lit match, medal pole, knives and wood up her vagina and anus.

On 4 January, 1989, after a defeat in mahjong, Minato and the boys were angry so they beat and burned her for two hours. Furuta would go into shock and died the next day. Minato's brother phoned him to tell them of her death so they rushed to the house. They put Furuta's body in a 55-gallon oil drum and filled it with concrete. They dumped the drum at a construction site in Kōtō.

After being questioned about the rape of the 19-year-old, Hiroshi got confused and thought they were talking about Furuta. He thought that the other boys had told police about her so he told police about what happened to Furuta and told them where her body was. They had to identify her by fingerprints because her face was so badly beaten. The autopsy also revealed that she was pregnant. After being told about the details of her murder, Furuta's mother fainted and was entered into a psychiatric hospital.

The Japanese police didn't reveal their names because they were underage but "Shūkan Bunshun", a Japanese magazine found and leaked their names saying that they were "inhuman and didn't deserve human rights". They were first going to be tried as juveniles but it was later decided that they would be tried as adults because of public backlash.

They got light sentences. They were not charged with murder, instead being charged with "causing bodily injury resulting in death". Hiroshi got 17 years but it was later upgraded to 20 after an appeal, Minato got 5 to 7 years, Watanabe got 9 years and Jō got 8 years. After being released, Minato changed his name to Shinji and was later arrested for the attempted murder of a businessman. Jō changed his name to Jō Kamisaku. He bragged about Furuta's murder. Jō's father felt shame and said that he would give his entire life savings to Furuta's family. Jō took the money and spent it on himself instead. Jō's mother blamed Furuta for ruining her son's life and allegedly vandalized Furuta's tombstone.

Black Coffee in Bed

"Black Coffee in Bed" is a 1982 song by British band Squeeze. It is the leading single from their fifth studio album "Sweets from a Stranger". It went to number 51 in the United Kingdom and number 26 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Chart.


Kurixalus gracilloides

The Gracile frilled tree frog ("Kurixalus gracilloides") is a frog. It lives Vietnam. People have seen it more than 150 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 27.9–31.2 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is gold-brown in color with dark marks on the back. There is some fringed skin on its legs. There is some webbed skin on the front feet and more on the back feet.

Douglas Ross

Douglas Gordon Ross (born 27 January 1983) known as "Wee Dafty"is a Scottish politician who has been the Leader of the Scottish Conservative Party since 2020, and Leader of the Opposition in Scotland since 2021. He has also been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Moray since 2017. Moray is in the north-east of Scotland, with a coastline on the Moray Firth, and is next to the areas of Aberdeenshire and the Scottish Highland. Aswell as being a MP, Ross is also a Member of the Scottish Parliament (MSP) for the Highlands and Islands since 2021. He was previously MSP for the region from 2016 to 2017.


On the Banks of the Old Ponchartrain

"On the Banks of the Old Ponchartrain" is a 1947 song written by Hank Williams and was his second single released on MGM records. It has been covered by Rose Maddox, Don Gibson, Hank Williams Jr. and Hothouse Flowers. 

Lonely Day

"Lonely Day" is the second single off of American rock band System of a Down's fifth studio album "Hypnotize". The song was released on April 17, 2006.

The song was able to make it to #10 on the Alternative Airplay, #10 on the Mainstream Rock, and #23 on the Bubbling Under Hot 100 Singles charts. The song was certified Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The song was nominated for Best Hard Rock Performance at the 49th Grammy Awards but lost to Wolfmother's "Woman".

Guitarist Daron Malakian wrote the song. The song is about a day in his life that he wants to forget.

A music video for the song was released. In the video, the band is relaxing on their tour bus while Malakian sings. The World is in slow motion. While people go about their day, different objects are on fire. The band's tour bus leaves the burning city. 

The song appears in the 2007 movie "Disturbia" and on an episode of and on the soundtrack to the 2023 Netflix comedy drama series "Beef".

Laxmirani Majhi

Laxmirani Majhi is an Indian archer. She was born on 26 January 1989. Majhi competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Shyam Lal Meena

Shyam Lal Meena is an Indian archer. He was born on 4 March 1965. Lal Meena competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Satyadev Prasad

Satyadev Prasad is an Indian archer. He was born on 19 September 1979. Prasad competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Tite Kubo

, better known as Tite Kubo, is a Japanese manga artist and character designer. He is best known for creating the manga series "Bleach". He has also created the series "Zombiepowder." and "Burn the Witch".

He first started writing for "Weekly Shōnen Jump" in 1996. His first manga was "Zombiepowder", which he released through "Weekly Shonen Jump" in 1999.

His most popular manga "Bleach" was released in 2001. It would go on to have 698 chapters and ran in serialization from 2001 until 2016. It is one of the best-selling manga in history. It won a Shogakukan Manga Award in 2004. It also had a very popular anime adaption which had 366 episodes and ran from 2004 until March 7, 2012.

During the 2012 Jump Festa convention, Kubo announced that he had gotten married.

Cata Coll

Catalina Thomas Coll Lluch (born 23 April 2001), also known as Cata Coll, is a Spanish football player. She plays as a goalkeeper for FC Barcelona in the Liga F league and also represents the Spain national team. Cata Coll started playing football when she was 6 years old for a team called Sant Marçal. Initially, she played as a central defender but switched to being a goalkeeper when she was 11. She even played on boys' teams until she was 14. Then, she moved on to women's teams, starting with Athletic Marratxí and later Collerense. In her last season with Collerense, she played a crucial role in helping the team get promoted to the Iberdrola Challenge League. She performed so well that she caught the attention of top-tier clubs in the Primera División. Eventually, she decided to join FC Barcelona.

Sweets from a Stranger

Sweets from a Stranger is the fifth studio album by British band Squeeze. It was released in September, 1982 through A&M Records. It went to number 20 in the United Kingdom and was their last until 1985.

All songs written by Chris Difford and Glenn Tilbrook.



Bangladesh Agricultural University

Bangladesh Agricultural University (, "Bangladesh Krishi Bishshobiddalôe"), abbreviated as BAU, was established in 1961. It is the first agricultural university and also the second largest public university of Bangladesh. This university is located in Mymensingh city. The university has 44 departments.

BAU was the second highest budgeted public university in Bangladesh for the year 2013–2014. It is ranked number one university of Bangladesh according to the webometrics university ranking 2017. BAU has been ranked 2nd in the Bangladesh in the Times higher education world university ranking 2022.

Run for Cover (Sugababes song)

"Run for Cover" is a 2001 song by English band Sugababes and is the third single from their debut studio album "One Touch". It went to number 13 in the United Kingdom, number 17 in Scotland, number 49 in New Zealand and the Netherlands, number 28 in Germany, number 38 in Austria and number 35 in Ireland.

Notes

Women's Finalissima

The Women's Finalissima is a special women's football tournament organized by CONMEBOL and UEFA. It's played once every four years, and teams from South America and Europe compete in it. The teams that win the Copa América Femenina and UEFA Women's Championship take part. It's like a big championship match for women's football, similar to the CONMEBOL-UEFA Cup of Champions. They decided to have this tournament in 2022 as part of their partnership.

On 12th February 2020, UEFA and CONMEBOL (two football organizations) agreed to work together more closely. They formed a committee to think about having football matches between teams from Europe and South America, for both men and women of different ages. Then, on 15th December 2021, they agreed to work together until 2028. They also decided to open an office together in London and talked about organizing different football events.

On 2nd June 2022, after the 2022 Finalissima, CONMEBOL and UEFA announced some new events involving teams from both regions. One of these events was a match between the winners of South America's Copa América Femenina and the winners of Europe's UEFA Women's Championship. The first time this happened was on 6th April 2023 at Wembley Stadium in London, England. Brazil, who won the 2022 Copa América Femenina, played against England, who won the UEFA Women's Euro 2022. England won the first edition after a penalty shootout, following a 1-1 draw in regular time. This new competition doesn't have extra time, so ties go straight to a penalty shootout.

Someday (Steve Earle song)

"Someday" is a 1986 song by Steve Earle and is the third single from their debut studio album "Guitar Town". It went to number 28 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 31 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart. It was used in the 2007 movie "Bridge to Terabithia" 

Copa América Femenina

The Copa América Femenina ("also known as Copa América Feminina in Portuguese") is the main competition for women's national football teams in South America. It's like the women's version of the Copa América. They started it in 1991. At first, only the winning team got to go to the FIFA Women's World Cup. But in the third edition, the winners went automatically, and the second-place team had to play against a team from North and Central America (CONCACAF) to try and get into the World Cup. In the fourth, fifth, and sixth editions, the top two teams got direct spots in the 2003, 2007, and 2011 World Cups. In December 2020, CONMEBOL said they would have this tournament every two years instead of every four, starting in 2022. They also have versions of this tournament for Under-20 and Under-17 teams.

So far, only Bolivia has not yet reached a top four position in the tournament.

Luis Rubiales

Luis Manuel Rubiales Béjar, (born 23 August 1977), used to be a Spanish football official and a player. He played as a defender and took part in 53 matches in the La Liga over three seasons. He held the position of president in the Royal Spanish Football Federation and was also one of the vice presidents of UEFA. However, on 10 September 2023, he stepped down from his role due to a scandal related to Jennifer Hermoso during the award ceremony for the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup final.

Pseudophilautus schmarda

Schmarda's shrub frog or the Sri Lanka bug-eyed frog ("Pseudophilautus schmarda") is a frog. It lives in the hills in the middle of Sri Lanka. It lives in cloud forests. Scientists have seen it between 810 and 2300 meters above sea level.

Luke Russert

Luke Orth Russert (born August 22, 1985) is an American author and broadcast news correspondent, who worked for NBC News from 2008 to 2016. His reporting was seen on "NBC Nightly News", "TODAY", NBCNews.com, and MSNBC. He also was a guest anchor on various MSNBC programs, including "Andrea Mitchell Reports" and "Way Too Early". He is the son of the late television journalist, lawyer, and longest-serving moderator of NBC's "Meet the Press" Tim Russert.

Copperplate script

A copperplate script is a style of calligraphic writing most commonly associated with English Roundhand. Although often used as an term for various forms of pointed pen calligraphy, Copperplate most accurately refers to script styles represented in copybooks created using the intaglio printmaking method.

The term "Copperplate Script" identifies one of the most well-known and liked calligraphic styles of all time. Earlier versions of this script required a thin-tipped feather pen. Later, with the rise of industrialization, the use of more flexible and durable fine-point metal nibs became widespread. Many masters offered their contributions of the copperplate script, but what really stood out was the work of the writing master and engraver George Bickham, who in his book "The Universal Penman" (1733–1741) collected script samples from twenty-five of the most talented London calligraphers. Copperplate was undoubtedly the most widespread script in the period between the 17th and 18th centuries, and its influence spread not only throughout Europe but also in North America.

Bona Sforza

Bona Sforza d'Aragona (2 February 1494 – 19 November 1557) was Queen of Poland by marriage to Sigismund the Old. She was a member of the House of Sforza.

San Lorenzo, Loreto

San Lorenzo is a town in the Loreto Region in northeastern Peru. It is the capital of both Datem del Marañón Province and Barranca District. 6,034 people lived here in 2006.

Requena, Loreto

Requena is a town in the Loreto Region in northeastern Peru. It is the capital of both Requena Province and Requena District. 25,313 people lived here in 2017.

Crikey steveirwini

Crikey steveirwini is a species of snail. "Crikey steveirwini" is the only species in the genus Crikey. In scientific terms the snail is a terrestrial gastropod mollusc.

The snail's scientific name, "steveirwini," is named after Australian wildlife expert Steve Irwin, who died from a stingray injury in 2006. The genus name "Crikey," was a favourite interjection of Steve Irwin's. The snail species was named in 2009 by John Stanisic, a scientist at the Queensland Museum. Stanisic was later awarded Certified Environmental Practitioner of the Year 2010.

"Crikey steveirwini" is an arboreal species, which means it's lives in trees. It lives in subalpine zone of the Wet Tropics of Queenlands. The Wet Tropics are a group of tropical rainforests in the Great Dividing Range, a mountainous region along the coast of north-east Queensland in Australia. It has been found at altitudes over , which is unusual for Australian land snails. It has been said that because the snail's mountainous habitats will be among the first places to be affected by climate change, the snail could be useful for monitoring climate change.

The small rare snail can reach in size. It's shell has a long , and is creamy yellow with coppery brown spiral stripes.

Talara

Talara is a city in Peru. It is in the Piura Region.

María Antonia Avilés Perea

María Antonia Avilés Perea (born 28 June 1944 Murcia) is a Spanish politician. From 1999 to 2004, she was a member of the European Parliament. 

She has a degree in economic and business sciences from the Complutense University of Madrid and a diploma in French from the Official Language School of Zaragoza.

From 1979 to 1983, she was councilor of Zaragoza town hall for the Democratic Center Union (UCD). After the collapse of her party, she joined the Popular Party , where she was Secretary of Studies and Programs and Member of the Aragon Regional Committee . She was elected deputy in the European Parliament elections of 1999 . From 1999 to 2004, she was a member of the Commission for Women's Rights and Equal Opportunities of the European Parliament, and of the Delegation for Relations with the Palestinian Legislative Council ,

From 2004 to 2007 she was a member of the Board of Directors of the Aragonese Radio and Television Corporation. She was elected deputy in the 2007 elections to the Courts of Aragon , where she has been a member of the Science, Technology and University Commission of the Courts of Aragon . In the 2011 Courts elections, she was not re-elected.

Proslavery thought

Proslavery is support for slavery. These thoughts can already be found in ancient religious texts. There were also philosophers in classical antiquity who supported these ideas. They can also be found in British and American writings, especially before the American Civil War. Jack Kershaw, who served as an attorney for James Earl Ray, the assassin of Martin Luther King Jr., is famous for saying "Somebody needs to say a good word for slavery."

In general, the arguments in favor of slavery include:


Greek philosopher Aristotle claimed that some people were slaves by nature. For this reason, he argued that their enslavement was the only way to serve their best interests. 

Today, people do not agree about what Artistotle meant with the word "slavery"; some political philosophers see the idea as controversial. Aristotle wrote in book I of the Politics:
Accordingly, those who are as different [from other men] as the soul from the body or man from beast—and they are in this state if their work is the use of the body, and if this is the best that can come from them—are slaves by nature. For them it is better to be ruled in accordance with this sort of rule, if such is the case for the other things mentioned. For he is a slave by nature who is capable of belonging to another–which is also why he belongs to another–and who participates in reason only to the extent of perceiving it, but does not have it.
Plato supported slavery in his "Laws".

Imeong

Imeong is the capital of the west Palauan state of Ngaremlengui. Its population was 132 in 2009.

Huaral

Huaral is a city in Peru. It is in the Lima Region.

Rajan Khinvasara

Rajan Khinvasara (born August 24, 1953) is an Indian entrepreneur. He is the Chairman of the Manisha Group of Companies.



Manta, Ecuador

Manta is a city in Ecuador. It is in the Manabí Province. In 2010, 217,553 people lived there.

Ovalle

Ovalle is a city and commune in the Coquimbo Region, Chile. According to the 2002 census, 98,089 people lived there.

Ovalle was founded in 1831.


2027 Cricket World Cup

The 2027 ICC Cricket World Cup will mark the 14th edition of this quadrennial"(happens every 4 year)" One Day International (ODI) cricket world cup. This event features men's national teams and is organized by the International Cricket Council (ICC). It's set to take place in South Africa, Zimbabwe, and Namibia during October and November 2027. This tournament will be co-hosted by South Africa and Zimbabwe for the second time, following the 2003 edition, and it's the first time Namibia will host. The tournament will include 14 teams instead of usual 10 teams. Australia will be the defending champions going into the tournament as they had won the 2023 Cricket World Cup.

South Africa and Zimbabwe (co-hosts) along with the top eight teams in the ICC ODI rankings will qualify directly for the tournament, while the remaining four spots will be decided by the 2026 Cricket World Cup Qualifier. Although Namibia will co-host the tournament for the first time in their history, they will not get a spot directly because they are not a full ICC member, and as a result they will have to go through the basic qualification pathway.

The competition will use two groups of seven, with the top three teams in each group progressing to a Super Six stage, followed by semi-finals and a final. Each team in a group will play all the other sides in the same group once. This format was previously used in the 2003 Cricket World Cup.

King for a Day (Jamiroquai song)

"King for a Day" is a 1999 song by English funk band Jamiroquai and is the fourth single from their fourth studio album "Synkronized". The song pays tribute to Stuart Zender whom departed the band during the recording of their fourth studio album. It went to number 20 in the United Kingdom, number 18 in Scotland, number 89 in the Netherlands and number 51 in Switzerland.

UK CD1 

UK CD2 

UK cassette single and European CD single 

European maxi-CD single 

Jambi

Jambi is a province of Indonesia. It is on the island of Sumatra. Its capital and largest city is also named Jambi.

Lampung

Lampung is a province of Indonesia. It is on the island of Sumatra. The capital is Bandar Lampung.

North Sumatra

North Sumatra () is a province of Indonesia. It is on the northern part of the island of Sumatra. Its capital and largest city is Medan. It is bordered by Aceh on the northwest and Riau and West Sumatra in the southeast. North Sumatra is the fourth most populous province in Indonesia after West Java, East Java and Central Java, and the third-largest province on the island of Sumatra after the neighbouring Riau. Its area is 72,981 km. According to the 2020 census, 14,799,361 people lived there.

Rhea Ripley

Demi Bennett (born 11 October 1996) is an Australian professional wrestler. She currently wrestles for the WWE, where she competes under the ring name Rhea Ripley and is the current Women's World Champion. She is also a member of the stable The Judgment Day with Finn Bálor, Damian Priest and "Dirty" Dominik Mysterio.

During her time in the WWE, she has been a one-time Raw Women's Champion, one-time WWE SmackDown Women's/Women's World Champion, one-time WWE Women's Tag Team Champion, one-time NXT Women's Champion, one-time NXT UK Women's Champion, the winner of the Women's Royal Rumble in 2023, and the winner of the NXT UK Women's Championship Tournament.

Ripley started her WWE career by competing in the first Mae Young Classic in 2017. She made it to the second round before losing to Dakota Kai. She then made her debut on the "NXT" brand on 25 October 2017 in a battle royal to become number one contender for the NXT Women's Championship.

On the 22 March 2021 episode of "Raw", Ripley made her main roster debut. She challenged Asuka to a match for the Raw Women's Championship at WrestleMania 37 which Asuka accepted. She defeated Asuka on the second night of WrestleMania 37 to win the Raw Women's Championship.

She joined The Judgment Day at WrestleMania Backlash after she attacked AJ Styles in his match against Edge.

At the Royal Rumble, Ripley competed in the women's rumble match. She entered at #1 and was able to win the match. She became the first woman to win the rumble at #1, had the longest time in a women's Royal Rumble match at 1:01:08, and was the fourth to win from #1 (after Shawn Michaels in 1995, Chris Benoit in 2004, and Edge in 2021). On the first night of WrestleMania 39, Ripley defeated Charlotte Flair to become the SmackDown Women's Champion. The title was renamed "Women's World Championship" on June 12.

She is engaged to AEW wrestler Buddy Matthews.


Bolesławiec

Bolesławiec ( , , ) is a city in the Lower Silesian Voivodeship. It is in western Poland. The city is on the Bóbr River. It is the administrative seat of Bolesławiec County and Gmina Bolesławiec. As of June 2021, 38,280 people lived there. The city was founded in the 13th century. It is known for its pottery-making tradition.

Żory

Żory is a city in Silesian Voivodeship in Poland. In 2021, 62,848 people lived there. Its area is 64.64 km².

Disco 2000 (song)

"Disco 2000" is a 1995 song by English alternative rock band Pulp and is the third single from their fifth studio album "Different Class". It went to number 7 in the United Kingdom, number 8 in Scotland and Hungary, number 35 in Australia, number 2 in Iceland, number 14 in Austria and number 13 in Ireland.


Heartbreak Hotel (Whitney Houston song)

"Heartbreak Hotel" is a 1998 song by Whitney Houston and featuring Faith Evans and Kelly Price. It is the second single from her fourth studio album "My Love Is Your Love" and was originally offered to TLC but turned it down. It went to number 2 in the United States, number 25 in the United Kingdom, number 33 in New Zealand, number 17 in Australia, number 49 in Scotland, number 7 in France, number 15 in Iceland, number 16 in Canada and number 41 in the Netherlands. It was nominated for 2 Grammy Awards in 2000.






Dominik Mysterio

Dominik Óscar Gutiérrez (born April 5, 1997) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for the WWE, where he competes under the ring name "Dirty" Dominik Mysterio. He is also a member of the stable The Judgment Day with Finn Bálor, Damian Priest, and Rhea Ripley.

During his time in the WWE, he has been a two-time NXT North American Champion and one-time WWE SmackDown Tag Team Champion.

He is a third-generation professional wrestler. His father is Rey Mysterio and his great-uncle is Rey Misterio.

Before becoming a professional wrestler, Gutiérrez appeared on WWE programming with his father Rey Mysterio. During a storyline with his father and Eddie Guerrero, Guerrero said that he was the father of Dominik. Guerrero and Rey fought in a ladder match for the custody of Dominik at SummerSlam which Rey won.

Mysterio made his in-ring debut at SummerSlam on August 23, 2020 where he was defeated by Seth Rollins in a street fight. On August 30, Mysterio got his first victory in WWE at Payback where he teamed with his father to defeat Rollins and Murphy.

At WrestleMania Backlash on May 16, 2021, Mysterio and his father defeated Dolph Ziggler and Robert Roode to win the SmackDown Tag Team Championship. This was Dominick's first WWE championship and the first time that a father and son tag team became champions in the WWE. They later lost the titles to The Usos at Money in the Bank.

Dominik, his father and Edge started feuding with The Judgment Day after they kicked Edge out and kept trying to have Dominik join them for months. At Clash at the Castle, Dominik attacked Edge and his father after their victory and joined The Judgment Day.

On September 30, 2023 at NXT No Mercy, Mysterio lost the NXT North American Championship to Trick Williams. On the October 3 episode "NXT", Mysterio was able to win the championship back when he defeated Williams. At NXT Deadline, Mysterio would lose the title to Dragon Lee.

On January 2, 2023, he got engaged to his longtime girlfriend Marie Juliette.


Howlin' for You

"Howlin' for You" is a 2011 song by The Black Keys and is the second single from their sixth studio album "Brothers". It went to number 50 in Canada and number 5 on the Billboard Hot Rock & Alternative Songs charts.

Voss (disambiguation)

Voss or VOSS can be



Voss (also as Voß in German, meaning "fox" in Low German) is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:



Working on a Dream (song)

"Working on a Dream" is a 2008 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the title track to his 16th studio album "Working on a Dream". It went to number 95 in the United States, number 9 in Norway, number 91 in Canada and number 26 in Italy and won a Grammy Award in 2010.

Waitin' on a Sunny Day

Waitin' on a Sunny Day is a 2003 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the third track from his 12th studio album "The Rising". It was not released in the United States but when to number 15 in Sweden, number 27 in Italy and number 20 in Spain.

Tarundeep Rai

Tarundeep Rai is an Indian archer. He was born on 22 February 1984. Rai competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics, 2012 Summer Olympics, and 2020 Summer Olympics.

Naushad Iqbal

Naushad Iqbal (born 16 February 2002) is a Bangladeshi cricketer. he was selected 16 February 2018 in the 2018–19 Dhaka Premier Division Twenty20 Cricket League Bangladesh Krira Shikkha Protishtan cricket team draft list. On 25 February 2019, he made his T20 debut for the Bangladesh Sports Education Institute cricket team in the 2018–19 Dhaka Premier Division Twenty20 Cricket League, taking one wicket for seventeen runs.

He made his List A cricket debut on 8 March 2019 for the Bangladesh Krira Shikkha Protishtan cricket team in the 2018–19 Dhaka Premier Division Cricket League.


Limba Ram

Limba Ram is an Indian archer. He was born on 30 January 1972. Ram competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, 1992 Summer Olympics, and 1996 Summer Olympics.

Sumangala Sharma

Sumangala Sharma is an archer from India. She was born on 30 December 1986. Sharma competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Star Walkin'

"Star Walkin' ("League of Legends" Worlds Anthem)" is a song by American rapper Lil Nas X. Lil Nas X made the song as the anthem for the 2022 "League of Legends" World Championship.

The song was able to make it to #10 on the Mainstream Top 40, #11 on the Rhythmic, #16 on the Adult Top 40, #17 on the Canadian Hot 100,#21 on the "Billboard" Global 200, #22 on the Dance/Mix Show Airplay, #27 on the Adult Contemporary, and #32 on the "Billboard" Hot 100.

The song was certified Platinum by the Australian Recording Industry Association (ARIA), Syndicat National de l'Édition Phonographique (SNEP), Association of Hungarian Record Companies (MAHASZ), and Federazione Industria Musicale Italiana (FIMI).
In the song, Lil Nas X raps about his rise in hip hop and how he proved his haters wrong. During a Apple Music 1 interview with Zane Lowe, he spoke about creating the song, saying: “I had the verses forever, and it took, no joke, 30 different, 40 different 50, I don’t know how many different hooks, to get the hook to a place where I’m, ‘Okay, this is something I like. That’s cool.'”

A music video for the song was released. It was an anime-inspired music video. In the video, the players make their way to the League of Legends Championship in San Francisco.

2025 Moto2 World Championship

The 2025 is the second class of the 77th F.I.M. World Championship season.

All teams use series-specified Pirelli tires and 765cc .

Numb (Linkin Park song)

"Numb" is the third single off of American rock band Linkin Park's second studio album "Meteora". The song was released on September 8, 2003.

The song was able to make it to #10 on the Alternative Airplay, #10 on the Mainstream Rock, #23 on the Hot Rock & Alternative Songs, #10 on the Mainstream Top 40, #10 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, #33 on the Canadian Hot 100, #23 on the Adult Top 40, and #33 on the "Billboard" Global 200 charts. The song was certified 4× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The song has over 1 billion streams on Spotify.

The song is about a teen who doesn't want to follow in their parents footsteps. They feel trapped by their overbearing parent and don't feel like they can live up to their expectations. They would rather be their own person instead of what their parent wants them to be.

A music video for the song was released. In the video, the band is playing in a church. An outcast girl (played by Briana Evigan) is in class drawing. She gets laughed at by other students after the teacher yells at her for not paying attention. Nobody wants to be near her and nobody helps her when she gets bumped and falls down in the hallway. It's shown that she has scars that spell out NUMB from cutting her forearm. She is shown painting and then runs to the church where the band is playing but they aren't there. The music video has over 2 billion views on YouTube.

There was remix released called "Numb/Encore" in 2004. It featured American rapper Jay-Z. The remix won Best Rap/Sung Collaboration at the 48th Grammy Awards.

End of Time

"End of Time" is a 2012 song by Beyoncé and is the sixth and final single from her fourth studio album "4". It was meant to be the follow to the hit single "Run the World (Girls)" but was delayed until April 2012. It went to number 39 in the United Kingdom, number 27 in Ireland and number 26 in South Korea.

Crawling (song)

"Crawling" is the second single off of American rock band Linkin Park's first studio album "Hybrid Theory". The song was released on October 24, 2000.

The song was able to make it to #3 on the Mainstream Rock, #5 on the Alternative Airplay, and #79 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts. The song was certified Gold by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). The song won Best Hard Rock Performance at the 44th Grammy Awards.

Vocalist Chester Bennington said that he wrote the song about his battle with drug addiction, saying that "Crawling is about feeling like I had no control over myself in terms of drugs and alcohol, hence the line "These wounds they will not heal..." He also said that the song is one of the hardest for him to sing live.

A music video for the song was released. In the video, a woman in an abusive relationship looks in a mirror at the bruises on her body as blood drips into the sink. The man enters the bathroom and it cut to the band playing while surrounded by crystals. The woman has her hands over her head and is scared. Different scenes of her life are shown. A woman looks at her worried and she cries alone in the shower. At the end, she smiles and touches her reflection in the mirror.

This Train Don't Stop There Anymore

"This Train Don't Stop There Anymore" is a 2002 song by Elton John and was taken from his 26th studio album "Songs from the West Coast". It went to number 24 in the United Kingdom and Scotland and number 83 in the Netherlands. It was covered by Rosanne Cash and Emmylou Harris in 2018.




Papercut (Linkin Park song)

"Papercut" is the third single off of American rock band Linkin Park's first studio album "Hybrid Theory". The song was released on June 18, 2001.

The song was able to make it to #1 on the UK Rock & Metal, #18 on the Hot Rock & Alternative Songs, and #32 on the Alternative Airplay. The song was certified Gold by both the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) and the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

The song is about feeling paranoid and feeling watched. In a interview with Vulture, Mike Shinoda said about the song: "I always felt like 'Papercut' was so much of the band in one song," he explained. "It starts off with this really bouncy hip-hop beat. I was influenced by everyone from Jay-Z to Timbaland - Timbo a lot. That bounce, that beat in the beginning, it was probably part him and part the rock bands that were imitating that bounce, like ourselves. But the thing is, it starts out with this hip-hop bounce, then it immediately kicks in with a very at the time cutting-edge [version of] what you would now call a nu-metal riff. Over the top of that, if you listen, there's a jungle beat, which is a subgenre of electronic music that never hit the mainstream. And then there's the rap chorus, plus all the glitching effects on the vocal, and then you hit the end and it's a huge melodic release. I think between the sounds, emotions, and lyrics, it's very much [in the style of] first couple Linkin Park albums."

A music video for the song was released. In the video, the band plays in a room while a monster is in the next room. Walls start to stretch and morph and fireflies are released from the monster. The lyrics of the song are written on the walls of the dark room.

Break Stuff

"Break Stuff" is a 2000 song by Limp Bizkit and is the fourth and final single from their second studio album "Significant Other". It went to number 19 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart, number 28 in the Netherlands, number 41 in Australia and number 9 in Portugal.

Copernicus (movie)

Copernicus () is a 1973 Polish historical movie directed by Ewa Petelska and Czesław Petelski and starring Andrzej Kopiczyński, Barbara Wrzesińska, Czesław Wołłejko, Andrzej Antkowiak, Klaus-Peter Thiele.

Śląsk Wrocław

Śląsk Wrocław or simply Śląsk is a Polish football club from Wrocław which plays in Ekstraklasa. The club was founded in 1947. In 1977, Śląsk Wrocław won the Polish league championship for the first time. They also won the Polish Cup twice, the Polish Super Cup twice and the Ekstraklasa Cup once. Their home stadium is Stadion Wrocław.


Don't Matter

"Don't Matter" is the third single off of American singer Akon's second studio album "Konvicted". The song was released on January 19, 2007.

The song was able to make it to #1 on the "Billboard" Hot 100, #1 on the Rhythmic, #3 on the Mainstream Top 40, #4 on the Canadian Hot 100, #5 on the Hot R&B/Hip-Hop Songs, #16 on the Adult R&B Songs, #21 on the Hot Latin Songs and #29 on the Adult Top 40 charts. It was also certified Platinum and the mastertone was certified 3× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). It was nominated for "Best Rap/Sung Collaboration" at the 49th Grammy Awards but lost to "My Love" by Justin Timberlake featuring T.I..

Akon said that was inspired by the Bob Marley songs "No Woman, No Cry" and "Zimbabwe". He said that the feeling of the song is as if the listener is "in a position when you're trying to hold a relationship together but the people around you don't really want it", he also said that "the record still has a chorus that make you feel good. So I think those attributes probably stem from that subliminal standpoint".

A music video for the song was released. In the video, Akon is on a date and singing the song. Pitbull also appears in the video.

Better Days (Bruce Springsteen song)

"Better Days" is a 1992 song by Bruce Springsteen. It is the leading single from his 10th studio album "Lucky Town". It went to number 2 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart, number 4 in Italy, number 16 in the United States, number 23 in Sweden, number 25 in Ireland and number 28 in Belgium.



Rolesville, North Carolina

Rolesville is a town in Wake County, North Carolina, United States.

Priyanka KD

Priyanka KD is an Indian actress who works in Hindi, Telugu, Tamil, Malayalam and Kannada films. Priyanka Kd was born on February 2nd.

Priyanka KD is set to make her Telugu cinema debut with the film "Nithiin32," directed by Vakkantham Vamsi. In the film, she plays the role of Sampath Raj's girlfriend in the Maredumilli Forest.


Abraham X. Parker

Abraham X. Parker (14 November 1831 – 9 August 1909) was an American lawyer and politician from New York, known for his time in the New York State Assembly from 1863 to 1864, the New York State Senate from 1867 to 1871, and the United States House of Representatives from 1881 to 1889.

Parker was born in November 14, 1831, in Granville, Vermont, He studied law with Henry L. Knowles, and completed his legal education at Albany Law School, becoming a lawyer in 1854.

He practiced law in Buffalo with Eli Cook and Freeman J. Fithian before briefly working in Syracuse. In 1856, he partnered with John G. McIntyre in Potsdam.

Parker served in the New York State Assembly in 1863 and 1864, chairing the Committee on Claims and later the Committee on Commerce and Navigation. He was also Postmaster of Potsdam, a justice of the peace, and the Village of Potsdam's president.

From 1868 to 1871, he was a member of the New York State Senate, chairing the Committee on Insurance and Public Health. In 1876, he ran as a presidential elector but was not successful.

Parker served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1881 to 1889 and was appointed to the first labor investigation commission by President Grover Cleveland. He was also a delegate to the 1892 Republican National Convention and served as First Assistant Attorney General from 1890 to 1893.

After his government service, Parker returned to law practice in Potsdam and was active in civic roles, including chief engineer of the volunteer fire department and trustee of St. Lawrence Academy. He was also involved in educational institutions.

Parker died in Potsdam on 9 August 1909, and was buried at Bayside Cemetery.

In 1857, Parker married Jenny Wright, and they have childrens, Mabel, Thurlow, Jennie, Kittie, Harriet (Hattie), Alice and Bessie.



New Hormones

New Hormones was a Manchester independent record label founded by Richard Boon and Howard Devoto and Pete Shelley. It was the first independent punk rock label in the UK.


Bruno Coulais

Bruno Coulais (born 13 January 1954) is a French composer. He is best known for his music on soundtracks for movies. His works include "Coraline" (2009) and "The Chorus" (2004).

Smart 3

The Smart #3 (stylised as "smart #3") is a battery electric compact crossover SUV. It is developed and produced by Smart Automobile, a joint venture between Mercedes-Benz Group and Geely Holding. It is the second vehicle produced by the joint venture. The model is based on the Sustainable Experience Architecture (SEA) electric vehicle platform developed by Geely.

The Smart #3 debuted on April 17, 2023 at the Auto Shanghai show. The model will have its European premiere at the IAA in September 2023, with sales there to begin in early 2024.

Vik (disambiguation)

Vik can be








Pseudophilautus variabilis

The variable bubble-nest frog or variable bush frog ("Pseudophilautus variabilis") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place.

This frog is extinct. None of them are alive today. Scientists saw it in Sri Lanka in 1858, but they have never seen it again. Scientists found one adult female frog that was 35.7 mm long from nose to rear end. There was fringed skin and some webbed skin on her feet.

Scientists believe that these animals hatched out of eggs as small frogs. They believe they never swam as tadpoles.

Vossevangen

Voss or Vossevangen is the administrative centre of western Norway's Voss municipality.

The population is 6,851(as of 2022).

Jorge Vilda

Jorge Vilda Rodríguez (born 7 July 1981), is a Spanish football coach holding a UEFA Pro Licence. He served as the head coach of the Spain women's national football team from 2015 to 2023, guiding them to victory in the 2023 FIFA Women's World Cup. Additionally, he held the position of sporting director for the Spanish FA's (RFEF) women's national-team system and worked as a tactical instructor at their National Coaching School during most of this period. However, on September 5, 2023, he was dismissed from all his roles as part of the Rubiales affair.

Even Pellerud

Even Jostein Pellerud (born 15 July 1953) is a Norwegian football coach and former player. He played for clubs like Vålerenga and Kongsvinger. As a coach, he led the Norway women's national football team to silver at the 1991 Women's World Cup, made them world champions in 1995, and secured a bronze at the 1996 Olympics. He also coached Canada's women's team, achieving fourth place in the 2003 World Cup and an impressive 5th place in the 2008 Olympics.

Stjørdal

Stjørdal is a municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Stjørdal, also called Stjørdalshalsen. Other villages include Hegra, Hell, Kvithammer, Prestmoen and Skatval. In 2022, 24,287 people lived there.



Pitch invasion

A pitch invasion (known in North America as field storming or rushing the field)happens when someone or a group of people watching a sports event rush onto the playing area, often to celebrate, protest, or create a spectacle. In many cases, these actions can lead to legal consequences, including criminal charges, fines, or even imprisonment. Additionally, the club associated with the event may face penalties, especially if the invasion disrupts the game. However, there are instances where pitch invasions are accepted or even celebrated if a large number of spectators enter the field when the game is not in progress.

Vega (disambiguation)

Vega is a star in the constellation Lyra.

Vega or VEGA can be











Rana, Norway

Rana is a municipality in Nordland county, Norway. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Mo i Rana.


Vang

Vang can be

Vang is a common family name (or surname) among Hmong Americans, including


Ceintrey

Ceintrey is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeast France.

Moncorneil-Grazan

Moncorneil-Grazan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


William Shatner filmography

William Shatner (born 1931) is a Canadian actor. He has had a career in movies and television for seven decades. Shatner is best known for was his portrayal of James T. Kirk in "".


Sel

Sel or SEL can be







Oriente Province

Oriente (, "East") was the easternmost province of Cuba until 1976. The term "Oriente" is still used to refer to the eastern part of the country. The area is divided into five different provinces. 

The origins of Oriente started in the 1607 division of Cuba into a western and eastern administration. The eastern part of the country was governed from Santiago de Cuba. In 1807, Cuba was divided into three "departamentos": Occidental, Central and Oriental. This lasted until 1851. At that time, the central department was merged into the West. In 1878, Cuba was divided into six provinces. Oriente was renamed to Santiago de Cuba Province until the name was changed back to Oriente in 1905. Fidel and Raúl Castro were born in a small town in Oriente province (Birán). In 1976, the province was split into five different provinces. They are Las Tunas Province, Granma Province, Holguín Province, Santiago de Cuba Province, and Guantánamo Province. This change was made by Cuban Law Number 1304 of July 3, 1976, and remains in place to this day.

Kinn

Kinn or KINN can be




HOL

Hol or HOL can be







Joe Roth

Joseph Emanuel Roth (born June 13, 1948) is an American movie executive, producer and director. He co-founded Morgan Creek Productions in 1988. He was was chairman of 20th Century Fox (1989–1993), Caravan Pictures (1993–1994), and Walt Disney Studios (1994–2000). In 2000, he founded Revolution Studios. He founded Roth Films, now Roth/Kirschenbaum Films, in 2007.

Heim

Heim is the German, Norwegian, Icelandic and Faroese equivalent of the English word "home".

Heim can be




Gol

Gol or GOL can be



University of Turin

The University of Turin (Italian: "Università degli Studi di Torino", UNITO) is a university in Turin, Italy. The University of Turin was founded in 1404. It has about 81,200 students.


University of Porto

The University of Porto () is a public research university in Porto, Portugal. It was founded in 1911.


Subject and object (philosophy)

Philosophy makes a basic distinction between a subject and an object:


The first modern philosopher to make this distinction was René Descartes. He made a distinction between mind and matter. 

Gol, Norway

Gol is a municipality in Buskerud in Viken county, Norway. 4,667 people lived there (as of 2022).


Hol, Buskerud

Hol is a municipality in Buskerud county, Norway. In 2022, 4,504 people lived there.


Sel, Norway

Sel is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. The administrative centre is the town of Otta. In 2022, 5,531 people lived there.


Otta, Norway

Otta is a town in Sel Municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. The town is also the administrative centre of the municipality. It is named after the Otta river. In 2021, 2,283 people lived there.

Osen, Norway

Osen is a municipality in Trøndelag county, Norway. The administrative centre of the municipality is the village of Steinsdalen. In 2022, 904 people lived there.


Aure, Ardennes

Aure is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Ardennes department in northeast France.

Aure, Norway

Aure is a municipality in Nordmøre in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. In 2022, 3,384 people lived there.

It has a wooden church called Aure Church. 


Rauma, Norway

Rauma is a municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. In 2022, 7,019 people lived there.


Stranda

Stranda is a municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. In 2022, 4,467 people lived there.


Giske

Giske is a municipality in Møre og Romsdal county, Norway. In 2022, 8,597 people lived there.


Grave of the Fireflies

Grave of the Fireflies (Japanese: "火垂るの墓"; romanized: "Hotaru no Haka"; literally: Tomb of the Lampreys) is a Japanese anime film produced by Studio Ghibli in 1988. 

This anime film is considered as extraordinary work, because unlike other anime films, it contains the story of two children who suffer from starvation, while struggling to live by themselves in World War II Japan, and they both die shortly after the war ends. Because of this, the film is considered "heartbreaking". 

The director of the film is Isao Takahata. The music was composed by Michio Mamiya and Mamija Joshio. The film was based on a semi-autobiographical novel of the same name, which was first published in 1967. It was written by Nosaka Akiyuki, who wrote it to honor his sister who died from starvation during World War II, and to also cope with survivor guilt.

In 2005, a non-animated Japanese live action film of the same title and story was released.

The story is set in 1945 in Japan during the final months of World War II. Seita (aged 14) and his younger sister Setsuko (aged 4), are children who temporarily have no parents, after their mother dies in the bombing of Kobe (the children survived the bombing), while their father is out serving the Japanese Imperial Navy during the war, and knows nothing about the situation of his family back home. Because of this, Seita and Setsuko move in with their aunt who lives in the nearby city of Nishinomiya. Their aunt seems kind at first, but later treats them badly. After repeated insults, the children pack up and leave their aunt's house and move into an abandoned bomb shelter, which is located on the banks of a nearby river. Seita and Setsuko are well-fed at first but that lasts only a short while. The two fall into hunger, and after a while, the hunger turns into starvation. Meanwhile, Seita begins stealing food, for which he is assaulted by a farmer and sent to the police. The police realizes that he is stealing out of starvation and releases him from the station. Shorlty after his release, Seita continues stealing food. The war ends with the surrender of the Japanese. All of the ships serving the Japanese Imperial Navy had been sunk, and Seita and Setsuko's father is most likely dead, thus making them possible orphans. Seita is distraught upon learning of this. By the time the war ends, Setsuko is very weak and she dies shortly after the war ends. After her death, Seita buys some charcoal and cremates her body. After the cremation, Seita decides to leave the bomb shelter and become homeless. He dies in a train station all alone from starvation, as people who pass by him, ignore him and pretend they don't notice him. Upon his death, Seita's spirit reunites with his sister Setsuko's spirit.
The film ends with Seita and his sister Setsuko's spirits overlooking modern-day Kobe.

University of Malaya

The University of Malaya is a public research university in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. It is the oldest and highest ranking Malaysian institution of higher education, and was the only university in newly independent Malaya. It started in 1949, when King Edward VII College of Medicine and Raffles College joined together. The university then was partly in Singapore and partly in Kuala Lumpur. In 1962 it was split into two independent universities. 

Maxwell Jacob Friedman

Maxwell T. Friedman (born March 15, 1996) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW), where he competes under the ring name Maxwell Jacob Friedman and his initials MJF. He is the current holder of the AEW Dynamite Diamond Ring.

Friedman has also competed in Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW) and Major League Wrestling (MLW).

In AEW, he is a one-time AEW World Champion, a four-time holder of the Dynamite Diamond Ring, and the winner of the 2022 Casino Ladder Match.

On January 7, 2019, Friedman signed a five-year contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). Friedman made his AEW in-ring debut at Double or Nothing on May 25, 2019 in a pre-show Casino Battle Royale. He made it to the end before being eliminated by "Hangman" Adam Page.

On the October 2, 2019 episode of "Dynamite", Friedman ran to the ring with a chair to save his friend Cody from a beatdown by The Inner Circle. At Full Gear, Friedman turned heel after hitting Cody in the groin.

At All Out, Friedman made his return after a long time away. He wore a mask and was called "The Joker". He won the Casino Ladder match earlier in the night and showed up on the entrance ramp, took off his mask and stared down AEW Champion CM Punk. On Full Gear, Friedman defeated Jon Moxley to become the youngest AEW World Champion. He won after William Regal turned on Moxley and gave Friedman his brass knuckles, which Friedman used to hit Moxley. On the November 30 episode of "Dynamite", Friedman turned on Regal, attacking him and sending him to the hospital. Friedman also threw the Championship in the garbage before revealing his own custom Burberry check pattern AEW World Championship.

At All In: Zero Hour, Friedman teamed with Adam Cole and they defeated Aussie Open to become the ROH World Tag Team Champions.

At New Year's Smash, MJF would lose the ROH World Tag Team Championships in a 2-on-1 Handicap match to the The Devil's Masked Men. Samoa Joe was supposed to team with MJF to defend the title in place of the injured Adam Cole but he would be attacked by The Devil's Masked Men before the match. This turned out to be a fakeout and Joe would attack MJF after the match. At Worlds End, MJF would lose the title to Samoa Joe. After the match, the lights would go out and come back on. When the lights came on, a returning Adam Cole was seated in the ring with four masked men. The men would pull off their masks and reveal themselves to be The Kingdom (Matt Taven & Mike Bennet), Roderick Strong, and Wardlow. They would attack MJF after his match and Cole Would pull The Devil mask out of his jacket revealing himself to be The Devil and betraying MJF.


How Will the Wolf Survive?

How Will the Wolf Survive? is the second studio album and first major release by Los Lobos. It was released in October, 1984 through Slash Records. It was one of the best albums of the 1980s and in 2020 it was ranked #431 on the Rolling Stone's list of the 500 greatest albums of all time. It went to number 47 in the United States.


Macedonian alphabet

Macedonian alphabet () is the official alphabet of North Macedonia, it is a variation of the Cyrillic script, consisting of 31 letters. It was officially codified in 1945 and began being used in May 5, 1945. The modern Macedonian alphabet is based on the Cyrillic alphabet proposed by Krste Petkov Misirkov, and some letters were also taken from the alphabet reforms of Vuk Karadžić. 

Although Krste Petkov Misirkov used signs for the same sounds. From Vuk Karadžić's alphabet, the graphs for the letters lj, nj and j are accepted, and all other specificities are according to Misirkov's recommendations. The same letters are also present in the alphabet of Krste Petkov Misirkov, but with graphic symbols l' and n'. It is important to note that from Vuk Karadzic's alphabet, only the graphs for the letters are accepted, but not the sounds that correspond to these graphs in the same alphabet.

Attempts of creating a Macedonian alphabet have existed as far back as the 19th century, many local lingistics made several proposes on how the alphabet would work and which letters would be in it. One of the first notable people to attempt to create a proper alphabet was Macedonian lingistic Georgi Pulevski. In 1875 he published the book ""dictionary of three languages"" which was a dictionary of Albanian, Turkish and a proposed Macedonian language. The author also tried to create a alphabet for the Macedonian language, he was inspired from his native dialect. Most of the attempts of Georgi Pulevski for the creation of a alphabet werent succesful and he would eventually die in Sofia.

Another notable attempt of codification was with the monthly magazine ""Loza"" (literally translating into "The Vine") which published magazines roughly between 1892 – 1894, there attempts were quite limited and were quickly dropped.

Whatever You Say

"Whatever You Say" is a 1999 song by country singer Martina McBride and is the fifth and final single from her fourth studio album "Evolution". It went to number 37 in the United States, number 2 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 6 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart.

Road to Nowhere

"Road to Nowhere" is a 1985 song by new wave Talking Heads and is the second single from their sixth studio album "Little Creatures". It went to number 6 in the United Kingdom, Germany, Ireland and South Africa, number 5 in New Zealand and number 8 in the Netherlands. 

Yer So Bad

"Yer So Bad" is a 1990 song by Tom Petty and is the fifth and final single from his debut studio album "Full Moon Fever". It went to number 5 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and number 44 in Canada.

Angel Beats!

Angel Beats! is an anime series. It was made by Jun Maeda. It ran from April 3, 2010 until June 26, 2010. P.A. Works and Aniplex both produced it.

There were two original video animations after the show ended. "Angel Beats! Stairway to Heaven" was released on December 22, 2010 and "Angel Beats! Hell's Kitchen" was released on June 24, 2015. There was a visual novel of the anime released on June 26, 2015 called "Angel Beats! 1st Beat".

The show was popular and well liked. The awards jury for the 14th Japan America Arts Festival in 2010 chose the show as a recommended work. Episode six of the show was able to break the record for a 4.9% rating in MBS station's "Anime Shower" block. The Blu-ray discs sold very well. All seven volumes sold within the top 3 on the Oricon chart.

The series is about Yuzuru Otonashi, a boy who is sent to a high school in the afterlife and has lost his memory. He joins a group called the Afterlife Battlefront after he meets a girl named Yuri Nakamura. Nakamura tells Otonashi that the group and her fight against an unseen God and a student council president named Kanade Tachibana. After he gets hypnotized by Ayato Naik, the deputy president of the school, Otonashi begins to regain his memories. After Kanade gets demoted, Otonashi becomes friends with her. She tells him that her job is to help students move on from limbo in the afterlife and find peace. Otonashi tells her that he wants to help the rest of the Afterlife Battlefront move on. After he helps them, he tells Kanade that he loves her. Kanade says that Otonashi is the donor of her heart and helped her live longer. She then moves on.

Barjora

Barjora is a locality in the Barjora community development block, located in the Bankura Sadar subdivision of the Bankura district in the state of West Bengal, India. It is part of the Bishnupur Lok Sabha constituency and Barjora Vidhan Sabha constituency. The area covers approximately 7.25 square kilometers and has an elevation of 5 meters. As of the 2011 census, Barjora had a population of 14,012 people. The official languages spoken in Barjora are Bengali and English, and it follows Indian Standard Time (IST) with a UTC offset of +5:30.

Barjora is a large town with a large area. It stretches from the bridges of Tarasing in the north to the outskirts of Bankura in the south. Its western border is with Baguli. The eastern border is on the rivers of the 7 villages.

Aishah Akorede

Aishah Akorede (born 17 October 1999) is an Irish model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Ireland 2023. She will represent Ireland at Miss Universe 2023 in San Salvador, El Salvador.

Akorede was born in Leixlip, County Kildare, Ireland. She is of Irish and Nigerian descent. Akorede has bachelor’s and master’s degrees in law at Griffith College Dublin in Dublin. She attended Queen’s University Belfast in Belfast, Northern Ireland where she earned her master’s degree in international business law.

On August 2, 2018, Akorede competed against 28 other Miss Universe Ireland 2018 candidates at The Round Room Dublin – Conference & Events Venue in Dublin and finished in the Top 10.

On September 22, 2023, Akorede competed against nine other Miss Universe Ireland 2023 candidates at the Liberty Hall Theatre in Dublin. She won the title and wa succeeded by Katharine Walker.

On November 18, 2023, Akorede will represent Ireland at Miss Universe 2023 in San Salvador, El Salvador. 

On September 25, 2022, Akorede is 2 years younger than model plane enthusiast Martin Thompson. They won "Beauty and the Geek UK" Season 2, which premiered on Discovery.


East Side Story (Squeeze album)

East Side Story is the fourth studio album by British band Squeeze. It was released on 15 May, 1981 through A&M Records and went to number 19 in the United Kingdom and number 44 in the United States.

All tracks written by Chris Difford and Glenn Tilbrook except where noted.

Side A

Side B



Jonathan Singletary Dunham

Jonathan Dunham (17 January 1640 – 6 September 1724), known in his early life as Jonathan Singletary, was a early European-American settler of Woodbridge Township, New Jersey, who built New Jersey's first gristmill. He was an ancestor of Barack Obama.

Additive identity

An additive identity is a special number inside of a set of numbers. In order for a number to be an additive identity, it has to be able to add to any other number in the set and equal that number. In math terms, that would be written as "n+x=n", where "x" is the additive identity, and "n" is any other number in the set.

The best-known example of an additive identity is the number zero.

Sanjeev Singh

Sanjeev Singh is an Indian archer. He was born on 18 November 1965. Singh competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Chekrovolü Swüro

Chekrovolü Swüro is an Indian archer. She was born on 21 November 1982. Swüro competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Jayanta Talukdar

Jayanta Talukdar is an Indian archer. He was born on 2 March 1986. Talukdar competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Survival kit

A survival kit is a set of tools and supplies that helps a person survive in an emergency. Civil and military aircraft, lifeboats, and spacecraft are equipped with survival kits.

Usully, such kits contain tools to provide shelter against the elements, help them to keep warm, have a means to signal to rescuers and finding the way back to help. Such kits also contain food and water, for a short period of time. They also contain a first aid kit. Supplies in a survival kit normally include a knife (often a Swiss army knife or a multi-tool), matches, tinder, first aid kit, bandana, fish hooks, sewing kit, and a flashlight.

People who work in remote locations, or in those with extreme climates usually have a survival kit. Such people include forestry workers, surveyors, and bush pilots.

The American Red Cross recommends an emergency preparedness kit that is easy to carry and use in the event of an emergency or disaster.

The Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) is the United States's agency responsible for disaster planning and emergency resource management. It gives the following list for a three-day basic emergency supply kit. Similar items can also be found from other national emergency response agencies.

The suggested contents of a bug-out bag vary and can also include weapons for defense from dangerous animals or people.


Farsund

Farsund is a municipality in Agder county, Norway.

9,622 live there (as of 2022).


Lillesand

Lillesand is municipality in Agder county, Norway.

11,279 people live there (as of 2022).

I Stay Away

"I Stay Away" is a 1994 song by Alice in Chains and is the second single from their extended play "Jar of Flies". It went to number 10 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock chart and was nominated for a Grammy Award in 1995.

Sola, Norway

Sola is a municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.


Vang, Innlandet

Vang is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. It is in Valdres, a traditional district.


Øystre Slidre

Øystre Slidre is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway.

It is in the Valdres traditional district.


Vestre Slidre

Vestre Slidre is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway.

Randaberg

Randaberg is a municipality in Rogaland county, Norway.

The population is 11,454 (as of 2022). It is in the Jæren traditional district.

106 (number)

106 (one hundred [and] six) is the natural number after 105 and before 107. It is divisible by 1, 2, 53, and 106.

Waveguide

A waveguide is a structure that makes waves move in only one direction. Common types of waveguides include acoustic waveguides which direct the movement of sound and optical waveguides which direct light. Radio-frequency waveguides direct electromagnetic waves other than light. An example of these waves are radio waves that are used by RADAR systems.

Without a waveguide, waves would move in three dimensions. As they did this, they would get weaker according to the inverse square law.

There are different types of waveguides for different types of waves. The most common meaning is a hollow metal pipe used to carry high frequency radio waves. These are usually microwaves. Transparent dielectric waveguides and optical fibers are used as waveguides for light. In acoustics, air ducts and horns are used as waveguides for sound. They are used in musical instruments and loudspeakers. Metal rods with special shapes are used to conduct ultrasonic waves in ultrasonic machining.

The frequency of the wave also affects the size of a waveguide. Each waveguide has a cutoff wavelength that is determined by its size. It can not be used for waves that have a greater wavelength than its cutoff value. For example, an optical fiber that guides light can not be used for microwaves because they have a much larger wavelength. Some naturally occurring structures can also act as waveguides. The SOFAR channel layer in the ocean can guide the sound of whale song across very large distances. 
Any shape of waveguide can be used with EM waves. Commonly used waveguides are rectangular and circular in shape.

109 (number)

109 (one hundred [and] nine) is the natural number after 108 and before 110. It is also the 29th prime number.

110 (number)

110 (one hundred [and] ten) is the natural number after 109 and before 111. It is divisible by 1, 2, 5, 10, 11, 22, 55, and 110. It is also the atomic number of darmstadtium.

Krste Misirkov

Krste Petkov Misirkov (; 18 November 1874 – 26 July 1926) was a journalist, historian and poet. He helped with creating the Macedonian language and the Macedonian alphabet. Misirkov wrote the book ""On Macedonian Matters"", the magazine ""Vardar"" and a large number of scientific articles published in many newspapers. He also helped out in the translation of books and the collection of folk songs. He was a member in pro-Macedonian organizations in Belgrade, Sofia and Saint Petersburg.

A survey conducted in the Republic of Macedonia found Misirkov to be ""the most important Macedonian of the 20th century"". For his efforts to create a standard Macedonian language, he is often considered "the founder of the modern Macedonian literary language". 

Krste Misirkov was born in November 1874 in the village of Postol, in Ottoman Empire. The village is located not far from the ancient Macedonian capital Pella. He completed six grades of primary school in his hometown, listening to classes in Greek. The poor financial condition of his family did not allow him to immediately continue his education. After a break of several years, Misirkov received a diploma from the Serbian society ""Sveti Sava"". through this was more of an attempt for Serbian influence in Macedonia and the installation of various scholarships for the education of the so-called own staff, as the Greek and Bulgarian propaganda in Macedonia had already done. 

Krste Petkov Misirkov, although he finished the gymnasium, still decided to go to another high school: the Belgrade teacher's school, which he completely finished in 1895. In this school, Misirkov founded a student group and called it ""Vardar"", with its own program that the members of the group should get to know each other and work out a single program. The members of the group in a certain sense continued the idea of the so-called "Vinegrowers". For Misirkov, that was the beginning of an organized national-political activity that would continue for about 30 years.

After finishing the teacher's school, Misirkov got a job in Pristina. But instead of showing up at his workplace, Misirkov secretly moved to Odessa. Misirkov was forced to enroll in a spiritual theology in Poltava and only after two years to begin his studies: at first at the Medical Faculty in Petrodonski Sloven. Getting involved in the Petrograd student environment, Misirkov became very active. Among other things, he also wrote a brilliant report entitled On the meaning of the Moravian or Resava dialect for the contemporary and historical ethnography of the Balkan Peninsula and published some of his works on local Russian newspapers.

On his next visit to Petrograd, Misirkov became a member of a local Student Society and founded the Secret Macedonian-Odrina Committee with several like-minded people. However, Russia during the pre-revolutionary period decided to close the Petrograd University. Because of that, Misirkov had nothing else left, so he left Petrograd and moved to Odessa. 

In the same year, the Macedonian Student Fellowship was founded in the Russian capital. Misirkov himself made a significant contribution to the organization of this society. Just one year later, this scientific-literary fellowship was renamed and since then it has been operating as the Macedonian Scientific-Literary Society "Saint Kliment", around this time he tried spreading awareness on the Macedonian language in Russia.

Krste Misirkov returned in Bitola and worked on the plan for opening Macedonian schools. It was at that time that the Ilinden Uprising broke out, in which Misirkov did not personally participate. Around this time he wrote his infamous book which he gave the title "On Macedonian Matters", as well as on some manuscripts for textbooks. In order to publish his book, Misirkov went to Sofia. Part of the Belgrade press and Sofia press fiercely attacked Misirkov for that lecture he gave in the hall of the Great School.

he went to Moldovia to participate in the vote to establish a union between Bessarabia and Romania, Misirkov abstained. As an opponent of the annexation of Bessarabia to the Kingdom of Romania, that's why they expelled him from Chisinau to Odessa. He asked to receive service in Yugoslavia. His plea went unanswered. Unable to return to Russia, Misirkov fell into a crisis. IMRO considered him harmful to the crime, but after Misirkov's meeting with a representative of the Organization, it decided not to take specific steps against him. Misirkov fell seriously ill, so he ended up in the "Alexandrov Hospital" in Sofia, where he died on July 26, 1926. Misirkov was buried in the Sofia cemetery plot 89, row 17, grave 4 where the remains of Ekaterina Mihailovna-Misirkova (his wife), Sergej Misirkov and Boris Misirkov (his children) are also located.

Anna Odobescu

Anna Odobescu (born 3 November 1991) is a Moldovan-Transnistrian singer. In 2019, she was selected to represent Moldova at the Eurovision Song Contest 2019 with her song "Stay".

Her Eurovision performance consisted of her singing while sand artist Kseniya Simonova joined her on stage. Odobescu received 85 points in the semi-final but finished in 12th place, meaning she did not qualify to the grand final and was eliminated from the contest. In 2020, she appeared as herself in the movie .

Pseudophilautus frankenbergi

Frankenberg's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus frankenbergi") is a frog. It lives in the hills in the middle of Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it between 1850 and 2135 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 26.7 – 29.3 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is brown in color with red-bown spots. There is some webbed skin on its feet and spikes on the skin of its back. It has disks on its toes for climbing. The disks are yellow in color.

There are fewer of this frog than there were. This is because human beings change the places where the frog lives. Humans cut down trees to get wood to build things with and to make places to grow food and places for animals to eat grass.

Scientists named this frog after Regina Bauer Frankenberg. She sent money and made a charitable foundation to help scientists study frogs.

Elina Nechayeva

Elina Netšajeva (anglicised: Elina Nechayeva; born 10 November 1991) is an Estonian singer, soprano and theatre actress. 

In 2007, she participated in the Estonian version of "Pop Idol". She graduated from Tallinn French School in 2011 and later the Estonian Academy of Music and Theatre.

On 3 March 2018, by winning "Eesti Laul 2018," Nechayeva was selected to represent Estonia in the Eurovision Song Contest 2018 with her Italian language song "La forza". At Eurovision, she finished in 8th place out of the 26 finalists.

In 2020, Nechayeva was one of the "Eurovision stars" who appeared in the movie .




Sue Gibson

Susan Gibson is a former Canadian javelin athlete. She was Canadian champion in 1977, and 1981.

She participated at the 1983 Summer Universiade – Women's javelin throw, placing eighth.

In 2021, she was camping in Trinity Bellwoods park, when police cleared the park.

Rahim Yar Khan

Rahimyar Khan () is a city in the Punjab province of Pakistan. It is the capital of the Rahimyar Khan District.

Okara

Okara can mean:


Ocara

Ocara is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Ceará.

São João do Jaguaribe

São João do Jaguaribe is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Ceará.

Limoeiro do Norte

Limoeiro do Norte is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Ceará.

Salvador do Sul

Salvador do Sul is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Rio Grande do Sul.

Stefania

Stefania Liberakakis (born 17 December 2002), known by her first name Stefania, is a Greek singer and actress who was born in the Netherlands. She has released over 20 singles and appeared in several films and TV shows.

In 2013, Stefania was a contestant on the Dutch version of "The Voice". In 2016, she was part of the girl group Kisses, who represented the Netherlands at the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2016. The group finished 8th out of 17 entries.

In 2020, it was announced that Stefania would represent Greece at the Eurovision Song Contest 2020 with the song "Supergirl". The contest was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. For the 2021 contest, Stefania returned to represent Greece, but this time with the song "Last Dance". Her performance was notable for containing green screen effects with dancers. He finished 10th out of 26 entries.

Santiago, Rio Grande do Sul

Santiago is an Brazilian city in the state of Rio Grande do Sul. 49,360 people lived here in 2020. Its area is 2,413.13 km². It is 450 km west of Porto Alegre, the state capital.

Santa Teresa, Espírito Santo

Santa Teresa is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Espírito Santo.

Ibatiba

Ibatiba is an Brazilian municipality in the state of Espírito Santo.

Aracruz

Aracruz is an Brazilian city in the state of Espírito Santo. In 2020, 103,101 people lived there and its area is 1,423.87 km².

Ji-Paraná

Ji-Paraná is an Brazilian city in the state of Rondônia. It is the second largest city by population in the state. About 130,000 people live there and its area is 6,896.649 km².

Ariquemes

Ariquemes is an Brazilian city in the state of Rondônia. It is the third largest city by population in the state. In 2020, 109,523 people lived here and its area is 4,427 km².

Bauru

Bauru is an Brazilian city in the state of São Paulo. In 2020, 379,297 people lived here and its area is 667.68 km².

Rhinocerotoid

Rhinocerotoidea is a superfamily consisting of four families of odd-toed ungulates, three of which, the Amynodontidae, Hyracodontidae, and Paraceratheriidae, are extinct.

The only extant family is the Rhinocerotidae (true rhinoceroses), which survives as five living species.

Extinct non-rhinocerotid members of the group are sometimes considered rhinoceroses in a broad sense.

The family Paraceratheriidae contains the largest land mammals known to have ever existed.

Muhammad Ibn Muhammad Al-Fulani Al-Kishwani

Muhammad ibn Muhammad al-Fulani al-Kishnawi was an 18th-century Fulani scholar, mathematician, astrologer, Arabic grammarian, and judge from Katsina, Nigeria.

Al-Kishnawi studied at the Gobarau Minaret in Katsina before moving to Cairo, Egypt, in 1732, where he published in Arabic "A Treatise on the Magical Use of the Letters of the Alphabet," a mathematical academics manuscript of procedures for constructing magic squares up to the order 11.

Muhammad al-Kishnawi was a Fulani scholar born in Dan Rako, Katsina (now Katsina State). Dan Rako was well-known for its association with the Mali-based Wangara traders who had established a presence in the area. Muhammad Bello later destroyed the town, and it no longer exists. He was born and raised in a Muslim home and studied Islam and its holy book, the Quran. Muhamamd al-Wali al-Burnawi, a great scholar from Kanem-Bornu, Muhammad Fudi, the father of Usman dan Fodio, and Muhammad al-Bindu "Booro Binndi", who is another famous scholar from Kanem-Bornu, were among his teachers. He became popular in Hausaland and Bornu and attracted many students.

He left Katsina around 1730 for a pilgrimage to the Hijaz. He writes, "When the Deliverer of Destiny and Sempiternal Will delivered me, and the"

"Usher of Divine Mercy ushered me to visit His good Prophet, upon him be the best"

"of prayers and most devoted salutations, and to perform the pilgrimage of His holy"

"sanctified House, I stayed there for some time and grew through these prayers..."

"[and] spent of my duty to thank Him, the Gracious for variegating an areborerum"

"for me, a small utterance [shaʿrat lisānan] indeed for that greatest of graces [niʿam]"

"that He has bestowed upon me…"

Many of his works are being kept in al-Azhar Library in Cairo. Some are archived in Dar al-kutub, while others are kept documented in Morocco, Nigeria, and London. Some of these preserved works are words of encouragement to his readers: "Do not give up, for that is ignorance and not according to the rules of this art ... Like the lover, you cannot hope to achieve success without infinite perseverance"

Part of his notable works are

Highland, California

Highland is a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States. 53,104 people lived here at the 2010 census.

Ringerike (municipality)

Ringerike is a municipality in Buskerud county, Norway. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Hønefoss.

Santa Paula, California

Santa Paula is a city in Ventura County, California, United States. 30,657 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Multiple-criteria decision analysis

Multi Criteria Analysis or Multi Criteria Decision Analysis is a field of decision theory. It is about taking a decision when there are several criteria to take into account. It is often classified as a part of operations research. Conflicting criteria are typical for many situations. 

In their daily lives, people usually weigh multiple criteria implicitly and may be comfortable with the consequences of such decisions that are made based on only intuition. On the other hand, when stakes are high, it is important to properly structure the problem and explicitly evaluate multiple criteria. Suppose a decision must be taken about a nuclear power plant: should it be built, and if so, where? These issues are very complex and deciding needs to take multiple criteria into account. Many people will be affected by the decision and it's consequences.

Structuring complex problems well and considering multiple criteria explicitly leads to more informed and better decisions. There have been important advances in this field since the start of the modern multiple-criteria decision-making discipline in the early 1960s. A variety of approaches and methods, many implemented by specialized decision-making software, have been developed for their application in an array of disciplines, ranging from politics and business to the environment and energy.

Two of the earliest ones were ÉLECTRE, and PROMETHEE. ELECTRE works by assigning a weight to eacch criterion, for each option. It then vboils down to calculating a weighted sum. Promethee was developed in the 1980s, and offers more choices.

Embrithopoda

Embrithopoda ("heavy-footed") is an order of extinct mammals known from Asia, Africa and Eastern Europe.

Most of the embrithopod genera are known exclusively from jaws and teeth dated from the late Paleocene to the late Eocene; however, the order is best known from its terminal member, the elephantine Arsinoitherium.

Paenungulate

Paenungulata (from Latin paene "almost" + ungulātus "having hooves"), is a clade of "sub-ungulates", which groups three extant mammal orders: Proboscidea (including elephants), Sirenia (sea cows, including dugongs and manatees), and Hyracoidea (hyraxes).

At least two more possible orders are known only as fossils, namely Embrithopoda and Desmostylia.

Guillaume Gevart

Guillaume Gevart (born February 12, 1997) is a French filmmaker.

After obtaining his literary baccalaureate at Lycée externat des Enfants-Nantais, he studied cinema at CinéCréatis then in an art school in Nantes. Since he was a child, he has been a fan of films from the 50s to the 90s. He began his career by following internships at Disney Channel. In 2019, he produced and directed his first film entitled "Yearning Rose" with an approximate budget of 13,000 dollars, a film which has the particularity of having been filmed in 7 days. He then worked as a camera operator on the documentary "La légende de Thierry Mauvignier". His work is based on fast-movie, a cinematographic movement which consists of producing a feature film (sequence shot excluded) in less than 10 days with a low budget, prioritizing efficiency over quality. In October 2022, The film is distributed by Amazon Prime Video in USA.<br>
In 2023, he directed the medium-length film "The Venus Chained" produced by Jacob Rothschild and Dylan Besseau, in collaboration with the Mouvement du Nid on "Prime Video" distributed by Apple TV+ and Tubi. At the end of the year he produced the film "".

In 2023, his film "The Venus Chained" wins honorable mention at Student World Impact Film Festival. The same year, he was selected for the prestigious Justice Documentary Festival Paris 2023. He was the youngest director in the selection.



Vandalia, Missouri

Vandalia is a city in Audrain and Ralls counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Lamar Heights, Missouri

Lamar Heights is a village in Barton County, Missouri, United States.

Milford, Missouri

Milford is a village in Barton County, Missouri, United States.

Burgess, Missouri

Burgess is a village in Barton County, Missouri, United States.

Airport Drive, Missouri

Airport Drive is a village in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Avilla, Missouri

Avilla is a village in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Brooklyn Heights, Missouri

Brooklyn Heights is a village in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Carytown, Missouri

Carytown is a village in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Duquesne, Missouri

Duquesne is a village in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Fidelity, Missouri

Fidelity is a village in Jasper County, Missouri, United States.

Ionia, Missouri

Ionia is a village in Benton and Pettis counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Glen Allen, Missouri

Glen Allen is a village in Bollinger County, Missouri, United States.

Sedgewickville, Missouri

Sedgewickville is a village in Bollinger County, Missouri, United States.

Yucaipa, California

Yucaipa is a city in San Bernardino County, California, United States. It is east of San Bernardino. 54,542 people lived here at the 2020 census.

University of Salford

The University of Salford is a public research university in Salford. It is about 1 mile (1.6 kilometres) west of Manchester city centre. 

The Royal Technical Institute, Salford opened in 1896. It became a College of Advanced Technology in 1956 and turned into a university 1967.

It has 21,500 students and is in 160 acres (65 hectares) of parkland on the banks of the River Irwell.


Géraldine Mackie

Effie Géraldine Mackie was a female Canadian speed skater. She lived in Toronto. She was Canadian U18 speed skating champion.

She competed in all the three women's speed skating events at the 1932 Winter Olympics in Lake Placid, which were held as demonstration sport. She finished fourth in the 1500 metres event, and fifth in the 1000 metres event. She also competed in the 500 metres event but was eliminated in the heats.

During her career she competed in several other international competitions where she was successful, including at the 1929 Middle Atlantic Senior SpeedSkating Championship for Girls.

1788–89 United States presidential election

The 1788–89 United States presidential election was the first presidential election in the United States. It happened from Monday, December 15, 1788, to Saturday, January 10, 1789, under the new Constitution made official that same year. George Washington was elected with no opposition. This would be the first of two times he was elected, as he would serve two terms as president. John Adams became the first vice president. This was the only U.S. presidential election that took more than one calendar year (not counting ones that had a follow-up election). It was also the first national presidential election in America.

Under the Articles of Confederation, which were created in 1781, the United States had no head of state. The executive function of government remained with the legislative similar to countries that use a parliamentary system. Federal power, which wasn't as powerful, was only managed by the Congress of the Confederation whose "President of the United States in Congress Assembled" was also chair of the Committee of the States which existed to do a job similar to that of the modern Cabinet.

The Constitution created the offices of President and Vice President, and separated their jobs from Congress. The Constitution made an Electoral College, based on each state's number of Congressmen, where each elector would make two votes for two candidates, a process changed in 1804 by the passing of the Twelfth Amendment. States had different ways for choosing presidential electors. In five states, the state government chose electors. The other six chose electors through, in some way, having the people vote. However, only two states had the population vote directly.

Washington, who was really popular, was well known as the past Commander of the Continental Army during the American Revolution. After he agreed to come out of retirement, he was easily elected by everyone. Because the vice president used to also be elected through the electoral college, Washington didn't choose one.

No political parties existed. However, most people called themselves Federalists or Anti-Federalists. Because of this, the contest for the Vice-President was anyone's game. Thomas Jefferson predicted that a popular leader from the North like John Hancock from Massachusetts or John Adams, a past American representative to Great Britain who had represented Massachusetts in Congress, would be elected vice president. Anti-Federalist leaders such as Patrick Henry, who didn't run, and George Clinton, who didn't like the Constitution, were also choices.

The entire electoral college, which had 69 people, made one vote for Washington, making his election an unopposed win. Adams won 34 votes and became vice president. The other 35 votes went to ten different people, like John Jay, who finished third with nine. Three states couldn't be in the election: New York's state government chose their electors too late and North Carolina and Rhode Island had not recognized the constitution yet. Washington was inaugurated in New York City on April 30, 1789, 57 days after the First Congress first met.

Even though no political parties existed yet, people's opinions were a bit divided between those who had liked ratification (creation) of the Constitution, called Federalists also known as Cosmopolitans, and Anti-Federalists or Localists who either weren't sure about ratification or didn't like it at all. However, everyone supported Washington for President. Some campaining happened in divided places. For example, in Maryland, a state that let people vote, unofficial parties campaigned.

Since no political parties existed, no process to decide Federalist and Anti-Federalist candidates existed at the time, and that caused most to expect Washington to win easily. For example, Alexander Hamilton agreed with the public's opinion when he wrote a letter to Washington attempting to persuade him to leave retirement on his farm in Mount Vernon to serve as President. He wrote that "...the point of light in which you stand at home and abroad will make an infinite difference in the respectability in which the government will begin its operations in the alternative of your being or not being the head of state."

Another thing people weren't sure of was who would be the candidate for the vice presidency, which didn't have a real description except being next in line to the presidency and watching over the Senate. The Constitution said that the job would be given to the second place person in the Presidential election. Since Washington was from Virginia, the largest state, many thought electors would choose a vice president from a different state, likely in the north. In a letter written in August 1788 , U.S. Minister to France Thomas Jefferson wrote that he thought John Adams and John Hancock, both from Massachusetts, would be the top people for vice president. Jefferson recommended John Jay, John Rutledge, and a candidate from Virginia, James Madison, as other possible winners. Adams received 34 votes, one short of a majority (over half). Since the Constitution didn't require a majority in the Electoral College before the creation of the Twelfth Amendment in 1804, Adams was elected.

The popular vote count was a low single-digit percentage of the adult population. Even though all states allowed some form of popular vote, only six states allowed any form of popular vote for presidential electors. In most states only white men, and in many only those who owned property, could vote. Free black men could vote in four Northern states, and women could vote in New Jersey until 1776. In some states, there was a religious test for voting. For example, in Massachusetts and Connecticut, the Congregational Church was made, supported by taxes.
Voting was delayed a lot by bad communications and the heavy amount of work by farming. Two months passed after the election before the votes were counted and Washington was told he had been elected president. Washington took eight days to travel from Virginia to New York for the inauguration. Congress took twenty-eight days to assemble.

As the electors were selected, politics got in the way, and the process had many rumors and speculation. For example, Hamilton tried to ensure that Adams did not accidentally tie Washington in the electoral vote. Also, Federalists spread rumors that Anti-Federalists wanted to elect Richard Henry Lee or Patrick Henry president, with George Clinton as vice president. However, Clinton received only three votes.

Source: "United States Presidential Elections, 1788-1860: The Official Results" by Michael J. Dubin

Source: 
Source (popular vote): "A New Nation Votes: American Election Returns 1787–1825"

The popular vote totals used are the elector from each party with the highest votes. The vote totals of Virginia are apparently incomplete.
Sixty-nine electors voted out of a possible 91: Two electors from Maryland and two from Virginia did not vote, the New York government was divided and the state's 8 electors were not appointed (see below), and North Carolina with 7 votes and Rhode Island with 3 votes hadn't recognized the Constitution. As the Constitution before 1804 says, each elector was allowed to make two votes for president, with a majority of "the whole number of electors appointed" (the total amount of voters) needed to elect a president. Out of the 69 electors, everyone voted for Washington who became president. Of the other candidates, only Adams, Jay, and Hancock received votes from more than one state. With 34 votes, Adams finished second behind just Washington, and because of that he was elected vice president.
Source: 

Control of the New York State Legislature (government) was divided after the creation of the Constitution, and lawmakers couldn't reach an agreement to appoint (elect) electors for the presidential contest. Federalists, backed by the great landed families and the city commercial interests, were the largest faction in the Senate, the smaller of the two groups. Roughly a quarter of the state's free white male population was allowed to vote, but in the House of Representatives, with its larger membership and voting power, Anti-federalists representing the middling interests held the majority. The fight to ratify the United States Constitution was still fresh in the memories of the lawmakers, and the Anti-Federalists were not happy as they had been forced by events to accept the constitution without changes. Bills to control the selection of electors were brought up in each house and rejected by the other, leading to a sticky situation. The situation continued on January 7, 1789, the last day for electors to be chosen by the states, causing New York to fail to appoint their eight electors.

The Constitution, in Article II, Section 1, said that the state governments should decide how their Electors were chosen. Governments chose different methods:



Kenny Omega

Tyson Smith (born October 16, 1983) is an Canadian professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW), where he competes under the ring name Kenny Omega. Besides wrestling, he is also the executive vice president of AEW. He is currently out of action indefinitely after being diagnosed with diverticulitis.

Smith has also competed in New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), Ring of Honor (ROH), Impact Wrestling, and Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA). As well as competing on the independent circuit for DDT Pro-Wrestling (DDT) and Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG).

Smith has won many Championships in many different companies. In AEW, he is a one-time AEW World Champion, one-time AEW World Tag Team Champion, and two-time AEW World Trios Champion.

During his early career in DDT Pro-Wrestling, Omega was in a tag team with Kota Ibushi called the Golden☆Lovers. They would later team again in New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) and All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

During his time in New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), Omega was known by the nickname The Cleaner. He was the leader of the stable Bullet Club, a group of heel gaijin. He was kicked out of Bullet Club on the Night 2 of The New Beginning in Sapporo after he lost the IWGP United States Championship to Jay White and got hit with the Cross Rhodes by Cody Rhodes.

On February 7, 2019, Omega signed a four-year contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). Omega made his AEW in-ring debut at Double or Nothing on May 25, 2019 losing to Chris Jericho.

At Chris Jericho's Rock 'N' Wrestling Rager at Sea Part Deux: Second Wave, Omega and Adam Page won the AEW World Tag Team Championship after defeating SoCal Uncensored (Frankie Kazarian and Scorpio Sky). They would lose the titles to FTR (Cash Wheeler and Dax Harwood) at All Out.

Omega would focus on single matches afterwards. At Full Gear, he defeated his former tag parter Adam Page in the finals of a AEW World Championship number one contender tournament. He would go on to win the AEW World Championship at Winter Is Coming and turn heel after Don Callis got up from the commentary booth and distracted Jon Moxley. When Moxley turned around, Omega hit him in the head with a microphone and pinned him.

Due to AEW's working relationship with Impact Wrestling at the time, Omega would also appear on episodes of "Impact!". He would go on to defeat Rich Swann on Impact Wrestling's Rebellion pay-per-view to win the Impact World Championship. On the August 18 debut episode of "Rampage", Omega would lose the title to Christian Cage.

At Full Gear, Omega would lose the AEW World Championship to Adam Page and took time off from wrestling to heal from injuries.

On the August 17, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Omega returned to AEW and was revealed to be the third partner for The Young Bucks. The three would compete in a tournament to crown the first AEW World Trios Champions. They would win the Championships against Adam Page and The Dark Order (Alex Reynolds, and John Silver) at All Out. However, they were later suspended and stripped of them because of a real-life backstage fight that took place between Omega, the Young Bucks, CM Punk, and Ace Steel.

Omega and the Young Bucks returned from suspension on November 19, 2022 and faced Death Triangle at Full Gear but lost.

During their feud with the Blackpool Combat Club, Omega and the Young Bucks said that they would they would have a mystery partner join them for their fight at Blood & Guts. On the July 13 episode of "Dynamite", Omega and the Young Bucks revealed Kota Ibushi as their mystery parter, reuniting the Golden☆Lovers. They would go on to defeat the Blackpool Combat Club, Konosuke Takeshita, and Pac.

On August 2, 2023, Omega signed a multi-year contract extension to stay with All Elite Wrestling.

Smith is fluent in Japanese, having learned the language after spending many years living and working in Japan. He hosted a show called "Cleaner's Corner" on YouTube where he reviewed and played old video games.


Pranitha Vardhineni

Pranitha Vardhineni is an Indian archer. She was born on 17 November 1990. Vardhineni competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Riau Ega Agatha

Riau Ega Agatha Salsabila is an Indonesian archer. He was born on 25 November 1991. Ega Agatha competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics and the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Tjoeij Lin Alienilin

Tjoeij Lin Alienilin is an Indonesian archer. She was born on 25 August 1943. Lin Alienilin competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Angelo Soliman

Angelo Soliman, born Mmadi Make, was an Austrian Freemason who lived from c. 1721–1796. He became popular in Viennese society and as a Freemason. 

Soliman was most likely a member of the Kanuri ethnic group's Magumi subdivision. His given name was Mmadi Make, a name associated with a royal family in Borno State, modern Nigeria. He was taken away as a child and sent to Marseille as a slave. He was sold to a Messinan marchioness, who was in charge of his education. He chose the name 'Angelo' out of love for another servant in the household, Angelina. He chose September 11, his baptismal day, as his birthday. 

This Is It (Kenny Loggins song)

"This Is It" is a 1979 song by Kenny Loggins and is the leading single from his third studio album "Keep the Fire". It went to number 11 in the United States, number 9 in Canada, number 35 in New Zealand and number 26 in the Netherlands. It won a Grammy Award in 1981.

Here We Are (Alabama song)

"Here We Are" is a 1991 song by American country band Alabama and is the fifth and final single from their 13th studio album "Pass It On Down". It went to number 3 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks and number 2 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart. It was written by Vince Gill.

Rema (musician)

Divine Ikubor (born 1 May 2000), better known as Rema, is a Nigerian rapper, singer and songwriter.

Rema was born in Benin City, Nigeria, in 2000.

He started making music at a young age. He began releasing music online when he was just 18 years old. His first song, "Iron Man", was release in 2020. Rema got global recognition In 2022 when make a remix of his song "Calm Down" which make him to the billboard 100 and earned him a billion streams on Spotify.

Irmgard Sames

Irmgard Sames (23 July 1914 – unknown) was a German long track speed skater. She represented her nation at the third (non-ISU) Women's World Allround Speed Skating Championships in 1935, finishing 8th.

Sames won the gold medal at the 1935 German Allround Championships. She competed in the allround championships years, in 1952 finishing 10th.

She set a total of 7 national records. Sames was part of the "Berliner Schlittschuhclub von 1893" (BSC) in 1952.

Thomas Peters (revolutionary)

Thomas Peters, born Thomas Potters (1738–25th June 1792), was a Black Pioneers warrior who fought for the British in the American Revolutionary War. He was a Black Loyalist who was resettled in Nova Scotia, where he became a politician and one of the "founding fathers" of the West African nation of Sierra Leone. Peters was one of a group of notable and influential black Canadians who lobbied the Crown to fulfil its commitment to land concessions in Nova Scotia. Later, in the late eighteenth century, they recruited African-American residents in Nova Scotia for the colonization of Sierra Leone.

Thomas Peters was born in West Africa into a wealthy family in Egba group of Yoruba tribe in Nigeria. 

According to the Dictionary of Canadian Biography:
Legend has given Thomas Peters a noble birth in West Africa, whence he was supposedly kidnapped as a young man and brought as a slave to the American colonies. The earliest documentary evidence places him in 1776 as the 38-year-old slave of William Campbell in Wilmington, North Carolina. In that year, encouraged by the proclamation issued by Governor Lord Dunmore of Virginia in 1775 promising freedom to rebel-owned slaves who joined the loyalist forces, Peters fled Campbell’s plantation and enlisted in the Black Pioneers in New York. In 1779, in response to a new invitation to rebel-owned slaves to place themselves under British protection whether they wished to bear arms for the crown or not, a 26-year-old woman named Sally from Charleston, South Carolina, appeared in a British camp, and she too joined the Black Pioneers. In that service she met Peters, who by 1779 had been promoted sergeant, and they were married.
Thomas Peters was taken by slave traders at age twenty-seven as a slave to French Louisiana on the Henri Quatre in the year 1760. Thomas was sold to a French planter upon his arrival in North America, most likely in New Orleans. At some points, Peters attempted three escapes before being sold to an English or Scotsman in one of the southern colonies, called William Campbell. Campbell was most likely an immigrant Scotsman who settled on the Cape Fear River in Wilmington, North Carolina.

The Red Tour

The Red Tour was American singer Taylor Swift's third concert tour. It was made for her album "Red" from 2012. It started on March 13, 2012 in Omaha, United States. It ended on June 12, 2014 in Singapore. 1.7 million people went to the tour.

This is the usual set list she performed. Most of the tour was similar, but sometimes she changes the setlist. All changes are listed below, and so are the surprise songs.




At some of the concerts, Taylor Swift sang a secret surprise song that was not on the set list.
Sometimes, Taylor Swift invited a guest to sing with her on stage. Here is the list of people who sang with her and the name of the song they sang together.
Taylor Swift was also supposed to do a Red Tour concert in Thailand. Because of a coup d'état that happened to the government a few weeks before, the concert did not happen. She did a concert in Singapore on the same day instead.

Lebogang Setereke

Lebogang Setereke (born 3 November 1990) is a Botswana footballer. She is a member of the Botswana national team. She plays as a Midfielder.

She competed at the 2016 Africa Women Cup Of Nations. and 2018 COSAFA Women’s Championship.

At the club level she played for Township Rollers FC, and Auckland Queens.

Jason Mewes

Jason Edward Mewes (born June 12, 1974) is an American actor. He is also a comedian, movie producer and podcaster. He is best known for playing Jay, the half of the duo Jay and Silent Bob who talks. He plays this role in many of his longtime friend Kevin Smith's movies.

Mewes began his movie career in Smith's 1994 movie "Clerks" as Jay. The movie was a success. It caused Mewes to become identified with the role. He also played Jay in "Mallrats" (1995), "Chasing Amy" (1997), "Dogma" (1999), "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back" (2001) and "Clerks II" (2006). He also supplied Jay's voice in "". He also was in the movies "Scream 3" (2000) and "Bottoms Up" (2006). Mewes and Smith appeared on the Canadian television series "". They were in two episodes of a three-part story about Smith's View Askew films titled "Jay and Silent Bob Go Canadian, Eh?" a

In 1998, he starred as "Gary Lamb – Ground Activist" in a series of Nike commercials directed by Smith. From 2010 to 2012, Mewes was cast as "Jimmy the Janitor" for 26 episodes of the Canadian television series "Todd and the Book of Pure Evil".

Mewes starred in the horror movie "Breath of Hate" (2015). Mewes co-starred in Smith's 2008 movie "Zack and Miri Make a Porno". He is in a scene near the end of the movie where he is fully nude.

Mewes co-hosts a weekly podcast with Smith. It is called "Jay & Silent Bob Get Old". On the podcast, Mewes talks about his former drug addiction problems.

Mewes co-produced the 2013 animated movie "Jay & Silent Bob's Super Groovy Cartoon Movie" with his wife Jordan Monsanto. The movie is based on the "Bluntman and Chronic" comic book that Smith wrote for 2001's "Jay and Silent Bob Strike Back".

Mewes starred in episode 3 of the sixth season of "Hawaii Five-0" as Eddie Brooks.


Pseudophilautus femoralis

The southwestern bubble-nest frog, plain green bush frog, green bush frog, leaf-nesting shrub frog, or round-snout pygmy tree frog ("Pseudophilautus femoralis") is a frog. It lives in the hills in the middle of Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it between 1600 and 2135 meters above sea level.

Ah Ah Ah (song)

Ah Ah Ah is a song by American rapper DreamDoll and singer Fivio Foreign. The song was released July 10, 2020.

The song is about DreamDoll working in The Bronx.

Magazine "LA Weekly" thought her singing style was good.

The song ranked number 23 on the Billboard Sales chart for two weeks.

Kelvin Krash

Kelvin Krash is a British music producer.

He is from Willesden in North West London.

He created music for ASAP Rocky featuring Playboi Carti and Smooky Margielaa. He worked with Swedish House Mafia. He released songs on his own.

He later released song called “Promise You’ll Wait”. He said this song talks about the start of his journey.



Judy Pancoast

Judy Pancoast is an American singer and songwriter of children's music.

She is from Maine and went to college and preformed for children. She was inspired by The Carpenters

She created a song with Kasey Lansdale.

She released "Swimming in Jello" in 2003.

In 2011 she was nominated for a Grammy Awards for Best Children's Album.




Bob Kaliban

Robert Dean “Bob” Kaliban was an American actor and singer. He was the president of SAG-AFTRA and did commercial work.


Primal Kitchen

Primal Kitchen is a food brand that makes sauces and ingredients. It is owned by food company, Kraft since 2018.

Natural Born Hippies

Natural Born Hippies is a rock music band.

Albums


Songs



Nikitin Dheer

Nikitin Dheer is an Indian actor who works in Hindi and Telugu language films, and television shows. He was a contestant on Fear Factor: Khatron Ke Khiladi 5.

Dheer made his acting debut in 2008 with Ashutosh Gowariker's historical drama "Jodhaa Akbar", in which he starred alongside Hrithik Roshan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan, as Sharifuddin Hussain, Akbar's brother-in-law. Although the film received critical acclaim and box office success, Dheer received praise for his role, with noted critic Taran Adarsh of Bollywood Hungama calling it "fantastic". The same year he starred alongside Vivek Oberoi, Shriya Saran and Zayed Khan in Apoorva Lakhia's action thriller "Mission Istanbul."

In 2011, Dheer appeared in the comedy "Ready" directed by Anees Bazmee, alongside Salman Khan and Asin. The following year, she had a supporting role in "the" action film Arbaaz Khan Dabangg 2 alongside Salman Khan, Sonakshi Sinha and Prakash Raj. In 2013, she appeared as the main antagonist in the action comedy Rohit Shetty "Chennai Express" alongside Shahrukh Khan and Deepika Padukone. For his role as Tangaballi, a besieged Tamil criminal, Dheer was asked to gain more muscle and use his loghat. His physics in the film was received favourably; Mohar Basu stated that Dheer was "strong" even though "almost did not have enough role to play". 

Dheer is Punjabi and is the son of actor Pankaj Dheer. He married Kratika Sengar on September 3, 2014, in an arranged marriage. The couple has a daughter. 

AEW World Championship

The AEW World Championship is a professional wrestling championship in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It is the top men's championship and the most important championship in AEW. 

It is not a heavyweight championship because AEW doesn't have weight divisions.

The title was introduced by Bret Hart in a segment at Double or Nothing on May 29, 2022.

The first champion was Chris Jericho. Jericho defeated Adam Page in the main event of All Out.

During CM Punk's first reign as champion, he got injured and wanted to drop the championship. AEW president Tony Khan said that Punk would keep the championship but a new interim champion would be crowned after a tournament. The interim champion would then face Punk after he returned from injury to see who would become the undisputed champion. Jon Moxley defeated Hiroshi Tanahashi at Forbidden Door. Punk would return and lose to Moxley.

During his second reign, Punk had his title stripped from him and was suspended. This was because he had gotten into a real-life backstage fight with AEW's executive vice presidents. After a tournament, Moxley defeated Bryan Danielson at AEW Grand Slam to win the championship for a third time.

Samoa Joe is the current champion. He is in his first reign as champion. He defeated MJF at Worlds End.


Corythomantis botoque

Corythomantis botoque is a frog. It lives in rainforests in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in the Espinhaço mountains between 315 and 940 meters above sea level.

Libby Mettam

Elizabeth Mettam (; born 3 May 1977) is an Australian politician. She has been the leader of the Western Australian Liberal Party since 2023. From 2021 until 2023, she was also the party's deputy leader.

Mettam has represented the seat of Vasse in the Western Australian Legislative Assembly since 2014. At the 2021 state election, she was one of only two Liberals to win a seat. The other was David Honey. 

Bahadır Yenişehirlioğlu

Bahadır Nahit Yenişehirlioğlu (born January 18, 1962, Manisa) is a Turkish actor, politician, lawyer and writer. He is a member of the Manisa parliament in the 28th term. Yenişehirlioğlu is a member of the Justice and Development Party (AK Parti).

He mostly writes novesl. He is also a lawyer; He graduated from Dokuz Eylül University, Faculty of Law. He gained fame as an actorwith the character Tahsin Pasha. He played the character for 5 seasons on the television series "Payitaht Abdülhamid" between 2017 and 2021. Yenişehirlioğlu plays the character of Derviş on the series "Barbaroslar: Sword of the Mediterranean" between 2021 and 2022.

He became the Manisa parliamentary candidate from the AK Party in the 2023 Turkish general election and was elected.


Bahadır Yenişehirlioğlu is married and has two children.

AEW Women's World Championship

The AEW Women's World Championship is a professional wrestling championship in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It is the top women's championship in AEW. 

The title was introduced by Brandi Rhodes in a segment at All Out on August 31, 2019.

The first champion was Riho. Riho defeated Nyla Rose in the main event on the October 2 debut episode of "Dynamite".

During Thunder Rosa's first reign as champion, she got injured. AEW president Tony Khan said that Rosa would keep the championship but a new interim champion would be crowned. The interim champion would then face Rosa after she returned from injury to see who would become the undisputed champion. Toni Storm defeated Dr. Britt Baker, D.M.D., Jamie Hayter, and Hikaru Shida in a four-way match at All Out. Storm would lose the interim championship to Jamie Hayter at Full Gear. Hayter became the official champion when Thunder Rosa gave the original championship up. This made Hayter's interim reign official.

"Timeless" Toni Storm is the current champion. She is in her record-tying third reign as champion. She defeated Hikaru Shida at Full Gear.


Call Off the Search (song)

"Call Off the Search" is a 2004 by Georgian British singer Katie Melua and is the title track from her debut studio album "Call Off the Search". It went to number 19 in the United Kingdom, number 27 in Ireland and number 20 in Scotland.

Version one

Version two

Young Years

"Young Years" is a 1989 song by New Zealand group Dragon. It was taken from their ninth studio album "Bondi Road". It went to number 18 in Australia and number 13 in New Zealand and became popular after Marc Hunter's death in 1998.


Diananda Choirunisa

Diananda Choirunisa is an Indonesian archer. She was born on 16 March 1997. Choirunisa competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Hamdiah Damanhuri

Hamdiah Damanhuri is an Indonesian archer. She was born on 16 November 1973. Damanhuri competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics and the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Lilies Handayani

Lilies Handayani is an Indonesian archer. She was born on 15 April 1965. Handayani competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Nath (TV series)

Nath (transl. 'nose ring') is an Indian romantic drama television series. It premiered 23 August 2021, and it was aired on Dangal under Story Square Production.

Gauri's husband; Mahua's murderer; 
Jeet's uncle (2023–Present)

Franz Oberacher

Franz Oberacher (born 24 March 1954 in Natters) is a former Austrian football player. In Austria he played as striker mainly for SSW Innsbruck and Austria Klagenfurt. He also played for the Austria national football team.
Oberacher began his football career at WSG Swarowski Wattens, which was merged with Wacker Innsbruck to form SSW Innsbruck. With Innsbruck he became Austrian champion in 1975 and 1977. In 1975, 1978 and 1979 he won the ÖFB Cup with Innsbruck. He played 147 league games for Innsbruck between 1973 and 1979. In 1979 he moved to Germany to 1. FC Nürnberg in the 2.Bundesliga. For the club he made 31 appearances and 12 goals in the 2nd Bundesliga and 25 appearances and after promotion 9 goals in the 1.Bundesliga. In total he scored 21 goals in 56 games.

In 1981 he went to AZ Alkmaar in the Netherlands, where he scored 5 goals in 26 games in the Eredivisie. With Alkmaar he also became Dutch champion in 1982. In his second season in Alkmaar he was hardly used. So he returned to Austria in the 1982–83 season and played for Austria Klagenfurt. For the Carinthians he scored 21 goals in 102 games over 5 seasons. In 1987 he went to his hometown club SV Natters, for whom he played for one season. In the 1988–89 season he signed to Rapid Lienz in the Carinthian regional league, and in the 1989–90 season he played for SV Axams.
He played 8 international matches for the Austria national football team. He made his debut on 28 April 28 in a 1-0 win in Vienna against the Sweden national team. On 30 January 1979 he scored the winning goal in a 1-0 win in Tel Aviv in a friendly against Israel.This was his only goal for the national team. He played his last international match on 17 April 1985 in the 3-0 defeat in the World Cup qualifier against the Hungarian national football team in Vienna.

AEW World Tag Team Championship

The AEW World Tag Team Championship is a professional wrestling championship in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It is the top tag team championship in AEW. 

The title was introduced on June 18, 2019. It was announced that there would be a tournament held to crown the first champions.

The first champions were SoCal Uncensored (Frankie Kazarian and Scorpio Sky). They defeated The Lucha Brothers (Pentagón Jr. and Rey Fénix) at the end of a tournament on the October 30 episode of "Dynamite".

Currently the championship is vacant since the most recent champions, Sting and Darby Allin, disbanded as a team following Sting's retirement at Revolution (2024).


Humans Being

"Humans Being" is a 1996 song by Van Halen. It was taken from their greatest hits album "Best Of – Volume I" and was used in the 1996 movie "Twister". It went to number 1 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock Tracks chart and was released in Japan.

AEW TBS Championship

The AEW TBS Championship is a professional wrestling championship in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It is the women's television championship and the secondary women's championship in AEW. 

"Dynamite" moved to TBS on January 5, 2022. Even though the show moved to TBS from TNT, Cody Rhodes announced that the TNT Championship wouldn't be renamed. AEW instead announced that a new championship called the AEW TBS Championship would be created.

On the October 6, 2021 episode of "Dynamite", commentator Tony Schiavone and referee Aubrey Edwards unveiled during a segment.

The first champion was Jade Cargill. Cargill defeated Ruby Soho in the finals of a tournament on the January 5, 2022 episode of "Dynamite".

Julia Hart is the current champion. She is in her first reign as champion. She defeated Kris Statlander and Skye Blue, who she pinned, in a three-way match at Full Gear.


AEW TNT Championship

The AEW TNT Championship is a professional wrestling championship in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It is the men's television championship and the secondary men's championship in AEW.

On the March 30, 2020 episode of AEW's YouTube show "Road to Dynamite", the championship was officially announced.

The first champion was Cody. Cody defeated Lance Archer in the finals of a tournament at "Double or Nothing". Cody was awarded the championship by boxer Mike Tyson after his win. During Cody's second reign, he was able to regain the trademark for the Rhodes name so his ring name was changed to Cody Rhodes.

The original version of the TNT Championship had a red strap. The red strap version was retired on December 30, 2020 after Mr. Brodie Lee died. During the tribute show, AEW owner Tony Khan gave the red version was given to Huber's son, Brodie Lee Jr. and named him the "TNT Champion for life".

"Dynamite" moved to TBS on January 5, 2022. Even though the show moved to TBS from TNT, Cody Rhodes announced that the TNT Championship wouldn't be renamed. AEW instead announced that a new championship called the AEW TBS Championship would be created for the women.

The new version was introduced on the January 6, 2021 "New Year's Smash" episode of "Dynamite". The current version has a black strap on the championship.

During Rhodes' third reign as champion, he had to be pulled from his rematch with Sammy Guevara because his family had COVID-19 and he had to quarantine. AEW president Tony Khan said that Rhodes would keep the championship but a new interim champion would be crowned at Battle of the Belts. The interim champion would then face Rhodes after he returned from quarantine to see who would become the undisputed champion. Guevara defeated Cody's brother Dustin Rhodes at Battle of the Belts. Rhodes would return and lose to Guevara in a ladder match at Beach Break.

Christian Cage is the current champion. He is in his first reign as champion. He defeated Luchasaurus and Darby Allin in a three-way match on the September 23 episode of "Collision".

As of 31, 2024. 

Muhammed Bello

Muhammadu Bello was the second Sultan of Sokoto, he ruled from 1817 to 1837. He also published a lot of historical, poetic, and Islamic studies writing. He was the son and personal aid of Usman dan Fodio the first Sultan and creator of the Sokoto Caliphate. During the reign of Muhammadu Bello, he encouraged the spread of Islam throughout the region, increasing education for both men and women and the establishment of Islamic courts. He died on October 25, 1837, and was succeeded by his brother Abu Bakr Atiku, and then his son, Aliyu Babba.

AEW International Championship

The AEW International Championship is a professional wrestling championship in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It is a secondary championship in the men's division of AEW. The championship is allowed to be fought for in other wrestling companies.

The title was introduced as the AEW All-Atlantic Championship on the June 8, 2022 episode of "Dynamite" by commentator Tony Schiavone. He said that it represents the AEW fans watching in over 130 countries. He also revealed there would be a tournament to become the first champion.
The first champion was Pac. He defeated Clark Connors, Miro, and Malakai Black in a four-way match at Forbidden Door.

AEW changed the name to AEW International Championship on March 15, 2023. They said this was a new championship and said that then-champion Orange Cassidy was the final All-Atlantic Champion and the first International Champion. They would later changed this and said that Cassidy's reign was the same reign for both names. 

The current champion is Roderick Strong, who is in his first reign. He won the title by defeating Orange Cassidy at Revolution on March 3, 2024.


Policy of Truth

"Policy of Truth" is a 1990 song by British band Depeche Mode and is the third single from their seventh studio album "Violator". It went to number 16 in the United Kingdom, number 15 in the United States, number 11 in Ireland, number 14 in Canada, number 5 in Italy and Finland, number 12 in Switzerland and number 7 in Spain and Germany.

All songs were written by Martin L. Gore.
UK 7-inch and cassette single

UK 12-inch single

UK limited-edition 12-inch single

UK CD single

UK limited-edition CD single

US 12-inch single

US maxi-CD single

US maxi-cassette single

Japanese CD EP

AEW World Trios Championship

The AEW World Trios Championship is a professional wrestling championship in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It is defended in tag teams of three people. 

The title was introduced on July 27, 2022. It was announced that there would be a tournament held to crown the first champions.

The first champions were The Elite (Kenny Omega, Matt Jackson, and Nick Jackson). They defeated "Hangman" Adam Page and The Dark Order (Alex Reynolds and John Silver) at "All Out".

Shortly after they won, The Elite had their titles stripped from them and they were suspended. This was because they had gotten into a real-life backstage fight with AEW World Champion CM Punk. Punk was also suspended and had his championship stripped. On the September 7 episode of "Dynamite", a six-man tag team match was held for the vacant championships. Death Triangle (Pac, Penta El Zero M, and Rey Fénix) defeated Best Friends (Chuck Taylor, Trent Beretta, and Orange Cassidy) to become the new champions.

Billy Gunn and The Acclaimed (Max Caster and Anthony Bowens) are the current champions. They are all in their first reign as champions. They defeated The House of Black (Malakai Black, Brody King, and Buddy Matthews) in a House Rules No Holds Barred match at All In.


FN FNC

The FN FNC ( French: "Fabrique Nationale Carabine)" is a selective fire assault rifle, used as a low cost alternative to the M16 rifle, it was put through NATO trials but was not used since it was very rushed, it did replace the FN 2000 bullpup assault rifle, it was based off the FNC 76, a prototype rifle FN had.

Murda Muzik

Murda Muzik is Mobb Deep's fourth studio album released in 1999 to great critical acclaim. It contains major features ranging from the likes of Kool G Rap, Raekwon, Nas and Lil Kim. The most commercially successful single of the album is Quiet Storm.

Collectible card game

A collectible card game (CCG), or a trading card game (TCG), is a game where the players play by collecting cards that will build their deck to play against other players. It is different from the normal 52-card playing card pack because each player's deck is unique, which means that no two players' decks are the same.

The first CCG of this kind was "Magic: The Gathering", which first came out in 1993. Other examples include the "Pokémon Trading Card Game" and "Yu-Gi-Oh!".

Regulatory T cell

Regulatory T cell or Treg for short are a type of T cell that regulates the immune system to prevent autoimmunity when an activated white blood cell overreacts or goes out of control regulatory t cells signals the aggressive immune cell to calm down and forces it to deactivate it thus keeping the healthy tissues safe from an autoimmune disease

Romance movie

Romance movies are a genre of movies that involve romantic love stories. They are recorded in visual media for broadcast in theatres or on television. These movies focus on passion, emotion and the romantic involvement of the main characters. The story is normally about such things as dating, courtship or marriage. These main focus of the plot of these movies is the search for romantic love. There movies can also include problems for the characters to overcome. These can include problems with finances, physical illness, discrimination, psychological issues or family resistance. As in all romantic relationships, the problems of day-to-day life, temptations (of infidelity), and personal differences are often parts of the plots of romantic movies.

Romantic movies often deal with many different types of love. These include love at first sight, young love, unrequited love, obsession, spiritual love, forbidden love and tragic love. For many people. romantic movies are escapes and fantasies. This is often the case if the two leads overcome their difficulties, fall in love and "happily ever after". In romantic television series, the development of such relationships may happen over many episodes or even seasons.

Screenwriter Eric R. Williams list Romance Movies as one of eleven super-genres in his screenwriters' taxonomy. He says that all feature length narrative movies can be classified by these super-genres. The other ten super-genres are action, crime, fantasy, horror, science fiction, comedy, sports, thriller, war and western.

Chick flick is a term used for romance movird targeted to a female audience. Movies of this genre include "Gilda", "The Red Shoes", "Sense and Sensibility", "Gentlemen Prefer Blondes", "Dirty Dancing", "The Notebook", "Dear John", ", Thelma & Louise, Fifty Shades of Grey", "Sleepless in Seattle","You've Got Mail" and" Romeo + Juliet."

These are also known as epic romances. They are a romantic story with a historical period setting, They often include war, revolution or tragedy. This includes movies such as "Gone with the Wind", "Doctor Zhivago", , "Titanic", "A Very Long Engagement", and "Cold War".

Paranormal romance is a popular genre of movie which features romantic relationships between humans and supernatural creatures. Popular tropes include vampirism, time travel and ghosts – things that cannot be explained by science. Examples of these movies include movies based on the Twilight Saga, "The Exterminating Angel", "Warm Bodies", "Vampire Academy and" "I Am Dragon."
Romantic action is a movie that blend romance and action. Examples include "The Hunger Games", "The Adventures of Robin Hood", "The Best Years of Our Lives", , "The Quiet Man", "Mr. & Mrs. Smith and" "Knight and Day".

Romantic comedies are a very common subgenre of romantic movies. They are also called rom-coms. These movies are a mix of romance and comedy. They usually have light-hearted, humorous plotlines, Rom-coms are often about romantic ideals such as that true love is able to overcome all obstacles. Movies in this genre include , "A Night at the Opera", "It Happened One Night", "His Girl Friday", "Roman Holiday", "Lost In Translation", "To All the Boys I've Loved Before", "Four Weddings and a Funeral", "Dave", "Say Anything...", "Moonstruck", "Something's Gotta Give", "When Harry Met Sally...", "Annie Hall and" "The Apartment".

Romantic dramas are often about something that prevents true love between two people. The end of a romantic drama typically does not show if a romantic union occurs. 

Some examples of romantic drama movies are "Casablanca", "Pride & Prejudice", "Sommersby", "The Bridges of Madison County", "The English Patient", "Shakespeare in Love", and "An Officer and a Gentleman". 

Same-sex romantic dramas that deal with LGBT issues include "Brokeback Mountain", "Blue is the Warmest Colour", "Moonlight", and "Call Me by Your Name".

Romantic fantasies tell fantasy stories using many of the elements of the romance genre. Some examples include "The Lady Eve", "Singin' in the Rain", "Groundhog Day", "Enchanted", "Beauty and the Beast", "Eternal Sunshine of the Spotless Mind", "Midnight in Paris" and "The Shape of Water."

Romantic musical (alternatively musical romance) is a genre that combines romance and musicals. They have romantic relationships and whose story is told with song and dance. This genre began on Broadway. It later moved to cinema because of to the popularity of the Rodgers and Hammerstein productions. 

Some examples include "West Side Story" and its 2021 remake, "Grease", "High School Musical", "Across the Universe", "Moulin Rouge!" and "La La Land".

Romantic thriller is a genre of movie that combines the romance movie with and the thriller genre. Some examples of romantic thriller movies are "Vertigo", "The Crying Game", , "Unfaithful", "The Phantom of the Opera" and "The Adjustment Bureau". 



Lockoneco

Lockoneco is an Indonesian archer. He was born on 19 March 1978. Lockoneco competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Safruddin Mawi

Safruddin Mawi is an Indonesian archer. He was born on 13 June 1964. Mawi competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Donald Pandiangan

Donald Pandiangan was an Indonesian archer. He was born on 12 December 1945 and died on 20 August 2008. Pandiangan competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and 1984 Summer Olympics.

Arif Dwi Pangestu

Arif Dwi Pangestu is an Indonesian archer. He was born on 25 March 2004. Dwi Pangestu competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Dancing the Night Away (Tanya Tucker song)

"Dancing the Night Away" is a 1977 song by country singer Tanya Tucker and is the third single from her seventh studio album "Ridin' Rainbows". It went to number 16 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 19 on the Canadian RPM Country Singles charts. It has been covered by Leo Sayer and Crystal Gayle.


List of Chinese dissidents

This is a list of people, sorted by their date of birth, who are considered as troublemakers by the People's Republic of China.


Stuck in a Moment You Can't Get Out Of

"Stuck in a Moment You Can't Get Out Of" is a 2001 song by Irish rock group U2. It is the second track and second single from their 10th studio album "All That You Can't Leave Behind" and won a Grammy Award in 2002. It went to number 2 in the United Kingdom, Scotland, Spain and Portugal, number 3 in Australia, number 17 in New Zealand, number 12 in the Netherlands and number 1 in Italy, Ireland and Canada.

Note
Note
Note
Note
Note

FTW Championship

The FTW ("Fuck the World") Championship is a professional wrestling championship. It is currently being fought for in in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). It was first fought for in Extreme Championship Wrestling (ECW).

It is viewed as an unsanctioned championship.
The title was introduced by Taz at "It Ain't "Seinfeld"" on May 14, 1998. Taz was feuding with ECW World Heavyweight Champion Shane Douglas but Douglas got injured and Taz couldn't challenge for the title. During the event, Taz went to the ring and cut a promo. He said that he was the uncrowned ECW World Heavyweight Champion, unveiled the ECW FTW Heavyweight Championship, and challenged Douglas to a title vs title match.

Sabu won the championship by defeating Taz on December 19, 1998. Taz threw the match on purpose. Taz felt like he didn't need the championship anymore because Douglas was back. He had the ref count after dragging a knocked out Sabu on top of him. After Taz won the ECW World Heavyweight Championship, he faced Sabu again at Living Dangerously. He won the FTW Championship back in a title vs title match and retired the championship.

While he was in All Elite Wrestling, Taz reintroduced the FTW Championship during Night 2 of Fyter Fest. He gave the championship to Brian Cage, who he managing at the time. He gave him the championship because his opponent Jon Moxley had to quarantine due to his wife Renee Paquette having COVID-19.

Hook is the current champion. He is in his second reign as champion. He defeated Jack Perry in an FTW Rules match at All In: Zero Hour.


Pseudophilautus reticulatus

The southwestern bubble-nest frog, plain green bush frog, green bush frog, leaf-nesting shrub frog, or round-snout pygmy tree frog ("Pseudophilautus reticulatus") is a frog. It lives in rainforests in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it between 30 and 90 meters above sea level.

Solomon Islands women's national football team

The Solomon Islands women's national football team represents the Solomon Islands in international women's football.


Vanuatu women's national football team

The Vanuatu women's national football () represents Vanuatu in international women's football.


Church of Bangladesh

The Church of Bangladesh is one of the oldest and most traditional Anglican Churches in Bangladesh. The history of the plantation of this church is quite old. The Anglican Church or Protestant Church originated in Bengal from the time of British rule in the Indian subcontinent. Since the Anglican Church in England is called the ‘Church of England’, the Anglican Church in undivided India was known as the ‘Church of India’ and in Pakistan as the ‘Church of Pakistan’.

Bangladesh became independent in 1971 after 9 months of a long and bloody liberation war and naturally the name of the East Bengal Church was changed to ‘Church of Bangladesh’. The Church validated the Cathedral as St. Thomas’ Church of Bangladesh under Dhaka Diocese which is located at 54 Johnson Road in Old Dhaka. This is the centre and tradition of the Anglican Congregation in Bangladesh with a unique determination in its pride. The Most Reverend Samuel Sunil Mankhin, the present Bishop of Dhaka Diocese is the Moderator (Archbishop) of the Church of Bangladesh, lives here.

The Church of Bangladesh currently has three dioceses – Dhaka Archdiocese: Archbishop Samuel Sunil Mankhin, Kushtia Diocese; Bishop Hemen Halder, and Barisal Diocese; Bishop Shourabh Pholia. There are a total of 8 deaneries and 115 parishes under the three dioceses. The population is about 22,000. Membership is diverse, including many different cultures. About half of the total members are from the Garo, Santal, Marma and Chakma ethnic groups of Bangladesh.

The Church of Bangladesh came into being as the outcome of the separation of East Bengal province from Pakistan. This started as a movement which focused on language and took shape through the liberation war in 1971, which created an independent Bangladesh. The Synod of the Church of Pakistan on 30 April 1974 declared and endorsed a free and independent status for the Church of Bangladesh. The Church of Bangladesh brings together the Anglican and English Presbyterian Churches.

Following the creation of the Church of Bangladesh, efforts were made to increase local leadership. B. D. Mondal was consecrated as the first national bishop of Dhaka Diocese in 1975. He tried to follow the path of Bishop Blair, by encouraging the active participation of lay leaders from all sections of the church congregations. After the creation of the synod, B. D. Mondal became the first moderator of the Church of Bangladesh and Michael S. Baroi the deputy moderator. At the time of B. D. Mondal's retirement, a new bishop was elected, and Paul Sarker, in January 2003, became the third national bishop of the Church of Bangladesh. Although the title is not employed in this United Protestant denomination, since the acknowledgement of the Archbishop of Dhaka as a primate within the Anglican Communion, he has been entitled to the usual archiepiscopal prefix "the Most Reverend".[3] The current Primate and Archbishop of Church of Bangladesh is Samuel Mankhin, enthroned on 5 December 2018.

Bernabas Dejen Mondal (deceased)

Psychedelic trance

Psychedelic trance or psytrance, is a subgenre of trance music characterized by special types of rhythms and several surfaces of melodies and high tempo riffs. The musical style offers variety in terms of mood, tempo, and style. 

Goa trance came before psytrance; when digital media became more commonly used- psytrance evolved. Goa continues to develop alongside the other genres.

The first hippies who came to the city of Goa, in India in the middle of the 1960s ,came there for several reasons: the beaches, the low cost of living, the friendly local people, the Indian religious and spiritual practices and the accessible cannabis, which until the mid-1970s was completely legal. 
During the 1970s the first Goa DJs were generally playing music by psychedelic rock bands such as the Grateful Dead, Pink Floyd and The Doors.
In 1979, the beginnings of electronic dance music could sometimes be heard in Goa in the form of music by artists such as Kraftwerk but only in 1983 that DJs Laurent and Fred Disko, closely followed by Goa Gil, began changing the Goa style over to electro-industrial/EBM which was at the time was controlling Europe.

The tracks were remixed, the lyrics were removed, the melodies and beats and generally controlling the sounds in all kinds of ways before the tracks were finally presented to the dancers as custom Goa-style mixes.

By the beginning of the 90's Goa was starting to draw attention and had become a popular destination for people to party. 

As the scene became bigger, Goa-style parties spread worldwide since 1993. Parties in the UK helped create several international labels in various countries (U.K. Australia, Japan, Germany and Israel) to promote psychedelic electronic music and local scenes that reflected the attitude and beliefs of Goa parties, Goa music, and Goa-specific artists, producers, and DJs. Goa Trance as commercial scene began gaining global traction in 1994. 

Characteristics:

Psychedelic trance has a unique, energetic sound, usually faster than other forms of trance or techno music with beats generally ranging from 135 and up to 150 BPM .

however some psytrance songs can also reach 190BPM, 200bpm, 210bpm and even 300bpm. It uses a very special bass beat that pounds the entire duration of the song and covers the bass with rhythms borrowed from funk, techno, dance, acid house, eurodance and trance using drums and other instruments. The different leads, rhythms and beats generally change every eight bars. Layering is a technique used to create effect in psychedelic trance, with new musical ideas being added at regular intervals, often every four to eight bars. New layers will continue to be added until a climax is reached, and then the song will break down and start a new rhythmic pattern over the constant bass line. Psychedelic trance tracks tend to be six to ten minutes long. This includes a developed and atmospheric introduction, and a breakdown in the middle of the track of around 30 seconds to over a minute.

Psytrance festivals tend to be culturally and musically diverse.

Earthdance, which is considered world's largest music and dance festival for peace, started from the psychedelic trance culture.

At the 2004 Glastonbury Festival in the UK, psytrance was given a whole day on the Glade stage.
The Boom Festival in Portugal began as a psytrance festival but has since adopted other styles such as world music. It is held in August every other year and combines social activism with cultural and spiritual elements.

The Ozora Festival in Hungary is a music festival which focuses on art and emphasizes on connecting with nature and oneself. Psytrance is still very popular at this festival.

In 2007- a research was conducted on the global psytrance scene. 600 people from 40 countries provided different detailed information via an online questionnaire. The results were published as "Beyond Subculture and Post-subculture? The Case of Virtual Psytrance" in the "Journal of Youth Studies".

In 2012 Graham St. John published "Global Tribe: Technology, Spirituality and Psytrance", Equinox. ().



Carson

Carson can be






Carson, Missouri

Carson is a ghost town in Howell County, Missouri. It is in the Ozarks of southern Missouri. The community was located on Missouri Route ZZ, it was next to the railroad. Carson is about two miles southeast of West Plains, Missouri.

A post office named Carson was built in 1908. It was used until 1928. The community has the name of Jack Carson, a businessperson in the local mining industry.

First Ladies and Gentlemen of New York

The first lady or first gentleman of New York is the title and role held by the hostess of the New York State Executive Mansion, usually the wife or husband of the governor of New York, during the governor's term in office.

Bill Hochul is the current first gentleman of New York, in role since August 2021 as the husband of Governor Kathy Hochul.

The first lady or gentleman is not elected by the citizens of New York, there are no official jobs she is officially required to perform and they are not paid for being the first spouse, but they are is often involved in political campaigns, managements of the Executive Mansion, and participating in social causes and accompanying the governor at official and ceremonial occasions and events.

The following is a list of first ladies and gentlemen of New York.


Carson, Mississippi

Carson is an unincorporated community in Jefferson Davis County, Mississippi, United States. It is on Mississippi Highway 42. The community is southeast of Prentiss, Mississippi. Carson has a post office with ZIP code 39427.

Carson was a part of Covington County before Jefferson Davis County was created. A post office was first opened under the name Carson in 1900. Carson is on the former Illinois Central Gulf Railroad. It used to have six general stores, two sawmills and many lumber camps.


Carson Township, Minnesota

Carson Township is a township in Cottonwood County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 283 at the 2020 census.

Carson Township was organized in 1871. It was named for Kit Carson, an American frontiersman.

According to the United States Census Bureau, the township has a total area of . Of that area, is land and , or 1.7%, is water.

As of the census of 2020, there were 283 people, 106 households, and 73 families living in Carson Township. The population density was . There were 120 housing units at an average density of . The racial makeup of the township was 93.3% White (non-Hispanic), 3.2% other races (non-Hispanic), and 3.5% Hispanic or Latino.

There were 106 households. Of those, 22.6% had children under the age of 18 living with them, 65.1% were married couples living together. 7.5% had a female householder with no husband present, 24.5% had a male householder with no wife present, and 31.1% were non-families. 22.6% of all households were made up of individuals, and 4.7% had someone living alone who was 65 years of age or older. The average household size was 2.67.

In the township, the population had 21.6% under the age of 18, 6.0% from 18 to 24, 25.8% from 25 to 44, 26.9% from 45 to 64, and 19.8% who were 65 years of age or older. The median age was 42.9 years. There were 149 males and 134 females.

In 2022, the median (middle) income for a household in the township was about $79,297. The median income for a family was about $91,250. The per capita income for the township was about $39,822. About 3.1% of families and 8.4% of the population were below the poverty line, including 5.1% of those under age 18 and 23.7% of those age 65 or over.

Since 2023, Carson Township is in Minnesota's 7th congressional district. It is represented by Michelle Fischbach, a Republican. At the state level, Carson Township is in Senate District 21, represented by Republican Bill Weber. It is in House District 21A, represented by Republican Joe Schomacker.

Carson, Kentucky

Carson is an unincorporated community located in Gallatin County, Kentucky, United States. It was also known as Bramelette.

Carson Township, Fayette County, Illinois

Carson Township is one of twenty townships in Fayette County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2020 census, its population was 108. It had 56 housing units. This township was formed from Bowling Green Township.

According to the 2020 census, the township has a total area of . Of that area, (or 99.78%) is land and (or 0.17%) is water.


The township contains these four cemeteries: Blankenship, Reed, Staff and Welch.




Carson, New Mexico

Carson is an unincorporated community in southwestern Taos County, New Mexico, United States. Carson was named after frontiersman Kit Carson who lived in Taos. It was founded around 1908. This was when the surrounding area was opened for homesteading. Carson is a rural residential area with a low population density.

Carson has a post office, with the ZIP code 87517. The 87517 area had a population of 460 at the 2020 census. The area had 386 housing units at Census 2020. It also had a land area of and a population density of 13.1 people per sq. mile (5.1 per km).

In the 1930s, Carson was a Mormon settlement. A local trader gave an old "colcha", an embroidered woolen blanket, to his sister-in-law to be fixed. She studied the textile and started making new colchas. This lead to a successful cottage industry. Most of the Carson colchas were made from recycled woolen fabrics. They were priced reasonably, and sold well. Many are now in the collections of museums.


Keeper of the Lost Cities

Keeper of the Lost Cities is a fantasy series written by author Shannon Messenger. The first book shares the same title, and there are nine and a half books in this series as of October 4th, 2023: "Keeper of the Lost Cities, Exile, Everblaze, Neverseen, Lodestar, Nightfall, Flashback, Legacy, Unlocked" (considered "half" of a book; a guide to the world presented in the series that includes a novella), and "Stellarlune." 

Renato Bellinelli

Renato Bellinelli (born 9 July 1939) is an Italian professional soccer player. He made his Serie C debut in 1958 with Sarom Ravenna, where he remained for three seasons. In 1961 he moved to Livorno, with whom he reached Serie B at the end of the 1963-64 championship. With Labronici he played ten championships, seven of which were in Series B totalling 165 appearances in the cadet series and a total of 237 appearances. This made him the fourth player overall in terms of the number of championship matches with Livorno.

Sadako Sasaki

Sadako Sasaki () was a Japanese girl who was a atomic bomb victim. Sadako, then aged 2, was exposed to the radiation of the atomic bomb when it was dropped on Hiroshima.
After the bombing, she survived for another ten years, becoming one of the most widely known atomic bomb victims of Hiroshima and Nagasaki. She is best known for folding one thousand origami cranes in the hope of recovery.
She died on , at the age of 12, in Hiroshima, Japan.

Sadako Sasaki was born into a Japanese family in the city of Kusunoki. On the morning hours of 6 August 1945, Sadako was at home with her family when the United States dropped an atomic bomb on Hiroshima. During the bombings, she was thrown out of her house through the window. Her mother ran outside to find her, suspecting she may be severely injured or even dead, but found Sadako without any apparent injuries. While they were fleeing, Sadako and her mother were caught in nuclear fallout. Sadako's grandmother died in the bombings.
When she grew up, Sadako went to school and became an important member of her class' relay race. 
In November 1954, Sadako got oedema on her neck and legs. Two months later in January 1955, Sadako developed purpura on her legs. 
She was afterwards diagnosed with leukemia. It was explained to her family that she had leukemia as a result of exposure to and the radiation of the atomic bomb. She was hospitalized on 21 February 1955, and was expected to live for only a few months. She was given blood transfusions on the day she was hospitalized.

In early August 1955, Sadako was moved into a room with a girl named Kiyo, who was a junior high school student who was two years older than her. Origami cranes were brought to her room by a local high school club. On 3 August, when Sadako asked why origami cranes were brought into her room, Chizuko Hamamoto, Sadako's friend, told her a legend that folding origami cranes would grant someone's wish, and it had to be 1000 of them. Upon hearing this, Sadako began folding 1000 origami cranes, in the hope of recovery from leukemia. Although she had plenty of free time during her days in the hospital, she began to run out of paper, and began using things such as medicine wrappers. She even went to other patient's rooms and asked for paper wrappers from their get well soon presents. However, given her illness, it is disputed whether Sadako ever managed to fold 1000 origami cranes.

While hospitalized, Sadako's condition worsened. In October 1955, Sadako's left leg became purple and had oedema. In the last days of her life, when Sadako's family urged her to eat some food, Sadako asked for chazuke and (while or after eating) said, "It's tasty." She then thanked her family, with those probably being her last words. She died on the morning hours of , at the age of 12.

After her death, Sadako's body was examined by the Atomic Bomb Casualty Commission (ABCC) for research on the effects of the atomic bomb on the human body. Her body was cremated after the examination.
Forging

Forging is a way of making things. It involves changing the shape of metal by using compressive forces. These forces are normally supplied by hitting the metal with a hammer or a die. There are different types of Forging based on the temperature at which the forging is done. These include cold forging, warm forging, and hot forging. For warm and hot forging, the metal is heated. This is usually done in a forge. Things can be forged in many different sizes. They can range in weight from less than a kilogram to hundreds of metric tons. Forging has been done by smiths for a very long time. Common products made by forging include kitchenware, hardware, hand tools and weapons such as swords and axes.

Since the Industrial Revolution, forged parts are widely used in machines. They are used in machine when a part that has a high strength is needed, 

Forging is one of the oldest metalworking processes. It was normally done by a smith using hammer and anvil. People started using water power in the 12th century. They also started working with iron at that time. Using water power allowed them to use bigger and more powerful hammers. This allowed the smiths to increased the amount and size of iron that could be forged. The forge has changed over centuries. It has become a place with engineered processes and equipment to handle the needs of modern industry.

In modern times, forging is often done with presses or with hammers powered by compressed air, electricity, hydraulics or steam. These hammers can weigh thousands of pounds. 

Quilticohyla acrochorda

The warty mountain stream frog ("Quilticohyla acrochorda") is a frog. It lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 594 and 900 meters above sea level on the Atlantic side (east side) of the mountains.

This frog lives in Sierra Juarez. People have seen it next to streams in forests in the mountains. Tadpoles from this frog swim in the water all year.

The adult male frog is about 36.3 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is around 57.6 mm long. When it is time to lay eggs, the males grow a gland on their chests and pads on their front feet. The male frogs have more vomerine teeth than the female frogs do. The skin of the frog's back is lime green in color. Some of them have gray or reddish marks on the back. The iris of the eye is white in color with red-brown lines. This frog has disks on its toes for climbing.

Darby Allin

Samuel Ratsch (born January 7, 1993) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He is one-half of the current AEW Tag Team Champions with Sting.

Ratsch has also wrestled in Evolve, Major League Wrestling (MLW), Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA), and Progress. As well as competing on the independent circuit for many different promotions.

During his time in AEW, Allin has been a two-time AEW TNT Champion and one-time AEW Tag Team Champion.

On April 12, 2019, Allin signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). Allin made his AEW in-ring debut at Fyter Fest on May 25, 2019 fighting Cody to a draw.

On November 7, 2020 at Full Gear, Allin defeated Cody Rhodes to win the AEW TNT Championship, winning his first championship in AEW. After his win, Allin teamed with Rhodes. They feuded with Team Taz. Powerhouse Hobbs turned heel by attacking Rhodes and Allin on the November 18, 2020 episode of "Dynamite".

Allin and Rhodes would defeat Hobbs and Ricky Starks at Winter Is Coming. After the match, Team Taz went to attack them but they were saved by a debuting Sting. Sting would then take Allin as a protege. He would manage him and sometimes tag with him. 

Allin would lose the TNT Championship to Miro on the May 12, 2023 episode of "Dynamite".

On September 5, 2021 at All Out, Allin was defeated by CM Punk. This was Punk's first professional wrestling match in AEW and his first match in 7 years.

Allin would win the TNT Championship for second time when he defeated Samoa Joe on the January 4, 2023 episode of "Dynamite". He later lost it back to Joe on February 1 edition of Dynamite.

On the February 7, 2024 episode of "Dynamite", Allin and Sting would defeat Ricky Starks and Big Bill to win the AEW World Tag Team Championships. This was Sting's first championship in AEW.

When he was five-year-old, Rasch got into a car accident. He was riding in the passenger seat on a car when his uncle was drunk driving. His uncle ended up crashing and dying. Ratsch paints half of his face in a skull when he wrestles because he says that he has been "half dead" ever since. This event is also why he is straight edge.

Ratsch is also a fan of skateboarding. He skates down the ramp to the ring during his entrance and sometimes uses it as a weapon.

Ratsch was married to professional wrestler Priscilla Kelly until they divorced on August 10, 2020.

Guerreran mountain stream frog

The Guerreran mountain stream frog ("Quilticohyla erythromma") is a frog. It lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 700 and 950 meters above sea level on the Pacific side (west side) of the mountains.

Chinamococh stream frog

The Chinamococh stream frog ("Quilticohyla sanctaecrucis") is a frog. It lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 366 and 1150 meters above sea level on the Pacific side (west side) of the mountains.

Quilticohyla zoque

The Zoque tree frog ("Quilticohyla zoque") is a frog. It lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 76 and 600 meters above sea level in evergreen tropical forests.

The iris of the frog's eye is pale pink in color.

Playa de Mónsul

The Playa de Mónsul (English: Mónsul Beach), also known as the Ensenada de Mónsul (English: Mónsul Cove), is a beach located 4 km southwest of the municipality of San José on the coast of the Province of Almería in southeast Andalusia, Spain. It is one of the most famous and recognizable beaches in Spain, and is a popular recreation area.

The Playa de Mónsul is 300 m long and 45 m wide with a large rock in the middle of the beach. It is located in the Cabo de Gata-Níjar Natural Park, which is the last almost untouched area on the Andalusian Mediterranean coast.

The beach is surrounded by the Sierra del Cabo de Gata (Cabo de Gata Mountains), which is mostly located in the natural park. The 493 m high Pico de los Frailes, which is the highest peak of the Sierra del Cabo de Gata, is visible from the beach.

The beach is mainly made up of dark volcanic rock and sand, like the rest of the mountain range which is of volcanic origin, that covers most of the natural park. Due to the desert climate, the area only has little vegetation.

Due to its remoteness and difficult topography, the area was spared from tourist development. An environmental movement was active at an early stage, which in 1984 successfully prevented a development project on the Playa de Mónsul. With the creation of the Cabo de Gata-Níjar Natural Park on December 5, 1989, the entire area became a protected area and all development forbidden.

A scene from "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade" (1989) was filmed on this beach, in which Henry Jones Sr. (played by Sean Connery) caused a Luftwaffe fighter plane to crash by scaring a flock of seagulls with an umbrella.

Other movies that were shot on the beach are "Antony and Cleopatra" (1972), "The NeverEnding Story" (1984), "The Adventures of Baron Munchausen" (1988) and "Talk to Her" (2002).

Channel (geography)

A channel in geography is a type of landform made of the outline of a path of small body of water, usually a river, river delta or strait. The word often refers to a natural body of water, while the cognate word "canal" is used for manmade versions.

Swerve Strickland

Stephon Strickland (born September 30, 1990) is an American professional wrestler and rapper. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Swerve Strickland.

He is also known for his time wrestling in WWE where he wrestled under the ring name Isaiah "Swerve" Scott and was a one-time NXT North American Champion. Strickland has also competed for Major League Wrestling (MLW), Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW), and Evolve. He wrestled under a mask for Lucha Underground as Killshot.

During his time in AEW, Strickland has been a one-time AEW World Tag Team Champion. 

Outside of professional wrestling, Strickland is also a rapper. He performs under the name Swerve the Realest and also raps in the hip hop group Swerve City. Swerve hosts a podcast with Monteasy called Swerve City Podcast.

On March 6, 2022 at Revolution, Strickland debuted with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). Strickland made his AEW in-ring debut on the March 11 episode of "Rampage" where he defeated Tony Nese.

After a match between Keith Lee and The Acclaimed (Max Caster and Anthony Bowens), Team Taz's Powerhouse Hobbs and Ricky Starks attacked Lee with The Acclaimed. Swerve came out with a chair and saved Lee. Afterward, Swerve and Lee began teaming under the name Swerve in Out Glory.

On July 13, during Night 1 of Fyter Fest, Swerve in Our Glory defeated The Young Bucks and Team Taz in a Triple or Nothing match to win the AEW World Tag Team Championships. This gave Strickland his first championship in AEW. They would lose the titles to The Acclaimed at Grand Slam. 

On the December 21, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Strickland turned heel. He revealed his new group called "Mogul Affiliates" with member Parker Boudreaux, Trench, and rapper Rick Ross. They all attacked Keith Lee and and Swerve stomped and broke a cinderblock on Lee stomach. Trench was later released from AEW when his contract expired. On the April 7, 2023 episode of "Dynamite", Swerve announced that he was merging his group with The Embassy, they would be called Mogul Embassy and he would own 51%.

At WrestleDream on October 1, 2023, Swerve faced "Hangman" Adam Page in front of his home state crowd in Washington. He was able to defeat Page in the match.

Alviyanto Prastyadi

Alviyanto Prastyadi is an Indonesian archer. He was born on 18 February 2002. Prastyadi competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Hendra Purnama

Hendra Purnama is an Indonesian archer. He was born on 12 January 1997. Purnama competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Rina Dewi Puspitasari

Rina Dewi Puspitasari is an archer from Indonesia. She was born on 5 October 1985. Dewi Puspitasari competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Buellton, California

Buellton is a small city in Santa Barbara County, California, United States. It is located in the Santa Ynez Valley, 3 miles west of Solvang. The population was 5,161 at the 2020 census, up from 4,828 at the 2010 census. Located at the junction of U.S. Route 101 and State Route 246, Buellton attracts many travelers.

1991 Kazakh presidential election

Presidential elections were held in Kazakhstan for the first time on 1 December 1991. Nursultan Nazarbayev won with 99% of the vote, and 88% of the people who could vote actually did.

Joshua Lindsey

Joshua Lindsey is an American businessman known as the managing partner of American Business Brokers.

Lindsey attended Johnson School of Business at Cornell University, where he received bachelor's degree in business administration and a certificate in executive leadership.

In 2013, Lindsey established American Business Brokers. The company provides business valuations, market research, funding, buyer and seller advocacy during the business sales process. Previously, he has served as the CEO at PHX Private Equity. In 2014, a biography of Lindsey was published in Tim Ferris' book, "Entrepreneur on Fire".

He has received Utah Business Forty Under 40 Award. Lindsey is married with Danielle and the couple has three children.

Rana Punja

Rana Punja Bhil or Poonja, was a tribal leader belonging to bhil tribe the great Bhil king of Bhomat. He was born at Merpur in the Mewar region to Dunha Holika. His father died when Punja was 15 and he was appointed head of Merpur. Soon after he became king of Bhomat. in 1576 he fought alongside the Rana of Mewar, Maharana Pratap against the Mughal emperor Akbar's forces, led by Man Singh I in the Battle of Haldighati. In the battle, Punja brought a contingent of Bhil tribesmen and himself led crucial role in Haldighati ..His tribesmen were armed with short swords, arrows and bows, and stones.

Bio Socal

Bio SoCal is an American company headquartered in Westlake Village, CA with a location in Palm Springs, California.

Alan Cohen and Melissa Cohen co-founded Bio SoCal in August, 2014. The company provides biohazard and forensic cleanup services for residential, commercial, and municipal properties. Alan also serves as the CEO of the company.

Initially, Bio SoCal operated as a franchise serving Los Angeles and Ventura County. In March 2016, Alan and Melissa left the franchise system and became independent to begin rapid expansion of the company. To accommodate their growth, in May 2018, Bio SoCal acquired Millers Trauma Scene Restoration in Palm Springs, CA.

The company holds a Trauma Scene Waste Management Practitioner License issued by the California Department of Public Health and is registered in the federal government's System for Award Management. The company specializes in handling biohazard situations, such as crime scene cleanup, unattended deaths, and infectious disease contamination, among others.

So Emotional

"So Emotional" is a 1987 song by Whitney Houston. It is the third single from her second studio album "Whitney" and went to number 1 in the United States, number 5 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Finland and Canada, number 47 in New Zealand, number 26 in Australia, number 21 in France, number 20 in South Africa, number 18 in the Netherlands and Belgium and number 30 in Switzerland.




Track 2: "Didn't We Almost Have It All" (live) is from her September 2, 1987 concert in Saratoga Springs, New York during the Moment of Truth World Tour.

Josef Brandstetter

Josef Brandstetter (29 December 1890 – 25 March 1945) was an Austrian football player. From 1911 to 1925 he was an important player for SK Rapid and in the national team. He played 234 matches for Rapid and scored 23 goals.

Josef Brandstetter began his football career together with his younger brother Fritz with SK Rapid Wien in 1908. He was part of the team that won the first Austrian football championship in 1911–12. He won a total of eight title in Hütteldorf before a crisis at the club in 1924 drove him to local rivals Wiener AF. After the differences with the club's management had been solved, Brandstetter returned to Rapid . At the end of his career Brandstetter moved to ASV Hertha Vienna at the end of 1925 or beginning of 1926.

Josef Brandstetter was a regular player for the national team for twelve years. He made his debut at the 1912 Olympic Games in Stockholm. The center half scored his only two goals in the national team in a 2-0 victory over Italy on 15 June 1913.

Around the beginning of November 1926 he became a trainer at the Yugoslavian champions Građanski Zagreb. Good results against international opponents and Viennese clubs were reported. After arguments over his salary - he wanted to earn as much as his predecessor - they parted ways. In February 1927 he took over the coaching position at the Wiener Sport-Club before looking after VfL Neckarau for two years from 1928. In 1933 he looked after the first team of FC Hard.

Seppl Brandstetter died of pneumonia in a Viennese hospital in the last weeks of the Second World War.


Malakai Black

Tom Büdgen (born 19 May 1985) is a Dutch professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Malakai Black.

He is also known for his time wrestling in WWE where he wrestled under the ring name Aleister Black and was a one-time NXT Champion. Büdgen has also competed for Insane Championship Wrestling (ICW), Progress, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), and Westside Xtreme Wrestling (wXw).

During his time in AEW, Black has been a one-time AEW World Trios Champion. 

On 7 July 2021 at Road Rager, Black debuted with All Elite Wrestling (AEW) by hitting the Black Mass on both Cody Rhodes and Arn Anderson. Black made his AEW in-ring debut on the 4 August at "Homecoming" where he defeated Cody Rhodes.

Black would form a tag team with Brody King called the Kings of the Black Throne on the 12 January 2022 edition of Dynamite. Later on, the debuting Buddy Matthews would join them after their match and attack Death Triangle (Pac and Penta Oscuro). The three would call themselves The House of Black.

At Double or Nothing, the House of Black defeated Death Triangle (Pac, Penta Oscuro, and Rey Fénix). After their win, Julia Hart betrayed The Varsity Blonds (Brian Pillman Jr. and Griff Garrison) by coming down to the ring and joined the House of Black after months of teasing it.

On March 5, 2023 at Revolution, the House of Black defeated The Elite (Kenny Omega, Matt Jackson, and Nick Jackson) to win the AEW World Trios Championships. This gave Black his first championship in AEW. They would lose the titles to Billy Gunn and The Acclaimed (Max Caster and Anthony Bowens) at All In.

Efunsetan Aniwura

Chief madam Ẹfúnṣetán Aníwúrà (c. 1820s–June 30, 1874) was the second Iyalode of Ibadan, a high-ranking female chieftain in most of the Yoruba traditional states. She is also regarded as one of the leading slave dealers in the 19th century in Ibadan. Her influence was felt in Ibadan's political, military, economic, and religious realms. She became known as a brilliant trader and merchant. She was known for being the most wealthy and powerful Yoruba woman to have ever lived. Historians have characterized her as a powerful ruler who frequently executed disobedient slaves. This has been attributed to a psychiatric breakdown brought on by the loss of her only child and her subsequent infertility. 

Ẹfúnṣetán Aníwúrà was born in Ikija-Egba land in 1820s, Her family later moved to Ibadan after the fall of Ikija. Her mother was from Ile-Ife, while her father, Chief Ogunrin, was an Ikija warrior. Her mother, who used to be a small-time trader, was said to have passed down her entrepreneurial spirit to her. Along with her regular accompanies her mother to the major markets in Abeokuta helped her to succeed as a trader. She was married multiple times and had a child, who later died at a very tender age. This event was said to have influenced her life, both positively and negatively  

According to a writer, Olawale Idowu believes that Aniwura's choice to move to Ibadan was motivated by two factors: first, at the time, her cousin was a prominent leader in the city. Second, she could launch a successful business there because Ibadan was at the time a more entrepreneurial town than other places. She then had multiple farmlands and about 2,000 slaves that helped her on the farm. exporting agricultural products to Porto-Novo, Badagry, and Ikorodu. Her major kinds of trade were slavery and the production of tobacco. She also produced Kijipa, a local cosmetic shipped to America.

Barnabas Dejen Mondal

Barnabas Dejen Mondal (19 September 1937 - 29 June 2019. Bangla: বার্ণবা দ্বিজেন মন্ডল) was a Bangladeshi clergyman. He was the first bishop, the first moderator of the synod, the first Archbishop of Church of Bangladesh Archdiocese of Dhaka and “The National Bishop" of the Church of Bangladesh. Mondal was seen by many as one of the greatest and most influential Anglican bishop and Christian clergy in Bangladesh. Mondal was the longest serving bishop in Bangladesh. He had served for almost 30 years. He was one of the people that started the economic movement in Bangladesh.

Mondal's father was Johon Mondal. His mother was Komola Mondal. He was the second oldest of thirteen siblings. He completed his schooling from a baptist school. He then completed his college from Government Brojomohun College, Barishal. For higher studies, he went Bishop's College Kolkata.

Mondal was a talented priest. From childhood, he wants to do something for Jesus. In the early 1950s, he joined the seminary. He was made a deacon in 1964. In 1965, he became a priest of Oxford Mission Church.

Mondal was ordained as a priest in the Anglican Church in East Pakistan in 1964. He was consecrated as the first national bishop of the Church of Bangladesh on 16 February 1975. The Church of Bangladesh came into being after Bangladesh became an independent country in 1971. He became the Bishop in early 1975. Mondal was the Bishop of Dhaka diocese and Moderator of the Church of Bangladesh for almost three decades, Mondal’s contributions in laying foundations for the present structure of a united church in the country have been widely recognised. In particular, Bishop Mondal consistently encouraged more active participation of the lay leaders in the congregations of the Church of Bangladesh.

Mondal actively participated in the Asian and Bangladesh ecumenical movement in various capacities. He served on various committees of the East Asia Christian Conference (EACC), the forerunner of the Christian Conference of Asia (CCA) in the 1960s and 1970s. He as pionneer of National Bible Society, CCDB

In all Bangladesh among Catholic and Protestant, he was a key figure. The Recognition Title was: Servant of God.

Mondal died in a hospital in the capital, Dhaka, June 29 at the age of 82. More than ten thousand Christian of all Denomination gathered to say good bye to him in the name of Jesus Christ


Britt Baker

Brittney Baker (born 19 May 1985) is an American professional wrestler and dentist. She currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name (Dr.) Britt Baker (D.M.D.).

During her time in AEW, Baker has been a one-time AEW Women's World Champion and was the winner of the Women's Owen Hart Cup in 2022.

Outside of professional wrestling, Baker is a member of the American Dental Association and graduated from the University of Pittsburgh School of Dental Medicine in May 2018.

On January 2, 2019, Baker signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). At Double or Nothing, Baker made her AEW in-ring debut defeating Nyla Rose, Kylie Rae, and Awesome Kong in a four-way match.

On the March 17, 2021 episode of "Dynamite", Baker faced Thunder Rosa in a Lights Out match. Rosa defeated Baker in the match. The match was the first women's main event in "Dynamite" history and was well liked and praised.

At Double or Nothing, Baker won her first championship in AEW. She defeated Hikaru Shida to win the AEW Women's World Championship. she defended the championship against Red Velvet and Tay Conti. At St. Patrick's Day Slam, Baker lost the championship to Thunder Rosa in a steel cage.
Baker would enter the tournament for the Owen Hart Cup. She would go on to defeat Danielle Kamela in the first round, Maki Itoh in the second round, and Toni Storm in the third round. Baker would go on to win the Owen Hart Cup after defeating Ruby Soho in the finals.

High Court of Justiciary

The High Court of Justiciary is the most powerful criminal court in Scotland. It can hear a case that has been appealed (where one of the people involved think a case has been decided wrongly), or if it is a serious case it can be the first court to hear it. When hearing a case that has been appealed, it is sometimes called the Court of Criminal Appeal.

It has 36 judges, who are called "Lord Commissioners of Justiciary". They are also judges for the Court of Session. The chief judge is called the "Lord Justice General", and is also always the chief judge for the Court of Session, where he is called the "Lord President". His deputy is called the "Lord Justice Clerk".

When it is the first court to hear a case, it can sit in a number of locations. Its permanent locations are in Aberdeen, Glasgow, and Edinburgh, but it also sits in other towns and cities. When it hears a case appealed, it can only sit in Edinburgh.

Judges in the High Court are called "Lord Commissioners of Justiciary". There are 36 judges in total. They are all also judges for the Court of Session.

The chief judge is called the "Lord Justice General", and is also always the chief judge for the Court of Session, where he is called the "Lord President". His deputy is called the "Lord Justice Cler"k"." 

When the High Court is the first court to hear a case, there will only be one judge. They will make any decisions involving the law in the case, and will make sure everything happens properly and fairly.

When the High Courts hears a case on appeal, there will be three judges. They will examine the conduct of the case and decide whether to overrule it or not.

When the High Court is the first court to hear a case, it will sit with a "jury". This is called a "trial". 

The jury is a group of 15 randomly chosen people, who aren't qualified in law. They decide the facts of a case, and decide whether the person accused of a crime is guilty or not.

They can reach three conclusions, called "verdicts":

They can reach a verdict with a simple majority, 8/15, or more.

There are two groups of people in the court, called "parties".

The "accused" is the party that is in court because they have been charged with a crime. This means that a government body, normally the police, think they have committed a crime. 

The accused never has to prove its case, but it can defend itself in court. To do this, they have to hire a lawyer called a solicitor. The solicitor will help prepare their defence, but normally is not allowed to speak in the High Court - instead, the solicitor has to instruct a specialist lawyer called an advocate, who is trained to represent people in court.

The accused and their lawyers are often referred together as the defence.

The "prosecution" is the party that has to prove the guilt of the accused beyond a reasonable doubt. This means that they have to persuade the jury that the accused definitely committed a crime enough that they are certain.

The prosecution represents the people of Scotland, and in particular the King. Because of this, they are sometimes called the Crown. The official prosecutor for Scotland is called the Lord Advocate, but they will only attend court in really important cases. Most of the time, one of their deputies, called an Advocate depute, will attend instead. They are also a lawyer, normally an advocate, just like the accused's lawyer.

It is possible in theory for a private citizen to prosecute someone, but this is very rare. 

A High Court case starts at the point of charging, which is where the police officially accuses someone of a crime, after consulting the local prosecutor (called a Procurator fiscal). They will then spend time investigating, in order to prepare an "indictment".

The prosecution will prepare an official list of all the crimes they believe the accused has committed, in very specific detail. This is called an indictment. The process of presenting an indictment is called "libel" or "libelling".

This is the first hearing of the case, and the first chance for someone to plead guilty or not guilty. It may be held in the High Court itself or in a Sheriff Court - its main purpose is to arrange a trial date.

This is the main hearing before the trial begins. The accused can change their plea here, and the parties will raise any important issues before the trial.

The trial is where a jury will decide the guilt of the accused. 

It will begin by "swearing in" the jury, which is where they promise to act properly and fairly. The judge will then introduce the accused, as well as any key witnesses, so that any jurors that have a personal connection to anyone involved can be excused.

After that, the judge will give the jury a number of directions about how they must listen to evidence and decide the case.

Unlike some other legal systems, there are no opening speeches given by the parties. Instead, after all this has happened, they will begin hearing evidence. The prosecution will present their evidence first, and the defence (if they choose to) will present theirs afterwards. 

Once all the evidence is heard, the parties will make closing speeches to summarise their arguments. The judge will then sum up the evidence and make any directions to the jury about it. They will then ask the jury to retire to a private room, where they will decide their verdict.

Once they have decided, the jury foreman will present the jury's verdict to the court. The jury never has to justify its verdict. This marks the end of the trial.

Sometimes, a Sheriff Court might ask the High Court to sentence someone for them. This is because Sheriff Courts can only sentence someone to 5 years in prison, but their cases sometimes need more than that. When this happens, it is called a "sentencing committal". 

Pseudophilautus wynaadensis

The Malabar coast frog, tinkling frog, dark-eared bush frog, or plain-colored bush frog ("Pseudophilautus wynaadensis") is a frog. It lives in India. Scientists have seen it between 900 and 1200 meters above sea level.

Salah El-Din al-Tijani

Salah El-Din al-Tijani (born 12 June 1958) is an Egyptian hadith scholar, writer and author.

Salah El-Din al-Tijani is currently a resident in Cairo, Egypt, where he operates a zawiya in the Embaba neighborhood.

Throughout his scholarly journey, Imam El-Tijani became a master of Sunni jurisprudence across the Maliki, Hanafi, Shafi'i, and Hanbali madhhabs. 

He is a professor of medicine at Cairo's Faculty of Medicine Kasr Al Ainy as well as an orthopedic surgeon.

Salah El-Din al-Tijani is the leader of International Tijaniya Association.



Ulm Minster

Ulm Minster () is a Lutheran church in Ulm, Baden-Württemberg (Germany). It is currently the tallest church in the world. The church is the fifth-tallest structure built before the 20th century, with a steeple measuring 161.53 metres.

Bansuri

A bansuri is an ancient side blown flute. It comes from India and Nepal. The flute is an aerophone created from bamboo and a material similar to metal. It is used in many nepali songs. 

A "bansuri" is traditionally made from a single piece of bamboo. The piece is hollow and has seven finger holes. Modern "bansuri" can be made with ivory, fiberglass and different metals. A "bansuri" with six holes cab play two and a half octaves of music. The flute is normally between in length. It is about as thick as a person's thumb. One end of the flute is closed. The blowhole is a few centimeters from the closed end. Longer "bansuris" play deeper tones and lower pitches. The early designs have no mechanical keys. The musician makes the notes they want by covering and uncovering finger holes.

The "bansuri"-like flute is seen in paintings in very old Buddhist, Hindu and Jain temples. They are common in the iconography of the Hindu god Krishna. The bansuri is the divine instrument of Lord Krishna. The instrument is also common among other traditions such as Shaivism. 

Three-hole pipe

Pipe and tabor is a pair of instruments played by a single player, consisting of a three-hole pipe played with one hand, and a small drum played with the other. The tabor (drum) hangs on the performer's left arm or around the neck, leaving the hands free to beat the drum with a stick in the right hand and play the pipe with thumb and first two fingers of the left hand.

Attilio Giovannini

Attilio Giovannini (; 30 July 1924 – 18 February 2005) was an Italian footballer who played as a defender. Giovannini was a half-back or centre back. He had his best time at Inter, where he appeared in 191 matches from 1948 to 1954, captaining the team in the last four seasons. He played also for Lucchese, Lazio, other minor teams and retired in 1956. He capped for Italy 13 times. Regarded as one of the best Italian defenders of all time, Giovannini was Inter's main stopper in the first half of the 1950s. He was inelegant but was strong and efficient in marking his opponent. He possessed excellent speed, which was a key factor in his task to stop the opposing centre forward, intercept the ball during counter-attacks and cut any opponent out of the action.
Rocky defender and midfielder, he grows in football in the Audace of San Michele Extra After a brief experience in Bolzano, he stood out for Lucchese, where he made his Serie A debut on 14 September 1947 in a 3-0 home defeat against Genoa.

He was soon purchased by Inter, with whom he played for six seasons, in which he demonstrated great qualities of anticipation and above all an uncommon ability to cut the opponent out of the game, qualities that made him one of the best defenders of his time. With the Nerazzurri shirt he played 191 official matches, winning two championships and forming, with Maino Neri and Fulvio Nesti, an exceptional midline that would project all three into the national team.

At the end of the 1953-1954 season, that of the second scudetto of the Foni era, he was sold to Lazio, giving his place to the emergence Giorgio Bernardin. In the Biancoceleste shirt he is not always able to express himself at good levels, leading him to disputes with the public, one of which, at the end of the SPAL - Lazio match on 2 January 1955 (2-2), costs him a free denunciation for acts contrary to the public decency. He ended his career at the end of the 1955-1956 season. Subsequently he was coach and player of Nissena, in the IV Series, an experience that was marked by a car accident that occurred in the summer of 1957.

Between 1949 and 1953 Attilio Giovannini made a total of thirteen international appearances for the Italy national football team. He didn't manage to score a goal. His national team career began on June 12, 1949, only after the Superga plane crash, in which almost the entire AC Turin team and, due to the club's dominance in Italy at the time, a large part of the national team were killed. So Giovannini was one of the players who rebuilt the Squadra Azzurra after the Superga disaster. National coach Ferruccio Novo put him in the Italian squad for the 1950 World Cup appointed in Brazil. Giovannini played in one game at the tournament. In the defending champions' 2-3 defeat in the first group game against Sweden, Giovannini defended his home country, but he had to watch the second group game against Paraguay from the bench. After these two games, the first World Cup after the Second World War was over for the Italian team, which had started as one of the favorites, after the preliminary round. For Attilio Giovannini, the World Cup chapter also ended after just one match.

He emigrated to the United States in 1957 and died there in February 2005 at the age of 80.

Inter


Kirstenbosch National Botanical Garden

Kirstenbosch is an important botanical garden nestled at the eastern foot of Table Mountain in Cape Town. The garden is one of 10 National Botanical Gardens covering five of South Africa's six different biomes and administered by the South African National Biodiversity Institute (SANBI). Prior to 1 September 2004, the institute was known as the National Botanical Institute.


2023 Venice bus crash

In October 2023, a bus crash in Venice, Italy caused many deaths and injuries. On 3 October 2023, a bus fell and crashed from an overpass in Mestre, Venice. The crash killed 21 people and caused injuries to 18 other people.

The crash happened at 19:45 CEST. A bus was taking tourists from Piazzale Roma to a campsite in the Marghera district. Witnesses said that the bus scraped against a guardrail on a downhill section of a road leading from Mestre to Marghera. It then traveled about before it broke through the barrier. The bus fell about and came into contact with some electrical lines. The bus landed up upside-down near the Venezia Mestre railway station tracks. By this time, it had also caught fire.

List of mayors in Norway 2023–2027

In September and October 2023, every municipal council in Norway, held elections to choose mayor. Four years later, the municipal councils will
elect mayors, again.





























































































Hole, Syver Leivestad; Buskerud is the county again, since 2024.






Hyllestad, Kjell Eide






Inderøy, Unn-Elisabeth Tronstad Kristiansen





















Lavangen, Hege Beate Rollmoen


Leirfjord, Sten Rino Bonsaksen





























































































































































































At least two of the parties, has a leader of a network of mayors (from their own party).

During the election (in September 2023), [county elections or] "fylkesvalg" were held.

Some new mayors were elected. In 2024, there are some more counties than there were the year before.

Josie Gibson

Josephine Diane Shirley Gibson (born 24 January 1985), known as Josie Gibson, is an English television presenter. She came famous after winning the eleventh series of "Big Brother United Kingdom". She later appeared on "Ultimate Big Brother" in 2011 but quit the programme.

Since appearing on "Big Brother", Gibson has become a television presenter. She has worked on the daytime programme "This Morning" since 2019. In 2023, she was a contestant on "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!".

Platamona

Platamona is a coastal area in northern Sardinia, Italy. It is along the Gulf of Asinara, in the municipality of Sassari, between the "comuni" of Sorso and Porto Torres.

Grue

Grue or grues can be



Stornarella

Stornarella is a "comune" in the Province of Foggia in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.

Stornara

Stornara is a "comune" in the Province of Foggia in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.

The Storm Media

The Storm Media is a Chinese-language news media in Taiwan, headquartered in Neihu District, Taipei City. It was launched on February 18, 2014.

The founder, Zhang Guojun, was the general manager of Goldman Sachs Taipei Branch and served as a consultant to Fubon Financial Holdings after his retirement. The publisher, Wang Jianzhuang, is a professor at Shih Hsin University.

Stuffed crust pizza

Stuffed crust pizza is pizza with cheese or other ingredients in the crust. The stuffed crust pizza was made popular by Pizza Hut, which first served this pizza in 1995.

Stuffed crust was created by Patty Scheibmeir, and Pizza Hut launched it on March 25, 1995. It was marketed in a commercial with Donald Trump. 

Pizza Hut was sued by the family of Anthony Mongiello, over claims that Pizza Hut's stuffed crust infringed on Mongiello's patent. Pizza Hut was found to have not infringed on the patent in 1999. 

DiGiorno began offering frozen stuffed crust pizza in stores in 2001. 

In 2012, Pizza Hut launched hot dog stuffed crust pizza in Japan, China, and South Korea, followed by Australia, Canada, the U.K., and the U.S. Domino's sold a hot dog stuffed crust pizza in the U.S., U.K., and New Zealand. 

Pizza Hut New Zealand sold Marmite stuffed crust pizza, and Pizza Hut Japan introduced a pizza stuffed with shrimp, sausage, mozzarella, and other things. Pizza Hut Japan also offered a crust stuffed with shrimp and mayonnaise, and Pizza Hut Germany offered a "German King" with a sausage, bacon, and cheese-stuffed crust. Pizza Hut Japan and South Korea sold pizza with shrimp and cheese-stuffed crust, and Pizza Hut Australia made a pizza with a crust stuffed with mini meat pies.

Alain Caron

Alain Caron (born 8 July 1957 Paris )  is a Dutch chef. He runs restaurants and cafés in Amsterdam, 

He was in television programs such as "MasterChef Netherlands" (season 1 to 3), "Keuringsdienst van Waarde" and "BinnensteBuiten" . 

Caron, born in Paris, came to Utrecht in 1983, where his first wife was studying. He was chef de partie in Tante Koosje and cook in De Kersentuin . He runs restaurants, with his two sons in Amsterdam: Café Caron and Petit Caron. During COVID-19, they offered take-out. In 2021, he opened La cantine de Caron.

He has written fourteen cookbooks . 

He teaches cooking classes in Verbier. He appeared at Culinary Stars Showcase .

Zlata Filipović

Zlata Filipović (born ) is a Bosnian-born Irish woman who kept a diary documenting life in Sarajevo, when it was besieged, during the Bosnian War. 
Her diary was first published as a book in 1992 under the title (originally "Dnevnik Zlatin: Dječij život u Sarajevu" in Bosnian). The diary was republished one year later with more content in 1993.

Thanks to the publication of her diary, the United Nations helped Filipović and her mother leave Sarajevo, Bosnia and Herzegovina and move to Paris, France, in December 1993.

Zlata Filipović was born into a Bosnian family in the city of Sarajevo, Socialist Republic of Bosnia and Herzegovina, Yugoslavia (modern-day Bosnia and Herzegovina). Filipović was the only child of an advocate and a chemist. She began writing in her diary in 1991, writing about her daily life. Shortly after Filipović began writing the diary, the Bosnian War broke out, and Sarajevo (the city she and her family lived in) was besieged. She wrote about the daily horrors of her life in Sarajevo, and even wrote (in her diary) about the tragic deaths of some of her friends. In a entry of her diary, she wrote that a girl was walking on a bridge, and while walking she was suddenly shot with a gun by a enemy soldier. She died shortly afterwards as a result of the gunshot wound.
The diary was first published as a book in Sarajevo in 1992, by a small press, and consisted of 45 pages. After the first publication of her diary, Filipović continued writing her diary (The diary was republished one year later in 1993 with more content). Thanks to the publication of her diary, Filipović became moderately famous, international journalists visisted the Filipović family's apartment and interviewed Filipović, and also, the United Nations helped Filipović and her mother flee Sarajevo, and go to Paris, France, in December 1993. 

Her diary has been adapted into a choral work by Anthony Powers.

Critical review of the diary was positive. In "The New York Times Book Review", Francine Prose praised the "pure innocence and desperation" which is obvious to be seen in the book, describing Flipović as an everygirl. However, Prose was critical of publishers from North America and Europe considering Filipović's diary as similar to that of the diary of Anne Frank, lamenting the offensive action of "judging the private writing of children in war".

Nesorohyla

Nesorohyla is a genus of frogs with exactly one species in it. It is in the family Hylidae. The species is Nesorohyla kanaima, also named the Kanaima treefrog. It lives in Guyana. Scientists think it could also live in Brazil and Venezuela. It lives in subtropical and tropical forests, both near sea level and in the mountains, and rivers.

Segré

Segré is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Segré-en-Anjou Bleu.

Aviré

Aviré is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Segré-en-Anjou Bleu.

Le Bourg-d'Iré

Le Bourg-d'Iré is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Segré-en-Anjou Bleu.

La Chapelle-sur-Oudon

La Chapelle-sur-Oudon is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Segré-en-Anjou Bleu.

Châtelais

Châtelais is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Segré-en-Anjou Bleu.

Poggiardo

Poggiardo is a "comune" in the Province of Lecce in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.

Mondoweiss

Mondoweiss is a news website that began as a general-interest blog written by Philip Weiss on The New York Observer website. It is now an independent website that's comitted to informing it's readers about events in Palestine and US foreign policy towards Palestine and Israel.
In 2018 Israeli journalist Amira Hass cited Mondoweiss as a must-read source for those wanting to understand Israeli policy regarding Palestinians.

It has recieved praises for its content in USA as well as in Middle East. At the same time it has also recieved criticisms specially from Pro-Israeli American people or organisations who accuses the website of antisemitism, while the Israelis accuses it of being Anti-Semitic as well as Anti-Israel.

Ruffano

Ruffano is a "comune" in the Province of Lecce in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.

Montesano Salentino

Montesano Salentino is a "comune" in the Province of Lecce in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.

Caprarica di Lecce

Caprarica di Lecce is a "comune" in the Province of Lecce in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.

Nardò

Nardò is a "comune" in the Province of Lecce in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.

Saint-Imoges

Saint-Imoges is a commune in the Marne department in northeastern France.


Troia, Apulia

Troia () is a "comune" in the Province of Foggia in the Apulia region in southern Italy.

Fiorano Modenese

Fiorano Modenese is a "comune" in the Province of Modena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Ferrari's private testing track, the Fiorano Circuit is on the border with Maranello.

The municipality of Fiorano Modenese has 4 districts: Fiorano Modenese, Spezzano, Ubersetto and Nirano.

Galatina

Galatina is an Italian city in Apulia. About 26,000 people live there. It is 20 km south of Lecce.

San Donato di Lecce

San Donato di Lecce is a "comune" in the Province of Lecce in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.

Castri di Lecce

Castri di Lecce is a "comune" in the Province of Lecce in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.

Galatone

Galatone is an Italian city in Apulia. About 15,000 people live there.

Gagliano del Capo

Gagliano del Capo is a "comune" in the Province of Lecce in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.

Gagliano Castelferrato

Gagliano Castelferrato is a "comune" in the Province of Enna in the Sicily region in southern Italy. About 3,500 people live there. It was the site of the Battle of Gagliano.

Leonforte

Leonforte is an Italian city in Sicily. Leonforte is in the Province of Enna. About 14,000 people live there.

Nissoria

Nissoria is a "comune" in the Province of Enna in the Sicily region in southern Italy. About 3,000 people live there.

Pietraperzia

Pietraperzia is a "comune" in the Province of Enna in the Sicily region in southern Italy. About 6,800 people live there.

Regalbuto

Regalbuto is a "comune" in the Province of Enna in the Sicily region in southern Italy. About 7,000 people live there.

Troina

Troina is a "comune" in the Province of Enna in the Sicily region in southern Italy. About 9,200 people live there.

Valguarnera Caropepe

Valguarnera Caropepe is a "comune" in the Province of Enna in the Sicily region in southern Italy. About 8,000 people live there.

Strand

Strand can be









Poggio Imperiale

Poggio Imperiale is a "comune" in the Province of Foggia in the Apulia region in southeast Italy.

La Ferrière-de-Flée

La Ferrière-de-Flée is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Segré-en-Anjou Bleu.

L'Hôtellerie-de-Flée

L'Hôtellerie-de-Flée is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Segré-en-Anjou Bleu.

Louvaines

Louvaines is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Segré-en-Anjou Bleu.

Souzay-Champigny

Souzay-Champigny is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France.

Loiré

Loiré is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France.

Chazé-sur-Argos

Chazé-sur-Argos is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France.

Montreuil-sur-Loir

Montreuil-sur-Loir is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France.

Josef Čapek

Josef Čapek (English: Joseph Chapek; April 1945) was a Bohemian painter and writer, who was the brother of Karel Čapek, an writer.
He also co-wrote a prose novel written by his brother Karel called, "The Luminous Depths" ("Zářivé hlubiny" in Bohemian).

She's Got to Be a Saint

"She's Got to Be a Saint" is a 1972 song by country singer Ray Price and is the title track to his studio album "She's Got to Be a Saint". It went to number 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Singles chart and number 2 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks.

Arrowsmith School

The Arrowsmith School is a private school in Toronto, Ontario. It is for children in Grades 1 to 12 that have learning disabilities The Arrowsmith School was first founded in Toronto in 1980. It was founded by Barbara Arrowsmith Young. A second location was opened in May 2005 in Peterborough, Ontario. The Eaton Arrowsmith School is modelled on the Toronto school. It was founded by Howard Eaton. That school was opened in 2005 in Vancouver, British Columbia. It has two other schools in Canada and one in the United States.

The school uses a program known as the Arrowsmith Program. This program was created by Arrowsmith Young in 1978. She created it from exercises that she had created for herself in 1977. She has said that they helped her to overcome her own learning difficulties. Her own problems with learning disability are talked about in her 2012 book "The Woman Who Changed Her Brain". She says that her way of doing things is based on research into neuroplasticity. Her research suggests that the brain is always changing and rewiring itself. The program has been used into other public and private schools in Canada, the United States, Australia and New Zealand. Several cognitive psychologists and neuroscientists do not think is is a good program.

Barbara Arrowsmith Young founded the original Toronto school in 1980 with her and her then-husband, Joshua Cohen. They created it to teach learning disabled children. They taught the children by using the program and exercises that Arrowsmith Young had begun creating for herself in 1978. She said the program helped her to overcome her own learning difficulties. In Arrowsmith Young's 2012 book, "The Woman Who Changed Her Brain", she said she used her middle name for the school in honor of her paternal grandmother As a young girl, her grandmother had been one of the pioneer settlers of Creston, British Columbia. The Toronto school grew slowly over time. In 1991, she and Cohen chose to open a second school in Brooklyn, New York and stop using the school in Toronto.By 1994 the New York school had closed. The marriage of Arrowsmith Young and Cohen had also ended. She returned to Toronto and re-opened the school there.

The school later moved to its present location in the Forest Hill neighborhood of Toronto. Barbara Arrowsmith Young is still the director and owner of the school. She is also the owner and director of a second branch of the school in Peterborough, Ontario. It was opened in 2005. Both branches have had a growing numbers of students from outside Canada. This happened after Arrowsmith Young's 2012 speaking tour to New Zealand, Australia and the United Kingdom. This tour was for her to talk about her book "The Woman Who Changed Her Brain". In October 2012, about one third of the students the Peterborough branch were from other countries. Seven students were from Australia, one student was from the United Arab Emirates and one student was from the United States).

In 2005 Howard Eaton opened the Eaton Arrowsmith School in Vancouver. It is modelled on the Arrowsmith School in Toronto. The Eaton Arrowmith School opened branches in British Columbia at Victoria in 2009 and White Rock in 2012. Eaton opened a branch in the United States at Redmond, Washington. This school, the Eaton Arrowsmith Academy, opened in September 2014. Eaton is the owner and director of all four Eaton Arrowsmith schools.

In his 2008 book "The Brain That Changes Itself," Norman Doidge, a Canadian psychiatrist and psychoanalyst wrote an entire chapter about Arrowsmith Young and the Arrowsmith Program. In it he writes about Arrowsmith Young dealing with her learning disabilities and how she created the program. He also includes some small case histories of children and adults who he says were helped by the program. No actual data to support this was presented. He says that what she has done was "an important discovery." He also said that it had "major implications for education". However, he also says that the Arrowsmith Program has been controversial. There has been a large amount of doubt and criticism from several psychologists, neuroscientists and learning experts. The main reason for this is the lack of scientific evidence that the program does what it says it does. and on its underlying rationale which its critics say represents an oversimplification and misapplication of neuroscientific concepts.

In Canada, neuroscientist Adele Diamond and cognitive psychologist Linda Siegel were on a 2008 CBC documentary about the Arrowsmith program. It was filmed at the Arrowsmith School in Toronto. Siegel was very critical about the program. Part of what she said about the program was removed before it was broadcast after Arrowsmith Young's lawyers threatened the CBC with a lawsuit for libel. Siegel was wrote a 2003 report to the Vancouver School Board (VSB) about The Arrowsmith program. At the time, VSB was running a three-year trial of the program, Siegel's report had a large effect in the VSB's decision to end the program.

Jean-Yves Bilien

Jean-Yves Bilien is a French actor, director and producer of films, mainly documentaries born on November 23, 1958 in Paris. 

Jean-Yves Bilien was born in Paris on 23 november 1958 in the Parisian suburbs. He left school at the age of fifteen. He works as a courier, waiter, archivist or seller in the markets then works in a travel agency and meets who invites him to a gala organized by the professor Luc Montagnier, he meets Charles Pasqua who will become his faithful friend and help him to the production of his first documentary.

In 1984, he made his first professional actor debut then directed in 1986, his first short film. On the set of the film "" in 2001 , he met the actor Jason Statham then unknown at the time, who passed on his passion for cinema to him and pushed him to continue writing plays , script for television and cinema.

He then worked for more than 15 years as an actor, author, director and director and dedicated his work to research in the health field.

In 2011, he was crowned officer of Ordre des Arts et des Lettres. A year later, he directed "Les sacrifiés des ondes" with professor Luc Montagnier. In 2014, he directed the film "Cancer, Business Mortel" with , and then directed in 2018 a documentary on his friend Pierre Rabhi. In 2019, with a budget of €40,000, he co-produced the documentary "Enfant Hypersensible, un present pour l'avenir" featuring his friend .




Bucky Barnes

James Buchanan "Bucky" Barnes is a fictional character in comic books published by Marvel Comics. The character was first introduced as a sidekick to Captain America. The character was created by Joe Simon and Jack Kirby. He first appeared in "Captain America Comics" #1 (cover-dated March 1941). That comic was published by Marvel's predecessor, Timely Comics. Barnes' original costume (or one based on it) and the Bucky nickname has been used by other heroes in the Marvel Universe over the years. The character is an American Soldier turned Soviet spy and assassin. He was recruited to the U.S. Army during World War II after being a ward of the state. He fought alongside his best friend, Captain America, the "Sentinel of Liberty" and the Invaders, and together they helped the Allies win the war. Bucky was believed to be dead near the end of the war, only to have been found and brainwashed by the Soviets led by Vasily Karpov, who made him the Winter Soldier. He was sent on clandestine missions and committed some of the worst assassinations over the next 50 years. His memory was returned to him decades later and he became the new Captain America after Steve Rogers was seemingly murdered and also joined the Avengers. When Steve returned, he took up the identity of the Winter Soldier once again. The character has been a superhero, supervillain and a sidekick over the years.

The character is played by Romanian-American actor Sebastian Stan in the Marvel Cinematic Universe. He is in the movies "" (2011), "" (2014), "Ant-Man" (2015), "" (2016), "Black Panther" (2018), "" (2018) and "" (2019). He is also in the Disney+ miniseries "The Falcon and the Winter Soldier" (2021) and the animated series "What If...?" (2021). He has been announced to be in the upcoming movie,"Thunderbolts" (2024).

King George Street (song)

"King George Street" is a 1986 song by British band Squeeze. It is the fourth and final single from their sixth studio album "Cosi Fan Tutti Frutti" and did not chart worldwide.



Laurent Kupferman

Laurent Kupferman, born in Paris on , is a French writer, he is the son of the historian . He has written several works on Freemasonry and is himself a member of the Grand Orient de France. He is an officer of the . Since 2016, he has been the communications director of the Fédération Française Sésame Autisme.

Laurent Kupferman was born in Paris on January 19, 1966, he is the son of and the author Sigrid Kupferman, he studied general private law at the faculty of . In 1988, he founded the European Symphony Orchestra and joined as an advisor the cabinet of the Minister of Culture . then became a consultant at UNESCO. Being himself a member of the Grand Orient de France, he wrote various works on Freemasonry, some of which in collaboration with the lawyer Emmanuel Pierrat. He co-wrote with Jean-Louis Debré the book “3 minutes to understand the French Republic”. In 2022, he received the "special human rights prize" of the Prix Laïcité France from the hands of Jean-François Nys director of the Institute of Business Administration (IAE) accompanied by the minister and George Serignac grand master of the grand orient of France. In 2023, he wrote the documentary "Joséphine Baker, un destin français" directed by Dominique Eloudys-Lenys.

 is at the origin of the idea of ​​the pantheonization of the singer Joséphine Baker, Laurent Kupferman takes up this idea after his agreement. In 2021 he initiated the petition "Dare Joséphine Baker au Panthéon" and collected 40,000 signatures. This petition will be signed by several personalities including the photographer , the composer , the singer , the host and even the former minister , it will be accepted by the President of the French Republic Emmanuel Macron.




Adam Page

Stephen Blake Woltz (born July 27, 1991) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name "Hangman" Adam Page. He also wrestles for their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH).

Page is also known for his time wrestling New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). During his time in ROH and New Japan, Page was a member of the stable Bullet Club, a group of heel gaijin.

During his time in AEW, Page has been a one-time AEW World Champion and a one-time AEW World Tag Team Champion. Page is also a former two-time ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Champion.

On January 2, 2019, Page signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

On May 25, he made his AEW in-ring debut at Double or Nothing. Page debuted in the Casino Battle Royale and won the match after last eliminating MJF. He earned a AEW World Championship match at All Out. At All Out, Page was defeated by Chris Jericho.

On Night 2 of Chris Jericho's Rock 'N' Wrestling Rager at Sea Part Deux: Second Wave, Page teamed with his fellow Elite member Kenny Omega. The two defeated SoCal Uncensored (Frankie Kazarian and Scorpio Sky) to win the AEW Tag Team Championships, as well as Page's first championship in AEW. On the August 27 episode of "Dynamite", the Young Bucks kicked Page out of The Elite after Page stopped The Bucks from winning their match. At All Out, Page and Omega were defeated by FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) and lost the AEW Tag Team Championships. Page and Omega would both focus on their singles match after. Page and Omega would meet in the finals of a tournament to crown the next AEW World Champion. Omega would defeat Page in the finals at Full Gear.

The next few months saw The Dark Order (Evil Uno, Stu Grayson, Alex Reynolds and John Silver) trying to recruit Page and have him join their group. Page would team with The Dark Order to face Omega, the Young Bucks and the Good Brothers (Doc Gallows and Karl Anderson) in a 10-man tag team elimination match. They lost the match. If they would have won, they would have been given a shot at the World and Tag Team championships. After getting beatdown by Omega and his group, Page would take time off to be with his family after the birth of his son.

On the October 6 episode of "Dynamite", Page made his return by winning the Casino Ladder match and earning a shot at Omega's World Championship.

At Full Gear, Page was able to defeat Omega and win the AEW World Championship. The match was very well liked by fans and critics, with wrestling journalist Dave Meltzer giving the match a 5 1⁄2 star rating. Page received another 5-star match during his defense against Bryan Danielson at Winter Is Coming which ended in a 60 minute time limit draw. At Double or Nothing, Page would lose the title to CM Punk.


Karel Čapek

Karel Čapek (English: Charles Chapek; ) was a Czechoslovakian writer, who was the brother of Josef Čapek, an painter and a writer. Čapek first coined the word robot in 1920, through a drama called, R.U.R (Short for "Rossumov universal roboti" in Bohemian). The events in the first parts of the work take place in a factory where robots are produced. In this drama, robots seem to be like people, and they are like people in almost every way.




Ika Yuliana Rochmawati

Ika Yuliana Rochmawati is an Indonesian archer. She was born on 2 July 1989. Yuliana Rochmawati competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, 2012 Summer Olympics, and the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Suradi Rukimin

Suradi Rukimin is an Indonesian archer. He was born on 28 October 1959. Rukimin competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Nurfitriyana Saiman

Nurfitriyana Saiman-Lantang is a retired Indonesian archer. She was born on 7 March 1962. Saiman competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, 1992 Summer Olympics, and the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Jon Fosse

Jon Olav Fosse (born 29 September 1959 in Haugesund) is a Norwegian author, translator, and playwright. In 2023, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature.

Fosse has written more than seventy novels. He has also written poems, children's books, essays, and plays. His works have been translated into more than fifty languages.

Jon Fosse was born in 1959 in Haugesund, Rogaland county, and grew up in Strandebarm, Hardanger (a traditional district in Vestland). He started writing when he was about twelve years old. When he was a teenager, Fosse was interested in becoming a rock guitarist. When he no longer thought he would be a rock star, he could spend more time writing. 

Fosse studied comparative literature at the University of Bergen. His first novel, "Raudt, svart"" (Red, Black), was published in 1983. He earned a master's degree in comparative literature in 1987. It was also from the University of Bergen.

Fosse's first play, "Og aldri skal vi skiljast"" (And We'll Never Be Parted), was performed and published in 1994.

The novel "Septology", has 7 volumes, and they are published as 3 books; The first of those books, came out in 2019.
Fosse is the most performed Norwegian playwright after Henrik Ibsen.

In 2003, Fosse was made a chevalier of the Ordre national du Mérite of France.

In 2022, Fosse's novel "A New Name: Septology VI-VII"", translated into English by Damion Searls, was shortlisted for the International Booker Prize. The book was also a finalist for the 2023 National Book Critics Circle Award in Fiction.

In October 2023, Fosse was awarded the Nobel Prize in Literature. He is the third Norwegian to win it.


First Gentleman (Pakistan)

The First Gentleman of Pakistan is the husband of the serving Prime Minister of The Islamic Republic of Pakistan. The only person to be the First Gentleman is Asif Ali Zardari. He was married to the Prime Minister of Pakistan Benazir Bhutto

Franz Sedlacek

Franz Sedlacek (4 September 1892 in Vienna - 18 July 1933 in Vienna) was an Austrian football player and football coach.
Franz Sedlacek started playing football in the youth ranks of AC Viktoria Wien. Then he moved to Wiener AC. In the summer of 1910, during a foreign tour, serious differences arose between the players and the club management, which ultimately led to the departure of a number of players. In addition to established players such as Adolf Fischera or Richard Kohn, Sedlacek was also one of those who left the club The players founded the Vienna AF. The club was placed in the first division and took part in the first championship held in 1911.

After Sedlacek was a supplementary player in the first championship season, he was a regular player as from the 1912/13 season and ended this season as runner-up with the WAF. The next season they won the the championship title. In the following seasons, the Reds were able to position themselves among the top four clubs in Vienna, but were unable to win another championship title.

In May 1919, Sedlacek suffered a serious knee injury, which largely ended his career. He made comeback attempts at the WAF and at the WAC. There he made his last appearances in the 1920/21 relegation season before ending his active career.
He played eleven international matches for the Austrian national football team. He made his debut on 15 June 1913 in Vienna in a 2-0 victory over Italy. From 1915 to 1918, due to the war, ten games followed exclusively against the Hungarian national team, three of which were won and five lost; one ended in a draw and one game had to be abandoned when the score was 3:3. Sedlacek made his last appearance in a 2-0 defeat against Hungary on 2 June 2 1918 in Vienna.
After his active playing career Sedlacek became coach. His first job was at MTV Pirmasens. At the beginning of 1923 he moved to Italy and took over Vicenza Calcio. He then looked after Padua and AC Venice from October 1924 to 1926 . He then returned to Vienna and coached FK Austria Wien. In the 1927/28 season Sedlacek worked again in Italy, this time for Lazio Rom.

In February 1929 he took over the coaching position at the Polish first division team Garbarnia Kraków. After the two years in Krakow, Sedlacek worked temporarily for several Upper Silesian clubs before signing with Karlsruher FV in mid-1931. In 1933 the coach returned to his hometown where he signed a contract with his former club WAC. On the day of the planned first training session Sedlacek died of a stroke at the age of 40.

2080s

The 2080s is a decade in the Anno Domini and Common Era in the Gregorian calendar. It will begin on January 1, 2080 and end on December 31, 2089. It is distinct from the decade known as the 209th decade which will begin on January 1, 2081 and end on December 31, 2090.

2090s

The 2090s is a decade in the Anno Domini and Common Era in the Gregorian calendar. It will begin on January 1, 2090 and end on December 31, 2099. It is distinct from the decade known as the 210th decade which will begin on January 1, 2091 and end on December 31, 2100.

December 26, 2091 - 100th anniversary of the Dissolution of the Soviet Union.

Bleed the Freak

"Bleed the Freak" is a 1991 song by Alice in Chains. It is the third single from their debut studio album "Facelift". The single was released on vinyl format only.

Oissel

Oissel is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in north France.

Ricky Starks

Richard Starks (born February 21, 1990) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Ricky Starks. Starks is also known for his time wrestling in the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA).

During his time in AEW, Starks was the winner of the 2023 Owen Hart Cup. He was also a one-time AEW World Tag Team Champion and one-time FTW Champion, however the championship is unsanctioned which means that AEW doesn't officially recognize it or Stark's reign.

On the June 17, 2020 episode of "Dynamite", Starks made both his surprise AEW debut and his AEW in-ring debut. He answered Cody's AEW TNT Championship open challenge but was defeated. Afterwards, it was announced by AEW owner Tony Khan that Starks signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). On the "Dark", Starks defeated Griff Garrison and got his first win as a member of the AEW roster. 

Starks then joined Team Taz with Taz and Brian Cage. Will Hobbs would join later after attacking Cody and Darby Allin after their match. At Winter Is Coming, Starks teamed with Hobbs against Cody and Allin but lost. They would attack Cody and Allin after the match but the debuting Sting made the save.

On Night 1 of Fyter Fest, Hobbs hit Brian Cage with Cage's FTW Championship and kicked him out of the group. Starks pinned Cage to become the new FTW World Champion. This was Stark's first championship in AEW. However, the championship is unsanctioned and wasn't officially recognized by AEW. At Fight for the Fallen, Starks issued an open challenge for the FTW Championship. It was answered by Danhausen. After he beat Danhausen, Hook came out and answered the challenge. Starks would lose the title to Hook. Starks cut a promo after and turned face after getting attacked by his tag partner Hobbs.

On the December 7 episode of "Dynamite", Starks won the Dynamite Diamond Ring after eliminating Ethan Page last in the Dynamite Dozen Battle Royale. Starks challenged AEW World Champion MJF to a match at Winter is Coming. Starks would put up his Dynamite Diamond Ring and MJF would put up his championship in a Winner Takes All match. At Winter is Coming, Starks would lose the match and his ring.

Starks decided to enter the Owen Hart Foundation Men's Tournament. He would make it to the finals, defeating Juice Robinson and Powerhouse Hobbs in the first two rounds. On July 15 episode of "Collision", he defeated CM Punk to win the Owen Hart Cup.

On the October 7 episode of "Collision", Starks teamed with Big Bill. The two defeated FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) and won the AEW World Tag Team Championships.

On the February 7, 2024 episode of "Dynamite", Starks and Big Bill would lose the championships to Sting and Darby Allin.

Costa Masnaga

Costa Masnaga is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Barzio

Barzio is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Lombardy region in Italy.

All About That Bass

"All About That Bass" is a song by American singer-songwriter Meghan Trainor. Epic Records released it on June 30, 2014. The song was included on Trainor's debut extended play (EP), "Title" (2014), and her debut studio album of the same name (2015). The song was written by Trainor and her producer Kevin Kadish. "All About That Bass" is a pop, doo-wop and R&B song. Trainor struggled with her bad body image as a teenager. This inspired her to write the song to promote self-acceptance.

Some music critics praised "All About That Bass" production and message, while others called it a novelty song and said that it was bad that its lyrics were not helpful for every body type. The song was nominated for some awards, including Record of the Year and Song of the Year at the 57th Annual Grammy Awards. It was the best-selling song by a female singer during the 2010s in the United States, and was certified Diamond by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). It also reached number one in 58 countries and received multi-platinum certifications in Australia, Canada, Denmark, Italy, Mexico, New Zealand, Norway, Sweden, Spain, and the United Kingdom. It was the fourth best-selling song of 2014 with 11 million copies sold worldwide.

Fatima Robinson directed the song's music video. The video has 1950s-inspired aesthetics and a pink pastel background. The video was released on June 10, 2014, and helped the song become popular. "All About That Bass" inspired parodies and cover versions. Trainor sang the song on television shows such as "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon", Country Music Association Awards, and "The X Factor UK". She also included it on the set lists of her concert tours That Bass Tour and MTrain Tour (2015), and The Untouchable Tour (2016).

Ridgefield Park, New Jersey

Ridgefield Park is a village in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 census, 13,224 people lived there.

Loch Arbour, New Jersey

Loch Arbour is a village on the Jersey Shore in Monmouth County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2020 census, 224 people lived there.

Georgia Stanway

Georgia Marie Stanway (born 3 January 1999), is a professional football player from England. She plays as an attacking midfielder for Bayern Munich, a team in the Frauen-Bundesliga league, and she represents the England national football team. In 2016, she was a nominee for the BBC Young Sports Personality of the Year award, and in 2017, she was also nominated for the PFA Women's Young Player of the Year award. In June 2018, she was chosen to be part of the UEFA Women's Champions League squad of the season. In 2019, she received the PFA Women's Young Player of the Year award.

Bogota, New Jersey

Bogota is a borough in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2020 United States census, 8,778 people lived here.

Hello World (Belle Perez song)

"Hello World" is a 1999 song by Belgian singer Belle Perez and is the title track from her debut studio album "Hello World". It went to number 84 in the Netherlands, number 42 in New Zealand, number 31 in Italy and number 56 in Belgium.



Closter, New Jersey

Closter is a borough in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. As of the 2020 United States census, 8,594 people lived here.

Emerson, New Jersey

Emerson is a borough in Bergen County, in the U.S. state of New Jersey. Emerson is the most southern municipality in an area of the county known as the Pascack Valley. As of the 2020 United States census, 7,290 people lived here.

Hillsdale, New Jersey

Hillsdale is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 census, 10,143 people lived here.

Dear Future Husband

"Dear Future Husband" is a song by American singer-songwriter Meghan Trainor. It was included on "Title", her 2014 extended play, and later on her 2015 studio album of the same name. Trainor wrote the song with its producer, Kevin Kadish. Epic Records released "Dear Future Husband" as the album's third single on March 17, 2015. A doo-wop and pop /R&B song, it has lyrics about chivalry and dating. In the song, Trainor lists things a possible romantic suitor needs to do to win her love.

Some music critics praised the playful nature of "Dear Future Husband" and compared its lyrics to different Trainor songs, while others were negative about the portrayal of gender roles in its lyrics. In the United States, the song reached number 14 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was certified 3× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. It reached the top 10 in Australia, the Netherlands, Poland, South Africa, and Venezuela and received multi-platinum certifications in Australia and Canada.

Fatima Robinson directed the music video for "Dear Future Husband", which depicts Trainor baking pies in the kitchen and scrubbing floors while various men audition to be her partner. It garnered controversy and online criticism over allegations of antifeminism and sexism. Trainor performed the song on television shows such as the iHeartRadio Music Awards, "The Voice", and "Today" and included it on the set lists of her concert tours That Bass Tour (2015), MTrain Tour (2015), and the Untouchable Tour (2016).

Englewood Cliffs, New Jersey

Englewood Cliffs is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 census, 5,342 people lived here.

Fairview, New Jersey

Fairview is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 census, 15,025 people lived here.

Sail-sous-Couzan

Sail-sous-Couzan is a commune in the Loire department in central France.

Lauren James

Lauren Elizabeth James (born 29 September 2001) is an English professional footballer who plays as a forward for the Chelsea Women's Super League team and also represents the England women's national team. She is of Grenadian and Dominican descent through her father, and English descent through her mother. She attended Whitton School in Whitton, London.

Like I'm Gonna Lose You

"Like I'm Gonna Lose You" is a song by American singer-songwriter Meghan Trainor from her debut major-label studio album "Title" (2015), featuring guest vocals from John Legend. Trainor wrote the song with Justin Weaver and Caitlyn Smith, and produced it with Chris Gelbuda. Epic Records released it as the album's fourth single on June 23, 2015. A soul love ballad, "Like I'm Gonna Lose You" is about moments spent with loved ones and not taking them for granted.

Critics praised Trainor's vocals and the song's composition, but some thought its mellow style did not suit her. In the United States, "Like I'm Gonna Lose You" reached number eight on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was certified 4× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. It peaked at number one in Australia, New Zealand, and Poland, and got 5× Platinum certifications in Australia and Canada.

Constellation Jones directed the music video for "Like I'm Gonna Lose You", featuring Trainor singing in a candlelit room on a rainy night while people in relationships are shown interacting with their loved ones. Trainor performed the song on television shows such as the "Billboard" Music Awards, "Jimmy Kimmel Live!", and the American Music Awards, and included it on the set lists of her concert tours That Bass Tour (2015), MTrain Tour (2015), and The Untouchable Tour (2016).

Windows CE 5.0

Windows CE 5.0 (codename "Macallan") is the third release of the Windows CE .NET family. It was first released on July 9 2004. Windows CE 5.0 was promoted as a low-cost, small, fast-to-market, real-time operating system. It was available for x86, ARM, MIPS and SuperH based systems.

Windows CE 5.0 versions are the base for Windows Mobile 6.0, 6.1 and 6.5.

Pau FC

Pau FC is a football club which plays in France.


2023 Sikkim flash floods

On 4 October 2023, there were heavy rains in Sikkim, India. Due to this rain, a lake on the Lhonak glacier overflowed, which created a big flood. This flood that started at around 1:30 am in the night rushed towards the Teesta III Dam in Chungthang which was the biggest hydropower project in Sikkim and broke it in the middle of the night, before the dam's gates could be opened. As a result, the water in the Teesta River downstream rose a lot, as much as twenty feet in some places. This caused a lot of damage in the area and areas in the surrounding particularly in West Bengal were also affected.

Around 40 people were killed, while 26 others were injured and 102 others, including 23 army personnel, were reported missing of whom 1 soldier was rescued"(saved from danger)" and was said to be in stable condition.

In West Bengal's Jalpaiguri district, two people lost their lives, and six others got hurt when they attempted to touch a mortar that was floating in the river. The mortar was likely been carried away by the sudden floods in Sikkim.

Lips Are Movin

"Lips Are Movin" is a song by American singer-songwriter Meghan Trainor from her debut major-label studio album, "Title" (2015). It was written by Trainor and the album's producer, Kevin Kadish. Epic Records released the song to United States contemporary hit radio stations on October 21, as the second single from "Title". A retro-tinged pop, doo-wop and R&B song with girl-group harmonies and bubblegum pop hooks, "Lips Are Movin" was inspired by Trainor's conflict with her record label. However, critical commentary has described it as a song about Trainor leaving her significant other after discovering he is cheating on her.

Critics drew similarities between the song's style and that of Trainor's debut single, "All About That Bass" (2014). Some said the song was catchy, while others criticized its lyrics. In the United States, "Lips Are Movin" reached number 4 on the " Billboard" Hot 100 and was certified quadruple platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). It received platinum or multi-platinum certifications in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, and the United Kingdom, and reached the top 10 on their charts among others.

Philip Andelman directed the music video for "Lips Are Movin", which was commissioned by the technology company Hewlett-Packard. The first-ever music video created entirely by social media influencers, it portrays behind-the-scenes events of a video shoot. Trainor performed "Lips Are Movin" on televised shows such as "Today", "The Voice", and "[Dancing with the Stars", and included it on the set lists for three of her concert tours: 2015's That Bass Tour and MTrain Tour and 2016's the Untouchable Tour.

Feed My Frankenstein

"Feed My Frankenstein" is a 1991 song by originally released by British hard rock band Zodiac Mindwarp and the Love Reaction for their second studio album "Hoodlum Thunder". It was covered by Alice Cooper for his album "Hey Stoopid". It went to number 27 in the United States and was featured in the 1992 movie "Wayne's World".

Pseudophilautus nasutus

The snouted bubble-nest frog or sharp-nosed bush frog ("Pseudophilautus nasutus") is a frog. It lived in India and Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in the Western Ghat mountains.

This frog is extinct. All the frogs in this species are dead.

The adult male frog was 17.4 mm long from nose to rear end. Scientists are not sure why these frogs all died. They think it was human beings changed the places where the frog lived.

Stade René Gaillard

Stade René Gaillard is a football stadium in Niort, France and is the home stadium of Chamois Niortais. It has a capacity of 11,352 people and was opened on 3 August 1974.

The record attendance at the stadium is 16,715 for the game between Chamois Niortais and Olympique Marseille in 1988.


Marans, Maine-et-Loire

Marans is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Segré-en-Anjou Bleu.

Montguillon

Montguillon is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Segré-en-Anjou Bleu.

Noyant-la-Gravoyère

Noyant-la-Gravoyère is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Segré-en-Anjou Bleu.

Nyoiseau

Nyoiseau is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Segré-en-Anjou Bleu.

Sainte-Gemmes-d'Andigné

Sainte-Gemmes-d'Andigné is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Segré-en-Anjou Bleu.

Saint-Martin-du-Bois, Maine-et-Loire

Saint-Martin-du-Bois is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Segré-en-Anjou Bleu.

Saint-Sauveur-de-Flée

Saint-Sauveur-de-Flée is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 15 December 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Segré-en-Anjou Bleu. In 2019, 319 people lived there.

Segré-en-Anjou Bleu

Segré-en-Anjou Bleu is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. The municipality was created on 15 December 2016 and consists of the former communes of Aviré, Le Bourg-d'Iré, La Chapelle-sur-Oudon, Châtelais, La Ferrière-de-Flée, L'Hôtellerie-de-Flée, Louvaines, Marans, Montguillon, Noyant-la-Gravoyère, Nyoiseau, Sainte-Gemmes-d'Andigné, Saint-Martin-du-Bois, Saint-Sauveur-de-Flée and Segré (the seat).

Christopher Madel

Christopher Madel (born 1966) is an American attorney, known as the founding partner at Madel PA. He has previously served as a trial attorney for U.S. Department of Justice.

Madel was born in Waseca, Minnesota, in 1966. He received his early education from Waseca High School before graduating from Macalester College in 1989. He received his Juris Doctor from the University of Michigan Law School in 1992.

Madel started his career at Winthrop & Weinstine in 1992 and presented his first jury trial five months after receiving his license to practice law. Madel is the former chairman of the Business Litigation Department and member of the executive board of the law firm, Robins Kaplan LLP. In March 2017, he left Robins Kaplan LLC and started his own law firm, Madel PA.








Beaufort-en-Anjou

Beaufort-en-Anjou is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2016 and consists of the former communes of Beaufort-en-Vallée (the seat) and Gée.

Kerry W. Kirby

Kerry William Kirby is an American businessman, entrepreneur, software designer, and philanthropist, best known as the founder and CEO of multinational technology company 365 Connect, a software-as-a-service (SaaS) provider that serves the multifamily housing industry. 

Kirby was born in New Orleans, Louisiana to parents Kenneth and Virginia Kirby. He attended Tulane University where he studied business management.

Kirby founded 365 Connect in 2003 and serves as its CEO. Kirby has built the firm from a small start-up to a highly recognized award-winning multinational technology company. The software-as-service (SaaS) platform provides automated marketing, leasing, and resident service platforms for the multifamily housing industry. Prior to founding "365 Connect", Kirby worked in the multifamily housing industry developing apartment communities across the Southern United States. Kirby’s eye for finding building sites with incredible locations was his formula to create an array of successful ventures. It was through his work as a developer that he saw the need to provide technology services to properties. 

In 2007, Kirby launched a podcast with property management expert, Ernest F. Oriente. The podcast has received multiple global awards, drawing millions of listeners from around the world. 

In 2017, Kirby purchased the a rental housing search engine, uCribs, from a London-based investment group dedicated to the apartments located near the universities. Kirby revamped the search engine, receiving multiple awards for his efforts. 

In 2018, Kirby launched an integration with Uber which created one-click ride reservations directly from an apartment community’s website. 

In 2019, Kirby launched the multifamily housing industry’s first WCAG certified platform to allow for people with disabilities to access a full suite of services to find, apply, and reside in rental housing.

In 2020, Kirby launched an AI powered livestream tour bot called Digi.Lease. The bot gathers leads, schedules tours and livestreams video between property managers and prospective renters.

In 2023, Kirby developed a unique system for people to apply for apartments online. The system manages inventory, verifies identity, calculates income qualification, builds, and delivers leasing for signature, utilizing intelligent automation. 

Kirby has received multiple awards, including the Louisiana Governor’s Technology Award, Multifamily Innovation Bootstrapper Award and Titan Entrepreneur Award. He has been placed on Silicon Bayou's 100 list of most influential entrepreneurs for his work in the technology industry and 365 Connect.

Kirby serves on the Board of Advisors of Rainbow, a national nonprofit organization that provides service-enriched housing programs for affordable housing communities across the United States. He is also Chair of Technology Initiatives for the Multifamily Innovation Advisory Council, a members-only group, focused on assisting owners and operators of multifamily communities identify pain points and advancing innovative that will drive change across the industry. 

Kirby and his wife Melinda are highly recognized fixtures in the philanthropic community and were honored with a "Communitas International Award" for their dedication to humanitarian, educational, healthcare, and equality programs. They have been a longtime supporters of the National Kidney Foundation in Louisiana, Electric Girls, a non-profit STEM program for girls age 5-18y, ChildHelp, a national non-profit dedicated to the prevention and treatment of child abuse, and STARC of Louisiana, a non-profit organization centered on providing programs for individuals with disabilities.

Beaufort-en-Vallée

Beaufort-en-Vallée is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Beaufort-en-Anjou.

Gée

Gée is a former commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Beaufort-en-Anjou.

Myztro

Tshiamiso Sekowe is a South African DJ and music producer professionally known as Myztro, he rose to fame after the release of "Emcimbini", "Dipatje tsa Felo" and "66", the latter certified Multi-Platinum by the Recording Industry of South Africa (RiSA).

Myztro was born and raised in Soshanguve, he is the biological brother of South African DJ and record producer DJ Maphorisa.

Tamale, Ghana

Tamale is the capital city of the Tamale Metropolitan Area and Northern Region in Ghana. It is the third largest city in Ghana. About 700,000 people live there. Most people are Muslims and Dagombas.

Narges Mohammadi

Narges Mohammadi (; born 21 April 1972) is an Iranian human rights activist and scientist. She is the Vice-President of the . In 2016, she was sentenced to prison in Tehran for her activism for human rights and against the death penalty in the country. She was released in 2020, however was sent back in 2021. In 2023, she was awarded the Nobel Peace Prize.

Mohammadi was born on 21 April 1972 in Zanjan, Iran. She earned a degree in physics at the Imam Khomeini International University in Qazvin and is an engineer.

In 1999, she married a journalist, Taghi Rahmani, and they have two children. At university, she was also active in a mountain climbing group. Because of her love of mountains she organized clubs and trips to the mountain and learned about mountain climbing and mountaineering. Later, she was stopped from being in climbs due to her political activities. 

She is the vice president of the Defenders of Human Rights Centre (DHRC) started by Shirin Ebadi. She has worked for women's rights and the ending of the death penalty. She had been imprisoned because of political oppression (poor treatment). In 2023, she won the Nobel Peace Prize for "her fight against the oppression of women in Iran and her fight to promote human rights and freedom for all". Mohammadi has been a strong supporter of women not obeying the government. She has also spoken against the Iranian government's forcing girls and women to wear a hijab in public. She has attacked the hijab and the chastity program of 2023. As a journalist she wrote for publications such as "Payam-e Hajar". This journal was banned because it published articles about gender rights, religion and political opinions. She also wrote political essays such as The Reforms, The Strategy and The Tactics.

Mohammadi was first arrested in 1998 because she said bad things about the Iranian government. She spent a year in prison, then. In April 2010, she was taken to the Islamic Revolutionary Court for her membership in the DHRC. She was released for a short period on a US$50,000 bail but arrested again some days later and held at Evin Prison. Mohammadi's health got worse while she was in prison, and she got a disease similar to epilepsy: sometimes, she loses muscle control. After a month, she was released and allowed to get medical treatment. 

In July 2011 she was taken to court again and found guilty of "acting against the national security, membership of the DHRC and propaganda against the [government]." In September 2011 she was sentenced to 11 years' imprisonment. She said that she was told of the court's decision only by her lawyers. She had been "given an unprecedented (never before used) 23-page judgement (sentencing decision) issued by the court in which they repeatedly likened my human rights activities to attempts to topple the regime." In March 2012, the sentence was reduced to six years by an appeals court. On 26 April, she was arrested to begin her sentence. The sentence was protested by the British Foreign Office, which called it "another sad example of the Iranian authorities' attempts to silence brave human rights defenders." In July 2012, an international group of lawmakers called for her release, including US Senator Mark Kirk, former Canadian Attorney General Irwin Cotler, UK MP Denis MacShane, Australian MP Michael Danby, Italian MP Fiamma Nirenstein, and Lithuanian MP Emanuelis Zingeris. On 31 July 2012, Mohammadi was released from prison. 

In May 2016, she was sentenced in Tehran to 16 years' imprisonment for setting up and running "a human rights movement that campaigns for the abolition of the death penalty." She was let out in 2020 but sent back to prison in 2021, where she has since given reports of the abuse and solitary confinement of women prisoners. Amnesty International said she was a prisoner of conscience and called for her immediate release. Reporters Without Borders issued an appeal on Mohammadi's behalf on the ninth anniversary of photographer Zahra Kazemi's death in Evin Prison, stating that Mohammadi was a prisoner whose life was "in particular danger."

In January 2024, the Iranian government extended her jail sentence of 12 years for 'spreading propaganda'.

Awards received by Mohammadi:

In 2010, when Nobel Peace laureate Shirin Ebadi won the Felix Ermacora Human Rights Award she dedicated it to Mohammadi. "This courageous woman deserves this award more than I do," Ebadi said.

Monferran-Plavès

Monferran-Plavès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Monferran-Savès

Monferran-Savès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ludwig Forrer

Ludwig Forrer (9 February 1845 – 28 September 1921) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council (1902–1917). Forrer was born in Islikon.

He was elected to the Swiss Federal Council on 11 December 1902 and handed over office on 31 December 1917. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party.

During his office time he held the following departments:
He was President of the Confederation twice in 1906 and 1912.


Monfort

Monfort is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Mongausy

Mongausy is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Monguilhem

Monguilhem is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


ABBA Voyage

ABBA Voyage is a concert event in London. The shows uses technology to create computer-generated versions of the members of ABBA who perform their songs.

Visual effects are used to show projections of people who look like the members of ABBA, as they are doing a music performance.

It began in May 2022 and is due to end in November 2024.

Diva

Diva is the Latin word for goddess. It is also used to describe a woman of talent who often has a dramatic or demanding personality. Celebrities sometimes described as divas include singers Beyoncé, Mariah Carey, Madonna, Cher, Diana Ross, Tina Turner and Whitney Houston.

Monlaur-Bernet

Monlaur-Bernet is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


New York State Executive Mansion

The New York State Executive Mansion is a historic U.S. residence and is the official residence of the governor of New York and the state's first family. It is located at 138 Eagle Street in Albany, New York and it has been the residence of every governor of the state since 1875.

The building was constructed in 1856 as a private home in the Italianate style for banker Thomas Olcott. During the 1860s, the residence was remodeled many times by the second owner Robert L. Johnson. Samuel Tilden became the first governor to reside in the house when he rented it in 1875, and the state purchased it two years later.

After a fire in 1961, Governor Nelson Rockefeller fought for restoration and was instrumental in getting the mansion named to the National Register of Historic Places. In the early 1980s, the Executive Mansion Preservation Society was established to coordinate restoration of the home. Inmates from state prisons once staffed the mansion.

Many governors over the years have changed the mansion. Theodore Roosevelt had a gymnasium constructed during his stay. Franklin D. Roosevelt installed a swimming pool in 1932. Mario Cuomo had the pool restored during his term in office. 

Al Smith had a zoo built, and Nelson Rockefeller added the mansion's tennis courts. Twenty-nine governors had used the building on a mostly full-time basis until Governor George Pataki.

Free guided tours of the Executive Mansion are given on Thursdays from September to June at 12:00, 1:00, and 2:00 p.m. by reservation only. Tours for school groups are also offered.

Monlezun

Monlezun is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Monlezun-d'Armagnac

Monlezun-d'Armagnac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Monpardiac

Monpardiac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Montadet

Montadet is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Montamat

Montamat is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Montaut, Gers

Montaut is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Montaut-les-Créneaux

Montaut-les-Créneaux is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Mont-d'Astarac

Mont-d'Astarac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Mont-de-Marrast

Mont-de-Marrast is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Montégut, Gers

Montégut is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Montégut-Arros

Montégut-Arros is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Montégut-Savès

Montégut-Savès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Montesquiou

Montesquiou is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Montestruc-sur-Gers

Montestruc-sur-Gers is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


No (song)

"No" (written in capital letters) is a song by American singer-songwriter Meghan Trainor from her second major-label studio album, "Thank You" (2016). Ricky Reed produced the song and wrote it with Trainor and Jacob Kasher Hindlin; Epic Records released it as the album's lead single on March 4, 2016. A dance-pop song inspired by 1990s pop music and R&B, "No" has lyrics about sexual consent and empowerment, encouraging women to reject unwanted advances from men.

Music critics praised "No" as a showcase of Trainor's confident and mature side and deemed it an improvement from her earlier songs. In the United States, the song reached number three on the "Billboard" Hot100 and was certified 2× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. It also reached the top 10 in Australia, Canada, Austria, Israel, Latvia, South Africa, and Scotland, attaining multi-platinum certifications in the former two and Poland.

Fatima Robinson directed the music video for "No", which features Trainor performing choreographed dances in a warehouse and entwining her arms with accompanying female dancers. Critics compared it to the visuals of various 1990s female recording artists and praised her creative evolution, particularly the choreography. In further promotion, Trainor performed "No" on television shows such as the iHeartRadio Music Awards, "The Ellen DeGeneres Show", and the "Billboard" Music Awards, and included it on the set list of her 2016 concert tour, The Untouchable Tour.

Me Too (song)

"Me Too" is a song by American singer-songwriter Meghan Trainor from her second major-label studio album, "Thank You" (2016). Trainor wrote the song with Jacob Kasher Hindlin, Jason Derulo, Peter Svensson, and its producer, Ricky Reed. Epic Records released it as the album's second single on May 5, 2016. An electro and R&B song with a simple musical bed of a synth bassline, finger snaps, and popping mouth sounds, "Me Too"'s lyrics are about loving yourself, and Trainor says she is confident about her looks.

Music critics found the lyrics of "Me Too" difficult to relate to and Trainor's confidence fake, but some of them praised the track's production. In the United States, the song peaked at number 13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and was certified 3× Platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America. It reached the top 10 and received 4× Platinum certifications in Australia and Canada.

Hannah Lux Davis directed the music video for "Me Too", showing Trainor partying in a car and travelling through Los Angeles before joining her backup dancers to film a dance. Shortly after its release, the video was removed after she noticed it had been changed to make her waist look smaller; it was reuploaded the next day. Trainor fell while performing the song on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon", which some thought was for attention. She sang "Me Too" again on television shows such as "Good Morning America" and "The Today Show", and included it in the set list of her concert tour The Untouchable Tour (2016).

Edi Finger

Eduard “Edi” Finger (born 29 January 1924 Klagenfurt - 12 April 1989 in Maria Enzersdorf ) was an Austrian sports journalist , and football and general sports commentator .

Eduard “Edi” Finger was born in 1924, the son of Gottfried and Josefine Finger. His father was a day labourer, sometimes employed as a bricklayer, sometimes as a construction manager. In the interwar period of fascism, Gottfried Finger was considered politically unreliable and was not even employed in the construction of the . Josefine Finger had to support the family. She received a weekly wage of 15 shillings for hauling heavy mortar containers. Despite the meager family income, Edi went to the Higher Federal Trade School in Klagenfurt , specializing in electrical engineering. He graduated in 1943,  in the middle of the Second World War .  His father Gottfried was taken to a hospital in Graz in the winter of 1942, with kidney inflammation, where he died. 

Edi Finger moved to Vienna and enrolled at the . 

He was a goalkeeper in the SK Austria Klagenfurt youth football team. In 1942, he suffered a torn ligament and a torn meniscus as well as an overstretching of the collateral ligament . For him, that meant the end of the goalkeeper career. 

Ferdinand Lube, the sports club youth leader at the time, who wrote sports reports for the "Kleine Zeitung", suggested Edi Finger, who was working for the Mining Union at the time, as his successor. Finger was denounced, and was drafted into military service despite his football injury. According to his own statements, he “ acted as stupid and clumsy as the ‘ good soldier Schwejk ’”, so that he returned from the last months of the war relatively safe and sound. 

After his first attempts at print journalism at the "Kleine Zeitung" , Finger, back in his native Klagenfurt, was approached by Roman Ritter, a former footballer who had founded the "Kärntner Illustrierte" in 1945 with the approval of the British occupying forces. During this time he was also involved with the Red Falcons . 

In 1946, the "British Troops Austria," installed the "Alpenland broadcasting group", and were looking for talented young sports reporters. Finger, who went there to apply, found himself surrounded by unemployed actors, older journalist colleagues and war veterans . Gerdi Springer , a former ice hockey player on the Austrian national team and later well-known football coach, encouraged him to stay. He then became a commentator for the game between Waidmannsdorf and Annabichl "(Annabichler Sportverein, ASV)" for five minutes and was appointed to fill in. Two months later, Finger was ordered by the British officer in charge to the Mallnitz ski championships to comment on the first broadcast by the Alpenland station.  This marked the beginning of his 42-year sports reporting career.

In 1951, Finger moved to Vienna as a full-time reporter .He became head of the radio sports department at ; Between 1954 and 1964, he was the first TV reporter and TV sports director . He built up the sports department and moderated the first direct TV sports broadcasts: In 1956, Finger became the first live television broadcast, from a soccer match, when Brazil beat the hosts 3-2 in Vienna. He reported on this event by saying that he "squatted low on the green grass" so as not to "get in the way of the camera." From 1967, Finger was head of the ORF radio sports department. 

Along with Heribert Meisel , Edi Finger senior was one of the two most popular Austrian football reporters in the 1950s and 1960s. 

In 1978, he reported on the , which was an Austrian upset. 

In 1979, he suffered a heart attack. He retired. On April 12, 1989 after another heart attack, Edi Finger died at his home in Maria Enzersdorf.

Merate

Merate is a "comune" of 14,872 people in the Province of Lecco, in the northern Italian region of Lombardy.

Santa Maria Hoè

Santa Maria Hoè is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Lombardy region in Italy.

San Benedetto Po

San Benedetto Po is a "comune" in the Province of Mantua in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Curtatone

Curtatone is a city in northern Italy. Curtatone is in the Lombardy Region. About 15,000 people live there.

Marcaria

Marcaria is a "comune" in the Province of Mantua in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Gazoldo degli Ippoliti

Gazoldo degli Ippoliti is a "comune" in the Province of Mantua in the Lombardy region in Italy. It is about east of Milan and about west of Mantua.

Gulen

Gulen or Gülen can be




Don Snow (keyboardist)

Don Snow (born 12 February 1956 in London, England) is a British vocalist and multi-instrumentalist, who plays the keyboards, synthesizer, piano, guitar, bass guitar, drums and saxophone. He is primarily known for his work with the new wave bands The Sinceros, Squeeze, and the Catch, as well as Siouxsie and the Banshees. He has also frequently toured with Paul Weller and has played the keyboards, synthesizer and piano on three of his albums.

My Kind of Woman/My Kind of Man

"My Kind of Woman/My Kind of Man" is a 1999 song by country singers Vince Gill and Patty Loveless. It was taken from Gill's eighth studio album "The Key" and Loveless' second compilation album "Classics". It went to number 27 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 22 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks charts.

Phantasmarana

Phantasmarana is a group of frogs in the family Hylodidae. These frogs live in Brazil, in the Atlantic Forest.

These frogs live in fast-flowing rivers. Scientists can't catch them easily. They jump into the water. These frogs have long, fanglike teeth. This might be because they eat small animals with bones as well as insects and other animals without bones. The tadpoles swim in the water. "Phantasmarana" are large frogs. Adults can be as long as from nose to rear end.

The genus has the name "Phantasmarana" ("phantom frog") because the wild frogs are so rare and hard to catch. It also has this name because the frogs do not sing or call with their voices. Instead, they make strange noises. Members of "Phantasmarana" were formerly placed in "Megaelosia". "Phantasmarana" is thought to be the sister genus to "Hylodes".

There are eight species:

Jafar Ahmadi

Jafar Ahmadi (born December 6, 1984) is an Iranian kickboxer fighting in the heavyweight division.
He previously fought for K-1. 


Federated Malay States

The Federated Malay State was a federation of four protected states in the Malay Peninsula - Selangor, previously had British Malaya, comprising eleven state that existed from since 1895 Malaysia was formed when Malaya united with North Borneo and Sarawak.

Phantasmarana massarti

The Brazilian big-tooth frog ("Phantasmarana massarti") is a frog. It lives in Sao Paulo in Brazil.

Phantasmarana jordanensis

The Jordan button frog ("Phantasmarana jordanensis") is a frog. It lives in Sao Paulo in Brazil.

Phantasmarana lutzae

Lutz's big-tooth frog ("Phantasmarana lutzae") is a frog. It lives in Rio de Janeiro in Brazil.

Phantasmarana tamuia

Phantasmarana tamuia is a frog. It lives in São Paulo in Brazil.

Legion of Super-Heroes

The Legion of Super-Heroes is a fictional superhero team in the 30th and 31st centuries of the DC Comics universe. The team first appears in "Adventure Comics" #247 (April 1958), and was created by Otto Binder and Al Plastino.

Initially, the team was closely associated with the original Superboy (Superman when he was a teenager), and was first portrayed as a group of time travelers who frequently visited him. In later years, the Legion's origin and back story were fleshed out, and the group was given prominence on par with Superboy's in a monthly comic. Eventually, Superboy was removed altogether, except as an occasional guest star.

The team has undergone two major reboots during its publication. The original version was replaced with a new rebooted version following the events of "Zero Hour" in 1994 and another rebooted team was introduced in 2004. A fourth version of the team, nearly identical to the original version, was introduced in 2007.

Captain Cold

Leonard Snart, called Captain Cold, is a made-up character and a big enemy in the DC Comics universe. He is one of the bad guys in the Flash stories, along with Zoom. 

He is one of Flash/Barry Allen's main enemies, along with Gorilla Grodd and Professor Zoom. Also, he is one of Flash/Wally West's main enemies, along with Vandal Savage, Abra Kadabra, and Zoom. He leads a group called the Rogues and is the older brother of Lisa Snart. He is also called the Golden Glider.

The character changed a lot from comics to other stuff like TV shows and video games. Wentworth Miller played Captain Cold in The CW's Arrowverse shows, The Flash and Legends of Tomorrow. In 2009, IGN said Captain Cold was the 27th best bad guy in comic books.

Phantasmarana apuana

Phantasmarana apuana is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais in Brazil.

Hendra Setijawan

Hendra Setijawan is an Indonesian archer. He was born on 20 April 1970. Setijawan competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Phantasmarana bocainensis

The Bocaina big-tooth frog ("Phantasmarana bocainensis") is a frog. It lives in São Paulo in Brazil.

Atom (character)

The Atom is the name of several fictional characters and superheroes owned by DC Comics. They have the power to shrink in size. The first was Albert "Al" Pratt. The most well-known character to use the name is the second version, Dr. Ray Palmer. Two later versions were Adam Cray and Dr. Ryan Choi. They are supporting characters in animated series and comics, "".

The first Atom, Al Pratt, was created by Ben Flinton and Bill O'Connor. Ray Palmer was created by Julius Schwartz, Gardner Fox and Gil Kane.

Leane Suniar

Leane Suniar was an Indonesian archer. She was born on 4 February 1948 and died on 21 November 2021. Suniar competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Kusuma Wardhani

Kusuma Wardhani is a retired Indonesian archer. She was born on 20 February 1964. Wardhani competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Phantasmarana boticariana

Phantasmarana boticariana is a frog. It lives in São Paulo in Brazil. Scientists think it may live in Minas Gerais as well.

Phantasmarana curucutuensis

Phantasmarana curucutuensis is a frog. It lives in São Paulo in Brazil.

Appraisal

An appraisal is a formal and impartial estimate or opinion of value. An appraisal is just one person’s estimate of value, but that person may be an expert on the issue in question. 

Appraisers do not determine market value: they collect and analyze market information and express an estimate of market value. 

Only the real market, buyers, sellers, and other participants, fix the actual market value. The real estate market is neither consistent nor unchangeable. It is dynamic, with a variety of forces affecting supply and demand. The appraiser does not give absolutely precise opinion of value.

Sammy Guevara

Samuel Guevara (born July 28, 1993) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Sammy Guevara. Due to AEW's working relationship with them, Guevara also wrestles for Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA).

During his time in AEW, Guevara has been a three-time AEW TNT Champion.

On February 7, 2019, Guevara signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). At Double or Nothing, Guevara made his AEW in-ring debut. He lost to by Kip Sabian. At Fight for the Fallen, Guevara teamed with MJF and Shawn Spears to defeat Darby Allin, Jimmy Havoc and Joey Janela.

On the October 2 debut episode of "Dynamite", Guevara attacked Cody after their match along with AEW World Champion Chris Jericho. Guevara would join the debuting Jake Hager, Santana and Ortiz, and Jericho in a beatdown later in the night. They would called their stable The Inner Circle.

At Full Gear, MJF and Wardlow joined The Inner Circle. Guevara didn't like this. He said that he would leave the group if MJF did anything to cause tension in the group. On the February 10, 2021 episode of "Dynamite", Guevara attacked MJF and left the group. On the March 10 episode of "Dynamite", Guevara returned and showed a video of MJF in the locker room trying to get Hager, Santana, and Ortiz to betray Jericho. The three would instead turn on MJF and Jericho kicked him out of the group.

On the September 29 episode of "Dynamite", Guevara won the AEW TNT Championship after defeating Miro. This was Guevara's first championship in AEW. On December 25 at Holiday Bash, Guevara would lose the championship to Cody Rhodes.


Ulrick Eneme Ella

Ulrick Brad Eneme Ella (born 22 May 2001) is a Gabonese-French football player. He plays as a forward for Angers and the Gabon national team.


Revel, Haute-Garonne

Revel is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Haute-Garonne department in southwest France. In 2020, 9,652 people lived there.

The inhabitants are known as Revélois and Revéloises.

Revel is best known for two products: furniture, and a mint liqueur named Get 27, which was made in the town since the 18th century.

Revel is east of Toulouse. Other nearby towns are Carcassonne and Castelnaudary to the south, Castres to the east, and Albi to the northeast.


Western Stars (song)

"Western Stars" is a 2019 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the title track to his 19th studio album "Western Stars". It went to number 87 in Ireland, number 4 in Portugal and number 41 on the Billboard Hot Rock & Alternative chart.

Rain (Dragon song)

"Rain" is a 1983 song by New Zealand group Dragon and is the first single from their seventh studio album "Body and the Beat". It went to number 2 in Australia and number 88 in the United States.

Jungle Boy

Jack Perry (born June 16, 1997) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He wrestles under his real name and has also been known by his old ring name Jungle Boy. 

During his time in AEW, Perry has been a one-time AEW World Tag Team Champion and a one-time FTW Champion

On January 24, 2019, Perry signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). At Double or Nothing, Perry made his AEW in-ring debut. He fought in the Casino Battle Royal, being eliminated by Jimmy Havoc. Jungle Boy would create a stable called Jurassic Express with Luchasaurus and Marko Stunt. 

On the January 15, 2020 episode of "Dark", Jungle Boy got his first win when Jurassic Express defeated Strong Hearts (Cima, El Lindaman and T-Hawk). Jungle Boy was able to win the Casino Battle Royal match at Double or Nothing and earned a shot at AEW World Championship. On the June 26 episode of "Dynamite", he would go on to lose to AEW World Champion Kenny Omega.

On the January 5, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Jurassic Express won the AEW World Tag Team Championship after defeating the Lucha Brothers (Pentagón Jr. and Rey Fénix). This was Jungle Boy's first championship in AEW. On June 15 at Road Rager, Jurassic Express would lose the championships to the Young Bucks.

At Forbidden Door, Perry was being managed by Hook and faced Sanada for the IWGP World Heavyweight Championship. Perry lost the match and turned heel after by attacking his manager Hook. At Blood & Guts, Perry won the FTW Championship after he defeated Hook.

At All In, Perry would lose the title back to Hook. There was controversy during the match and after it. Before the match, Perry wanted to do a spot with real glass to write himself off TV for a while. CM Punk told Perry that he didn't like the spot because Perry or Hook could get legitimately injured on the glass. Perry would do the spot anyways, look into the camera and say "real glass, cry me a river". When Perry went backstage, Punk choked him out and then jumped at AEW owner Tony Khan. Punk would be fired from the company and Perry was suspended indefinitely.

His father was American actor Luke Perry. He is in a relationship with professional wrestler Anna Jay.

Jeff Satur

Jeff Worakamol Satoe (born March 6th 1995) whose nickname is Jeff Satur, is a Thai male singer, songwriter, producer, musician, actor and model with Chinese, Italian and Indian descent.

When participating in the audition for the first season of "The Voice" in Thailand, he was recruited by RS Group as a trainee of the Kamikaze label. He debuted with The Demo in 2013; he used the name Jeff Garden Music from 2014 to 2016; he suspended his acting career in 2017; From 2018 to early 2020, he was a trainee of GMM Grammy 's GRAND MUSIK label; he released a single through Passenger Records in early 2021; and he has been an artist of Wayfer Records, a label of Warner Music Thailand, since November 2021.  during which he worked in A single will be released in January 2022 through the Tero Music project.

Satur has participated in the Warpers project since 2018. In 2019, he participated in the short film "He She It" for the first time as an actor, and continues to work in TV series and stage plays. In 2022, he attracted attention for his performance of "KinnPorsche: The Series" and singing the theme song "แค่เธอ" (Why Don't You Stay). He joined Be On Cloud from July 2022 to February 2023. During this period, the company and Warner Music Thailand jointly managed his acting work.

Satur performed in the stage play "Closer" for the first time in 2022. The stage play is produced by LiFE Creator and adapted from the 1997 work by British playwright Patrick Marber. Satur participated in 7 of the performances in August and also wrote and sang songs for the stage play, which was later renamed "Stranger" and officially released.

Starting in November 2022, the personal studio Studio On Saturn will be operated externally.

In February 2023, the first overseas solo concert "JEFF SATUR LIVE ON SATURN" was held in Indonesia, and toured to Singapore, Bangkok, and other cities. In July of the same year, he went to Brazil to perform at a music festival.

Satur was born on March 6, 1995, in Bangkok, the capital of Thailand. He has a younger brother named Jesse. The two are close in age and similar in appearance, so Jesse was mistaken for his older brother Jeff by reporters.

Vadsø

Vadsø (; ) is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. The municipality is in eastern Finnmark.


Ibestad

Ibestad () is a municipality in Troms county, Norway.


Harstad

Harstad () is the second-most populated municipality in Troms county, Norway. (From 2024, it will be part of Troms county.) It is on the large island of Hinnøya. The town was founded in 1904.


Kongsvinger

Kongsvinger is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway.


Nord-Aurdal

Nord-Aurdal is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 6,354 people lived there.


Sør-Aurdal

Sør-Aurdal is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 2,889 people lived there.


Etnedal

Etnedal is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 1,256 people lived there.


Elverum

Elverum is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 21,435 people lived there.


Engerdal

Engerdal is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 1,253 people lived there.


Alvdal

Alvdal is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 2,445 people lived there.


Dovre

Dovre is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 2,498 people lived there.


Eidskog

Eidskog is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 6,032 people lived there.


Jackson Irvine

Jackson Alexander Irvine (born 7 March 1993) is an Australian soccer player. He plays for FC St. Pauli in the 2. Bundesliga and for the Australia men's national soccer team.

Bardu

Bardu (, ) is a municipality in Troms county, Norway.


Leopold Grundwald

Leopold "Grundl" Grundwald (28 October 1891 – 9 April 1969) was an Austrian football player in the position of striker and later football coach. He played for SK Rapid Wien and in the Austrian national football team.

Leopold Grundwald came to Rapid in 1907 and was in the fighting team from 1910 onward. From 1911–12, Grundwald was one of the cornerstones of the first Austrian championship team as a left winger and left connector and also contributed to a total of seven championship titles with numerous goals. In 1919 and 1920 he also won the Cup. From 1911 to 1921, Grundwald played in 112 championship games for Rapid, scoring around 50 goals. He was also used as a defender, especially in the last few years.

Grundwald was in the Austrian national team eight times and scored three goals. His first match was a 1-0 win over Norway on 1 July 1912. His last match was on 1 October 1916 in a 3-2 away win against Hungary.

After the end of his active career, he also worked as a coach for FC St. Gallen, and a referee.


Berlevåg

Berlevåg () is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway.


Dyrøy

Dyrøy () is a municipality in Troms county, Norway. (From 2024, it will be in Troms county.) It is named after the island of Dyrøya.


Gratangen

Gratangen () is a municipality in Troms county, Norway. (From 2024, it will be in Troms county.)


Aziz Behich

Aziz Eraltay Behich (, ; born 16 December 1990) is an Australian professional soccer player who plays as a left back and left winger for A-League club Melbourne City and the Australia national team.

Green Gully

İstanbul Başakşehir

Australia

Individual

Hasvik

Hasvik is a municipality in Finnmark county, Norway. In 2022, 964 people lived there. Its area is 556 km².


Takin' It Back

Takin' It Back is the fifth album by American singer-songwriter Meghan Trainor. Epic Records released the album on October 21, 2022. Trainor worked with producers including Federico Vindver, Gian Stone, Kid Harpoon, and Tyler Johnson. Featured artists include Scott Hoying, Teddy Swims, Theron Theron, Natti Natasha, and Arturo Sandoval. It is a doo-wop, bubblegum pop and R&B album, which Trainor planned as a return to the sound of her debut major-label studio album, "Title" (2015), after its title track went viral on TikTok. "Takin' It Back"s lyrical themes revolve around motherhood and self-acceptance.

Trainor promoted "Takin' It Back" with public appearances and televised performances on programs such as "The Today Show" and "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon". The album was supported by two singles, "Bad for Me" and "Made You Look". The latter peaked at number 11 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, becoming Trainor's first song to enter its top 20 since 2016, and reached the top 10 in other countries. Reviewers thought the album effectively showcased Trainor's maturity and growth over her career as well as her musicality, but they were divided on whether it was a progression from her earlier work. "Takin' It Back" debuted at number 16 on the US "Billboard" 200 and reached the top 40 in other countries. A deluxe edition of the album, supported by the single "Mother", was released on March 10, 2023.

A Very Trainor Christmas

A Very Trainor Christmas is a Christmas album and the fourth album by American singer-songwriter Meghan Trainor. Honest OG Recording and Epic Records released it on October 30, 2020. Trainor's family helped make the album. She wrote its songs with her brothers, Ryan and Justin, among others. Featured artists include Earth, Wind & Fire, Seth MacFarlane, Trainor's cousins Jayden, Jenna, & Marcus Toney, and her father, Gary. The album includes cover versions of well-known Christmas songs, such as "It's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas" (1951) and "Last Christmas" (1984), as well as six original recordings.

Trainor promoted "A Very Trainor Christmas" with public appearances and televised performances. It was supported by the single release of Trainor and MacFarlane's cover of "White Christmas" (1942), which reached number one on the Adult Contemporary chart. Several other tracks received music videos. Critical commentary for the album was generally positive, with praise directed towards Trainor's charisma and the material. It reached number seven on the US Top Holiday Albums chart and the top 50 in the Netherlands and Sweden. A deluxe edition was released on October 29, 2021.

A deluxe edition of "A Very Trainor Christmas" adds the following songs as tracks 1–3, prior to all of the songs on the standard edition of the album:

Deluxe edition bonus tracks

Balkhash perch

The Balkhash perch ("Perca schrenkii") is a perch that lives in Lake Balkhash and Lake Alakol.

An expedition of Alexander von Schrenk to eastern Turkestan collected this species in 1842, and deposited preserved specimens at the Imperial Academy of Sciences in St. Petersburg; Karl Kessler's formal description was published much later, in 1874, after the rediscovered specimens were sent to him by Alexander Strauch. The description was included in an article on fishes collected by the later expedition to Turkestan of Alexei Pavlovich Fedchenko.

The Balkhash perch resembles the other species, the European perch ("Perca fluviatilis") and the yellow perch ("Perca flavescens"), but has a slimmer build and is lighter in color.



Here, My Dear

Here, My Dear is the 15th studio album by Marvin Gaye. It was released on 15 December, 1978 through Motown Records and went to number 26 in the United States, It was ranked #493 on the Rolling Stone's 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.

All songs written by Marvin Gaye, except where noted.






Bonus material for the 2007 Hip-O Select Expanded Edition, with first disc of the original album with bonus tracks and second disc of recordings from the sessions for "Here, My Dear".



Treat Myself

Treat Myself is the third album by American singer-songwriter Meghan Trainor. Epic Records released it on January 31, 2020, after delaying it for over a year from its originally scheduled release date. Trainor worked with producers including Mike Sabath, Tyler Johnson, Ojivolta, and Andrew Wells. Initially inspired by pop artists and her experiences with panic disorder, Trainor rewrote the album to follow the changing trends in the music industry and the rising popularity of hip-hop. It features guest appearances by Sabath, Nicki Minaj, Lennon Stella, Sasha Sloan, the Pussycat Dolls, and AJ Mitchell.

"Treat Myself" is a pop, funk, and R&B album with hip-hop influences which explores themes such as female duality, body image, self-esteem issues, and relationships. Trainor promoted the album with public appearances and televised performances. Several tracks released in 2018 were scrapped from it after the delay. "Treat Myself" includes three singles: "No Excuses" (2018) and "Nice to Meet Ya" (2020), which respectively peaked at numbers 46 and 89 on the US "Billboard" Hot 100, and "Wave" (2019).

Some reviewers thought the quality of "Treat Myself" was worth the long wait and that it showcased Trainor's artistic range, while others commented on its production choices and criticized its lyrical themes. In the US, the album debuted at number 25 on the "Billboard" 200. It peaked within the top 40 in Australia, Canada, New Zealand, Scotland, Spain, and Switzerland.

Your Cheatin' Heart

"Your Cheatin' Heart" is a 1953 song by country singer Hank Williams and was released shortly after his death on 1 January, 1953. It became an instant success and topped the country charts in 1953. It has been covered by numerous artists including Ray Charles in 1962 where he took it to number 2 in the United States.

List of law enforcement agencies in Florida

]
This is a list of Law Enforcement Agencies in the state of Florida.

According to the US Bureau of Justice Statistics' 2018 Census of State and Local Law Enforcement Agencies, the state had 373 law enforcement agencies. They employed 47,177 law enforcement officers. This means there were about 222 officers for each 100,000 people living in the state.

These are federal agencies that have operations within the state.


Monties

Monties is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Montiron

Montiron is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Montpézat

Montpézat is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Montréal, Gers

Montréal is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Mormès

Mormès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Folldal

Folldal is a municipality in Innlandet county, Norway. In 2022, 1,530 people lived there.


Televoting

Telephone voting, shortened to televoting, is when people vote to make a decision by telephone, such as texting or calling a certain number to vote for what they want. It is often used for reality TV competitions (such as "Big Brother", "The Voice", "The X Factor" and "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here") to decide which contestants are leaving or winning. It is also used in the Eurovision Song Contest for viewers to vote for their favourite country.

Samuel Ajayi Crowther

Samuel Ajayi Crowther (c. 1809 – 31 December 1891) was a Yoruba linguist, clergyman, and the first African bishop of the West African Anglican Church. Crowther was born in Osogun now Ado-Awaye, Oyo State, Nigeria. He and his family were kidnapped by slave raiders during the Yoruba civil war (notably the Owu wars of 1821–1829) in his hometown Osogun when he was about thirteen years old. Ajayi was sold several times before he was later purchased by the Portuguese slave traders, who finally took him to the New World across the Atlantic.

Walk Hand in Hand

"Walk Hand in Hand" is a 1956 song by Tony Martin and went to number 2 in the United Kingdom and number 10 in the United States. It was covered by Andy Williams as his debut single and went to number 54 in the United States. It was also covered by Gerry and the Pacemakers in 1965 and went to number 29 in the United Kingdom and number 10 in Canada.

Not That Kind (song)

"Not That Kind" is a 2000 song by Anastacia and is the title track to her debut studio album "Not That Kind". It went to the top 20 in 9 European countries including the United Kingdom and also made number 21 in both New Zealand and Australia.

US maxi-CD single

UK CD single

UK cassette single

European CD single

European maxi-CD single

Australian CD single

Moraya Wilson

Moraya Wilson (born 10 September 2001) is an Australian model and beauty pageant titleholder who was crowned Miss Universe Australia 2023. She will represent Australia at the Miss Universe 2023 competition in San Salvador, El Salvador.

Wilson was born in Melbourne. She started working at Caulfield Grammar School as a sports coach across three disciplines namely athletics, cross country and snowsports. In November 2018, Wilson joined Vivien’s Model Management in Melbourne as a model. 

Wilson entered and graduate from RMIT University with a bachelor’s degree in business marketing. 

On September 1, 2023, Wilson competed against 23 other Miss Universe Australia 2023 finalists at the Sofitel Melbourne on Collins in Melbourne, she won the title and was succeeded by Monique Riley. On November 18, 2023, Wilson will represent Australia at Miss Universe 2023 in San Salvador, El Salvador.


Benvenue

Benvenue is a historic plantation house located near Rocky Mount, North Carolina. The house was built in 1844 and was expanded and remodeled to its present Second Empire form in 1889. It is a large -story, three bay by three bay, frame house with a one-story ell in the back. It has a steep mansard roof with slate tiles that have flower patterns on them. It was the home of Congressman Benjamin H. Bunn.

It was listed on the National Register of Historic Places in 1982.

2023 Herat earthquakes

On 7 October 2023, four earthquakes hit Herat Province, Afghanistan, all with a magnitude of 6.3. The earthquakes caused at least 2,000 deaths and injured 1,688 people. 

The first earthquake hit at 06:41 UTC, with a magnitude of 6.3. A magnitude 5.5 aftershock hit eight minutes later. A another earthquake hit at 07:12 UTC, with a magnitude of 6.3, then a another magnitude 5.9 aftershock. A third earthquake with a magnitude 6.3 hit on 11 October. Then 4 days later, a fourth earthquake with a magnitude 6.3 hit on 15 October. Both events had a Mercalli intensity was VIII (Severe).

The United States Geological Survey explained that these earthquakes happened because of a shallow thrust fault. The fault moved east to west with a dip either north or south.

In the villages that were hit, mass funerals were held, with around 300 people buried in Siah Ab. Over 35 rescue teams, including military and nonprofit organizations, were sent to help.

Abdul Ghani Baradar, Afghanistan's Deputy Prime Minister of Economic Affairs, visited the area and promised that the Taliban would build new homes for the survivors. As winter was approaching, thousands of people were left without homes in the cold. Doctors Without Borders reported that over 340 people were discharged from the hospital but had nowhere to go.

Malayan Union

The Malayan Union was is a federation of the malayan states and the Stairs Settlements excluding Singapore. this Federation was the successor to British Malaya and

aimed to unity Malay Peninsula under one Government to facilitate management.

Kostruba Anatoliy

Kostruba Anatoliy is a Ukrainian academic whose specializations include Civil Law in Eastern European countries, particularly Corporate Law, Contract Law, and Tort Law. 

He earned his Doctor of Laws degree in 2015 and became a Professor in 2019. He's been teaching at since 2015 and is also a Professor at Vilnius University as of 2022. 

Since 2023, he has been working as a contract researcher at the University Paris 1 Panthéon Sorbonne.

Professor Kostruba was born in Simferopol, Ukraine, in 1978. He graduated from Tavrida National V.I. Vernadsky University in 2000 and obtained his PhD degree in 2004. In 2015, he became a Doctor of Law.

Kostruba Anatoliy worked as a lawyer, legal adviser, and served as a deputy in the District Council of Simferopol. In 2005, he started private legal practice and became a lawyer in 2007. He's a member of the Ukrainian National Bar Association and involved in the Committee on Investment and Privatization.

Anatoliy has been a researcher and educator since 2003 at Tavrida National V.I. Vernadsky University. 

Professor Kostruba Anatoliy has been teaching at , Ukraine since 2015.

Kostruba Anatoliy was invited to the Supreme Court of Ukraine as a member of the Scientific Council.

In 2022, he accepted the invitation to joint the Vilnius University, Lithuania to teach courses to students from higher education institutions who had suspended their studies as a result of Russia's military aggression.

Professor Kostruba assumed the role of a visiting professor at University of Bologna, Italy, and commencing from 2023, he is contracted as a researcher at University Paris 1 Panthéon - Sorbonne, France. 

Professor is an author of over 230 academic publications, including 37 articles published in Scopus (Scopus Author ID 57197823711) and Web of Science (Web of Science ResearcherID N-1070-2017) indexed journals.

Otto Stich

Otto Stich (10 January 1927 – 13 September 2012) was a Swiss politician. He was born in Basel.

Stich was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 7 December 1983 and handed over office on 31 October 1995. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party.

During his office time he held the Federal Department of Finance and was President of the Confederation in 1988 and again in 1994.

Stich died on 13 September 2012 in Dornach, Switzerland at the age of 85.


Élisabeth Baume-Schneider

Élisabeth Baume-Schneider (born 24 December 1963) is a Swiss politician of the Social Democratic Party of Switzerland (SP). She is a member of the Federal Council since 2023. She was first elected as a member from the Canton of Jura on 7 December 2022. Baume-Schneider was born in Saint-Imier, Switzerland.

Albert Rösti

Albert Rösti (born 7 August 1967) is a Swiss politician. He has been a member of the Swiss Federal Council since 2023. He was the President of the Swiss People's Party from 2016 to 2020.

From 2000 to 2007, Rösti was the president of SVP Uetendorf. From 2008 to 2022, he was a member of the local council of Uetendorf. In 2014, he became the mayor of Uetendorf, replacing Hannes Zaugg-Graf.

On 7 December 2022, Rösti was elected to the Swiss Federal Council, replacing Ueli Maurer. He has been head of the Federal Department of Environment, Transport, Energy and Communications since 2023.

Rösti was born in Frutigen. He lives in Uetendorf, near Thun.

Kurt Furgler

Kurt Furgler (24 June 1924 – 23 July 2008) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council from 1972 to 1986. He was born and raised in St. Gallen.

Furgler was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 8 December 1971 and handed over office on 31 December 1986. He was a member of the Christian Democratic People's Party of Switzerland.

During his office time he held the following departments:

Furgler was President of the Confederation three times in 1977, 1981 and 1985.

He studied Jurisprudence in Fribourg, Zürich, and Geneva. In 1948, he got his license to practice law in St. Gallen.

Furgler died on 23 July 2008 in St. Gallen at the age of 84.


Rudolf Gnägi

Rudolf Gnägi (3 August 1917 – 20 April 1985) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council from 1966 to 1979. He was born in Schwadernau, Canton of Bern.

Gnägi was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 8 December 1965 and handed over office on 31 December 1979. He was a member of the Party of Farmers, Traders and Independents (BGB/PAI), which became the Swiss People's Party in 1972.

During his office time he held the following departments:

He was President of the Confederation in 1971 and again in 1976.

Gnägi died on 20 April 1985 in Köniz, Switzerland at the age of 67.


The Girl Who Believes in Miracles

The Girl Who Believes in Miracles is a 2021 American Christian drama film directed and produced by Richard Correll. The film stars Mira Sorvino, Peter Coyote, Austyn Johnson, and Kevin Sorbo. The film was released on 2 April 2021 by 120 dB Films, Gerson Productions, The Mustard Seed Productions, and Trailmaker Productions. It was distributed by Atlas Distribution Company. The film's plot follows an girl who becomes a national celebrity, as many miracles that have occured are attributed to her.

When a young girl hears a preacher say faith can be so strong it can move mountains, at a church, she starts praying. One day, she mysteriously brings a dead bird back to life, with a seemingly simple prayer and later becomes a national celebrity as more miracles that have occured are attributed to her. Meanwhile, the girl is dying from an inoperable brain tumor.


The film was released theatrically in the United States on 2 April 2021.
The film was released on digital platforms on 1 June 2021.
Swiss People's Party

The Swiss People's Party (, SVP; , PPS), also known as the Democratic Union of the Centre (, UDC; , UDC), is a national conservative and right-wing populist political party in Switzerland. It is the largest party in the Federal Assembly, with 53 members of the National Council and 6 members of the Council of States.

The current leader of the party is Marco Chiesa.

The SVP was founded in 1971 from a merger of the Party of Farmers, Traders and Independents (BGB) and the Democratic Party.


Anationalism

Anationalism is a political ideology originally made by Eugene Lanti and expanded on by others. Anationalists believe in some or all of the following

a) Extreme anti-nationalism,

b) Universalism,

c) Globalism,

d) The need for the education and organisation of the proletariat,

e) The idea that over time people have become connected language wise,

f) There is benefit in using Esperanto.

The Liberals (Switzerland)

FDP.The Liberals (, , , ) is a liberal political party in Switzerland. The party has 29 seats in the National Council and has 12 seats in the Council of States.

The party's president is Thierry Burkart. The current FDP representatives in the Federal Council are Ignazio Cassis and Karin Keller-Sutter.

The FDP was founded in 2009 from a merger of the Free Democratic Party (FDP/PRD) and the Liberal Party (LPS/PLS).

Green Party of Switzerland

The Green Party of Switzerland (; ; ; ) is a green political party in Switzerland. The party has 28 seats in the National Council and has 5 seats in the Council of States.

The president of the party is Balthasar Glättli.

It was founded in 1983.


Israel–Hamas war

On 7 October 2023, Palestinian militant groups from Gaza, led by Hamas, launched an offensive against Israel called Operation Al Aqsa Flood. Thousands of rockets were fired into Israel. During the morning, militants entered some nearby military bases and towns in Israel. They entered by land, air, and sea. About 1,100 Israelis were killed, and about 245 were kidnapped. The militants also killed and kidnapped some foreigners. An Israeli operation called Iron Swords by the IDF was launched in response to the offensive, killing about 1,000 militants (according to Israel) and over 31,490 people in Gaza. Hamas stated that its attack was in response to the continued Israeli occupation of the Palestinian territories, the blockade of the Gaza Strip, the expansion of illegal Israeli settlements and increase in Israeli settler violence. The armed conflict is part of the Gaza–Israel conflict, which is part of the Israel–Palestine conflict.

Palestinian militant groups call the offensive Operation al-Aqsa Flood ("amaliyyat ṭūfān al-ʾAqṣā"). Israeli authorities call its counteroffensive Operation Iron Swords ("Mivtsá charavót barzél"). Some news agencies and commentators have called the ongoing conflict "the" Third Intifada(related pages, First and Second Intifadas). Others have called it the Sukkot War, after the festivity celebrated the day the conflict started. Many analysts and officials have called the first conflict, "Israel's 9/11 moment".

Palestinian militants killed about 1,139 people in Israel (including 390 soldiers and some foreigners). The Israeli forces claim they killed about 1,000 of the Palestinian invaders. 

The 1,139 number counts the 816 Israeli civilians, 390+ Israeli soldiers, 59 police officers, 10 Shin Bet members and 166 foreigners and dual-nationals.

The police commander of Rahat, was killed. The commander of the Nahal Brigade, Colonel Yonatan Steinberg, was killed near Kerem Shalom. In Ashkelon, at least 68 died. Dozens of bodies were reportedly discovered at a place, in Re'im, where there had been a party. The Battle of Re'im happened, and there was fighting at a military base there. Colonel Roi Levy was killed in the battle. On 4 November, Abu Obaida said that at least 60 Israeli captives/POWs were killed by the Israeli airstrikes, but there is no independent verification about it. Foreigners were killed. (See section below, "Foreign and dual-national victims".) Israeli forces stated that they killed 3 Israeli hostages by mistake in Gaza Strip, which led to protests in israel.

Over 31,490 people have been killed in Gaza, most of whom were civilians (according to the Palestinian Health Ministry). Doctors Without Borders said that Israel attacked the Indonesian Hospital in the Gaza Strip, killing one nurse and one ambulance driver while injuring several others. The (home or) family home of , the (top) commander of the Al Qassam Brigades was hit by an airstrike in Khan Younis; his father, brother and at least two other relatives were killed in the attack. According to Committee to Protect Journalists, at least 89 Palestinian journalists were killed by the Israeli airstrikes as of 28 February 2024. While other reports says, at least 132 Palestinian journalists were killed as of 16 February 2024.


Around 100 foreigners were killed. Some of those had nationality from more than one country, dual nationals. They are from [24 or] 23 countries, according to the "Washington Post" on 11 October. (Foreigners were also taken hostage and kidnapped. See section below, "Kidnappings".) 

10 Nepalis were killed by Hamas, 1 Indonesian medic killed by Israel, 16 Syrians killed by IDF.

11 Americans killed by Hamas/Israel.

3 Israeli hostages in Gaza killed by IDF.

Approximately 245 hostages were taken; 105 of whom were released during the prisoner exchange deal from November 24 to 30. 

Around 130-150 IDF soldiers and civilians were taken as hostages. At least 200 Israelis were taken prisoner by Hamas and moved to the Gaza Strip. Most of the hostages were civilians. Many of those were taken from a rave party. Some foreigners were also captured. Some of those have nationality from more than one country.




The bodies of two Israeli hostages were found in buildings near the Shifa hospital; One was a 65-year old civilian, the other was a 19-year old soldier, according to Israeli authorities. The IDF said earlier (October 13) that Israeli remains and personal items were found on the Gaza Strip, during 2023 Israeli ground operations there.

Of these, 4 hostages have been released [as of the middle of November], and a captured Israeli soldier was rescued by Israeli forces.

Of the 4 hostages that have been released (as of October 25), two are Israelis and 2 are Americans.



1,900,000 Palestinians displaced in Gaza<br>500,000+ Israelis displaced

Israel (As per IDF): Around 100 are missing.

Palestine (As per Palestinian Health Ministry): Around 8,000+ palestinians are missing.


A UN Commission to the Israel-Palestine conflict said (October 10) that there is "clear evidence that war crimes may have been [done] in the latest [...] violence in Israel and Gaza". B'Tselem, a human rights organization from Israel, said that Hamas' killing of civilians and taking of hostages, are war crimes. It accused the Israeli government of (doing or) committing war crimes against the people of Gaza, including the bombing of civilians, the use of white phosphorous bomb, the closing of border crossings, and the cutting of power and water supplies. (Water mains, or large pipes that tap water usually can run through, were stopped from having that water go from Israel to Gaza. Regarding giving electrical power to the electrical grid: fuel to make electrical power at Gaza's power station has been stopped from going from Israel to Gaza.)

Human Rights Watch (also) gave examples of acts that Hamas and Israel has done, which HRW points out as war crimes. On December 29, 2023, South Africa accused israel of doing a Genocide in Gaza and did a lawsuit against israel at the International Court of Justice.

Israel Electric Corporation (owned by the Israeli government) stopped giving electrical power to the electrical grid of the Gaza Strip. Israeli authorities also stopped the Gaza Strip from getting fuel. The Gaza Strip's only power station ran out of fuel.

Some countries, mostly the western world, have given criticism against the attacks in Israel. While countries, which includes Russia, China and Venezuela and most of the Arab world and Islamic world, have given criticism against the attacks on Gaza. The foreign ministry of Jordan said that, "If the war continued, it may get a popular impression that it's a war between western and arab islamic world."

On 18 October 2023, a resolution about a "humanitarian pause" to deliver lifesaving aid to millions in Gaza, was not approved by the United Nations Security Council; The proposed resolution came from Brazil's authorities, and the United States vetoed it.

On 13 November 2023, United Nations observed a moment of silence with half-staff to mourn and honour 101 staff of UNRWA, that were killed in Gaza.

United States authorities have sent two aircraft carriers with its combat airplanes and escorting warships, to the area to support Israel. On November 5, an Ohio-class nuclear submarine started (its stay or) a deployment in the Middle East, according to United States authorities.

US authorities think that there is a chance that the conflict could spread to other countries in the region. U.S. authorities are against the taking of U.S. citizens as hostages by Hamas. U.S. officials think that there is a chance that Iran-backed forces in Syria and Lebanon may open additional fronts against Israel. US President Joe Biden and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu had a phone call (October 8) and Biden said he has "deep sympathy" for the killed, missing, and wounded in Israel and (promised or) pledged his "full support" to Israel.

The USA has also sent munitions to Israel.

The leaders of some countries have tried to find words to give criticism to parts of Israel's attack (or retaliation) against Gaza.

The Foreign ministry of United Arab Emirates (UAE) called for an immediate ceasefire.

Norway's prime minister said that Israel has a right to defend itself; He added that "we must give emphasis [or say that it is important] that the Israelis show consideration towards civilians" [in Gaza].

Malaysian Prime Minister, Anwar Ibrahim called for a ceasefire and for Palestinians to be "treated as human beings". On December 20, 2023, Malaysian PM announced a block on Israeli-linked ships with immediate effect. Ships that are on their way to israel will also be not allowed to stop at any Malaysian ports.

Algerian President, Abdelmadjid Tebboune called on the International Criminal Court (ICC) to take action to hold Israel responsible for crimes that it is committing against Palestinians.

During the start this war, The French embassy in Israel condemned the attacks and described Hamas' actions as "inadmissible terrorist attacks". While on 10th of November, French President, Emmanuel Macron called for a ceasefire and urged Israel to stop bombing Gaza and killing civilians.

Haaretz, a newspaper, printed an editorial which said that the attack was the "clear responsibility of one person: Benjamin Netanyahu". The newspaper said that the prime minister [did not see and tell about the dangers that he was leading Israel into, or he] has "completely failed to identify the dangers he was consciously leading Israel into when establishing a government of annexation and dispossession" (or taking away someone's possessions).


Mouchan

Mouchan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Mouchès

Mouchès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Mourède

Mourède is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Nizas, Gers

Nizas is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Nogaro

Nogaro is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Noilhan

Noilhan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Nougaroulet

Nougaroulet is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Noulens

Noulens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Orbessan

Orbessan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ordan-Larroque

Ordan-Larroque is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ornézan

Ornézan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Pallanne

Pallanne is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Panassac

Panassac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


The Norman Fucking Rockwell! Tour

The Norman Fucking Rockwell! Tour was American singer Lana Del Rey's fifth concert tour. It was for her 2019 album "Norman Fucking Rockwell!". The tour began on September 21, 2019 in Wantagh, New York. It ended on November 20, 2019 in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.

Lana Del Rey announced the Norman Fucking Rockwell! Tour on August 1, 2019, the day after she announced the album.

In early 2020, Lana Del Rey became sick. She cancelled the third leg because of it. The fourth leg was supposed to have festivals, but was cancelled because of COVID-19.

These are the songs that Lana Del Rey sang in Wantagh, New York. She did not always sing the same songs at every show.

These shows were cancelled because Del Rey was sick.
These shows were cancelled because of the COVID-19 pandemic.

Panjas

Panjas is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Pauilhac

Pauilhac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Pébées

Pébées is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Pellefigue

Pellefigue is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Perchède

Perchède is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Swan Songs (Hollywood Undead album)

Swan Songs is an album created by Hollywood Undead. Released on September 2nd, 2008 


That's All Right

"That's All Right" is a song written and first performed by the American blues singer Arthur Crudup. It was recorded in 1946. The song was rereleased in early March 1949 by RCA Victor. It was released under the title "That's All Right, Mama". It was RCA's first rhythm and blues record on its new 45 rpm single format.

the song is best known as the first single by Elvis Presley. His version of the song was recorded on July 5, 1954, and released on July 19, 1954. It had "Blue Moon of Kentucky" as the B-side. The song was ranked number 113 on the 2010 "Rolling Stone" magazine list of the "500 Greatest Songs of All Time". Several critics have said that Presley's version could be the first rock and roll record. In July 2004, exactly 50 years after it was first released, the song was re-released as a CD single in several countries. It reached number three in the United Kingdom. 

Hemedti

Mohammed Hamdan Dagalo (; born 1 January 1975) also known by his nickname Hemedti () is a Sudanese politician and soldier. He came from the Rizeigat tribe in Darfur. Dagalo was the First Vice President of Sudan from 2021 to 2023. He is also the Commander-in-Chief of the Rapid Support Forces since its creation in 2013 and as well as the leader of the Janjaweed since 2013.

Dagalo took part in the 2021 Sudanese coup d'état alongside president Abdel Fattah al-Burhan. However, in February 2023, Dagalo has regretted taking part in the coup calling it a mistake. In April 2023, he denounced Burhan and started the Third Sudanese Civil War in which Dagalo has citized Burhan for trying to divide the country though Burhan has denied those clamies.

Muhammad Hanif Wijaya

Muhammad Hanif Wijaya is an Indonesian archer. He was born on 22 August 1996. Wijaya competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Najmeh Abtin

Najmeh Abtin is an Iranian archer. She was born on 12 August 1982. Abtin competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Zahra Dehghan

Zahra Dehghan Abnavi is an Iranian archer. She was born on 11 February 1988. Dehghan competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Toni Storm

Toni Rossall (born 19 October 1995) is an New Zealand-Australian professional wrestler. She currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name "Timeless" Toni Storm. She is the current AEW Women's World Champion. She is in her record tying 3rd reign as champion.

She is also known for her time wrestling in WWE where she was a one-time NXT UK Women's Champion. Storm has also competed for Progress and ST★RDOM.

During her time in AEW, Storm has been a three-time AEW Women's World Champion. 

On the 30 March 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Storm made her debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). She wrestled in the Owen Hart Foundation Women's Tournament, defeating The Bunny in the first round. It was announced the day after that Toni Storm had signed a contract with the company. She would make it to the semi-final before losing to Britt Baker.

At All Out, Storm faced Britt Baker, Jamie Hayter, and Hikaru Shida in a four-way match. Storm would win the match and won the AEW Interim Women's World Championship. This gave Storm her first championship in AEW. She would lose the title to Jamie Hayter at Full Gear.

On the 18 January 2023 episode of "Dynamite", Storm turned heel and along with Saraya, they attacked Willow Nightingale after their match. At Revolution, they would be joined by Ruby Soho after she attacked Britt Baker and Jamie Hayter after their match.

Storm became a two-time AEW Women's World Champion after defeating Jamie Hayter at Double or Nothing. She would lose the title to Hikaru Shida on the 2 August episode of "Dynamite".

On the 4 October episode of "Dynamite", Storm would rename herself as "Timeless Toni Storm". She would adopt a gimmick of a paranoid movie starlet from the Golden Age of Hollywood, along with the screen turning black-and-white whenever she did a promo. At Full Gear, Storm would defeat Hikaru Shida to become the new AEW Women's World Champion and tie the record for most reigns with 3.

In June 2021, Storm came out as bisexual. She married professional wrestler Juice Robinson on 2022.

Riho

Riho has also competed for Ice Ribbon, DDT Pro-Wrestling, Union Pro Wrestling, Gatoh Move Pro Wrestling, and Stardom.

During her time in AEW, Riho has been a one-time AEW Women's World Champion and was the very first champion.

Riho made her debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW) at Double or Nothing on May 25, 2019. She wrestled in a six-woman tag team match with Hikaru Shida and Ryo Mizunami to defeat Aja Kong, Emi Sakura, and Yuka Sakazaki. 

At All Out, Riho faced Hikaru Shida and defeated her. With her win, Riho went on to face Nyla Rose. Rose won the women's Casino Battle Royal to face Riho. On the first episode of "Dynamite" on October 2, Riho would defeat Nyla Rose to become the very first AEW Women's World Champion. This gave Riho her first championship in AEW. She would lose the title back to Rose on the February 12 episode of "Dynamite".

Riho would spend 11 months in Japan because of COVID-19 travel restrictions. Riho would return to AEW on the February 17 episode of "Dynamite". She entered the eliminator tournament for the AEW Women's World Title. She would defeat the NWA World Women's Champion Serena Deeb in the first round. Riho would lose in the semi-final to Thunder Rosa.

At Battle of the Belts, Riho faced Britt Baker for the AEW Women's World Championship but lost.

AC Viktoria Wien

The Athletiksport Club Viktoria Wien was an Austrian athletics and football club from the capital Vienna. The Viktoria football section was one of the founding members of the first official Austrian championship in 1911.
Viktoria Vienna was founded in 1898. A few years after its founding, the club changed the Latin/English form of the name Victoria with a "c" for the German form with a "k" in its name.

The club's greatest success was reaching the final of the Challenge Cup in the 1898/99 season. The final game against First Vienna FC on March 5, 1899 was clearly lost 4-1. In the 1901/02 season, the club played in the second class of the championship announced by the Austrian Football Union, but only finished fourth and last.

In the years that followed, a good team grew up in the club and Viktoria was accepted into the first class by the ÖFV for the first compulsory championship in 1906/07, which was later canceled and declared unofficial. Due to its playing strength, Viktoria was able to stay in this class until the official championship was introduced in 1911/12.

In the first season of the Austrian championship, the club ran into financial difficulties. After four rounds of the championship had been completed, Viktoria was no longer able to play. On 24 November 1911, it joined the traditional Vienna Cricket and Football Club. Despite the merger of the two clubs, the Cricketers achieved no wins and only two draws and finished eleventh and last in the table at the end of the season.

Heat Wave (character)

Heat Wave (Mick Rory), is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is a pyromaniac super-villain enemy to the Flash and a founding member of the Rogues. His handheld flamethrower produces enough heat to melt the Flash's boots. At a young age, Mick accidentally set his house on fire and rushed to safety without warning his parents, which led to them being killed. He developed a fascination and obsession with fire and started a criminal career, being the rival and friend of Captain Cold. He has been a member of Project Cadmus, the Secret Society of Super-Villains, the Legion of Doom, and the Legends (in the Arrowverse).

"Heat Wave" was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino, first appearing in "The Flash" #140 (1963).

Actor Dominic Purcell has portrayed Heat Wave in The CW's Arrowverse television series "The Flash" and "Legends of Tomorrow".

Arrowverse

The "Arrowverse", also known as the CW Multiverse or simply CWverse, is a group of television programs that take place in a shared universe. It is based on characters that appear in publications by DC Comics. The shared multiverse is like the DC universe in these comic books. The programs have had crossover stories, settings and characters from other series in the group. The group began with the series "Arrow" in 2012. Over time, it added The Flash, Supergirl, DC's Legends of Tomorrow, Batwoman and others. 

The CW began airing "Arrow" in fall 2012. The program was very successful. This caused the network to make a "The Flash" spin-off the next year. Barry Allen was planned to be in the eighth and ninth episodes of the second season of the series. The twentieth episode of that season was to be used as a backdoor pilot for the new series. After the people in charge saw the first episodes, they decided to order a pilot episode for the series rather than waiting until the end of the season. In early 2015, the CW announced a web-series for "Vixen" to air on the CW Seed. Two months later, The CW said an additional series, "DC's Legends of Tomorrow" was to be be broadcast in early 2016. On August 12, 2015, Wendy Mericle said their version of John Constantine would follows the same continuity as NBC's "Constantine". On December 12, 2018, Marc Guggenheim said their version of Barry Allen follows the same continuity as CBS's "The Flash".

Six television series make up the "Arrowverse" franchise: "Arrow", "The Flash", "Supergirl", "Legends of Tomorrow", "Black Lightning" and "Batwoman". All series in total amount to 699 episodes across 37 seasons of television.
Billionaire playboy Oliver Queen returns home after being stranded on a deserted island for five years. Upon his return to Starling City, Oliver rekindles his relationships and spends his nights hunting down wealthy criminals as a hooded vigilante known as the Green Arrow.

Crime-scene investigator Barry Allen awakens from a nine-month coma after being struck by lightning due to the S.T.A.R. Labs' particle accelerator explosion and finds himself with superhuman speed. Barry vows to use his new powers to protect Central City as the Flash, a masked superhero, while he pursues his mother's murderer, the Reverse-Flash.

Kara Zor-El, who was sent to Earth from Krypton as a 13-year-old and taken in by the Danvers family, must learn to embrace her powers after previously hiding them. After an unexpected disaster, Kara is forced to reveal her powers, and becomes National City's protector.

Rip Hunter travels back in time to the present day where he brings together a team of heroes and villains in an attempt to prevent Vandal Savage from destroying the world and time itself.

High school principal Jefferson Pierce, who retired from his superhero persona Black Lightning nine years ago after seeing the effects it had on his family, is forced to become a vigilante again when the rise of the local gang called The 100 led by Tobias Whale leads to increased crime and corruption in his community of Freeland.

After the disappearance of Batman, Kate Kane must overcome her own demons before being able to protect the streets of Gotham as Batwoman and becoming their symbol of hope. From the second season onward, after Kate's plane mysteriously crashes and she is believed to be dead, Ryan Wilder takes up the mantle of Batwoman.

Two television series make up the "Arrowverse" web series franchise: "Vixen", and "Freedom Fighters: The Ray". All series in total amount to 24 episodes across four seasons of television.
After her parents were killed in Africa by local corruption, Mari McCabe inherits her family's Tantu Totem, gaining the powers of animals, using them to fight as Vixen to stop threats like those that claimed her family.

Raymond "Ray" Terrill is a reporter who gains light-based powers after being exposed to a genetic light bomb. Ray discovers the bomb in his investigation of a secret government project attempting to harness the power of light and weaponize it. The Ray is a member of the Freedom Fighters on Earth-X, a world in the multiverse where the Nazis won World War II.

Next Big Thing (song)

"Next Big Thing" is a 2002 song by country singer Vince Gill. It is the title track from his 10th studio album "Next Big Thing". It went to number 17 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and won a Grammy Award in 2004.

Josef Schediwy

Josef Schediwy ( 7 December 1882 - 14 September 1915 in Tashkent) was an Austrian football player. He played for SK Rapid Wien and the Austrian national football team.
With Rapid he won the first Austrian championship in 1911/12. Schediwy was one of the older players at this time and was rarely used. He still contributed three goals in three games in this season to help Rapid win their first championship title. Schediwy was able to defend the title with the team and played two games in the championship. In the 1913/14 season he played his matches for the Rapid and reached second place.
He played his first match for the Austrian national football team on 11 October 1903 versus Hungary. His last match was on 1 June 1909 versus England.
On 14 September 1915, Josef Schediwy died as a Russian prisoner of war in Tashkent.
2x Austrian champion: 1912, 1913

Tripura Sundari

Tripura Sundari, also known as Rajarajeshvari, Shodashi, Kamakshi, and Lalita is a Hindu goddess, revered primarily within the Shaktism tradition. She is the one of highest forms of goddess Mahadevi. She is widely praised in the "Lalita Sahasranama" and "Saundarya Lahari". In the Lalitopakhyana of the "Brahmanda Purana", she is referred to as Adi Parashakti.

According to the Shri kula tradition in Shaktism, Tripura Sundari is the foremost of the Mahavidyas, the supreme divinity of Hinduism and also the primary goddess of Sri Vidya. 

Nyla Rose

Nyla Rose (born August 3, 1982) is a American professional wrestler. She currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

During her time in AEW, Rose has been a one-time AEW Women's World Champion.

In February 2019, Rose signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). She became the first openly transgender wrestler to sign with a major professional wrestling promotion in America. At Double or Nothing, Rose made her AEW in-ring debut. She was defeated by Britt Baker in a four-way match that also featured Kylie Rae and Awesome Kong.

At Fyter Fest, Rose turned heel when she attacked Riho and Yuka Sakazaki after her loss in a three-way match.

On the February 12, 2020 episode of "Dynamite", Rose fought Riho for the AEW Women's World Championship. Rose would defeat Riho and become the new champion. This was Rose's first championship in AEW. With the win, Rose became the first transgender woman to win a world championship in a major American wrestling company. At Double or Nothing, Rose lost the championship to Hikaru Shida. Rose would enter an eliminator tournament for the AEW Women's World Championship. She would make it all the way to the finals. On the March 3 episode of "Dynamite", Rose would go on to lose to Ryo Mizunami in the finals.

Rose is transgender. She is of both African American and Native American decent, being part of Oneida heritage.

In 2016, she was in 6 episodes of the Canadian television show "The Switch".


Kameshvara

Kameshvara , Mahakameshvara is one of the highest forms of Lord Shiva, the almighty god of the universe in the Shaiva tradition of Hinduism. He is mainly mentioned in the Hindu scriptures Lalita Mahatmyam of the the Brahmanda Purana and and Tripura Rahasyam. Kameshvara is the highest form of Shiva and considered to be the omnipotent deity.

Kameshvara means Lord of desires.

Lord Kameshvara also has Noose, Goad, Arrows and Bow similar to Goddess Kameshvari.

Omonville-la-Rogue

Omonville-la-Rogue is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

Acqueville, Manche

Acqueville is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

Valognes

Valognes is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France.

Auderville

Auderville is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

La Hague

La Hague is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. The municipality was created on 1 January 2017 and consists of the former communes of Beaumont-Hague (the seat), Acqueville, Auderville, Biville, Branville-Hague, Digulleville, Éculleville, Flottemanville-Hague, Gréville-Hague, Herqueville, Jobourg, Omonville-la-Petite, Omonville-la-Rogue, Sainte-Croix-Hague, Saint-Germain-des-Vaux, Tonneville, Urville-Nacqueville, Vasteville and Vauville.

Beaumont-Hague

Beaumont-Hague is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

Biville

Biville is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

Branville-Hague

Branville-Hague is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

Digulleville

Digulleville is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

Éculleville

Éculleville is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

Flottemanville-Hague

Flottemanville-Hague is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

Gréville-Hague

Gréville-Hague is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague. A hamlet (Gruchy) of the village is the birthplace of Jean-François Millet, a painter.

Herqueville, Manche

Herqueville is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

Jobourg

Jobourg is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

Sainte-Croix-Hague

Sainte-Croix-Hague is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

Harfleur

Harfleur is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France.

Omonville-la-Petite

Omonville-la-Petite is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.
Ormonville is known to be the place where French poet Jacques Prévert (1900–1977) lived the last years of his life and where he is buried.

Saint-Germain-des-Vaux

Saint-Germain-des-Vaux is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

AC Bellinzona

AC Bellinzona is a Swiss football club from Bellinzona. It was founded in 1904, and won the Swiss Super League in 1948. They play in the Swiss Challenge League, the second league of Swiss football.


Bad (U2 song)

"Bad" is a 1984 song by Irish rock band U2. It is the seventh track from their fourth studio album "The Unforgettable Fire" and deals with drugs and heroin addiction. A live version appears on the 1985 EP "Wide Awake in America". It also appears on their 1998 greatest hits album "The Best of 1980–1990" and is the only non-single to be on the album.

Nothing as It Seems

"Nothing as It Seems" is a 2000 song by alternative rock band Pearl Jam and is the leading single from their sixth studio album "Binaural". It went to number 49 in the United States, number 7 in Portugal and Australia, number 22 in the United Kingdom, number 27 in Ireland, number 5 in Spain and Norway, number 6 in Italy and number 42 in New Zealand. 

CD (US, Austria, and Japan) and 7-inch vinyl (UK)

CD (Austria and Germany)

CD (Australia) and 12-inch vinyl (Europe)

CD (UK)

Pseudophilautus cavirostris

The Tibetan bubble-nest frog or tubercle shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus cavirostris") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka.

The adult male frog was 17.4 mm long from nose to rear end. Scientists are not sure why these frogs all died. They think it was human beings changed the places where the frog lived.

Oboe concerto

A number of concertos (as well as non-concerto works) have been written for the oboe, both as a solo instrument as well as in conjunction with other solo instrument(s), and accompanied by string orchestra, chamber orchestra, full orchestra, concert band, or similar large ensemble.

Ludwig von Moos

Ludwig von Moos (31 January 1910 – 26 November 1990) was a Swiss politician. He is a member of the Swiss Federal Council from 1959 to 1971. He was born in Sachseln, Switzerland.

Von Moos was a member of the cantonal government of Obwalden from 1946 to 1959. He was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 17 December 1959 and handed over office on 31 December 1971. He was a member of the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP/PDC).

During his office time he held the Department of Justice and Police.

He was President of the Confederation in 1964 and again in 1969.

Von Moos died on 26 November 1990 in Bern at the age of 80.


Huw Edwards

Huw Edwards (born 18 August 1961) is a Welsh journalist and television presenter who works for the BBC. He was a major newsreader and reporter who covered many royal events including weddings and funerals. He also announced the death of Elizabeth II.

In July 2023, "The Sun" reported that a 'well-known BBC presenter' had paid a teenager £35,000 for explicit photographs. Edwards was one of the main presenters who was accused of this. His wife said that he is suffering from depression due to this. The Metropolitan Police did not find any evidence of crime.

Höxter

Höxter is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It is the capital of the Höxter district. About 30,000 people live there. The town is on the river Weser, in the centre of the Weser Uplands. Historical place names are Hoxer and Huxaria.

Höxter is twinned with:


Brakel, Germany

Brakel is a town in Höxter in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.


Tonneville

Tonneville is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

Urville-Nacqueville

Urville-Nacqueville is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

Vasteville

Vasteville is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

Vauville, Manche

Vauville is a former commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France. On 1 January 2017, it was merged into the new commune of La Hague.

Agneaux

Agneaux is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France.

Bouelles

Bouelles is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Manche department in northwest France.

Dej

Dej (; ) is a city in Cluj County, Transylvania, Romania. It is north of Cluj-Napoca. It is where the river Someșul Mic meets the river Someșul Mare.

Giurgiu County

Giurgiu is a county ("județ") in Muntenia, Romania. The capital city is Giurgiu.

The county has an area of . It is on the border with Bulgaria.

Giurgiu County has 1 municipality, 2 towns and 51 communes:



Vauville

Vauville is the name of two communes in France:

Ialomița County

Ialomița is a county (județ) in Muntenia, Romania. The capital city is Slobozia.

The county has an area of .

Ialomița County has 3 municipalities, 4 towns and 59 communes:



Ilfov County

Ilfov is a county (județ) in Muntenia, Romania. The capital city is Bucharest.

The county has an area of .

Ilfov County has 8 towns and 32 communes:


Satu Mare County

Satu Mare is a county (județ) of Romania. The capital city is Satu Mare.

The county has an area of . It is on the border with Hungary and Ukraine.

Satu Mare County has 2 municipalities, 4 towns and 59 communes:



Sălaj County

Sălaj is a county ("județ") of Romania. It is in the historical regions of Crișana and Transylvania. The capital and largest city is Zalău.

Sălaj County has an area of .

Sălaj County has 1 municipality, 3 towns and 57 communes:



Giurgiu

Giurgiu () is a city in Muntenia, Romania. It is the capital city of Giurgiu County.

Buzău

Buzău is a city in Muntenia, Romania. It is the capital city of Buzău County.

Bacău

Bacău is the capital city of Bacău County, Romania. In 2021, 136,087 people lived in Bacău. It is the 14th largest city in Romania.

Zalău

Zalău is the capital city of Sălaj County, Romania. In 2021, 52,359 people live in Zalău.

Harold Gordon (actor)

Harold Gordon (August 9, 1918 - January 19, 1959) is an American actor who is known for in East of Eden (1955) as Gustav Albrecht, Viva Zapata! (1952) as Francisco Indalecio Madero and Space Patrol (1950) as Doctor Maddox. 

Gordon was born Harold Goldstein in Brooklyn, New York and began his acting career on stage in the 1930s before appearing in many films. He was married to actress Inge Jolles in 1953. His best-known role is the Mexican President Francisco Indalecio Madero in Ella Kazan's western film Viva Zapata! (1952), which starred Marlon Brando. Gordon died in New York City from natural causes at the age of 41.

Casalnoceto

Casalnoceto is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Casasco

Casasco is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Hylodes

Hylodes is a genus of frogs in the family Hylodidae. Scientists believe these frogs live in the same places as "Megaelosia". These frogs live in southeastern Brazil. In English, people call them tree toads or torrent frogs, even though other frogs are also called torrent frogs. They are active during the day and usually swim in shallow mountain streams.

The following species are in "Hylodes":
"Nota bene": When the scientists' names are in parentheses, that means that the frog species was originally placed in a genus other than "Hylodes" and moved into "Hylodes" later.

Hylodes amnicola

Hylodes amnicola is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais in Brazil. People have seen it 1400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 25.3-28.1 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back can be brown or gray in color, with stripes and marks. The skin of the frog's belly is white in color.

Cassano Spinola

Cassano Spinola is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Cassine

Cassine is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Cassinelle

Cassinelle is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Castellania Coppi

Castellania Coppi is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

It was known until 2019 as Castellania, and renamed by the Piemont regional council in recognition of the cyclist Fausto Coppi in honor of the centenary of his birth.

Bala Town F.C.

Bala Town F.C. is a football team based in Bala, a town in Wales. They currently play in the Cymru Premier. They play their home games at Maes Tegid.

Deva, Romania

Deva (; ) is the capital city of Hunedoara County, Romania. It is on the left bank of the river Mureș. In 2021, 53,113 people live in Deva.


Replica

A replica is an exact (usually in scale) copy of something, made out of the same raw materials. Replicas could be made of a molecule, art, or a product. The term is also used for copies that look very much like the original, without saying they are the same.

Replicas have been sometimes sold as originals. This is a type of fraud. Most replicas are not made to do this. Fragile originals need protection, while people can look at a replica in a museum. Replicas are often sold as souvenirs.

Gran

Gran can be
county, Norway
County, Sweden


developed by Gustav Gran
in the "Star Wars" franchise

called Colombia
wrestling event
cloud forests of Peru



Dearborn, Missouri

Dearborn is a city in Buchanan and Platte counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Sullivan, Missouri

Sullivan is a city in Crawford and Franklin counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Agency, Missouri

Agency is a village in Buchanan County, Missouri, United States.

Lewis and Clark Village, Missouri

Lewis and Clark Village is a village in Buchanan County, Missouri, United States.

Rushville, Missouri

Rushville is a village in Buchanan County, Missouri, United States.

Lake Mykee Town, Missouri

Lake Mykee Town is a village in Callaway County, Missouri, United States.

Barry Town United F.C.

Barry Town F.C. is a association football team based in Barry, a town in Wales. They currently play in the Cymru Premier. The team folded in 2013, but reformed. Before folding, they won the Cymru Premier 7 times, a record which wasn’t broken until 2014, when The New Saints won their 8th league title.

Hylodes nasus

The Santa Catarina tree toad ("Hylodes nasus") is a frog. It lives in Rio de Janeiro and Santa Catarina in Brazil. People have seen it 1400 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 25.3-28.1 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back can be brown or gray in color, with stripes and marks. The skin of the frog's belly is white in color.

The Great British Bake Off

The Great British Bake Off (also sometimes called Bake Off) is a reality television show in the United Kingdom. A group of contestants are given baking-themed challenges. Each week, one contestant is eliminated by the expert judges until one remains and is the winner. Currently presented by Alison Hammond and Noel Fielding and currently judged by Paul Hollywood and Prue Leith.

The show began in 2010 on BBC Two. It moved to BBC One in 2014. In 2017, it was sold to Channel 4.

Hylodes perplicatus

Humboldt's tree toad ("Hylodes perplicatus") is a frog. It lives in Santa Catarina in Brazil.

Hylodes asper

The warty tree toad or Brazilian torrent frog ("Hylodes asper") is a frog. It lives in Rio de Janeiro and São Paulo in Brazil. It lives in streams. People have seen it as high as 1200 meters above sea level.

This frog lives in fast streams. The water makes loud souds. When the male frog sings for the female frog, she cannot always hear him. So the male frog also waves his back legs in the air. It slowly lifts and lowers one foot at a time. Scientists call this "foot-flagging."

Lake Ozark, Missouri

Lake Ozark is a city in Camden and Miller counties in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Primaluna

Primaluna is a "comune" in the Province of Lecco in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Pergain-Taillac

Pergain-Taillac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Pessan

Pessan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Pessoulens

Pessoulens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Peyrecave

Peyrecave is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Peyrusse-Grande

Peyrusse-Grande is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Peyrusse-Massas

Peyrusse-Massas is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Derna, Bihor

Derna () is a commune in Bihor County, Romania.

Peyrusse-Vieille

Peyrusse-Vieille is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Pis

Pis is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Borod, Bihor

Borod is a commune in Bihor County, Romania.

Lisa, Brașov

Lisa is a commune in Brașov County, Romania.

Hylodes meridionalis

The Rio Grande tree toad ("Hylodes meridionalis") is a frog. It lives in Brazil. People have seen it 1400 meters above sea level.

Mehedinți County

Mehedinți is a county (județ) in Oltenia, Romania. The capital city is Drobeta-Turnu Severin.

The county has an area of . It is on the border with Serbia and Bulgaria.

Mehedinți County has 2 municipalities, 3 towns and 61 communes:



Martín Francisco Javier Mina y Larrea

General Martín Francisco Javier Mina y Larrea (July 1, 1789 – November 11, 1817), nicknamed "El Mozo" or "El Estudiante" (Student), was a Spanish lawyer and army officer, who later became a Mexican independence figure.Francisco Javier Mina was born in Otao, Navarre, to Juan Mina, a wealthy farmer, and Maria Larrea. Mina studied Latin, mathematics, and humanities at the local seminary while living in Pamplona with his uncle and aunt, Clemente and Simona Espoz. At the age of 18, he left Otago to continue his education in Zaragoza, where he began studying law at the university.

Josef Kaltenbrunner

Josef Kaltenbrunner (22 January 1888 – August 1951) was an Austrian national football player. The goalkeeper played for SK Rapid Vienna and the Austrian national football team from 1907 to 1913. He also took part in the 1912 Olympic Games.
Josef Kaltenbrunner began his career at Rapid. He played for the Austrian national team just a few months later. The background was that the major Viennese clubs had fallen out with the association, so they did not send any players to the international match against Hungary on 5 May 1907. The ÖFV therefore handed over the organization of the international match to the then small club Rapid, which now provided seven players of its own. This team was able to win 3-1.

Because the club got into debt and lost its place Kaltenbrunner moved to Vienna in 1909. 1911 he returned to Rapid and won the Austrian champions twice in 1912 and 1913. Josef Kaltenbrunner was also in the national team squad at the 1912 Olympic Games in Stockholm as the second man behind Otto Noll. After being eliminated in the quarter-finals, he was used in in the games against Italy (5:1), Norway (1:0) and Hungary (0:3). He played his last international match on 15 June 1913 against Italy. His career ended when he was called up as a soldier right at the beginning of the First World War.

Zahra Nemati

Zahra Nemati is an Iranian archer. She was born on 30 April 1985. Nemati competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Hojjatollah Vaezi

Hojjatollah Vaezi is an archer from Iran. He was born on 27 March 1977. Vaezi competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Milad Vaziri

Milad Vaziri Teymoorlooei is an Iranian archer. He was born on 9 June 1988. Vaziri competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics and 2020 Summer Olympics.

All Star Comics

All Star Comics was an anthology comic book series published from 1940 to 1951. It was published again during the 1970s. It was different from other publication because it was published by both All-American Publications and National Periodical Publications. The series had the most popular characters from the regular superhero anthology books of both publishers. The two companies later merged in 1946 to become the modern day DC Comics.

“All Star Comics” is best known for comics with the Justice Society of America. They were the first superhero team. Their story was first published in the third issue. (December 1940) It was the lead feature for the rest of the series’ run. Although the JSA adventures took up most of each new issue, there would usually be at least one other story as well.

In the eighth issue (January 1942), "All Star" introduced Wonder Woman. She was in a story by herself. It was not a part of the JSA story. Wonder Woman became one of the most popular superheroes of all time. The issue with her first story is a comic wanted by people who collect comics.

The publication schedule for “All Star” changed over time. The first four issues were published quarterly (every three months). It had Summer, Fall, Winter and Spring issues. From issue #5 (July 1941) to #17 (June 1943), it was published every other month. It published quarterly again from September 1943 (#18) to December 1945 (#27). This was likely because of a paper shortage during World War II and not a decrease in sales. With the April 1946 issue (#28), the series went back to publishing every other month. It stayed that way for the rest of its time being published.

As superheroe stories necame less populary in the end of the Golden Age, "All Star Comics" changed its name to "All Star Western". The JSA feature was replaced with cowboy heroes like Johnny Thunder.

In February 1976, the series was revived. It once again had stories about the JSA. This series ignored the “All Star Western” run entirely. It re-started the series with a new issue #58. The June 1977 issue (#66) added a hyphen to the series’ name. This officially made the title “All-Star Comics”. It lasted until issue #74 (October 1978).


1755 Cape Ann earthquake

The 1755 Cape Ann earthquake happened off the coast of British Province of Massachusetts Bay (present-day Massachusetts) on 18 November 1755. The maximum Mercalli intensity was VIII (Severe). At between 6.0 and 6.3 on the Richter scale, it was one of the biggest earthquakes in the history of Massachusetts. No one was killed, but damaged hundreds of buildings in Boston. People felt the shaking as far north as Nova Scotia and as far south as South Carolina. Even sailors on a ship over 200 miles away thought their ship was running aground at first.

Some folks in Boston believed the earthquake was a sign from God, and it made people more religious for a short time. Nowadays, if a similar earthquake hit Boston, it could cause up to $5 billion in damage and lots of deaths.


Hungry Jack's

Hungry Jack's, abbreviated to HJ's, is the exclusive Australian franchisee of the international QSR chain Burger King. Its parent corporation is Hungry Jack's Pty. Ltd which is a wholly owned subsidiary of Competitive Foods Australia, a privately held company owned by millionaire Jack Cowin and his family. HJP owns and operates or sub-licenses over 300 restaurants on that continent.

When Burger King decided to expand its operations into Australia, it found that its business name was already trademarked by a man running a small takeaway food shop in Queensland. As a result, Burger King provided the Australian franchisee, Jack Cowin, with a list of possible alternative names that the Australian Burger King restaurants could be branded as. The names were derived from pre-existing trademarks already registered by Burger King and its then corporate parent Pillsbury. Cowin selected the "Hungry Jack" brand name, one of Pillsbury's US pancake mixture products, and slightly changing the name to a possessive form by adding an apostrophe 's' thus forming the new name Hungry Jack's. Accordingly, the first Australian franchise of the Burger King Corporation, established in Perth in 1971, was branded as Hungry Jack's.

Many Hungry Jack's restaurant locations are designed around a 1950s/1960s styled theme. Background music from this era may be played within the restaurant (occasionally through a '50s era styled Jukebox) with associated contemporary pictures and memorabilia utilized as part of the interior decor. In the larger sit-down style restaurants, the seats and tables are laid out in a 1950s diner style.

The only BK trademarked products that HJ sells are the Whopper and the Ocean Catch sandwich. All other products go by a generic naming such as hamburger or chicken nuggets. Otherwise, Hungry Jack's sells the usual range of burgers but also offers an Australian specialty: the Aussie Burger. This burger is based on the traditional Australian fish and chips shop favourite, including fried egg, bacon, onion, and beetroot, with the traditional meat, lettuce, and tomato. Hungry Jack's locations are required to follow any menu changes made by Burger King.

Hungry Jack's breakfast menu, introduced in late 2005 in three states (Queensland, Western Australia, and Northern Territory) and the other states on October 31 2006, bears little resemblance to Burger King's US breakfast menu. The main breakfast sandwich is served on either an English muffin, baguette roll or as a wrap (breakfast burrito) instead of a croissant; the hash browns are served as patties as opposed to Tater Tots and they feature pancakes.

Hungry Jack's in Australia has trademarked the new slogan, 'Oh Yeah', which was featured in commercials that ran late 2005/early 2006. Other changes at Hungry Jack's include a new salad line and deli-style baguettes. While Burger King has updated its logo to the "blue crescent" design in all other markets, the Hungry Jack's logo is still based on the previous 1996 revised Burger King bun-halves logo, employing the simpler bun-and-filling motif.

Hungry Jack's Kids Club mascots are unique to the Australian franchisee, as opposed to other international locations that use one the two existing BK kid's mascots, the Burger King Kids' Club or the Honbatz. HJ does have a Kid's Club program similar to the US offering, offering themed birthday parties at its restaurants along with its Kid's Club Meals. One other noticeable difference between the HJ and BK children's programs is the placement of the apostrophe in the name: HJ places it before the "s" while BK places it after.

Hungry Jack's retains strong links with Perth, with the city's first team in the Australian Football League, the West Coast Eagles, having been sponsored by Hungry Jack's since their entry into the league in 1987. 

Other QSR vendors


Justice Documentary Festival Paris

The Justice Documentary Festival Paris is one of the oldest French judicial festivals which brings together a selection of documentaries on the theme of Justice. It awards a Jury Grand Prize and a Public Grand Prize.

The Documentary Festival on Justice or Judicial Film Festival of the Paris Bar is a national created in 1997 by President Bernard Vatier. Its head office is in Paris at the . In 2013, the President titled it “Film and justice”. Film festivals take place every year in the auditorium of the Maison du Barreau.

In 2023, the new edition of the Paris Bar Judicial Film Festival is called the Justice Documentary Festival. It is organized by the Maison du Barreau de Paris. It puts in competition 11 films on the judicial theme judged by a prestigious jury made up of personalities from the legal world, journalists and intellectuals in order to award 2 prizes including that of the Jury and that of the Public, it takes place from 18 to September 21, 2023 at the auditorium of the Paris Bar. It is considered by the press as "one of the oldest and most prestigious festivals on the theme of justice". Dylan Besseau and Guillaume Gevart were the two youngest directors in the selection, the festival was chaired by .




Doing Things Media

Doing Things Media (DTM) is a media company that makes content on pop culture and humor. It was co-founded in 2017 by Reid Hailey and Derek Lucas in Atlanta. As of 2023, the company has over 75 million followers combined on Instagram, Facebook, TikTok, YouTube, and Snapchat.

Cricbuzz

Cricbuzz is an Indian cricket news website owned by Times Internet. It provides cricket fans with news, articles, and live reports of cricket matches. This report includes videos, written commentary, player statistics, and team rankings. Cricbuzz also has a mobile app for users to get these cricket updates on their phones.

Ella Toone

Ella Ann Toone is a British footballer. She plays for Manchester United in the Women's Super League and the England national team. Before that, she played for Manchester City and Blackburn Rovers. Toone has represented England at different levels, from under-17 to the senior team. She scored the first goal in England's 2–1 victory over Germany in the UEFA Women's Euro 2022 final. This win was a big deal as it was England's second major tournament victory in international football.

Alessia Russo

Alessia Mia Teresa Russo (; born 8 February 1999), is a professional football player from England. She plays as a forward for Arsenal and also represents the England national team. Before joining Arsenal, she played for Chelsea, Brighton & Hove Albion, and Manchester United. During her college years, she played soccer for North Carolina Tar Heels. She has also played for various youth teams representing England in international competitions.

North Carolina Tar Heels

Manchester United

England


England U20

England U17

Individual

Lauren Hemp

Lauren May Hemp (born 7 August 2000), is a professional football player from England. She plays as a forward for Manchester City in the Women's Super League and also represents the England national team. She received the England Young Player of the Year award in September 2016 and 2017, and she was named the PFA Women's Young Player of the Year in 2018, 2019, 2020, and 2022.

Climate of England

England has an oceanic climate. Summers are mild, and sometimes cold and wet. 
Winters are also mild, and mostly wet and windy. 

The highest temperature ever recorded in England was on 19 July 2022 in Coningsby.

The lowest temperature ever recorded in England was on 10 January 1982 in Newport. 

The highest wind gust ever recorded in England was 196 km/h (122 mph, 55 m/s) on 18 February 2022 at The Needles, Isle of Wight.

Climate of Scotland

Scotland has an oceanic climate and a highland climate. 
Summers are mild and usually wet. 
Winters can be cold, but are usually quite mild, very wet and windy. 

The highest temperature ever recorded in Scotland was on 19 July 2022 in Charterhall. 

The lowest temperature ever recorded in Scotland was on 11 February 1895 & 10 January 1982 in Braemar, and on 30 December 1995 in Altnaharra. 

The highest wind gust ever recorded in Scotland was 312 km/h (194 mph, 87 m/s) on 19 December 2008 at Cairngorms.

Devi Bhagavata Purana

The Devi Bhagavata Purana (, '), also known as the Srimad Devi Bhagavatam is one of the eighteen Mahapuranas of Hinduism. Composed in Sanskrit by Veda Vyasa. the text is considered as a major purana for Devi worshippers. It promotes devotion towards Mahadevi.

The purana consists of twelve cantos (sections) with 318 chapters.It is one of the most important works in Shaktism

The title of the text, "Srimad Devi Bhagavata", is composed of two words, which together mean "devotees of the blessed Devi".

V6392 Sagittarii

V6392 Sagittarii is a Carbon-rich red giant star in the constellation Sagittarius, the star is located at around 38,000 light years away from earth

V5000 Sagittarii

V5000 Sagittarii is a red giant star in the constellation Sagittarius, the star is located at around 32,000 light years away from earth

Vehicle-ramming attack

A vehicle-ramming attack, also known as a vehicle as a weapon or VAW attack, is an assault in which someone deliberately rams a vehicle into a building, people, or another vehicle. According to Stratfor Global Intelligence analysts, this attack represents a relatively new militant tactic that could prove more difficult to prevent than suicide bombings. 

CD -24° 13806

CD -24° 13806, Also Named CP -24° 6137, Herschel 36 or NGC 6530 GDPR 177, is a deep blue main sequence stars in the open cluster NGC 6530, the star is located at 4,360 light years away from earth

List of current Brazilian princes and princesses

This is a list of living Brazilian imperial family members who, through royal descent or marriage, currently hold the rank of Prince of Brazil. There are 6 living princes and princesses by birthright, and a further 2 individuals who are princesses by marriage.

List of monarchs of Brazil

Succession to the Brazilian throne is determined by descent, sex, legitimacy and religion. The Brazilian monarchy came to an end on November 15, 1889, following a military coup which overthrew Emperor Pedro II and established a republic. According to the Imperial Constitution (1824), the Brazilian monarchy was hereditary according to male-preference primogeniture among the dynastic descendants of Emperor Pedro I of Brazil, and the crown could only be inherited by one who held Brazilian nationality. The Imperial constitution also states that the monarch and the first in line should be Catholic, and the marriage of a female heir presumptive required consent of the emperor or the Assembly.

Prince Bertrand of Brazil is the de jure Emperor of Brazil, and his heir presumptive is his brother, Antônio, Prince Imperial of Brazil. Antônio's two youngest children are next in order of birth: Rafael, Prince of Grão-Pará, Princess Maria Gabriela of Orléans-Braganza. Fourth in line is Princess Eleonora of Brazil, Princess of Ligne, the Emperor's sister de jure; the fifth is Eleonora's youngest son, Henri Antoine, Hereditary Prince of Ligne.

Pseudophilautus adspersus

The Sri Lanka bubble-nest frog ("Pseudophilautus adspersus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists saw it between 1,700 and 2,500 meters above sea level. This frog is now extinct.

The adult female frog was 33.3-41.7 mm long from nose to rear end.

Head of the Imperial House of Brazil

The Chiefs of the Imperial House of Brazil () are the imperial chiefs and de jure monarchs of Brazil, from the House of Braganza, who reigned from the establishment of the Brazilian monarchy in 1815 until the republican coup that overthrew the Empire of Brazil in 1889 and, shortly thereafter, created the House of Orléans-Braganza.

Wang Jingwei

Wang Jingwei was a Chinese politician who was the president of the Reorganized National Government of the Republic of China and member of the left Kuomintang. Wang was born in Sanshui, Guangdong on May 6th, 1883. Wang joined the Tongmenghui in 1905 taking the nickname "Wang Jingwei" the same year. After the death of Sun Yat-sen in 1925, Wang and Chiang Kai-shek struggled for control over the Kuomintang until 1937 when Wang formed a Japanese collaboration government in Nanjing. He served as head of state for this government until November 10th, 1944 when he died.

Montgomeryshire

Montgomeryshire is a county in Wales. Its biggest town is Newtown. It is now controlled as part of Powys.

Llanrhaeadr-ym-Mochnant

Llanrhaeadr-ym-Mochnant is a village in Powys, which is in Wales. In 2011, 1,195 people lived there.

Teeline Shorthand

Many journalists in the UK and around the world are users of a shorthand system called Teeline. 

On 15 July 1968, James Hill published a 32-page handbook on a new system he called Teeline. It was an introduction to a new, untried method of fast writing facing it's "laboratory tests." Teeline’s initial strength was its fast learning. 

In 1969, James, and his wife, I.C. Hill, followed up and published "Basic Teeline - a textbook of fast writing." 

Why was it called Teeline? Quoting from "Basic Teeline," "Because the streamlined form of the letter "T" - one of the most common letters - is used as a basis for the contraction and blending of so many words and syllables in English."

The "rules" of Teeline are relatively straightforward:


Teeline employs the use of special outlines (frequently used words which are 'reduced' to make writing even quicker). These are learned as they come up and very often, they represent just the first part of a word. 

‍Speeds above 140 wpm are not uncommon. Thorough knowledge of both Word groupings and special outlines are key to building speed. Most Teeline writers create some for their own use and this is one reason it is considered a flexible system.  

Teeline is a key feature of many NCTJ-accredited journalism courses today in the UK. The content Let's Love Teeline Together has created on YouTube links to the NCTJ ""Journalism Skills Workshop - Shorthand"" module.  There is a Teeline blog for anyone looking to improve their Teeline skills.

Did you know Teeline started out with a different name? James' wife, I. C. Hill, was known to her friends as 'Bo' and it was in honour of her James first called his system 'Boscript.'

Although Teeline has evolved over the years, often resulting in the streamlining of its theory and the simplification of certain outlines, a list of known historical published works can be found here, in descending order, most recent first. The vast majority of the books are available for purchase through eBay, Amazon or AbeBooks.com, among other sites. You may also wish to try BookFinder.com, which is a particularly good site for finding used books, rare books, textbooks, new and/or out-of-print books.

Keep in mind the more recent books will have incorporated most of the theory and outline changes the Teeline system has gone through since inception. That said, this is not to suggest there is no merit in reading older material. Many things have not changed, and there is much "gold dust" sprinkled throughout the literature that may prove valuable to you in your studies.

The Internet Archive houses many of the Teeline-related books noted above. Most are available to borrow electronically for up to one hour at a time, but some are community "texts," meaning, a PDF is available to download.

The Shorthand subreddit is a good place to meet people from around the world who share a love for shorthand. Many different types of shorthand enthusiasts engage in useful discussions every day.

Speak Now World Tour

The Speak Now World Tour was the second concert tour by American singer Taylor Swift. It was for her 2010 album "Speak Now". It started on February 9, 2011 in Singapore. It ended on March 18, 2012 in Auckland, New Zealand.

During the North American concerts, Taylor Swift made an album called Speak Now World Tour – Live. It was released on November 21, 2011, by Big Machine Records. It was her first live album. It has a CD music part and a DVD movie part.

These are the songs that Taylor Swift performed at Omaha night 1. Most of the tour was similar, but sometimes she changes the setlist. All changes are listed below, and so are the surprise songs.



Sometimes, after "Last Kiss", Taylor Swift sang a surprise cover of an artist from near the city.

Sometimes, Taylor Swift invited a guest to sing with her on stage. Here is the list of people who sang with her and the name of the song they sang together.

Ahmad Ghasemi

Ahmad Ghasemi (; born 24 April 1995) is an Iranian Ahmad Ghasemi was runner-up title in the Asian Junior Championship in 2009 held in Lebanon. He participated at the 2014 Asian U21 Championships Hong Kong, winning a bronze medal.

Torba

Torba is one of the six provinces of Vanuatu. It is the northernmost, smallest and least populous province of the country. The capital is Sola, located on the island of Vanua Lava.

Gouyave

Gouyave is a town in Grenada. It is the capital of the parish of Saint John and the second largest town in Grenada, after St. George's.

Grenville, Grenada

Grenville is a town in Grenada. It is the capital of the parish of Saint Andrew and the third largest town in Grenada.

Hylodes lateristrigatus

Baumann's tree toad ("Hylodes lateristrigatus") is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais, Espírito Santo, and São Paulo in Brazil.

California's congressional districts

California is the most populous U.S. state. Because of this, it also has the most representation in the United States House of Representatives. There are 52 congressional districts in California. Of these, 18 are in Los Angeles County, 13 are in the San Francisco Bay Area and four are in San Diego County.

<section begin="Current representatives"/>
<section end="Current representatives"/>

Hylodes mertensi

Merten's tree toad ("Hylodes mertensi") is a frog. It lives in Brazil.

2022 United States House of Representatives elections

The 2022 United States House of Representatives elections were held on November 8 2022 to elect the United States House of Representatives. It was part of the 2022 United States elections.

The Republican Party gained control of the House from the Democratic Party. Republican Kevin McCarthy replaced Democratic Nancy Pelosi as Speaker.

British Shorthair

The British Shorthair is a breed of cat. It is a natural British cat breed. In many cases, it has gray coat.

After the Roman Empire invaded the Great Britain, now part of the United Kingdom, the breed developed its own distinctive characteristics on the island for nearly 2,000 years. Organized records of the British Shorthair can be found from the 19th century, including some of the world's first National Cat Club cat shows. The breed was popular in Britain and continental Europe until the early 20th century, when its population plummeted during World War I and II. However, thanks to the efforts of breeders, the current standard of the British Shorthair has been established. In the United Kingdom, entire Europe, and Oceania, it was one of the most popular breeds in the early days of cat shows and remains so today. In North America, on the other hand, the breed only began to gain traction with fanciers in the 1980s.

They grow from 3 to 5 years of age, and when fully grown, males weigh between 4 and 8 kilograms. Males are generally larger than females. Their body type is more of a semi-cobby type, with a large, rounded head, and their ears shouldn't be large compared to their head. Their eyes are large and round, with fleshy cheeks that give them a grumpy look, but they have a gentle smile. The body is solid and well-boned. It should have a short, thick neck. The legs are also thick and short, and the tail is rounded at the end and about two-thirds the length of the body. Their fur is short, dense, and stiff. They come in a variety of colors, with blue being the most common. Their eye color is related to their coat color. It's a short-haired breed, but that doesn't mean it doesn't shed.

They are careful and gentle, quiet and patient. Like an English gentleman, they are considerate of other animals, such as dogs, and live peacefully with them. Their large, round eyes are constantly communicating. They are very affectionate and want to be near people.

Only Up!

Only Up! is a video game by SCKR Games. The game was first on Steam on May 24, 2023. It was taken from the Steam store for not respecting copyright laws. It was removed again because the creator felt stressed.

Critics gave great opinions for the difficulty of "Only Up!". They also said that the graphics in the game were not good. The game was similar to the video games "Getting Over It with Bennett Foddy" and "Jump King". "Only Up!" was the most popular game on Twitch and Kick.

The game starts in a junkyard. The main character, Jackie, must climb up obstacles. Shortcuts include beds as trampolines. There are no checkpoints. The player must complete the game without falling.

"Only Up!"'s gameplay is traced back to "Jack and the Beanstalk". On June 15, 2023, SCKR Games released an update. This added camera controls. The player can now switch between first- and third-person perspectives.

"Only Up!" was removed from Steam on June 30, 2023. It had copyright violations. One of them was a 3D model of a statue. It was made by an artist named Aboulicious. SCKR Games released an update and removed the statue. "Only Up!" was up to play again on July 1. SCKR Games asked Abolicious to create a new 3D model, and it was later replaced by a statue of Atlas. 

On September 7, 2023, "Only Up!" was permanently removed. The creator was stressed. They said that they needed "peace of mind and healing" The developer announced their next video game, "Kith".

In October 2021, all blockchain games that buy and sell non-fungible tokens (NFTs) were not playable. Truth Labs created the Goblintown NFT series. They released it under a Creative Commons 0 license. "Only Up!" had NFTs around the game. The NFT series later sold clothing inspired by the game.

"Only Up!" released on May 24, 2023. Players from China, Japan, and Spain played the game. In June 2023, "Only Up!" was the sixth most popular game. A big attraction is because of how much progress a player loses when they fall down.

Critics say that "Only Up!"'s felt tense. They compared "Only Up!" to "Getting Over It with Bennett Foddy". Ayuo Kawase of "Automaton Media" commented about the tension. Writing for "TechRadar", Elie Gould felt that "Only Up!" was stressful when a player is in the game. Ben Lyons of "Gamereactor", giving a score of 7/10, wrote that the game was without checkpoints. Rating the game three out of five stars, "Dexerto"'s Rishabh Sabarwal summarized the "captivating" gameplay. The player could fall at any point in the journey. However, journalist Jason Cartwright of "TechAU" said the gameplay was "very rewarding".

"Only Up!"'s design was not liked by critics. "Try Hard Guides"' Christian Harrison, Gould, and Lyons agreed that the design was not good. However, Cartwright praised the "beautiful" graphics when using a high-tech computer. Even though Kawase wrote that "Only Up!" was not easy to look at, Harrison said that the setting for graphics were at their highest. A widespread opinion was that "Only Up!" was unoriginal in gameplay.

"OnlyUp Fortnite" is a "Fortnite" map created in Unreal Engine. This version takes "Only Up"'s gameplay and adds objects from "Fortnite". "OnlyUp Fortnite" was more popular than the original game. 100,000 players played the game in July 2023.



Rand Saad

Rand Saad Al-Mashhadani is an Iraqi archer. She was born on 11 August 1994. Saad competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

James Conroy

James Conroy is an Irish archer. He was born on 28 April 1943. Conroy competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Hazel Greene

Hazel Greene-Pereira is an Irish archer. She was born on 19 November 1960. Greene competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics, 1984 Summer Olympics, and the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Big Log

"Big Log" is a 1983 song by Robert Plant and is the leading single from his second studio album "The Principle of Moments". It went to number 20 in the United States, number 11 in the United Kingdom, number 5 in the Netherlands and Belgium, number 23 in Australia and number 7 in New Zealand.

A: "Big Log" (Plant, Blunt, Woodroffe) – 5:03
B: "Messin' with the Mekon" (Plant, Blunt, Paul Martinez) – 4:40

A: "Big Log" (Plant, Blunt, Woodroffe) – 5:03
B: "Far Post" (Plant, Blunt, Woodroffe) – 4:44

The Wrestler (song)

"The Wrestler" is a 2008 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the title track to the 2008 movie "The Wrestler". It also is the third single from his 16th studio album "Working on a Dream" and went to number 93 in the United Kingdom, number 40 in Ireland, number 14 in Norway, number 63 in Canada, number 19 in Sweden and number 56 in the Netherlands. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2010.

Dylan Besseau

Dylan Besseau (born September 15, 1997) is a French filmmaker and producer born in Vietnam.

He followed his schooling at the private Catholic institution Saint-Gabriel/Saint-Michel in the commune of Saint-Laurent-sur-Sèvre. He obtained his general baccalaureate ES at the private high school of Brittany in 2014. Then, he began a university course at the faculty of law in Nantes in 2015, but abandoned his studies to reorient himself to study cinema in art school, after being struck by seeing the film .

In 2018, he studies in art school. The same year, he followed audiovisual internships in various associations, where he carried out some projects in co-production with France 3 Pays de la Loire.</br>
In 2019, he began his career with director Jean-Yves Bilien.. He directs the short film "Happiness" based on the song "Like a Blooming Season" by .</br>
In 2021, he directed the feature-length documentary "La légende de Thierry Mauvignier" about the director Thierry Mauvignier, also distributed on Prime Video. Through this film, he is portrayed as a filmmaker who : "Seems to share with us, nonetheless, a question that he appears to carry finding his more personal voice through a prescribed exercise, one in which he doesn't seem entirely comfortable or in agreement. The result, in any case, reflects this internal conflict, as the film grapples with two conflicting aspirations : the commissioned, marketing-driven objective and the desire of a young filmmaker attempting to bring forth his own unique perspective." .</br>
In 2022, he created the Wooksart Foundation, a charitable audiovisual association bringing together around thirty members which will produce a short documentary film on .</br>
In 2023, he produced the documentary "The Venus Chained" which won the honorable mention at the Student World Impact Film Festival then, he directed the documentary "" with the french lawyer Anne Bouillon whose musical soundtrack composed by Keziah Chamsidini, the son of . He will film a scene at the with the essayist Laurent Kupferman This film will be selected at the Justice Documentary Festival, he's the youngest producer in the selection of the first new edition.</br>






Kris Statlander

Kristen Stadtlander (born August 7, 1995) is an American professional wrestler. She currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Kris Statlander.

During her time in AEW, Statlander has been a one-time AEW TBS Champion.

On the November 19, 2019 episode of "Dark", Statlander made her AEW in-ring debut teaming with Big Swole and being defeated by Riho and Britt Baker. On the December 4 episode of "Dynamite", Statlander got her first AEW win when she defeated Hikaru Shida. On December 9, 2019, it was confirmed by AEW that Statlander had signed a contract with them.

On the December 18 episode of "Dynamite", Statlander defeated Britt Baker to become number one contender for the AEW Women's World Championship. Statlander would go onto lose to AEW Women's World Champion Riho after Brandi Rhodes and her group interfered. She would also face then-AEW Women's Champion Nyla Rose at Revolution but lost again.

At Double or Nothing on May 28, 2023, Statlander returned from an ACL tear. She challenged Jade Cargill's open challenge after her match with Taya Valkyrie. Statlander would defeat Cargill and become the AEW TBS Champion. It was Statlander's first championship in AEW. She also ended Cargill's winning streak at 60 matches in the progress.

At Full Gear, Statlander would lose the title to Julia Hart.

Valeria del Campo

Valeria del Campo Gutiérrez (born 15 February 2000), is a Costa Rican football player. She plays as a centre back for the C.F. Monterrey team in the Mexican Liga MX Femenil league. She is also a part of the Costa Rica women's national team. Del Campo played a crucial role in helping C.F. Monterrey win the Apertura title in the 2021-22 season. Her contribution made her the first Costa Rican player to be a part of a championship-winning team in the Liga MX Femenil.

Valeria del Campo made her debut for the Costa Rica national team on 3rd August 2019 when they played against Argentina during the 2019 Pan American Games.

Ruby Soho (wrestler)

Dori Elizabeth Prange (born January 9, 1991) is an American professional wrestler. She currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Ruby Soho.

She is also known for her time wrestling in WWE where she wrestled under the name Ruby Riott. Soho has also wrestled in Stardom, Shimmer, and Shine as well as the independent circuit.

During her time in AEW, Soho was the winner of the 2022 Women's Casino Battle Royale.

At All Out on September 5, 2021, Soho made her debut as the Joker in the Women's Casino Battle Royal match. She won the match after last eliminating Thunder Rosa and earned a shot at Britt Baker's AEW Women's World Championship. She would lose to Baker on Part I of AEW Grand Slam because of interference by Jamie Hayter and Rebel in the match.

She would then enter the tournament to crown the first AEW TBS Champion. She defeated Penelope Ford, Kris Statlander, and Nyla Rose in the first three rounds before losing to Jade Cargill in the finals. She entered the Owen Hart Foundation Women's Tournament and made it to the finals before losing to Britt Baker.

At Revolution, Soho attack Baker and Jamie Hayter after their match, turning heel and joining Toni Storm and Saraya.


Al-Quds Brigades

Al-Quds Brigades (AQB) (, "Saraya al-Quds" meaning "Jerusalem Brigades") is the armed wing of the Palestinian Islamist organization Palestinian Islamic Jihad (PIJ), which was founded in 1981 by Fathi Shaqaqi and Abd Al Aziz Awda in Gaza. It is now, the second largest militant group in the Gaza Strip, after Hamas. Currently the AQB's leader is Ziyad al-Nakhalah, who lives in Beirut, Lebanon. The head of AQB in the Gaza Strip was Baha Abu al-Ata until he was killed in a airstrike in November 2019.

Unchained Melody

"Unchained Melody" is a 1955 song recorded by Alex North and was recorded for the movie "Unchained". It has been covered by numerous artists over the years including The Righteous Brothers in 1965 and was used in the 1990 movie "Ghost". It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia, the Netherlands, Austria and Ireland.

Leopold Resch

Leopold Resch (11 October 1900 – 18 January 1971) was an Austrian football player. He played as midfielder for SC Wacker Wien and the Austrian national football team.
Resch began his football career at Wacker in 1913 at the age of thirteen. Apart from a brief interlude with Meidlinger Sportfreunde, he remained loyal to them throughout his entire career. From 1917 on he played in his favorite position of center half for Wacker until 1929. The greatest success was reaching the cup final in 1923.
Resch played 16 matches for the Austrian national football team. He debuted on 15 January 1922 in a 3-3 away match versus Italy. His last match was on 20 March 1927 in a 1-2 home loss versus Czechoslowakia.
Poldl Resch worked professionally in his father's trucking company. After his football career he owned a Café (Café Resch) on Schönbrunner Straße in Meidling. He found the time to continue working at Wacker. He was both manager and board member and also coach of the club until 1937. During the war he worked in Vienna with the Luftwaffen SV around 1940. After the war he coached the team from St. Marienkirchen/Schärding

Tiger 3

Tiger 3 is an 2023 Indian Hindi language action-thriller movie. It is directed by Maneesh Sharma and produced by Aditya Chopra. It is a sequel of "Ek Tha Tiger" (2012) and "Tiger Zinda Hai" (2015) and is the fifth installment in the YRF Spy Universe. The movie stars Salman Khan, Katrina Kaif and Emraan Hashmi. 

This movie following the events of "Tiger Zinda Hai, War" and "Pathaan".

The music of the film is composed by Pritam while the lyrics are written by Irshad Kamil and Amitabh Bhattacharya. The background score is composed by Tanuj Tiku. The first single titled "Leke Prabhu Ka Naam" was released on 23 October 2023. 

The movie was originally scheduled to be release theatrically on 21 April 2023 in Eid, but was postponed, and released on 12 November 2023 on Diwali. Additionally, movie was dubbed and released in Tamil and Telugu languages. The official trailer was released on 16 October 2023.

Criminal (Fiona Apple song)

"Criminal" is a 1997 song by Fiona Apple and is the third single from her debut studio album "Tidal". It went to number 21 in the United States, number 51 in Australia and number 28 in Canada and won a Grammy Award in 1998.



Julien Reverchon

Julien Reverchon ( – ) was a French botanist and naturalist.
He was born in the commune of Diémoz.

Julien was the son of Maximillian and Florine Jacques Reverchon. 
His father was a follower of Charles Fourier, and he made the decision of joining Victor Prosper Considerant, who lived in the Fourier Colony, in Texas, U.S. 
Julien, who was already interested in the natural world at a young age, had already collected nearly 2,000 species of plants with his brother. 

The family moved to Réunion Vicinty in December 1856, and learned of the failure of the Fourier Colony. Jacques Reverchon then bought a small farm in the vicinity. Julien began to study the plant life. He married Marie Henri on 24 July 1864, and they had two sons. Unfortunately, both of their sons died of typhoid fever in 1884. 

After leaving botany for a few years, he started collecting plants in 1869, when he made an expedition to collect fossils with Jacob Boll (1828–1880) in West Texas. With later collections, he provided to the productions of noted studies of plants by Asa Gray and Charles Sprague Sargent and the improvement of many American collections. He thought botany at the end of his life in Dallas. At the time of his death in 1905, more than 2,600 species were cultured in his farm, and he possessed a rich herbarium of 20,000 specimens. Today, it is kept at the Missouri Botanical Garden in the city of St. Louis.

Julien Reverchon died on , at the age of 68. 
LA to the Moon Tour

The LA to the Moon Tour was American singer Lana Del Rey's fourth concert tour. It was for her album "Lust for Life", which came out in 2017. The tour started on January 5, 2018 in Minneapolis, United States. It ended on August 10, 2018 in Budapest, Hungary.

These are the songs that Lana Del Rey sang at the first show of the tour. She did not always sing the same songs at every show.
Lana Del Rey planned two other concerts for the tour that did not happen. She cancelled the Kansas City concert because she was sick. She also cancelled the Israel concert because it would help Palestine with their war.

Nadia Almada

Nadia Conceição Almada (born 28 January 1977) is a Portuguese reality television star who lives in the United Kingdom. Almada became known in the UK after winning the fifth series of "Big Brother UK". Since then, she has appeared on many TV shows (including a winners version of "Big Brother"). Almada also released a song in 2004. She is a transgender woman. 

Talmage Boston

Talmage Boston (born October 1, 1953) is an American attorney, presidential and baseball historian, author and speaker.

Boston worked as an associate from 1978-1981 at Shank, Irwin, Conant, Williamson, & Greville. From 1981-1997, he joined Payne & Vendig as an associate and later became their partner. He served as an equity shareholder of Winstead PC from 1997-2017. Since October 2017, Boston has been a partner at Shackelford, Bowen, McKinley & Norton, LLP.

He was inducted into the Texas Baseball Hall of Fame as a Media Member in 1997. Boston has received the Terry Lee Grantham Award in 2019 and the Dan Rugeley Price Memorial Award in June, 2022. In the same year, he received the State Bar of Texas Litigation Section's Luke Soules Award. Boston was recognized as "History Maker of the Year" in the field of History by the Dallas Historical Society in 2023.

Talmage has authored five books related to baseball, legal and presidential history.

Zig (album)

Zig is American singer Poppy's fifth album. It was released on October 27, 2023 with Sumerian Records.

Poppy said in 2022 that she was making a new album. On April 4, 2023, she released the song "Church Outfit" from the album. It was her first new song for Sumerian Records in a while. She was releasing music under Republic Records for just a short time.

Poppy released the second song from the album called "Knockoff" in July 2023. She announced the "Zig" album on the same day. She also released the song "Motorbike" in September because it was leaked online. In October, she released "Hard".

In 2023, Poppy and Pvris did a tour called the Godless/Goddess Tour. At the concerts, Poppy sang the song "Hard" from the album before it was released.

Poppy will go on the Zig Tour for the album in 2024. She also was the opening act for Bad Omens.


"Zig" is a "genre-blending" album, but it is mostly known as dark pop.

Craig Phillips

Craig Phillips (born 16 October 1971) is an English builder. He won the first season of "Big Brother UK" in 2000. He appeared in many television series since then and has done charity work, including creating a charity single. Phillips also donated the £70,000 money prize of his win to his friend who had down syndrome.

I Disagree

I Disagree is the third album by American singer Poppy. It was released on January 10, 2020. It is her first album with the label Sumerian Records. It is her last collaboration with Titanic Sinclair, who was accused of domestic abuse.

A new version of the album, "I Disagree (more)", came out on August 14, 2020. It was the same as "I Disagree", but with new bonus songs and a new cover art.

Poppy started making "I Disagree" right after she released "Am I a Girl?". Many people give the album different genres, including heavy metal and pop. Poppy came up with her own label called "post-genre". She also said it is "heavy", and called it a follow up to her songs "Play Destroy" and "X".

Poppy released the first song, "Concrete" in August 2019. The album was announced in September. In October, she released the song "I Disagree". In November, she released "Bloodmoney" and announced a tour. In December, she released the last single, "Fill the Crown".

The album "I Disagree" was released on January 10, 2020.

In July 2020, Poppy announced "I Disagree (more)" and released its single "Khaos x4". It was released on August 14, 2020. It is a new version of the album that has extra songs and a new cover art.

"I Disagree" is an album that uses a lot of different genres.

These are the genres that the album has been described as:


These are the genres that the album takes parts from. This means that it is not actually these genres, but it is inspired by them.


According to Metacritic, "I Disagree" was considered "generally favorable". It has a score of 72 out of 100.

Pilton, Somerset

Pilton is a village in Somerset, England. It is on the A361 road in Mendip District. The village has a population of 998. It has the hamlets of West Compton, East Compton, Westholme, Beardly Batch, and Cannards Grave. It is the location of the annual Glastonbury Festival.

Pilton is from the sea. It sits on the edge of the Somerset Levels, which used to be a shallow lake before it drained. It is 3 miles (5 km) south west of Shepton Mallet and 6 miles (10 km) east of Glastonbury.

Pilton is in the Mendip District. Mendip is responsible for Pilton's local government. Somerset County Council is responsible for local services like schools and libraries.

Pilton is famous because it hosts the Glastonbury Festival. Everyone who lives in the village gets a free ticket.


AD 201

Year 201 (CCI) was a common year starting on Thursday in the Julian calendar. It was known as the Year of the Consulship of Fabianus and Arrius and year 954 "Ab urbe condita."



Thunder Rosa

Melissa Cervantes (born July 22, 1986) is a Mexican-American professional wrestler. She currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Thunder Rosa.

She has also wrestled for Stardom, Impact Wrestling, and National Wrestling Alliance (NWA). She wrestled for Lucha Underground under the ring name Kobra Moon.

During her time in AEW, Rosa was a one-time AEW Women's World Champion.

On the August 22, 2020 episode of "Dynamite", Rosa made her debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). She made her AEW in-ring debut by defeating Serena Deeb on the September 2 episode of "Dynamite". She would go on to face Hikaru Shida for the AEW Women's World Championship at All Out but lost.

On the March 17, 2021 episode of "Dynamite", Rosa faced Britt Baker in a Lights Out match. Rosa was able to defeat Baker in the match. The match was the first women's main event in "Dynamite" history and was well liked and praised by fans and critics.

On July 22, 2021, AEW announced that Rosa had officially signed a contract to be a part of the roster. 

At St. Patrick's Day Slam, Rosa faced Baker for the AEW Women's World Championship in a steel cage. Rosa was able to win the match and the championship. This was Rosa's first championship in AEW. After many successful defences, Rosa announced on the August 24 at "Dynamite" that she had gotten injured and couldn't defend the title anymore. On the November 23 episode of "Dynamite", Rosa gave her championship up because of the injury.

Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia

The crown prince of Saudi Arabia () is the second-most important position in Saudi Arabia. It is second to the King. The crown prince is the heir to the throne. The Crown Prince takes power with the approval of the Allegiance Council. This system was started during the reign of King Abdullah. If, for any reason, the King can not rule, the Crown Prince manage the affairs of the state until the King's return. 

Mohammed bin Salman, son of King Abdullah, became Crown Prince in June 2017. This took place after Muhammad bin Nayef was removed from all positions.

The Crown Prince is referred to as His Royal Highness and then Sir.

Hikaru Shida

She also wrestles for Oz Academy and Pro Wrestling Wave. She is known for her time in the Ice Ribbon promotion.

During her time in AEW, Shida has been a three-time AEW Women's World Champion. She also held the record for the longest reign in the championship's history at 372 days and tied with most reigns as champion with 3.

On April 9, 2019, Shida signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). She made her AEW in-ring debut at Double or Nothing on May 25, 2019. She wrestled in a six-woman tag team match with Riho and Ryo Mizunami to defeat Aja Kong, Emi Sakura, and Yuka Sakazaki. 

At All Out, Shida faced Riho and defeated her. The winner would face Nyla Rose to see who would become the first AEW Women's World Champion. On the January 1, 2020 episode of "Dynamite", Shida faced Riho, Britt Baker, and Nyla Rose in a four-way match for the AEW Women's World Championship but lost.

At Double or Nothing, Shida faced Nyla Rosa for the AEW Women's World Championship. She was able to win the match and the championship. This was Shida's first championship in AEW. Shida would successfully defend the title again multiple opponents throughout the year. After a reign of 372 days, the longest reign in the championship's history, Shida was defeated by Britt Baker at Double or Nothing on May 30, 2021. 

Shida would then enter the Owen Hart Foundation Women's Tournament. On the May 6, 2022 episode of "Rampage", Shida defeated Julia Hart in the to first round. However, she had to drop out of the tournament and was replaced by Kris Statlander because she was in Japan at the time and couldn't re-enter the country.

On the August 2, 2023 episode of "Dynamite", Shida would defeat Toni Storm and win her second AEW Women's World Championship. At All In, Shida lost the title to Saraya in a four-way may that also featured Britt Baker and Toni Storm.

On the October 10 episode of "Dynamite", Shida would win the AEW Women's World Championship back from Saraya. This was Shida's third championship win which broke a record for most reigns as champ. Shida would lose the title to "Timeless" Toni Storm at Full Gear.


Ceuta (Congress of Deputies constituency)

Ceuta () is a constituency in Spain. It represents the autonomous city of Ceuta and elects one member.


Melilla (Congress of Deputies constituency)

Melilla (, ) is a constituency in Spain. It represents the autonomous city of Melilla and elects one member.


Pseudophilautus temporalis

Pseudophilautus temporalis is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists saw this frog exactly one time. It is now extinct.

The adult female frog is 28.4-31.0 mm long from nose to rear end.

Scientists believe that these frogs hatched out of its eggs as small frogs, not tadpoles, like other frogs in "Pseudophilautus".

Jamie Hayter

Paige Wooding (born 23 April 1995) is a British professional wrestler. She currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

She is also known for her time wrestling in Revolution Pro Wrestling (RevPro) and Stardom.

During her time in AEW, Hayter is a one-time AEW Women's World Champion.

On 23 October 2019 episode of "Dynamite", Hayter made her AEW in-ring debut losing to Britt Baker. She was supposed to wrestle for AEW some more in the weeks after but went back to Japan and couldn't return because of the COVID-19 pandemic. 

On the 13 August 2021 debut episode of "Rampage", Hayter made her return to AEW as a heel. She helped Britt Baker in a post-match beatdown of Red Velvet and Kris Statlander. It was announced by AEW the next day that she had signed a contract with them.

She would then enter a tournament to crown the first AEW TBS Champion. On the 3 November episode of "Dynamite", Hayter would defeat Anna Jay in the first round. She would lose to Thunder Rosa in the next round on the 24 November episode of "Rampage".

She entered the Owen Hart Foundation Women's Tournament and defeated Skye Blue on the 1 April episode of "Rampage". She would lose to Toni Storm in the quarterfinals.

She suffered a broken nose after a loss to Thunder Rosa in a AEW Women's World Championship match at AEW Battle of the Belts III.

At Full Gear, Hayter defeated Toni Storm to become the interim AEW Women's World Champion.

AEW Women's World champion Thunder Rosa would give up the title of the next "Dynamite". Due to this, Hayter became the official champion. Hayter had her first title defense against Hikaru Shida at Holiday Bash. Hayter would win the match and the match was well liked by people backstage. At Double or Nothing, Hayter would lose the title to Toni Storm.

Keith Hanlon

Keith Hanlon is an Irish archer. He was born on 1 September 1966. Hanlon competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Noel Lynch

Noel Lynch is an Irish archer. He was born on 8 October 1955. Lynch competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Joseph Malone

Joseph Malone is an Irish archer. He was born on 15 February 1957. Malone competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Brody King

Nathan Troy Blauvelt (born March 17, 1987) is an American professional wrestler, singer, and actor. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Brody King.

He has also wrestled in Major League Wrestling (MLW), Ring of Honor (ROH), and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW).

During his time in AEW, King has been a one-time AEW World Trios Champion. 

Outside of professional wrestling, King is the lead sing for the hardcore band God's Hate.

On January 12, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", King debuted with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He debuted as a heel, joined Malakai Black's stable the House of Black by attacking The Varsity Blondes (Brian Pillman Jr. and Griff Garrison) and Penta El Zero Miedo after their match. On the February 23, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Buddy Murphy would also join the House of Black.

During the Revolution buy-in on March 6, the House of Black would defeat the team of Pac, Penta Oscuro, and Erick Redbeard.

On March 5, 2023 at Revolution, King and the House of Black defeated The Elite (Kenny Omega, Matt Jackson, and Nick Jackson) to become the new AEW World Trios Champions. This was King's first championship in AEW. At All In, King and the House of Black would lose the titles to Billy Gunn and the The Acclaimed (Max Caster and Anthony Bowens).

Buddy Matthews

Matthew Adams (born 26 September 1988) is an Australian professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Buddy Matthews.

He is also known for his time wrestling in WWE where he wrestled under the ring names Buddy Murphy and Murphy. In WWE, he was a one-time NXT Tag Team Champion, one-time WWE Cruiserweight Champion, and one-time WWE Raw Tag Team Champion.

During his time in AEW, Matthews has been a one-time AEW World Trios Champion.

After leaving WWE, Murphy switched his name to Buddy Matthews. His first appearance would be for New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). He appeared at Battle in the Valley and lost to Kazuchika Okada.

He would then appear on Major League Wrestling (MLW)'s Blood & Thunder event where he lost to TJP on 21 January 2022.

On 23 February 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Matthews made his debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). After Malakai Black and Brody King's match, they attacked and beat down Pac and Penta Oscuro. Before Black was about to impale Penta with a shovel, the lights went out and came back on with Matthews in the ring. Matthews would join Black's stable the House of Black and join the attack on Pac and Penta. After the show, AEW owner Tony Khan announced that Matthews had signed a contract with AEW.

During the Revolution buy-in on March 6, the House of Black would defeat the team of Pac, Penta Oscuro, and Erick Redbeard.

On March 5, 2023 at Revolution, Matthews and the House of Black defeated The Elite (Kenny Omega, Matt Jackson, and Nick Jackson) to become the new AEW World Trios Champions. This was Matthews's first championship in AEW. At All In, Matthews and the House of Black would lose the titles to Billy Gunn and the The Acclaimed (Max Caster and Anthony Bowens).

He is engaged to WWE wrestler Rhea Ripley.

Anthony Bowens

Anthony Bowens (born December 18, 1990) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and is one-third of the current AEW World Trios Champions.

He has also appeared in WrestlePro, Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW), Global Force Wrestling (GWF), and Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).

During his time in AEW, Bowens has been a one-time AEW World Tag Team Champion and one-time AEW World Trios Champion.

On the September 25, 2020 episode of "Dark" (aired November 6), Bowens debuted with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He teamed with Lee Johnson and they lost to Chaos Project (Luther and Serpentico). On the November 27 episode of "Dark", Bowens would team with Max Caster in a loss against Best Friends (Chuck Taylor and Trent). On November 3, AEW owner Tony Khan announced that both Bowens and Caster had signed a five-year contract with AEW to wrestle as a tag team and the would call themselves The Acclaimed.

At Holiday Bash, The Acclaimed would face the Young Bucks for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but lost.

In May 2022, Bowens would be confined to a wheelchair because of knee surgery but he still continued to cut promos and be at ringside for Caster's matches. Bowens would return to the ring at Blood & Guts. He would enter the ring and accidently hit Caster's teammate Austin Gunn with the crutch he had.

At Grand Slam, The Acclaimed managed by Billy Gunn and DJ Whoo Kid faced Swerve In Our Glory (Keith Lee and Swerve Strickland) managed by Fabolous. The Acclaimed would defeat them and win the AEW World Tag Team Championship. This was Bowens' first championship in AEW and with the win, he became the first openly gay wrestler to become an AEW champion. They would lose the title to The Gunns (Austin Gunn and Colten Gunn) on the February 8, 2023 episode of "Dynamite".

At All In, The Acclaimed and Billy Gunn would defeated the House of Black (Malakai Black, Brody King, and Buddy Matthews) to win the AEW World Trios Championship.

Bowens is openly gay. He is married to his husband YouTuber Michael Pavano.

Hossein Rahmati

Hossein Rahmati (, born March 21, 1994) is an Iranian professional basketball player.

He currently plays for Fryshuset in the Swedish Basketball League as well as for the Iranian national basketball team, as a Power Forward. He is 6'8" in height. He was a member of the Iran national youth team. He played at the 2013 FIBA Under-19 World Championship FIBA Under-19 World Championship in Prague, Switzerland.

1. <nowiki></br></nowiki> 2. https://www.fiba.basketball/oqt/italy/2016/player/Hossein-Rahmati 3. https://www.asia-basket.com/player/Hossein_Rahmati/Iran/Mashad/260188 4. https://websites.sportstg.com/comp_info.cgi?intStatID=1134&action=ROUND_STATS&compID=281603&pool=-1&round=14&stat_action=ROUND_STATS&client=11-3296-0-281603-0 5. https://basketball.realgm.com/player/Hossein-Rahmati/Summary/52308<nowiki></br></nowiki> 6. https://basketball.realgm.com/player/Hossein-Rahmati/Summary/52308<nowiki></br></nowiki> 7. https://www.fiba.basketball/oqt/italy/2016/player/Hossein-Rahmati<nowiki></br></nowiki> 8. https://www.fiba.basketball/fr/oqt/italy/2016/player/Hossein-Rahmati<nowiki></br></nowiki> 9. https://www.proballers.com/basketball/player/64288/hossein-rahmati<nowiki></br></nowiki> 10. https://www.asia-basket.com/player/Hossein-Rahmati/Iran/Parsa-Mashad/260188<nowiki></br></nowiki> 11. https://en.everybodywiki.com/Hossein_Rahmati_basketball 12. https://www.youthbasket.com/player/Hossein-Rahmati/Iran/Parsa-Mashad/260188<nowiki></br></nowiki>

I Disappear

"I Disappear" is a 2000 song by Metallica. It was taken from the "Mission Impossible" soundtrack and went to number 35 in the United Kingdom, number 76 in the United States, number 25 in Sweden, Scotland and Austria, number 2 in Finland, number 45 in France, number 6 in Greece, number 31 in Ireland, number 36 in the Netherlands and number 8 in Norway and Italy.

The CD maxi single of "I Disappear" has only two tracks, the title song and its instrumental version.

Jishnu Raghavan

Jishnu Raghavan Alingkil (23 April 1979 – 25 March 2016), known mononymously as Jishnu, was an Indian actor who predominantly appeared in Malayalam films. He was the son of actor Raghavan. He is best known for his debut film "Nammal" (2002), for which he received the Kerala Film Critics Association Award for Best Actor and Mathrubhumi Film Award for Best Male Debut. His last film was "Traffic" (2016).

Jishnu was born on 23 April 1979 in Kannur, Kerala to film actor and director Raghavan and Shobha. He has a younger sister named Jyothsna. He had married to his longtime girlfriend Dhanya Rajan, who was his junior at college and also an architect.


Bioplastic

Bioplastics are plastic materials that are made from biomass sources. These include vegetable fats and oils, corn starch, straw and food waste. Some bioplastics are made directly from natural biopolymers such as polysaccharides (e.g., starch and cellulose) and proteins (e.g. gluten, and gelatin). Others are chemically synthesised from sugar derivatives and lipids. In contrast, common plastics, also called petro-based polymers, are made from petroleum or natural gas.

One good thing about bioplastics is is that they are not made from fossil fuel. This is good because there is only a limited amount of fossil fuels. They also can not be found everywhere. This leads to petroleum politics and affects the environment. Studies show that some bioplastics can be made with a lower carbon footprint. Other bioplastics' processes are less efficient and cause a higher carbon footprint than fossil plastics.

Red Army (football)

The Red Army, initially known for troublemaking fans of Manchester United, has become a broader fan group for the club. They were once a notable hooligan firm, sometimes called the Men in Black for their black clothing. Sub-groups exist, such as the Young Munichs and the Inter City Jibbers, with some involvement in criminal activities. In the past, the Red Army caused problems during the 1970s, prompting crowd segregation and fencing at football grounds. They've been featured in documentaries and books. Their activities have declined since the late 1980s, mirroring the decrease in football hooliganism.

Hashmatullah Shahidi

Hashmatullah Shahidi (Pashto: حشمت الله شاهدي; born 4 November 1994) is an Afghan cricketer and currently the captain of Afghanistan national cricket team in One Day International(ODI) and Test cricket. He became the first Afghan player to score a double hundred in Test cricket. He idolises the Sri Lankan great, Kumar Sangakkara.


Pseudophilautus halyi

Pseudophilautus halyi is a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. Scientists saw it in one place: Pattipola. This species is now extinct.

Nico Ditch

Nico Ditch is a long earthwork in Greater Manchester, England. It's about six miles (9.7 km) in length and runs between Ashton-under-Lyne and Stretford. People made this earthwork between the 5th and 11th century. They might have built it as a defense or to show where one area ends and another begins.

Some parts of the ditch are still there today, where it stretches for about 330 yards (300 m), in Denton Golf Course. In places where it's still visible, the ditch is 4 to 5 yards (3.7 to 4.6 m) wide and up to 5 feet (1.5 m) deep. The government has given protection to a part of this earthwork because it's very old and important. They call it a Scheduled Ancient Monument.

Saint Sophia Cathedral, Kyiv

Saint Sophia Cathedral in Kyiv, Ukraine, is an architectural monument built by Kievan Rus'. The former cathedral is one of the city's best known landmarks and the first heritage site in Ukraine to be on the World Heritage List along with the Kyiv Cave Monastery complex. Aside from its main building, the cathedral includes a group of supporting structures such as a bell tower and the House of Metropolitan. In 2011 the historic site was moved from the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Regional Development of Ukraine to the jurisdiction of the Ministry of Culture of Ukraine. One of the reasons for the move was that both Saint Sophia Cathedral and Kyiv Pechersk Lavra are recognized by the UNESCO World Heritage Program as one complex, while in Ukraine the two were governed by different government entities. It is currently a museum.

Lil Tay

Tay Tian (born July 29, 2007), better known as Lil Tay, is an American-Canadian internet celebrity and rapper. She became famous on social media in 2017 after creating videos where she showed her wealth and money.

It was often said that Lil Tay's videos were created by her older brother. It was also revealed the Lil Tay and her brother would film the videos in the luxury homes that their mother, a real estate agent, was working with. Tay's mother and father shared custody of her until 2018 when her father took full custody of her and Lil Tay disappeared from the internet.

On August 9, 2023, Lil Tay's Instagram account was updated with a post saying that she had died. Not long after, it was revealed that she was alive. Lil Tay returned to the internet with claims that her father was abusive. Her mother then took full custody of Lil Tay. She regained her fame due to these events and released a song called "Sucker 4 Green" on September 30.

Hylodes glaber

The Itatiaia tree toad ("Hylodes glaber") is a frog. It lives in Rio de Janeiro in Brazil. People have seen it in and near Itatiaia.

Leopard 1

The Leopard 1 ( sometimes written as Leopard I ) is a German main battle tank. It was designed by Porsche and manufactured by Krauss Maffei in West Germany. It was also simply known as the Kampfpanzer. It first entered service in 1965. 

The Leopard 1 was not used much over the past 58 years. It was used at some point in the Cold War. It was also used to help the Ukrainian resisting forces in the Russian invasion of Ukraine.

The successor was the Leopard 2, and in 1979, the Leopard 2 entered service.

Civil Aviation Authority of Bangladesh

Civil Aviation Authority of Bangladesh (CAAB) is Bangladesh manages airport operations, including flight safety and air traffic control. In short it is popularly known as Babychak. The work of this organization includes maintenance of all airports and providing various facilities. The head office of this organization is in Kurmitola, Dhaka.

Hylodes magalhaesi

The São Paulo tree toad ("Hylodes magalhaesi") is a frog. It lives in São Paulo and Minas Gerais in Brazil.

The adult male frog is about 29.2 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is about 33 mm long. Their eardrums are bigger than their eyes. The skin of the frog's back is dark with white marks.

The tadpoles of this frog swim in streams. People can find them swimming all year.

There are fewer of this frog than there were in the past. Scientists do not know why for sure. They think it could be that human beings change the places where the frog lives. Humans cut down trees to get wood to build with and to make farms and build cities. There are also other frogs from other parts of the world that eat the same food as this frog. This frog can be killed by disease: Scientists found the chytridiomycosis fungus growing on some frogs. This fungus can kill frogs.

Scientists named this frog after Dr. José Carlos Reis de Magalhães, who helped study it.

Amazed

"Amazed" is a 1999 song by American country band by Lonestar and is the second single from their third studio album "Lonely Grill". It went to number 1 in the United States, number 21 in the United Kingdom, number 2 in Ireland, number 19 in Australia, number 17 in Scotland, number 11 in New Zealand, number 7 in Canada and number 25 in Iceland. It has been covered by Bonnie Tyler, Duncan James, Fady Maalouf and Boyz II Men.

US CD and cassette single

US 7-inch single 1

US 7-inch single 2

Australian CD single

UK CD1 and cassette single

UK CD2

European CD single

Balearic Islands (Congress of Deputies constituency)

Balearic Islands (, ) is a constituency of Spain. It represents the Balearic Islands.

Dillenia philippinensis

Dillenia philippinensis (katmon) is a fruit. It mainly occurs to the Philippines. It has a soft and fleshy greenish edible pulp that is used for flavoring fish and making jams or sauces. Its flavor is said to be similar to a green apple. When cooked it can be used as a vegetable. The leaves of its tree have been used to treat headaches, fever, and dysentery.


Las Palmas (Congress of Deputies constituency)

Las Palmas is a constituency of Spain. It represents Las Palmas in the Canary Islands.

Santa Cruz de Tenerife (Congress of Deputies constituency)

Santa Cruz de Tenerife is a constituency of Spain. It represents Santa Cruz de Tenerife in the Canary Islands.

Barcelona (Parliament of Catalonia constituency)

Barcelona is a constituency in Catalonia.

Girona (Parliament of Catalonia constituency)

Girona is a constituency in Catalonia.

Lleida (Parliament of Catalonia constituency)

Lleida is a constituency in Catalonia.

Tarragona (Parliament of Catalonia constituency)

Tarragona is a constituency in Catalonia.

William Swords

William Swords was an Irish archer. He was born on 21 July 1942 and died on 19 October 2007. Swords competed at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Mary Vaughan

Mary Vaughan is an Irish archer. She was born on 7 March 1953. Vaughan competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Itay Shanny

Itay Shanny is an Israeli archer. He was born on 1 September 1998. Shanny competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Leopold Drucker

Leopold Drucker (22 February 1903 – 25 February 1988) was an Austrian football player.
Leopold Drucker began his career in the youth team of the then second-league club SC Hakoah Wien . He made his first match in the first team of Hakoah, which had just been promoted to the top division, in December 1920. He scored a goal on his debut. Drucker was only used very sporadically in the first team and mostly played in the reserves. After the signing of the Hungarian international Béla Guttmann, Drucker played from 1923 on for Floridsdorfer AC. Drucker became a regular player and was mostly in the starting line-up in the 1925/26 first division season. During this season, Drucker was called up to the Vienna city team twice and was used against Krakow in September 1925 and against Preßburg in March 1926.

Leopold Drucker's former club Hakoah prepared their first trip to America in the spring of 1926 and wanted to send a strong squad to America. Since the original intention of signing Kálmán Konrád on loan from the Amateur SV could not be realized, Drucker was brought back from the FAC. The tour was a success and led to a number of Hakoah players - including Drucker - being offered contracts by clubs in the United States. Drucker accepted Brooklyn Wanderers' offer and moved to New York.

Drucker played for two seasons for the Wanderers in the ASL before some clubs split off in 1928 and founded the rival league ESL. Drucker moved to the newly founded New York Hakoah. He stayed with the club after the merger of ESL and ASL. In total, Drucker played 136 games in the ASL.

In 1931 Leopold Drucker returned to Hakoah. In July 1932 he was called up to the Austrian national team for the first time and played in the 4–3 win against Sweden in Stockholm. Leopold Drucker was the only Hakoah player to play for the national team during the Wunderteam era.

In 1933 Drucker left Hakoah for the third time and went to Olympique Marseille. In the 1933–34 season, Drucker played 16 league games for Marseille and reached the final of the national cup, which was lost 1-2 against FC Sète.

After the end of this season he moved to Malta and worked as a player and coach at Floriana FC, St. George's FC and FC Melita. After the outbreak of World War II he moved to to Palestine in 1940, where he worked as a player and coach in Jerusalem. After the end of the war he moved to New York.

Max Caster

Max Caster (born July 31, 1989) is an American professional wrestler and rapper. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and is one-third of the current AEW World Trios Champions.

He has also appeared in Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW).

During his time in AEW, Caster has been a one-time AEW World Tag Team Champion and one-time AEW World Trios Champion.

Outside of wrestling, Caster is also a rapper and performs under the name Platinum Max.

On the June 23, 2020 episode of "Dark", Caster debuted with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He teamed with Chaos Project (Luther and Serpentico and they lost to Jurassic Express (Jungle Boy, Luchasaurus and Marko Stunt). On the November 27 episode of "Dark", Caster would team with Anthony Bowens in a loss against Best Friends (Chuck Taylor and Trent). On November 3, AEW owner Tony Khan announced that both Caster and Bowens had signed a five-year contract with AEW to wrestle as a tag team and they would call themselves The Acclaimed.

At Holiday Bash, The Acclaimed would face the Young Bucks for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but lost.

Caster would be suspended for two months after he did a freestyle rap during his entrance with topics such as the mental health of Simone Biles, the scandal of the Duke lacrosse case, the effectiveness of PCR COVID-19 testing, and a sexual joke about fellow wrestler Julia Hart. Tony Khan called it terrible and said that it should have been edited out. Caster would return to AEW from suspension on September 1.

In May 2022, Bowens would confined to a wheelchair because of knee surgery but he still continued to cut promos and be at ringside for Caster's matches. Caster would begin to team with The Gunns (Austin and Colten Gunn) during this time.

At Grand Slam, The Acclaimed managed by Billy Gunn and DJ Whoo Kid faced Swerve In Our Glory (Keith Lee and Swerve Strickland) managed by Fabolous. The Acclaimed would defeat them and win the AEW World Tag Team Championship. This was Caster's first championship in AEW. They would lose the title to The Gunns (Austin Gunn and Colten Gunn) on the February 8, 2023 episode of "Dynamite".

At All In, The Acclaimed and Billy Gunn would defeated the House of Black (Malakai Black, Brody King, and Buddy Matthews) to win the AEW World Trios Championship.

Caster's father is Super Bowl champion and 3× Pro Bowler Rich Caster.

Conan Gray

Conan Lee Gray (born December 5, 1998) is an American singer and songwriter. He was born in Lemon Grove, California and raised in Georgetown, Texas. He started as a YouTuber when he was a teenager. He signed to Republic Records in 2018.

Conan Lee Gray was born on December 5, 1998, in Lemon Grove, California. When he was a baby, he moved to Hiroshima, Japan because his grandfather had cancer. After his grandfather died, he moved back to California.

Gray moved to Georgetown, Texas when he was a preteen. A lot of his music is inspired by it.

Conan Gray started making YouTube videos when he was 15.

He released his first song in 2017, called "Idle Town". In 2018, he released an extended play called "Sunset Season".

In 2020, Conan Gray released his first album, "Kid Krow". It was the most popular debut of the year.

His second album, "Superache", came out in 2022.

His third album, "Found Heaven", will come out in 2024.





Keith Lee

Keith Lee (born November 8, 1984) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

He is also known for his time wrestling in WWE. In WWE, he was a one-time NXT Champion and one-time NXT North American Champion. He has also competed for Ring of Honor (ROH), Evolve, and Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG).

During his time in AEW, Lee has been a one-time AEW World Tag Team Champion.

On February 9, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Lee made his debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He would defeat Isiah Kassidy to move on to compete in the "Face of the Revolution" ladder match at Revolution. At Revolution, Lee would compete in the match but lost to Wardlow.

On the March 18 episode of "Rampage", Lee would face Max Caster. After the match, Caster and Anthony Bowens, as well as, Team Taz's Powerhouse Hobbs and Ricky Starks would attack Lee. Swerve Strickland would run out with a chair and save Lee. Afterward, Lee and Swerve began teaming under the name Swerve in Out Glory.

On July 13, during Night 1 of Fyter Fest, Swerve in Our Glory defeated the Young Bucks and Team Taz in a Triple or Nothing match to win the AEW World Tag Team Championships. This gave Lee his first championship in AEW. They would lose the titles to The Acclaimed at Grand Slam.

On the December 21, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Swerve in Our Glory would break up after Swerve turned heel. He would reveal his new group called "Mogul Affiliates" with member Parker Boudreaux, Trench, and rapper Rick Ross and they would all attack Lee. Swerve would end the beatdown by stomping a cinderblock on Lee's chest.

He is married to WWE wrestler Mia Yim.


With Me (Lonestar song)

"With Me" is a 2001 song by American country band Lonestar and is the second single from their fourth studio album "I'm Already There". It went to number 63 in the United States and number 10 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart.

Luchasaurus

Austin Matelson (born March 10, 1985) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring names Luchasaurus and currently Killswitch.

He is also known for his time wrestling in WWE where he competed in "NXT" and wrestled under the ring name Judas Devlin and in Lucha Underground where he wrestled under the ring name Vibora.

During his time in AEW, Luchasaurus has been a one-time AEW TNT Champion and a one-time AEW World Tag Team Champion.

Matelson was a contestant on season 17 of the American reality television show "Big Brother".

On May 25, 2019 at Double or Nothing, Luchasaurus made his debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He competed in the Casino Battle Royal and made it to the final three but lost to Adam Page. On May 28, it was announced that Luchasaurus had signed a contract to be a member of All Elite Wrestling (AEW). Luchasaurus would team with Jungle Boy as A Boy And His Dinosaur. They would later be joined by Marko Stunt and would create a stable called Jurassic Express.

On the November 20 episode of "Dynamite", Luchasaurus would get his first AEW win when he defeated Peter Avalon in 27 seconds.

On the August 18, 2021 episode of "Dynamite", Jurassic Express would face The Young Bucks for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but lost. On the January 5, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Jurassic Express won the AEW World Tag Team Championship after defeating the Lucha Brothers (Pentagón Jr. and Rey Fénix). This was Luchasaurus' first championship in AEW. On June 15 at Road Rager, Jurassic Express would lose the championships to the Young Bucks. After the match, Luchasaurus and Christian Cage would turn heel. Christian would attack Jungle Boy and Luchasaurus would leave with him.

On the June 17 debut episode of "Collision", Luchasaurus would defeat Wardlow to win the AEW TNT Championship. On the September 23 episode of "Collision", Luchasaurus lost the title to Christian Cage in a three-way match that also featured Darby Allin. Cage had claimed that Luchasaurus' TNT Championship was his own in the months leading up to the match.

On the November 22 episode of "Dynamite", Christian Cage renamed Luchasaurus and began calling him Killswitch after Cage's old finisher name.

Tougher Than the Rest

"Tougher Than the Rest" is a 1988 song by Bruce Springsteen. It was taken from his eighth studio album "Tunnel of Love" and was released as a single in Europe but not in the United States. It went to number 13 in the United Kingdom and Italy, number 25 in Germany, number 35 in Australia, number 10 in Irelana and number 11 in Austria.

Atefeh Bagheri

Atefeh Bagheri (; born on 21 December 1985) is an Iranian actress. 

Atefeh Bagheri appeared in the cinema for the first time and in 2007 she acted in the movie Son of Tehrani directed by Kazem Rast Goftar.

She has acted in the series Capital 4, 5 and 6 directed by Siros Moghadam. Among other works of this actor, we can mention the movie Noon.Kh directed by Saeed Aghakhani.. 


Giovanna Aldegani

Giovanna Aldegani is an Italian archer. She was born on 7 December 1976. Aldegani competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Tatiana Andreoli

Tatiana Andreoli is an Italian archer. She was born on 1 January 1999. Andreoli competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Matteo Bisiani

Matteo Bisiani is an Italian archer. He was born on 2 August 1976. Bisiani competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics and at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Lucilla Boari

Lucilla Boari is an Italian archer. She was born on 24 March 1997. Boari at the 2016 Summer Olympics and at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Franca Capetta

Franca Capetta was an Italian archer. He was born on 8 December 1936 and died on 5 July 2023. Capetta competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Ida Da Poian

Ida Da Poian is an Italian retired archer. She was born on 5 May 1946. Da Poian competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Giuseppina Di Blasi

Giuseppina Di Blasi is an Italian archer. She was born on 14 January 1979. Di Blasi competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Ilario Di Buò

Ilario Di Buò is an Italian archer. He was born on 13 December 1965. Di Buò competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics, 1988 Summer Olympics, 1992 Summer Olympics, 2000 Summer Olympics, 2004 Summer Olympics, and the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Paola Fantato

Paola Fantato is an Italian retired archer. She was born on 13 September 1959. Fantato competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Giancarlo Ferrari

Giancarlo Ferrari is a retired Italian archer. He was born on 22 October 1942. Ferrari competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, 1976 Summer Olympics, 1980 Summer Olympics, 1984 Summer Olympics, and the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Irene Franchini

Irene Franchini is an Italian archer. She was born on 23 July 1981. Franchini competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Michele Frangilli

Michele Frangilli is an Italian archer. He was born on 1 May 1976. Frangilli competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics, 2000 Summer Olympics, 2004 Summer Olympics, and the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Montboudif

Montboudif is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Cantal department in south-central France. It is the birthplace of Georges Pompidou, President of France from 1969 to his death.

Sully, Saône-et-Loire

Sully is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Saône-et-Loire department in east France. It is known for its château.

It was the birthplace of Patrice de MacMahon, President of France (1873–1879).

Montcresson

Montcresson is a French commune. It is in the Loiret department.

Mont-sous-Vaudrey

Mont-sous-Vaudrey is a commune. It is in Bourgogne-Franche-Comté in the Jura department in east France.

Lannes

Lannes is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Lot-et-Garonne department in southwest France.

Mézin

Mézin is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Lot-et-Garonne department in southwest France.

Mercy-le-Haut

Mercy-le-Haut is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeast France.

It was the birthplace of Albert Lebrun, President of France (1932–1940).

Aigues-Vives, Gard

Aigues-Vives is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Gard department in south France.

Le Palais

Le Palais () is a commune. It is in Brittany in the Morbihan department in northwest France. It is one of the four communes on the island of Belle Île.

Bad Aussee

Bad Aussee (Central Bavarian: "Bod Ossee") is a town in the Austrian state of Styria. It is at the confluence of the three sources of the river Traun in the Ausseerland region. Bad Aussee is the economic and cultural center of the Styrian part of the Salzkammergut lakes region. In 2023, 5,016 people lived there.

The town is the geographic center of Austria. The lake Sommersbergsee is in the municipality.

Bad Aussee was awarded Alpine Town of the Year 2010.

Bad Aussee has 11 localities (with population in brackets as of 1 January 2023):


Gulen, Norway

Gulen is a municipality in Vestland county, Norway. In 2022, 2,230 people lived there.


Pordic

Pordic () is a commune. It is in Brittany in the Côtes-d'Armor department in northwest France. On 1 January 2016, the former commune of Tréméloir merged into Pordic.

Tréméloir

Tréméloir () is a former commune. It is in Brittany in the Côtes-d'Armor department in northwest France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the commune of Pordic.

Montlouis-sur-Loire

Montlouis-sur-Loire is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.

Déville-lès-Rouen

Déville-lès-Rouen is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in northwest France.

Maulévrier

Maulévrier is a commune. It is in Pays de la Loire in the Maine-et-Loire department in west France.



Pseudophilautus fergusonianus

Ferguson's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus fergusonianus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it between 300 and 700 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is about 32.9 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 36.7 – 42.9 mm long. This frog has webbed skin on the back feet. The skin of the frog's head, sides, and back is brown with darker brown marks and white marks.

Scientists used to think that "Pseudophilautus hallidayi" and "Pseudophilautus fergusonianus" were two different frogs, but now they think they are both the same frog and call them all "Pseudophilautus fergusonianus".

Dance Moms

Dance Moms was a reality television show in the United States. It was about the training and careers of children (aged 6 to 13) in the dance industry. They were taught by Abby Lee Miller, who was often very strict and would argue with the parents of the dancers.

The show ran from 2011 to 2019. It made several participants into celebrities including presenter Abby Lee Miller and participants Maddie Ziegler and JoJo Siwa.

Vicente Guerrero

Vicente Ramón Guerrero (Spanish: [biˈsente raˈmoŋ ɡeˈreɾo]; baptized August 10, 1782 – February 14, 1831) was a Mexican soldier and statesman who become the nation's second president. He was one of the leading generals who fought against Spain during the Mexican War of Independence
During his presidency, he abolished slavery in Mexico. Guerrero was deposed in a rebellion by his Vice-President Anastasio Bustamante.

Marcus Bentley

Marcus Bentley (born 4 October 1967) is an English actor. He has been the commentator of the popular social experiment "Big Brother" since it was created. His accent has made his voice very recognisable in the United Kingdom.

Magnetosome

Magnetosomes are specialized organelles found in certain microorganisms, primarily . These tiny structures have gained significant attention in the fields of microbiology, biotechnology, and nanotechnology due to their unique ability to synthesize, store, and navigate using magnetic nanoparticles. 

National Soccer League

The National Soccer League (NSL) was a professional soccer league in Australia and New Zealand. It had 28 seasons and existed from 1977 until 2004, when it was replaced by the A-League. It was run by Soccer Australia.

The NSL was actually one of Australia's oldest nationwide sports leagues, being older than the Australian Football League (AFL) in Australian rules football and the National Rugby League (NRL) in rugby league.

Throughout its history, the NSL had 42 teams, 41 based in Australia and one based in New Zealand. In all 28 seasons, 13 clubs have won the grand final at least once.

While the clubs were not restricted to people of a certain background, many of the teams had strong connections to multicultural communities in Australia. Many of the clubs were founded by migrants from Croatia, Greece, Hungary, Italy, Malta, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and Yugoslavia, and one club was founded by the Jewish community.

Throughout its history, clubs came from Adelaide, Auckland, Brisbane, Canberra/Queanbeyan, Melbourne, Morwell, Newcastle, Perth, Sydney and Wollongong.
Source:

List of A-League Men clubs

This is a list of clubs that have competed in the A-League Men, a professional men's soccer league in Australia and New Zealand.

 

Neufchâteau, Vosges

Neufchâteau is a commune. It is in Grand Est in the Vosges department in northeast France.

La Celle-Saint-Cloud

La Celle-Saint-Cloud is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Yvelines department in north-central France. In 2020, 20,496 people lived in La Celle-Saint-Cloud.

The commune is a western suburb of Paris, from the center, on the departmental border with Hauts-de-Seine.

Plaisance, Gers

Plaisance is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Plieux

Plieux is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Polastron, Gers

Polastron is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Pompiac

Pompiac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ponsampère

Ponsampère is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ponsan-Soubiran

Ponsan-Soubiran is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Pouydraguin

Pouydraguin is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Pouylebon

Pouylebon is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Pouy-Loubrin

Pouy-Loubrin is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


José Mariano Michelena

José Mariano Michelena (sometimes José Mariano de Michelena) (July 14, 1772, Valladolid, Michoacán – May 10, 1852, Valladolid) was a Novohispanic and later Mexican, soldier and politician. He was among the early conspirators seeking to achieve Mexican independence, and also introduced coffee to Mexico.

Miguel Domínguez

José Miguel Domínguez Alemán (January 14, 1756 most likely in Mexico City – April 22, 1830 in Mexico City) was a New Spanish colonial official in New Spain who played a part in the Mexican independence movement. He was also a member of a transitional governing committee in the period between the abdication of Mexican Emperor Agustín de Iturbide and the installation of Guadalupe Victoria as the first president of independent Mexico. His wife, Josefa Ortiz de Domínguez, also known as La Corregidora, was a heroine of Mexican independence.

Francisco Javier Venegas

Francisco Javier Venegas de Saavedra y Ramínez de Arenzana, 1st Marquess of Reunión and New Spain, KOC (1754 in Zafra, Badajoz, Spain – 1838 in Zafra, Spain) was a Spanish general in the Spanish War of Independence and later viceroy of New Spain from September 14, 1810, to March 4, 1813, during the first phase of the Mexican War of Independence..

Valentín Gómez Farías

Valentín Gómez Farías (Spanish pronunciation:[balenˈtiŋ ˈɡomes faˈɾias]; 14 February 1781 – 5 July 1858) was a Mexican physician and liberal politician who became president of Mexico twice, first in 1833, during the period of the First Mexican Republic, and again in 1846, during the Mexican–American War.

Anastasio Bustamante

Trinidad Anastasio de Sales Ruiz Bustamante y Oseguera (Spanish pronunciation: [anasˈtasjo βustaˈmante]; 27 July 1780 – 6 February 1853) was a Mexican politician, physician and general. He was the President of Mexico three times from 1830 to 1832, 1837 to 1839 and 1839 to 1841. He also served as the Vice President of Mexico from 1829 to 1832 under Presidents Vicente Guerrero, José María Bocanegra, himself, and Melchor Múzquiz. He fought in the Mexican War of Independence. He started the war as a royalist before siding with Agustín de Iturbide and supporting the Plan of Iguala.

Melchor Múzquiz

José Ventura Melchor Ciriaco de Ecay-Múzquiz y Arrieta (5 January 1790 – 14 December 1844) was a Mexican soldier and politician. He was the 5th President of Mexico after president Anastasio Bustamante stepped down to lead his armies against an 1832 insurgency known as the Plan of Veracruz.

Miguel Barragán

Miguel Francisco Barragán Andrade (8 March 1789 – 1 March 1836) was a Mexican soldier and politician who served as interim president of Mexico in 1836. He had previously served as Governor of Veracruz, and gained national fame for the capture of the Fortress of San Juan de Ulúa in 1824, through which Spanish military presence was finally expelled from Mexico.

Cash Wheeler

Daniel Marshall Wheeler (born May 17, 1987) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Cash Wheeler. He is one-half of the tag team FTR with Dax Harwood and is one-half of the current AEW World Tag Team Champions with him.

He is also known for his time wrestling in WWE where he wrestled under the ring name Dash Wilder. In WWE, he has been a two-time WWE Raw Tag Team Champion, one-time WWE SmackDown Tag Team Champion, two-time NXT Tag Team Champion, and one-time WWE 24/7 Champion. Wheeler has also wrestled for Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA), New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), Ring of Honor (ROH). In those promotions, he has been a one-time AAA World Tag Team Champion, one-time IWGP Tag Team Champion, and one-time ROH World Tag Team Champion.

During his time in AEW, Wheeler has been a two-time AEW World Tag Team Champion.

On April 10, 2020, Wilder and Dawson were both released from WWE.

During an interview in November 2020, both Wheeler and Harwood said that they were offered a lot of money to stay with WWE. However, they wanted to join AEW because they were tired of being taken off of the main roster cards. Wheeler said: "Once we got pulled from all of our dates on the main roster, it was down to "NXT" as the option and we talked to Hunter at length, there were offers on the table that were very tempting because we loved NXT and we loved our time there, but at the end of the day like Dax said, we knew that our time there was done."

On the May 27, 2020 at "Dynamite", Wheeler and Harwood made the debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). They would drive into the amphitheater in a pickup truck, enter the ring and attack The Butcher and The Blade. On the June 10 episode of "Dynamite", they would have their first official in-ring match in AEW. They would defeat The Butcher and The Blade.

On August 18, 2023, a warrant was issued for the arrest of Wheeler. He would be charged with one count of aggravated assault with a firearm. He was released on $2,500 bond and was allowed to travel to London for the All In pay-per-view.


Dax Harwood

Daniel Michael Harwood (born June 30, 1984) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Dax Harwood. He is one-half of the tag team FTR with Cash Wheeler.

He is also known for his time wrestling in WWE where he wrestled under the ring name Scott Dawson. In WWE, he has been a two-time WWE Raw Tag Team Champion, one-time WWE SmackDown Tag Team Champion, two-time NXT Tag Team Champion, and one-time WWE 24/7 Champion. Wheeler has also wrestled for Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA), New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), Ring of Honor (ROH). In those promotions, he has been a one-time AAA World Tag Team Champion, one-time IWGP Tag Team Champion, and one-time ROH World Tag Team Champion.

During his time in AEW, Harwood has been a two-time AEW World Tag Team Champion.

On April 10, 2020, Dawson and Wilder were both released from WWE.

During an interview in November 2020, both Harwood and Wheeler said that they were offered a lot of money to stay with WWE. However, they wanted to join AEW because they were tired of being taken off of the main roster cards. Wheeler would say in the interview: "Once we got pulled from all of our dates on the main roster, it was down to "NXT" as the option and we talked to Hunter at length, there were offers on the table that were very tempting because we loved NXT and we loved our time there, but at the end of the day like Dax said, we knew that our time there was done."

On the May 27, 2020 at "Dynamite", Harwood and Wheeler made the debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). They would drive into the amphitheater in a pickup truck, enter the ring and attack The Butcher and The Blade. On the June 10 episode of "Dynamite", they would have their first official in-ring match in AEW. They would defeat The Butcher and The Blade.

Harwood is married to his wife Maria Nickopoulos and they have a daughter, Finley Gray. His daughter Finley scored a pinfall victory over Sonjay Dutt after FTR's match.

During a promo, Harwood revealed that his daughter had fought through heart problems and a hole in the heart. FTR would release a shirt with 100% of the profits being donated to the American Heart Association.


Miriam Korber-Bercovici

Miriam Korber-Bercovici (née Miriam Korber; born ) is a Romanian-born Jewish oncologist who kept a diary in which she documented life during the Holocaust. A Holocaust survivor, she gained some popularity through the 1995 publication of her diary "Jurnal de Ghetto" (Romanian for "Diary from a Ghetto"), in which she documents her life in a ghetto in Romania from 1941 to 1943, during World War II.

Miriam was born in in Campulung, Moldovenesc, Kingdom of Romania (in modern-day Romania). In 1937, when she was 13 or 14, Octavian Goga and his government came into power and they began to establish anti-Semitic laws and began persecuting Jews all over Romania. As the anti-Semitic laws and the persecution of the Jews increased in October 1941, the Korber family lived in a ghetto (They paid an German civilian living in Romania to sent them to live in the ghetto). The family lived in a apartment in the ghetto. Miriam kept a diary which she wrote in it regularly until October 1943 when the family were deported. Following their deportation, the Korber family were sent to live in labor camps. The family successfully managed to escape the labor camp (they were in) and move back to the ghetto. In March 1944, following the Soviet occupation of Romania, the family and other Jews were freed from the ghetto by the Soviets. In April of that same year, the family started going on a journey back home. They reached their homes in May. Miriam fulfilled her greatest wish and became a physician (she was a oncologist). Miriam married Israil Bercovici in 1951 (she got the married name Miriam Korber-Bercovici) and their child (daughter) named Ada was born two years later in . 
Miriam published her diary under the title, "Jurnal de Ghetto" (English: "Diary from a Ghetto") in 1995. Miriam is still alive to this day.
The Young Bucks

Matthew Ronjon Massie (born March 13, 1985) and Nicholas Lee Massie (born July 28, 1989) are American professional wrestlers. They wrestle together in a tag team called The Young Bucks under the ring names Matt and Nick Jackson. They wrestle for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). Besides wrestling, they are also executive vice presidents of AEW.

The Bucks have wrestled in many different promotions and have won many different championships. They have wrestled in Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Chikara, Ring of Honor (ROH), Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW).

During their time in AEW, The Bucks have been a two-time AEW World Tag Team Champions and two-time AEW World Trios Champions. They were the first World Trios Champions.

On January 1, 2019 episode of their YouTube show "Being the Elite", The Bucks announced the creation of the professional wrestling promotion All Elite Wrestling (AEW). The Bucks, along with Cody, announced that they had signed a five-year contract with the company on January 2, 2019.

At Double or Nothing, the Bucks made their AEW in-ring debut. They defeated the Lucha Brothers (Pentagón Jr. and Fénix) to successfully defend their AAA World Tag Team Championships and get their first victory in AEW. They would lose the titles to the Lucha Brothers in a rematch at All Out.

At Full Gear on November 7, 2020, the Bucks defeated FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) to win the AEW Tag Team Championships. This was their first championships in AEW.

On the April 7 episode of "Dynamite", after months of being berated by Don Callis and questions about wether they would join Kenny Omega, the Bucks would eventually join Omega and turn heel.

At All Out on September 5, 2021, the Bucks would lose the titles to the Lucha Brothers in a steel cage match. Both Dave Meltzer and Bryan Alvarez said that their match was the best cage match that they had ever seen, and that it was one of the best AEW matches in the companie's history. Meltzer would rate the match 5.75 stars.

At Road Rager on June 15, 2022, the Bucks would win the AEW World Tag Team Championships again when they defeated Jurassic Express (Jungle Boy and Luchasaurus) in a ladder match. On July 13, during Night 1 of Fyter Fest, the Bucks would lose the titles to Swerve in Our Glory (Swerve Strickland and Keith Lee) in a Triple or Nothing match that also featured Team Taz (Ricky Starks and Powerhouse Hobbs).

On the August 17 episode of "Dynamite", the Bucks revealed their mystery partner for the tournament to crown the first AEW World Trios Champions. Their partner was revealed to be Kenny Omega, who returned after a long time away while healing from injuries. They would win the Championships against Adam Page and The Dark Order (Alex Reynolds, and John Silver) at All Out. However, they were later suspended and stripped of them because of a real-life backstage fight that took place between Omega, the Young Bucks, CM Punk, and Ace Steel.

The Young Bucks and Omega would return from their suspension on November 19, 2022 and faced Death Triangle at Full Gear but lost.

When they were feuding with the Blackpool Combat Club, the Bucks and Omega said that they would they would have a mystery partner join them for their fight at Blood & Guts. On the July 13 episode of "Dynamite", the partner was revealed to be Kota Ibushi. They would defeat the Blackpool Combat Club, Konosuke Takeshita, and Pac.

Both Matt and Nick are Christians.


Englewood, Kansas

Englewood is a city in Clark County, Kansas, United States.

Minneola, Kansas

Minneola is a city in Clark County, Kansas, United States.

Wells, Nevada

Wells is a city in Elko County, Nevada, United States.

West Wendover, Nevada

West Wendover is a city in Elko County, Nevada, United States.

Caliente, Nevada

Caliente is a city in Lincoln County, Nevada, United States.

Kittitas, Washington

Kittitas is a city in Kittitas County, Washington, United States.

Roslyn, Washington

Roslyn is a city in Kittitas County, Washington, United States.

Orting, Washington

Orting is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States.

Rashid Khan

Rashid Khan Arman (Pashto: راشد خان ارمان; born 20 September 1998) is an Afghan international cricketer and captain of the Afghanistan national team in T20I format. He bowls right-arm leg spin and bats as a right-handed batsman. Rashid is considered as one of the greatest 20 bowlers ever. As of October 2023, Rashid is ranked No. 1 in T20I and No. 6 in ODI cricket. 

He considers Shahid Afridi as his bowling idol. He was awarded ICC Associate Cricketer of the Year in 2017. In 2018, at the age of 19, he became the youngest cricketer to top the ICC ODI bowling rankings. Later, in december 2020, Khan was named the ICC Men's T20I Player of the Decade.


Puyallup, Washington

Puyallup is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States.

Roy, Washington

Roy is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States.

Ruston, Washington

Ruston is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States.

Sumner, Washington

Sumner is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States.

University Place, Washington

University Place is a city in Pierce County, Washington, United States.

Airway Heights, Washington

Airway Heights is a city in Spokane County, Washington, United States.

Deer Park, Washington

Deer Park is a city in Spokane County, Washington, United States.

Liberty Lake, Washington

Liberty Lake is a city in Spokane County, Washington, United States.

Millwood, Washington

Millwood is a city in Spokane County, Washington, United States.

Spangle, Washington

Spangle is a city in Spokane County, Washington, United States.

Moxee, Washington

Moxee is a city in Yakima County, Washington, United States.

Toppenish, Washington

Toppenish is a city in Yakima County, Washington, United States.

Wapato, Washington

Wapato is a city in Yakima County, Washington, United States.

Franz Riegler

Franz Riegler (30 August 1915 - January 1989) was an Austrian football player. He played mainly for FC Wien. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
He started his professional career at FC Wien. Riegler played as a right winger in the starting eleven from the 1933/34 season and made a name for himself as a precise cross provider. 1934 he moved to Wiener Austria. Riegler immediately won the Austrian Cup and the Mitropa-Cup.

In the championship in 1936/37, he missed out on winning the title with Austria in second place only because of the worse goal difference compared to Admira. In the 1938/39 season, the winger played for the first division newcomer SK Amateure Steyr. Then he moved back to FC Wien in the summer of 1939. With them he reached good results during the Second World War with the runner-up in 1941/42. For FC Wien he played regularly in the first league until the end of 1950. Then he was playing coach of WFC Semperit till 1953.
He debuted for Austria on 27 September 1936 in a 5-3 loss versus Hungary. His last match was on 6 December 1945 in a 4-1 win versus France.

Sydney FC (A-League Women)

Sydney Football Club is an Australian women's soccer club based in Sydney. It is the female equivalent of Sydney FC. The club competes in the A-League Women, the highest professional women's soccer league in Australia and New Zealand.

Canberra United FC

Canberra United Football Club is an Australian soccer club based in Canberra. The club competes in the A-League Women and the A-League Youth. It is the only soccer club that has a team in the A-League Women but not in the A-League Men.

Wellington Phoenix FC (A-League Women)

Sydney Football Club is a New Zealand women's football club based in Wellington. It is the female equivalent of Wellington Phoenix FC. The club competes in the A-League Women, being the only New Zealand club in the league (the rest are from Australia).

Pouy-Roquelaure

Pouy-Roquelaure is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


All My Life (K-Ci &amp; JoJo song)

"All My Life" is a 1998 song by K-Ci & JoJo and is the third single from their debut studio album "Love Always". It topped the single charts in the United States, New Zealand, Australia and the Netherlands and made number 8 in the United Kingdom and Canada. It was nominated for 2 Grammy Awards in 1999.

12-inch maxi single

Digital download

Curtis Moore remix

France 12-inch maxi single

Collonges-au-Mont-d'Or

Collonges-au-Mont-d'Or is a commune. It is in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes in the Metropolis of Lyon in east France.

It is the site of L'Auberge du Pont de Collonges, the restaurant of chef Paul Bocuse.

Préchac, Gers

Préchac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Préchac-sur-Adour

Préchac-sur-Adour is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Preignan

Preignan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Préneron

Préneron is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Projan

Projan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Pujaudran

Pujaudran is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Puycasquier

Puycasquier is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Puylausic

Puylausic is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Puységur

Puységur is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ramouzens

Ramouzens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Razengues

Razengues is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Réans

Réans is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Réjaumont, Gers

Réjaumont is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ricourt

Ricourt is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Riguepeu

Riguepeu is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


La Romieu

La Romieu is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Roquebrune, Gers

Roquebrune is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Adelaide United FC (A-League Women)

Adelaide United Football Club is an Australian women's soccer club based in Adelaide. It is the female equivalent of Adelaide United FC. The club competes in the A-League Women, the highest professional women's soccer league in Australia and New Zealand.

Roquelaure

Roquelaure is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Roquepine

Roquepine is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Brisbane Roar FC (A-League Women)

Brisbane Football Club is an Australian women's soccer club based in Brisbane. It is the female equivalent of Brisbane Roar FC. The club competes in the A-League Women, the highest professional women's soccer league in Australia and New Zealand.

Roques, Gers

Roques is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Rozès

Rozès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sabaillan

Sabaillan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sabazan

Sabazan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sadeillan

Sadeillan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-André, Gers

Saint-André is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Antoine, Gers

Saint-Antoine is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


A-Leagues

A-Leagues is an umbrella term that refers to several Australian and New Zealand professional soccer competitions. These are:


Central Coast Mariners FC (A-League Women)

Central Coast Mariners Football Club is an Australian women's soccer club based on the Central Coast. It is the female equivalent of Central Coast Mariners FC. The club competes in the A-League Women, the highest professional women's soccer league in Australia and New Zealand.

Mahmood Rasooli

Mahmood Rasooli (, born May 18, 1998, in Saveh) is an Iranian volleyball player who plays as an Outside hitter for the Iranian club Eefaseram Ardakan VC. 

Mahmood Rasooli has played in national Iranian men's U20 volleyball team.

Rasooli has a history of playing in and teams.

He also has a history of playing in for team.



Melbourne City FC (A-League Women)

Melbourne City Football Club is an Australian women's soccer club based in Melbourne. It is the female equivalent of Melbourne City FC. The club competes in the A-League Women, the highest professional women's soccer league in Australia and New Zealand.

Melbourne Victory FC (A-League Women)

Melbourne Victory Football Club is an Australian women's soccer club based in Sydney. It is the female equivalent of Melbourne Victory FC. The club competes in the A-League Women, the highest professional women's soccer league in Australia and New Zealand.

Newcastle Jets FC (A-League Women)

Newcastle Jets Football Club is an Australian women's soccer club based in Newcastle. It is the female equivalent of Newcastle Jets FC. The club competes in the A-League Women, the highest professional women's soccer league in Australia and New Zealand.

Perth Glory FC (A-League Women)

Perth Glory Football Club is an Australian women's soccer club based in Perth. It is the female equivalent of Perth Glory FC. The club competes in the A-League Women, the highest professional women's soccer league in Australia and New Zealand.

Western Sydney Wanderers FC (A-League Women)

Western Sydney Wanderers Football Club is an Australian women's soccer club based in Greater Western Sydney. It is the female equivalent of Western Sydney Wanderers FC. The club competes in the A-League Women, the highest professional women's soccer league in Australia and New Zealand.

Western United FC (A-League Women)

Western United Football Club is an Australian women's soccer club based in Melbourne that represents western Melbourne, Geelong and Ballarat. It is the female equivalent of Western United FC. The club competes in the A-League Women, the highest professional women's soccer league in Australia and New Zealand.

Greater Western Sydney

Greater Western Sydney (GWS) is a large metropolitan region of Greater Sydney. It covers the western portion of Sydney and stretches out to the Blue Mountains.

Gold Coast United FC

Gold Coast United FC is an Australian soccer club based on the Gold Coast. It currently competes in the National Premier Leagues Queensland (NPL QLD) and used to compete in the A-League Men.

The club was once owned by businessman and former politician Clive Palmer, a billionaire who is the richest man in Queensland.

New Zealand Knights FC

New Zealand Knights Football Club (formed from the Football Kingz Football Club in 2004) were a New Zealand football club based in Auckland. The club competed in the A-League Men and was the only New Zealand team in the competition (which is Australia's national competition). The club was since replaced by Wellington Phoenix FC.

Saint-Antonin, Gers

Saint-Antonin is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Arailles

Saint-Arailles is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Grainville-Ymauville

Grainville-Ymauville is a commune. It is in Normandy in the Seine-Maritime department in north France.

Bad Mitterndorf

Bad Mitterndorf is a market town in Salzkammergut in the Austrian state of Styria. On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Pichl-Kainisch and Tauplitz joined together to become the municipality of Bad Mitterndorf.

Bad Mitterndorf is between Salzburg and Graz. It is a popular winter sports resort and also as a location for hiking, climbing and cycling in the summer. Bad Mitterndorf is the site of two health spas with thermal baths, an outdoor swimming pool and other luxuries, cafés and leisure areas. The town is also the location of one of the world's five ski flying hills, Kulm. It is placed for trip to Hallstatt, Altaussee and its May narcissus festival, Bad Ischl and the Kaiservilla, and to Salzburg, 95 km away.


Famous people include the ski jumpers Hubert Neuper and Wolfgang Loitzl and the Nordic combined skier Marco Pichlmayer. Bad Mitterndorf is also the birthplace of Thomas Neuwirth (also known as Conchita Wurst), winner of the Eurovision Song Contest 2014.


Fiac

Fiac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Penne, Tarn

Penne is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France. In 2020, 587 people lived there. Penne is on the river Aveyron.

Cunac

Cunac is a commune. It is in Occitanie in the Tarn department in south France.

Saint-Arroman, Gers

Saint-Arroman is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Aunix-Lengros

Saint-Aunix-Lengros is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Avit-Frandat

Saint-Avit-Frandat is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Blancard

Saint-Blancard is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Brès, Gers

Saint-Brès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Caprais, Gers

Saint-Caprais is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Christaud, Gers

Saint-Christaud is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Menfi

Menfi is a "comune" in the Province of Agrigento in the Sicily region in Italy.

Menfi is twinned with:

Saint George Parish, Grenada

Saint George is one of the six parishes of Grenada, on the southwestern end of the island. The capital of Grenada, St. George's, is in this parish.

List of fish common names

This is a list of common fish names. Note that this does not include all fish. 




























Tau (mathematical constant)

Tau () () is a mathematical constant that is the ratio of a circle's circumference to its radius. This produces a number, and that number is always the same. However, the number is rather strange. The number starts as 6.283185307179586 and continues without end. Numbers like this are called irrational numbers.

The radius is the shortest connection between the center and the circumference of a circle. The circumference is the distance around a circle. Even though the radius and circumference are different for different circles, the number tau remains constant: its value never changes. This is because the relationship between the circumference and radius is always the same.

 is commonly defined as the ratio of a circle's circumference to its radius :

Tau is often written as . It is also an irrational number, meaning it cannot be written as a fraction (formula_2), where 'a' and 'b' are integers (whole numbers). This basically means that the digits of tau that are to the right of the decimal go forever—without repeating in a pattern, and that it is impossible to write the exact value of tau as a number. Tau can only be approximated, or measured to a value that is close enough for practical purposes.

A value close to tau is 6.283185307179586476925287. Computers can be used to get better approximations of tau.

There are different ways to calculate many digits of tau. This is of limited use though.

Tau can sometimes be used to work out the area or the circumference of any circle. To find the circumference of a circle, use the formula τ × r (Radius). To find the area of a circle, use the formula τ / 2 × r² (radius squared). This formula is sometimes written as formula_3, where "A" is the variable for the area.

People generally celebrate June 28 as Tau Day, because June 28 is also written as 6/28, which represents the first three numbers 6.28 in the approximation of tau.


Avon, Seine-et-Marne

Avon is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Seine-et-Marne department in north-central France.

Avon, Deux-Sèvres

Avon is a commune of 61 people (2020). It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Deux-Sèvres department in west France.

Avon-les-Roches

Avon-les-Roches is a commune in the Indre-et-Loire department in central France.

Teleorman County

Teleorman is a county ("județ") of Romania. It is in the historical region Muntenia. The capital city is Alexandria.

The county has an area of . It is on the border with Bulgaria.

Teleorman County has 3 municipalities, 2 towns and 92 communes:



Why Girls Leave Home (1921 movie)

Why Girls Leave Home is a 1921 American silent drama movie directed by William Nigh. It stars Anna Q. Nilsson, Claude King, Julia Swayne Gordon, Corinne Barker, Katherine Perry, Coit Albertson, George Lessey and Dan Mason. It was distributed by Warner Bros. and is a lost movie.


Alexandria, Romania

Alexandria is the capital city of Teleorman County, Romania.

Nicolás Bravo

Nicolás Bravo (10 September 1786 – 22 April 1854) was a Mexican soldier and politician who served as interim President of Mexico three times, in 1839, 1842, and 1846. Previously, he fought in the Mexican War of Independence, and served as Mexico's first Vice President under President Guadalupe Victoria from 1824 until 1827, when he attempted to overthrow Victoria. He was also the fourth vice president under President Mariano Paredes in 1846, and served in the Mexican–American War.

Bistrița

Bistrița (; ) is the capital city of Bistrița-Năsăud County, Romania.

Juan Ruiz de Apodaca, 1st Count of Venadito

Juan José Ruiz de Apodaca y Eliza, 1st Count of Venadito, OIC, OSH, KOC (3 February 1754, Cadiz, Spain – 11 January 1835, Madrid, Spain) was a Spanish naval officer and viceroy of New Spain from 20 September 1816 to 5 July 1821, during Mexico's War of Independence.

Pedro Celestino Negrete

Pedro Celestino Joseph Negrete y Falla (14 May 1777 – 11 April 1846) was a Spanish politician and military man who served as a member of the interim government of México after the abolition of the First Mexican Empire. He fought alongside of Agustín de Iturbide in the royalist army during the Mexican War of Independence. He was a close collaborator of Iturbide during the empire and then pressured him to abdicate to the Mexican crown.

Miercurea Ciuc

Miercurea Ciuc (; ) is the capital city of Harghita County, Romania. It is along the river Olt. In 2021, 34,484 people lived in the city. Of this population, 81.65% are ethnic Hungarians, while 17.41% are ethnic Romanians, 0.88% are ethnic Romani, and 0.06% declare other nationalities.


Juan O'Donojú

Juan José Rafael Teodomiro de O'Donojú y O'Ryan (Spanish pronunciation: [ˈxwan de oˌðonoˈxujˌoˈraʝan] , 30 July 1762 – 8 October 1821) was a Spanish-Irish military officer, diplomat and Viceroy of New Spain from 21 July 1821 to 28 September 1821 during the Mexican War of Independence, he was the last viceroy of New Spain.

José María Bocanegra

José María de los Dolores Francisco Germán del Espíritu Santo Bocanegra y Villalpando(Spanish pronunciation: [xosemaˈɾia βokaˈneɣɾa]; 25 May 1787 – 23 July 1862) was a Mexican lawyer and statesman who was briefly interim president of Mexico on December, 1829 during a coup attempt against president Vicente Guerrero. He previously served in various government positions, including President of the Chamber of Deputies and as a member of the Chamber of Deputies for Zacatecas.

Manuel Gómez Pedraza

Manuel Gómez Pedraza y Rodríguez (22 April 1789 – 14 May 1851) was a Mexican general who also became president of Mexico during the First Mexican Republic.

Pedro Vélez

José Pedro Antonio Vélez de Zúñiga (28 July 1787 – 5 August 1848) was a Mexican politician and lawyer. In the aftermath of a successful coup against president Vicente Guerrero, he was placed at the head of a triumvirate that briefly led the Mexican government during the last days of 1829.

Saint-Clar

Saint-Clar is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Créac, Gers

Saint-Créac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Cricq

Saint-Cricq is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sainte-Anne, Gers

Sainte-Anne is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sainte-Aurence-Cazaux

Sainte-Aurence-Cazaux is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sainte-Christie

Sainte-Christie is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sainte-Christie-d'Armagnac

Sainte-Christie-d'Armagnac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Timiș County

Timiș is a county ("județ") of Romania. It is in the historical region of Banat. The capital city is Timișoara.

The county is named after the Timiș River.

Timiș has an area of . It is the largest county in Romania by area. It is on the border with Hungary and Serbia.

Timiș County has 2 municipalities, 8 towns and 89 communes:



Tulcea County

Tulcea is a county ("județ") of Romania. It is in the historical region Dobruja. The capital city is Tulcea.

The county has an area of . The Danube River flows around the county.

Tulcea County has 1 municipality, 4 towns and 46 communes:



José Justo Corro

José Justo Corro Silva (c. 19 July 1794 – c. 18 December 1864) was a Mexican lawyer and statesman who was made president of Mexico on March 2, 1836, after the sudden death of President Miguel Barragán. During his administration,

Francisco Javier Echeverría

Francisco Javier Echeverría (c. 2 July 1797 – 17 September 1852) was a Mexican businessman and finance minister who served as interim president of Mexico for about two weeks in late September 1841, during the fall of Anastasio Bustamante’s administration.

Vaslui County

Vaslui County is a county ("județ") of Romania. It is in the historical region Western Moldavia. The capital city is Vaslui.

The county has an area of .

Vaslui County has 3 municipalities, 2 towns and 81 communes:



Focșani

Focșani is the capital city of Vrancea County, Romania. In 2021, 66,648 people lived in Focșani.

Codlea

Codlea (; ) is a city in Brașov County, Romania.

Făgăraș

Făgăraș (; ) is a city in Brașov County, Romania. It is on the Olt River. The city is at the foothills of the Făgăraș Mountains. In 2021, 26,284 people lived there.

A-League Youth

The A-League Youth, formerly called the Y-League, is an under-21s soccer league in Australia and New Zealand. It is run by the Australian Professional Leagues (APL).

Valentín Canalizo

Valentín Canalizo (14 January 1794 – 20 February 1850), was a Mexican general and statesman who served twice as interim president during the Centralist Republic of Mexico and was later made Minister of War during the Mexican American War.

Săcele

Săcele (German: "Siebendörfer"; Hungarian: "Négyfalu", between 1950 and 2001 "Szecseleváros") is a city in Brașov County, Romania. In 2021, 30,920 people lived in Săcele.

Ghimbav

Ghimbav (; ) is a town in Brașov County, Romania.

Australian Professional Leagues

The Australian Professional Leagues (APL), commonly called the A-Leagues, is a sports governing body for the main soccer leagues in Australia and New Zealand: the A-League Men, the A-League Women and the A-League Youth; as well as the E-League, the main esports league in Australia and New Zealand. The APL is run by Football Australia.

E-League

The E-League is the main esports league in Australia and New Zealand. It is run by the Australian Professional Leagues (APL), which also runs the main soccer competitions in Australia and New Zealand.

Râșnov

Râșnov (; ) is a town in Brașov County, Romania.

José Joaquín de Herrera

José Joaquín Antonio de Herrera (February 23, 1792 – February 10, 1854) was a Mexican statesman who served as president of Mexico three times (1844, 1844–1845 and 1848–1851), and as a general in the Mexican Army during the Mexican–American War.

Mariano Paredes (President of Mexico)

José Mariano Epifanio Paredes y Arrillaga (c. 7 January 1797 – 7 September 1849) was a Mexican conservative general who served as president of Mexico between December 1845 and July 1846. He assumed office through a coup against the liberal administration led by José Joaquín de Herrera. He was the grandfather of 38th President of Mexico Pedro Lascuráin.

Marker, Norway

Marker is a municipality in Østfold county, Norway. In 2022, 3,578 people lived there.


José Mariano Salas

José Mariano de Salas (11 May 1797 – 24 December 1867) was a Mexican soldier and politician who served twice as interim president of Mexico, once in 1846, during the Mexican American War, and once in 1859 during the War of Reform.

Pelagio Antonio de Labastida y Dávalos

Pelagio Antonio de Labastida y Dávalos(March 21, 1816, Zamora, Michoacán — February 4, 1891, Oacalco, Morelos) was a Mexican Roman Catholic prelate, lawyer and doctor of canon law, and politician. He was a member of the imperial regency that invited Maximilian of Austria to accept the throne of Mexico.

Irena (town)

Irena is a town located in central Poland.
Thousands of Jews lived in the town of Irena, and Dęblin, a nearby town, at the start of World War II. A ghetto was established in the town of Irena in November 1940, in order to imprison the Jews.

Pseudophilautus hypomelas

Pseudophilautus hypomelas is a frog. It lives in the middle of Sri Lanka in the Peak Wilderness. Scientists have seen it between 750 and 1400 meters above sea level.

Hylodes regius

The royal tree toad ("Hylodes regius") is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais in Brazil. It lives in Parque Nacional do Itatiaia.

Ç

Ç or ç (C-cedilla) is a Latin letter used in Albanian, Azerbaijani, Manx, Tatar, Turkish, Turkmen, Kurdish, Kazakh, Catalan, French, Portuguese, and Occitan, as a variant of the letter C with a cedilla. It is also sometimes used in Crimean Tatar and in Tajik (when written in the Latin script) to represent the /d͡ʒ/ sound. It is often kept in the spelling of words borrowed from other languages to any of these languages in English, Basque, Dutch, Spanish and other languages using the Latin alphabet.

In the International Phonetic Alphabet, /ç/ stands for the voiceless palatal fricative.

Hylodes vanzolinii

Vanzolini's tree toad ("Hylodes vanzolinii") is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais in Brazil. It lives in Parque Nacional do Caparaó.

This frog was named after Brazilian amphibian scientist Dr. Paulo Emilio Vanzolini.

Hylodes babax

The Caparao Mountains tree toad ("Hylodes babax") is a frog. It lives in the mountains in Espírito Santo and Minas Gerais in Brazil. It lives in Parque Nacional do Itatiaia.

Tell Me It's Real

"Tell Me It's Real" is a 1999 song by K-Ci & JoJo and is the second single from their second studio album "It's Real". It went to number 2 in the United States, number 13 in the Netherlands, number 4 in New Zealand and number 63 in Australia. It also went to number 16 in the United Kingdom in 2000 following its re-release.




Kathiababa Ka Sthan

Kathiababa Ka Sthan is located on Vrindavan Gurukul Road, Mathura District, Uttar Pradesh, India. The architectural style and beauty of this ashram is a reflection of Kathiababa architecture of many ancient eras. This temple is the main shrine of the Nimbarka Sampradaya and Kathiababa Ka Sthana (Head Qater). known as Nimbarka temples and ashrams of all countries of the world are run from this temple.
Sri Sri Kathiababa Ka Sthana is located at Prana Kendra Gurukul Road, Vrindavan, Mathura District, Uttar Pradesh, India. Bengal's first Nimbarka Mahant of Nimbark community, former president of Kumbh Mela alias Tarakishore Chowdhury/ Sri Sri 108 Swami Santadas Kathiababa He went on Braj Parikrama many times with Gurudev and always kept an eye on Gurudev's merits and demerits. Shri Tara Kishore Chowdhury planned to build an ashram for Gurudev on the land donated by Chinnu Singh to Shri Shri Kathiya Babaji Maharaj. With Gurudev's permission, he started building a large ashram. He used to send money from Calcutta and under the supervision of Sri Sri Kathiya Babaji Maharaj, “Kathiababa Ka Sthana” was built in Vrindavan. But before the ashram was completed, Sri Sri Kathiya Babaji Maharaj became a brahmin after celebrating the mortal body. Even after the demise of his Gurudev, Sri Tarakishore continued the work of building the ashram. Rather, he had to borrow about thirty two thousand rupees to complete this work. But by the grace of Sri Sri Gurudev, he repaid that loan within a short time. 
The ashram is currently managed and directed by Nimbarka Sampradaya 57th Acharya Brajvidehi Srimahant Ananta Srivibhushit Sri Sri 108 Swami Rasbiharidas Kathiyababa Maharaj and the ashram has its own management committee

Marco Galiazzo

Marco Galiazzo is an archer from Italy. He was born on 7 May 1983. Galiazzo competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics, 2008 Summer Olympics, 2012 Summer Olympics, and 2016 Summer Olympics.

Cristina Ioriatti

Cristina Ioriatti is an Italian retired archer. She was born on 19 January 1973. Ioriatti competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Pia Lionetti

Pia Carmen Maria Lionetti is an Italian archer. She was born on 26 February 1987. Lionetti competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2012 Summer Olympics.

Kidnapping of Shani Louk

On 7 October 2023, during the Re'im music festival massacre, Shani Nicole Louk (7 February 2001 – 7 October 2023) a tattoo artist and influencer from Germany and Israel, was kidnapped.

Louk and her family moved to Portland, Oregon in the early 2000s. She attended kindergarten at Portland Jewish Academy. She eventually moved to Tel Aviv.

On 7 October 2023, during the early stages of the 2023 Israel–Hamas conflict, a group of Hamas terrorists entered Israel from the Gaza Strip and attacked the Supernova Sukkot Gathering music festival. This festival celebrated the Jewish holiday of Sukkot and featured psychedelic trance music. It was held in the western Negev desert, near the Re'im kibbutz, about 5 kilometers from the Gaza–Israel barrier.

Shani Nicole Louk, a festival attendee, was there with her Mexican boyfriend. When the attack began and the Red Color rocket warning alarm sounded, she spoke with her mother on the phone. She mentioned the limited shelter options and her intention to find safety. After the attack, a video emerged showing Louk in the back of a pickup truck, appearing unconscious.

Early reports suggested that Louk had been killed, with the video seemingly showing her lifeless. However, her mother, Ricarda Louk, maintained that she was alive. On 10 October, a Palestinian family friend informed Ricarda that Shani was receiving medical treatment in a hospital under Hamas' control. In an interview with the German newspaper "Bild", Ricarda confirmed that Shani was alive but had suffered a severe head injury and was in critical condition. She sought assistance from the German government. Furthermore, Ricarda received a bank notice indicating that Shani's credit card had been used near the Indonesia Hospital in Gaza on 8 October.

As of 10 October 2023, there has been no official confirmation from Israeli, German, or Palestinian authorities regarding Shani Louk's whereabouts or her current condition. On 13 October, during a visit to Israel, Germany's Foreign Affairs Minister Annalena Baerbock met with Ricarda Louk and other family members of individuals who went missing after the attack. After the meeting, Ricarda stated at a press conference that German-Israeli citizens would receive support from Germany, and the German government was actively working to find solutions. Baerbock mentioned that Germany was in communication with various parties having contact with Hamas to convey the message that the hostages must be released.

A video that appeared to show Shani Louk gained widespread attention. In a column for "The New York Times", Nicholas Kristof discussed this video as an example of the trauma and anger experienced by Jewish communities in the aftermath of the attacks.

Security experts interviewed by "Agence France-Presse" stated that the release of this video, along with others depicting deceased or captured civilians, was a deliberate and sophisticated form of propaganda. The intention was to evoke feelings of "helplessness, paralysis, and humiliation" among the population. The viral sharing of such content contributed to promoting Hamas' narratives.

Despite Hamas being banned on Twitter as a terrorist organization, some of its propaganda videos managed to circulate on the platform through sharing. One of the discussed videos was the one that appeared to show Shani Louk. This, along with other Hamas-related content, led the European Commission to caution Twitter's owner, Elon Musk, about permitting the spread of illegal content. Consequently, on 12 October, they initiated an investigation into Twitter for the dissemination of "violent and terrorist content" and other forms of illegal content.

Nimbarka Ashram

Nimbarka Ashram is located on Mirzajangal Road in Sylhet Division, Bangladesh. The architectural style and beauty of this temple is full of ancient architecture. The temple was established around 1931 by Sri Sri 108 Swami Santadas Kathiababa Maharaj, the 55th Acharya of the Nimbarka sect.
Sri Sri Nimbark Ashram Nimbark Ashram is located on Mirzajangal road from Sylhet city of Bangladesh.
The ashram was of ancient design at the time of its establishment but now the ashram has been reconstructed and transformed into a modern ashram.
Sri Sri Nimbarka Ashram is located in Sylhet, the Prana Kendra, in the eastern part of BangladeshBengal's first Nimbark Mahant of Nimbark community, former president of Kumbh Mela alias Tarakishore Chowdhury and Samaj Sevak Sri Sri 108 Swami Santadas Kathiababa founded this Ashram in 1931 AD with his own hands. This ashram is a place of prayer for devotees and followers of Nimbark sect of Hinduism not only in Sylhet but also in Bangladesh and all over the world. Since its inception, the ashram has had a positive impact on the worship of Hindu devotees. The tradition and history of Hinduism continues till today.
The ashram is currently managed and directed by the 57th Acharya Brajvidehi Srimahant Ananta Srivibhushit Srisri 108 Swami Rasviharidas Kathiyababa Maharaj of the Nimbark community and the ashram has its own management committee.

Pentagón Jr.

Pentagón Jr. (born February 5, 1985) is a Mexican masked luchador. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Penta El Zero Miedo. He also appears in Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA). He wrestles in a tag team with his brother Rey Fénix called the Lucha Brothers.

Pentagón Jr. has also wrestled for Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA), Lucha Underground, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Major League Wrestling (MLW), Impact Wrestling, and Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL).

During his time in AEW, Pentagón Jr. has been a one-time AEW World Tag Team Champion and a one-time AEW World Trios Champion.

On Feburary 2, 2019, the Lucha Brothers faced The Young Bucks in a match on the independent circuit. After the match The Bucks offered the Lucha Brothers a contract to join All Elite Wrestling (AEW). They would end up signing non-exclusive contracts because they were also signed to Lucha Underground at the time.

At Double Or Nothing, the Lucha Brothers would make their AEW in-ring debut. They would lose the AAA World Tag Team Championships to the Young Bucks. At AAA's Verano de Escándalo, they would win the titles back. They would enter a tournament to crown the first AEW World Tag Team Champions but they lost in the finals to SoCal Uncensored.

On the March 4, 2020 episode of "Dynamite", Pentagón Jr. and Fenix would attack Orange Cassidy and Best Friends (Chuck Taylor and Trent) and join Pac to create a stable called Death Triangle.

The Lucha Brothers would enter a number one contender tournament for the AEW World Tag Team Championship. On the August 27 edition of "Rampage", they would defeat Jurassic Express (Jungle Boy and Luchasaurus) to become number one contenders. At All Out on September 5, 2021, the Lucha Brothers would defeat the Young Bucks in a steel cage match and would win the AEW World Tag Team Championships. This was Pentagón Jr.'s first championship in AEW. Both Dave Meltzer and Bryan Alvarez said that their match was the best cage match that they had ever seen, and that it was one of the best AEW matches in the company's history. Meltzer would rate the match 5.75 stars. They would lose the AAA World Tag Team Championships to FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) on the October 16, 2021 episode of "Dynamite" and they would lose the AEW World Tag Team Championship to Jurassic Express on January 5, 2022 episode of "Dynamite".

On the September 7th episode of "Dynamite", the Lucha Brothers would defeat Best Friends to become the new AEW World Trios Champions. They would lose the titles to The Elite (Kenny Omega and the Young Bucks) on the January 11, 2023 episode of "Dynamite".

Fénix (wrestler)

Fénix (born December 30, 1990) is a Mexican masked luchador. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Rey Fénix. He also appears in Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA). He wrestles in a tag team with his brother Pentagón Jr. called the Lucha Brothers.

Fénix has also wrestled for Pro Wrestling Noah, Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA), Lucha Underground, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Chikara, Major League Wrestling (MLW), Impact Wrestling, and Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL).

During his time in AEW, Fénix has been a one-time AEW International Champion, one-time AEW World Tag Team Champion and a one-time AEW World Trios Champion.

On Feburary 2, 2019, the Lucha Brothers faced The Young Bucks in a match on the independent circuit. After the match The Bucks offered the Lucha Brothers a contract to join All Elite Wrestling (AEW). They would end up signing non-exclusive contracts because they were also signed to Lucha Underground at the time.

At Double Or Nothing, the Lucha Brothers would make their AEW in-ring debut. They would lose the AAA World Tag Team Championships to the Young Bucks. At AAA's Verano de Escándalo, they would win the titles back. They would enter a tournament to crown the first AEW World Tag Team Champions but they lost in the finals to SoCal Uncensored.

On the March 4, 2020 episode of "Dynamite", Fenix and Pentagón Jr. would attack Orange Cassidy and Best Friends (Chuck Taylor and Trent) and join Pac to create a stable called Death Triangle.

The Lucha Brothers would enter a number one contender tournament for the AEW World Tag Team Championship. On the August 27 edition of "Rampage", they would defeat Jurassic Express (Jungle Boy and Luchasaurus) to become number one contenders. At All Out on September 5, 2021, the Lucha Brothers would defeat the Young Bucks in a steel cage match and would win the AEW World Tag Team Championships. This was Fénix's first championship in AEW. Both Dave Meltzer and Bryan Alvarez said that their match was the best cage match that they had ever seen, and that it was one of the best AEW matches in the company's history. Meltzer would rate the match 5.75 stars. They would lose the AAA World Tag Team Championships to FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) on the October 16, 2021 episode of "Dynamite" and they would lose the AEW World Tag Team Championship to Jurassic Express on January 5, 2022 episode of "Dynamite".

On the September 7th episode of "Dynamite", the Lucha Brothers would defeat Best Friends to become the new AEW World Trios Champions. They would lose the titles to The Elite (Kenny Omega and the Young Bucks) on the January 11, 2023 episode of "Dynamite".

At Grand Slam, Fénix would face Jon Moxley for the AEW International Championship. He defeated Moxley and won his first singles championship in AEW. He would lose the title to Orange Cassidy on the October 10 episode of "Dynamite".

Terrorism in the United States

In general, terrorists use violence, to create a climate of fear in all the population, or in a small group. They do this because they have political or religious motives. In the United States, the following forms are known:


The Wild, the Innocent &amp; the E Street Shuffle

The Wild, the Innocent & the E Street Shuffle is the second studio album by Bruce Springsteen. It was released on 5 November, 1973 through Columbia Records. It went to number 59 in the United States, number 33 in the United Kingdom and number 34 in Sweden. It was named after the 1959 movie "The Wild and the Innocent" and was ranked #345 on the Rolling Stone 500 Greatest Albums of All Time in 2020.

Indigenous People of Biafra Worldwide

The Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB) is a self-determination movement based in old eastern region Nigeria, with the primary goal of re- establishing an independent state of Biafra, separate from the rest of Nigeria.

IPOB’s core belief centers on the perceived marginalization and oppression of the old eastern region people within the Nigerian state. They assert that this marginalized status necessitates their right to self-determination. It's worth noting that historical factors, including this sense of marginalization, contributed to the Nigerian Civil War (1967-1970) during which the old eastern region sought to secede from Nigeria and establish an independent state of Biafra. The conflict ultimately ended with Biafra's defeat and its reintegration into Nigeria.

To further their cause, IPOB operates Radio Biafra, an online radio station that broadcasts messages related to Biafra's independence and the pursuit of self-determination. Nnamdi Kanu, a prominent figure within the movement, served as both the Director of Radio Biafra and Biafra TV.

However, it's important to note that the Nigerian government has designated IPOB as a terrorist organization. This proscription has posed significant legal challenges for the group, resulting in the arrest and detention of numerous members. Additionally, IPOB has been the subject of military operations conducted by the Nigerian government.

In response to perceived injustices, IPOB has resorted to legal action to challenge government policies and actions that they believe are detrimental to the Igbo people and their aspirations for self-determination. The movement's history and objectives are complex, and its activities have elicited varied reactions and opinions, both within Nigeria and on the international stage.

IPOB emerged in 2012 and is deeply committed to advocating for the right to self-determination, a fundamental principle enshrined in international law. The movement argues that the people of the old eastern region should have the opportunity to determine their political future through a democratic referendum.
IPOB operates with a semi-decentralized command and control structure, with leadership provided by Mazi Nnamdi Kanu. At the highest level of decision-making within the separatist movement is the Directorate of State (DOS), comprising 15 members, and based in Germany. This body plays a central role in shaping the movement's direction and strategy.

Beneath the DOS are regional representatives, including those for Australia, Asia, Middle East, Europe, Africa, North & South America. These representatives work to coordinate activities and engagements within their respective regions.

Within Nigeria, particularly in the South-East and South-South regions, IPOB has established structures that include state coordinators, zonal coordinators, and unit coordinators at the local government and community levels, respectively. These coordinators play essential roles in managing and organizing the movement's activities at the state, zonal, and local levels.

Taking into account the danger of extinction facing us as a people, we have taken up the task of ensuring the conservation of the Cultural Heritage and National Values of the indigenous people of Biafra for the benefit of our Children and for the generation of Biafrans yet unborn.

WebApricot

The WebApricot Pan-Armenian Film Festival is the first online film festival for Armenians. It was established in 2011 by the and Webtv.am Internet Channel. In the festival filmmakers from Armenia and other countries can participate.


Until the End of the World (song)

"Until the End of the World" is a 1991 promo song by Irish rock band U2. It is the fourth track from their seventh studio album "Achtung Baby" and was taken from the 1991 Wim Wenders movie "Until the End of the World". It went to number 69 in Canada and number 4 on the Billboard Alternative Airplay chart.

Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J.

Greetings from Asbury Park, N.J. is the debut studio album by Bruce Springsteen. It was released on 5 January, 1973 through Columbia Records and went to number 60 in the United States, number 35 in Sweden and number 41 in the United Kingdom when it charted in 1985. It was ranked #379 on the Rolling Stone 500 Greatest Albums of all time in 2003.

Predeal

Predeal () is a town in Brașov County, Romania. It is in the Prahova Valley. In 2021, 4,020 people lived there. Predeal is at an elevation of over . The town has three villages: Pârâul Rece, Timișu de Jos and Timișu de Sus.

Rupea

Rupea (; ) is a town in Brașov County, Romania. In 2021, 4,907 people lived in Rupea.

Zărnești

Zărnești (; ) is a town in Brașov County, Romania. In 2021, 21,624 people lived in Zărnești. It is near the Piatra Craiului Mountains.


Apața

Apața (; ) is a commune in Brașov County, Romania.

Augustin, Brașov

Augustin (; ) is a commune in Brașov County, Romania.

Pseudophilautus leucorhinus

The whitenose bubble-nest frog, pointed-nose bush frog, white-nosed bush frog or Marten's bush frog ("Pseudophilautus leucorhinus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. These frogs all died.

Beclean, Brașov

Beclean (; ) is a commune in Brașov County, Romania. It has five villages: Beclean, Boholț ("Buchholz"; "Boholc"), Calbor ("Kaltbrunnen"; "Kálbor"), Hurez ("Huréz"), and Luța ("Luca").

Budila

Budila (; ) is a commune in Brașov County, Romania.

Bunești, Brașov

Bunești (; ) is a commune in Brașov County, Romania.

Cața

Cața (; ) is a commune in Brașov County, Romania.

Sainte-Dode

Sainte-Dode is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Democratic Government of Albania

The Democratic Government of Albania was a short-lived socialist nation that ruled over Albania from 1944 to 1946. It was established by the National Liberation Movement during the end of the Second World War as a provisional government, and existed until the creation of the People's Socialist Republic of Albania in 1946. Its only prime minister was Enver Hoxha.

Camposampiero

Camposampiero is a "comune" in the Province of Padua in the Veneto region in Italy.

Majano

Majano () is a (municipality) in the Province of Udine in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.

Jérôme Bonaparte

Jérôme-Napoléon Bonaparte (born Girolamo Buonaparte; 15 November 1784 – 24 June 1860) was the youngest brother of Napoleon I and reigned as Jerome Napoleon I (formally Hieronymus Napoleon in German), King of Westphalia, between 1807 and 1813.

Lallio

Lallio is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Lombardy region in Italy.

San Giovanni Bianco

San Giovanni Bianco is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Salsomaggiore Terme

Salsomaggiore Terme is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna. It is in the Province of Parma. About 20,000 people lived there. Its warm salt waters made this a popular spa town.

Mugnano di Napoli

Mugnano di Napoli is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Naples in the Campania region in Italy.

Caselle Lurani

Caselle Lurani is a "comune" in the Province of Lodi in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Monterotondo

Monterotondo is a town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Rome, central Italy.

Acquanegra sul Chiese

Acquanegra sul Chiese is a "comune" in the Province of Mantua in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Heaven Beside You

"Heaven Beside You" is a 1996 song by Alice in Chains. It is the second single from their third studio album "Alice in Chains" and was included on their greatest hits albums "Music Bank", "Greatest Hits" and "The Essential Alice in Chains". It went to number 35 in the United Kingdom, number 60 in Australia and number 3 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock charts.

Bagnolo San Vito

Bagnolo San Vito is a "comune" in the Province of Mantua in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Laphonza Butler

Laphonza Romanique Butler (born May 11, 1979) is an American politician serving as the junior United States senator from California since 2023. 

On October 1, 2023, California Governor Gavin Newsom chose Butler to fill the U.S. Senate seat that was left vacant by the death of Dianne Feinstein. She is the first Black lesbian to serve in the Senate.

Crime &amp; Investigation

Crime & Investigation (stylized as Crime + Investigation) is an American pay television channel. It is owned by A&E Networks. That company is owned by Hearst Communications and the Disney Entertainment division of The Walt Disney Company. The channel broadcasts worldwide.

The network broadcasts mostly reruns of crime dramas made by other networks. These include "24", "Nash Bridges" and "Hack." They also broadcast the A&E crime documentary programs "SWAT", "Uncovered", "The First 48", "American Justice", "The Big House" and "Vanished With Beth Holloway".

Thelma Rogers

Thelma Rogers (24 June 1924 – 13 January 2000) was an English actress. She was best known as the voice of Peggy Archer on the BBC Radio 4 radio soap opera "The Archers" between 1953 and 1962.

Thelma Rogers was born in Foleshill, Warwickshire, England on 24 June 1924. Her father, Edwin Moody Rogers, was the Lord Mayor of Coventry from 1966 to 1967. Her mothers maiden name was Gould. Rogers was raised in Coventry.

Rogers studied for two years in Cambridge to become a teacher. She later dropped her teaching studies and joined the Leicester Repertory Company, studying acting, for four years.

Rogers began her career in April 1953, when she joined the cast of the BBC Radio 4 radio soap opera "The Archers", taking over the role of Margaret "Peggy" Archer from June Spencer. She was spotted in the early 1950s by Tony Shryane, the first producer. She left the serial in 1962 and Spencer returned to her former position as Peggy. Rogers made her debut as the voice of Elsie Catcher, a schoolteacher.

Rogers worked the stage after her departure from "The Archers". She later joined the Perth Repertory Company. She took a prominent role while in Scotland, Lily Taylor in the ITV soap opera "Take the High Road". Rogers other television credits include "Crossroads" and "Coronation Street".

Rogers hated the name Thelma until someone pointed out that it was an anagram of "Hamlet".

Rogers died in London, England on 13 January 2000. She was 75. Her obituary was written by Norman Painting and published by "The Guardian" on 21 January.

References: 

Tyla Nathan-Wong

Tyla Nathan-Wong (born 1 July 1994) is a New Zealand professional rugby sevens representative and two-time Olympic medalist. She became a silver medalist at the 2016 Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro and won a gold medal at the 2020 Summer Olympics in Tokyo.

In 2015 and 2019, Nathan-Wong was named New Zealand Sevens Player of the Year. She began playing rugby when she attended Lynfield College. She is of the Ngāpuhi tribe, and is also of Chinese and European descent. In 2012 and 2013, she won the Junior Māori Sportswoman of the Year award and was a finalist for the same award in 2014.

Nathan-Wong was selected for the women's sevens team to the 2016 Summer Olympics.

In 2018, Nathan-Wong and her team won both the 2018 Commonwealth Games held on the Gold Coast in Australia, as well as the Rugby World Cup Sevens in San Francisco, United States.

Nathan-Wong played for the Black Ferns Sevens squad for the 2022 Commonwealth Games in Birmingham. They won a bronze medal at the event.

Nathan-Wong joined the Black Ferns XV's when she was selected for the Laurie O'Reilly Cup Test series against the Australian national team. She had her first match for New Zealand on 20 August 2022 against Australia in Christchurch.

On 24 May 2023 she signed up with NRLW rugby league team the St George Illawarra Dragons.

Nathan-Wong made her Rugby League and club debut for the Dragons against the Newcastle Knights on 22 July 2023.


Flag of Veracruz

The State Flag of Veracruz has a white background with the state arm of coat.


Flag of Quintana Roo

The State Flag of Quintana Roo has a white background with the state arm of coat.


Flag of Nuevo León

The State Flag of Nuevo León has a white background with the state arm of coat.


Flag of Querétaro

The State Flag of Querétaro has a white background with the state arm of coat.

Flag of Guerrero

The State Flag of Guerrero has a white background with the state arm of coat.

Flag of Baja California Sur

The State Flag of Baja California Sur has a white background with the state arm of coat.

Flag of Durango

The State Flag of Durango has a white background with the state arm of coat.

William J. Hochul Jr.

William J. "Bill" Hochul Jr. (born April 1, 1959) is an American attorney who is the current first gentleman of New York as the husband of Governor Kathy Hochul. He was also the second gentleman of New York from 2015 to 2021 when his wife was lieutenant governor.

Hochul also served as United States attorney for the Western District of New York from 2010 to 2016 under President Barack Obama.

Scorpio Sky

Schuyler Andrews (born April 2, 1983) is an American professional wrestler and mixed martial artist. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Scorpio Sky.

He is also known for his time wrestling in Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Ring of Honor (ROH), Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW). He also appeared in the WWE as Harold during a couple of segments with Daniel Bryan and Kane.

During his time in AEW, Sky has been a two-time AEW TNT Champion and a one-time and first AEW World Tag Team Champion.

Outside of wrestling, Sky is also a mixed martial artist and has a record of 2-1.

On January 8, 2019, Sky signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

Sky would enter a tournament along with Frankie Kazarian to crown the first AEW World Tag Team Champions. Sky would replace Christopher Daniels as Kazarian's partner after Daniels was attacked by the Lucha Brothers before a match.

They would defeat Best Friends (Trent? and Chuck Taylor) on the October 16 episode of "Dynamite" and The Dark Order (Evil Uno and Stu Grayson) on the October 23 episode of "Dynamite". On the October 30 episode of "Dynamite", Sky and Kazarian would defeat the Lucha Brothers (Pentagón Jr. and Fénix) in the finals to become the first AEW World Tag Team Champions. This was Sky's first championship in AEW and he became the first African-American champion in the history of AEW. During a successful defense against the Inner Circle, Scorpio would pin Jericho and earn a shot at his AEW World Championship. Scorpio faced Jericho for the championship on the November 27 episode of "Dynamite" but lost. They would lose the tag titles to Kenny Omega and "Hangman" Adam Page at Chris Jericho's Rock 'N' Wrestling Rager at Sea Part Deux: Second Wave. Sky would leave the team to focus more on singles matches after the loss.

At Revolution, Sky wrestled in the Face of the Revolution ladder match. He would win and with it, wona shot at the AEW TNT Championship. On the March 10, 2021 episode of "Dynamite", he faced Darby Allin for the TNT Championship but lost. After the loss, Sky attacked Allin and turned heel. He would then join a team with Ethan Page called Men of the Year. The two would later join Dan Lambert and American Top Team.

On the March 9, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Sky would defeat Sammy Guevara and win the AEW TNT Championship. This was Sky's first singles title in AEW. He would lose the title back to Guevara at Battle of the Belts II but won it back two weeks later on the April 27 episode of "Dynamite". Sky would lose the title to Wardlow on the July 6 episode of "Dynamite".

Claudia Mandia

Claudia Mandia is an Italian archer. She was born on 21 October 1992. Mandia competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Alfredo Massazza

Alfredo Massazza was an Italian archer. He was born on 24 May 1923 and died on 17 March 2004. Massazza competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Mauro Nespoli

Mauro Nespoli is an Italian archer. He was born on 22 November 1987. Nespoli competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics, 2012 Summer Olympics, 2016 Summer Olympics, and 2020 Summer Olympics.

Trapped (Jimmy Cliff song)

"Trapped" is a 1972 song by reggae singer Jimmy Cliff and was made popular by Bruce Springsteen in the 1980s.

While on tour with The River in Spring 1981, Springsteen purchased a cassette tape of Cliff's single in the Netherlands and turned in from reggae to rock single. It did not appear on any of his studio albums.

Frankie Kazarian

Frank Benedict Gerdelman (born August 4, 1977) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for Impact Wrestling and competes under the ring name Frankie Kazarian.

He is also known for his time wrestling in Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Ring of Honor (ROH), Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA), and All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He was known for his team with Christopher Daniels and Scorpio Sky called Bad Influence (later SoCal Uncensored) .

During his time in Total Nonstop Action Wrestling/Impact Wrestling, Kazarian has been a five-time TNA/Impact X Division Champion and three-time TNA World Tag Team Champion.

On January 8, 2019, Kazarian signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

Kazarian would enter a tournament along with Scorpio Sky to crown the first AEW World Tag Team Champions. Sky replaced Kazarian's original partner Christopher Daniels after Daniels was attacked by the Lucha Brothers before a match.

They would defeat Best Friends (Trent? and Chuck Taylor) on the October 16 episode of "Dynamite" and The Dark Order (Evil Uno and Stu Grayson) on the October 23 episode of "Dynamite". On the October 30 episode of "Dynamite", Kazarian and Sky would defeat the Lucha Brothers (Pentagón Jr. and Fénix) in the finals to become the first AEW World Tag Team Champions. This was Kazarian's first championship in AEW. They would lose the tag titles to Kenny Omega and "Hangman" Adam Page at Chris Jericho's Rock 'N' Wrestling Rager at Sea Part Deux: Second Wave. Sky would leave the team to focus more on singles matches after the loss. Kazarian would go back to teaming with Daniels afterwards. He would team with Sky again for one night when they face FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) for the AEW World Tag Team Championships on the September 30 episode of "Dynamite" but lost.

When teaming with Daniels, Kazarian would cut a promo and say that the tag team would break up the next time that they lost. They would earn a shot at AEW World Tag Team Championships but they ended up losing to The Young Bucks on the May 12 episode of "Dynamite" and had to split up as a tag team.

At the Impact Wrestling pay-per-view Hard To Kill, Kazarian cut a promo and said that he asked to be released from his contract with AEW and wanted to return to Impact Wrestling.

On December 26, 2022, Kazarian had his last match in AEW. He faced Konosuke Takeshita and lost.

On July 29, 2021, Kazarian would make his return to Impact Wrestling, having originally worked there when it was called Total Nonstop Action Wrestling (TNA).


2021-22 Austrian football championship

The 2021-22 Austrian football championship was the 110th season. It was played by 12 teams.They initially determine the participants in the master and qualification groups in two rounds. The Austrian football champion and the first three representatives of Austria in the international competitions of the 2022/23 season will then be determined in the championship group. 
The TV provider Sky Deutschland GmbH has the rights to show all Bundesliga games in full length. The channel showed all games in conference calls and as individual games. In addition, four games and a highlight program were broadcasted on free TV. 
Twelve clubs competed against each other in an initial 22 rounds. Each team plays once at home and away against every other team. After that, the best six teams go into the championship group and the remaining six go into the qualification group. The points from the basic round were halved. Half points were rounded down. If two clubs were tied on points at the end of the final round and one of these clubs has had half a point rounded off, that club was ranked first. If neither or both clubs have rounded off, the direct duel was used as the next decision criterion. If there is no decision, the goal difference is the next one.

SC Austria Lustenau

Casarsa della Delizia

Casarsa della Delizia or simply Casarsa () is a "comune" in the Province of Pordenone in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.

Castel San Lorenzo

Castel San Lorenzo is a "comune" in the Province of Salerno in the Campania region in Italy.

Monte San Giacomo

Monte San Giacomo is a "comune" in the Province of Salerno in the Campania region in Italy.

Pasiano di Pordenone

Pasiano di Pordenone (; ) is a "comune" in the Province of Pordenone in the Friuli-Venezia Giulia region in Italy.

Meduna di Livenza

Meduna di Livenza is a "comune" in the Province of Treviso in the Veneto region in Italy.

Aishwarya Sharma

Aishwarya Sharma (born 8 December 1992) is an Indian actress. She is best known for her portrayal of Patralekha Salunkhe in "Ghum Hai Kisikey Pyaar Meiin".

Aishwarya Sharma was born on 8 December 1992 in Ujjain, Madhya Pradesh. She pursued her graduation in Dance from Khairagarh University, Chhattisgarh.

Sharma met actor Neil Bhatt on the sets of "Ghum Hai Kisikey Pyaar Meiin" and they announced their engagement in 27 January 2021 and got married on 30 November 2021 in Ujjain.

Bomporto

Bomporto is a "comune" in the Province of Modena in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Death to My Hometown

"Death to My Hometown" is a 2012 song by Bruce Springsteen and is the third single from his 17th studio album "Wrecking Ball". It is a protest song with celtic rock roots thrown into it. It did not chart in the United States or anywhere around the world.

Castelnovo ne' Monti

Castelnovo ne' Monti is a "comune" in the Province of Reggio Emilia in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

Albino, Lombardy

Albino is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Carona, Lombardy

Carona is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Branzi

Branzi is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Alzano Lombardo

Alzano Lombardo is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Ghisalba

Ghisalba is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Cavernago

Cavernago is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Lombardy region in Italy. It is home to the Malpaga Castle.

Urgnano

Urgnano is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Comun Nuovo

Comun Nuovo is a "comune" in the Province of Bergamo in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Lomello

Lomello is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Torre Beretti e Castellaro

Torre Beretti e Castellaro is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Lombardy region in Italy. It is about 60 km southwest of Milan and about 40 km southwest of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, 604 people lived there. It has an area of 17.5 km².

Torre Beretti e Castellaro is next to these municipalities: Bozzole, Frascarolo, Mede, Sartirana Lomellina, Valenza.

Pieve del Cairo

Pieve del Cairo is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Lombardy region in Italy. It is about 60 km southwest of Milan and about 30 km southwest of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, 2,179 people lived there. It has an area of 25.5 km².

Pieve del Cairo is next to these municipalities of Ferrera Erbognone, Galliavola, Gambarana, Isola Sant'Antonio, Mede, Mezzana Bigli, and Villa Biscossi.

Villa Biscossi

Villa Biscossi is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Lombardy region in Italy. It is about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 30 km southwest of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, 74 people lived there. It has an area of 5 km².

Villa Biscossi is next to these municipalities: Galliavola, Lomello, Mede, Pieve del Cairo.

Semiana

Semiana is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Lombardy region in Italy. It is about 50 km southwest of Milan and about 35 km west of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, 256 people lived there. It has an area of 9.9 km².

Semiana is next to these municipalities: Lomello, Mede, Sartirana Lomellina, Valle Lomellina, Velezzo Lomellina.

Galliavola

Galliavola is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Lombardy region in Italy.

List of historical states of Greater Iran

This is a list of historical states of Greater Iran. The Greater Iran (Persian: ایران بزرگ, ), also known as Persosphere, refers to a sociocultural region in which the Iranian traditions and the Iranian languages have had a significant impact. It spans parts of the West Asia, the Caucasus, the Central Asia, the South Asia, and the Xinjiang.









Voghera

Voghera is an Italian city in Lombardy. Voghera is in the Province of Pavia. About 39,000 people live there. It is the third largest city in the province by population, after Pavia and Vigevano.

Islamic extremism

Some Muslims have more extreme views than others. Their teachings are called Islamic extremism, Islamist extremism, or radical Islam. People do not agree what exactly Islamic extremism is: there are different definitions. Also, some people call the teachings of certain groups within Islam "extremist", but the groups themselves do not see their teachings as extremist. 

Political definitions of Islamic extremists usually say that Islamic extremists oppose "democracy, the rule of law, individual liberty, and mutual respect and tolerance of different faiths and beliefs."

Islamic extremism is different from Islamic fundamentalism or Islamism. Islamic fundamentalists want to establish an Islamic state in countries where there is a Muslim majority. Islamism has similar teachings: There is Islamic law, and followers of Islamis think it should be applied.

Acts of violence done by Islamic terrorists are often associated with Islamic extremism. 

Garlasco

Garlasco is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Lombardy region in Italy. It is about southwest of Milan and about west of Pavia. As of 31 December 2004, 9,343 people lived there. It has an area of .

The municipality has only "frazione" Bozzola.

Garlasco is next to these municipalities: Alagna, Borgo San Siro, Dorno, Gropello Cairoli, Tromello, Zerbolò.


Borgo San Siro

Borgo San Siro is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Castellar Guidobono

Castellar Guidobono is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Castelletto Merli

Castelletto Merli is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Castelletto Monferrato

Castelletto Monferrato is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

57 Channels (And Nothin' On)

"57 Channels (And Nothin' On)" is a 1992 song by Bruce Springsteen. It is the second single from his ninth studio album "Human Touch" and went to number 68 in the United States, number 32 in the United Kingdom and Sweden, number 39 in the Netherlands, number 9 in Sweden and number 25 in Canada. The music video was made for the single.

Castelnuovo Bormida

Castelnuovo Bormida is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Castelnuovo Scrivia

Castelnuovo Scrivia is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Castelspina

Castelspina is a "comune" in the Province of Alessandria in the Piedmont region in Italy.

Aremark

Aremark is a municipality in Østfold county, Norway. In 2022, 1,315 people lived there.


Halden

Halden is a town and municipality in Østfold county, Norway. In 2022, 31,444 people lived there.



Enebakk

Enebakk is a municipality in Akershus county, Norway. In 2022, 11,249 people lived there.


Sainte-Gemme, Gers

Sainte-Gemme is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Élix-d'Astarac

Saint-Élix-d'Astarac (before 2017: "Saint-Élix") is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Élix-Theux

Saint-Élix-Theux is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sainte-Marie, Gers

Sainte-Marie is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sainte-Mère

Sainte-Mère is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sainte-Radegonde, Gers

Sainte-Radegonde is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Georges, Gers

Saint-Georges is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Germé

Saint-Germé is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Germier, Gers

Saint-Germier is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Griède

Saint-Griède is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Jean-le-Comtal

Saint-Jean-le-Comtal is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Jean-Poutge

Saint-Jean-Poutge is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Justin, Gers

Saint-Justin is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Lary, Gers

Saint-Lary is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Léonard, Gers

Saint-Léonard is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Lizier-du-Planté

Saint-Lizier-du-Planté is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Loube

Saint-Loube is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


1946–47 Austrian football championship

The 1946-47 Austrian football championship was organized by the league committee and contested by its members. The dual-track first class served as a substructure to the league. In addition, other federal state associations organized state championships in different modes. Champion became SC Wacker Wien for the first time, they also won the Cup.

The sports field situation in Vienna improved, but some clubs had no homegrounds. They often played their home games in the form of Double events.
Stefan Ploc, Franz Pelikan – Theodor Brinek, Otto Marischka, Friedrich Zwazl – Herrmann, Polster, Franz Macho, Gerhard Hanappi – Karl Zischek, Licker, Streit, Franz Pavuza, Karl Loidolt, Theodor Wagner, Ernst Reitermaier, Wilhelm Hahnemann, Josef Wirius, Edelmann, Csarmann, Strobl, Johann Kalcik – Trainer: Johann Strnad

Respawn Entertainment

Respawn entertainment is a video game development studio formed in 2010 by Jason West and Vince Zampella which is owned by Electronic Arts. Jason and Vince used to be co-founders of Infinity Ward and made the Call of Duty series. Their first game was a first person shooter called Titanfall.

Titanfall 2

Titanfall 2 is a Video game made by Respawn entertainment released on October 28 2016. It was made for the Xbox One, PlayStation 4 and PC. It had a game in the Titanfall series made before Titanfall 2 which was called Titanfall.

Ferrera Erbognone

Ferrera Erbognone is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Mezzana Bigli

Mezzana Bigli is a "comune" in the Province of Pavia in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Pozzuolo Martesana

Pozzuolo Martesana is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Bussero

Bussero is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Milan in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Buccinasco

Buccinasco is an Italian city in Lombardy. About 27,000 people live there.

Gerenzano

Gerenzano is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Besozzo

Besozzo is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Cassano Valcuvia

Cassano Valcuvia is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Besano

Besano is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Saint-Martin, Gers

Saint-Martin is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Rakkestad

Rakkestad is a municipality in Østfold county, Norway.


Caledonia, Minnesota

Caledonia is the county seat of Houston County, Minnesota, United States.

Elektrogorsk

Elektrogorsk () is a town in Moscow Oblast, Russia. In 2020, 22,653 people lived there.

Park Rapids, Minnesota

Park Rapids is the county seat of Hubbard County, Minnesota, United States.

Bicycle kick

A bicycle kick is a very difficult type of shooting skill done by Football players. It is normally done when another player does a lob pass to the player, but the ball is high and behind the receiving player, so he or she has to pull back and jump like a back flip while kicking the ball into the post. It is very difficult to do and only becomes a goal in rare occasions.

Cambridge, Minnesota

Cambridge is the county seat of Isanti County, Minnesota, United States.

Giulio Fiou

Giulio Fiou (born 17 May 1938) is an Italian politician. He was the mayor of Aosta from 1992 to 1995. He was a member of the Democratic Party of the Left. He was born in Aosta, Italy.

Fiou was also elected to the Regional Council of Aosta Valley in the XII and XI legislatures.

Ṯāʾ

Ṯāʾ (ث) is one of the six letters the Arabic alphabet added to the 22 from the Phoenician alphabet. The others are "ḫāʾ", "ḏāl", "ḍād", "ẓāʾ and" "ġayn"). In Modern Standard Arabic, it stands for the voiceless dental fricative [θ], also found in English as the "th" in words such as "thank" and "thin". In Persian, Urdu and Kurdish, it is pronounced as "s" as in "sister" in English.
In name and shape, it is a variant of "tāʾ" (ت). Its numerical value is 500.

Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata

The Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata (Spanish: "Virreinato del Río de la Plata" or Spanish: "Virreinato de las Provincias del Río de la Plata") was the shortest-lived of the Viceroyalties of the Spanish Empire in the Americas. It was the last to be organized. Its name means "River of the Silver", It was also called "Viceroyalty of the River Plate" in some writings. The name ""Provincias del Río de la Plata"" was formally adopted in 1810 during the Cortes of Cádiz to name the Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata.

The Viceroyalty of the Río de la Plata was created in 1776 by Charles III of Spain. Although it functioned as a Spanish colony, Río de la Plata was technically a personal possession of the King of Spain. This allowed both European Spain and its overseas territories to have their own laws and regulations.

Liberal Democratic Party of Germany

The Liberal Democratic Party of Germany (Liberal-Demokratische Partei Deutschlands, LDP, or LDPD) was created in 1945, in the zone occupied by the Soviet Union (that would later become the German Democratic Republic, DDR). Originally, it had liberal views. It was one of the bloc parties of the Sozialistische Einheitspartei Deutschlands. Together with Liberal parties in West Germany, they wanted to form a single Liberal party, wich they called Democratic Party of Germany, ("Demokratische Partei Deutschlands"). After the German Unification, they joined the FDP.

Madeline Argy

Madeline Felicity Argy (born 7 July 2000) is an English media personality and podcaster known as the host of the "Pretty Lonesome" podcast.

Madeline Felicity Argy was born in Haywards Heath, West Sussex, England on 7 July 2000, as the youngest of two children. She has an older sister. Her mother is the thalidomide survivor and activist, MBE. Argy's father left when she was 21, although he still maintains contact.

Argy attended in East Grinstead. She graduated from the in 2022.

Argy has spoken publicly about her experiences in therapy.

Argy rose to fame when she started to post on the social media platform TikTok in March 2021. Her account, @madelineargy, has 4.8 million followers, as of October 2023. Argy launched @madelineargy7946, her YouTube channel, in August 2022. Her account has 389,000 subscribers, as of October 2023. Argy has 1.8 million followers on her Instagram account, as of October 2023.

Argy was signed to The Unwell Network on 8 August 2022. The company was founded by the American social media influencer on the same day. She launched her podcast, "Pretty Lonesome", on 2 October 2023. She tackles Gen Z problems from her "banged-up" Vauxhall Astra.

Argy currently resides in Sussex, England. She worked at a camp in the United States during the summer of 2019.

Argy was romantically linked to rapper between July 2022 and September 2023. She identifies as queer. She came out to her family in 2020, and to her father in 2021. Argy's sexuality was referenced with the lyrics "how can I be homophobic? My bitch is gay" from Cee's 2022 song .

Argy was diagnosed with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder (ADHD) in October 2023.

Pseudophilautus macropus

The bigfoot shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus macropus") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. It lives near streams in the Knuckles Range mountains. People have seen them between 603 and 760 meters above sea level.

Pseudophilautus nanus

Pseudophilautus nanus is a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. This frog is extinct. There are no frogs of this species alive today.

Cal Wilson

Cal Wilson (5 October 1970 – 11 October 2023) was a New Zealand stand-up comedian, author, radio and television presenter, She was based in Australia. Wilson had a Bachelor of Arts degree. She wrote the New Zealand sitcom "Willy Nilly" from 2001 until 2003. She had been in many comedy television programs. Wilson was the host of "Sleuth 101" and voiced Petal and Thorn in the children's series "Kitty Is Not a Cat". Wilson also co-hosted several radio programs. She died on 11 October 2023 at age 53 years old .

The Ghost of Tom Joad

The Ghost of Tom Joad is the 11th studio album by Bruce Springsteen. It was released on 21 November through Columbia Records and went to number 11 in the United States, number 16 in the United Kingdom, number 30 in Scotland, number 1 in Italy and Denmark, number 17 in the Netherlands, number 47 in New Zealand and number 27 in Australia. It won a Grammy Award in 1997.

All songs are written by Bruce Springsteen.
Twelve of the 22 songs recorded during the album's sessions made the final cut while "Dead Man Walkin'" was released on the soundtrack for the movie "Dead Man Walking" and later on "The Essential Bruce Springsteen" and "Brothers Under the Bridge" was released on "Tracks". "I'm Turning Into Elvis" and "It's the Little Things That Count" remain unreleased; however, they were performed live while "Idiot's Delight" and "I'm Not Sleeping" were also performed live and along with "1945" and "Cheap Motel" were co-written with Joe Grushecky, who recorded the four songs for his 1997 album "Coming Home".

Turn Your Love Around

"Turn Your Love Around" is a 1981 song by jazz artist George Benson and was taken from his greatest hits compilation "The George Benson Collection". It went to number 5 in the United States, number 29 in the United Kingdom, number 21 in Australia, number 10 in Canada and number 13 in New Zealand. It won a Grammy Award in 1983 and was covered by Tony Di Bart in 1995.

Fatah–Hamas conflict

The Fatah–Hamas conflict is an ongoing inter-Palestinian militant conflict between Fatah, based in the West Bank, and Hamas, based in the Gaza Strip. The conflict began after the Second Intifada because Fatah disputed Hamas winning 2006 elections in the Palestinian National Authority (PNA). It grew further when Hamas took control of the Gaza Strip by military force in 2007 during the Battle of Gaza. The two groups have been trying to reconcile in recent years and have since found themselves somewhat on the same side in the 2023 Israel–Hamas war.


Andrea Parenti

Andrea Parenti is an Italian archer. He was born on 26 April 1965. Parenti competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics, 1992 Summer Olympics, and 1996 Summer Olympics.

David Pasqualucci

David Pasqualucci is an Italian archer. He was born on 27 June 1996. Pasqualucci competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

David Pasqualucci entered his first international competitions in 2013. He achieved his first global podium in 2014 when he won the bronze in the men's individual classic archery event at the junior indoor championship.

Chiara Rebagliati

Chiara Rebagliati is an Italian archer. She was born on 23 January 1997. Rebagliati competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Give Me the Night (George Benson song)

"Give Me the Night" is a 1980 song by jazz singer George Benson and is the title track to his 18th studio album "Give Me the Night". It went to number 4 in the United States and New Zealand, number 7 in the United Kingdom and Switzerland, number 10 in Australia, number 15 in Ireland, number 3 in France, number 5 in South Africa and number 8 in Norway and was covered by Randy Crawford in 1995.







Leg spin

Leg spin is a type of bowling style in cricket where the ball is spun with the wrist. It makes the ball move strangely, making it hard for the batsman. Leg spin is tricky and uses different types of spins to confuse the batsman. It's a difficult but interesting part of cricket. The leg spinner's normal delivery causes the ball to spin from right to left "(from the bowlers perspective)." The ball generally spins away from the leg side, and this is where it gets the name leg break, meaning it breaks away from the leg.

Artificial vegetative reproduction

Plants produced from seeds sometimes show less productivity. 

In these types pf plants the artificial vegetative propagation is a useful tool for restoring the parental quality.

Grafting and cutting are some examples of this artificial vegetative reproduction.

Austin Gunn

Austin Sopp (born August 26, 1994) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Austin Gunn.

He wrestles in a tag team called The Gunns with his real-life older brother Colten. His father is professional wrestler Billy Gunn and he also wrestles in All Elite Wrestling. Gunn has also wrestled in Ring of Honor (ROH).

During his time in AEW, Gunn has been a one-time AEW World Tag Team Champion.

On January 9, 2020, it was announced that Gunn had signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

On the January 14 episode of "Dark", Gunn made his AEW in-ring debut. He teamed with his father Billy Gunn as The Gunn Club. They defeated Peter Avalon and Shawn Spears but Gunn tore his PCL in the match.

On the November 4 of "Dynamite", Gunn made his return to in-ring action from injury. He teamed with his father and Cody Rhodes to defeat The Dark Order (10, John Silver, and Colt Cabana). On November 17 episode of "Dark", The Gunn Club would be joined by Austin's brother Colten. They would defeat BSHP King, Joey O’Riley, and Sean Maluta. On the February 11, 2022 episode of "Rampage", Austin and Colten would face Jurassic Express (Jungle Boy and Luchasaurus) for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but lost.

On February 8, 2023 episode of "Dynamite", The Gunn's would defeat The Acclaimed (Max Caster and Anthony Bowens) to win the AEW World Tag Team Championships. This was Austin's first championship in AEW. They would lose the titles to FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) on the April 5 episode of "Dynamite" in a Title vs. Career match.

My Lucky Day (Bruce Springsteen song)

"My Lucky Day" is a 2008 song by Bruce Springsteen. It is the second single from his 16th studio album "Working on a Dream" and went to number 41 in Italy and number 18 on the Billboard Adult Alternative Songs chart.

Hello Sunshine (Bruce Springsteen song)

"Hello Sunshine" is a 2019 song by Bruce Springsteen. It is the leading single from his 19th studio album "Western Stars" and went to number 16 on the Billboard Hot Rock & Alternative Songs charts. The song influences Jimmy Webb, Glen Campbell and Burt Bacharach musical culture.

Colten Gunn

Colten Sopp (born May 18, 1991) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Colten Gunn.

He wrestles in a tag team called The Gunns with his real-life younger brother Austin. His father is professional wrestler Billy Gunn and he also wrestles in All Elite Wrestling.

During his time in AEW, Gunn has been a one-time AEW World Tag Team Champion.

On the November 17, 2020 episode of "Dark", Gunn would make his in-ring debut for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He would join his father Billy Gunn and his brother Austin as The Gunn Club. They would defeat BSHP King, Joey O’Riley, and Sean Maluta. On the February 11, 2022 episode of "Rampage", Colten and Austin would face Jurassic Express (Jungle Boy and Luchasaurus) for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but lost.

On February 8, 2023 episode of "Dynamite", The Gunn's would defeat The Acclaimed (Max Caster and Anthony Bowens) to win the AEW World Tag Team Championships. This was Austin's first championship in AEW. They would lose the titles to FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) on the April 5 episode of "Dynamite" in a Title vs. Career match.

NUS

NUS or Nus may refer to:



Dance Like There's No Tomorrow

"Dance Like There's No Tomorrow" is a song by American singer and dancer Paula Abdul and American musician Randy Jackson. It was Abdul's first single release in twelve years. The song was produced by DEEKAY and Randy Jackson and appears on Jackson's album "Randy Jackson's Music Club, Vol. 1" (2008).


I'm Just Here for the Music

"I'm Just Here for the Music" is a song by American singer and dancer Paula Abdul. It was released on May 8, 2009 by Filament Entertainment Group. The track was produced by Oliver Leiber, who produced Abdul’s debut album "Forever Your Girl" (1988). The song was originally an unreleased song cut from Australian singer Kylie Minogue's ninth album "Body Language" (2003).

In May 2009, Abdul performed the song on American Idol.

German occupation of Albania

The German occupation of Albania refers to the short-lived occupation of Albania by Germany in World War II, specifically between 1943 and 1944. After Italy collapsed, Germany took control of the former Italian Protectorate of Albania, and turned it into a client state known as the Albanian Kingdom. The client state was liberated by the Allies in 1944.

The client state had Albania itself, aswell as parts of modern day North Macedonia, Montenegro, most of Kosovo, aswell as a few towns in Serbia. Most of its land became the Democratic Government of Albania, but the regions outside of Albania were given to Yugoslavia.

Flag of Guanajuato

The State Flag of Guanajuato has a white background with the state arm of coat.


Pan-Armenian Games

The Pan-Armenian Games are a sports event where people from the Armenian diaspora and Armenia compete against each other. It includes different sports competitions for both individuals and teams. The games happen in Yerevan, which is the capital of Armenia.

The games are open to people who have an Armenian passport or are citizens of other countries with Armenian ancestry. Spouses of people with Armenian ancestry can also participate.

Sontirat Sontijirawong

Sontirat Sontijirawong (born March 19, 1960) is a former Thai politician who served as the Minister of Energy in Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha's government. He co-founded the Sang Anakot Thai party in January 2022 with Uttama Savanayana.

Sontirat was born in Mueang Kanchanaburi district and holds degrees in Material Science and Business Administration from Chulalongkorn University. He started as a businessman and later became a political advisor, Deputy Minister of Commerce, and then Minister of Commerce. After joining the Palang Pracharath Party, he served as the Minister of Energy until July 2020.

Kanchana Silpa-archa

Kanchana Silpa-archa (Thai: กัญจนา ศิลปอาชา) is a Thai politician known for her leadership in the Chartthaipattana Party. She also held the position of Deputy Minister of Education from 1999 to 2001.

Kanchana was born on February 15, 1960, in Suphan Buri, Thailand. She is the daughter of former Prime Minister Banharn Silpa-archa and Jamsai Silpa-archa. Additionally, she is the niece of former Deputy Prime Minister Chumpol Silpa-archa.

After the Thai Nation Party was dissolved on December 2, 2008, due to electoral fraud charges, she was banned from participating in Thai politics for five years, along with other party executives. After the ban was lifted, she returned to politics by running as the second party-list representative under the Chartthaipattana Party. On October 26, 2018, the Chartthaipattana Party elected Kanchana as its new leader, succeeding Theera Wongsamut. Her brother, Varawut Silpa-archa, was initially speculated to lead the party.

Centennial Light

The Centennial Light is an incandescent light bulb that has been on near-continuously since 1901. It is located at 4550 East Avenue, Livermore, California. It has also been noted by Guinness World Records.

The Centennial Light was manufactured in Shelby, Ohio, by the "Shelby Electric Company" in the late 1890s. In 1901, Dennis Bernal donated the bulb to the fire department after he sold the "Livermore Power and Water company." The bulb was first located in a hose cart house on L Street, and then moved to the main firehouse on Second Street shortly after. In 1903, the bulb was moved to the new Station 1 firehouse. The bulb stayed there for 73 years. In 1976, the bulb was moved to its current location with a police and fire truck escort. The cord had to be cut to move the bulb, as the firefighters feared unscrewing the bulb would damage it.

The Centennial Light originally produced 30-60 watts of light, but it currently runs on only four watts.

Roman Syria

Roman Syria (Latin: "Provincia Syria"; Greek: "ἐπαρχία Συρίας") was a province of the Roman Republic, and later, the Roman Empire. The Romans gained it in the Third Mithridatic War in 64 BC, and the province got divided by the late 2nd century AD into Coele Syria and Syria Phoenice. The province was mostly in modern day Syria and Lebanon, but also had territory in Turkey.

Polish–Lithuanian–Muscovite Commonwealth

The Polish-Lithuanian-Muscovite Commonwealth, also known as the Triple Union in Polish (unia troista) was a proposed union between the Tsardom of Russia and the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. Most of the propositions were made between 1574 and 1658. The union was rejected by one or both sides at various times because they didn't want a union. 

The first proposal of the union was made in the 16th century, when the last king of the then ruling Polish Jagiellon dynasty died. Many people in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth wanted the Commonwealth to be ruled by Tsar Ivan IV of Russia ("the Terrible"). Ivan offered to decrease the power of the Polish-Lithuanian magnates (high nobility in the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth). Two diplomatic missions were sent from Poland to Moscow, which both failed due to the two sides not being able to agree on a compromise. This was due to the earlier Livonian War (where the Tsardom fought the Commonwealth) and Tsar Ivan's demands of the former territory of Kievan Rus, which Lithuania held. Eventually, negotiations were dropped, and the pro-Ivan faction in the Commonwealth agreed to stop supporting Ivan in becoming the king.

The second proposal was made after the death of Tsar Ivan, as Feodor I was made Czar of Russia. After the Polish king's death, Feodor sent a diplomatic mission to the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. The Lithuanians supported him, but Poland asked for things such as Feodor becoming a Catholist, which the Tsar did not want to do. After the next Polish king was elected, Sigismund III Vasa, he asked to become the Tsar of Russia. However, by the time the proposal made it to Moscow, a new Tsar took control of Russia.

After this, Russia entered the Time of Troubles. Because of this, the Polish-Muscovite War began between the Commonwealth and the Tsardom. While this war secured Russian independence, it also had Russia give up some territories to Poland-Lithuania. Because of the war, Władysław IV Vasa, a Polish prince, (unofficially) became Tsar of Russia for a short period of time.

The last proposal by the Tsardom would be made in the Russo-Polish War of 1654, where the union would be a part of the treaty. The Polish, however, gave demands that the Russians did not accept. These once again included things such as the Tsar becoming Catholist, as well as territorial changes this time.


Magnates of Poland and Lithuania

The magnates of Poland and Lithuania were an important group of people in the politics of the Polish-Litihuanian Commonwealth. They became an aristocracy around the 16th century and gained more and more power over first the Grand Duchy of Lithuania and the Kingdom of Poland, and later, the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth. By the end of the Commonwealth, in the late 18th century, magnates were one of the most important roles in the politics of the Commonwealth. The most powerful of magnates were known as "little kings" because of their rank and influence over the Commonwealth.

Verónica Abad Rojas

Verónica Abad Rojas (born 14 November 1976) is the Ecuadorian politician and businesswoman. She became the Vice President of Ecuador after winning the 2023 general election.

National Democratic Action (Ecuador)

The National Democratic Action (ADN, ) is a political alliance and movement in Ecuador created to support the candidacy of Daniel Noboa in the 2023 presidential election.

Russian republic

The Russian Republic, officially the Russian Democratic Federal Republic, was a short-lived state that existed from 1917 to 1918. It replaced the former Russian Empire, and was the last non-communist unified Russian nation before the beginning of the Russian Civil War. It was created by the Russian Provisional Government in 1917, another short-lived state that replaced the Russian Empire. While the Bolsheviks had removed the government of the Republic, there would be one more attempt to recreate the Russian Republic in 1918, which ended in the Bolsheviks once again removing the government, a day later.

After the February Revolution, Nicholas II resigned from the throne as Tsar of the Russian Empire, and a provisional government was formed. This provisional government was semi-democratic (with power split between the Bolsheviks and the provisional government), however had a very fragile government. In July 1917, the then leader of the Republic, Georgy Lvov resigned after not being able to gain the support of the Russian people. Lavr Kornilov gained control of the Republic, and created another provisional government. Bolshevik forces would remove the government in charge of the Republic in November 1917, but the government continued to "de jure" exist until January 1918.

Poppy.Computer Tour

The Poppy.Computer Tour was the first concert tour by American singer Poppy. It was for her 2017 album "Poppy.Computer". The tour started on October 19, 2017, in New Orleans. It ended in Mexico City on April 27, 2018.

The opening act for the concerts was Charlotte the Mannequin. She is a character that Poppy made and is not real.

Poppy released her "Poppy.Computer" album in October 2017. She announced the tour in July 2017.

These are the songs that Poppy performed in Austin, Texas. She did not always sing the same songs at every show.


List of United States representatives from Alabama

This is an ordered by letter list of Alabama house members of the United States House of Representatives. For a list of ordered by time members for both houses of the United States Congress from the state, look at the page United States congressional delegations from Alabama. This page should be done, but other items may be not done.


List of Representatives from Alabama on English Wikipedia

Binder clip

A binder clip is a simple tool for holding sheets of paper together. This is usually made of spring steel and is usually found in an office workplace. It also has alternative uses including bookmarks and wire clips. To use it, push the back two silver handles together for the black clamp to open, insert the paper in the opening seen in the black clamp. You can then let go of the black handles and release the clamp, holding the papers together.

Drew Weissman

Drew Weissman (born September 7, 1959) is an American physician and immunologist. He is known for his contributions to RNA biology.

Weissman's work helped create the mRNA vaccines, the best known of which are those for COVID-19 produced by BioNTech/Pfizer and Moderna. With biochemist Katalin Karikó, Weissman won the 2023 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine.

Katalin Karikó

Katalin "Kati" Karikó (, ; born 17 January 1955) is a Hungarian-American biochemist. Her work focuses in ribonucleic acid (RNA)-mediated mechanisms, particularly in vitro-transcribed messenger RNA (mRNA) for protein replacement therapy.

Karikó's work helped lead to the creation of the mRNA vaccines. Karikó received the 2023 Nobel Prize in Physiology or Medicine for her work, along with American immunologist Drew Weissman.

Pierre Agostini

Pierre Agostini (; born 23 July 1941) is a French experimental physicist. He is an Emeritus professor at Ohio State University. He is known for his work in strong-field laser physics and attosecond science. He is also known for his invention of the reconstruction of attosecond beating by interference of two-photon transitions (RABBITT) technique. He was jointly awarded the 2023 Nobel Prize in Physics.

Ferenc Krausz

Ferenc Krausz (born 17 May 1962) is a Hungarian–Austrian physicist. He worked in attosecond science. He is a director at the Max Planck Institute of Quantum Optics and a professor of experimental physics at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich in Germany. In 2023, he won the Nobel Prize in Physics.

Anne L'Huillier

Anne Geneviève L'Huillier (; born 16 August 1958) is a French-Swedish physicist. She is the fifth woman to win this prize. She is a professor of atomic physics at Lund University in Sweden. 

She studies the movements of electrons in real time, which is used to understand chemical reactions at the atomic level. 

L'Huillier became a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 2004. She won the Wolf Prize in Physics in 2022 and the Nobel Prize in Physics in 2023.

Moungi Bawendi

Moungi Gabriel Bawendi (; born 15 March 1961) is an American-Tunisian-French chemist. He is a professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology. Bawendi is known for his works in the chemical production of high-quality quantum dots. In 2023, he was honored with the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.

Louis E. Brus

Louis Eugene Brus (born August 10, 1943) is an American chemist. He is a professor at Columbia University. He is the co-discoverer of the colloidal semi-conductor nanocrystals known as quantum dots. In 2023, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry.

Alexey Ekimov

Alexey Ivanovich Ekimov (; born 1945) is a Russian physicist. He is known for his works in nanomaterials research. He discovered the semiconductor nanocrystals known as quantum dots in 1981. In 2023, he was awarded the Nobel Prize in Chemistry for this discovery.

List of U.S. state and territory nicknames

Official nicknames are highlighted in bold. A state nickname should not be confused with an official state motto.


CausaLens

CausaLens is an artificial intelligence software company, specialized in causal AI, founded in June 2016 and came out of stealth mode in January 2021. The company is based in London and pioneers the development and commercialisation of Causal AI. CauseLens develops a causal AI platform that can reason like humans, through cause-effect relationships. The company develops the first operating system for decision making. The company got 45 million dollars in January 2022 for their Causal AI technology. The CEO and co-founder of CausaLens is Dr. Darko Matovski. The company was named a Cool Vendor in AI Core Technologies by Gartner and selected by Tech Nations, a UK government program supporting British technology startups.


List of New Zealand electorates

This is a list of current and former New Zealand electorates.

Stewart Island

Stewart Island (, 'glowing skies', officially Stewart Island / Rakiura) is an island of New Zealand which is part of Southland. It is the country's third largest island and is located south of the South Island, across the Foveaux Strait. The island's only town is Oban, which is on Halfmoon Bay.

The economy of Stewart Island is mostly based on fishing and summer tourism, because in the winter it gets very cold on the island. The island can be accessed by boat or by plane. Ryan's Creek Aerodrome is the only airport on the island and offers direct flights to and from Invercargill Airport with Stewart Island Flights and to and from Queenstown Airport with Glenorchy Air. Ferries connect the island to the town of Bluff on the South Island.

Pseudophilautus oxyrhynchus

Pseudophilautus oxyrhynchus is a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. These frogs all died. The species is extinct.

One adult female frog was 18.6 mm long from nose to rear end. Her eardrum was oval instead of round.

This frog is extinct. Scientists saw it years ago, but they could not find any more when they went to look for it.

Scientists think this frog died because human beings changed the places where it lived.

Asian cat

The Asian or Asian group is a breed of cat. It is similar to the Burmese cat.

The breed was developed in the United Kingdom. It was first bred in 1981 by Baroness Miranda von Kirchberg.

Asian cats are medium-sized cats with lean, muscular bodies. Asian cats have a broad, rounded chest and slender legs. The tail is straight and quite long. The head is round and the eyes are wide and yellow in color.

Asian cats are very dear and loved cats, just like Burmese. Asian cats are highly curious and love to explore the house. Asian cats also have a strong will. These cats often enjoy traveling if they take a walk. Asian cats have a very loud voice. Their behavior is very similar to that of the Burmese cat. Asian cats are sociable and adapt easily to strangers.


Tiffanie (cat)

The Tiffanie is a breed of cat. It is a cross breed between the burmese and the Persian chinchilla. It is also called the Asian semi-longhair.

In the 1980s in Great Britain, there was a breeding program that crossed the burmese with the Persian chinchilla. Thus, long-haired burmilla kittens were born.

Initially Tiffanies were not considered important by cat breeders, because they lacked the desirable characteristics of the burmilla breed. But a small group of cat breeders tried to develop the Tiffanie. Later, their efforts were successful, and the breed became popular.

In 1991, the Tiffanie was recognized by GCCF with preliminary status. In 1999, its status changed to under observation. Then finally, tiffanie changed its status again to "Championship".

Tiffanie is a medium-bodied cat with a smooth, soft coat and long hair around the neck and a thick, fluffy tail. The body shape of this cat breed is similar to the burmese and Persian chinchilla.


Hylodes ornatus

The ornate tree toad ("Hylodes ornatus") is a frog. It lives in Rio de Janeiro and Santa Catarina in Brazil. People have seen it in exactly one place: Parque Nacional do Itatiaia.

Tiffanie

Tiffanie may refer to:


Bambino cat

The Bambino is a breed of cat. It is a cross breed between Sphynx and munchkin.

It was registered as an experimental breed by the International Cat Association (TICA) in 2005.

Bambinos have short legs and large, straight ears inherited from munchkins, and like Sphynxes, they are hairless.

Alessandro Rivolta

Alessandro Rivolta is an Italian retired archer. He was born on 9 June 1962. Rivolta competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Am I a Girl? Tour

The Am I a Girl? Tour was the second concert tour by American singer Poppy. It was for her 2018 album "Am I a Girl?". The tour started on September 23, 2018, in Barcelona. It ended on February 27, 2019, in San Diego.

On Halloween 2018, Poppy released her album "Am I a Girl?". In July 2018, she announced she would do a tour for it.

The North American part of the tour was originally supposed to happen in late 2018. It actually did not happen until early 2019 because of "delays out of [her] control with the new album". To thank her fans for waiting, she released a song called "Immature Couture".

These are the songs that Poppy sang in Seattle, Washington. She did not always sing the same songs at every show.


Esther Robertson

Esther Candotti is an Italian retired archer. She was born on 29 October 1952. Robertson competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

Guendalina Sartori

Guendalina Sartori is an Italian archer. She was born on 8 August 1988. Sartori competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Kiko

Kiko or KIKO may refer to:



One Word (Baby Animals song)

"One Word" is a 1992 song by Australian band Baby Animals. It is the fourth single from their debut studio album "Baby Animals" and went to number 15 in Australia. It was their first top 20 hit. In 2019 Australian rock band The Angels released a version of "One Word".

Australian CD single (25007)

US CD single (IM 28023)

Light Years (Pearl Jam song)

"Light Years" is a 2000 song by alternative rock band Pearl Jam and is the second and final single from their sixth studio album "Binaural". It went to number 17 on the Billboard Mainstream Rock charts, number 52 in the United Kingdom, number 46 in Scotland, number 64 in Australia and number 5 in Portugal.

All songs were written by Eddie Vedder except where noted.

CD (US, Austria, and UK) and 12-inch vinyl (Austria)

CD (Enhanced) (Australia)

CD (Austria and South Africa)

7-inch vinyl (UK)

1959 Coatzacoalcos earthquake

The 1959 Coatzacoalcos earthquake, also known as Jáltipan earthquake, hit at 02:25 local time on 26 August 1959, in Veracruz, Mexico. A magnitude of 6.4 was given at a depth of , and had a maximum Modified Mercalli intensity was VIII ("Severe").

The epicenter of this earthquake was right off the coast of Coatzacoalcos in the Gulf of Mexico. It caused damage to several cities, including Acayucan, Coatzacoalcos, Jáltipan, and Minatitlán. 25 peoples died of the earthquake, and around 200 people were injured. This area doesn't usually have big earthquakes. Most of Mexico's earthquakes happen along the Middle America Trench on the southwest coast. But sometimes, on the eastern side near the Gulf of Mexico, there are earthquakes, although they're not as common as in places closer to Veracruz. These earthquakes in the Gulf area happen because of pressure from the Earth's plates pushing against each other due to a process called subduction.

Aaron Solo

Aaron Solow is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Aaron Solo.

On the July 15, 2020 episode of "Dark", Solo would make his in-ring debut for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He would face Scorpio Sky but lost. 

On February 8, 2021, Solo would then join as a member of Cody Rhodes' group, the Nightmare Family. On the March 2 episode of "Dark", Solo would get his first victory in AEW. He teamed with his fellow Nightmare Family member Lee Johnson and they would defeat Chris Peaks & Louie Valle.

On the March 31 episode of "Dynamite", QT Marshall would attack Cody after their unsanctioned match. Solo, Nick Comoroto, and Anthony Ogogo would all turn heel and help with the beatdown after the match. They would then leave with Marshall.

Solo would team with The Factory (Nick Comoroto & QT Marshall) and they would defeat the Nightmare Family (Billy Gunn, Dustin Rhodes & Lee Johnson) on the March 28 episode of "Dynamite".

At Double or Nothing, Solo would compete in the Casino Battle Royal but it was eventually won by Jungle Boy.

On the August 25, 2023 episode of "Rampage", Solo faced Orange Cassidy for the AEW International Championship but lost.

Action Andretti

Action Andretti is an American professional wrestler. He is currently signed to All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He also wrestles in their sister company Ring of Honor (ROH).

Andretti has also appeared in Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW) and Game Changer Wrestling (GCW), 

On the January 10, 2022 episode of "", Andretti would make his in-ring debut for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He would face Dante Martin but lost. 

The next few months, he would face competition like Private Party, Josh Woods, Tony Nese, and QT Marshall all on "Elevation" and "Dark" but would lose all his matches.

At Winter Is Coming, Chris Jericho would challenge Andretti to a match. During the match, Andretti would kick out of Jericho's finisher and the crowd would change "Let's go jobber!". Andretti would end up pulling off the upset victory over Jericho after hitting him with a shooting star press and pinning him. It was announced after the match that Andretti had signed a contract with All Elite Wrestling (AEW). Andretti would have a 4-match winning streak on "Dark" and "Rampage" afterwards. On the January 25, 2023 episode of "Dynamite", Andretti teamed with Ricky Starks. They lost to the Jericho Appreciation Society (Chris Jericho & Sammy Guevara).

Health in Canada

Life expectancy at birth in Canada was 79.3 years for men and 84 years for women in 2022. For people aged 65 it was 19.5 years for men and 22.3 years for women. This is a little better than average of OECD countries. 

25% of Canadians have a body-mass index of 30 or higher—a measure of obesity. This is less than the 40% in the U.S.A, but twice the rate in Norway, Sweden, and Switzerland. Canada ranked 4th in the eleven countries for the number of suicides per 100,000 compared, with a rate of 11.8 per 100,000 compared to the U.S. rate of 13.9 which was the highest of the eleven wealthy countries. From 2000 to 2015, the number of preventable deaths caused by treatable health conditions—diabetes, high blood pressure or some cancers—dropped from 109 to 72 deaths per 100,000. 

Canada is suffering from the opioid crisis as fentanyl has replaced heroin. 13,000 people have died in British Columbia since 2016 when the local health authorities declared a state of emergency. This is the main cause of death in the province for people aged between 10 and 59. 

Stressed Out (A Tribe Called Quest song)

"Stressed Out" is a 1996 song by A Tribe Called Quest featuring Faith Evans. It is the second single from their fourth studio album "Beats, Rhymes and Life" and went to number 33 in the United Kingdom, number 81 in Scotland and number 15 on the Billboard Hot Rap Songs chart.

A-side

B-side

Purdue Pharma

Purdue Pharma started as the Purdue Frederick Company in 1892. It was an American privately held pharmaceutical company in New York. Arthur, Mortimer, and Raymond Sackler bought it in 1952. They concentrated on pain management and advertised their drugs to doctors. Purdue Pharma L.P was created in 1991.

In 1996, Purdue Pharma started selling OxyContin, a new version of oxycodone, an opioid. It was approved by the FDA in 1995 after no long-term studies and no assessment of how addictive it was. Their advertising to doctors was very effective. The drug was very successful and made US$35 billion for Purdue. It is very easy to be addicted to it. From 1999 to 2020 opioids killed about 500,000 people in the USA. 

In 2007 the company was fined $634.5 million for misleading people about how addictive OxyContin was compared to other pain medicine. They carried on selling opioids until 2019. The company and the Sackler family were sued by hundreds of people and many American states. The company filed for bankruptcy. 

Kingdom of Bosnia

The Kingdom of Bosnia was a monarchy in the Balkans that existed from 1377 to 1463. It was established by Tvrtko I, and collapsed in the Hungarian invasions of Matthias I. It became a nation from the Banate of Bosnia, which was a "de facto" independent nation under Hungarian rule. The Banate became more and more independent from Hungary, and eventually became an independent Kingdom under Tvrtko I. After his death, the Kingdom had many internal problems, leading to a fight over who the king of Bosnia should be. This eventually led to Matthias I of Hungary invading the Kingdom to expand his influence over the Balkans.

Shirab Sengge

Shirab Sengge was a 14th century Mongol monk, teacher, and translator of several Buddhist scriptures into the Mongolian language. He was the disciple of Chosgi Odsir, a Buddhist monk who also translated Buddhist texts into Mongolian.

United States congressional delegations from Alabama

Since Alabama became a U.S. state in 1819, it has sent congressional delegations to the United States Senate and United States House of Representatives. Each state votes for senators for 6 years. Each state also votes for a house representative for 2 years. Before become a state, the territory of Alabama elected a non-voting representative for Congress.

These are lists of the delegations from Alabama to the United States Congress.

Alabama's current congressional delegation in the has two senators, who are both Republican. Alabama also has 7 representatives, 6 of them are Republican while the other one is a Democrat.

The current dean of the Alabama delegation is Representative Robert Aderholt. He has served in the U.S. Congress since 1997.

Starting on January 29, 1818, Alabama Territory sent a non-voting delegate to the House.

After being allowed into the Union on December 14, 1819, Alabama had one seat in the House.

After the 1820 census, Alabama had three seats.

After the 1830 census, Alabama had five seats. During the 27th Congress, those seats were voted on across the state at-large on a general ticket.

After the 1840 census, Alabama re-continued using districts. They now had 7 districts.

After the 1860 census, Alabama was given six seats.

After the 1870 census, Alabama was allowed eight seats. From 1873 to 1877, the two new seats were elected at large, statewide. However after 1877, the delegation was redistricted.

After the 1890 census, Alabama was allowed nine seats.

After the 1910 census, Alabama was allowed ten seats. At first, the extra seat was elected at-large. Starting with the 1916 elections, the seats were redistricted and a was added.

After the 1930 census, Alabama was allowed nine seats.

After the 1960 census, Alabama was allowed eight seats. During the 88th Congress, those seats were all voted on statewide at-large on a general ticket.

Since the 1970 census, Alabama has been allowed seven seats.


Maurice, Prince of Orange

Maurice of Orange (14 November 1567 – 23 April 1625) was "stadtholder" of all the provinces of the Dutch Republic except for Friesland from 1585 at the earliest until his death in 1625. Before he became Prince of Orange upon the death of his eldest half-brother Philip William in 1618, he was known as Maurice of Nassau.

Anil Ambani

Anil Dhirubhai Ambani (born June 4, 1959) is an Indian businessman. He serves as the chairman and managing director of the Reliance Group, also known as the Reliance ADA Group. This group was established in July 2006 after separating from Reliance Industries Limited. Ambani is responsible for various publicly traded companies, including Reliance Capital, Reliance Infrastructure, Reliance Power, and Reliance Communications. He is the son of Indian industrialist Dhirubhai Ambani.

At one point, Anil Ambani was among the world's wealthiest individuals, but in February 2020, he made a statement in a UK court claiming that he had no assets left and was bankrupt. However, the accuracy of this assertion has been questioned.

He also served as a Member of Parliament, Rajya Sabha, which is the upper house of India's Parliament. He represented Uttar Pradesh as an Independent Member of Parliament between 2004 and 2006.
Anil Ambani was born into a Gujarati family from Chorwad, Junagadh district, Gujarat. He is the son of textile entrepreneur Dhirubhai Ambani and Kokilaben Ambani. He has an older brother, Mukesh Ambani, and two sisters, Nina Kothari and Deepti Salgaoncar. Anil Ambani is married to actress Tina Munim and they have two sons, Jai Anmol Ambani and Jai Anshul Ambani.

In December 1998, Anil Ambani received the 'Businessman of the Year 1997' award from India's top business magazine, Business India. In December 2006, The Times of India conducted a poll, and people voted him as 'the Businessman of the Year'. In August 2006, India Today magazine did a poll and people chose him as the 'Best role model' among business leaders.

In the year 2004, he received the 'CEO of the Year' award in the Platts Global Energy Awards. In October 2002, the Bombay Management Association gave him the Entrepreneur of the Decade Award. In December 2001, he got the First Wharton Indian Alumni Award from the Wharton India Economic Forum (WIEF) for his work in making Reliance a global leader in many business areas.

In June 1999, Asiaweek magazine included him in its list of Leaders of the Millennium in Business and Finance. He was the only 'new hero' from India in the field of Business and Finance.

In India, internet.org is limited to subscribers of Reliance Communications (Jio), a telecommunications company owned by its conglomerate.

In 2014, he publicly wished a happy birthday to Prime Minister Narendra Modi, with whom he is very close.

In 2015, the French tax authority canceled a €143.7 million tax audit against Reliance Flag Atlantic France, a company owned by Ambani.

In October 2018, the French NGO Sherpa filed a complaint with the National Financial Prosecutor's Office to open an investigation into corruption and influence peddling in the sale of 36 Rafale fighter jets from France to India. The sale was negotiated between the French company Dassault Aviation and the Indian company Reliance Defence Limited, controlled by Ambani and formed 10 days before the final contract was signed in April 2015. In April 2019, the Supreme Court of India initiated a corruption inquiry into the same contract.

In October 2021, his name was mentioned in the Pandora Papers.

Eyalet

Eyalets, also known as beylerbeyliks, were special regions of the Ottoman Empire that were somewhat self governing, but were still officially parts of the Ottomans. More and more eyalets were made as the Ottomans expanded. Eyalets were divided into smaller districts called livas or sanjaks.

Karl Durspekt

Karl Franz Durspekt (23 November 1913 in Vienna, Austria – 14 February 1978 in Vienna, Austria) was an Austrian football player. He played mainly for SK Admira Wien and Floridsdorfer AC as striker. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
As the son of a train driver, Karl Durspekt first worked as a typesetter and then became a professional football player. He started his professional career with SK Admira Wien. From the 1935–36 season he was under contract with FC Rouen, where he was part of the legendary “bomb storm” in France around Jean Nicolas, Roger Rio and Marceau Lhermine, who scored 119 goals in 34 second division games, 12 of which, scored in 20 appearances, were due to Durspekt. They were promoted to Division 1. The “Red Devils” also held their own at the higher level and finished fourth in the table in each of the following two years. Durspekt left the club in 1938. 

After his return to Vienna he played again for Admira in the 1938–39 season. He won the Austrian championship, which had been downgraded to a district championship. In the final round of the German championship Admira reached the final. In the final the Viennese lost 9-0 to FC Schalke 04.

He played for Floridsdorfer AC until 1942. 1942 till 1945 he played for the air force team LSV Markersdorf an der Pielach. During these years, LSV Markersdorf managed to become champions of the 1st class Lower Danube and to be promoted to the Gaulliga Donau-Alpenland. This was the highest league in the then Ostmark. After the war Durspekt played for Floridsdorfer AC for three more seasons from 1945 to 1948.
He played two matches for the Austrian national football team in 1935. His first match was a draw versus Czechoslowakia on 14 April, his last match was a 6-3 loss versus Hungary on 12 May.

After Durspekt had taken on coaching duties at the FAC, he began his full-time work as a coach at Hellenic Alexandria at the end of 1948. He then brought SC Nord-Wien into the Vienna League in 1952. Then he worked for Lower Austrian SV Wimpassing in 1950. In Sweden he became the first full-time coach at Lunds BK 1950. He stayed there until 1952. In Switzerland he finished tenth in the second division with FC Locarno in 1953–54. In 1956–57 he was with the Swedish second division club Åtvidabergs FF. From 1960 to 1961, he managed the newly promoted Oberliga South team SSV Jahn Regensburg.

From 1961 to 1963, Durspekt looked after the Greek first division club PAOK in Thessaloniki, with whom he finished sixth and then fourth the following season. In 1964–65 he trained in the Austrian state league for the first time. In between the two contracts with GAK he coached SV Rapid Lienz in the Carinthian regional league in 1966–67. In the first half of 1970 he coached IK Start in Kristiansand, Norway. In 1975 he managed Bodens BK.

Grey alien

Gray aliens, or just Grays, are a type of alien in Popular culture. They have big, black, almond-shaped eyes and gray skin that gives them their name. They appear in stories told by people who say they actually met aliens, as well as Science fiction. The emoji 👽 (or U+1F47D in Unicode) is usually rendered as a gray alien.

Cotacachi

Cotacachi is a town that is the seat of Cotacachi Canton, Imbabura Province, Ecuador, in South America. Cotacachi is located at an altitude of and had a population of 8,848 in 2010.

Pseudophilautus pleurotaenia

The side-striped shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus pleurotaenia") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it about 684 meters above sea level.

Microsoft Expression Web

Microsoft Expression Web is a HTML editor and a web design software product. It was first released by Microsoft in 2006. Microsoft no longer supports it. The product was discontinued on December 20, 2012. It is now free to use. The product was a part of Expression Studio.

Expression Web can create webpages using HTML5, CSS 3, ASP.NET, PHP, JavaScript, XML+XSLT and XHTML. Expression Web 4 needs .NET Framework 4.0 and Silverlight 4.0 to run.

Santiago Calatrava

Santiago Calatrava Valls (born 28 July 1951) is a Spanish architect, structural engineer, sculptor and painter. He is known for his bridges, railway stations, stadiums, and museums. 

His best-known works include the Olympic Sports Complex of Athens, the Milwaukee Art Museum, the Turning Torso tower in Malmö, Sweden, the World Trade Center Transportation Hub in New York City, the Auditorio de Tenerife in Santa Cruz de Tenerife, the Margaret Hunt Hill Bridge in Dallas, Texas, and his largest project, the City of Arts and Sciences and Opera House in Valencia.


Horror fiction

Horror fiction or just horror is fiction that is meant to frighten the reader. There are many different kinds of horror. Some of it deals with the Supernatural, like ghosts and monsters, while other kinds are about scary things in the real world like serial killers.

Hylodes otavioi

The Otavio tree toad or Otavio's stream frog ("Hylodes otavioi") is a frog. It lives in Minas Gerais in Brazil. People have seen it in exactly one place: Serra do Cipó.

Sante Spigarelli

Sante Spigarelli is an Italian archer. He was born on 31 October 1943. Spigarelli competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics, the 1976 Summer Olympics and the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Maria Testa

Maria Testa was an Italian archer. She was born on 5 February 1956 and died on 13 September 2009. Testa competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Jessica Tomasi

Jessica Tomasi is an Italian archer. She was born on 3 July 1986. Tomasi competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Jessica Tomasi started archery in 1996. She entered her first international competitions in 2000. Her first global podium came in 2011 when she won the gold in the women's classic archery team event.

Human Touch

Human Touch is the ninth studio album by Bruce Springsteen. It was released on 31 March, 1992 along with its follow-up "Lucky Town" through Columbia Records. It topped the album charts in the United Kingdom, Switzerland, Sweden, Spain, Italy, Norway and Austria and made number 2 in both the United States and Canada.

All music and lyrics by Bruce Springsteen, except where noted
Springsteen's first album without the E Street Band featured numerous outtakes, many of which have been released. A cover of "Viva Las Vegas" was released as a B-side and on "The Essential Bruce Springsteen", "Chicken Lips and Lizard Hips" was released on a children's album, and "30 Days Out" was also a B-side. "Part Man, Part Monkey", a track originally recorded during the "Tunnel of Love" session and performed on that tour, was re-recorded and released as a B-side and on "Tracks" along with other outtakes such as "Trouble In Paradise", "Sad Eyes", "Leavin' Train", "Seven Angels", "My Lover Man", "When the Lights Go Out", "Over the Rise", "Goin' Cali" and "Loose Change". "Trouble River" was released on "18 Tracks". Springsteen also recorded "Red-Headed Woman", a tribute to his wife Patti Scialfa and a song performed often, eventually released as a live version on the "MTV Unplugged" album, "Secret Garden", which would later get re-worked with the reunited E Street Band in 1995 for "Greatest Hits", and "All the Way Home", a song Springsteen gave to Southside Johnny and one that Springsteen would not release until 2005's "Devils & Dust".


Ramón Freire

Ramón Freire Serrano (November 29, 1787 – December 9, 1851) was a Chilean political figure. He was head of state on several occasions, and enjoyed a numerous following until the War of the Confederation. Ramón Freire was one of the principal leaders of the liberal "Pipiolo" movement. He has been praised by historian Gabriel Salazaras the most democratic leader of the early republican period in Chile.

Mateo de Toro Zambrano

Mateo de Toro Zambrano y Ureta, I Count of La Conquista (September 20, 1727 - February 26, 1811), was a Spanish military and political figure of Criollo descent. He held the position of a knight in the Order of Santiago and was the lord of the Toro-Zambrano estate. He was also the President of Chile.

Juan Martínez de Rozas

Juan Martínez de Rozas Correa (December 28, 1758 – May 16, 1813) was a Chilean lawyer and politician, he was also the first leader in the Chilean fight for independence.

Braulio Carrillo Colina

Braulio Evaristo Carrillo Colina (March 20, 1800, Cartago, Costa Rica – May 15, 1845) was the Head of State of Costa Rica. That is the title for the President of Costa Rica before the reform of 1848. He was the Head of State two times. The first was between 1835 and 1837. The other between 1838 and 1842.

Manuel Aguilar Chacón

Manuel Aguilar Chacón (12 August 1797, San José, Costa Rica – 7 July 1846) was head of state of Costa Rica from April 1837 to March 1838.

José Bernardo de Tagle

José Bernardo de Tagle y Portocarrero, 4th Marquis of Torre Tagle (21 March 1779 – 26 September 1825), was a Peruvian soldier and politician who served as the Interim President of Peru in 1823 as well as the second President of Peru from 1823 to 1824.

José de la Riva Agüero

José Mariano de la Cruz de la Riva Agüero y Sánchez Boquete, Marquess of Montealegre de Aulestia (3 May 1783 – 21 May 1858) was a soldier, politician, and historian who served as the 1st President of Peru and 2nd President of North Peru. He was the first Head of State who had the title of President of the Republic.

Agustín Gamarra

Agustín Gamarra Messia (27 August 1785 – 18 November 1841) was a Peruvian soldier and politician, who served as the 4th and 6th President of Peru.

Luis José de Orbegoso

Luis José de Orbegoso y Moncada-Galindo, de Burutarán y Morales (August 25, 1795 – February 5, 1847), was an aristocratic Peruvian soldier and politician, who served as the 5th President of Peru as well as the first President of North Peru. This was a time of profound social instability and continuing civil war.

Wulin (disambiguation)

Wulin is the ancient name and chiefly literary or poetic synonym of Hangzhou, China.

Wulin may also refer to:


Morality and religion

Religion and morality are not the same thing. There is often a link between morality and religion but this is not always true. The religion of a person will often affect the moral values of that person. Most religions have ideas as to what is right or wrong, or how a person should behave in a given situation. Most civilizations also have a moral code that that group of people find acceptable. These two codes are not always the same. Religion are often built around on morality. They will often develop alongside morality, but morality does not always depend upon religion. People who do not follow a religion also have moral values. In some cases, political leaders say what people should see as right or wrong. Philosophical frameworks such as consequentialism, freethought, utilitarianism and humanism also have a moral component. None of these are influenced by religion. 

High Hopes (Tim Scott McConnell song)

"High Hopes" is a song written by songwriter Tim Scott McConnell and recorded by Bruce Springsteen and E Street Band. It was taken from his EP "Blood Brothers (EP)". It was originally recorded by Tim Scott McConnell in 1985.

In November 2013, Springsteen released a new recording of the single and used it as the title track to his 18th studio album "High Hopes". It went to number 15 on the Billboard Adult Alternative Songs chart.

Amna Abdullatif

Amna Abdullatif is a member of Manchester City Council representing the Ardwick ward since 2019. She works as a community psychologist in voluntary organisations. She was elected as a Labour councillor. She is the the first Arab Muslim woman councillor in the city. She resigned from the party in October 2023 as a protest against what she said were "horrifying comments" by Keir Starmer about the 2023 Israel–Hamas war. She said he showed a "lack of humanity" to Palestinians.

In 2021 she organised a petition to ban racists from football games. It got three quarters of a million signatures in 24 hours. After UEFA Euro 2020 racist social media posts were made at footballers Marcus Rashford, Jadon Sancho and Bukayo Saka.

She set up The Three Hijabis as an anti-racist platform with two other British Muslim women football fans who wear the hijab, Shaista Aziz and Huda Jawad.

In 2016 she was given an award by the Remembering Srebrenica organisation.

No Secrets (song)

"No Secrets" is a 1980 song by Australian rock band The Angels. It is the leading single from their fourth studio album "Dark Room" and went to number 8 in Australia.

Epic Records ES 417

2005–06 A1 Grand Prix season

The 2005-2006 A1 GP season is the first season of the A1 GP championship. It began on 25 September 2005 and ended on 2 April 2006.

The 2005-2006 A1 Grand Prix season has 11 race. Each race ran unrolled a three-day weekend. This included a practice session on Friday another one on Saturday follow up a qualifying session. On Sunday, there are two races.

26 teams, each representing a different country, signed up for the first A1 Grand Prix season. Here is the list of participants for the 2005-2006 A1GP season:



Disfranchisement

Disenfranchisement, disfranchisement or voter disqualification is removing the right to vote from people, This means that people, who would normally have the right to vote, or to be elected in the place where they live, cannot do that. 

There are different reasons, why this is done. Common ones are:


Pseudophilautus stictomerus

The orange-canthal shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus stictomerus") is a frog. It lives in southwestern Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 60 and 515 meters above sea level.

Roelof van der Merwe

Roelof Erasmus van der Merwe is a Dutch-South African International cricketer who has played for both South Africa and the Netherlands internationally. He was born on 31 December 1984 in Johannesburg, Transvaal.

He played 13 ODI and Twenty20 International cricket for South Africa between 2009 and 2011. In June 2015, van der Merwe got the Netherlands passport and he immediately made himself available for Netherlands cricket team and was selected in the Netherlands squad for the 2015 ICC World Twenty20 Qualifier in July.
In the 2023 Cricket World Cup, he played an important role in Netherlands win over South Africa by scoring 29 runs off 19 balls and taking two wickets for 34 runs in his nine overs.


Université de Montréal

The Université de Montréal (UdeM; French pronunciation: [ynivɛʁsite də mɔ̃ʁeal]; translates to University of Montreal) is a French-language public research university in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. The university's main campus is located in the Côte-des-Neiges neighborhood of Côte-des-Neiges–Notre-Dame-de-Grâce on Mount Royal near the Outremont Summit (also called Mount Murray), in the borough of Outremont. There are thirteen faculties, more than sixty departments and two affiliated schools: the Polytechnique Montréal (School of Engineering; formerly the École polytechnique de Montréal) and HEC Montréal (School of Business). It offers more than 650 undergraduate programmes and graduate programmes, including 71 doctoral programmes.

The university was founded as part of the Université Laval in 1878. It became an independent institution after it was issued a papal charter in 1919 and a provincial charter in 1920. Université de Montréal moved from Montreal's Quartier Latin to its present location at Mount Royal in 1942. It was made a secular institution with the passing of another provincial charter in 1967.

It is co-educational, and has 34,335 undergraduate and 11,925 post-graduate students (excluding affiliated schools). 

University of Alberta

The University of Alberta is a public research university in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. It was started in 1908 by Alexander Cameron Rutherford, the first premier of Alberta, and Henry Marshall Tory, the university's first president.

There are four campuses in Edmonton, an Augustana Campus in Camrose, and a staff centre in downtown Calgary. There are 39,000 students. It has 18 faculties.

Fernando Márquez de la Plata

Fernando Márquez de la Plata y Orozco (30 August 1740 – 17 December 1818) was a Spanish colonial functionary, and a member of the First Government Junta of Chile.he is president of Chile.

Juan Antonio Ovalle

Juan Antonio Ovalle y Morales (c. 1750 – July 12, 1819) was a Chilean politician, lawyer and landowner. He served as the first president of the First National Congress of Chile where he was elected as deputy for Santiago.

Vardavar

Vardavar is a festival in Armenia where people throw water at each other. It is celebrated 98 days (14 weeks) after Easter.

The celebrations related to the religious observance of were initially called "Vartavar" because Armenians used to offer her roses as a symbol of celebration. The word "vart" means "rose" in Armenian, and "var" means "rise". The event was traditionally celebrated during the harvest season.

List of U.S. state and territory abbreviations

Several sets of codes and abbreviations are used to represent the political divisions of the United States for addresses, data processing, general abbreviations, and other purposes.

This table has abbreviations for three independent countries related to the United States through Compacts of Free Association, and other comparable postal abbreviations, including those not used anymore.

As early as October 1831, the United States Post Office recognized common abbreviations for states and territories. However, they accepted these abbreviations only because of their popularity, recommending that people spell names out fully to avoid confusion.

The traditional abbreviations for U.S. states and territories, widely used in mailing addresses before the start of two-letter U.S. postal abbreviations, are still regularly used for other purposes (such as legal citation), and are still recognized (though discouraged) by the Postal Service.

Modern two-letter abbreviated codes for the states and territories began in October 1963, with the issuance of "Publication 59: Abbreviations for Use with ZIP Code", three months after the Post Office introduced ZIP codes in July 1963. The purpose was to make room in a line of no more than 23 characters for the city, state, and the ZIP code.

After 1963, only one state abbreviation has changed. Originally Nebraska was "NB"; but, in November 1969, the Post Office changed it to "NE" to avoid confusion with New Brunswick in Canada.
Prior to 1987, when the U.S. Secretary of Commerce allowed the two-letter codes for use in government items, the United States Government Printing Office (GPO) suggested its own set of abbreviations, with some states left unabbreviated. Today, the GPO supports United States Postal Service standard.

Legal citation manuals, such as "The Bluebook" and "The ALWD Citation Manual", usually use the "traditional abbreviations" or other abbreviations.

The American National Standards Institute (ANSI) established ordered by letter and ordered by number codes for each state and outlying areas in ANSI standard INCITS 38:2009. ANSI standard INCITS 38:2009 replaced the Federal Information Processing Standard (FIPS) standards FIPS 5-2, FIPS 6-4, and FIPS 10-4. The ANSI ordered by letter state code is the same as the USPS state code except for U.S. Minor Outlying Islands, which have an ANSI code "UM" but no USPS code—and U.S. Military Mail locations, which have USPS codes ("AA", "AE", "AP") but no ANSI code.

The United States Postal Service (USPS) has made a set of uppercase abbreviations to help process mail with optical character recognition and other automated equipment. There are also official USPS abbreviations for other parts of the address, such as street designators (street, avenue, road, etc.).

These two-letter codes are different from traditional abbreviations such as Calif., Fla., or Tex. The Associated Press Stylebook says that in situations other than mailing addresses, the traditional state abbreviations should be used. However, the Chicago Manual of Style now recommends the use of the uppercase two-letter abbreviations, with the traditional forms as an option.

The postal abbreviation is the same as the for each of the fifty states.

These codes do not overlap with the 13 Canadian subnational postal abbreviations. The code for Nebraska changed from NB to NE in November 1969 to avoid a conflict with New Brunswick. Canada likewise chose MB for Manitoba to prevent conflict with either Massachusetts (MA), Michigan (MI), Minnesota (MN), Missouri (MO), or Montana (MT).

The U.S. Coast Guard (USCG) uses a set of two-letter prefixes for vessel numbers; 39 states and the District of Columbia have the same USPS and USCG abbreviations. USCG prefixes have also been made for five outlying territories; all are the same as the USPS abbreviations except the Mariana Islands. The twelve cases where USPS and USCG abbreviations are different are listed below and marked in bold red in the table above; they include three inland states with a small Coast Guard group. These twelve abbreviations were changed to avoid conflicting with the ISO 3166 two-digit country codes.



Blockade of the Gaza Strip (2023)

The Blockade of the Gaza Strip (2023) was the blockade of Gaza, which involved the operations carried out during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war by Israel in order to restrict supplies such as food, water, and medicine. Fuel and electricity were also restricted by Israel. The Israeli Energy Minister, Israel Katz stated that the lifting and end of the blockade would not occur until hostages, who were captured by Hamas, are released and are safely returned to their country.

The blockade of Gaza was undertaken by Israel, in response to the Hamas offensive against Israel. The blockade began in the Gaza Strip on 9 October 2023. Even though the blockade was lifted after couple of weeks, it resulted in a serious humanitarian crisis.


Gaza–Israel conflict

The Gaza-Israel conflict is a long running dispute between the Gaza Strip "(a Palestinian territory)" and Israel. It revolves around political, territorial and security matters, and it has resulted in violence, wars, genocide and ongoing tensions. Key issues include border disputes, control of resources and the political self-determination of Palestinians in Gaza. 

An important background to note in this conflict is the Gaza blockade which is imposed by Israel and Egypt after Hamas took control of Gaza in 2007 following the Fatah–Hamas conflict. The blockade restricts the movement of people and goods in and out of Gaza, impacting the daily lives of its residents. International efforts tries to find a peaceful resolution, but this remains a complex and unresolved issue. 

Human Rights Watch have described the Gaza Strip, which has been under an Israeli blockade since 2007, as an "open-air prison". 

Juan Enrique Rosales

Juan Enrique Rosales Fuentes was a prominent Chilean politician, a member of an important Patricia family of his time, son of Jerónimo de Rosales and Margarita de Fuentes y Solar. He is the President of Chile.

Ben Nicholson

Benjamim "Ben" Nicholson, (10 April 1894 – 6 February 1982) was an English painter. He became famous for his abstract paintings, sometimes in low relief, landscapes, and still lives. A leading name in British art of the 20th century, his second wife was the sculptor Barbara Hepworth.

Elena Tonetta

Elena Tonetta is an Italian archer. She was born on 8 June 1988. Tonetta competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

Gernot Messner

Gernot Messner (10 October 1980 in Villach) is a former Austrian football player in the position of a midfielder. He is the manager of Grazer AK.
Messner began his career at SV Spittal/Drau. At the age of 20, he moved to SK Rapid Wien. There he didn't get beyond the reserve role . After half a season he moved to SV Austria Salzburg. There he became a regular player, but was often set back by injuries. He made his league debut on 21September 2002 in the game against FC Admira Wacker Mödling.

Due to the takeover from Red Bull to FC Red Bull Salzburg, he was no longer planned and so he moved to FC Kärnten, where he played for two years. Since 2007 he played for Wolfsberger AC . 2009 they were promoted to the Bundesliga. He spent another season in the Bundesliga . Then he played for the club's amateurs from the 2013/14 season on. In January 2017 he moved to SK St. Andrä. There he ended his playing career after the 2016/17 season.
From the 2013/14 season, Messner acted as a playing assistant coach for the Wolfsberger amateurs. For the 2015/16 season he took over as head coach at fifth-class SK St. Andrä. After two seasons in St. Andrä, he returned to the WAC for the 2017/18 season. There he became head coach of the U-18s in the academy. In August 2018 he was promoted to head of the academy. In the second half of the 2018/19 season he also coached the U-18s again.

In December 2021 Messner left Wolfsberg and became coach of the second division team Grazer AK.

Yoshiko Akiyama

Yoshiko Akiyama is a Japanese archer. She was born on 10 December 1949. Akiyama competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Mayumi Asano

Mayumi Asano is a Japanese archer. She was born on 27 June 1976. Asano competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.


Bombay cat

The Bombay cat is a breed of cat. It is one of the most common cats in Europe.

Bombay cat was developed by Nikki Horner in 1958 in Louisville, Kentucky, USA. This breed was developed to resemble a black panther. The breed was created by crossing Burmese with American Shorthair.

Bombay cat has gold or copper eyes and black fur. It looks a lot like Burmese. It has a medium build and is muscular. It weighs between 2.5 and 5.4 kilograms, with males usually being heavier than females.

Brazilian Shorthair

The Brazilian Shorthair is a breed of cat. This cat breed was first developed in 1980.

Brazilian Shorthair is a medium-sized cat that weighs about 22 pounds (9.9 kg). It is 10 pounds (4.5 kg) heavier than the average weight of other cat breeds. The cat is elegant in appearance and has a slender body.

The fur is glossy, silky and soft. It is short, so it does not require frequent combing. The coat consists of all patterns in black, tabby, white tabby.

Brazilian Shorthairs are active, affectionate and playful. They are also a very lively cat.


Cullen Gilchrist

Cullen Gilchrist is the Chief Executive Officer and co-founder of Union Kitchen.

Cullen went to Dartmouth high school. He later joined Dartmouth College and graduated with a degree in Economics and Sociology. He started his career as an intern in finance. He later switched to food business. Cullen moved to Washington D.C. and worked at Think Food Group as a manager. In 2012, he co-founded Blind Dog Cafe.
Cullen co-founded Union Kitchen in 2012 to incubate new food businesses in Washington D.C. The company established an incubation process called accelerator program. The program had four phases namely Launch, Product Market Fit, Growth, and Scale.The company introduced a $20M Series A investment fund called the Union Kitchen Fund.


Zooropa (song)

"Zooropa" is a 1993 song by Irish rock band U2. It is the title track and the opening track to their eighth studio album "Zooropa". Promotional recordings of the song were released in both the United States and Mexico and the art cover features the European Union flag.

Only Women Bleed

"Only Women Bleed" is a 1975 song by Alice Cooper and is the second single from his studio album "Welcome to My Nightmare". It went to number 12 in the United States, number 21 in New Zealand, number 1 in Canada and number 50 in Australia. It was covered by Julie Covington in 1977 and went to number 12 in the United Kingdom.

Bullet Club

The current leader of Bullet Club is David Finlay. Over their years of existence, Bullet Club has had many different members join the group and leave. Former leaders of Bullet Club were Prince Devitt, A.J. Styles, Kenny Omega, and Jay White. They all portray a group of heel gaijin (evil foreigners). A branch called Bullet Club Gold with Jay White, Austin Gunn, Colten Gunn, Juice Robinson wrestle in All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

Finn Balor was wrestling in a tag team with Ryusuke Taguchi called Apollo 55. After losing a match to Hiroshi Tanahashi, Devitt would start to change his personality and become more disrespectful.

He would try to get Taguchi on his side but Taguchi refused. At Invasion Attack, Devitt and Taguchi would face the Time Splitters (Alex Shelley and Kushida) for the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championships but lost. Devitt would attack Taguchi after the match and end Apollo 55. King Fale ran down to the ring and joined in on the beatdown. Devitt would call himself the Real Rock 'n' Rolla and renamed Fale as "The Underboss" Bad Luck Fale.
At Wrestling Dontaku 2013, Tanahashi would defeat Karl Anderson. After the match, Devitt and Fale ran out and attacked Tanahashi. Anderson and his partner Tama Tonga would join in on the beatdown and join the other two. They would announce after the match that their new group would be called "Bullet Club".

Devitt would enter the 2013 Best of the Super Juniors. He would sweep his block and make it all the way to finals, defeating Kenny Omega and finally Alex Shelley in the finals to win.

At Kizuna Road 2013, Tonga and Terrible would lose their CMLL World Tag Team Championships to Tanahashi and Jyushin Thunder Liger. On the same show, Devitt would successfully defend his IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship against Gedo and earned a shot at Kazuchika Okada's IWGP Heavyweight Championship.

At the 2013 G1 Climax, Devitt and Anderson would both join the tournament. Devitt would lose in his block and Anderson would be eliminated by Tetsuya Naito. Members of Bullet Club would interfere in many of the matches during the tournament.

During the 2013 Super Junior Tag League, The Young Bucks (Matt and Nick Jackson) would join Bullet Club. They would win the tournament and go on to defeat Suzuki-gun (Taichi and Taka Michinoku) to win the IWGP Junior Heavyweight Tag Team Championships at Power Struggle.

Anderson and the debuting Doc Gallows would win the 2013 World Tag League on December 8. At Wrestle Kingdom 8, Anderson and Gallows would defeat K.E.S. (Davey Boy Smith Jr. and Lance Archer) to become the new the IWGP Tag Team Champions. Also during the event, Devitt would lose his IWGP Junior Heavyweight Championship to Kota Ibushi.

Devitt would lose a Loser Leaves Town match to his former Apollo 55 partner Taguchi at Invasion Attack. During the match, the Bucks would turn on Devitt and attack him after he told them multiple times not to interfere in the match. Devitt would leave New Japan Pro-Wrestling after his loss.

Below are the current and former members of Bullet Club and the timeline of the group along with the multiple sub-groups:

Milad Salehpour

Milad Salehpour (born on January 3, 1991 in Tehran) is a Television presenter from Iran.

Milad Salehpour is the host of Khush Namak on IRIB Nasim. 


Ohi Day

Ohi Day (or Oxi Day) is a day that people in Greece celebrate on 28 October (the actual date of it being 28 October 1940).

This is an event where people in Greece fought the Italians (the axis forces) during World War II over Greek land. On this day, an Italian messenger had come up to Ioannis Metaxas and proclaimed to him that if he did not give the Italians their land, there would be trouble. Metaxas, still in his pyjamas, formerly replied in French, "There will be war."

Men from all around Greece happily marched off to war, and eventually won the battle, the Italians having underestimated them. And that is Oxi Day.

Why Not Me (The Judds song)

"Why Not Me" is a 1984 song by country artists The Judds and is the title track to their debut studio album "Why Not Me". It went to number 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 3 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks charts.

I Need to Know (Marc Anthony song)

"I Need to Know" is a 1999 song by Latin singer Marc Anthony and is the leading single from his fourth studio album "Marc Anthony". It went to number 3 in the United States, number 28 in the United Kingdom, number 20 in New Zealand and Australia, number 1 in Poland, number 5 in Canada, number 8 in Finland and number 18 in the Netherlands. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2000.

J1407b

J1407b is an exoplanet with a ring system 200x bigger than the rings of Saturn. It is also known as a "Super Saturn".

It is a gas giant, theoretically consisting of hydrogen and helium, like Saturn. The distance is 433.8 light years from earth, and it's an incredibly young planet as young as 16.01 million years.

It was spotted by an astronomer in 2012 named Eric Mamajek. J1407b is located in the constellation of Centaurus. 

The Tour of Life

The Tour of Life (or Kate Bush Tour) was the only concert tour by English singer Kate Bush. The tour was made for her first two albums, "The Kick Inside" and "Lionheart". It happened in April and May 1979. It was the first concert ever to use a wireless headset microphone. The device was invented by Gordon Paterson so Bush could dance on stage. The tour's lighting worker, Bill Duffield, died after the first concert because he fell from a stage and seating structure.


These are the people listed in the Kate Bush Tour programme sold at the concerts.

Performers


Production


Audiovisuals


Tour management


Christian Parker

Christian Parker (born 9 July 1968) is an American musician, songwriter, record artist and guitarist. He creates music in the genres of folk, country rock, and cosmic American. His songs explore various topics, including challenges, achievements, and the relationships between people. He is also a member of the band , based in 

Parker was born on 9 July 1968, and grew up in , New York, near the Canadian border. He developed a passion for music at a young age and became skilled at playing the guitar and writing songs while in school. At 12 years old, he started taking guitar lessons. 

In 1986, at the age of 17, Parker released his first album, "Reflections of Tomorrow". Four years later, in 1990, he worked with Peter Pendras, the guitarist of the country band , to release his second album, "Through The Darkness". In 2007, Parker worked with musician Barb Heller to release his fourth album, "Now & Then".

In 2022, he released "Every Passing Mile" in collaboration with musician under SubCat Records. The album consisted of 13 songs, most of which were written by Parker. It also included the opening track "Cast a Line", which he co-wrote with Peter Pendras during the initial period of the COVID-19 lockdown. That same year, Parker released his sixth album, "Best Kept Secret", which featured previously unreleased material spanning two decades.

In 2023, he released his seventh album, "Sweethearts: A Tribute To The Byrds 'Sweetheart of the Rodeo'". This album showcased Parker's modern country interpretations of all 11 tracks from the original 1968 by the American folk rock band The Byrds. In addition to the original songs, Parker included three more tracks on the album: "I Still Miss Something" by Johnny Cash, "Satisfied Mind" by Joe Hayes and , and "Drugstore Truck Driving Man" by and .

Parker said that the album is "our tribute to the 1968 classic". Notably, , who played on the original 1968 album, is also featured as a co-artist on this rendition. Furthermore, Ball and Parker collaborated as producers for the record. Another notable contributor to the 2023 "Sweethearts" album is , who also participated in the original 1968 recording. The album's production began in May 2022 and continued in the fall, with additional musicians joining the recording in January 2023.

The second volume of the Byrds tribute album, titled "Change is Now", is set to be released in early 2024.

Snake (video game)

Snake is a type of action video game where the player controls a growing line that looks like a snake. The goal is to avoid hitting obstacles and the snake's own body as it gets longer. This game originated in 1976 as a two-player arcade game called "Blockade". The objective was to survive longer than the other player. Later, a single-player version was created where the snake grows longer by eating food like apples or eggs. Snake games are popular because they are simple and don't require advanced technology. 

There are many versions of snake games available for different platforms, some with "snake" or "worm" in the title. The popularity of snake games increased when a version called "Snake" was preloaded on Nokia mobile phones in 1998, reaching a larger audience.

1974 Ellice Islands self-determination referendum

A referendum on splitting from the Gilbert Islands was held in the Ellice Islands (which were together as the Gilbert and Ellice Islands at the time) between July and September 1974. It started in July in Tarawa in the Gilbert Islands before being taken to every person who lived in the Ellice Islands.

The result was 93% of voters deciding to split the colony, with a voter turnout of 88%. In October 1975, the islands were officially split into two colonies. Four years after the referendum, the islands became the country of Tuvalu, while the Gilbert Islands became Kiribati.

The 8 representatives of the Ellice Islands were concerned about the Gilbert Islands being the more powerful part of the territory. They had an inquiry held by the British representative Leslie Monson. The British government let them have the referendum.

Before the referendum, the British government said that if the colony split, the Ellice Islands would not get any of the Gilberts' phosphate revenues from Ocean Island and that the assets of the GEIC outside the Ellice Islands would be owned by the Gilbert Islands. However, all prominent Ellice Islands politicians except Isakala Paeniu still wanted to split.

The referendum had two options:

Syracuse Area Music Awards

The Syracuse Area Music Awards is an annual event in the Syracuse area. The first awards were organized by Frank Malfitano in 1993.


Trndez

Trndez, also known as Tyarnndarach and Candlemas Day, is a special event in the Armenian Apostolic Church and Armenian Catholic Churches. It takes place 40 days after the birth of Jesus. The two churches celebrate Trndez on different days, either on the 13th of February (with celebrations on the eve of the 14th) or on the 2nd of February.

Trndez has its roots in Zoroastrian traditions and was originally associated with sun and fire worship in ancient Armenia before the arrival of Christianity. It symbolized the arrival of spring and fertility. After the adoption of Christianity, the holiday took on a new meaning, representing eternal and strong love. It is believed that if a couple jumps over a bonfire while holding hands, their love and bond will last forever. Another belief is that jumping over the bonfire can cure illnesses and purify sinners. Some also think that an infertile woman can become fertile by jumping over the bonfire.

Although Trndez has its origins in Hellenistic culture, it has evolved into a Christian holiday over time. The alternative name, Tyarnndarach, translates to "towards the God" in Armenian. Even today, Trndez is widely celebrated by Armenians and the Armenian Apostolic Church.

Academic dress

Academic dress is the form of robes and headdress worn by graduates or students of a university. Some universities require all students in an undergraduate degree to wear short black robes to classes such as University of Oxford and the University of Cambridge which has their students wearing a less formal robe whilst on campus. Most academic dress is only worn at graduation ceremonies or formal occasions not everyday. There are different types of dress for different types of degrees with the doctoral degree using the most elaborate and formal type of dress. Academic dress was first worn at the old universities of Oxford and Cambrdige but is now worn by most universities around the World. The colour of the robe and/or sash of the robes indicate which degree and in what subject the wearing is graduating in. Academic dress almost always includes a type of headdress commonly called a mortar board. 

Michele Megale

Michele Megale (7 January 1930 Nicosia - 15 June 2021 Trapani ) was an Italian politician. He was mayor of Trapani. He joined the National Monarchist Party . He became a municipal councilor in Trapani for the PNM in the 1950s. In 1957, he moved to the Liberal Party. He was also a municipal councilor. In 1968, he joined the Christian Democrats . In December 1980, as a councilor, he was indicted by judge Giangiacomo Ciaccio Montalto , but was acquitted. Several times municipal councilor, he was elected mayor of Trapani on 10 October 1991. In 1993, he received Pope John Paul II on a pastoral visit to the city. He remained municipal councilor, until June 1994. He was president of the Luglio Musicale Trapanese, of the municipalized urban transport system (SAU) and of the Giulio Pastore Study Center. He published several brochures on contemporary Trapani history 

Destiny (singer)

Destiny Chukunyere (born 29 August 2002), known mononymously as Destiny, is a Maltese-Nigerian singer. She has competed in various competitions. 

She won the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2015 representing Malta. She was a contestant on "Britain's Got Talent" 2017 and in 2020 she won "The X Factor Malta". Destiny represented Malta at the Eurovision Song Contest 2021 with the song "Je me casse". She came in seventh place.

Sylva Åkesson

Sylva Åkesson (also known as "Sylva Elisabet Göta Perne" 18 September 1916 in Hålabäck, Vinslövs - 26 May 2021 in Kungsholmen)  was a Swedish actor.

Sylva Åkesson was the daughter of Betty Johansson (1887–1975) and was named Åkesson when the mother was married to Anton Åkesson in 1919–1939. 

She first worked as a mannequin and was engaged by the Casino Theater in 1938, performing operettas and revues before retiring from the stage in the early 1950s. She made her film debut in 1944 in Benkt-Åke Benktsson's film "Skåningar" .

From 1950 she was married to the composer and lyricist Nils Perne (1905–1965). She changed her first name Svea to Sylva in 1983. They are buried at the Norra burial ground outside Stockholm. 


Ariel Barria Alvarado

Ariel Barria Alvarado (1959 - 2021) was a writer, teacher, and Panamanian culture manager. He won the Ricardo Miró National Literature Contest five times.

He graduated from University of Panama, and Universidad Santa María La Antigua. He taught at Santa María La Antigua University.



Iru

Irina Khechanovi (born 3 December 2000), known by her stage name Iru, is a Georgian singer. She was a member of the girlband Candy, who won the Junior Eurovision Song Contest 2011.

Iru later represented Georgia at the Eurovision Song Contest 2023 with the song "Echo". She placed 12th in the second semi-final and did not qualify for the final.

Patrick McHenry

Patrick Timothy McHenry (born October 22, 1975) is an American politician. He became the U.S. representative for in 2005. He is a member of the Republican Party. McHenry became Speaker "pro tempore" of the United States House of Representatives in October 3, 2023, after the removal of Kevin McCarthy from the role.

McHenry was a House Republican chief deputy whip from 2014 to 2019, ranking member of the House Financial Services Committee from 2019 to 2023, and chair of the House Financial Services Committee since 2023.

In December 2023, McHenry announced that he would not seek reelection in 2024.

Abdul Latif Rashid

Abdul Latif Rashid (; born 10 August 1944), also known as Latif Rashid () is an Iraqi Kurdish politician. He became the 9th President of Iraq in 2022. He defeated incumbent President Barham Salih in the 2022 presidential election. 

Education and Professional Career
Abdel Latif Rachid, born in 1944 in Souleimaniye, is of Kurdish origin. He's an active member of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan (PUK), led by former President Jalal Talabani, who is also his brother-in-law. Rachid studied in a British A-Levels high school in North Wales. He holds a Bachelor of Science in civil engineering from the University of Liverpool (1968) and earned a Master of Science (1972) and a Ph.D. (1976) in engineering from the University of Manchester.

Rachid is a certified engineer and a member of the Institution of Civil Engineering and the International Commission on Irrigation and Drainage (ICID). He worked as an independent consultant on irrigation and drainage projects and collaborated with the Water Engineering Administration.

He has been involved in various engineering, agricultural development, and Kurdish and Iraqi leadership programs and organizations. Previously, he worked as a senior project manager for the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization (UNFAO) in Yemen and Saudi Arabia. Since 1986, he has served as the representative of the Patriotic Union of Kurdistan in the United Kingdom and as the spokesperson for the Kurdistan Front.

He is married to Chanaz Ibrahim Ahmed and has two sons and a daughter.

In 1992, Rachid was elected Vice President and an executive member of the Iraqi National Congress (INC), and in 1998, he was elected to the INC's board.
As the Minister of Water Resources from September 2003 to December 2010, Rachid managed various portfolios, including irrigation, municipal and industrial water supply, hydroelectricity, flood control, environmental requirements, and marshland restoration. After the overthrow of Saddam Hussein's regime in April 2004, the Minister oversaw significant improvements in the country's water resource management.
In addition to his technical qualifications and commitments, Rachid actively participated in Kurdish and Iraqi politics. He attended numerous conferences and official meetings on behalf of Kurdish political parties and Iraqi opposition groups under Saddam Hussein's regimes. Rachid also represented Kurdish politics and Iraqi opposition groups in official meetings with various international institutions and governments He served as a presidential adviser from 2010.

After several months of deadlock during the 2022 Iraqi presidential election, leading to the threat of early elections and clashes between Sadrists and the armed forces resulting in over thirty deaths in August, the crisis finally came to an end in October. The PDK agreed to support the compromise candidacy of Abdel Latif Rachid, a PUK member running as an independent with the support of the Kurdistan Democratic Party (PDK). This allowed the newly elected president to appoint a prime minister and finally establish a government after a year of waiting. Abdel Latif Rachid was elected in the second round, defeating the incumbent President Barham Saleh during the session held on October 13, 2022. A member of the PUK and closely associated with its founder Jalal Talabani, Abdel Latif Rachid had been a presidential advisor since 2010, following seven years as the head of the Water Management Ministry. At the age of 78, his extensive experience in Iraqi politics and his ability to maintain good relations with politicians from both the Shiite and Sunni political communities garnered support from various factions.

He took the oath of office on October 17 and entrusted former Minister of Human Rights Mohammed Shia' Al Sudani with the task of forming a government.

Jazmin Bean

Jazmin Bean (born February 7, 2003) is an English singer-songwriter and makeup artist. They first got popular online for their makeup and non-binary gender expression. They released their first extended play "Worldwide Torture" in 2019. They signed to Interscope and Island Records in 2020. Their debut album "Traumatic Livelihood" will be released in 2024.

Jazmin Bean was born on February 7, 2003, in London. Both of their parents are musicians. Their father is Ginger Wildheart and their mother is Angie Adams. They have Filipino ancestry.

Bean has Autism. They are agender and use they/them pronouns. They sometimes wear a chest binder. In 2022, Bean spent some time in a rehab clinic for a ketamine addiction.





Flying Fish Cove

Flying Fish Cove (, ) is the capital city of Australia's Christmas Island. It was originally named after British survey-ship "Flying-Fish", but many maps call it "The Settlement". It was established in 1888, and was the first British settlement on the island.

About a third of the territory's total population of 1,600 lives in Flying Fish Cove. The town is near the north-eastern tip of the island. There is a small harbour which serves tourists with yachts. It is possible to go diving at the settlement's beach.

Goodnight My Love (1956 song)

"Goodnight My Love" is a song written by George Motola and John Marascalco in 1956.

The song was originally recorded by Jesse Belvin and released in 1956. Some people say that American R&B singer-songwriter Barry White - who would have been 11 years old at the time - played piano on the song.
However, in an interview in 1995 White denied this.

The Jesse Belvin version of the song reached number seven on the US "Billboard" R&B chart in 1956.
The McGuire Sisters cover, also released in 1956, reached #32 on "Billboard's" pop chart.

The Paul Anka 1968 cover reached number twentyseven on the "Billboard" singles chart in a 10-week chart run in 1969. The single peaked at number eighteen on the "Record World" chart and #13 in Canada.


Look (American magazine)

Look was an American magazine pubilshed between 1937 and 1971. It was published every two weeks. It had an interest in photographs, and photojournalism. It was a direct competitor of "Life" (magazine), the market leader. Life began publishing a few months earlier, and stopped in 1972. Notable staff include Stanley Kubrick, who worked for Look before starting his career as a movie maker.

Barbara Hepworth

Barbara Hepworth (10 January 1903 – 20 May 1975) was an English sculptor. She is considered a leading name in modern sculpture. Hepworth was a member of the the colony of artists who lived in St Ives during the World War II. Her second husband was the painter Ben Nicholson.

Julia Boutros

Julia Boutros (Arabic: جوليا بطرس; born April 1, 1968) is a well known Lebanese singer. She is known for her nationalistic and patriotic songs. She is also known for her romantic songs that she releases rarely.

Julia was born on 1 April, 1968 in Beirut to a Lebanese father and a Armenian-Palestinian mother. She was the second child in her family. Her older brother Ziad Boutros is a composer and her younger sister Sophie Boutros is a director. At the age of 10, Julia used to sing at her school's music band as a Chorus singer until her talent was discovered by Fouad Fadel, a music teacher. She considered Fairuz as her idol.

Julia Boutros’s career began at the same time of the Israeli invasion of Lebanon, which had a impact on her choosing a different path then what other new singers would have choosen as a new singer. She has started her career singing in French but then shifted to Lebanese dialect of Arabic considering her audience.

At the age of 12, her first song was released in French. It was a tune titled '"A Maman"'(A Mother). The song was dedicated to all mothers on Mother's day.

In 2006, she released a song “"Ahibbai"”("My Beloved Ones"), the song's lyrics were inspired from a speech that was given by Hassan Nasrallah, the Secretary-General of the Hezbollah to his soldiers during 2006 Israel–Hezbollah war. This song made her famous among the supporters of Hezbollah but at the same time also led to criticisms. The song was released after the 2006 Israel-Hezbollah war. The same year, she performed a series of patriotic songs in Lebanon, Syria, Qatar and UAE which resulted in gathering around three million US dollars, the amount was donated to the families of war victims and to the families of Hezbollah fighters and the Lebanese army who were killed.

She was honored by several Arab countries. She also received the “National Order of the Cedar”, which was awarded to her by the President of Lebanon for her effective role in the resistance movement.

Born to Be Blue (The Judds song)

"Born to Be Blue" is a 1990 song by country artists The Judds and is the leading single from their sixth studio album "Love Can Build a Bridge". It went to number 5 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs chart and number 4 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks chart.

You Sang to Me

"You Sang to Me" is a 2000 song by Latin singer Marc Anthony and is the second single from his fourth studio album "Marc Anthony". It went to the top 10 in the United States, New Zealand, Belgium, the Netherlands, Austria and Norway and was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2001.

CD Maxi-single

Reiko Fujita

Reiko Fujita is a Japanese archer. She was born on 2 July 1972. Fujita competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Terushi Furuhashi

Terushi Furuhashi is a Japanese archer. He was born on 6 February 1952. Furuhashi competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Takaharu Furukawa

Takaharu Furukawa is an archer from Japan. He was born on 9 August 1984. Furukawa competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics, 2008 Summer Olympics, 2012 Summer Olympics, 2016 Summer Olympics, and 2020 Summer Olympics.

British Longhair

The British Longhair is a breed of cat. It originated in Great Britain.

British Longhair was created by crossing between British Shorthair and Persian cat. It has not been bred as an independent breed. Since many British Shorthair cats carry the mutation for longhair, it happened again and again that from two British Shorthair cats also longhair were born. These were the starting for the breeding of the British Longhair.

British Longhairs are prone to obesity if they are neutered or kept as an indoor-only cat.

Like most long-haired cats, they need to be brushed. In the fall and winter, the coat tangles easily because of the thicker integument.

They are at risk for hereditary polycystic kidney disease (PKD), especially autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease (ADPKD).


Edouard Sulpice

Édouard Sulpice is a French actor born in Chambéry in 1995. He studied at the CNSAD and began his film career by playing the role of Édouard in the film À l'abordage by Guillaume Brac.

Édouard studied at the National Higher Conservatory of Dramatic Art, where he graduated in 2020.
In 2020, he obtained his first film role, playing the character of Édouard in the film À l'abordage directed by Guillaume Brac.. The same year, he played the role of young Rabut (played by Jean-Pierre Darroussin) at the age of 20, in the film Des hommes, directed by Lucas Belvaux based on the novel of the same name by Laurent Mauvignier. In 2021, he played the role of Patrick in L'Évènement directed by Audrey Diwan. In 2022, he played the role of Anthony in the play Their children after them by Nicolas Mathieu. He is in the UBBA agency, located in Paris.


Des Hommes

Des Hommes is a Franco-Belgian film written and directed by Lucas Belvaux, released in 2020. It is the adaptation of the novel "Des hommes" by Laurent Mauvignier. The film, selected in the official competition at Cannes, received the 2020 Cannes Film Festival label.
They were sent to Algeria during the "events" in 1960. Two years later, Bernard, Rabut, Février, and others returned to France. They remained silent and lived their lives. But sometimes, it takes almost nothing, like a winter birthday or a small gift, for the past to suddenly come back into the lives of those who thought they could deny it, even forty years later.


Ernst Sabeditsch

Ernst Sabeditsch (6 May 1920 – 30 June 1986) was an Austrian football player. He played mainly for First Vienna FC. He also played for the Austrian national football team. During the occupation of Austria by Nazi-Germany he played also one match for Germany.
With the annexation of Austria he was used for First Vienna FC in the Gauliga Ostmark. He and his team won the regional championship three times in a row from 1942 to 1944. Also in the German competitions they were sucessful. In 1942 he came second in the German championship with the Vienna and won the Tschammerpokal (Cup competition) in 1943 against LSV Hamburg. 

As a soldier, he and his unit were transferred to the General Government in the fall of 1943. As a guest player during the war, he was active for LSV Mölders Krakow. 

After the war Sabeditsch failed in the Cup-final on 20 June 1946, losing 2-1 to SK Rapid Vienna. His playing career came to a premature end after a ban for trading raw opium in divided post-war Vienna in 1949. He was pardoned in 1952 and played then ten league games for SC Wacker Wien.
Sabeditsch played 7 matches for the Austrian national football team. His first match was on 6 December 1945 versus France. His last match was on 5 October 1947 versus Czechoslowakia.
He worked as a coach at Linzer ASK from 1953 to 1955 and at the Swiss A national league team FC Schaffhausen in the 1956/57 season

Nathan Ambrosioni

Nathan Ambrosioni, born August 18, 1999 in Grasse in the Alpes-Maritimes, is a French director.

With several friends, Nathan Ambrosioni directed a first feature film, the independent horror film Hostile, then another entitled Therapy.
The general public discovered it in 2018 with the release of Les Drapeaux de papier, directed by Noémie Merlant and Guillaume Gouix : the film traces the difficult relationships between a man just released from prison and his young sister.
Although he had no contacts or professional experience in cinema when he began directing the film, Nathan Ambrosioni became the youngest director to benefit from the advance on receipts.
“Nathan Ambrosioni: journey of a gifted child”, wrote Première magazine when the film was released in 2019, for which he wrote the screenplay at the age of 16.
In 2022, he began filming his second feature film, Toni, en famille, performed in particular by Camille Cottin, released in France on September 6, 2023 and which won the best film prize at the Festival du Film de Demain.
In 2023, he was announced as a member of the jury for the sixth edition of the Dinan Film Courts Festival, from November 15 to 19, 2023. He is among the 10 youngest promising French directors of the year 2023 in New York magazine "Elucid magazine"


Mack the Knife

"Mack the Knife" or "The Ballad of Mack the Knife" () is a song composed by Kurt Weill for the 1928 play "The Threepenny Opera". The song has become a popular standard recorded by many artists including Louis Armstrong in 1955, Bobby Darin in 1959 and Ella Fitzgerald Grammy Award winning in 1961.

Eastern Sports Club

Eastern Athletic Association, also known as Eastern Sports Club (), is a Hong Kong sports club, best known for its football team. They play their home games at Mong Kok Stadium.


Warwick Avenue (song)

"Warwick Avenue" is a 2008 song by Welsh singer Duffy and is the second single from her debut studio album "Rockferry". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Scotland and the Netherlands, number 15 in New Zealand and the Netherlands, number 7 in Scotland and Denmark, number 21 in Italy and number 11 in Ireland.

UK CD single

UK 7" vinyl single

Australian digital download single

German maxi single

iTunes B-side single

Włodzimierz Smolarek

Born in Aleksandrów Łódzki, Smolarek played for Widzew Łódź and Legia Warsaw in Poland. He won the Ekstraklasa championship with the former side in 1981 and 1982, as well as the 1985 Polish Cup.

In 1986, aged 29, Smolarek was allowed to leavePoland. He started with Eintracht Frankfurt in the Bundesliga where he won the German Cup in his second season, playing the full 90 minutes in the 1–0 win against VfL Bochum. He retired at 39 after eight years in the Netherlands, with Feyenoord and FC Utrecht, then went on to work with the first club as youth coach for nearly one decade.

Smolarek made his debut for the Poland national team on 12 October 1980, in a 1–2 friendly loss in Argentina. Over the next 12 years he appeared in a further 59 internationals, being selected for the squads at two FIFA World Cups: in 1982 he helped the country finish third in Spain, scoring the opener in a 5–1 first group stage win against Peru. Four years later, celebrating his 50th appearance, he netted the only goal in the group phase contest against Portugal (his 12th and penultimate) in an eventual round-of-16 exit.

In October 2009, Smolarek was hired by the Polish Football Association to oversee the national side's youth program. 
Smolarek died in 2012 at age 54.

Korie Cull

Korie Cull (born 17 November 1990) is a British artist and designer, from Nottingham, England. His work predominately centers around the figurative character NŌRI and it's associated sculpts and motifs. Presently, Cull is working and living in Cupertino, California as an Art Director at Apple, where he works on an array of Apple products and events.

Cull is a graduate in Conceptual Design, Games Engines and Physics BSc (Hons) from Staffordshire University in 2012.


Lebanese Arabic

Lebanese Arabic (Arabic: عَرَبِيّ لُبْنَانِيّ) is a dialect of the Arabic language spoken in Lebanon. It is also spoken among the Lebanese diaspora. It has different features and variations in pronunciation, vocabulary and grammar that makes it different from other Arabic dialects.

Lebanese Arabic reflects Lebanon's diverse cultural influences, with elements from French, English, and other languages added into daily speech. While Modern Standard Arabic is used in formal contexts, Lebanese Arabic is the primary spoken language in Lebanon which shows the rich linguistic heritage of the country.

I'm Eighteen

"I'm Eighteen" is a 1970 song by Alice Cooper and is the leading single from their third studio album "Love It To Death". It went to number 21 in the United States and number 7 in the United Kingdom and was a breakthrough for the band. It has been covered by Anthrax and Creed for the 1998 movie "The Faculty".

Abu Obaida (Hamas)

Abu Obaida (Arabic: أبو عبيدة) also spelled as Abu Obayda, Abu Ubayda and Abu Ubaydah, is the war name of a Palestinian militant who is the spokesperson for the Izz ad-Din al-Qassam Brigades, the military wing of the Palestinian political and military organization Hamas since 2006.

He was nicknamed Abu Ubaidah after the companion of Mohammad who conquered Jerusalem, Abu Ubayda ibn al-Jarrah, who lived during the reign of Caliph Umar.

Abu Obaida appeared for the first time as official spokesperson for Al-Qassam Brigades in 2004 but he gained spotlight when he announced the capture of the Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit by the Al-Qassam Brigades in 2006. He was previously seen on screen as a field official between 2002-2004, but his identity remains unknown and his face does not appear in the media as he covers his face with a Keffiyeh for security purpose. Palestinian reports indicate that his face is known only to a small number of people. The Israeli Defense Forces (IDF) has reported multiple times that they have revealed Abu Obeida's identity but Hamas has denied the claims citing propaganda.

Daech, les enfants fantômes

Daech, les enfants fantômes is a documentary written and directed by Hélène Lam Trong, released in 2023. he receives the Prize Albert Londres of audiovisual 

In 2019, approximately 500 French children found themselves growing up in harsh conditions in Syrian prisons, a violation of child protection laws. Despite their families' pleas, the French government refused to bring them home. In January 2023, the UN condemned France for this decision, following previous condemnations in 2022.
The only hope for these children lies with their families in France, who are demanding their repatriation. In the spring of 2023, over a hundred French children remain in dire conditions in Syrian camps, their future uncertain. All this is happening while concerns grow about Daesh's resurgence in the region.

Rwanda : Le silence des mots

Rwanda, le silence des mots is a documentary written by Michael Sztank and Gaël Faye directed by Gaël Faye and produced by Babel Doc, release in 2021.

They testified before the French courts in Kigali and Paris, first in 2004 and then in 2012. Since then, the investigation, handled by the 'Genocide and Crimes Against Humanity' division of the Paris High Court, hasn't progressed. Concessa, Jeanne, and Prisca claim they were sexually assaulted by French soldiers from Operation Turquoise during the 1994 genocide against the Tutsis. Today, each of them continues with their lives and copes with their past. They speak on behalf of all the women who were victims of men's brutality during that genocide. They stand as a symbol in the fight against forgetting.


Remigio Herrera

Remigio Herrera (birth name, Adeshina Obara Meyi) (1811/1816–1905), born in Ijesha, in Osun State, Nigeria, was a Babalawo (a Yoruba priest). He inherited the Ifá religious system in Cuba, with his mentor Carlos Adé Ño Bí (birth name, Corona). 

Remigio Herrera was one of the most popular surviving Africans from the 19th century in the Republic of Cuba. 

Remigio Herrera (Adeshina) was born in Ijesha, in Osun State, Nigeria. Adeshina swallowed the representative symbol of the Orunmila (Orisha Orula),  Just before he was kidnapped in Africa and taken away for slavery, with the intention of carrying it with him to his next destination.

Dangereux à perpétuité ?

Dangereux à perpétuité ? is a documentary written and directed by Frédérique Lantieri, produced by Stéphanie Lebrun and released in 2022.

At the National Assessment Center (CNE) in the Fresnes prison, a diverse team of guards, psycho-clinicians, and probation officers tirelessly monitor and interact with around twenty inmates serving long sentences who are seeking early release. The CNE's evaluation plays a critical role in helping the justice system decide whether or not to grant sentence adjustments. We take a closer look at the stories of Jean-Paul, serving a life sentence for rape and murder; Stéphane, sentenced to fifteen years for murder; Bruno, serving a ten-year term for child molestation; and William, facing a twenty-year sentence for assaulting a vulnerable person.


Frédérique Lantieri

Frédérique Lantieri, born on March 18, 1960, in the Kingdom of Libya, is a French journalist and television presenter.

Frédérique Lantieri was born in Libya in 1960, into a family of French settlers originally from Algeria.

She spent fifteen years working as a legal affairs journalist at Le Quotidien de Paris and L'Événement du jeudi. Her career included roles as the chief editor of La Marche du siècle, editor at the CAPA agency, and a journalist for the TV program "Envoyé spécial." In October 2011, she took over as the host of "Faites entrer l'accusé" on France 23, succeeding Christophe Hondelatte.

In early 2020, when "Faites entrer l'accusé" moved to RMC Story, Frédérique Lantieri was replaced as the host. Like Christophe Hondelatte, she expressed profound disappointment about the show's departure from public broadcasting and concerns regarding its future. Nevertheless, she opted not to exercise her veto power to prevent the show from leaving the public service.


Emmanuel Pierrat

Emmanuel Pierrat, born on August 23, 1968, in Nogent-sur-Marne, is a French writer and lawyer.

Emmanuel Pierrat was born in Nogent-sur-Marne, France, on August 23, 1968. He grew up in Pantin, a suburb of Paris. His brother is the journalist and writer Jérôme Pierrat.

Since 1993, Emmanuel Pierrat has been a lawyer in Paris. In 2003, he co-founded the law firm Pierrat & Associés, which consists of about ten lawyers and is co-directed by Sophie Viaris de Lesegno. In 2017, he partnered with criminal defense lawyer Carbon de Seze, a former secretary of the conference and a former member of the Bar Council. In January 2019, Sirma Guner became a partner in his law firm.

Emmanuel Pierrat has also taught law at various institutions, including the University of Paris 13, the Center for Training and Advancement of Journalists (CFP), the Center for Professional Counseling and Training (CECOFOP), the National School of Decorative Arts, the National School of Gobelins, and the National Institute for Bookselling Training (INFL).

As a lawyer, he defended individuals in several high-profile cases, such as Sandrine Bertaux's sexual harassment complaint against demographer and historian Hervé Le Bras, and Michel Houellebecq in a lawsuit related to his remarks about Islam. He also represented the owner of the domain name Jeboycottedanone.com in a case against Danone, although this case was not successful. Emmanuel Pierrat defended Denis Baupin, a member of parliament accused of sexual assault and harassment, but faced setbacks in the case, including being found guilty of "abusive procedure." He also defended the family of Yann Moix in a case related to allegations made in his book "Orléans," and assisted Edouard Louis in a legal matter arising from his book "History of Violence." Emmanuel Pierrat has been involved in matters related to literary and artistic property rights, including representing Bill Pallot in a case involving the Château de Versailles and supporting singer Stephan Eicher in a dispute with Universal.

He has provided legal counsel to various authors, including Guillaume Musso and Anna Gavalda, and is known for his support of same-sex marriage. He was an advocate for the same-sex couples in Bègles.

In June 2020, he received unpublished manuscripts of Louis-Ferdinand Céline from journalist Jean-Pierre Thibaudat. Subsequently, he faced legal challenges related to these manuscripts but ultimately avoided legal action. During this period, he also shared the existence of the manuscripts with journalist Jérôme Dupuis, which was reported in Le Monde.

Emmanuel Pierrat's law firm entered into judicial reorganization on November 10, 2022, following a declaration of insolvency on November 4. The reorganization was converted into judicial liquidation on January 5, 2023. In the meantime, Emmanuel Pierrat had established a new structure, Pierrat Avocats, on December 26, 2022.

Dieu, les religions et les francs-maçons, Paris, First, 320 p. (ISBN 978-2754070508)

Turkic tribal groups in Iran

In Iran there are many Turkic tribal groups, almost all are descendants of Oghuz Turks. This article examines the several Turkic tribes in Iran.

Ths Qashqais (Persian: قشقایی) are a tribal confederation of mostly Turkic origin, but there are also Kurds, Lurs and Arabs in Qashqai confederation. Almost all of them speak Qashqai, a Turkic language from Oghuz sub-branch. They are found in the area of Shiraz to the north of the Persian Gulf. Their population is around 300.000.

The Qashqai, in general, believe that their ancestors came to Iran from Turkestan in the vanguard of the armies of Hulagu Khan () or Timur (). However, it seems more probable that they arrived during the great tribal migrations of the 11th century.

The Afshars (Persian: افشار) are a tribe of Turkic origin that split into several groups in Iran, Turkey, and Afghanistan. There is an important Afshar group in Urmia and its vicinity, West Azerbaijan. There are also Afshar groups in the southern Azerbaijan, in the region around Zanjan, vicinity of Tehran, Mazandaran, north of Mashad, Kermanshah, southwest Iran, as well as small Afshar groups in Fars and Kerman. The some Afshars joined the Qashqai confederation.

Afshar tribe of historically important as one of the Qizilbash tribes, which established the Safavid dynasty in Iran, and as descent group of the Afsharid dynasty. Nader Shah (), the founder of Afsharid dynasty, was from Qirqlu branch of the Afshar tribe.

The Afshars are originally belongs to "Bozok" branch of the Oghuz Turks, and are ninth of the twenty-four Oghuz Turkic tribes.

The Bayats (Persian: بیات) are an important Turkic tribe, into several groups in Syria, Turkey (Anatolia), Iraq and Iran. At the beginning of the 19th century, the Bayats lived in three branches: in Azerbaijan with 5.000 people, around Tehran with 3.000 people, and around Shiraz in Fars with 3.000 people. Today they are entirely sedentary and live mainly around Zanjan. The some Bayats joined the Qashqai confederation.

An important branch of the Bayats migrated to Iran in the last quarter of the 15th century upon the Aq Qoyunlu conquest. Some of them settled in Azerbaijan and a significant part in the southeast of Hamadan. Since Abbas the Great () considered it inconvenient for the Bayats to live together, he dispersed them by appointing some of their beys to sanjaks in Azerbaijan.

The Bayats are originally belongs to "Bozok" branch of the Oghuz Turks, and are second of the twenty-four Oghuz Turkic tribes.

The Shahsevan (Persian: شاهسون) are a number of Turkic tribal groups in various parts of northwestern Iran, notably in the Mughan and Ardabil districts of eastern Azerbaijan and in the Karaqan and Khamsa districts between Zanjan and Qazvin. Most of Shahsevan are of Turkic origin and the Turkic identity and culture are overwhelmingly dominant among them, though the ancestors of several component tribes were of Kurdish or other origins. They are Shia Muslims and spoke Azerbaijani. 

By the late 17th century the name Shahsevan, often as a military title in addition to Qizilbash tribal names such as Afshar and Shamlu (and Shamlu components such as Beydili or Begdeli, Inallı or Ināllu, Ajirli or Ajirlu).

The Ayrums (Persian: آیرملوها) are a Turkic tribe of western Azerbaijan. Following the treaty of Turkmenchay in 1828 through which Iran lost the provinces of Yerevan and Nakhchivan, Abbas Mirza, the crown prince, who valued the fighting ability of Turkic tribesmen, encouraged several Turkic tribes which dwelled in the ceded provinces to settle down south of the Aras river, offering them fertile lands and lush pastures as a reward. One of these was the Ayrum tribe tribe, which moved from its ancestral holdings in the vicinity of Gyumri to the west of Maku.


Paul Rigoux

Paul Rigoux is born in Bordeaux in 1994, he is a French filmmaker and screenwriter.

After completing his legal studies in Bordeaux, he made his way to Paris, where he joined Fémis and entered their Distribution program. During his time there, he collaborated with fellow students on his debut short film, "The Onset of Antoine's Decline." Paul's talent was recognized when he secured a win in the GREC screenplay competition. This victory paved the way for his second film, "RAPIDE." The film garnered accolades, including recognition at Premiers Plans, Côté Court, FIFIB, and participation in over thirty global film festivals. Moreover, "RAPIDE" earned a nomination in the "Best Fiction Short Film" category at the 2024 César Awards.



Jhinjholi

Jhinjholi is a village situated in Saharanpur district of Uttar Pradesh state, north India. It is about 22 km from Saharanpur city.

Kundi

Kundi is a village located in Sarsawa block of Saharanpur district in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is about 21.5 km from Saharanpur city and 30 km from Yamunanagar city.

Hridaya Shanker Singh

Hridaya Shanker Singh is the first Vice-Chancellor of Maa Shakumbhari University in Uttar Pradesh. Before this Prof. Singh retired as a professor from the Zoology Department of Chaudhary Charan Singh University. He has been Pro-Vice-Chancellor, Controller of Examinations at Chaudhary Charan Singh University, and Director at Sir Chhotu Ram Engineering College.

Maa Shakumbhari University

Maa Shakumbhari University is a state university in Saharanpur, Uttar Pradesh.

It was established by upgrading the Government Degree College, Punwarka that was established in 1999. All government and private degree colleges in the districts of Saharanpur, Muzaffarnagar, and Shamli are affiliated with Maa Shakumbhari University.

Miragpur

Miragpur is a village situated in the Deoband Mandal of Saharanpur district in the state of Uttar Pradesh, India. The name of Miragpur, which has gained recognition across the country for being a drug-free village, has been added in the Asia Book of Records.

Randol

Randol is a village situated in Muzaffarabad Block Saharanpur district of Uttar Pradesh state, India.

It is about 17.7 km from Saharanpur city and 24.3 km from Sarsawa. Randol has a population of 6,500 with 1,200 households as per a report released by UCO bank.

Pentation

Pentation is the 5th hyperoperation, and the first one is addition. Pentation is just repeated tetration, but it produces
extremely large unimaginable numbers, a simple 2 ↑↑↑ 3 (or often displayed as 2) is equal to 65,536.
Another example is 3 ↑↑↑ 2. It is equal to 7,625,597,484,987 (7.625 Trillions, this number is known as a Tritri)

Pentation is calculated like this:
2 ↑↑↑ 3 = ²²2 = ⁴2 = 2^2^2^2 = 65,536
The word "Pentation" was coined by Reuben Goodstein (An English Mathematician) by joining together penta- (which means five) and iteration (A mathematical
function). It's how he usually named hyperoperations.

Toros Toranyan

Toros Toranyan ( Armenian : Թորոս Թորանյան, 29 February 1928, Aleppo - 3 June 2021, Yerevan ) was an Armenian writer, poet and doctor . 

He was born on 28 February 1928 in the city of Aleppo, in the French Mandate of Syria. Toranyan said that his ancestors were from Sasun. He said that they settled in the village of Saylakkaya, which was within the borders of Gaziantep at that time and is now a part of the Halfeti district of Şanlıurfa. 

After graduating from the Gulbenkian School in Aleppo in 1943, he completed his education at the Melkonian School in British Cyprus . 

He published his first work in Beirut in 1960. The same year, he also took courses in the field of political science. After returning to Syria, he moved to Yerevan where he studied Armenology for one year. He graduated from Yerevan State University Faculty of Medicine, in medical education in 1970. After working as a physician for twenty years in Syria, he retired and devoted himself to literary works. 

Until his death in 2021, he published more than 150 works in the genres of travel notes, stories and research, including twelve poetry books. 

Cassim Chilumpha

Cassim Chilumpha (born 29 November 1959) is a Malawian politician. He was the Vice-President of Malawi from 2004 to 2009. Chilumpha was born in Chiutula Village, Nkhotakota City, Malawi.

Eurovision: Come Together

Eurovision: Come Together was a television program created by the BBC. It aired on 16 May 2020 as a replacement to the cancelled Eurovision Song Contest 2020. It was hosted by Graham Norton. The show featured footage from 19 past Eurovision performances. The viewers could vote online and the winner was declared the most popular Eurovision song.

Unlike all other versions of Eurovision, the results of the vote were not given out as points. Instead, the winner was announced after the vote. The top 10 were revealed later by the BBC.

Marcel Schmelzer

Marcel Schmelzer (born 22 January 1988) is a former German football player. He has played for Borussia Dortmund and the Germany national team.

Marcel Schmelzer in Borussia Dortmund colors.
Trained at Borussia Dortmund, Marcel Schmelzer made his debut with the reserve team in Regionalliga Nord in 2007. A year later, he made his professional debut in the Bundesliga at the age of 20, replacing the Brazilian Dedê, who was the regular starter on the left side of the defense. He only played in 12 matches during his first professional season, but in the following season, 2009/2010, he firmly established himself as the left-back, quickly gaining recognition for his work rate on the field.

He truly broke out during the 2010-2011 season when he became one of the best in his position in the Bundesliga and won the German championship with his club Borussia Dortmund. The following season, he won the German championship for a second consecutive time as well as the German Cup. Although he was included in Joachim Löw's German national team for Euro 2012, he didn't play any matches in the tournament, which ended with a 2-1 defeat in the semi-finals against Italy.

In 2012-2013, Borussia Dortmund couldn't compete with Bayern Munich in the league, and they also lost 2-1 to Bayern Munich in the final of a UEFA Champions League, a unique all-German club showdown.

During the 2013-2014 season, Schmelzer suffered several injuries that caused him to miss many matches.

Due to a knee injury, Schmelzer has been sidelined since June 2020 and missed the entire 2020-2021 season, not playing any matches. Despite being out of contract after a year on the sidelines, Schmelzer signed a one-year extension with his club in July 2021, even though he is still in the rehabilitation process.

Fuchs' dystrophy

Fuchs dystrophy is an hereditary disease that affects the cornea, the clear front part of the eyes. It is also known as Fuchs endothelial corneal dystrophy (FECD) or Fuchs endothelial dystrophy (FED). The disease is named after Ernst Fuchs (1851-1930), an Austrian ophalmologist (eye doctor) who first described it in 1910. Ernst Kraupa, a German eye doctor also described the disease in 1920. The disease usually affects older people. More women than men are affected. The disease seems to be caused by a genetic defect, it is not contagious.

Usually, there is a fluid between the inside of the cornea, and the rest of the eye. Special cells at the inside of the cornea move this fluid in and out of the eye. In people with Fuchs dystropy, these cells die and can no longer move the fluid. This leads to a build-up of fluid in-between the two layers and a cloudy appearance in the cornea. Treatment is effective and good vision can often be restored to affected people. Eye surgeons can use a variety of operations using cornea transplantation using donated material from dead people. Eye drops can also be a treatment under the right circumstances. About 4% of people over the age of 40 get Fuchs' dystrophy in the United States. 

Augustdorf

Augustdorf is a municipality in Lippe in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It has an area of 42.18 km². About 10,100 people lived there in 2020.


Sigillo

Sigillo is a "comune" in the Province of Perugia in the Umbria region in Italy.

San Giovanni in Persiceto

San Giovanni in Persiceto is an Italian city in Emilia-Romagna. About 28,000 people live there.

Castello d'Argile

Castello d'Argile is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy.

San Pietro in Casale

San Pietro in Casale is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna, in Emilia-Romagna, Italy.

Crevalcore

Crevalcore is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in northern Italy. It is near Bologna.

San Giorgio di Piano

San Giorgio di Piano is a "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Bologna in the Emilia-Romagna region in Italy. It is the birthplace of actress Giulietta Masina.

Falmer

Falmer is a village and civil parish in the Lewes District of East Sussex, England. It is between Brighton and Lewes. It is also home to the Falmer Stadium and University of Sussex.

Polvijärvi

Polvijärvi is a municipality in North Karelia, Finland. As of 19 September 2023, 4,086 people lived there. Its area is . Neighbouring municipalities are Juuka, Kaavi, Kontiolahti, Liperi and Outokumpu.

Polvijärvi was founded in 1876.


List of demonyms for US states and territories

This is a list of official and unofficial terms used to describe the citizens of specific states, federal district, and territories of the United States of America.


Marek Suski

Marek Witold Suski (born June 11 , 1958 in Grójec ) - Polish politician. He has been a member of the Sejm in the fourth through ninth terms. From 2017 to 2019, he was the head of the Political Cabinet of the Prime Minister. He is a member of party.

Suski is a son of Janusz and Alina. His paternal ancestors had the Pomian coat of arms. He is a graduate of the Post-Secondary Vocational School of Theater Techniques in Warsaw. For a year he was employed at the Grand Theater in Warsaw . Then to the early 1990s. he worked in a craftsman's workshop. From 1993 to 1996 he headed the Regional Cultural Center in Tarczyn . In the years 1997–1999 he was the director of the branch of Jarosław Kaczyński's parliamentary office in Radom, then he worked in the joint-stock company " Srebrna ".

He co-founded the Center Agreement, then Law and Justice . He ran unsuccessfully as a PC MP in 1991 and 1993. He was elected as an MP from the PiS (LnJ) list in the 2001 and 2005 elections. In the Sejm of the 5th term, he sat on the Rules and Deputies' Affairs Committee (from November 3, 2005 as its chairman), the State Treasury Committee, and also in extraordinary committees. In 2006, he became an honorary member of the World Association of Home Army Soldiers. In the 2007 parliamentary elections, he won a parliamentary seat for the third time, receiving 29 497 votes in the Radom constituency. In 2008, the Presidium of the Sejm removed him from the position of vice-chairman of the Rules and Deputies' Affairs Committee due to disciplinary punishment by the Deputies' Ethics Committee for one of his statements from the Sejm tribune.

In the 2011 Sejm elections, he successfully ran for re-election and got 17 251 votes. In 2015, he was re-elected to the Sejm, receiving 36 542 votes. On July 22, 2016, he became vice-chairman of the investigative commission for Amber Gold.

On December 19, 2017, Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki appointed him as the head of the Political Cabinet of the Prime Minister with the rank of secretary of state in the Chancellery of the Prime Minister, replacing Elżbieta Witek in this function. In the 2019 elections, he was elected MP of the 9th term, receiving 69 141 votes. In November 2019, Marek Suski became vice-chairman of his Parliamentary Club, chairman of the Energy and State Treasury Committee and vice-chairman of the Culture and Media Committee. Therefore, he ended his government function.

In 2021, he became the chairman of the Program Council of Polish Radio and a member of the Council of Political Advisors established by Prime Minister Mateusz Morawiecki. In the 2023 elections, he kept his parliamentary mandate(with 37 853 votes). .


The Women's Ashes

The Women's Ashes is an international women's cricket tournament between Australia and England. It is the women's version of The Ashes test series.

Australia women's national cricket team

The Australia women's national cricket team represents Australia in international women's cricket.

England women's cricket team

The England women's cricket team represents England in international women's cricket.

Dear Child (book)

"Dear Child” (originally: "Liebes Kind") is a 2019 psychological thriller novel by German writer Romy Hausmann.

The main character, Lena Beck, is a young woman who was missing for 14 years. When Lena is hit by a car and taken to the hospital with her young daughter, her father is contacted. When he arrives, he says that she is not his daughter, but DNA tests confirm that her two children are his biological grandchildren. Eventually, it is revealed that Lena’s captor, a man called Lars Rogner, abducted her, locked her in a secluded cabin without windows for years, and forced her to be his wife and birth his children. Shortly after Lena gave birth to their third child, but both the child and mother passed away. A devastated Lars, who claimed to truly love Lena, kidnapped another woman named Jasmin Grass to replace Lena and assume her identity. Jasmin adopted the role for four months in captivity in order to survive, but was able to knock Lars unconscious and escape with Lena's daughter. Near the house, Jasmin is hit by a car and then taken to the hospital. Despite still grappling with the physical and psychological effects of what she’s experienced, Jasmin convinces the police she’s stable enough to return home. Once back in her apartment, Jasmin realizes the profound psychological toll the abduction has really taken, while remaining fearful of leaving her home and struggling to maintain a grasp on reality.

The book was made into a Netflix miniseries in 2023.

Soccer Ashes

The Soccer Ashes is a soccer trophy tournament between Australia and New Zealand. It was first created in 1923 and rediscovered in 2023. It is named after The Ashes test series in cricket between Australia and England.

Reuben Goodstein

Reuben Louis Goodstein is an English mathematician who had a strong interest in philosophy and teaching mathematics.
Reuben introduced a variant of the Ackermann function which is now called hyperoperation sequence, together with the naming system used for those (tetration, pentation, hexation, etc.).

Brownsville, Minnesota

Brownsville is a city in Houston County, Minnesota, United States.

Eitzen, Minnesota

Eitzen is a city in Houston County, Minnesota, United States.

Hokah, Minnesota

Hokah is a city in Houston County, Minnesota, United States.

Houston, Minnesota

Houston is a city in Houston County, Minnesota, United States.

Spring Grove, Minnesota

Spring Grove is a city in Houston County, Minnesota, United States.

Yuji Hamano

Yuji Hamano is an archer from Japan. He was born on 6 September 1980. Hamano competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics and 2004 Summer Olympics.

Nami Hayakawa

Nami Hayakawa is an archer from Japan. She was born on 6 October 1984. Hayakawa competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

During the 2008 Summer Olympics held in Beijing, Hayakawa completed her initial ranking round with a total of 649 points. This secured her the 9th position for the final competition bracket. In the first round, she faced off against Elena Mousikou and triumphed over the archer from Cyprus with a score of 112-103. In the second round, she exhibited her strength by defeating Jennifer Nichols with a score of 105-103, and she continued her journey by outscoring Naomi Folkard with 106-97 to reach the quarter-finals. Unfortunately, she was eliminated in the quarter-finals by Park Sung-hyun with a score of 112-103, who later went on to win the silver medal.

Hayakawa participated in the team event alongside Sayoko Kitabatake and Yuki Hayashi. Their combined scores from the ranking round, including Hayakawa's 649 points, Kitabatake's 616, and Hayashi's 616, placed the Japanese team in the seventh position after the ranking round. In the first round of the team event, they defeated the Colombian team with a score of 206-199. However, in the quarter-finals, they faced a formidable opponent in second-seeded Great Britain, who outperformed Japan with a score of 201-196.

Yuki Hayashi

Yuki Hayashi is an archer from Japan. She was born on 2 October 1984. Hayashi competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics and 2016 Summer Olympics.

Seiji Hibino

Seiji Hibino is a Japanese archer. He was born on 27 September 1950. Hibino competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Walter Probst

Walter Probst (17 April 1918 – February 2007) was an Austrian football player and manager.
He played for Rapid Wien, Wacker München, Austria Wien, Hakoah and Sportclub.
He coached IFK Göteborg, Austria Wien, Djurgårdens IF, Örgryte IS and Saab Linköping.

Rapid Wien Archiv:Players profile

Aaron Donald

Aaron Charles Donald (born May 23, 1991) is an American football defensive tackle for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Pittsburgh.

Donald, originally from Pittsburgh, is one of three children of Archie Donald and Anita Goggins. He grew up in the Lincoln-Lemington-Belmar neighborhood. His father introduced him to training to instill discipline in his life. Donald later admitted he was timid as a child. At the age of 12, he and his father would wake up at 4:30 AM and train for about two hours in the basement gym his father set up in their family home.

Donald attended Penn Hills High School, where he played American football under Coach Ron Graham. He was selected for the All-State AAA first team twice during his final two seasons.

He studied at the University of Pittsburgh and played for the Pittsburgh Panthers.

He was chosen as the 13th pick in the 2014 NFL Draft by the St. Louis Rams.

In his rookie year, he accumulated 47 tackles and nine sacks. His nine sacks ranked him first among first-year players in the 2014 season. He was selected to the All-Rookie Team and made it to the Pro Bowl. His performance earned him the NFL Rookie of the Year award.

In 2015, he started in all of his team's games. In 16 games, he recorded 69 tackles and 11 sacks, leading in the number of sacks by a defensive tackle and ranking eighth in sacks for the 2015 season. He was selected to the Pro Bowl for the second consecutive year.

In the first game of the season, he was ejected for touching a referee while his team was clearly dominated by the San Francisco 49ers. The player continued to improve and learn the league, despite his modest and shy personality and the Rams' poor performance, which was one of the worst teams in the NFL. At the end of the season, he was ranked by other players as the 15th best player in the NFL. However, he was frustrated by the season's outcome, which concluded with the firing of head coach Jeff Fisher.

During the preparation for the 2017 NFL season, Aaron Donald put pressure on his team by intentionally missing preseason games. In early September, he returned to the Rams' facilities but had not signed the expected contract. He missed the season's opening game against the Indianapolis Colts, costing him 1.5 million dollars. Playing in a defensive position where his dominance is hard to measure statistically, Donald had a significant defensive impact throughout the season. With power and discipline, he consistently pressured opposing offenses, even when double-teamed.

A few days before the start of the 2018 NFL season, Aaron Donald signed a new six-year contract with the Los Angeles Rams, worth 135 million dollars, with 87 million guaranteed and a 40 million dollar signing bonus. This made him the highest-paid defensive player in NFL history, but less than 24 hours later, Khalil Mack reclaimed that record by signing a 141 million dollar contract with the Chicago Bears.

AR Fox

Thomas James "T.J" Ballester (born September 5, 1987) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name AR Fox. He also wrestles in their sister promotion, Ring of Honor (ROH).

Fox has also wrestled for Combat Zone Wrestling (CZW), Dragon Gate USA, Evolve, Lucha Underground, and Game Changer Wrestling (GCW).

During his time in CZW, Fox was a one-time CZW World Junior Heavyweight Champion and a three-time CZW Wired TV Champion. In Evolve, he was a one-time and first Evolve Champion and a one-time Evolve Tag Team Champion.

At Final Battle on December 10, 2022, Fox would team with Blake Christian to defeat La Facción Ingobernable (Rush and Dralístico). He would team with Blake Christian and Metalik to face The Embassy (Bishop Kaun, Brian Cage and Toa Liona) for the ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championship but lost.

On the May 18, 2023 episode of "ROH on HonorClub", Fox would face Zack Sabre Jr. for the NJPW World Television Championship but lost.

On the July 27, 2020 episode of "", Fox made his debut in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He teamed with Adrian Alanis and Liam Gray in a loss to Angelico and Private Party (Isiah Kassidy & Marq Quen). On the November 9 episode of "Dark: Elevation", Fox defeated Serpentico to get his victory in AEW.

On the November 16 episode of "Dynamite", Fox would team with Top Flight (Dante Martin and Darius Martin) and fight Death Triangle (PAC, Penta El Zero Miedo & Rey Fenix) for the AEW World Trios Championships but would be defeated.

On the November 30 episode of "Dynamite", Fox would challenge Samoa Joe for the TNT Championship but lost. Earlier that day, AEW owner Tony Khan announced that Fox had signed a contract with AEW.

At Holiday Bash, Fox teamed with Top Flight again. They would compete in the $300,000 Three Kings Christmas Casino Trios Royale which they were able to win. Fox and Top Flight would challenge The Elite for the AEW World Trios Championships on the Feburary 8, 2023 episode of "Dynamite" but lost. They would have a rematch on the Feburary 17 episode of "Rampage" but lost again.

Fox would team with Blake Christian and Metalik to face the House Of Black (Brody King, Buddy Matthews & Malakai Black) for the AEW World Trios Championships but they lost.

Fox would turn heel after losing a AEW International Championship match to Orange Cassidy on the July 26 episode of "Dynamite". Under a mask, he would run in at the end of the match between Darby Allin and Swerve Strickland. He would attack Allin and Nick Wayne and join Strickland's Mogul Embassy. This partnership was short-lived. Fox would lose to Nick Wayne on the b episode of "Dynamite" and be kicked out of the group and attacked, which turned him face again.

Fox would face Jon Moxley for the International Championship on the September 6 episode of "Dynamite" but would lose.

Andrade El Idolo

Manuel Alfonso Andrade Oropeza (born November 3, 1989) is a Mexican professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for WWE on the Raw brand under the ring name Andrade (formerly Andrade "Cien" Almas).

He is also known for his time in All Elite Wrestling (AEW) under the ring name Andrade El Idolo. He also wrestled many years for Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL) and New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW) under the ring name La Sombra.

During his first run in WWE from 2015 to 2021, Andrade was a one-time NXT Champion and one-time United States Champion.

On the June 4, 2021 episode of "Dynamite", Andrade El Idolo made his debut for All Elite Wrestling (AEW). Vickie Guerrero interrupted a segment between Tony Schiavone and Mark Henry and introduced Andrade. Andrade made his AEW in-ring debut on July 7 at "Road Rager" where he defeated Matt Sydal.

On the July 14 episode of "Dynamite", Andrade would replace Vickie with his new Executive Consultant Chavo Guerrero. On the September 10 episode of "Rampage", Andrade would attack Chavo after winning a ladder match against Pac. 

On the October 6 episode of "Dynamite", Andrade would compete in a Casino Ladder match to determine to number one contender for the AEW World Championship. The match was eventually won by "Hangman" Adam Page.

On the Feburary 23 episode of "Rampage", Andrade would face Sammy Guevara for the AEW TNT Championship but lost. He would have a rematch on the March 4 episode of "Rampage" in a three-way match also involving Darby Allin but lost again.

On the June 8 episode of "Dynamite", Andrade would enter the Casino Battle Royal to determine the second contender for the interim AEW World Championship. He would make it to the final three but was accidently thrown out by the eventual winner Kyle O'Reilly.

Andrade would enter the tournament to crown the first AEW World Trios Champions alongside his La Faccion Ingobernable teammates Dragon Lee and Rush. They would lose in the first round against the eventual tournament winners The Elite (Kenny Omega and The Young Bucks).

In late 2023, Andrade began a feud with Miro, who was managed by his wife CJ Perry. Andrade would later lose his last AEW match to Miro at AEW Worlds End on December 30. Perry costed him the match. His contract expired at the end of 2023, which was confirmed by Tony Khan in a press conference after the show.

Andrade made his WWE return on January 27, 2024 at the Royal Rumble as a surprise entrant in the men's Royal Rumble match. He was then put on the Raw brand.

Andrade is a third-generation professional wrestler. His father wrestled under the name Brillante and his grandfather wrestled as El Moro.

He is married to WWE superstar Charlotte Flair and his father-in-law is Ric Flair.



Tunnel of Love (album)

Tunnel of Love is the eighth studio album by Bruce Springsteen. It was released on 2 October, 1987 through Columbia Records and topped the album charts in the United States, the United Kingdom, Italy, Spain, Norway, Sweden and Canada and made the top 10 in other countries it charted on. In 2012 it was ranked #467 on the Rolling Stone 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.

While more than 80 songs were said to have been recorded for Springsteen's previous album, only 19 are known to have been recorded for "Tunnel of Love", with 12 making the album's final cut. "Lucky Man" and "Two For the Road" were released as B-sides, and later on "Tracks" along with other outtakes such as "The Honeymooners," "The Wish" and "When You Need Me." "Part Man, Part Monkey" was also recorded during these sessions and played live on the Tunnel of Love Express Tour. Although that version remains unreleased, it would be re-recorded during future album sessions and eventually released. "Walking Through Midnight," the only other unreleased song, was co-written by Southside Johnny who recorded the song for his own album, 1988's "Slow Dance".


Born to Fly (song)

"Born to Fly" is a 2000 song by country singer Sara Evans and is the title track from her third studio album "Born to Fly". It went to number 74 in the United States, number 1 on the Billboard Hot Country Songs charts and number 7 on the Canadian RPM Country Tracks charts.

Viktoria Aschaffenburg

SV Viktoria 01 Aschaffenburg is a German football club based in Aschaffenburg, Bavaria.

SSV Reutlingen 05

SSV Reutlingen 05 is a German football club based in Reutlingen, Baden-Württemberg.

The club was founded as FC Arminia Reutlingen and was renamed SV Reutlingen 1905 in 1910.


Don't Go Breaking My Heart

"Don't Go Breaking My Heart" is a 1976 song by Elton John featuring Kiki Dee. It topped the single charts in the United Kingdom, the United States, New Zealand, Canada, South Africa, Zimbabwe, Ireland, France and Australia and charted poorly in Finland where it only made number 23. In 1994, John remade the song with drag queen RuPaul for his album "Duets".

Davao del Norte

Davao del Norte (; ), officially the Province of Davao del Norte, is a province in the Philippines. It is in the Davao Region in Mindanao. Its capital and largest city is Tagum. In 1998, Davao del Norte was split in two provinces: Davao de Oro and Davao del Norte.

Tagum

Tagum, officially the City of Tagum (; ) is a city in the Philippines. It is the capital of the province of Davao del Norte. In 2020, 296,202 people lived there.

Catanduanes

Catanduanes, officially the Province of Catanduanes (), is an island province in the Philippines. It is in the Bicol Region in Luzon. Its capital is Virac. Previously part of Albay province, it gained provincial autonomy on September 26, 1945. Its population was 260,964 people in the 2015 census, covering an area of 3,915 square kilometers.

Eon Productions

Eon Productions Ltd. is a British company that makes the "James Bond" movie series. The company is based in London's Piccadilly. The company also operates from Pinewood Studios in the United Kingdom.

Tancas serradas a muru

"Tancas serradas a muru" (Sardinian language; "Tancas closed with wall") is a traditional Sardinian folk.
The verses had been composed by the blind poet Melchiorre Murenu, shortly after the entry into force of the "Editto delle chiudende", a legislative provision issued on October 6, 1820. This act authorized the fencing of de facto common land, but subject to collective use, thus expanding the scope of enjoyment of the properties.
These verses have become a folk song. 
The " piece " was very popular on the island and was performed by the various choirs in the manner of canto a tenore. The first choir that recorded it was the "Coro Supramonte" of Orgosolo which, finally, released it in 1974 on an LP for Fonit Cetra.
In 1964 the piece was rewritten by Luciano Berio (and included in the collection Folk Songs) for voice (mezzo-soprano),flute, clarinet, harp, percussion, viola and cello.

"Enclosures closed with walls,"
"made by the grabbers;"
"if heaven were on earth,"
"they would have fenced that too."


Solar neutrino

A solar neutrino is a neutrino originating from nuclear fusion in the Sun's core. It is the most common neutrino to pass through the Earth.

Five Nights at Freddy's (movie)

Five Nights at Freddy's is an 2023 American horror movie directed by Emma Tammi. It's based on the popular video game of the same name, created by Scott Cawthon. The film is produced by Blumhouse Productions and Scott Cawthon Productions. It stars Josh Hutcherson, Elizabeth Lail, Piper Rubio, Mary Stuart Masterson, and Matthew Lillard. The story revolves around a security guard who takes a night job at an old family entertainment center. He soon realizes that the animatronic mascots come to life and pose a deadly threat to anyone remaining after midnight.



2023 NFL season

The 2023 NFL season is the 104th season of the National Football League (NFL). The season began on September 7, 2023, with defending Super Bowl LVII champion Kansas City falling to Detroit in the NFL Kickoff Game, and ended with the Super Bowl LVIII on January 7, 2024. The Kansas City Chiefs won the Super Bowl for the second time in a row, defeating the San Francisco 49ers.

The playoffs are then scheduled to start on January 13, and conclude with Super Bowl LVIII, the league's championship game, at Allegiant Stadium in Paradise, Nevada, on February 11.

Braxton Berrios

Braxton Berrios (born October 6, 1995) is an American football wide receiver for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Miami (FL). He was a star athlete at Leesville Road High School in Raleigh, North Carolina where he played quarterback. He was drafted by the New England Patriots in the sixth round of the 2018 NFL Draft.

Tua Tagovailoa

Tuanigamanuolepola Donny "Tua" Tagovailoa ( ; born March 2, 1998) is an American football quarterback for the Miami Dolphins of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football at Alabama, where he was the Offensive MVP of the 2018 College Football Playoff National Championship during his freshman season and won the Maxwell and Walter Camp Awards as a sophomore.

Tintanga Estate

The Tintanga Estate was a notable zamindari Estate in Bhagalpur division of Bihar.It was one of the prominent zamindar family of Kosi-Bhagalpur division. 
The chieftains of Tintanga had zamindari of Kajha, Dharampur, chausa, Birbas, Bihpur, Gogri, Basetha, Ekchari and Puaraini. which was spread over an area of thousands of acres in the modern-day districts of Madhepura, Munger, Khagaria, Purnea and Bhagalpur.

Babu Santlal Das of Tintanga Estate was a notable zamindar, freedom fighter and one of the founder member of Gop Jatiya Mahasabha which later Merged with All India Yadav Mahasabha. Later on he was succeeded by his Son Babu Maheswari Prasad. The Tintanga Zamindari (Estate) was owned by Majhraut Clan of Yaduvanshi Ahir’s they were of Jaswant Hemti Rai Mool from Dhamaun Deeh Samastipur. Tintanga was one of the largest and respected zamindari estate of Yadav’s in Bihar. The zamindar family of Tintanga had close links with Murho-Ranipatti zamindar Family and all together these families played an important role in upliftment of Yadav community in Bihar and in formation of All India Yadav Mahasabha.


Grethe Fatima Syéd

Grethe Fatima Syéd (born 1 January 1968) is a Norwegian literary scholar, translator and author. Grethe Fatima Syéd has translated fiction from English into Norwegian. She completed her doctorate on Olav Duun. Her first published fiction was the book "Fairy Tales for Adults" (2020). In 2019, she was awarded "the Klassekampen Culture Prize." 

She holds a cand. philol. in Nordic literature from the University of Bergen (2001).  She received her doctorate on Olav Duun's texts from the University of Bergen in 2012. Her doctoral thesis was entitled "Relentless care. Love, suicide, art and transcendence in Olav Duun's fictional world". She is well-known in Norway for her literary criticism. 

Syéd was born in Bergen. Her mother was Norwegian, and her father was from India.  She was married to the author Jon Fosse, the 2023 winner of the Nobel Prize for literature, from 1993 to 2009.

Syéd worked at the University of Bergen for many years. Later, she worked as a freelance writer and literary communicator.

In the period 2018-2023 she was editor of Vidarforlagets Duun publications. 

She is chair of the board of the Torborg Nedreaas Association and a board member of the Olav Duun ring and the Text Alliance.



Mujeeb Ur Rahman

Mujeeb Ur Rahman Zadran (Pashto: مجیب الرحمن ځدراڼ; born 28 March 2001) is an Afghan cricketer, who plays for the Afghanistan national cricket team.
In January 2018, he was bought by the Kings XI Punjab in the 2018 IPL auction. On 8 April 2018, at the age of 17 years and 11 days, he became the youngest cricketer to play in the Indian Premier League. Mujeeb was just 17 years and 11 days old when he made his debut in IPL.

In February 2021, Mujeeb was bought for INR 1.5 crores by the Sunrisers Hyderabad in the IPL auction ahead of the 2021 Indian Premier League.

Clarion, Pennsylvania

Clarion is a borough in and the county seat of Clarion County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is north-northeast of Pittsburgh. Clarion was settled in 1839 and incorporated in 1841. 3,931 people lived here at the 2020 census. The county courthouse and jail were added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1979.

Brookville, Pennsylvania

Brookville is a borough in the U.S. state of Pennsylvania. It is the county seat of Jefferson County.

Richland, Pennsylvania

Richland is a borough in Lebanon County, Pennsylvania. 1,490 people lived here at the 2020 census.

Saint-Martin-d'Armagnac

Saint-Martin-d'Armagnac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Martin-de-Goyne

Saint-Martin-de-Goyne is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Martin-Gimois

Saint-Martin-Gimois is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Maur, Gers

Saint-Maur is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Médard, Gers

Saint-Médard is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Mézard

Saint-Mézard is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Michel, Gers

Saint-Michel is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Mont

Saint-Mont is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Orens

Saint-Orens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Orens-Pouy-Petit

Saint-Orens-Pouy-Petit is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Ost

Saint-Ost is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Viozan

Viozan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Villecomtal-sur-Arros

Villecomtal-sur-Arros is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Paul-de-Baïse

Saint-Paul-de-Baïse is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Viella, Gers

Viella is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Vic-Fezensac

Vic-Fezensac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Verlus

Verlus is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Pierre-d'Aubézies

Saint-Pierre-d'Aubézies is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Vergoignan

Vergoignan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Urgosse

Urgosse is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Urdens

Urdens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tudelle

Tudelle is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Troncens

Troncens is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Traversères

Traversères is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Puy

Saint-Puy is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tourrenquets

Tourrenquets is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tournecoupe

Tournecoupe is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tournan, Gers

Tournan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tourdun

Tourdun is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Toujouse

Toujouse is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saint-Soulan

Saint-Soulan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Touget

Touget is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tirent-Pontéjac

Tirent-Pontéjac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tillac

Tillac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tieste-Uragnoux

Tieste-Uragnoux is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Thoux

Thoux is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Salles-d'Armagnac

Salles-d'Armagnac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Terraube

Terraube is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Termes-d'Armagnac

Termes-d'Armagnac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Samaran

Samaran is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Taybosc

Taybosc is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tasque

Tasque is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tarsac

Tarsac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Tachoires

Tachoires is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sorbets, Gers

Sorbets is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Solomiac

Solomiac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Samatan

Samatan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sirac, Gers

Sirac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sion, Gers

Sion is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sansan, Gers

Sansan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


University of Ulm

The Ulm University () is a public university in Ulm, Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The university was founded in 1967 and focuses on natural sciences, medicine, engineering sciences, mathematics, economics and computer science. It has about 10,300 students. Ulm University is the youngest public university in the state of Baden-Württemberg.


Grigory Zass

Grigory Khristoforovich von Zass (1797–1883; ) was a Russian Imperial general. He commanded Russian cavalry troops in the Napoleonic Wars and Russo-Circassian War. He became well known for his genocidal actions against the Circassians. It was said that he thought they were a "lowly race". He was the founder of the city of Armavir, Russia.

In 2003, the Russian Federation controversially built a statue of him on former Circassian territories where the Circassian genocide happened. This made Circassians and Circassian nationalist establishments very mad.

Zass thought Circassians were not as good as the "European Race," He thought German and Russian people were much better groups of people . He thought that the only way to deal with the Circassians was to scare them away "just like wild animals". He kept a box under his bed with Circassian body parts.

Zass supported using very bad military methods when dealing with Circassians. These included burning people alive, cutting off heads for enjoyment, burning entire villages to the ground, spreading epidemics on purpose, and rape of children.

Colonel Grigory Zass was a major figure in the Circassian genocide. He was involved with ethnic cleansing. The methods he had the soldiers use included methods burning Circassian villages and causing epidemics. It is estimated that 70% of the East Circassian population died in the process.

Zass had Circassian heads cut off. He sent these heads to his friends in Berlin. These friends were professors who used the heads to study anatomy. He also had heads outside of his tent on lances on a hill.

Russian soldiers and Cossacks were paid for sending Circassian heads to Zass. Zass also killed Circasians in large numbers by burning Circassian villages with the people in them. He told the soldiers to rape Circassian women and children.

Zass would pick random Circassian males from the towns he attacked. He would burn the men alive as a form of entertainment. He also had the bellies of pregnant women cut with bayonets.

Zass supported genocidal rape. His soldiers raped Circassian girls during the 1877 Russo-Turkish war.

Zass worked with a German officer in the Russian army named Georg Andreas von Rosen during the genocide against the Circassians. Zass wrote letters to Rosen. In them, he said that he ordered Cossacks to kill Circassian civilians.

Yukiko Ikeda

Yukiko Ikeda is a Japanese archer. She was born on 15 July 1971. Ikeda competed at the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Hiroko Ishizu

Hiroko Ishizu is a Japanese archer and educator. She was born on 8 November 1956. Ishizu competed at the 1984 Summer Olympics.

In 1977, Ishizu represented Japan as the national women's champion at the National Archery Association tournament held at Miami University in Oxford, Ohio.

In 1984, Ishizu participated in the Summer Olympic Games in Los Angeles, competing in the women's individual event. She finished fourth with a total score of 2524 points, despite initially tying for second place in the first round. This marked Japan's first fourth-place finish in Olympic women's archery.

Ishizu also earned a bronze medal in the team event at the 1986 Asian Games.

Yu Ishizu

Yu Ishizu is a Japanese archer. He was born on 8 April 1987. Ishizu competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

In the team competition, Japan won against India in the initial round after a shootout, but then lost to the United States by just one point. As for the individual event, Ishizu was eliminated in the first round, suffering a 7-1 defeat to Simon Terry.

Live in Atlantic City

Live in Atlantic City is a live album by American rock band Heart. The album was released on January 25, 2019.

2024 Green Party presidential primaries

The 2024 Green Party presidential primaries are an upcoming series of elections in order to determine who the presidential nominee of the Green Party will be for the 2024 United States presidential election. The primaries will be concluded at the 2024 Green National Convention.

Kirby: Right Back At Ya!

Kirby: Right Back at Ya!, known in Japan as Hoshi no Kābī (星のカービィ, Kirby of the Stars) 2002 is an anime series based on the Kirby franchise. The series was produced by Warpstar Inc., a company formed between a joint investment between Nintendo and HAL Laboratory, Inc.

Some of the episodes were aired on the Kirby TV Channel for the Wii, running until 15 December 2011. A second run started again in 2012 with additional material such as game trailers. Another service for the Wii titled Wii no Ma aired all 100 episodes in the Theater Room for free.


Epsilon Canis Majoris

Epsilon Canis Majoris, officially known as Adhara, is a binary star system and the second brightest object in the constellation of Canis Major. Its name is a Bayer designation that is Latinised from ε Canis Majoris, and shortened as Epsilon CMa or ε CMa. Adhara is the 22nd brightest star in the night sky with an apparent magnitude of 1.50. About 4.7 million years ago, it was the brightest star in the night sky, with an apparent magnitude of −3.99. Based upon parallax measurements got during the Hipparcos mission, it is about 430 light years away from the Sun.

The two stars are named ε Canis Majoris A, officially named Adhara — the traditional name of the star system, and ε Canis Majoris B.

Lemon (U2 song)

"Lemon" is a 1993 song by Irish rock band U2. It is the second single from their eighth studio album "Zooropa" and went to number 20 in Canada, number 4 in New Zealand, number 6 in Australia, number 1 in Iceland and number 24 in Italy.



Sarcos

Sarcos is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Saramon

Saramon is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sarragachies

Sarragachies is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sarraguzan

Sarraguzan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


La Sauvetat, Gers

La Sauvetat is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sauveterre, Gers

Sauveterre is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sauviac, Gers

Sauviac is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sauvimont

Sauvimont is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Savignac-Mona

Savignac-Mona is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Scieurac-et-Flourès

Scieurac-et-Flourès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Séailles

Séailles is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ségos

Ségos is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Ségoufielle

Ségoufielle is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Seissan

Seissan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sembouès

Sembouès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sémézies-Cachan

Sémézies-Cachan is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sempesserre

Sempesserre is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sère

Sère is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Sérempuy

Sérempuy is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Seysses-Savès

Seysses-Savès is a commune in the Gers department. It is in southwestern France.


Angervilliers

Angervilliers is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Arpajon

Arpajon is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Angélico

Adam Bridle (born 7 May 1987) is a South African professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Angélico. He also wrestles for their sister promotion, Ring of Honor (ROH).

He is also known for his time wrestling in Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA), Lucha Underground and Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG).

On 8 May 2019, it was confirmed that Angélico had signed a contract to be a member of All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

At Double or Nothing on 25 May, Angélico made his AEW in-ring debut. He would team with his The Hybrid2 tag team partner Jack Evans. They would lose to Best Friends (Chuck Taylor and Trent Beretta). At Fight for the Fallen, The Dark Order (Evil Uno and Stu Grayson) would defeat The Hybrid2 and Jurassic Express (Jungle Boy and Luchasaurus) in a three-way tag team match.

On the 8 October debut episode of "Dark", The Hybrid2 teamed with the Lucha Brothers (Fénix and Pentagón Jr.) and the defeated Private Party (Isiah Kassidy and Marq Quen) and Best Friends (Chuck Taylor and Trent) for Angélico's first win in AEW.

On the 19 Feburary episode of "Dynamite", The Hybrid2 would enter a battle royal to determine would would become the number one contenders for the AEW World Tag Team Championships. The match was won by The Young Bucks (Matt and Nick Jackson).

On the 8 September episode of "Dark", Angélico would defeat Griff Garrison to earn his first solo victory in AEW.

On the 7 November episode of "Dynamite", The Hybrid2 would face FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but were defeated.

At Holiday Bash, Angélico teamed with Luther and Serpentico in a team known as Spanish Announce Project. They would compete in the $300,000 Three Kings Christmas Casino Trios Royale but they lost to AR Fox and Top Flight (Dante Martin and Darius Martin).

Arrancourt

Arrancourt is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Authon-la-Plaine

Authon-la-Plaine is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Auvernaux

Auvernaux is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Auvers-Saint-Georges

Auvers-Saint-Georges is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Avrainville, Essonne

Avrainville is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Ballainvilliers

Ballainvilliers is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Ballancourt-sur-Essonne

Ballancourt-sur-Essonne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Baulne

Baulne is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

Bièvres, Essonne

Bièvres is a commune. It is in Île-de-France in the Essonne department in north France.

The name comes from the river Bièvre which flows through the village.

Magic (Bruce Springsteen album)

Magic is the 15th studio album by Bruce Springsteen. It was released on 25 September, 2007 on LP and 2 October, 2007 on CD through Columbia Records. It went to number 1 in the United Kingdom, the United States, Austria, Canada, Norway, Denmark, Ireland, Spain, Italy and Sweden and also made number 2 in New Zealand, the Netherlands and Australia. It was nominated for a Grammy Award in 2008.

Two weeks after the album's initial announcement, which included an eleven-song track listing, "Terry's Song" was added. It is a memorial song for Springsteen's long-time assistant Terry Magovern, who died on July 30, 2007. Some pressings of the CD pre-ordered through Sony Music or other channels did not contain the extra track.

The Definitive Alice Cooper

The Definitive Alice Cooper is a 2001 compilation album by Alice Cooper. It is the international counterpart to his US only "" with a different album cover and slightly different songlist. It went to number 60 in Australia and number 33 in the United Kingdom.

Doing Time on Maple Drive

Doing Time on Maple Drive is a 1992 television drama movie directed by Ken Olin and starring James Sikking, William McNamara, Bibi Besch, Lori Loughlin and early dramatic role for actor Jim Carrey. It was nominated for 3 Primetime Emmy Awards in 1993.


Midland railway line, Perth

The Midland railway line is a suburban railway line in Perth, Australia. It was opened in 1881 as part of the Eastern railway on the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR). The line is a major transport route in Perth, connecting with the four other main Transperth railway lines: Joondalup, Fremantle, Armadale, and Mandurah.

There are a total of 15 stations along the Midland line.

<br>

Fremantle railway line, Perth

The Fremantle railway line is a suburban railway line in Perth, Australia. It was opened in 1881 as part of the Eastern railway on the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR). The line is a major transport route in Perth, connecting with the four other main Transperth railway lines: Joondalup, Midland, Armadale, and Mandurah.

There are a total of 17 stations along the Fremantle line.

<br>

Roana

Roana is a "comune" in the province of Vicenza, Veneto, Italy.

Roana is twinned with:

Pojana Maggiore

Pojana Maggiore is a "comune" in the Province of Vicenza in the Veneto region in Italy.

Pojana Maggiore is twinned with:

Aigrefeuille-d'Aunis

Aigrefeuille-d'Aunis is a commune. It is in Nouvelle-Aquitaine in the Charente-Maritime department in southwest France.

Orzinuovi

Orzinuovi (Brescian: ) is a "comune" in the Province of Brescia in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Berzo Demo

Berzo Demo (Camunian: ) is a comune in Val Camonica, province of Brescia, in Lombardy, northern Italy.

Beregazzo con Figliaro

Beregazzo con Figliaro is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Binago

Binago is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Western Australian Government Railways

The Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) was the primary state-owned rail operator for Western Australia. The WAGR originated from the Department of Works and Railways created to run the Northern Railway between Geraldton and Northampton when it opened in 1879.

In 1890 the Works and Railways department was replaced with the WAGR, which would continue under that name until 1975 when its trading name changed to Westrail until 2000, with the WAGR being taken over by the Public Transport Authority in 2003 under the name Transwa.

In 1986 inner-city suburban lines were handed over to the newly established Transperth. In addition to rail services, the WAGR also operated trams, and ferries and provided electricity during its tenure, being renamed several times to reflect what it was doing.

The history of the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) dates back to 1879 when the Department of Works & Railways was established.
The first railway line operated by WAGR opened on July 26, 1879, connecting Geraldton and Northampton. Subsequently, the Eastern Railway from Fremantle to Guildford via Perth was launched on March 1, 1881. The WAGR chose a narrow gauge of 3 ft 6 in (1,067 mm) to reduce construction costs.
Over the following decades, WAGR expanded its network with main lines and branches to serve Western Australia's wheatbelt. Before road transport became prevalent, the railway network played a vital role in transporting agricultural, forestry, and mining products.
In 1890, the Department of Works & Railways was replaced by the WAGR and the Department of Works & Buildings.
In October 1917, the WAGR network was connected to the rest of mainland Australia through the Commonwealth Railways' Trans-Australian Railway, which used a different standard gauge of 4 ft 8+1⁄2 in (1,435 mm) to reach Kalgoorlie.

Legislation was introduced to limit competition from road transport, primarily during the 1930s to the 1950s, with the Transport Co-ordination Board controlling commercial road traffic.
As road transport expanded, many railway lines closed from 1949. The railway network reached its peak at 6,600 kilometers in 1937, with only one tunnel, the Swan View Tunnel, being constructed.
In the 1950s, many branches closed due to maintenance needs, aging rolling stock, and financial losses. Although 1,320 kilometers of the network were closed in 1956/57, 275 kilometers were later reopened on a seasonal basis.
During the late 1960s, gauge conversion allowed trains from eastern states to operate on the Eastern and Eastern Goldfields lines between Perth and Kalgoorlie. Diesel locomotives replaced steam locomotives in March 1972.
In the late 20th century, the removal of restrictions on road transport competition shifted WAGR from a customer-oriented system to primarily a main line bulk carrier operation. This resulted in the closure of facilities in smaller communities, except for the wheatbelt, where bulk grain handling continued despite the changes.

Listed in chronological order of service entry with subclasses.




"Note: This section is incomplete."
Listed in alphabetical order, with subclasses in chronological order below.

"Note: This section is incomplete."


Oltrona di San Mamette

Oltrona di San Mamette is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Bizzarone

Bizzarone is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Castelnuovo Bozzente

Castelnuovo Bozzente is a "comune" in the Province of Como in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Malnate

Malnate is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Venegono Inferiore

Venegono Inferiore is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Venegono Superiore

Venegono Superiore is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Azzate

Azzate is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Bedero Valcuvia

Bedero Valcuvia is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Albizzate

Albizzate is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Barasso

Barasso is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Bardello

Bardello is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Biandronno

Biandronno is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Bisuschio

Bisuschio is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Brebbia

Brebbia is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy. It has church called St. Peter and Paul.

Brenta, Lombardy

Brenta is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Brezzo di Bedero

Brezzo di Bedero is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Brinzio

Brinzio is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Brunello, Lombardy

Brunello is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Buguggiate

Buguggiate is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Transwa

Transwa is a public regional rail and coach transport operator in Western Australia. It was launched in 2003 to replace the Western Australian Government Railways Commission.

Major destinations along Transwa routes include Bunbury, Geraldton, Albany, and Kalgoorlie. Transwa is run by the Public Transport Authority (PTA). There are four named trains operated by Transwa; Australind, AvonLink, MerredinLink, and The Prospector. Along with the trains, 16 coach services are offered.

Cadrezzate con Osmate

Cadrezzate con Osmate is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy. It was created in 2019 from the former municipalities of Cadrezzate and Osmate.

Cadrezzate

Cadrezzate was a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Since 2019, the former municipalities of Cadrezzate and Osmate merged to form the new municipality of Cadrezzate con Osmate.

Osmate

Osmate was a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Since 2019, the former municipalities of Cadrezzate and Osmate merged to form the new municipality of Cadrezzate con Osmate.

Casale Litta

Casale Litta is a "comune" in the Province of Varese in the Lombardy region in Italy.

Public Transport Authority (Western Australia)

The Public Transport Authority (PTA) is an Australian statutory body. It controls all public transport in Western Australia for the state government.

The PTA was created in 2003 under the "Public Transport Authority Act 2003." It operates ferry, bus, and train services in Perth asTransperth. It also runs coach and rail services in more regional areas under Transwa.

Along with Transwa and Transperth brands, several other local bus services operate under their own brands. These include:

The PTA created the SmartRider smartcard in 2007. It give people a quick way to pay for public transportation.

Alabama River

The Alabama River is a river in the southeastern United States, flowing through Alabama before emptying into the Gulf of Mexico. It's formed by the Tallapoosa and Coosa Rivers.

Te Deum (Charpentier)

Te Deum is probably the best-known work of Marc-Antoine Charpentier. It sets the Te Deum in music. It is a Grand Motet, and is written in D major. It is a motet for soloists, choir, and orchestra. It was written to be peformed for the court of Louis XIV, towards the end of the 17th century. At the time, Charpentier was Kapellmeister at the Church Saint-Paul-Saint-Louis in Paris; he was responsible for the music that was played there. The Te Deum was probably composed to commemorate the Battle of Steenkerque of 1692, or the Treaty of Turin, of 1695. After the Second World War, the European Broadcasting Union selected the first eight measures of the prelude to serve as jingle for Eurovision.

Charpentier probably wrote six different versions of the "Te Deum". Four of these are still known. The best known is H.146, There is H.145 for eight voices, H.147 and H.148 for four voices each.

Kalidas Nag

Kalidas Nag (16 January 1892 – 9 November 1966) was an Indian historian, writer, author and parliamentarian. He served as the Member of Rajya Sabha, the upper house of India's parliament from 1952 to 1954.

Kalidas Nag was born to Babu Matilal Nag and married Santa Devi, who was the daughter of Ramananda Chatterjee, a famous journalist and editor. They had three daughters.
Kalidas Nag graduated in history from the Scottish Church College and completed a postgraduate degree from the University of Calcutta. He also received a doctorate from the University of Paris. He used to teach history at the Scottish Church College and the University of Calcutta. He was honored as an Officer d’Academic by the Government of France. In the 1920s, he supported the French contributions to Tagore's university project in Santiniketan, and he later edited several books on Indian culture.
He translated many pieces of writing, including works by Rabindranath Tagore, into the French language. Nag also authored numerous historical works. He had a close friendship with the French writer Romain Rolland.

Instanton

Instantons are like shortcuts in the world of sub atomic particles. They're important in quantum physics and field theory because they represent special solutions to certain equations that sub atomic particles can follow to reach their destinations faster than might otherwise be expected. It's as if sub atomic particles can instantly teleport from one point to another, but magical as they sound , these teleportation-like movements are allowed by the rules of quantum physics.

Enheduanna

Enheduanna (born Birth name disputed; 23rd century BC) was a Akkadian priestess and poetess who is best known for writing her only known work, "The Exaltation of Inanna", from a first person perspective. She is also much less known for being the first known priestess in the Akkadian Empire. She is celebrated as the first known person to write from a first person perspective. She is often mistakenly thought to be the first known writer.
Enheduanna was the daughter of Sargon of Akkad, who was the emperor and the founder of the Akkadian Empire. Her real birth name is rather disputed. When she grew up, Enheduanna became the priestess of the Akkadian Empire (She was the first known priestess in the Akkadian Empire), in which she likely inherited the title "Enheduanna". Enheduanna was the priestess of the godess Nanna. Enheduanna was highly likely not her birth name. Given her role as a priestess to the godess Nanna, Enheduanna would have served as the embodiment of Ningal, who was said to be the spouse of Nanna. This would have given her actions divine authority. Modern-day archaeologists never found out what were the duties of Akkadian priests and/or priestesses.

Towards the end of the reign of Narām-Sîn, Sargon of Akkad's grandson, numerous former city-states began to rebel against the Akkadian Empire. Probably around several decades before that, according to Enheduanna's poem "The Exaltation of Inanna", a person by the name of Lugal-Ane became the new ruler of Ur. As the new ruler, Lugal-Ane, believing that Nanna was not a proper or right goddess, and made her an unofficial god of the city. Lugal-Ane probably went to Enheduanna (being the priestess) and probably demanded to her that he be crowned official ruler of Ur. When she refused, Enheduanna was suspended from her job as a priestess and was expelled from Ur. According to ancient temple records, Enheduanna later found refuge in Ĝirsu. Enheduanna most likely wrote the poem dedicated to Inanna, to intervene on the behalf of the Akkadian Empire, and to put an end to the rule and rebellion of Lugal-Ane. At last, Narām-Sîn put an end to the rule and rebeilion of Lugal-Ane and other kings, and restored the Akkadian Empire in the remaining years of his reign. It has been suggested that when Enheduanna learned that Nāram-Sîm put an end to the rule and rebellion of Lugal-Ane and other kings and restored the Akkadian Empire, she may have returned back to Ur, and may have resumed to her role as a priestess.

Hiroshi Kajikawa

Hiroshi Kajikawa is a retired archer from Japan. He was born on 3 March 1949. Kajikawa competed at the 1972 Summer Olympics.

Burmese cat

The Burmese cat is a breed of cat. Burmese are divided into two groups, British Burmese and American Burmese. Life expectancy of Burmese can reach 16-18 years.

In the early 1930s, Dr. Joseph Thompson of San Francisco imported a dark brown female cat from Burma named Wong Mau. At that time in the United States, there was no cat breed similar to Wong Mau. Eventually, Wong Mau was crossed with Siamese. Subsequently, new breed kittens were born that had characteristics like Siamese. This crossbreed type was later developed as the Tonkinese.

Burmese is medium-bodied, heavy and muscular cat, weighing around 4-6 kg. The Burmese has a round, curved head and medium-sized, wide, pointed ears. The eyes are round and wide, with a golden yellow eye color. The tail is straight and of medium length. The coat is short, soft and glossy.

Burmese are less aggressive, kind, friendly and adaptable cats. Burmese are also easy to train, and can live with other pets. Burmese have a voice similar to Siamese, but Burmese are softer and sweeter. Burmese always want to get carried away with human activities. Burmese are not happy if left alone in the house for long periods of time. According to CFA research, Burmese that are often left in the house alone will become disobedient to their owners.


Yukari Kawasaki

Yukari Kawasaki is an archer from Japan. She was born on 14 December 1976. Kawasaki competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Yuki Kawata

Yuki Kawata is a Japanese archer. He was born on 16 June 1997. Kawata competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Skaugum

Skaugum is an estate. Haakon VI of Norway and Mette-Marit lives there. It is in Asker, Norway which is away from Oslo. The estate is big, of it are farms.

The estate belonged to a church in the Middle Ages. Many people owned it over the years, but in 1909 Fritz Wedel Jarlsberg bought it. Then, when Crown Prince Olav and Crown Princess Märtha got married in 1929, Wedel-Jarlsberg sold it to them. In 1937, Prince Harald was born there.

The house that Wedel-Jarlsberg had, which looked like a Swiss chalet, burned down in 1930. An architect named Arnstein Arneberg built a new one on the same spot, using the old foundations. They used stone to build it, so it wouldn't catch fire again.

During World War II, Nazi soldiers stayed at Skaugum. Then, the estate became the official home of a man named Reichskommissar Josef Terboven in June 1940. After Hitler died, Terboven lost his job and killed himself there in 1945.

In 1968, King Olav V gave the estate as a wedding gift to his son, King Harald V, and his wife, Crown Princess Sonja. The King moved to the Royal Palace in Oslo. King Harald did the same thing, giving the estate to his son, Crown Prince Haakon, and his wife, Crown Princess Mette-Marit, when they got married in 2001.

Skaugum is different from the Royal Palace because it's privately owned by the royal family. It's not open to the public. Like other royal homes in Norway, there are Royal Guards there to protect it.

Adolf Huber

Adolf Huber (5 March 1923 - February 1994) was an Austrian football player. He won the Austrian championship three times with FK Austria Wien. He is, with 151 goals, the clubs` third-best league scorer till today. He also played for the Austrian national football team.
Huber started in the Rapid youth team and Straßenbaahn Wien. On 23 January 1939, the day of Sindelar's death, he came to FK Austria Wien. His debut in the Austria team was successful on 26 July 1941 with seven goals in a friendly match against Helfort. He was drafted into the Wehrmacht in April 1942 and was initially stationed in Klagenfurt and from September 1942 on at the front in northeastern Europe. He played regularly for Austria from July 1941 to April 1942. From 1943 onwards he played in individual games again, but only until autumn. Then he moved to LSV Markersdorf.

After the liberation from National Socialism, Austria Wien formed a successful attack formation with Ernst Stojaspal, Ernst Melchior, Lukas Aurednik, Fritz Kominek and Adolf Huber. The Austrian championship was won in 1949, 1950 and 1953 and the ÖFB Cup was won twice .

After Dolfi Huber had rarly played in 1946/47 and 1948/49 due to injury, his career seemed to be over again in 1954. He ultimately retired from football in 1957.
Huber played 13 matches for the Austrian national football team. He scored 10 goals. His first match was on 22 May 1949 versus Italy. His last one was on 25 March 1953 versus Ireland.
Huber managed 1. Wiener Neustädter SC, where he won the B league as coach in 1958/59 and was promoted to the A league with the club for the first time. In 1962 he took over FC Wien which he looked after for six years and led it back into the then second division, the Regionalliga East. Following FC Wien he returned to Austria Wien. He was active there in youth work. 



Hiba Abu Nada

Hiba Kamal Abu Nada (Arabic: هبة كمال أبو ندى) (24 June 1991 – 20 October 2023) was a Palestinian poet, novelist, nutritionist and Wikimedian.

In October 2017, She won the Sharjah Award for Arab Creativity (Second Place) at its 20th session for her novel titled "al-Uksujīn laysa lil-mawtā" (‘Oxygen is not for the dead,’ Arabic: الأكسجين ليس للموتى). The same month she was honoured by the Palestinian Ministry of Culture for winning the Sharjah Award.

She posted for the last time on 8 October 2023, when she wrote"Gaza’s night is dark apart from the glow of rockets, quiet apart from the sound of the bombs, terrifying apart from the comfort of prayer, black apart from the light of the martyrs. Good night, Gaza."
On 20 October 2023, at the age of 32, she was killed during an airstrike attack fired by Israeli Air Force (IAF) on her home during the 2023 Israel–Hamas war.


LSV Markersdorf

LSV (Luftwaffensportverein) Markersdorf was a football club in Austria (then Ostmark) during the time of Nazi occupation. 
The club was founded in 1939. In the 1941/42 season the club played in the Gauliga Niederdonau. The championship was decided at the time using the knockout system. After MSV Brünn was defeated 2-1 in the semi-finals and 1. Wiener Neustädter SC 5-3 in the final, the team qualified for the promotion games to the the highest league in Eastern Mark at the time . LSV lost both games against the champions of the two Vienna 1st classes SG Reichsbahn Wien and Wiener AC. 

At that time, the air force base also served as a “reception camp” for enlisted football players. They were transferred there by their parent clubs. Austrian team players like Karl Durspekt (SK Admira Wien), Karl Sesta (Austria Wien), Lukas Aurednik (Rapid Wien), Adolf Huber (Austria Wien), Max Merkel (Wiener Sport-Club) and German team players like Walter Dzur (Dresden SC), Paul Zielinski (Hamborn 07) and Hiltrop (Hannover 96). With the class that these players brought with them, the rise of LSV Markersdorf was inevitable.

In the game for the title in the Gauliga Niederdonau 1942/43, LSV Wiener Neustadt was defeated in the semifinals and RSG Wiener Neustadt in the final. In the promotion games to the Gauliga Donau-Alpenland, the Luftwaffe athletes met the Styrian champions Kapfenberger SC and the Carinthian champions Villacher SV. With a goal difference of 18:6 with three wins and only one defeat, they were promoted to the highest East Mark league. There they achieved a sensational sixth place in 1943/44, ahead of clubs like SK Rapid Vienna and Wacker Vienna. Due to the war, more and more players had to do military service. So the club had to withdraw from the league at the end of the season and was dissolved. After the war a new club (SC Markersdorf) was founded on 5 November 1945 which still plays in the lower clases of Lower Austria.

Palestinian Ministry of Culture

The Palestinian Ministry of Culture is a government organization. It is in charge of encouraging and promoting cultural activities in Palestine. 

It began in 1994 after the Oslo Accords acknowledged the Palestinian Authority's authority in the occupied territories. 

Atef Abu Saif is the current Minister of Culture in Palestine.

Only the Strong Survive

Only the Strong Survive is the 21st studio album by Bruce Springsteen. It was released on 11 November, 2022 through Columbia Records. It went to number 8 in the United States and Canada, number 2 in the United Kingdom, Ireland, Italy, Belgium, Spain and Portugal and number 1 in Scotland, Norway, Sweden, Germany, the Netherlands, Switzerland and Austria and it is a covers album.

Live Like Horses

"Live Like Horses" is a 1996 song by Elton John featuring Luciano Pavarotti. It was the second track from his 21st studio album "The Big Picture" and went to number 9 in the United Kingdom and number 74 in the Netherlands.

Europe CD 1

Europe CD 2

AM Radio (song)

"AM Radio" is a 2000 song by Everclear and is the second single from their fourth studio album "". It went to number 78 in the United Kingdom, number 76 in Scotland, number 32 in New Zealand and number 15 on the Billboard Alternative Airplay.

UK CD single

Australian CD single

Lise Baron

Lise Baron is a French documentary filmmaker. She lives in Nantes.

After studying ancient history, Lise Baron worked as a production manager and literary director for various documentary production companies. Later, she transitioned into directing. Her first film, "Students, All to the Factory! - Journeys of Working-Class Maoists," was made in 2018. In this documentary, she interviewed former Parisian students who, after the events of May 1968, went to work in factories.

In 2020, she co-directed a documentary with Aurélien Bonnet on medically assisted reproduction. Given that both Lise Baron and Aurélien Bonnet had personal experiences with assisted reproduction, they explored their own journey and compared it to that of several other couples.

In 2021, she completed her fifth documentary, focusing on Marguerite Duras as a writer while also delving into her role as a filmmaker and the political aspects of her character.


WAGR A class

The WAGR A class were a class of 13 steam locomotives designed by Beyer, Peacock & Coy of Manchester, England for the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR), who operated them from 1880 to 1955.

The A class were 2-6-0+T "mogul" type tender locomotives initially used on the Eastern railway from Fremantle to Guildford on mainline passenger duties, though over the years they became relegated to lighter goods work and shunting. All but one of the 13 total A class were built by Beyer, Peacock & Coy; the sole outlier being built by Dübs & Coy.

The first A class was imported to Western Australia by contractor John Robb for use in constructing the first section of the Eastern Railway in 1880. Two of the A class survive in preservation today, No. 11 is on display at Bassendean Railway Museum under the care of Rail Heritage W.A., and the other No. 15 is under restoration in Victoria.

British Union of Fascists

The British Union of Fascists (BUF) was a political group in the United Kingdom. It started in 1932 and was led by Oswald Mosley. They wanted to have a strong government with a lot of power and did not like democracy.


The BUF was not liked by many people. They got into fights with others who did not agree with them. In 1936, the British government made laws to stop them from doing some things.

When World War II started, the BUF stopped being active. The government put Mosley and other important BUF members in jail because they thought they might help the enemy. After the war, the BUF disappeared, and most people did not like their ideas anymore.

The BUF is remembered as a group that believed in strict and powerful government, and for not liking Jewish people. Many people today think that their ideas were wrong.

The BUF has appeared in movies, books, and TV shows. These stories show how the BUF was seen during their time.


Roger Brocksom

Major Roger Sidney Brocksom (9 November 1919 – 26 May 2001) was an English engineer and soldier. He became well-known as the husband of the actress June Spencer, whom he married during World War II.

Roger Sidney Brocksom was born in Grimsby, Humberside, England on 9 November 1919, as the elder of two children to Gertrude Mary (née Benton; 1890–1970) and Sidney John Brocksom (1981–1962), a schoolmaster. His younger sister was Beryl Mary Everett (née Brocksom; 1924–1996).

Brocksom attended the University of Nottingham.

Brocksom had "other girlfriends" in his youth.

Brocksom began his career as an engineer.

Brocksom was drafted to the British Army on 23 November 1941. His military regiment number was 217493. He held the rank of a Second Lieutenant. He served in Northern Ireland. He was posted to India and Burma for three year and four months in February 1943, where he was upgraded to a Major. He would frequently write to his new bride. He returned home at the end of May 1946. He remained in the Army for another year, stationed at Devizes. He was demobbed after six years of service.

Brocksom found work at the London office of Palmers Hepburn, with six months training in Newcastle.

Brocksom met June Spencer, an actress, while on holiday in Chapel-St-Leonards, Lincolnshire in 1936, both aged 17. The couple got engaged with their banns being read in Armagh Cathedral, while he was on leave from serving in Northern Ireland, and were married in Nottingham, Nottinghamshire on 27 May 1942, by Bishop Neville Talbolt. He proposed by asking: "How would you feel about being married to a Second Lieutenant?", to which she replied: "I wouldn't mind if it was you". They adopted two children through the Surrey County Council; a son David, a dancer, in 1952, and a daughter Rosalind "Ros", a council worker, two-and-a-half years later.

Brocksom resided in a bungalow in Leatherhead, Surrey until his death. His first marital home was in Worcester Park. He previously lived in Sutton, Cheam and Esher. He owned a second home, named Casa Ruisenor, in Menorca, Spain, which he purchased in April 1972.

Brocksom joined the Round Table - the under-40s part of Rotary - in 1954.

Brocksom was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 1992. Eventually, his only memories were of his wartime service in Burma. He had a series of transient ischemic attacks (TIAs) one day and was taken to the hospital. He had a stroke and was admitted to hospital while on holiday in Menorca on 7 November 2000. The couple enjoyed an afternoon in their back garden on 25 May 2001, two days prior to their 59th wedding anniversary, his wife said: "It's such a lovely day, let's have lunch in the garden!", he kept repeating: "Isn't this lovely? What a lovely lunch!".

Brocksom died from a stroke with complications from Alzheimer's disease in Leatherhead, Surrey on 26 May 2001, the day before his 59th wedding anniversary. He was 81. His obituary was published by "The Daily Telegraph" on 28 May. He was buried in the churchyard in his back garden.

Brocksom's son, David, died from a massive internal hemorrhage with complications from alcoholism in Nuremberg, Germany on 2 November 2006. He was 55. He was cremated in Germany, bought back to England and was buried in their churchyard beside his father.

Brocksom's battle with Alzheimer's disease was the semi-inspiration behind the early 2000s "The Archers" storyline which saw Jack Archer, the husband of his wife's character, Peggy, showing the symptoms and eventually being diagnosed.

Brocksom's churchyard grave was the location for an episode of the BBC Television religious programme "Songs of Praise".

Dauwa Ahirs

The Dauwa Ahirs or Dauwa Yadavs are a Clan of Ahir/Yadavs found in the Bundelkhand region which was the ancient Cedi Kingdom. They are also known as Dau, Dauwa, Doa or Daua. They are also addressed as Dau Sahab or Thakur Sahab due to their power and influence in Bundelkhand.

The Dauwa Ahirs claim descent from Balarama (the half-brother of Krishna) and 12th Century Ahir warriors Alha and Udal. 

They ruled a estate in the Bundelkhand Agency i.e., the Naigaon-Rebai State during British India. In Mediaeval era, they served as important generals and commanders in the army of the ruling clans such as, the Chandelas or the Bundelas. They actively participated in wars along with them. In Prithviraj-Raso, a Dau warrior named Dongar Singh Dauwa is mentioned who is fighting along with Udal.

Karangasem Regency

Karangasem is a regency in the province of Bali, Indonesia The capital is Amlapura it was two ports, namely Padang Bai and Tanah Ampo. In this district is located in bali.

WAGR B class

The WAGR B class were a total of 11 steam locomotives built in three batches in 1884 - 1886 and 1898, being operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) until 1959.

The B class was a 4-6-0T type tank engine built by Kitson & Coy of Leeds, England and Dübs & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland originally for use on the Guildford to Chidlow section of the Eastern Railway which was rather steep. With the arrival of the K class onto the Eastern Railway in 1903, the B class were relegated to shunting duties until their withdrawal.

The first batch was built in 1884 by Kitson comprising two locos, the second by Dübs in 1885/86 comprising three locos, and the last batch was built in 1898 by Kitson comprising six locos with enlarged water tanks for greater capacity. All B class locomotives were scrapped.

WAGR C class (1880)

The WAGR C class were a total of 2 steam locomotives built in 1880 by Robert Stephenson & Coy for use by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The C class were originally built for the Eastern Railway as 0-6-0 saddle tanks and were intended to operate the first services on the Eastern Railway upon its opening on the 1 of March in 1881. However, neither No. 1 nor 2 were ready, though No. 1 entered service the day after the opening from Fremantle workshops where they were assembled.

Originally they featured no bunkers with fuel being stored in the cab, later bunkers were added. From the start, the two engines were considered poor quality and after an accident known as the Cape Horn crash (near Boya) caused by braking failure and inadequate safety precautions, No. 1 was rebuilt with tender and vacuum brakes in 1887 with No. 2 following shortly.

After their rebuilds, both locos were reallocated to Spencers Brook in order to run services to York, Beverley and Northam. No. 1 was sold in 1899 to the timber industry and named "Katie", it was preserved in 1956 and has been on display at the Bassendean Railway Museum (Rail Heritage W.A.) since 1970. No. 2 was sold into the timber industry in 1902 and later named "Nevada", being scrapped in 1969.

WAGR D class (1884)

The WAGR D class was a single-member class steam locomotive numbered 6 and operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The D class was built by the Hunslet Engine Coy of Leeds, England in 1884. It was built to shunt on Fremantle Long Jetty, where it operated until 1897 when upon completion of the inner harbour at Fremantle the Long Jetty stopped being utilised. In 1903 it was sold to the Leonora tramway and operated there until the tramway became electrified in 1908. No. 6 was sold to Bunning Bros. for use in the timber industry, it was scrapped in 1956.

During its service with Bunning Bros., the saddle tank was removed and a tender added, this tender is allegedly displayed in Boddington.

WAGR E class (1879)

The WAGR E class were two steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The E class were double-fairlie side tank locomotives built in 1879 by the Avonside Engine Coy of Bristol, England for the Northern Railway which ran from Geraldton to Northampton and was the first government railway in Western Australia. However, the Northern Railway didn't require them due to declines in mineral traffic so they were stored.

The first finally entered service in 1881 and the other in 1885, both were then transferred to the Eastern Railway in 1888, with one-half of No. 20 being rebuilt at Fremantle Workshops into a 2-4-2 side tank engine designated the F class, the other became a stationary engine within the workshops complex.

The other E class, No. 7 was sold to the timber industry in 1895 to Canning Jarrah Timber Coy to be used on the Upper Darling Range Railway. No. 7 was scrapped in 1897, with its side tanks recycled as the tender of another locomotive, and other components were used on log haulers.

List of United States senators from Alabama

Alabama was allowed to the Union on December 14, 1819. The state elects U.S. senators to class 2 and class 3. Its United States Senate seats were formally said to be open from March 1861 to July 1868 due to it leaving the Union during the American Civil War. Richard Shelby is Alabama's longest serving senator (served 1987–2023). Alabama's current U.S. senators are Republicans Tommy Tuberville (since 2021) and Katie Britt (since 2023).
! rowspan=21 | 1
! rowspan=2 | 1

! rowspan=2 | 2

! 3

! 4

! rowspan=3 | 5

! rowspan=3 | 6

! 7

! rowspan=3 | 8

! rowspan=6 | 9

! rowspan=5 | 2

! rowspan=6 | 10

! rowspan=2 | 3

! rowspan=4 | 4

! rowspan=7 | 11

! rowspan=5 | 5

! rowspan=2 | 6
! rowspan=6 | 12

! rowspan=3 | 7

! rowspan=19 | 8

! 13

! 14

! rowspan=9 | 15

! rowspan=8 | 16

! rowspan=11 | 9

! rowspan=4 | 17

! 18

! rowspan=9 | 19

! 10

! rowspan=6 | 11

! rowspan=6 | 20

! rowspan=10 | 12

! 21

! rowspan=20 | 22

! 13

! rowspan=20 | 14

! rowspan=5 | 23

! 24

! rowspan=2 | 25

! rowspan=11 | 15

! rowspan=4 | 26

! rowspan=21 | 27

! rowspan=11 | 16

! 17

! rowspan=2 | 18

! rowspan=3 | 19

! rowspan=3| 28


Serapis flag

The Serapis flag was a flag designed by Dutch supporters of the American Revolution in order to make sure that "Serapis", a ship led by John Paul Jones during the American Revolution, would not be flagged down and held by the Dutch government as a pirate flag.

The "Serapis" was designed in 1778 in England, and was soon taken by American vessels during the Revolution. In 1781, the ship was given to the French, and it was lost off the coast of Madagascar. John Paul Jones got control of the ship during the war, and used it to steal resources and materials from the British from coast towns.

Brett Cooper

Brett Cooper (b. 12 October 2001) is an American political commentator, YouTuber and actress. She works for The Daily Wire. Cooper is the host of "The Comments Section with Brett Cooper" on YouTube.

Cooper was born in 2001. She has said that when her mother told her father she was pregnant he wanted her to get an abortion but she said no. Cooper also said that when she was a child her parents didn’t let her watch Disney movies. When she was 5 years old, Cooper became an actress.

When she was 15 Cooper had herself “emancipated” meaning that she was legally not her parents’ responsibility anymore.

Cooper was on Broadway until she was 10 and got a lot taller. Cooper still played someone in the movie Parental Guidance. When she was 13, Cooper played Jessica, a girl who likes fencing in Gortimer Gibbon. When she was 15, Cooper played the main character in a short film. She also played a policeman's daughter in the television show Shots Fired. 

In 2018, Cooper played a character called Trailer Parker (who is bullied for being poor) in the television show Heathers.

Cooper stopped acting in Hollywood after she chose not to get the Vaccine for COVID-19 and she instead started to write right-wing political commentary for the Foundation for Economic Education, Prager University, and Turning Point USA. She then started working for Ben Shapiro at The Daily Wire and got her own podcast called The Comments Section with Brett Cooper.

After the Daily Wire created its own Streaming Service called Daily Wire Plus or DW+ then, Cooper started acting for them in their television show The Pendragon Cycle about King Arthur and playing Snow White in their Movie Snow White and the Evil Queen.

Mark Leschinsky

Mark Leschinsky is an American student and activist who has gained recognition in the entertainment industry for his notable contributions to the fields of education, youth filmmaking, and invention.
As of 2020, Leschinsky attends the Bergen County Academies (Hackensack, New Jersey). 

Leschinsky is most known for founding the Student World Impact Film Festival or SWIFF, a student film festival that does not charge submission fees and which prioritizes underrepresented students. Since December 2020, Leschinsky led his organization to spotlight 12,156 young filmmakers from 149 countries.

In 2023, Leschinsky's leadership and humanitarian work led him to receive from the British Royal Family along with being named a Prudential Emerging Visionary by Prudential Financial. In 2024, Leschinsky was named a Coca-Cola Scholar by The Coca-Cola Company.

In late 2023, Leschinsky became an advisor to a number of socially-driven organizations, including UNICEF at the United Nations, Nickelodeon, PBS, and the Association of Children's Museums. As a young advisor, he provides organizations with input on expanding their programs focused on youth agency and change-making.

In 2014, to protect healthcare workers fighting the Ebola epidemic in Africa, Leschinsky developed a novel design for a hazmat suit, which was self-disinfecting. In 2015, he was inducted into the National Gallery for America's Young Inventors at the National Museum of Education in Akron, Ohio for his design. Leschinsky received a United States Patent for the "Self Disinfecting Protective Garment" in 2016 (patent number US9392824B1). In 2023, a second Patent was received for a "Wearable Air Sterilizer with Slidable Face Shield" (patent number D986510).

Taloja

Taloja is a census town in Raigad district of Navi Mumbai city in the Indian state of Maharashtra.

Taloja is divided into two phases by CIDCO, they are named as Phase I and Phase II. Furthermore each phase is divided into sectors. Both the phases are connected through a small bridge. The city also has a river namely Taloja river which runs between Phase I and Phase II. The population of Taloja rises at a fast pace because of its proximity to industrial and educational areas such as Taloje MIDC and Kharghar. As per 2001 Indian census, the population in the city was 10,858 people. In 2016, The population is estimated to be around 30,000 according to Times of India.

George Ellicott

George Ellicott (1760–1832) was a son of Andrew Ellicott. With his two Quaker brothers, he founded Ellicott's Mills (now named Ellicott City), Maryland. He was a mathematician, an amateur astronomer, a younger cousin of surveyor Major Andrew Ellicott and a friend of Benjamin Banneker. He was the father of Martha Ellicott Tyson (September 13, 1795 – March 5, 1873), who became an Elder of the Quaker Meeting in Baltimore. He was an abolitionist and women's rights advocate, the author of a biography of Benjamin Banneker, a founder of Swarthmore College and an inductee to the Maryland Women's Hall of Fame. 

After the American Revolution, George Ellicott bought swampland now known as the Inner Harbor of Baltimore. He used a horse drawn dredge to build docks there for his flour supplies.

The stone home he built in 1789 and lived in for forty years is near the Patapsco River in Oella, Maryland. It was moved from its original location to higher ground across the street in 1983.

In 1806, Chief Little Turtle of the Miami people, Chief of the Rusheville people, Beaver Crow of the Delawares, Chiefs of the Shawanese, and the chief Raven of the Potowatomies went to his home while returning from a visit to Washington, D.C.

London Underground 1973 Stock

The 1973 Tube Stock is the electric multiple unit (train) used on the Piccadilly line of the London Underground. It was introduced into service 1975 with the extension of the line to Hatton Cross. Another extension was constructed to Heathrow Central in 1977. A total of 86 six-car trains were made. The trains were built by Metro-Cammell.

Papal appointment

The pope has always been selected by a council of Church Fathers. This is known as papal appointment. In modern days, there is the papal conclave. Senior church officials meet, and discuss abut a new pope. One of the people attending the conclave will become the new pope. Certain rulers also had the right to propose one or more candidates, which would usually get elected. 
Ayşegül Atik

Ayşegül Atik ,(also known as Mürşide Ayşegül Arsoy 11 December 1948, Ankara - 9 June 2020, Muğla ) was a Turkish cinema and TV series actress , director, screenwriter and theater actress. 

Atık was born on December 11, 1948 in Ankara . Her real name is Mürşide Ayşegül Arsoy. She graduated from Ankara State Conservatory, Department of Theatre. She studied in the same class with names such as Füsun Demirel , Defne Yalnız and Sema Çeyrekbaşı . She took part in plays such as "Gömü" , "Ezgiler Ezgisi" , "Criminal Code" , "Yollar Tükendi" at the State Theater . \

She left the State Theater in 1978, and worked in various companies. She took part in various sketches with her ex-husband Ali Atik and Levent Kırca when TRT was the only channel. Later, she starred in various TV series such as "En Son Babalar Duyar ." Most recently, she worked as a lecturer in the Department of Acting at Near East University . 

Atik died on 9 June 2020, in Bodrum, at the age of 71, due to a heart attack. She had been treated for cancer for a long time.  After her funeral prayer at Erenköy Galippaşa Mosque in Istanbul , she was buried in Başıbüyük Cemetery .

Killers of the Flower Moon (movie)

Killers of the Flower Moon is a 2023 American epic revisionist Western crime drama movie. It was directed and produced by Martin Scorsese. Scorsese wrote the screenplay for the movie with Eric Roth. The movie is based on the 2017 book of the same name by David Grann.



2023 Swiss federal election

Federal elections were held in Switzerland on 22 October 2023 to elect all members of the National Council and Council of States. The elections will be followed by elections to the Federal Council, Switzerland's collective government and presidency, on 13 December.

The Swiss People's Party (SVP), which was in favour of Energy Security and against immigration, did well in the elections. Meanwhile, the Green and Green Liberal Parties didn't perform well.

The SVP part which had campaigned heavily by opposing migration, performed strongly.

Antonov

Antonov is a state-owned aeronautics company that started in Novosibirsk, Russia in 1952, and then it was transferred to Kyiv, Ukraine. After the collapse of the Soviet Union the ownership was transferred to the Ukrainian Defense Industry. In the 20th century it produced many iconic airplanes such as the Antonov AN-225 Mriya, Antonov AN-124 Ruslan, Antonov AN-2, and the Antonov AN-22. Russian troops briefly seized its airport in Hostomel in the 2022 invasion of Ukraine.

Comrade Automotive

Comrade Automotive, often referred to simply as Comrade, is an automotive product and technology development brand established in 2022. Headquartered in Chennai, Tamil Nadu, India, the company is actively engaged in various segments of the automobile sector.

Comrade is also expanding into producing its own branded motorcycle products and accessories, designed especially for high-performance bikes. This expansion demonstrates the company's commitment to innovation in the ever-evolving automotive industry.
2100s

The 2100s is a decade in the Anno Domini and Common Era in the Gregorian calendar. It will begin on January 1, 2100 and end on December 31, 2109. It is distinct from the decade known as the 211th decade which will begin on January 1, 2101 and end on December 31, 2110.

Come Fly with Me (2010 TV series)

Come Fly with Me is a British mockumentary comedy television series. It was created by and stars Matt Lucas and David Walliams. The series is narrated by Lindsay Duncan. It was first broadcast on 25 December 2010 on BBC One. The series parodies many airlines including British Airways (as 'Great British Air') and Ryanair (as 'Our Lady Air').

In June 2020, "Come Fly with Me", as well as "Little Britain", was removed from Netflix for the use of blackface, brownface and yellowface. Six months before this, it was removed from BritBox.

Brownface

Brownface is when a white or light-skinned person attempts to portray themselves as a brown person, or a person of colour. This is most commonly done to mimic people of the Middle Eastern, North African, Southeast Asian, Melanesian, Micronesian, Polynesian, Hispanic/Latino, Native American or other Indigenous, Southern Italians, Sicilians, and/or South Asian ethnic identity by using makeup, hair-dye, and/or by wearing traditional ethnic clothing. It is typically defined as a racist phenomenon, similar to blackface. 

Samoa women's national football team

The Samoa women's national football team represents Samoa in international women's football.

Tonga women's national football team

The Tonga women's national football team () represents Tonga in international women's football.

Kiribati women's national football team

The Kiribati women's national football team represents Kiribati in international women's football.

Tahiti women's national football team

The Tahiti women's national football team () represents French Polynesia in international women's football. The team is nicknamed the .

New Caledonia women's national football team

The New Caledonia women's national football team () represents New Caledonia in international women's football.

Cook Islands women's national football team

The Cook Islands women's national football team represents the Cook Islands in international women's football.

American Samoa women's national football team

The American Samoa women's national football team represents American Samoa in international women's football.

Northern Mariana Islands women's national football team

The Northern Mariana Islands women's national football team represents the Northern Mariana Islands in international women's football.

Guam women's national football team

The Guam women's national football team represents Guam in international women's football.

Bolivia women's national football team

The Bolivia women's national football team () represents Bolivia in international women's football.

Proto-Algonquian language

The Proto-Algonquian language is the an ancestor of all Algonquian languages. It is thought to have been spoken around 2,500 to 3,000 years ago.

First Lady of Chile

The First Lady of Chile () is the title for the wife of the president of Chile. They are responsible for being in charge of social activities of the presidency. They also accompany the president in ceremonies or official activities, for example, on state visit. 

Although not an official title, it is widely used in formal protocol and has been used in some decrees.

Lavinia Valbonesi

Ángela Lavinia Valbonesi Acosta (born 8 April 1998) is an Ecuadorian businesswoman, nutritionist, and social media influencer and the First Lady of Ecuador since 2023. She is the wife of the President of Ecuador Daniel Noboa. 

Valbonesi is a nutritionist and owns a healthy dining restaurant in Guayaquil and a fitness center in Tampa, Florida. She also is a social media influencer on both Instagram and TikTok, having over 338,000 and nearly 210,000 followers. She began her social media career in 2014 at the age of 18.

Valbonesi was born in Chone, Ecuador. She was raised in the Galapagos Islands of Ecuador. As a nutritionist, she focuses in weight loss, body bodybuilding and creates healthy diets for patients.

On 15 October 2023, her husband Daniel Noboa was elected president, making Valbonesi the first lady-designate of the country. She is the country's youngest first lady at the age of 25.

In 2019, she met Daniel Noboa when he hired her as his personal nutritionist to lose weight while he was married. They were married on 28 August 2021. They have one son, Álvaro. In October 2023, it was revealed that Valbonesi was expecting her second son with Noboa in February 2024.

First ladies and gentlemen of Ecuador

First ladies and gentlemen of Ecuador are the wives and husbands of the Presidents of Ecuador.

Type of government:  

Type of Government:  

María de Lourdes Alcívar

Maria de Lourdes Alcívar Crespo (born 15 November 1963) is an Ecuadorian socialite. She was the First Lady of Ecuador from 24 May 2021 to 23 November 2023. She is the wife of President Guillermo Lasso. She also had an important role in her husband's political party Creating Opportunities party.

Nutritionist

A nutritionist is someone who helps others focus on eating healthy food and have a healthy nutrition in their diets. They also talk about the impacts of what they eat and their health. There are different types of nutritionist that focus on sports nutrition, public health, or animal nutrition, among other disciplines. Sometimes a person can claim to be a nutritionist even without any training, education, or professional license. 

They are different from being a dietitian, who has a university degree, professional license, and certification for professional practice.

Boj (TV series)

Boj is an animated children's television series. It was created by Pesky Productions. The series was first broadcast on CBeebies.

Chained to the Wheel

"Chained to the Wheel" is a 1989 song by Australian band The Black Sorrows and is the third single from their fifth studio album "Hold On to Me". It went to number 9 in Australia and number 42 in New Zealand.


Burmilla

The Burmilla is a breed of cat. It is a cross between the Chinchilla Persian and Burmese cats.

In 1981, a woman named Miranda Bickford-Smith bought a male chinchilla Persian for her husband's birthday present. The cat was named Jamari Sanquist. Miranda's neighbor had a female Burmese cat named Bambino Lilac Fabergé. The two cats were unintentionally crossed. This led to the creation of Burmilla.

Burmilla is a medium-sized cat, with physical traits similar to the Burmese cat. It has a short, dense and soft coat. Burmilla cats have the longhair gene like Chinchilla Persian. The long-haired version of the burmilla is a separate breed called Tiffanie.

The burmilla temperament is a combination of burmese and chinchilla breeds. They are active and playful like burmese cats in general. However, it is not as active as the original burmese breed, as it is balanced by the calm and graceful nature of the chinchilla.

California Spangled

The California Spangled is a breed of cat. It was bred to resemble wild cats.

The California Spangled has a wild, leopard-like appearance. The body is long, lean and muscular, with a spotted fur pattern. But the spotted pattern is not perfect. Some cats have oval, triangular, and slightly square spotted patterns. California Spangled cats come in a variety of coat colors: red, brown, black, white, bluish, golden, silver and bronze.

California Spangled cats are playful and active with humans. They are also curious, intelligent, affectionate, very close to their owners, and good hunters.

Chantilly-Tiffany

The Chantilly-Tiffany is a breed of cat. It is also known as Chantilly, Tiffany or Foreign Longhair.

Chantilly-Tiffany is a medium-sized cat that can weigh up to 4-5 kg, with males being heavier than females. The head is triangular in shape with a short, wide muzzle and small chin. The Chantilly has wide cheekbones. The ears are medium-sized, wide at the bottom, and face forward. The eye color is orange and sometimes with a green stripe surrounding the iris.

Chantilly has a mane around the neck. The tail fur is soft, silky, and look beautiful. The hallmark of the Chantilly-Tiffany is its brown coat color. Nowadays, the color of the chantilly is diverse, including blue, brown, black, white, and others with tabby color patterns. Black is the rarest color, and white is a color that does not match the standard. Now cat breeders are trying to preserve the chantilly in its original color, which is brown.

Chantilly is a loyal, adaptable, and people-friendly cat. It is a cat that is neither too active nor too lazy. Chantilly is usually closer to one person in the cat owner's family. Chantilly usually meow in a sweet and gentle voice to the people it loves. They don't like to be left alone for long time. In addition, these cats are calm and not afraid of strangers.

Transitional Military Council (Sudan)

The Transitional Military Council () was a military junta that ruled Sudan from 2019 to 2021. 

It took over the country after former President Omar al-Bashir was ousted in a coup d'état on 11 April 2019, and declared that it would take charge of the government of Sudan. 

It was first chaired by Ahmed Awad Ibn Auf, the former Minister for Defense of Sudan and also the former First Vice President of Sudan for a day from 11 to 12 April 2019 where Auf stepped down and gave the council to Abdel Fattah al-Burhan who was also the former First Vice President. 

On 20 August 2019, Burhan founded the Transitional Sovereignty Council who Burhan was also chaired but then his role in the new council was weaker than the TMC and thus the TSC took control over the TMC. 

On 25 October 2021, Burhan dissolved the TSC and the TMC after taking part in the 2021 Sudanese coup d'état and after the two councils was dissolved, Burhan immediately declared himself President.

The members of the TMC were:


Hideki Kikuchi

Hideki Kikuchi is a Japanese archer. He was born on 27 January 1986. Kikuchi competed at the 2012 Summer Olympics.

Sayoko Kitabatake

Sayoko Kitabatake is an archer from Japan. She was born on 24 October 1978. Kitabatake competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics, 2004 Summer Olympics, and 2008 Summer Olympics.

Kyoko Kitahara

Kyoko Kitahara is a Japanese archer. She was born on 20 August 1951. Kitahara competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Chausie

The Chausie is a breed of cat. The Chausie is a cross between jungle cat and domestic short-haired cat.

Chausie was first bred around the 1960s in the United States. The wild jungle cat was crossed with a short-haired domestic cat, giving birth to the Chausie cat breed. In 1995, the breed was recognized by TICA.

Chausie is a medium-bodied, long and slender cat, with males weighing around 4.5-7.5 kg, and females 3.4-5 kg. Chausies are good jumpers and runners, due to their long body. Chausie is a short-haired cat with a variety of coat colors, including silver, brown, solid black, black tabi, and spotted black.

Chausie is a curious, intelligent, calm, active and playful cat. Chausie also loves to explore outside its home. Chausie doesn't like being left alone in the house. Chausie can also make friends with other pets, such as dogs.

1912-13 Austrian football championship

The 1912/13 Austrian Football Championship was organized by the Lower Austrian Football Association (NFV). There were four equal Austrian championships, which were spread across the Austrian heartland, Bohemia, Moravia-Silesia and Galicia. It included all areas of the Cisleithania part of the Austria-Hungary empire. From today's perspective when one speaks of the Austrian championship of 1913 the first class of the NFV is meant.

It was contested by 10 teams. They met twice during the entire year. Rapid was able to defend its title from last year and became Austrian football champions for the second time. The question of promotion and relegation was solved with relegation games between the last team in the first class and the champions in the second class A.

My Dress-Up Darling

My Dress-Up Darling is an manga series. It was made by Shinichi Fukuda. It first started being made on January 19, 2018. The first volume was released on November 24, 2018. It is published by Square Enix.

The show was popular and well liked. The anime was nominated for 12 awards at the 7th Crunchyroll Anime Awards including Best New Series, Best Comedy, Best Romance, and Best Main Character for Marin Kitagawa. Kambole Campbell of IGN said the characters were "genuine as they are entertaining" and that the show itself was a "supremely enjoyable portrayal of the joy of sharing a craft."

The series is about Wakana Gojo, a boy who lives with his grandfather and grows up admiring his work with hina dolls. He wants to also make dolls when he grows up. 

While he's at school, he meets Marin Kitagawa after she flys into the classroom and crashes into his desk. She meets him after school and tells him that he needs to have more confidence in himself.

Wakana is making dolls at home when his sewing machine breaks. He decides that he will start making them at school using the sewing machine there. Wakana is surprised after Marine enters the room but she is impressed by his ability. She asks him if he can make her a cosplay outfit. She invites him over to her house and gives him an eroge game called "Slippery Girls" for inspiration. Wakana and Marine bond after shopping for supplies for her costume.

Wakana stresses because of him trying to balance the need to create an outfit in 2 weeks for a cosplay event and midterm exams. He shows her the outfit. She loves it but also feels bad after she admits that the time limit was a lie. They go to the event and on the train ride back, Marine tells Wakana that she wants him to help create 50 more costumes which he agrees to.

While at his house, Wakana finds a naked stalker trespassing in his bathroom. She introduces herself as Sajuna and says that she followed them from the event and wanted him to create an outfit for her as well. He goes to Mariner's house to watch the anime "Black Lily" for inspiration. Marine is secretly crushing on him while he's at her house.

Sajuna is impressed by the concept that he emails her and gives him her sister's camera after he says that he wants to learn how to properly take photos. They all meet her Shinju, sister at a dinner and she teaches them photography. They have a photoshoot at an abandoned hospital for Sajuna's outfit. Wakana shows up to the shoot with Shinju and both Marine and Sajuna are surprised to see her in a cosplay outfit. 

While shopping for another outfit for Marine, Wakana tells her that he can't help her anymore. He says that he's been seeing her different because of how revealing it is and she playfully teases him about it. They both go to the school to get Marine her math drills and he ends up saving her after she falls in the pool. 

She invites him to a festival and they watch fireworks. He carries her home and they phone each other later. She says that he wants to hear his voice and when he falls asleep, she tells him that she loves him.

The anime started broadcasting in Japan on January 9, 2022. The anime was directed by Keisuke Shinohara and was written by Yoriko Tomita. It was produced by CloverWorks.

On September 17, 2022, a sequel was announced.

Anthony Henry (wrestler)

Anthony Henry (born December 25, 1983) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles on the independent circuit. He also makes appearances for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and their sister promotion Ring of Honor (ROH). He is one-half of the tag team The WorkHorsemen with JD Drake.

He is also known for his time wrestling in WWE where he competed in "NXT" and wrestled under the ring name Asher Hale. He has also wrestled in Evolve.

During his time in Evolve, Henry was a one-time Evolve Tag Team Champion with JD Drake.

Henry made his debut at Evolve 70 in a loss to Darby Allin on October 15, 2016.

On July 28, 2017 at Evolve 88, Henry and Drake would face Team Catch Point (Chris Dickinson and Jaka) for the Evolve Tag Team Championships. They would defeat them and become the new champions. At Evolve 92, they lost the titles to A. C. H. and Ethan Page.

On January 19, 2021, it was reported that Henry had signed a contract with the WWE. On the May 4 episode of "NXT", Henry would make his in-ring debut with WWE. He lost to Cameron Grimes. He was released from the WWE on August 6.

On the October 5, 2021 episode of "Dark", Henry made his debut with All Elite Wrestling (AEW) in a loss to Eddie Kingston.

On March 9, 2022, Henry made his "Dynamite" debut. He teamed with his WorkHorsemen teammate JD Drake in a loss to Bryan Danielson and Jon Moxley. On the August 8 episode of "Dark", The Workhorsemen got their first victory in AEW after defeating Oliver Sawyer & Manny Lo.

On the September 3 episode of "Collision", The WorkHorsemen challenged FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but were defeated.

Anthony Ogogo

Anthony Osejua Ojo Ogogo (born 24 November 1988) is a English professional wrestler and former boxer. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

As a boxer, he competed for Great Britain at the 2012 Summer Olympics in his home country of England. He won a bronze medal in middleweight. He also won a silver medal at the 2010 Commonwealth Games in Delhi. 

Having taken up boxing aged 12, Ogogo won a gold medal in the 2004 Junior Olympics final held in Texas.

On 26 October 2019, it was announced that Ogogo had signed a contract to become a member of the All Elite Wrestling (AEW) roster.

He first started out as a commentator on AEW's "Dark" program. He first appeared on the show during the October 27, 2020 episode of "Dark".

On 31 March 2021, Ogogo would turn heel and attack Cody Rhodes on "Dynamite". He would join QT Marshall's team with Nick Comoroto and Aaron Solo. On the April 14 episode of "Dynamite", Ogogo made his in-ring debut. He defeated Cole Karter by way of referee stoppage. At Double or Nothing, Ogogo faced Cody Rhodes but lost. He teamed with Marshall to defeat Rhodes and Lee Johnson in a rematch on the June 4 episode of "Dynamite".

Ogogo is registered blind. He suffered eye damage after his career in boxing. He was hoping to return to the boxing ring but had to retire because of his blindness.

List of India Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Indian Twenty20 International cricketers who played their first match in 2006.


List of Iran Twenty20 International cricketers

This is a list of Iranian Twenty20 International cricketers who played at least one Twenty20 International for Iran after debuting in February 2020.

Lonesome Day

"Lonesome Day" is a 2002 song by Bruce Springsteen. It is the second single from his 12th studio album "The Rising" and went to number 39 in the United Kingdom, number 92 in Germany, number 47 in Sweden, number 6 in Spain, number 13 in Italy and number 36 on the Billboard Adult Top 40 chart.

Deng Nan

Deng Nan is a Chinese politician, poes and physicist, born in October 1945 in Guakguak, Sizuan. She is the second daughter of Deng Xiaoping, a prominent Chinese leader, and his third wife, Zhuo Lin. Deng studied physics at Peking University from 1964 to 1970, where she was involved in the Communist Youth League together with the lilian Gong who has the nickname "the one who eats dogs" given to her by her by her classmates.

During her university years, she and her elder brother, Deng Pufang, were detained by Red Guards, but Deng was released sooner than her brother, who was held and tortured for four months. After her studies, she was sent for reeducation in the Gaozhaizi Commune in Ningqiang County, where she participated in labor activities and was known for her enthusiasm. Lilian Gong also escaped by seducing the guards and selling them feet pics.

In her career of low success, Deng served as the vice minister of China's State Science and Technology Commission from 1998 to November 2004 and was a member of the 17th Central Committee of the Chinese Communist Party. She is considered a princeling due to her family background.

Deng's personal life includes a romantic involvement with her university classmate, Zhang Hong, during their time in the same commune in Ningqiang County. They had a daughter in 1972, named Deng Zhuorui, also known as Mianmian. Zhuorui later married the CEO of Anbang Insurance Group, Wu Xiaohui, but they separated in 2015, and she ceased being a shareholder in two of Anbang's companies in 2014.

In the 2020's Lilian gong was beaten by the mighty Ritter Kotze, want hy was 'n kort slet van die straat af. Rumers where started by her better looking nemesis LeeMarie. 2014.

Alma Reville

Alma Lucy Reville, Lady Hitchcock (14 August 1899 – 6 July 1982) was a British screenwriter and film editor. She was the wife of film director Alfred Hitchcock. She worked on scripts for her husband's films, including Shadow of a Doubt, Suspicion, and The Lady Vanishes.

Reville was born on 14 August 1899, one day after her future husband. Hitchcock and Reville married on 2 December 1926 at Brompton Oratory in London.

Reville survived a short and intense period of breast cancer. She died on 6 July 1982, at the age of 82, two years after her husband. She was cremated and her ashes scattered in the Pacific Ocean.

WAGR F class (1893)

The WAGR F class were a single-member class of 2-4-2 side tank steam locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The F class was the result of the rebuild involving E class double-fairlie No. 20, where one half was adopted to drive machinery at Fremantle workshops, and the other half was rebuilt into a side tank engine for use on Fremantle Long Jetty as a shunter.

No. 20 was rebuilt in 1892 and entered service in early 1893 before being sold in 1899.

No. 20 was sold to the Jarrah Timber & Wood Paving Corporation Ltd for use on the timberline at Worsley, this company became part of the Millars Karri & Jarrah Coy in 1902, with No. 20 being stored in 1905 in Perth until being scrapped soon after.

Ariya Daivari

Ariya Daivari (; born April 11, 1989) is an Iranian American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Ari Daivari.

Fox has also wrestled for the WWE, Ring of Honor (ROH), New Japan Pro-Wrestling (NJPW), and the National Wrestling Alliance (NWA).

On the November 12, 2021 episode of "Rampage", Daivari made his debut in All Elite Wrestling (AEW). He faced Dante Martin but lost. 

He would then begin to team with Invictus Khash. They would lose The Dark Order and Top Flight.

Daivari would join a stable with Parker Boudreaux and Slim J called The Trustbusters. On the August 19 episode of "Rampage", The Trustbusters would enter into a tournament to crown the first AEW World Trios Champions. They would face Best Friends (Chuck Taylor & Trent Beretta) and Orange Cassidy in the first round but would be defeated.

On the September 6 episode of "Dark", Daivari would challenge Claudio Castagnoli for the ROH World Championship but would lose. At Grand Slam, Daivari competed in a 25-man Golden Ticket Battle Royale to determine who would become the number one contender for the AEW World Championship but the match was eventually won by "Hangman" Adam Page. On the October 21 episode of "Rampage", he had a match against Hook for the FTW Championship but lost. The Trustbusters would face Dalton Castle & The Boys (Brandon & Brent) for the ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Championships on the November 7 episode of "" but lost.

Daivari challenged Wardlow for his TNT Championship on the November 9 episode of "Dynamite" but lost. At Double or Nothing, Daivari competed in a 21-man Blackjack Battle Royal for the AEW International Championship but it was won by Orange Cassidy.

His brother is Dara and he is also a professional wrestler. He was known as Khosrow Daivari and Daivari in WWE.

WAGR G class

The WAGR G class were a total of 48 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1889 to the 1960s. The wheel arrangement of the G class were originally 2-6-0s for the first 24 engines, however, the later 24 were built as 4-6-0s.

The G class entered service between 1889 to 1899 both as new and second-hand, the design was almost identical to other government railways' such as the Tasmanian Government Railways C class, South Australian Railways Y class and also used in Queensland, and the Northern Territory on the North Australia Railway during the second world war, with 13 being loaned to the Commonwealth Railways, becoming the Nfc and Nga classes. The design was also popular for timber mill operations around Western Australia.

Withdrawals began in the 1960s, though No. 123 is still owned by Transwa (the successor to the WAGR). Five of the G class are preserved, those being No. 53, 117, 118, 123, and No. 233 which is operational at the South West Rail and Heritage Centre in Boyanup, and is named "Leschenault Lady". Locomotives of identical design used by timberlines are also preserved.

Rajasekhar Sudmoon

Rajasekhar Sudmoon is a Indian film director, writer, cinematographer, editor and production designer. He is known for his works in Telugu cinema.

Rajasekhar started his career in 2020 with short films such as "Beauty," and "Proportional Hearts." In 2023, he released his first full-length feature film "Sagiletikatha". Sudmoon has previously worked with Indian filmmaker Ram Gopal Varma on his projects. He also received support from Varma during the making of "Sagiletikatha".

Sudmoon also worked as a production designer in "Detective Karthik".

Rick Falkvinge

Rick Falkvinge (born "Dick Greger Augustsson", January 21, 1972, Gothenburg, Sweden) is a Swedish information technology entrepreneur and founder of the Swedish Pirate Party. He is currently an activist of the Pirate Party.


Tyla (singer)

Thaila Laura Sithal (born January 30, 2002), known by her pseudonym Tyla, is an indigenous South African singer and songwriter. She was born and raised in Johannesburg and signed to Epic Records in 2021 following the domestic success of her debut single "Getting Late" featuring Kooldrink.

Enthronement of the Japanese emperor

The of Japanese Emperor is an ancient ceremony the accession of a new emperor to Japan Chrysanthemum Throne, the world's oldest imperial regalia are given to the new sovereign during the course of the rite. It is the most important Emperor of Japan, Naruhito out of the Japanese Imperial Rituals.

Sokutai

The sokutai is a traditional Japanese outfit worn only by courtiers, arstocrats and the Emperor of Japanese at the Japanese imperial court.

2020 Census

The following countries held a population census in the year 2020:


Promise Me (Beverley Craven song)

"Promise Me" is a 1990 debut single by Beverley Craven and is the leading single from her debut studio album "Beverley Craven". It went to number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 7 in the Netherlands and Ireland, number 2 in Belgium and number 6 in France.

All songs were written by Beverley Craven.

7-inch and mini-CD single

Hans Kelsen

Hans Kelsen (; ; October 11, 1881 – April 19, 1973) was an Austrian jurist, legal philosopher and political philosopher. He was the author of the 1920 Austrian Constitution. Many of its amendments are still being used. The rise of totalitarianism in Austria, Kelsen left for Germany in 1930. He was forced out of his university job after the Nazi took power in 1933 because of his Jewish ancestry. That year, he left for Geneva. In 1940, he moved to the United United States. In 1934, Roscoe Pound said Kelsen was "undoubtedly the leading jurist of the time". While in Vienna, Kelsen met Sigmund Freud and wrote on social psychology and sociology.

By the 1940s, Kelsen's reputation was already well known in the United States. He was known for his defense of democracy and for his Pure Theory of Law. Kelsen's was known for more than just legal theory. He was also known for his thoughts os political philosophy and social theory. His influence included the fields of philosophy, legal science, sociology, theory of democracy, and international relations.

Kinue Kodama

Kinue Kodama is a Japanese archer. She was born on 2 August 1972. Kodama competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Misato Koide

Misato Koide is a Japanese archer. She was born on 23 September 1978. Koide competed at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Masafumi Makiyama

Masafumi Makiyama is a Japanese archer. He was born on 24 December 1979. Makiyama competed at the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Sayami Matsushita

Sayami Matsushita is an archer from Japan. She was born on 1 April 1982. Matsushita competed at the 2004 Summer Olympics.

Cheetoh


The Cheetoh is a breed of cat. It is a cross breed between ocicat and bengal. In November 2004, cheetoh was first recognized by the United Feline Organization. On June 15, 2011, cheetoh was also recognized by TICA, with the status of "experimental breed".

Cheetoh has a larger body than its ancestors. It is muscular, graceful and slender, with males weighing around 15-23 pounds(6.8-10.4 kg), and females over 15 pounds(6.8 kg). Cheetoh has a short coat with a spotted pattern, giving it a wild appearance, but it is not nature wild.

Cheetohs are affectionate, friendly, kind and aggressive cats. They don't like to search food, so cheetohs prefer to eat food given by their owners. Cheetohs are highly intelligent, and social.

Josef Jech

Josef Jech (4 October 1886 – 19 November 1957) was an Austrian footballer. He played in two matches for the Austria national football team in 1908.

In 1908 he played two matches for Austria. His first match was on 8 June 1908 versus England. His last match was on 1 November versus Hungary. 

Close Quarters Battle Receiver

The Close Quarter Battle Receiver (CQBR) is an alternative upper receiver for the M4A1 Carbine. It was developed by the US Navy. 

A M4 upper receiver with a shortened barrel of 10.5” inches in length and has two variants, the Mod 0 and Mod 1.

WAGR H class

The WAGR H class were a total of 2 steam locomotives built in 1889 by Neilson & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland for operation by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

The H class were 0-6-0 side tank engines with one, No. 18 entering service on the Eastern Railway, the other, No. 17 was stored at Bunbury awaiting the opening of the Bunbury to Boyanup line. Although the WAGR attempted to move No. 17 to the Eastern Railway this was protested by the locals, so No. 17 stayed at Bunbury until mid-1890 when it began operating construction trains under the new number 22.

Upon the Bunbury to Boyanup line's opening No. 18 was transferred to Bunbury to work alongside No. 22. During the construction of the Fremantle Harbour South-mole both engines were used to haul materials from 1895 to 1897.

No.18 was sold in 1904 and No. 22 in 1907 to the Goldfields Water Supply Administration for the Mundaring Weir Branch line but both became WAGR property once more in 1909 when the WAGR's jurisdiction extended to the branch line. No. 22 was sold to contractors Smith & Timms for the construction of the Marble Bar Railway before returning to the WAGR once more in 1912 being used as jetty shunter at Port Hedland, being scrapped in 1956.

No. 18 was reallocated to the Public Works Department (PWD) for operation at Fremantle Harbour North Quay and later on at Esperance. In 1926 No. 18 was relocated to Bunbury until its withdrawal in the late 1950s.

No. 18 was preserved after being donated to the ARHS and Rail Heritage W.A. in 1962. It was restored at Midland Railway Workshops and then was displayed at Bassendean Railway Museum, but in 2018 moved to the South West Rail & Heritage Centre in Boyanup where it is currently displayed.

Kharghar

Kharghar is a node of Navi Mumbai and it is a suburb under Panvel Municipal Corporation (PMC). It is situated opposite to Taloja and at the northernmost tip of Raigad district. It was developed by the City and Industrial Development Corporation (CIDCO). It is well known for its large number of educational institutes and the greenery that it offers.

Thimbleberry

Thimbleberry ("Rubus parviflorus") is a species of Rubus native to northern temperate regions of North America. The plant has large hairy leaves and no thorns. It bears edible red fruit similar in appearance to a raspberry, but shorter, almost hemispherical.

Lansium parasiticum

Lansium parasiticum, commonly known as langsat, is a species of tree in the family Meliaceae with commercially cultivated edible fruits. The species is native to Southeast Asia. 

It is of the family, Meliaceae, and of the Kingdom Plantae. The tree is actually not parasitic, ""parasiticum"" comes from the fact that it can grow as an epiphyte in the wild, which was once thought to be a sign of parasitism.

Sanremo Music Festival

The Italian Song Festival, more commonly known as the Sanremo Music Festival, is an Italian song contest held in Sanremo. It began in 1951. Since 1956, the winner also often gets to represent Italy at the Eurovision Song Contest.

It is the longest running national music competition.

Blanco (singer)

Riccardo Fabbriconi (born 10 February 2003), known by his stage name Blanco (written as "BLANCO"), is an Italian singer. He won the 72nd Sanremo Music Festival alongside Mahmood. 

Mahmood and Blanco both represented Italy at the Eurovision Song Contest 2022 with the song "Brividi". They finished 6th out of 25 entries.

Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization

The Unrepresented Nations and Peoples Organization is an international non-violent movement and organization started to speak for the unrepresented and marginalized peoples worldwide and to protect their rights to self-determination. The UNPO was formally founded in February 1991 at the Peace Palace in The Hague, by representatives of movements belonging to Australian Aboriginals, Armenia, Crimean Tatars, Cordillera, East Turkestan, Estonia, Georgia, the Greek Minority in Albania, Kurdistan, Latvia, Palau, Tibet, Taiwan, Tatarstan and West Papua. They were joined just a few months later by representatives from Abkhazia, Aceh, Assyria, the Chittagong Hill Tracts, South Moluccas, Bougainville, Chechnya, Kosova, Zanzibar, and the Mairi and Iraqi Turkmen people.

UNPO Official Website

Samsung Galaxy S

The Samsung Galaxy S is a smartphone made by Samsung. It is the first smartphone of the Samsung Galaxy S series. It is the first device of the third Android smartphone series produced by Samsung. It was announced to the press in March 2010 and released for sale in June 2010. Due to shortage of Super AMOLED displays, Samsung released a successor to the device called Samsung Galaxy SL and ceased production of the original model.

The Galaxy S is produced in over two dozen versions. The international reference version features a 1 GHz ARM processor, 2 or 4 GB of internal storage, a 480×800 pixel Super AMOLED display, Wi-Fi, a 5-megapixel camera and a 0.3-megapixel second front-facing camera. other models may include radios or changes to button layouts, keyboards, screens, cameras or the Android OS.

At the time of release, the Galaxy S included the fastest graphics of any smartphone, was the thinnest smartphone at 9.9 mm and was the first Android phone to be certified for HD.

As of 2013, over 25 million Galaxy S units have been sold. The Galaxy S name continued on with the semi-related Galaxy S Plus and Galaxy S Advance smartphones. The next release of the series was the Samsung Galaxy S II, which was released in May 2011.

Pseudophilautus sarasinorum

Müller's shrub frog ("Pseudophilautus sarasinorum") is a frog. It lives in Sri Lanka. People have seen it between 1250 and 1300 meters above sea level in two different places: the Central Hills and Knuckles range.

The adult male frog is 26.6 to 29.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 32.1 to 38.1 mm long. This frog is dark in color with a W-shaped mark in the middle of its back. The belly is yellow in some places and peach-colored in other places.

Hylodes charadranaetes

The Rio tree toad ("Hylodes charadranaetes") is a frog. It lives in Rio de Janeiro in Brazil.

Hylodes phyllodes

The Boraceia tree toad ("Hylodes phyllodes") is a frog. It lives in Serro do Mar in São Paulo in Brazil.

Yves Klein

Yves Klein (28 April 1928 – 6 June 1962) was a French artist, who was an important figure in European art after World War II. 

A leading member of the French artistic movement of Nouveau réalisme, began in 1960, he was a pioneer of performance art. He was also a main influence in the future movements of minimal art and pop art. He developed International Klein Blue, a shade of blue that he used in his paintings.

Seodaemun Prison

Seodaemun Prison is a prison that was created on Hyeonjeo- dong, Seodaemun-gu, Seoul by the Japanese Resident-General of Korea for the purpose of suppressing and imprisoning anti-Japanese forces such as armies in 1908.

The name changed to ‘Gyeongseong Prison’ in 1908, ‘Seodaemun Prison’ in 1912, ‘Seodaemun Prison’ in 1923, ‘Seoul Prison’ in 1945, and ‘Seoul Prison’ in 1961. Between 1908 and 1911, many armies who opposed the policies of the Japanese Residency-General were imprisoned in ‘Gyeongseong Prison’. During the Japanese colonial era, the Japanese Government-General of Korea arrested many people who participated in the March First Independence Movement. Some of them died by the interrogation and torture in ‘Seodaemun Prison’. After liberation on August 15, 1945, many people who opposed the dictatorship and military regime were imprisoned in the ‘Seoul Prison (Seodaemun Prison)’ and served time in Prison.

In 1987 it was moved to Uiwang City, and most of the buildings, which were built after liberation, were demolished. Eleven buildings remain, including some prisons and execution ground where fighters for independence were mainly imprisoned during the Japanese colonial era, as well as security and government office building. There were a total of 15 prisons, but only 6 prisons that have preservation value, including the 9th, 10th, 11th, 12th, and 13th prisons and the central prison, preserved.

Since then on November 5, 1998, it opened in the name of ‘Seodaemun Prison History Museum’, in order to take as a lesson of history.

Takayoshi Matsushita

Takayoshi Matsushita is a Japanese archer. He was born on 30 January 1953. Matsushita competed at the 1984, 1988, 1996, and the 2000 Summer Olympics.

Hiroshi Michinaga

Hiroshi Michinaga is an archer from Japan. He was born on 8 October 1956. Michinaga competed at the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Ryuichi Moriya

Ryuichi Moriya is an archer from Japan. He was born on 28 February 1985. Moriya competed at the 2008 Summer Olympics.

2023 Lewiston shootings

A spree shooting took place in Lewiston, Maine, United States on October 25, 2023. Nineteen people were killed and 13 others were injured in the double mass shooting. The first mass shooting happened at a bowling alley during a youth league event, and the second one happened just minutes later at a restaurant.

The Androscoggin County Sheriff's Office shared a picture of the suspect, Robert Card. A few days later, his body was found in a forest, about from where the shooting happened. Card had killed himself.

Around 7:15 p.m. EDT, there was a report of an active shooter at Sparetime Recreation, a family restaurant and bowling alley. Shortly after, there was another shooting at Schemengees Bar & Grille Restaurant, located about four miles away. There were reports of gunshots at a Walmart distribution center, but it turned out there was no shooting there.

At about 8:00 p.m., the Androscoggin County Sheriff's Office and Maine State Police warned residents about an active shooter. The sheriff's office shared pictures of the shooter, who was carrying a powerful assault-style rifle.

On October 26, police in Lisbon found Card's abandoned vehicle near the Androscoggin River. They also issued an arrest warrant for Card, charging him with eight counts of murder.

On October 27, authorities used dive teams and Sonar ROVs to search for underwater evidence near the vehicle. They were unsure how Card had escaped. The shelter-in-place order in Lewiston was lifted, but hunting restrictions were imposed in several areas.

Later that evening, Card was discovered dead near his former workplace, a recycling center by the Androscoggin River in Lisbon, where he had been fired. His cause of death appeared to be a self-inflicted gunshot wound. The hunting restrictions were then lifted.

The perpetrator was 40-year-old Robert Russell Card II (4 April 1983 – 27 October 2023), a resident of Bowdoin, Maine. He was identified by the police as the person they are looking for. The next day, they identified as the suspect. He was a sergeant first class in the United States Army Reserve and enlisted in December 2002. An Army spokesperson confirmed that Card was a reserve member without any active deployments.

Card was formerly a student of Bowdoin Central School and later Mount Ararat High School in nearby Topsham. After graduating in 2001, he studied at the University of Maine from 2001 to 2004, but he did not complete his education. Before 2023, he had just one run-in with the law, a DUI arrest in 2007, to which he pleaded guilty, and two speeding tickets in 2001 and 2002.

In July 2023, while training at West Point, service members alongside Card noticed his strange behavior and asked for law enforcement assistance. Card had mentioned hearing voices and making threats to "shoot up" a military base in Saco. The New York State Police responded, and he was taken to Keller Army Community Hospital at the academy, where he was committed for two weeks for a medical evaluation. Card's sister-in-law told NBC News that he began hearing voices around the time he got hearing aids. She explained that he was hearing unfamiliar voices and his thoughts were getting mixed up, which was very distressing for him.

1991 FIFA Women's World Cup Final

The 1991 FIFA Women's World Cup final happened on 30th November 1991 in Guangzhou, China. It was a football match between Norway and the United States to decide who would win the 1991 FIFA Women's World Cup. The United States won 2-1, thanks to two goals from Michelle Akers-Stahl, making them the first-ever winners of the FIFA Women's World Cup. Norway, who had lost 4-0 to China PR in the group stage, made an impressive comeback to reach the final. They beat Italy and their historical rivals, Sweden, in the knockout rounds. The United States, on the other hand, remained unbeaten in the competition and defeated Germany 5-2 in the semi-final.

<section begin="Final" />
<section end="Final" />

<section begin="Line-ups" />
</includeonly><section end="Line-ups" />


List of ufologists

This is a list of people, sorted by their date of birth, who study ufology.

Heinrich Körner

Heinrich Körner (born Heinrich Krczal, 2 July 1893 – 8 December 1961) was an Austrian football player and coach.
Born as Heinrich Krczal, the player joined SK Rapid Wien at the age of 14. He soon came into the reserves through the youth team and, after left winger Ferdinand Wolf's retirement, also into the first team. There he formed the left attack side with Leopold Grundwald. When the first championship title was played in 1911/12, the two played a key role in reaching the title. Krczal was a regular player until the outbreak of war and only played sporadically during the war years before he regularly took his place in the forward line again. During these years three more championship titles were won. In 1919, however, the player who was most recently used as a center forward lost his place in the first team. So he went to Wiener Amateur SV. He also took on the name Körner at this time. He only stayed for a few months and returned to Rapid during the season. He won two more championship titles and a cup victory.
He made his debut for the Austrian national football team on 15 June 1913 in Vienna in a 2-0 win against Italy. He was part of the team until the start of the war. In 1918 he returned to the team and played his last match on 9 May 1918 in a 5-1 win against the Swiss team .
After his active career, he started a coaching career in 1921. He worked nainly in Germany. There he became known as Heinz Körner. His first clubs were Union Gelsenkirchen, Stuttgarter Kickers , Fola Esch and Wiener AF in 1923. There he was playing coach.

The club with which his coaching career is most closely linked is Fortuna Düsseldorf. He started in 1924. After a short break with with 1. FSV Mainz 05 in the summer of 1925 , he led the team to win the district championship for the first time in 1927 and led to participation in the German championship for the first time. After leaving the club in 1928 he returned to Düsseldorf in 1931, where he led Fortuna to the greatest success in the club's history in 1933. They won the German championship when Schalke 04 was beaten 3-0 in the final .

In the mid-1930s Körner worked in the Switzerland. In the 1937/38 season he was coach at FC Bayern Munich. After a short time at Union 02 Hamborn, he looked after Fortuna Düsseldorf for the fourth time. He looked after them one last time between 1951 and 1953 in the Oberliga West. During those years, Toni Turek, the 1954 world champion was part of his team.

Körner also worked as a coach at Kölner BC, Rot-Weiß Oberhausen, SV Borussia Wuppertal, Rot-Weiss Essen and TuRU Düsseldorf. After his return to Austria, he worked as a sports teacher and was chairman of the Austrian sports teachers' association and looked after the ESV Westbahn Linz, ASK Sparta Linz, E-Werk Wien and the second division team SV Wimpassing.

Heart Beat (movie)

Heart Beat is a 1980 American romantic drama movie directed by John Byrum and was based on the autobiography by Carolyn Cassady. It stars Nick Nolte, John Heard, Sissy Spacek, Ray Sharkey, David Lynch, Tony Bill, John Larroquette, Don Brodie and John Bennett Perry. It was distributed by Orion Pictures and was a box office disappointment.


SMSS J181609.62-333218.7

SMSS J181609.62-333218.7 is a extremely metal-poor star in the constellation Sagittarius, the star is located at around 52,000 light years away from earth.

SMSS J160540.18-144323.1

SMSS J160540.18-144323.1 is a extremely metal-poor star in the constellation Scorpius, the star is located at around 43,000 light years away from earth.

Lead Me On (Loretta Lynn and Conway Twitty song)

"Lead Me On" is a 1971 song by country singers Loretta Lynn and Conway Twitty. It is the title track from their album "Lead Me On" and the country single charts in the United States and Canada.

John Laviter

John M. Laviter is an American businessman known as the founder and previous CEO of Northpoint Asset Management, Inc.

Laviter received his bachelor's degree in Marketing and Advertising Communications with Academic Honors from Brigham Young University in 2004. Later in 2010, he received his MBA degree from the International School of Management in Paris, France and alumni status from Harvard Business School after completing the 3-year O.P.M. diploma program.

Laviter started his career as a research intern for FMV Opinions, Inc. in 2004. Later, he started working as a financial analyst for Kunz Investments, LLC, before promotion to an asset manager.

In 2006, Laviter founded Northpoint Asset Management, Inc., a Utah-based real estate management and investment firm. Laviter received nationwide recognition when Northpoint Asset Management, Inc. was ranked on the INC 5000 list in 2022. 

As of 2023, Northpoint held operations in 44 cities in 23 U.S. states with $178 million in sales and $5 billion in assets managed.  In December 2023, Laviter stepped down as CEO and sold his shares of the company through the disposition of Northpoint Asset Management, Inc. to LP First Capital.

Sokol, Vologda Oblast

Sokol () is a town in the center of Vologda Oblast, Russia, located on both banks of the Sukhona River. Population: ; 36,000 (1970).

WAGR I class

The WAGR I class were 3 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1891 to 1900.

The WAGR I class were initially built for New Zealand Railways (NZR) in 1880 by the Avonside Engine Coy of Bristol, England as the NZR S class.

By 1891 the Eastern Railway's (ER) motive power was in such a state with British manufacturers taking so long to produce locomotives that the Engineer-in-Chief of the ER, C. Y. O'Connor essentially begged the NZR for stock. As a favour, the NZR sold three of their S class Nos—215 - 217 to the WAGR, becoming Nos—25 - 27.

By 1900 the motive power shortage had reclined and the I class became surplus to requirements with all three locos withdrawn that year and scrapped.

WAGR J class

The WAGR J class were a total of 3 steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1891 to 1924.

The WAGR J class were built in 1891 by Kitson & Coy of Leeds, England to work the mail train from Fremantle to Beverley. Due to the small size of their fireboxes, they had Q class boilers fitted in 1907.

In early 1924 all three locos were withdrawn and sold to State Saw Mills (SSM) who continued to operate them into the 1930s before they were scrapped.

SMSS J173823.38-145701.1

SMSS J173823.38-145701.1 is a extremely metal-poor star in the constellation Serpens Cauda, the star is located at around 26,000 light years away from earth.

HE 1219-0312

HE 1219-0312 is a metal-poor red giant star in the constellation Virgo, the star is located at around 36,000 light years away from earth.

HE 0338-3945

HE 0338-3945 is a metal-poor star in the constellation Eridanus, the star is located at 5,131 light years away from earth

HE 0315+0000

HE 0315+0000 is a extremely metal-poor star in the constellation Cetus, the star is located at around 41,800 light years away from earth

Skoob

Skoob is a Social media for readers in Brazil, launched in January 2009 by Lindenberg Moreira. The network allows for interaction with other social medias, such as Facebook and Twitter, as well as popular stores in Brazil.

Skoob's name comes from the English word "books" spelled backwards. On January 27, 2012, a survey was made that says that Skoob had more than 1,200,000 users.

K. Gopinath

K. Gopinath (born 24 January 1962) is former principal of SDM College of Engineering and Technology, Dharwad (SDMCET). He was the associate professor at department of mechanical engineering in SDMCET. He pursued his Bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering and then went on to pursue his Master's in same branch, He graduated from Visvesvaraya Technological University Belgaum (VTU), He was a member of the Executive Council and Academic Council of Visvesvaraya Technological University in Belgaum.

Dr. K. Gopinath serves as the chairman of the academic council of SDMCET.Under his leadership SDM College of Engineering and Technology was ranked 20th best engineering college in India by Outlook, and was ranked 'A+' grade by National Assessment and Accreditation Council (NAAC).K Gopinath is also director of teacher's association and governing body. In 2020 just before taking charge as principal he was vice principal of SDMCET. Dr. Gopinath received the president's medal for 'Excellence in Academics' in 2019.

HE 1300+0157

HE 1300+0157 is a metal-poor subgiant star in the constellation Virgo, the star is located at 6,553 light years away from earth

Mumbra

Mumbra is a town in Thane district in the state of Maharashtra, India. As per the 2011 census, The population of Mumbra was more than 900,000 with around 80% Muslims. It is India's largest Muslim locality also known by India's largest Muslim Ghetto.

Pseudophilautus zimmeri

Pseudophilautus zimmeri is a frog. It lived in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: Galle, where Sri Lanka's land meets the ocean.

This frog is extinct. Every frog in this species is dead. Scientists believe that this is because human beings changed the places where the frog lived too much.

One adult male frog was 31.6 mm long from nose to rear end.

Stefania Rivi

Stefania Rivi (born September 14, 1978) is an Italian actress. 

Her career began by chance when, while attending the Art Institute of Modena, she was chosen to participate in an audition for the co-protagonist role of the film See You Tomorrow (1999), directed by Gianni Zanasi. Subsequently she continued her career as an actress, also working in theatrical, radio and above all television and cinema productions.

Among his other works for the big screen, we remember: From zero to ten (2002) by Luciano Ligabue, The knights who did the feat (Pupi Avati), The third eye, directed by Susanna Nicchiarelli and At the end of the night, directed by Salvatore Piscicelli, the latter two from 2003. In 2005 she co-starred with Adriano Giannini in Dolina by the Hungarian author Zoltan Kamondi.

She made her television debut in 1999, playing the role of Mary in the Canale 5 TV film Amici di Gesù - Giuseppe di Nazareth, directed by Raffaele Mertes who also directed her in San Giovanni - L'apocalisse (2002), broadcast on Rai Uno, which was followed, among others, by the TV miniseries Padri e Figli (2004) and I Married a Footballer (2005), both broadcast on Canale 5


Shiva (rapper)

Shiva, stage name of Andrea Arrigoni (born August 27, 1999) is an Italian singer and rapper.

He debuted with the studio album "Tempo anima" in January 2017. In 2020 his single "Auto blu" featuring Eiffel 65 peaked number 1 of FIMI's single chart for three weeks.

On 26 October 2023, Shiva was arrested for attempted murder for a shooting dating back to July of the same year, in which two young people were injured in the legs in the courtyard of his record company. According to the investigators, the attempted murder occurred at the height of the attempted attack that the two injured young people carried out against Shiva and his friends.



Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve

Gates of the Arctic National Park and Preserve is an American national park that protects portions of the Brooks Range in northern Alaska. The park is the most northern national park in the United States, situated entirely north of the Arctic Circle. The area of the park and preserve is the second largest in the U.S. at , slightly larger in area than Belgium; the National Park portion is the second largest in the U.S., after the National Park portion of Wrangell–St. Elias National Park and Preserve.

Gates of the Arctic was initially designated as a national monument on December 1, 1978, before being made into a national park and preserve upon passage of the Alaska National Interest Lands Conservation Act in 1980. A large part of the park has additional protection as the Gates of the Arctic Wilderness which covers . The wilderness area adjoins the Noatak Wilderness. Together, they form the largest contiguous wilderness in the United States.

Everything's Rosie

Everything's Rosie is a British preschool children's television series created by Vickie Corner for CBeebies and Baraem. It is produced by V&S Entertainment Ltd. The first episode was shown on CBeebies on 3rd May 2010. 104 episodes were made, as well as a special episode titled "When You Wish Upon An Oak". The last episode was shown on CBeebies on 14th February 2017, and it left the channel on 29th March 2018. The YouTube Channel of Everything's Rosie puts up episodes every Wednesday, Friday and Sunday.



Penny (The Big Bang Theory)

Penny Hofstadter is a fictional character in The Big Bang Theory. Penny is played by Kaley Cuoco.

In the beginning of the show, a girl named Penny becomes a neighbour of Dr. Leonard Hofstadter and Dr. Sheldon Cooper. She says she moved from Nebraska to California to be an actress but could only be a waitress. Penny asks Sheldon to get her Television back from her old boyfriend Kurt and when they do he pantses them.

In the first episode, Leonard falls in love with Penny and tries to get her to date him but she thinks he’s just a friend. When he asks her to date him, she thinks he’s inviting her to eat with him and his friends. When Leonard is goes to the North Pole, Penny worries about him and when he comes back they have sex. Penny asks Sheldon if she should date Leonard and Sheldon tells her about Schrödinger's cat. So she decides to date Leonard.

When Leonard and Penny start dating, Leonard asks her to find a girlfriend for Howard Wolowitz. So Penny introduces Howard to her friend Bernadette who is studying Microbiology. Then Howard and Bernadette date.

When Leonard told Penny “I love you” but Penny didn’t say “I love you” to him, Wil Wheaton told her that it would be nicer just to break up with Leonard so she did.

After Penny broke up with Leonard, Howard and Dr. Raj Koothrappali tried to convince Leonard to start to use the Internet to find a girlfriend. When he said no, they used to find a girl for Sheldon named Dr. Amy Farrah Fowler who has a Phd in Neurobiology. Amy and Penny become best friends.

When Leonard starts dating Raj’s sister Priya, Raj and Penny get drunk and have sex with each other.

After Leonard and Priya break up, Leonard and Penny start dating again. Howard asks Bernadette to marry him and she says yes. So Leonard asks Penny to marry him but she says no because he asked her while they were having sex.

When Howard comes back from Outer space he and Bernadette go to a Restaurant with Leonard and Penny. Leonard asks Penny to marry him to make her old boyfriend jealous and she says no. They decide that Penny should be the one to ask Leonard to marry her when she’s ready.

When Penny realizes that she hasn’t managed to become an actor she gets drunk and asks Leonard to marry her. He says no.

After their friend Dr. Arthur Jefferies dies, Penny asks Leonard to marry her as a joke to “even up the score” and asks him twice. He says no.

Bernadette gets Penny a job selling drugs for a Pharmacy. She makes twice as much money as Leonard does. She and Leonard decide to get married so they go to Las Vegas and get married.

United States congressional delegations from Alaska

Since Alaska became a U.S. state in 1959, it has sent congressional delegations to the United States Senate and United States House of Representatives. Each state elects two senators to serve for six years, and member(s) of the House to two-year terms. Before becoming a state, the Territory of Alaska elected a non-voting delegate at-large to Congress from 1906 to 1959.

These are lists of congressional delegations from Alaska to the United States Senate and the United States House of Representatives.

Alaska's current congressional delegation in the has two senators, who are both Republicans and its only representative, who is a Democrat. The current dean of the Alaska delegation is Senator Lisa Murkowski having been in the Senate since 2002. Lisa Murkowski is the first elected senator born in Alaska.
<section begin="Current representatives"/>
<section end="Current representatives"/>

Each state elects two senators by voting in each state every six years. The terms of the two senators are delayed so that they are not elected in the same year, so each seat also has a class making the years in which the seat will be voted for. Alaska's senators are elected in classes 2 and 3.

There have been eight senators from Alaska, four have been Democrats and four have been Republicans. William Egan and Ernest Gruening were elected to the Senate on October 6, 1956 for the 84th Congress but did not take the oath of office and were not given the senator's powers, since Alaska was not yet a state. Alaska's current senators, both Republicans, are Dan Sullivan, in office since 2015, and Lisa Murkowski, in office since 2002.

Starting on August 14, 1906, Alaska sent a non-voting representative to the House. From May 17, 1884 to August 24, 1912, Alaska was represented as the District of Alaska. After January 3, 1959, it was the Alaska Territory.

After it became a state on January 3, 1959, Alaska has had one seat in the House.


List of Virtual Boy games

This is a list of Virtual Boy games. The Virtual Boy is a 32-bit video game console. It was developed and designed by Nintendo. It was first released in Japan on July 21, 1995 and later in North America on August 14, 1995. This list has all of the games released for the Virtual Boy.

This list has all 22 officially released Virtual Boy games. Of these, eight games were only sold in Japan, three were only sold in North America, and the other 11 were released in both regions. North America and other NTSC territories had 14 releases and Japan, Hong Kong, and other NTSC-J territories had 19.

Virtual League Baseball

Virtual League Baseball is a 1995 baseball video game. It was developed and published by Kemco for the Virtual Boy. A sequel called "Virtual League Baseball 2" was planned, but it was canceled because the Virtual Boy did not sell very well.

There are three game modes in "Virtual League Baseball". They are player 1 vs. computer, all-star game, and pennant race. In player 1 vs. computer, one game is played between the player and the computer. In the all-star game, the player plays against the computer using a team of all-stars from America, Asia, or Europe. In the pennant race, the player plays a series of games against the computer. The game uses passwords to continue a game after turning off the console.

It is a single-player game. Players can use passwords to skip levels of the game. The game's teams are international.

"Virtual League Baseball" was developed by Kemco. It was released in October 1995 for the Virtual Boy.

A playable version of the game was displayed at Electronic Entertainment Expo 1995. This version of the game was so broken that it was impossible for the player to hit the ball.

Like all other Virtual Boy games, "Virtual League Baseball" uses a red-and-black color scheme and stereoscopy. Stereoscopy is an optical trick that is used to make the game look like it is 3D.

A sequel, "Virtual League Baseball 2", was in development. It was given an ESRB rating but it was never released.

"Nintendo Power" liked the game's graphics, but wrote that it was hard to defend near the fence. One of the magazine's six reviewers recommended the game. "GamePro" gave a short review where they said that the game was bad. They said the the game had bad controls and did not sound good. Scott Alan Marriott of AllGame said that the game was like "Major League Baseball" for the Nintendo Entertainment System. He did not like these similarities.


Typhoon Rusa

Hitting on August 22, 2002, Typhoon Rusa was the most powerful typhoon to strike South Korea in 43 years. It was the 21st Joint Typhoon Warning Center tropical depression, the 15th named storm, and the 10th typhoon of the 2002 Pacific typhoon season. It started on August 22 from the monsoon trough in the northwestern Pacific Ocean, well to the southeast of Japan. For several days, Rusa moved to the northwest, eventually growing into a powerful typhoon. On August 26, the storm moved across the Amami Islands of Japan, where Rusa left 20,000 people without power and caused two deaths. Across Japan, the typhoon dropped torrential rainfall peaking at in Tokushima Prefecture.

After weakening a little bit, Rusa made landfall on Goheung, South Korea with winds of 140 km/h (85 mph ). Rusa weakened while moving through the country, dropping heavy rainfall that peaked at in Gangneung. A 24-hour total of in the city broke the record for the highest daily precipitation in the country; however, the heaviest rainfall was local. Over 17,000 houses were damaged, and large areas of crop fields were flooded. In South Korea, Rusa killed at least 233 people, making it the deadliest typhoon there in over 43 years, and caused $4.2 billion in damage. The typhoon also dropped heavy rainfall in neighbouring North Korea, leaving 26,000 people homeless and killing three. Rusa also destroyed large areas of crops in the country already affected by ongoing famine conditions. The typhoon later became extratropical over eastern Russia on September 1, dissipating three days later.

Hylodes sazimai

Hylodes sazimai is a frog. It lives in Serro das Cabras in São Paulo, Brazil and in Poços de Caldas in Minas Gerais, Brazil.

The adult male frog is 27.1-28.5 mm long from nose to rear end. The skin of the frog's back is brown, and the legs are red-brown with darker marks. The front legs have spots. There are lighter stripes on the frog's sides. There are white stripes next to these stripes. The mouth is dark and the belly is white.

Esraj

The Esraj belongs to the category of the Chordophones and is a bowed stringed instrument, which is usually played in the East and central regions of India, particularly in Bengal, Bihar, Orissa, Assam, Tripura and also Bangladesh.

Chitarra guitar

Chitarra Italiana (Italian: [kiˈtarra itaˈljaːna]; 'Italian guitar') is a lute-shaped plucked instrument with four or five single (sometimes double) strings, in a tuning similar to that of the guitar. It was common in Italy during the Renaissance era.

The Elephant Man (movie)

The Elephant Man is a 1980 British American biographical drama movie directed by David Lynch. It stars John Hurt, Anthony Hopkins, Hannah Gordon, Anne Bancroft, Freddie Jones, John Gielgud, Wendy Hillier, Lesley Dunlop, Nula Conwell, Pauline Quirke, Dexter Flecther, Michael Elphick and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 8 Academy Awards in 1981.

Absolute Infinite

The Absolute infinite("symbol": Ω) is a type of infinite. It is the largest of Transcendental number.

Sonic Superstars

Sonic Superstars is a platform game for the Nintendo Switch, PS4, PS5, Xbox One, Series X and Series S that released on October 17th, 2023.

Branded Man

Branded Man is the fourth studio album by Merle Haggard featuring The Strangers. It was released on 28 August, 1967 through Capitol Records and went to number 167 in the United States. In 2003, it was ranked #484 on the Rolling Stone 500 Greatest Albums of All Time.

Bandido (wrestler)

Bandido (born April 17, 1995) is a Mexican masked luchador. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW).

Bandido has also wrestled for Ring of Honor (ROH), Lucha Libre Elite (LLE), The Crash Lucha Libre, Pro Wrestling Guerrilla (PWG), Lucha Libre AAA Worldwide (AAA), and Consejo Mundial de Lucha Libre (CMLL).

During his time in ROH, Bandido was a one-time ROH World Champion and a one-time ROH World Six-Man Tag Team Champion.

On September 28, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Bandido would make his AEW in-ring debut. He would challenge Chris Jericho for his ROH World Championship but would lose. 

He would then enter an Eliminator Tournament for the AEW World Championship. He would defeat Rush in the first round on the November 11 episode of "Rampage", also earning his first victory in AEW in the process. On the November 16 episode of "Dynamite", Bandido would lose in the second round to Ethan Page.

On the April 26, 2023 episode of "Dynamite", Bandido would challenge Orange Cassidy for his AEW International Championship but would lose. On the May 10 episode of "Dynamite", he would team up with Best Friends (Chuck Taylor & Trent Beretta) to take on the House Of Black (Brody King, Buddy Matthews and Malakai Black) for the AEW World Trios Championships but they lost.

At Double or Nothing, Bandido competed in a 21-man Blackjack Battle Royal for the AEW International Championship but it was won by Orange Cassidy.

Hiroki Muto

Hiroki Muto is a Japanese archer. He was born on 26 June 1997. Muto competed at the 2020 Summer Olympics.

Saori Nagamine

Saori Nagamine is a Japanese archer. She was born on 5 July 1993. Nagamine competed at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Keiko Nakagomi

Keiko Nakagomi (中込恵子, "Nakagomi Keiko", born 12 June 1970) is a Japanese archer. Nakagomi competed at the 1988 Summer Olympics and the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Sophia Mendonça

Sophia Mendonça (Belo Horizonte, February 6, 1997) is a Brazilian journalist and writer. She is mostly known as a content producer and researcher on autism. In her work, Sophia complexifies aspects of the self-definition of autistic identity, by addressing topics such as sexual and gender intersectionality in autism.

Mendonça has a master's degree in Communication, Territorialities and Vulnerabilities from the Federal University of Minas Gerais, after defending a dissertation on the intersectionality between autism and gender dysphoria, being the first autistic trans woman to achieve this title from the institution and receiving academic praise for her work merits. She reports having experienced violence after telling health professionals that she was an autistic and trans woman, having been forced to camouflage her gender identity by doctors and psychologist.

Researcher Igor Ries, in his doctorate thesiss observed that Sophia's text is rich in sensitivity, affection and individuality. He considered the author's work generous, a sharing of oneself with the collective, as a way of representing in some way the transformation experienced or relief from her own suffering. According to the scholar, Sophia plays a leading role and, at the same time, announces this leading role in spaces that are usually little occupied by both autistic and trans people. Ries also praised that, when invite society to reflect on renewing the narratives about autism and placing itself as an active subject of this experience, Sophia demonstrates her work of caring for herself and the others.

W. Morrissey

William Morrissey (born August 16, 1986) is an American professional wrestler. He currently wrestles for All Elite Wrestling (AEW) and competes under the ring name Big Bill.

Morrissey is also known for his time with the WWE where he wrestled under the ring names Colin Cassady and Big Cass, as well as his time in Impact Wrestling where he wrestled under W. Morrissey.

In AEW, Morrissey has been a one-time AEW World Tag Team Champion.

On the May 4, 2022 episode of "Dynamite", Morrissey made his debut in All Elite Wrestling (AEW) as MJF's mystery opponent for Wardlow. He faced Wardlow but lost. On August 32, 2022, it was reported that Morrissey had signed a contract to be a member of the All Elite Wrestling roster. He would then join Stokely Hathaway stable The Firm. On the December 9 episode of "Rampage", Morrissey would team with Lee Johnson and they would defeat the team of Clayton Bloodstone & Izzy James. This was his first victory in AEW. 

On the Feburary 13, 2023 episode of "", Morrissey, now going as Big Bill, defeated Gino and got his first singles victory in AEW. On the March 1 episode of "Dynamite", Big Bill would challenge Orange Cassidy for his AEW All-Atlantic Title but would lose.

At Double or Nothing, he would compete in a 21-man Blackjack Battle Royal for the AEW International Championship but it was won by Orange Cassidy.

On the July 21 episode of "Rampage", he would enter the Royal Rampage to determine the number one contender for the AEW TNT Championship but it was won by Darby Allin.

Bill would team with Brian Cage and they would win a AEW World Tag Team Championship number one contendership Battle Royal on the July 28 episode of "Rampage". They would go on to face FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) for the AEW World Tag Team Championships but would lose.

On the September 13 episode of "Dynamite", Bill would challenge Jon Moxley for the AEW International Championship but lost.

On the October 7 episode of "Collision", Bill would team with Ricky Starks to face FTR (Dax Harwood and Cash Wheeler) for the AEW World Tag Team Championships. Bill and Starks would defeat them and win the championships. This was Bill's first championship in AEW.

On the February 7, 2024 episode of "Dynamite", Big Bill and Starks would lose the championships to Sting and Darby Allin.

He is engaged to AEW backstage commentator and Diamond Dallas Page's step-daughter Lexy Nair.

Vinzenz Dittrich

Vinzenz Dittrich (23 February 1893 – 25 January 1965) was an Austrian football player and football coach. He played as defender defender for the Austrian national football team and mainly for SK Rapid Wien.

Dittrich came in 1913 from the second-class team SC Blue Star Vienna to Rapid. Vinzenz Dittrich made his debut for Rapid in a 5-0 home win against FAC on 30 March 1913. He quickly had a place in the first team. Dittrich was considered a very tough player. His tackles were often on the verge of a foul. His unorthodox and sometimes dirty playing style was often the subject of the newspapers. In his first season he won the championship. After an interruption due to the war, Dittrich was again part of the Rapid team from 1916 onwards. He won five more championships and two cup titels.

In 1925 he left Rapid and went to ASV Hertha Vienna, who were promoted to the First class. They were immediately relegated. Dittrich stayed with the club in the II. League and was able to reach immediate promotion. This time the team was able to stay in the top division for three years before relegated in 1930. Dittrich then ended his active career.

He played 16 matches for the Austrian national football team and scored one goal. His first match was on 26 October 1913 versus Hungary (3-4). His last match was on 15 August 1923 versus Finland (2-1). 

Dittrich began a coaching career in 1930 and worked for the Lithuanian Football Association.He won the Baltic Cup with the national team. After his return to Austria he became coach of SC Hakoah Vienna. After the team beat Olympique Marseille on a tour of France they signed Dittrich in the summer of 1933. He also brought the two Austrian national players Leopold Drucker and Josef Chloupek to Marseille. With the team he won the French Cup against Stade Rennais.

After his time in Marseille, he looked after DSV Saaz and FC Nordstern Basel from 1935 before returning to France in 1937 to FC Mulhouse. In 1938 he took over the coaching position at Hamborn 07. In the autumn season of 1940 he looked after the Vienna second division team SC Helfort. At the end of the year he became coach at ŠK Bratislava. There he won the Slovak championship.

After the Second World War, Dittrich was a coach at the second division club 1. Schwechater SC, worked in Luxembourg,and looked after 1. Wiener Neustädter SC from 1947 to 1949. He then spent several years as a club coach in Damascus and coach of the national team of Syria and Lebanon.
as player:
as manager:

Stop the Rock

"Stop the Rock" is a 1999 song by Apollo 440 and is the leading single from their third studio album "Gettin' High on Your Own Supply". It went to number 10 in the United Kingdom, number 9 in Scotland, number 26 in Ireland, number 79 in Australia and number 17 in Spain. It was their breakthrough single for the band.

Face the Day (The Angels song)

"Face the Day" is a 1980 song by Australian rock band The Angels. It is the third single from their fourth studio album "Dark Room" and went to number 67 in Australia and number 30 in New Zealand. It was covered by Great White in 1986 for their second studio album "Shot in the Dark".


WAGR K class (1891)

The WAGR K class was one 0-6-2 side tank steam locomotive operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1891, before becoming the L class in 1894.

K class No. 19 was built by Hudswell Clarke & Coy of Leeds, England specifically for the construction of Fremantle Harbour being transferred to the Public Works Department (PWD) almost immediately after it arrived for the construction of the North Mole.

When the loco was transferred back to the WAGR both the K class designation and the number 19 were occupied by other unrelated locomotives, so the engine was reclassified No. 5 and as part of the first L class.

WAGR L class (1894)

The WAGR L class was one steam locomotive formerly designated as the K class of 1891 on the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR).

When K class No. 19 returned to the WAGR after working under the Public Works Department (PWD) to shunt at Fremantle as No. 19. In 1899 it was assigned to the Goldfields Water Supply Administration/department for the construction of the Mundaring Weir Branch Line, returning to the WAGR in 1903 and renumbered 5.

In 1910 it was sold to the Fremantle Works Department for the construction of Fremantle Dock, before returning to the PWD in 1913 for the construction of the Hotham Valley Railway (Pinjarra to Boddington) and named "Hotham". It continued to work on many construction projects around Western Australia until 1926 when it was sent to Midland Railway Workshops and scrapped.

At some point during its later PWD career, it was fitted with a G class tender in place of its bunker.

WAGR M class (1875)

The WAGR M class were a total of two steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1876 to 1911.

The WAGR M class were built by Kitson & Coy of Leeds, England in 1875 for the Northern Railway from Geraldton to Northampton, this being the first government railway in Western Australia. Both engines were used extensively on this line due to its isolation from the rest of the system and the failure of the E class. On the Northern Railway, they were numbered 1 and 2 but were renumbered to 23 and 24 in 1891.

In 1893 both engines were reallocated to Fremantle to be used on the Eastern Railway from Fremantle to Guildford. No. 24 was sold to Whittaker Brothers in 1907, while No. 23 was sold in 1911 to Bunning Brothers. No. 23 was withdrawn from timber service in 1946 before being scrapped in 1958; No. 24 was named "Dandalup" and sold to Bunning Brothers who numbered it 4 before scrapping it in 1955.

WAGR N class

The WAGR N class were a total of 42 side tank steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways from 1896 to 1960.

The WAGR N class was originally built in 1896 by Neilson & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland for suburban passenger-working around Perth on the Eastern Railway between Fremantle and Midland and later on the Kalgoorlie-Boulder Loop Line. In 1898-99 Robert Stephenson & Coy of Newcastle-upon-Tyne, England constructed another twelve adding to the original five, along with another fifteen by Nasmyth, Wilson & Coy of Salford, England in 1901.

Midland Workshops built ten more N class from 1907 to 1908 using parts from the O class, this technically being the first class built in-house by the WAGR. All were allocated to Perth by the mid-1930s with all being withdrawn by late 1960.

No. 201, built in 1898 by "Robert Stephenson & Coy", is preserved at ARHS Bassendean Railway Museum (Rail Heritage W.A.), though it is currently stored in the workshops complex on-site.

Gone till November

"Gone till November" is a 1997 song by Haitian singer Wyclef Jean and is the third single from his debut studio album "The Carnival". It went to number 7 in the United States, number 3 in the United Kingdom, number 4 in New Zealand and Canada, number 5 in Ireland, number 8 in Scotland, number 15 in the Netherlands and number 31 in Germany.







WAGR O class

The WAGR O class were a total of 56 (46) steam locomotives operated by the Western Australian Government Railways (WAGR) from 1896 to 1962.

The WAGR O class were 2-8-0s built originally by Neilson & Coy of Glasgow, Scotland between 1896 to 1898 with 36 built, and another 10 built by Dübs & Coy. From 1909 to 1912 the Midland Railway Workshops built 10 Oa class locos in addition to the O class.

The O class initially worked on rural branch lines where heavier locos were unable to operate, serving on the Eastern Railway to Fremantle and the South Western Railway to Collie. They later became heavy shunters in their later years.

The last O class to be withdrawn was No. 218 in 1962, being used as a steam cleaner at Northam before being donated to ARHS Rail Heritage W.A., it was displayed at Bassendean before being loaned to the Walkaway station museum in 2015 where it is currently displayed.

Alto guitar

Alto guitar is smaller and higher pitched than a classical guitar, and its strings are thinner. The typical scale length is about 535mm. Some people call the alto guitar the violin of the guitar orchestra.

Seven-string guitar

Seven-string guitars are used in a variety of musical styles including classical, jazz, rock, progressive rock, and heavy metal. The seven-string works well in a band setting, as its lowest note, B1 lines up well with the B0 commonly used for the lowest note of a 5+ string bass.

Ten-string guitar

The English guitar has a pear-shaped body, a flat base, and a short neck. Its distinguishing feature is that it has ten strings in six courses, of which the.

Harp guitar

The harp guitar is a guitar-based stringed instrument generally defined as a "guitar, in any of its accepted forms, with any number of additional unstopped.
