R142A (New York City Subway Car)

The R142A is a New York City Subway Car by Kawasaki. It was built and delivered from 1999 to 2003 , the R142A numbers are 7211 to 7810 and the R142 and R142A were the first series of New Technology Trains , it was built for operation on the NYC Subway A division (number services).

R188 (New York City Subway Cars)

The R188 is a New York City Subway Car by Kawasaki for the New York City Subway. This series is composed of 126 new cars built from 2012 to 2016 and 380 R142A conversation cars originally built from 1999 to 2002. The R188 are used by the A division and run exclusively on the IRT Flushing Line.

Committee Against Torture

The Committee Against Torture (CAT) is a group founded by the United Nations (UN). The Committee is a group of human rights experts that watch and supervise the United Nations Convention against Torture. The Committee is one of eight UN-related human rights agreements. All countries that have agreed to the Convention must send regular reports to the Committee on how human rights are being applied. Once a country has approved the Convention, they must send a report to the Committee in one year. After that, they must send a report every four years.

The Committee looks into each report and might tell the country some suggestions on how to improve their human rights. Sometimes, the Committee may think about complaints from people that say that their Convention rights have been broken.

Karna

Karna is one of the major characters in the epic Mahabharata. He is regarded as the Vaikartana in the epic Mahabharata. He is the son of the sun god Surya and princess Kunti (mother of the Pandavas), and thus a demigod of royal birth. 

He is known for his heroic acts as a warrior and the donor. 

Gas-s-s-s

Gas-s-s-s (on-screen title: Gas! -Or- It Became Necessary to Destroy the World in Order to Save It.) is a 1970 American science fiction black comedy movie directed by Roger Corman and starring Robert Corff, Elaine Giftos, Cindy Williams, Bud Cort, Talia Shire, George Armitage. It was distributed by American International Pictures.


Harold and Maude

Harold and Maude is a 1971 American romantic black comedy movie directed by Hal Ashby and starring Bud Cort, Ruth Gordon, Vivian Pickles, Eric Christmas, Tom Skerritt, Cyril Cusack, Charles Tyner. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and became a cult classic.


Hachijō language

Hachijō language is the language that is spoken in the island of Hachijō-jima in Tokyo.

Eduardo Flores

Eduardo Raúl Flores (23 April 1944 – 20 January 2022) was an Argentine football striker. He played for Estudiantes de La Plata in Argentina and Nancy in France.

Flores died on 20 January 2022 in Buenos Aires from cancer, aged 77.

The Adventures of God

The Adventures of God () is a 2000 Argentine fantasy drama movie directed by Eliseo Subiela and starring Pasta Dioguardi, Flor Sabatella, Daniel Freire, Lorenzo Quinteros, María Concepción César.

Clark Gillies

Clark "Jethro" Gillies (April 7, 1954 – January 21, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. He played for the New York Islanders and Buffalo Sabres of the National Hockey League between 1974 and 1988. Gilles was captain of the Islanders from 1977 to 1979. He won the Stanley Cup four years in a row with them, from 1980 to 1983. He was elected to the Hockey Hall of Fame in 2002. Gillies was born in Moose Jaw, Saskatchewan, Canada.

Gillies died on January 21, 2022 at the age of 67.

Adolfo Lugo Verduzco

Adolfo Lugo Verduzco (24 March 1933 – 21 January 2022) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). Lugo Verduzco was born in Hidalgo, Mexico. He was a Senator for Hidalgo between 1982 until 1987. He was also Governor of Hidalgo between 1987 until 1993.

Lugo Verduzco died on 21 January 2022 in Pachuca, Mexico at the age of 88.

Arthur Tarnow

Arthur Jeffrey Tarnow (February 3, 1942 – January 21, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan between 1998 until his death. He was nominated to the court by President Bill Clinton. Tarnow was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Tarnow died at a Detroit hospital on January 21, 2022 from heart disease, aged 79.

Northern cardinal

The northern cardinal ("Cardinalis cardinalis") is a bird in the genus "Cardinalis"; it is also known as the redbird, common cardinal, red cardinal, or just cardinal. It can be found in southeastern Canada, through the eastern United States from Maine to Minnesota to Texas, New Mexico, Illinois southern Arizona, southern California, and south through Mexico, Belize, and Guatemala. 

The northern cardinal is the state bird of seven U.S. states, more than any other species: Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, North Carolina, Ohio, Virginia, and West Virginia. It was also a candidate to become the state bird of Delaware, but lost to the Delaware Blue Hen.

Subhash Bhowmick

Subhash Bhowmick (2 October 1950 – 22 January 2022) was an Indian footballer and manager. During his playing career, he played for East Bengal and Mohun Bagan. He also played for the Indian national team between 1970 and 1985. Bhowmick was born in English Bazar, Malda, West Bengal, India.

Bhowmick died in Ekbalpur, India on 22 January 2022 from problems caused by kidney disease and diabetes at the age of 71.

India

Bengal

East Bengal

Mohun Bagan

East Bengal
Churchill Brothers


Gianni Di Marzio

Gianni Di Marzio (8 January 1940 – 22 January 2022) was an Italian football manager. He was born in Naples, Italy. He was known for managing Napoli, Catania and Catanzaro. His managing career lasted from 1968 until 2016. Between 1963 until 1964, he played for S.S. Juve Stabia.

Di Marzio died in Padua, Italy on 22 January 2022, two weeks after his 82nd birthday.

Colm Keane

Colm Keane (1951 – 22 January 2022) was an Irish author, broadcaster and journalist. He wrote 29 books, including eight No.1 Irish best-sellers. He was born in County Cork, Ireland. In the 1980s, he was hired to work with RTÉ Radio 1.

Keane died on 22 January 2022, aged 70.

Karen Mayne

Karen Mayne (born April 6) is an American politician. She is a member of the Utah Senate from the 5th District since 2008. She became the state senate's minority leader in 2019. Mayne was born in Salt Lake City, Utah. Mayne is a member of the Democratic Party.

In January 2022, Mayne was hospitalized after falling at her home and suffered from a head and shoulder injury. She was later diagnosed with cancer.

Alta, Utah

Alta is a town in eastern Salt Lake County, Utah, United States. It is part of the Salt Lake City, Utah Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 228 at the 2020 census.

Saada prison airstrike

On 21 January 2022, an airstrike hit a prison in Saada, Yemen. It killed at least 100 people and injured more than 200 others.

Fighter jets from the Saudi military coalition bombed a makeshift prison in Saada province, killing at least 87 prisoners. Those injured in the attack are still being rescued.

Saada

Saada () is the capital city of Saada Governorate in north-western Yemen. Its population in 2004 was about 51,870. 

Ben Dunne Sr.

Ben Dunne (19 May 1908 – 14 April 1983) was the founder of Dunnes Stores.

Ben Dunne was born Bernard Dunne on 19 May 1908, in County Down, Ireland. When he was young, he would often pick berries and help at a butcher’s shop. He went to St. Mary's School until he was 14 years old.

In 1926, when he was 18, after deciding not to emigrate to the United States, Dunne moved to Drogheda and worked in Anderson's Drapery store there, he then moved to Cameron's Drapery Store in Longford before finally moving to Roches Stores in Cork in the mid–1930s, it was there he met his wife Nora Maloney, they married in 1939.

In 1944, Ben Dunne left Roches Stores to open his own store, Dunnes Stores, on Patrick's Street in Cork. Police were forced to deal with crowds on opening day. He made an agreement with Des Darrer until 1952, when Darrer rebranded the Dunnes Stores as Darrers Stores, it closed down in 2007.

In 1960, groceries were introduced to Dunnes Stores, and he saw a number of changes in the 1960s and 1970s, he died of a heart attack on 14 April 1983, at the age of 74.

Pseudis paradoxa

The paradoxical swimming frog, paradox frog, jackie, jacky, proteus frog, swimming frog, or paradoxical frog ("Pseudis paradoxa") is a frog that lives in Colombia, the Guianas, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, Bolivia, Trinidad, and Peru.

Most adult frogs are 45 to 65 mm long from nose to rear end, but some of them can be more than 75 mm long.

The skin on the frog's back is green toward the head and front. It is brown toward the rear end. It can have three or four brown lines. The frog's belly is white.

This frog eats insects and smaller frogs.

This frog mates after rain or other wet weather. The male frogs hide next to plants near the top of the water and sing for females. The females lay eggs that look like green froth on the top of the water.

If the mother frog lays eggs in a temporary body of water (the kind that dries up), the tadpoles turn into frogs quickly. If the mother frog lays eggs in a permanent body of water, the tadpoles stay tadpoles for a long time. These tadpoles grow to huge sizes.

The tadpoles of this frog can grow to be 22.0 cm long, much larger than the adult frogs. This is one of the largest tadpoles of any frog in the world. It is smaller when it is an adult than when it is a tadpole.

The name "paradox" here means "riddle" or "something backwards." For this frog, it means that the tadpole is larger than the adult.

Agra Fort

The historical fort of Agra is located in the Indian city of Agra. It was constructed by the Mughal Emperor Akbar between 1565 and 1573.

Up until the Mughals seized it during the Mughal Dynasty, until 1638, when the capital was moved from Agra to Delhi, it served as the primary palace for the Sikarwar clan of Rajput monarchs. 

It was also known as "Lal-Qila","Fort Rouge", and "Qila-i-Akbari".The Marathas were the last Indian kings to rule it before being taken by the British. 

The Agra Fort was officially listed as a UNESCO World Heritage Site in 1983. It is located around 2.5 kilometers northwest of the Taj Mahal, it's more well-known sibling structure. 

The walled city is a better way to characterize the fort. 

The past of Agra Fort before Mahmud Ghaznavi's assault is unknown, just like the rest of Agra. However, the Chauhan Rajputs took control of it in the 15th century. 

Sikandar Lodi (A.D. 1487–1517), who relocated his capital from Delhi to Agra and built a few structures in the already-existing Fort at Agra, gave that city its position as the nation's capital shortly after.

The Mughals seized control of the fort and ruled from it after the First Battle of Panipat (1526 A.D.). Humayun was crowned there in A.D. 1530. Throughout the reign of Akbar, the fort acquired its current look.

Currently, it serves as a tourist destination and is maintained by the government.

US Bergerac rugby

The Union sportive Bergerac rugby valley of Dordogne is a French rugby union club. It is based in Bergerac, in the Dordogne department.

He is playing in Federal 2 for the 2021-2022 season. 

Paris Peace Accords

The Paris Peace Accords was a peace treaty signed on January 27, 1973. It was planned to end the Vietnam War and restore peace in Vietnam. Henry Kissinger and Lê Đức Thọ were awarded the Nobel Peace Prize for their efforts. Lê Đức Thọ did not want it because there was not any peace. The agreement's rules were broken by both North and South Vietnamese forces. Two years later, this led to North Vietnam taking Saigon, then combined it into Modern Day Vietnam.

The Fairly OddParents: Fairly Odder

The Fairly OddParents or The Fairly OddParents: Fairly Odder is an live-action animated fantasy sitcom television streaming series based on the series of the same name set to premiere aired on Paramount+ in late March 31, 2022. The new series will follow Timmy Turner's cousin, Vivian "Viv" Turner, and her new stepbrother, Roy Ragland, as they navigate life in Dimmsdale with the help of their fairy godparents, Cosmo and Wanda.

Scota

Scota and Scotia are the names given to the mythological daughters of two different Egyptian pharaohs in Irish mythology and Scottish mythology. The legends vary but all agree that a Scota was the ancestor of the Gaels. They traced their ancestry to Irish invaders, called Scotti. The Scotti settled in Argyll and Caledonia. These area later became Scotland.

Ōno, Fukui


From Japanese census data,


Sakai, Fukui


From Japanese census data,


List of programs broadcast by Cartoonito

This is a list of television programs currently or formerly broadcast on Cartoon Network and Max's Cartoonito (and its predecessor unbranded block and "Tickle U") in the United States.


Tsuruga, Fukui


From Japanese census data,


António Lima Pereira

António José Lima Pereira (1 February 1952 – 22 January 2022) was a Portuguese footballer. He played as a central defender. Pereira made twenty appearances for the national team between 1981 until 1985. He was born in Póvoa de Varzim, Portugal.

Pereira died on 22 January 2022, aged 69.

Emerich Roth

Emerich Roth (28 August 1924 – 22 January 2022) was a Czechoslovakian-born Swedish author and lecturer. He was known for his works about spreading information about racism and violence committed by the Nazis during the Holocaust. Roth was a Holocaust survivor and was sent to Auschwitz concentration camp.

Elio Pietrini

Elio Pietrini (2 January 1939 – 18 January 2022) was an Argentine-born Venezuelan actor. He appeared in many telenovelas. Pietrini was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He was known for his role as Rubén in "Abigail". He also appeared in "Amores de fin de siglo" and "Destino de Mujer".

Pietrini died on 18 January 2022 in Miami, Florida from COVID-19, aged 83.

COVID-19 pandemic in Pennsylvania

The COVID-19 pandemic was first seen in the state of Pennsylvania in March 2020. As of January 22, 2022, almost 2,543,000 people had tested positive for COVID-19. In addition, as of the same date, almost 39,400 had died after testing positive.

The COVID-19 numbers improved slightly in late January 2022 in Pennsylvania.

As of January 22, 2022, most of the state's cases were in or near Erie, Pittsburgh, Allentown and York-Gettysburg-Lancaster.


Lucy Koh

Lucy Haeran Koh (born August 7, 1968) is an American politician and lawyer. She is the United States Circuit Judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit since 2021. She was nominated to the court by President Joe Biden. She is the first Korean American woman to be a federal appellate court in the United States. 

Koh was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Northern District of California between 2010 until 2021. She was nominated to this court by President Barack Obama.

Cailleach

Cailleach, also known as Beara, was a goddess in Ancient Celtic mythology. She is often portrayed as the founding deity of Scotland. Cailleach is sometimes regarded as the daughter of the Irish moon god, Elier mac Delbáed. She was worshipped as a heavenly hag, and supreme being.

 ('old woman' or 'hag' in modern Irish and Scottish Gaelic) comes from the Old Irish ('veiled one'), an adjectival form of ('veil'), an early loan from Latin , 'woollen cloak'.

The Ventures

The Ventures are an American instrumental rock band. They were formed in 1958 in Tacoma, Washington, by Don Wilson and Bob Bogle. The band was a four member group that helped make the electric guitar popular in the United States and across the world during the 1960s. However, they were very popular in Japan.

John Rambo (athlete)

John Barnett Rambo (August 9, 1943 – January 8, 2022) was an American professional basketball player and high jumper. He won a bronze medal in the 1964 Summer Olympics in Tokyo. Rambo was born in Atlanta, Texas.

Rambo died on January 8, 2022 from a heart attack in Paramount, California at the age of 78.

Crooked Streets

Crooked Streets is a 1920 American spy drama movie directed by Paul Powell and was based on the short story "Dinner at Eight" by Samuel Merwin. It stars Ethel Clayton, Jack Holt, Clyde Fillmore, Clarence Geldart, Joseph Crowell and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Eggenfelden

Eggenfelden is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany.

Eggenfelden is in the valley of the Rott at the intersection of B 20 with the B 388 and the beginning of the B 588. The city has two railway stations on the railway Passau - Neumarkt - Sankt Veit as well as an airfield (airfield Eggenfelden). Eggenfelden is about 56 km southeast of Landshut, 60 km south of Straubing, 70 km south-west of Passau, 84 kilometers north of Salzburg and 110 kilometers east of Munich.

The municipality Eggenfelden has 119 officially named districts:


Egglham

Egglham is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Ering

Ering is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

List of gay, lesbian or bisexual people: W–Z

List of gay, lesbian or bisexual people: W–Z.

Ellery Queen (TV series)

Ellery Queen is an American mystery drama series that aired on NBC. It was based on the fictional character of the same name and ran for one season and 22 episodes from 11 September, 1975 to 4 April, 1976. It starred Jim Hutton as the title character and David Wayne as the inspector.

Proterra Catalyst BE40

The Proterra Catalyst BE40 is a low floor, battery electric transit bus made by Proterra Catalyst. It was first made as the 40 - foot Catalyst BE40 at the 2014 APTA Bus and Paratransit Conference in Kansas City. Foothill Transit, the launch customer for the first generation bus, was the first to order the latest generation bus. The BE40 has Battery Electric Propulsion. This bus has probably retired from MTA NYC Transit because it was replaced by The XDE40 and the XE40.

M (New York City Subway service)

The M Queens Boulevard Local/Sixth Avenue Local is a rapid transit service in the B division of the New York City Subway. It’s route or bullet has been colored Orange , Since it uses the IND Sixth Avenue Line in Manhattan . The M operates on weekdays . But on weekends , it terminates at Essex St in Manhattan or Myrtle Av in Brooklyn. The M runs between Middle Village - Metropolitan Ave and Forest Hills - 71 Ave , it’s equipment is the Alstom R160A-1.

Federal Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission

The Federal Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission (FEACC) is a commission headquartered in Addis Ababa by the Government of Ethiopia. 
FEACC is responsible for controlling Ethiopia's corruption problems and making the country less corrupt and more lawful. The Federal Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission is accountable to the Prime Minister of Ethiopia.

Under Proclamation No. 1236-2020 the Federal Ethic and Anti-Corruption Commission is charged with "it has become necessary to prevent corruption and impropriety and to create a society of good ethical values and moral which shall not condone but rather prepared to resolutely combat corruption; in order to arid, sustain the development, peace and democratic process in our country." The Federal Ethics and Anti-Corruption Commission has had the authority to press charges to individuals and has had brought charges to high-ranking government officials to high courts and businessmen in 2013. But later the role of prosecuting and investigation went to the Federal Police Commission and the Ministry of Justice.

The FEACC has the powers to register assets and has had to disclose the names of government officials to denied registering their assets to the FEACC. The FEACC under No.668/2010 has the authority to demand anyone including the President and Prime Minister of the country to register their assets to the FEACC and coming to their headquarters to do so.

The Federal Ethics Commission is "The Commission is comprised of various Directorates and three Services. The Directorates are:

The Commissioner’s Office and the Deputy Commissioner’s Office are also part of the Organizational set-up. The Commission currently has 282 staff members (164 male and 118 female)."

Osman Hussein (politician)

Osman Hussein Osman (born 1951) is a Sudanese politician. He became the Acting Prime Minister of Sudan in January 2022 after Abdalla Hamdok's resignation.

Léon Walras

Léon Walras (16 December 1834-5 January 1910) was a French economist. He started what is known as Lausanne school, or Marginalism today. He looked at market equlibrium. He started general equilibrium theory. For this, he looked at marginal utility: This is the added benefit of consuming another unit of an economic good. His thoughts are very important for Neoclassical econmics. In general equilibrium theory, he looked at a scenario, where there are (an unspecified, large) number of households and companies, who act on several markets: He postulated that what is true in one market, in equilibrium must be true for all of them: There is a system of price determination that has the property that supply and demand match on all markets. Abraham Wald could prove this hhypothesis only much later. Today, it is part of the Arrow–Debreu model. 

Hawaiian Kingdom

The Hawaiian Kingdom, or Kingdom of Hawaiʻi, was a sovereign state located in the Hawaiian Islands. 

The country was formed in 1795, when the warrior chief Kamehameha the Great, of the independent island of Hawaiʻi, conquered the independent islands of Oʻahu, Maui, Molokaʻi and Lānaʻi and unified them under one government. In 1810, the whole Hawaiian archipelago became unified when Kauaʻi and Niʻihau joined the Hawaiian Kingdom voluntarily. Two major dynastic families ruled the kingdom: the House of Kamehameha and the House of Kalākaua.

Major European powers recognised the country. The United States became its chief trading partner and watched over it to prevent some other power (such as Britain or Japan) from threatening to seize control. Hawaiʻi was forced to adopt a new constitution in 1887. King Kalākaua signed it, because the Honolulu Rifles, an anti-monarchist militia, thratened him. Queen Liliʻuokalani, who succeeded Kalākaua in 1891, tried to replace the 1887 constitution with a new one. She was but was overthrown in 1893, largely at the hands of the Committee of Safety, a group of residents consisting of Hawaiian subjects and foreign nationals of American, British and German descent, many of whom had been educated in the US, had lived there for a time. Hawaiʻi was an independent republic until the U.S. annexed it through the Newlands Resolution, on July 4, 1898. This created the Territory of Hawaii. United States Public Law 103-150 adopted in 1993 (informally known as the Apology Resolution), acknowledged that "the overthrow of the Kingdom of Hawaii occurred with the active participation of agents and citizens of the United States" and also "that the Native Hawaiian people never directly relinquished to the United States their claims to their inherent sovereignty as a people over their national lands, either through the Kingdom of Hawaii or through a plebiscite or referendum."

Jardins du manoir d'Eyrignac

The gardens of the Eyrignac manor are located in Salignac-Eyvigues, in the Dordogne, in the Périgord noir (New Aquitaine region). They received the Remarkable Garden label in 2005 and have been included in the additional list of Historic Monuments of the 17th and 18th centuries since 1986. They are located not far from the Caves of Lascaux and Sarlat-la-Canéda.

MARCOS

The Marine Commandos, abbreviated to MARCOS and officially called the Marine Commando Force (MCF), are the special forces unit of the Indian Navy and is responsible for conducting special operations.

Driving Miss Daisy

Driving Miss Daisy is a 1989 American comedy-drama movie directed by Bruce Beresford and was based on the 1987 play of the same name by Alfred Uhry. It stars Jessica Tandy, Morgan Freeman, Dan Aykroyd, Patti LuPone, Esther Rolle, Joann Havrilla and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for 9 Oscars and won 4 Academy Awards in 1990.


Pseudis fusca

The Pseudis fusca is a frog that lives in Minas Gerais, Brazil.

Religious experience

Sometimes people make experiences which they see in the context of a belief system. They call these experiences religious experiences, spiritual experiences, sacred experiences, or mystical experiences. William James made the concept popular, in the 19th century. He did this to fight the growing rationalism of Western society. 

In many religions, such experieces are called revelations. This also applies to the knowledge that comes from them. These religions say that a god or gods caused these revelations, and that they are not a result of a natural cause. They are considered real encounters with God or gods, or real contact with higher-order realities of which humans are not ordinarily aware.
Skeptics say that these religious experiences are a normal feature of the human brain. As such, they can be studied in the same way other features of the brain are studied. To better be able to study them, scholars have classified such experiences in different ways.

Psychologist and philosopher William James described four characteristics of mystical experience in "The Varieties of Religious Experience." According to James, such an experience is:



The notion of "religious experience" can be traced back to William James. He used the term "religious experience" in his book, "The Varieties of Religious Experience". It is considered to be the classic work in the field. At professional conferences, people often cite this book. James makes a difference between institutional religion and personal religion. Institutional religion refers to the religious group or organization, and plays an important part in a society's culture. Personal religion, in which the individual has mystical experience, can be experienced regardless of the culture.

The term has been used before James, though. In the 18th, 19th, and 20th centuries, several historical figures said that religion and its beliefs can be grounded in experience itself. Many of these views had a lot of influence. Kant said that moral experience justified religious beliefs. John Wesley also thought that the religious experiences in the Methodist movement (paralleling the Romantic Movement) were a basis to religious commitment as a way of life.

The notion of "experience" has been criticised.

The term "Religious empiricism" is seen as highly problematic. Karl Barth saidf that the term was wrong altogether. Some influential modern scholars holding this liberal theological view are Charles Raven and the Oxford physicist/theologian Charles Coulson.

Robert Sharf points out that "experience" is a typical Western term, which has found its way into Asian religiosity via western influences. The notion of "experience" introduces a false idea of duality between "experiencer" and "experienced". In kensho there is no duality of observer and observed. "Pure experience" does not exist; all experience is mediated by intellectual and cognitive activity. The specific teachings and practices of a given tradition may even determine what "experience" someone has; this means that this "experience" is not the "proof" of the teaching, but a "result" of the teaching. A pure consciousness without concepts, reached by "cleansing the doors of perception", would be an overwhelming chaos of sensory input without coherence.


Bangladesh A

The Bangladesh A cricket team, simply known as Bangladesh A, also known as Bangladesh Emerging cricket team, is a cricket team representing Bangladesh, and is the second tier of international Bangladeshi cricket below the full Bangladesh national cricket team.

Bangladesh Cricket Board

The Bangladesh Cricket board (, also known as BCB, is the governing body of cricket in Bangladesh. The Bangladesh Cricket Board first became an associate member of the International Cricket Council in 1977 and on 26 June 2000 became a Full Member. The board has its headquarter at Sher-e-Bangla National Cricket Stadium in Mirpur, Dhaka.

Ben Giroux

Benjamin Scott Giroux (born October 24, 1984) is an American actor, director and producer. He is best known for portraying The Toddler in Henry Danger, The Adventures of Kid Danger and Danger Force on Nickelodeon, Mikey Munroe in Bunsen Is a Beast also for Nickelodeon and Little Zach in Hart of Dixie for The CW. He is also set to voice the main character in Big Nate from Nickelodeon on Paramount+.

Charlie Schlatter

Charles Thomas Schlatter (born May 1, 1966) is an American actor who has appeared in numerous films and television series. He is best known for portraying Dr. Jesse Travis, the resident student of Dr. Mark Sloan (Dick Van Dyke) on the CBS series Diagnosis: Murder and for starring in the big screen comedy 18 Again!, opposite George Burns. Since the 1990s, he continues to work mainly as a voice actor.

Flydubai Flight 981

Flydubai Flight 981 was a scheduled international passenger flight from Dubai International Airport, in the United Arab Emirates. On 19 March 2016, the Boeing 737-800 crashed while landing at Rostov-on-Don Airport in Russia. There were no survivors, a total of 62 people between passengers and crew lost their lives in the tragic accident.
The captain was 37-year-old Aristos Sokratous, from Cyprus. He had over 6,000 hours of total flying time, including 4,905 hours on the Boeing 737. Sokratous was promoted to captain a year and a half before the crash. At the time of the crash, he had intended to quit the airline after accepting a job from Ryanair, which would allow him to be based with his family in Cyprus. His wife was due to give birth to their first child a few weeks after the crash. According to several Flydubai staff members, Sokratous decided to leave the airline mainly because of fatigue and lifestyle issues.

The first officer, 36-year-old Alejandro Cruz Álava, was from Spain. He had more than 5,700 hours of flying time, with 1,100 of them on the Boeing 737. He started flying with Flydubai in 2013, two years before the crash, and had previously flown two regional airlines in the Spanish Canary Islands – Binter and Naysa – before joining the company.

According to the final report by the Interstate Aviation Committee (IAC), the accident flight was both pilots' first ever flight to Rostov. The captain had experience flying into other Russian airports, but the first officer did not.

List of programs broadcast by Toon Disney

This is a list of television programs that have been broadcast by Toon Disney (now Disney XD) in the United States. The channel was launched on April 18, 1998, as a spinoff of Disney Channel, and aired mostly syndicated animated programming, ranging from action to comedy.

The first program broadcast on Toon Disney was the Mickey Mouse segment from "Fantasia" titled "The Sorcerer's Apprentice". It was followed by a sampling of other Mickey Mouse shorts and episodes of "Timon and Pumbaa", "The New Adventures of Winnie the Pooh", "Goof Troop", "TaleSpin", and "Aladdin".

The list does not include the programs that were introduced as Jetix, a block on Toon Disney that ran from 2004 to 2009.




European wars of religion

In the Protestant Reformation, a number of people criticizes the Roman Catholic Church. People such as Martin Luther, Jean Calvin, Huldrych Zwingli or Jan Hus were reformers: In the end, each of them had followers which started their own church. Today, most of these Churches are known as Protestant. In the European wars of religion, countries, but also local leaders fought for influence. Most of the time one side of the warring fraction was Catholics, the other was Protestants. 
Examples of these wars:

Nanda Saukhya Bhare

Nanda Saukhya Bhare is a Marathi language television drama series that aired on Zee Marathi from 20 July 2015 to 1 October 2016.


The series premiered from Monday to Saturday at 7.30 pm by replacing "Ase He Kanyadan".

Linear-feedback shift register

A linear-feedback shift register is a shift register which will produce a sequence of numbers. The next value of the sequence depends on the current value. Thie first value is usually called seed. Usually, the function XOR is used to link two consecutive values. Commonly, the function XOR is used on a bit-level. With n bits, it is possible to represent 2 numbers, so after 2-1 values the sequence will repat. In computing, linear-feedback shift registers are commonly used to compute pseudorandom numbers.
There are two common types:
Both are equivalent, but they produduce different sequences

Tuza Maza Breakup

Tuza Maza Breakup is a Marathi language television drama series that aired on Zee Marathi from 18 September 2017 to 11 August 2018.


The series premiered from Monday to Saturday.

Pasant Aahe Mulgi

Pasant Aahe Mulgi was an Indian Marathi language television program that aired on Zee Marathi from 25 January 2016 to 20 August 2016.

Pasant Ahe Mulgi is about the out-going Urmi and mischievous but sweet, Vasu. Pasant Ahe Mulgi will show us how a match made in heaven will face turmoil on earth when their families come face to face. Vasu’s father has strong religious beliefs, whereas Urmi’s family is a typical middle class family with contemporary thoughts. How will these two families with opposite thoughts come together? Will Vasu’s family like Urmi? Will the matching of minds be enough or will Vasu’s family ask for a girl with a perfect horoscope match for their son?


The series was broadcast from Monday to Saturday at 8 pm by replacing the show "Honar Sun Me Hya Gharchi".

Honar Sun Me Hya Gharchi

Honar Sun Me Hya Gharchi (translation: "I Am Going To Be The Daughter-In-Law Of This House") is an Indian Marathi-language television show which aired on Zee Marathi from 15 July 2013 to 24 January 2016 and completed 808 episodes altogether. Written by Madhugandha Kulkarni and directed by Mandar Devasthali, the show stars Tejashree Pradhan and Shashank Ketkar in titular roles and is currently available online on ZEE5.
Kingdom of Serbia

The Kingdom of Serbia () was a country in the Balkans which was created when the ruler of the Principality of Serbia, Milan I, was proclaimed king in 1882. It Collapsed in 1918 and merged with Slovenia,Croatia,Bosnia,and Montenegro into the Kingdom of Serbs, Croats and Slovenes or better known as the Kingdom of Yugoslavia after the Austro-Hungarian Empire collapsed in 1918 along with the German Empire while the Ottoman Empire collapsed in 1923 after World War 1 .

Nick Diaz

Nickolas Robert Diaz born August 2, 1983 is an American mixed martial artist. He competes in the middleweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship UFC. Former Strikeforce, WEC and IFC welterweight champion. 


List of programs broadcast by Jetix (block)

"For list of Jetix programs around the world, see List of programs broadcast by Jetix."

This is a list of television programs broadcast on the Jetix blocks on Toon Disney and ABC Family.


NOAA Weather Radio

NOAA Weather Radio or NWR is an automatic 24-hour weather radio network broadcasted in the United States.

It plays weather information direct from a nearby National Weather Service office. It will normally play normal weather information. This includes weather forecasts. In the case of bad weather, it will play the watches and warnings.

Alen Simonyan

Alen Roberti Simonyan (Armenian:Ալեն Ռոբերտի Սիմոնյան; born 5 January 1980) is an Armenian politician. He is the President of the National Assembly of Armenia since 2021. In 2022, he became the Acting President of Armenia following the resignation of Armen Sarkissian.

Lavrentije Trifunović

Lavrentije Trifunović (; 27 January 1935 – 23 January 2022) was a Serbian Orthodox bishop. He was born in Bogoštica, Yugoslavia.

Trifunović was the Bishop of Šabac between 2006 and his death. He was Bishop of Šabac and Valjevo (1989–2006), Bishop of Western Europe (1973–1989), Bishop of Western Europe and Australia (1969–1973) and Vicar Bishop of Moravica (1967–1969).

Trifunović died on 23 January 2022 at a military hospital in Belgrade, Serbia, four days before his 87th birthday.

R. Nagaswamy

Ramachandran Nagaswamy (10 August 1930 – 23 January 2022) was an Indian historian, archaeologist and epigraphist. He was known for his work on temple works and art history of Tamil Nadu. He was a Director of the Tamil Nadu Archaeology Department from 1966 until 1988. He was awarded India's third highest civilian award the Padma Bhushan in 2018. Nagaswamy was born in Madras, India.

Nagaswamy died on 23 January 2022 at his home in Chennai, India at the age of 91.

Federal Police Commission

The Federal Police Commission is an Ethiopian federal government law enforcement agency. It was established in 1995 to serve and protect the public from crimes and terrorism. It is the equivalent to the FBI. It has the role to safeguard the constitution provide prosecution for federal crimes and possible help for the public peace at highly volatile times.

The Federal Police is equivalent to the FBI, ATF and other foreign agencies as one whole organization. It has the powers to prosecute criminals by its own and arrest also. They are the main law enforcement agency in the country and can enforce the majority of federal laws throughout the nation. They have taken lead in charging individuals suspected in corruption inside the country from the FEACC. 

There are 16 ranks in the FPC, the last rank is considered the highest rank which is the Commissioner General. The organization is under a parent ministry, the ministry of peace. 


Jean-Claude Mézières

Jean-Claude Mézières (; 23 September 1938 – 23 January 2022) was a French "bandes dessinées" artist and illustrator. He was known for his Wild West-inspired comics. His best known works were "Valérian and Laureline", "Lady Polaris" and "Canal Choc". Mézières was born in Paris, France.

Mézières died on 23 January 2022, aged 83.

Keto Losaberidze

Ketevan "Keto" Losaberidze (, 1 August 1949 – 23 January 2022) was a Georgian archer. She competed for the Soviet Union at the 1972 and 1980 Olympics. She won a gold medal in 1980, becoming the only Soviet Olympic champion in archery. She was born in Tqibuli, Georgian SSR, Soviet Union.

Losaberidze died on 23 January 2022 in Tbilisi, Georgia, at the age of 72.

Barbara Krafftówna

Barbara Krafftówna, Barbara Krafft-Seidner (5 December 1928 – 23 January 2022) was a Polish actress. She appeared in more than 40 movies and television shows between 1953 and 2020. She was born in Warsaw, Poland. She was known for her roles in "Tonight a City Will Die" (1961), "How to Be Loved" (1963), "The Saragossa Manuscript" (1965) and "The Codes" (1966).

Krafftówna died in Skolimow, Poland on 23 January 2022, at the age of 93.

Hartmut Becker

Hartmut Becker (6 May 1938 – 22 January 2022) was a German actor. He played Sgt. Gustav Wagner in "Escape From Sobibor" in 1987. He also starred in the 1970 movie "o.k".

Becker died on 22 January 2022 in Berlin, Germany at the age of 83.

Romualdo Coviello

Romualdo Coviello (8 May 1940 – 21 January 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Christian Democracy party, the Italian People's Party, and Democracy is Freedom – The Daisy. He was in the Senate of the Republic from 1987 to 2006. He was born in Avigliano, Italy.

Coviello died in Rome, Italy on 21 January 2022, at the age of 81.

Avigliano

Avigliano (Lucano: ) is a town and "comune" in the province of Potenza, in the southern Italian region of Basilicata. 

José Augusto Curvo

José Augusto da Silva Curvo (27 August 1949 – 20 January 2022), also known as Tampinha, was a Brazilian politician. He was a member of the Social Democracy Party and later the Democratic Labour Party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1991 to 1995 and again in 2016. She was born in Cuiabá, Brazil.

Curvo died on 20 January 2022, at the age of 72.

Heidi Biebl

Heidi Biebl (17 February 1941 – 20 January 2022) was a German alpine skier. Biebl won gold medal in the downhill at the 1960 Winter Olympics. She also competed at the 1964 Winter Olympics, finishing fourth. She was born in Oberstaufen, Bavaria, Germany.

Biebl died on 20 January 2022, at the age of 80.

Jouni Seistamo

Jouni Veli Juhani Seistamo (9 November 1939 – 9 January 2022) was a Finnish professional ice hockey player. He played for Tappara in the SM-liiga. Seistamo was born in Tampere, Finland. He was honored into the Finnish Hockey Hall of Fame in 1986. He also competed at the 1960 Winter Olympics and the 1964 Winter Olympics. 

Seistamo died in January 2022, at the age of 82.

T.J. Dillashaw

Tyler Jeffrey Dillashaw born February 7, 1986 in Sonora, California. Is an American mixed martial artist. He is competing at the flyweight and bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He is a former two-time UFC Bantamweight Champion.


Nokia 770 Internet tablet

Nokia 770 (has known name is: Nokia 770 Internet tablet) was an Nokia internet tablet developer of Nokia Corporation.

It was announced on May 25, 2005 and release of United States on November 3, 2005. In Canada on November 5, 2005 and United Kingdom on November 10, 2005.

In April 2008, Nokia announced they will be ended support of Nokia 770 Internet tablet, because was no longer after release in November 2005. In May 6, 2008, they will be ended of Nokia 770 sales in Nokia website. Nokia 770 was discontinued on May 18, 2008.


Thierry Mugler

Manfred Thierry Mugler (; 21 December 1948 – 23 January 2022) was a French fashion designer. He was born in Strasbourg, France. Mugler was openly gay. He was known for designing Demi Moore's dress from "Indecent Proposal". He also created a line of fragrances and perfumes called "Angel".

Mugler died on 23 January 2022 at his home in Paris, one month after his 73rd birthday.

Aroma compound

An aroma compound, also known as an odorant, aroma, fragrance or flavor, is a chemical compound that has a smell or odor. Examples of things that have an aroma compound can be perfumes or fruits.

Counter Terrorist Specialist Firearms Officer

The Counter Terrorist Specialist Firearms Officer (CTSFO) is a department within the Metropolitan Police of the UK. It doesn't only have jurisdiction in London but across the whole country. 

The CTSFO firearms officer have reasonability's in conducting warrant operations in London or other parts in UK for high-risk situations or counter terrorism operations across the Kingdom. They also escort high risk diplomats when entering the nation. 

CTSFO is the highest standard of authorized firearms officer within the National Police Firearms Training Curriculum (NPFTC). Both of them were established by the Metropolitan Police Service in 2012.

Robbie Moore

Robert David "Robbie" Moore (May 3, 1954 – January 6, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey goaltender. He played for the Philadelphia Flyers and Washington Capitals for the National Hockey League between 1978 until 1984. Moore was born in Sarnia, Ontario, Canada.

Moore died on January 6, 2022 in Sarnia at the age of 67. 

Preet Chandi

Harpreet Kaur Chandi (born 1988 or 1989) is a British Army medical officer and physiotherapist. She is the first known woman of colour to finish a solo expedition to reach the South Pole. She finished her expedition on 3 January 2022.

Chandi joined the Army Reserves when she was 19 and then the British Army at 27. On 23 March 2013, she was a lance corporal. She received a Territorial Army commission as a lieutenant in the Royal Army Medical Corps (RAMC). She was promoted to captain on 15 December 2016. 

She was commissioned into the Army Reserves in 2012 and joined the Regular Army in 2016.

Chandi began her solo expedition on 7 November 2021, leaving from Antarctica's Hercules Inlet. The journey to the South Pole involved travelling a distance of . Chandi was not the first woman to successfully complete a solo expedition to the South Pole, with the journey first being undertaken by Norway's Liv Arnesen. It was not until 1935 that the first woman, Caroline Mikkelsen walked on any part of the Antarctic continent.

Chandi completed her journey in 40 days, 7 hours and 3 minutes, making her the third fastest solo woman to reach the South Pole, behind Johanna Davidsson of Sweden and Hannah McKeand from Great Britain. Felicity Aston was the first solo woman and first person to only use muscle power to complete the challenge taking 59 days.


Takahiro Moriuchi

Moriuchi Takahiro ( born April 17, 1988, in Tokyo) is known as Taka, the lead vocalist of Japanese rock band ONE OK ROCK. He was listed as “50 Greatest Rockstars in the World” on Kerrang! magazine in 2017. He was a member of NEWS until he left the group in Earlier life

He was born as a first son between and . They are both well known singers in Japan. He went to Keio elementary school and continued to study at Keio middle school. In the first year of his middle school, he entered Johnny's office in 2001. He made his debut as a member of a group “NEWS” in September 2003.   He gained his career so quickly that he was bashed by the fans. They were saying that Taka gained his career because of his parents, not his skills. In December 2003, a weekly magazine posted a scandal. The subject was a suspicion of Taka drinking alcohol and smoking cigarettes. He left Johnny's office after this scandal. In 2005, his parents divorced. He joined the band ONE OK ROCK in the following year. The group continued to grow and became famous around the world as a rock star.




Taka said he studied English pronunciation by listening to Linkin Park’s songs again and again. He is well known for his song “"New Divide"” from the movie “ <nowiki>"</nowiki>. Taka was planning to sing in his concert as a guest. However, the concert had been canceled due to Chester Bennington’s(Vocalist) sudden death. He attended “Linkin Park and Friends Celebrate Life in Honor of Chester Bennington <nowiki>"</nowiki> and sang “Somewhere I Belong” to mourn Chester’s death.


Taka saw this band when he was young and dreamed of becoming a bandman. Kenken (member of Rize) said that the band ONE OK ROCK was built mostly based on Rize in the interview. 


Fall Out Boy is a band from the early 2000s. Taka said in his interview that he was positively influenced by this band. He also played as an opening act in Fall Out Boy’s concert. The band is famously known for the song “"Immortals"” from the movie “"Big Hero 6"”. 


Hilario Candela

Hilario Candela (June 4, 1934 – January 18, 2022) was a Cuban-born American architect. He was best known for his design of the Miami Marine Stadium on Virginia Key, Florida. Candela was born in Havana, Cuba. He also helped design the Knight Center Complex and some campuses at the University of Miami and Miami Dade College.

Candela died on January 18, 2022 in Coral Gables, Florida from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 87.

2022 Abu Dhabi attack

The 2022 Abu Dhabi attack was a attack against three oil tanker trucks and an airport extension in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. It was led by the Houthi movement using drones, ballistic missiles and cruise missiles. 

The attack was named "Operation Hurricane" by the Houthis. 3 civilians (two were Indian, and another from Pakistan) were killed and 6 others were injured by a drone attack. 

Houthi movement

The Houthi movement (; "al-Ḥūthīyūn" ), officially called Ansar Allah (' "Supporters of God") and simply known as Houthis, is an Islamist political and armed movement. It began in Saada in Northern Yemen in the 1990s. The Houthi movement is a Zaidi Shia majority force. 

Under the leadership of Hussein Badreddin al-Houthi, the group was an opposition to former Yemeni president Ali Abdullah Saleh and participated in the Yemeni Revolution.

Since October 2023, the Houthis have been engaged in the Red Sea Crisis.

On January 6, Houthi launched an attack on the USS "Laboon", a destroyer in the United States Navy. Three days later on January 9, Houthi launched a series of drones and missiles at dozens of merchant ships, which caused the United States navy and United Kingdom's navy to respond. On January 14, the Houthis again launched an attack on the USS "Laboon". On January 15, Houthi launched an attack and struck the Marshall Islands-flagged, United States-owned and operated bulk carrier "Gibraltar Eagle". On January 17, Houthi launched a one-way suicide drone and struck the Marshall Islands-flagged, United States-owned and operated bulk carrier "Genco Picardy" in the Gulf of Aden.

Hussein al-Houthi

Badr al-Din al-Huthi (; –2004) was a Yemeni political and religious leader.

Badr al-Din was born in in Dahyan, Saada. He belonged to the Arab tribe of Huth.

He studied under the prominent scholar Majd al-Din al-Mu'yyadi.

In the 1970s–1980s, Badr al-Din gained scholarly reputation among the high-ranking clergy of Zaydi Shi'a in Yemen. (Salmoni, Loidolt, Wells 100).

Following the assassination of Husayn in September 2004, Badr al-Din briefly took over the leadership of the Houthi movement before transferring the office to his son Abd al-Malik.

House of Representatives (Yemen)

The House of Representatives ("Majlis al-Nuwaab") is the lower house of the Parliament of Yemen. It shares the legislative power with the Shura Council, the upper house. 

The Assembly of Representatives has 301 members, elected for a six-year term in single-seat constituencies. It is one of the few parliamentary chambers in the world to currently have no female representation.

Antonino Valletta

Antonino Valletta (7 October 1938 – 21 January 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Labour Federation, the Democrats of the Left, and the Socialist Party. He was in the Senate of the Republic from 1994 to 2001. Valletta was born in Sant'Agapito, Kingdom of Italy.

Valletta died in Isernia, Italy on 21 January 2022, at the age of 83.

Sant'Agapito

Sant'Agapito is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Isernia in the Italian region Molise. It is about west of Campobasso and about south of Isernia. 

Monarchy of Denmark

The monarchy of Denmark is a constitutional institution and a historic office of the Kingdom of Denmark. The Kingdom includes Denmark and its territories of the Faroe Islands and Greenland.

Denmark has had absolute primogeniture since 2009.

The Danish Act of Succession created on 27 March 1953 said that descendants from King Christian X and his wife, Alexandrine of Mecklenburg-Schwerin cannot become king or queen, through approved marriages.


Prince Joachim of Denmark

Prince Joachim of Denmark, Count of Monpezat, (; Joachim Holger Waldemar Christian; born 7 June 1969) is a member of the Danish royal family. 

Prince Joachim was born in Rigshospitalet at Copenhagen, He is the younger son of Queen Margrethe II. He is currently fifth in the line of succession to the Danish throne.

Prince Joachim first married Alexandra Manley in 1995. They have two sons, Count Nikolai and Count Felix. They divorced in 2005. Prince Joachim married Marie Cavalier in 2008. They had two children: Count Henrik and Countess Athena.

Titles and Styles 

7 June 1969-29 April 2008: His Royal Highness Prince Joachim of Denmark

29 April 2008-present: His Royal Highness Prince Joachim of Denmark, Count of Monpezat

Military Ranks 

Denmark 

-Sergeant (1988)

-Second Lieutenant of the Reserve (1989)

-First Lieutenant of the Reserve (1990)

-Captain of the Reserve (1992)

-Major of the Reserve (2005)

-Lieutenant-Colonel of the Reserve (2011)

-Colonel of the Reserve (2015)

-Brigadier General (2020)

National 

Orders and Appointments 

-Knight of the Order of the Elephant (14 January 1972)

-Grand Commander of the Order of the Dannebrog (16 April 2004)

Medals and Decorations 

-Recipient of the Silver Anniversary Medal of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik (10 June 1992)

-Recipient of the Silver Jubilee Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (14 January 1997)

-Recipient of the Commemorative 75th Birthday Medal of His Royal Highness The Prince Consort (11 June 2009)

-Recipient of the Commemorative 70th Birthday Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (16 April 2010)

-Recipient of the Commemorative Ruby Jubilee Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (14 January 2012)

-Recipient of the Commemorative 75th Birthday Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (16 April 2015)

-Recipient of the Golden Anniversary Medal of Queen Margrethe II and Prince Henrik (10 June 2017)

-Recipient of the Prince Henrik Commemorative Medal (11 June 2018)

-Recipient of the Commemorative 80th Birthday Medal of Her Majesty The Queen (16 April 2020)

-Recipient of the Commemorative Golden Jubilee Medal of Queen Margrethe II (14 January 2022)

Foreign Honors 

-Belgium: Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown 

-Brazil: Grand Cross of the Order of the Southern Cross 

-Bulgaria: First Class of the Order of the Balkan Mountains (2006)

-Finland: Grand Cross of the Order of the White Rose of Finland 

-France: Grand Officer of the Order of the Legion of Honor 

-Germany: Grand Cross 1st Class of the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany 

-Greece: Grand Cross of the Order of the Phoenix 

-Iceland: Grand Cross of the Order of the Falcon 

-Japan: Knight Grand Cordon of the Order of the Chrysanthemum 

-Jordan: Grand Cordon of the Supreme Order of the Renaissance 

-Luxembourg: Grand Cross of the Order of Adolphe of Nassau 

-Mexico: Sash of the Order of the Aztec Eagle 

-Nepal: Member of the Order of the Three Divine Powers (13 October 1989)

-Netherlands: Grand Cross of the Order of the Crown (17 March 2015)

-Norway: Grand Cross of the Order of St. Olav 

-Romania: Grand Cross of the Order of the Star of Romania 

-Spain: Knight Grand Cross of the Order of Civil Merit (24 October 2023)

-Sweden: Commander Grand Cross of the Order of the Polar Star 

Princess Benedikte of Denmark

Princess Benedikte of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat, Princess of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg (Benedikte Astrid Ingeborg Ingrid, born 29 April 1944) is a member of the Danish royal family. She is the second daughter and child of King Frederick IX and Queen Ingrid of Denmark. She is the younger sister of the reigning Queen of Denmark, Margrethe II, and the older sister of Queen Anne-Marie of Greece.

She is the widow of Richard, 6th Prince of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg. They have three children. Princess Benedikte is currently 11th in the line of succession to the Danish throne.

Titles 

29 April 1944-3 February 1968 Her Royal Highness Princess Benedikte of Denmark 

3 February 1968-13 March 2017 Her Royal Highness Princess Benedikte of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat, Princess of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg

13 March 2017 Her Royal Highness Princess Benedikte of Denmark, Countess of Monpezat, Dowager Princess of Sayn-Wittgenstein-Berleburg


Black Forest ham

Black Forest ham () is a variety of dry-cured smoked ham produced in the Black Forest region of Germany. Since 1997, it can only be made in a well-defined geographical area. In the case of Black Forest ham, the salting, and curing needs to be done in the Black Forest. Most of the pigs used come from other regions of Germany, or the European Union. This only applies to the European Union, though. In the United States and Canada, there are different kinds of ham which are sold as "Black Forest ham": These are usually produced locally, and very often, the methods of producing them are different from the original of the Black Forest. 

In 2018, about 6. 1 million tons were produced. About 85 percent was sold through discount stores, about ten percent was sold through specialized retailers, and the remaining fice percent was sold through restaurants. 

Raw ham is salted and seasoned with garlic, coriander, pepper, juniper berries and other spices. After curing for two to three weeks, the salt is removed and the ham aged an additional two weeks. It is then cold-smoked using "local conifers and sawdust" at around for several days. It ripens in an air-conditioned room for several weeks, becoming almost black on the outside and acquiring much of its distinctive flavor. As a result it usually tastes very salty.

Black Forest ham is boneless and about one-fifth fat. It has a very pronounced flavor and is common in German cuisine. It may be eaten fresh, for example on "Holzofenbrot" or rye bread, with fruit, or used as an ingredient in cooked dishes. Whole pieces of Black Forest ham can be preserved for months when stored properly. It is typically served at room temperature.

Black Forest bacon () is bacon produced the same way, and comes in two categories: "Durchwachsener Speck" has several layers of meat, and half of it is fat; "fetter Speck" is almost completely fat. Both variants include the skin, called pork rind. The pork rind is too hard to eat, but it is cooked in some traditional German dishes, such as "Linsen mit Spätzle" or "Eintopf", to add its flavors to the food.

Unlike Black Forest ham, this is not a protected designation. 


Ratko Mladić

Ratko Mladić (, ; born 12 March 1942) is a Bosnian Serb convicted Yugoslav war criminal and colonel-general. He led the Army of Republika Srpska (VRS) during the Yugoslav Wars. 

In 2017, he was found guilty of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide by the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia (ICTY) for leading the Siege of Sarajevo and the Srebrenica massacre.

Ratko Mladic served in the Yugoslav Military from 1965-1996 he was promoted to Lieutenant-Colonel in 1980 later a Colonel in 1986 . He was then promoted to Major-General in 1991 and in 1992 he became Lieutenant Colonel General.

Jean Laborde (politician)

Jean Laborde (8 March 1922 – 18 January 2022) was a French politician. Laborde was born in Bouzon-Gellenave, France. He took part in the French Resistance. In 1973, he was elected to the National Assembly. In 1977, he was elected Mayor of Auch. He retired from politics in 1995.

Laborde died in Auch, France on 18 January 2022 at the age of 99.

Ottman Azaitar

Ottman Azaitar (born February 20, 1990) is a Moroccan-German-French mixed martial artist. He competes in the Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He has won the BRAVE Combat Federation Lightweight championship one time.


Blood In Blood Out

Blood In Blood Out (also known as Bound by Honor and Blood In Blood Out: Bound By Honor) is a 1993 American Mexican epic crime drama movie directed by Taylor Hackford and starring Damian Chapa, Jesse Borrego, Billy Bob Thornton, Benjamin Bratt, Delroy Lindo, Danny Trejo, Ving Rhames, Lanny Flaherty, Raymond Cruz. It was distributed by Hollywood Pictures.


Ho Chi Minh City College of Stage Performance and Cinematics

Ho Chi Minh City College of Stage Performance and Cinematics is a college in District 1, Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam. The college provides college degree courses (3-3.5 years) in stage performance, cinematics. Most of the actors and actresses in Ho Chi Minh graduated from this college.

July 10, 1998: The Ho Chi Minh City College of Theater and Cinema was established on the basis of merging the School of Dramatic Arts II and the Vietnam Film School in Ho Chi Minh City, which was established in 5 years. 1977.

On February 11, 2007, Prime Minister Nguyen Tan Dung signed an opinion on the proposal to establish the Ho Chi Minh City University of Theater and Cinema under the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism. Department of upgrading the College of Theater and Cinema in Ho Chi Minh City under the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism.

On October 13, 2009, the school was upgraded to a university by the government's signed procedures.

In January 2010, the school held a ceremony to receive the official decision to establish Ho Chi Minh City University of Theater and Cinema.


Characters who studied at the school:



Deposition (aerosol physics)

Deposition is how an aerosol becomes a solid. It may be a wet or a dry process. 


Ice candle

Ice candle is a kind of candle made from water. It is fantastical and looks like a lamp-shade. It has been made in cold areas in winter. It melts quickly. 
The Ice candle was first made in Shimokawa, Hokkaido. In Shimokawa, there are few days in a year when the temperature is 30 degrees below freezing. The members of “Egg of Columbus”, which is a Town Development Idea Semester, had thought about some ideas on how people could enjoy a cold winter with snow. In 1985, they found a sentence, “...the flame moves in the ice block, it changes to the natural lamp-shade quickly, the flame in the natural and pale clear glass lights up in the garden fantastically...” This is from “Live in north literary calendar, Northern area column” written by Ryuichi Ito who was a professor of Hokkaido University of education. He wrote about the candle which is made by Scandinavian Finland children. The Egg of Columbus got some hints to create the Ice candle from that sentence. In 1986, the Ice candle was created. They put a wish for people to be able to spend winter happily in it. In 1987, the Ice candle was introduced on TV. From around that time, townspeople have made it at their own homes. Now, the Ice candle is known by Japanese people nationwide and loved by people living in cold areas.
To make the Ice candle, you need a bucket, water and a cold environment to freeze water.

At night the temperature is under -16 degrees, put water into the bucket, then get it outside and through the night. Next morning, turn it upside down and take out the ice if the water has almost frozen. Flow outside the water which couldn’t freeze. Put a candle into the hole of the ice. Not to break it, treat it carefully.

It can be made with original ideas. To color it food coloring or paints can be used. A milk carton or a balloon can be used instead of a bucket.

The Ice Candle Festival is one of the festivals which is held in winter. In this festival, the venue is illuminated by many Ice candles. The place of origin is also Shimokawa in Hokkaido. Two years later after the Ice candle appeared, the name of Shimokawa Winter Festival, which was already there, was changed to Ice Candle Festival. In this festival, the Ice candle was put not only at the venue but also at each house in the town. In total, about 7000 Ice candles were put in the town. In addition, people who go to the festival enjoy eating food outside while seeing the Ice candles. Now, the Ice Candle Festival is held in various places in Japan. Lake-Yamanakako Ice Candle Festival in Yamanashi prefecture and Mt. Nobeyama Plateau Ice Candle Festival in Nagano prefecture are also famous festivals.

Shimokawa in Hokkaido. 下川町. (n.d.). 下川町 -道北・”ワクワク”が生まれるまち-. SHIMOKAWA Town. Retrieved January 16, 2022, from https://www.town.shimokawa.hokkaido.jp/

Egg of Columbus. ウェブマガジンカムイミンタラ. (2005, August 1). ウェブマガジン カムイミンタラ ~北海 道の風土・文化誌 :まちづくりアイディア研究会 コロンブスの卵 下川 幻想的なアイスキャンドルの灯火の中に 過疎の逆境をはね返す活力が燃えてくる.1984-2010 Rinyu Kanko. Retrieved January 16, 2022, from http://kamuimintara.net/detail.php?rskey=49199203t01

History.  のーすもーる 北海道の森. (2004). 北海道下川町発祥★アイスキャンドル. Northmall. Retrieved January 16, 2022, from http://www.northmall.jp/shimokawa/icecandle/index.html 

How to make. しもかわ観光協会 SHIMOKAWA TIME. (n.d.). アイスキャンドルの作り方 | しもかわ観光協会. NPO法人し もかわ観光協会. Retrieved January 16, 2022, from http://www.shimokawa-time.net/event/ice-candle/ice-make/ 

Ice Candle Festival. しもかわ観光協会 SHIMOKAWA TIME. (n.d.). アイスキャンドル | しもかわ観光協会. NPO法人しもかわ 観光協会. Retrieved January 16, 2022, from http://www.shimokawa-time.net/event/ice-candle/

Ice Candle Festival. https://www.soumu.go.jp/main_sosiki/jichi_gyousei/c-gyousei/2001/kaso/pdf/h17hyousyou-01.pdf

Lake-Yamanakako Ice Candle Festival. RESORT STAY LAKE YAMANAKAKO AREA  山中湖観光ガイド. (n.d.). 山中湖アイスキャンドルフェスティバル（Ice Candles Festival). 山中湖観光協会 公式ホームページ. Retrieved January 16, 2022, from https://lake-yamanakako.com/event/10384

Mt. Nobeyama Plateau Ice Candle Festival. 長野県公式観光サイト Go N A G A N O. (2007). 第２５回野辺山高原アイスキャンドルフェスティバル | イベント情報. Go NAGANO 長野県公式観光サイト. Retrieved January 16, 2022, from https://www.go-nagano.net/topics_detail11/id=17529 

Pui Pui Molcar

Pui Pui Molcar is a stop motion animation. It was broadcasted on Japanese television and it has 01 to 12 series. Also every story has only about three minutes. Molcar means a car that is shaped like a Guinea pig. In this animation, they have their own characteristics and emotions. Also there are people who drive a molcar. Every character does not speak a word, but this animation is loved by a wide range of ages. The genre of this animation is comedy for children and it is stop motion animation.




This animation was created for children, but a wide age of people pay attention to it because of Twitter. The reason for increasing popularity is in every episode. Every story is not only cute, but also deep. The view of the world is pop, but people appear to have an ugly attitude. Also it has a parody of a movie. For example, Back to the future. These are the reasons more people attract. An animation history researcher mentioned that molcar's appearance, the story and heartwarming attitude made it interesting and popular.

An educational critic mentioned that the animation has no conversation, so understanding of the story in music, moving facial experiences are good for children to create imagination. Also mentioned, because of the pandemic people have more time to stay at home. That is why this animation is more popular. 


1.音楽ナタリー. (2021b、 May 26). 「モルカー」サントラジャケットに大迫力のポテト、めざまし ボイスの収録も決 定(動画あり). Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://natalie.mu/music/news/429820 

2. J-CAST. (2021、 June 14). 「PUI PUI モルカー」なぜ社会現象に? twitterでのブームを過 熱させた「3つの 要素」. Retrieved January 13、 2022, from https://www.j-cast.com/2021/06/14413656.html?p=all 

3. Flash. (2021、 February 2). 『PUI PUIモルカー』を尾木ママが分析! 大人にも子供にも大人 気の理由. Smart FLASH/スマフラ[光文社週刊誌]. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://smart-flash.jp/entame/130671 

4. Fashion press. (2021b、 September 2). パペットアニメ『PUI PUIモルカー』コラボカフェが東 京・大阪・静 岡・仙台にオープン. Retrieved January 13, 2022, from https://www.fashion-press.net/news/76907

MUJI

MUJI is a Japanese retail company which sells clothing, furniture, general merchandise, foods and so on.
MUJI is based on three core principles, which remain unchanged to this day:


They work hard on recycling, reducing production and packaging waste, and a no-logo or "no-brand" policy.

They think simplicity and emptiness yield the ultimate universality, embracing the feelings and thoughts of all people. 

1980 Seiyu Co., Ltd.’s private brand “MUJI” was born

1985 MUJI Business Division was established

1989 Established Ryohin Keikaku Co., Ltd.

1990 Transferred the business rights of “MUJI” from Seiyu Co., Ltd. 

1991 Started overseas expansion (first store in the UK, first store in Hong Kong)

1997 Received the PLMA (International PB Product Manufacturers Association) Excellence Award

2000 Established MUJI HOUSE Co., Ltd. (currently MUJI HOUSE Co., Ltd.)

As of August 2021, 497 MUJI stores were opened in Japan and 571 stores were opened in 32 other countries. 

China (299), Hong Kong (20), Taiwan (54), Korea (39)

England (7), France (7), Italy (6), Germany (8), Spain (4), Portugal (1), Ireland (1), Sweden (1), Poland (1), Switzerland (1), Finland (1), Denmark (1), US (10), Canada (9), 

Singapore (10), Malaysia (9), Thailand (22), India (3), Australia (5), Philippines (5), Vietnam (2), Kuwait (3), UAE (7), Saudi Arabia (5), Bahrain (2), Qatar (2), Oman (1)

MUJI contributes to the realization of a resource-recycling, nature-friendly society and a sustainable society through the products, services and activities it provides. 

As one of the examples, they collect unnecessary clothes at stores to circulate global resources and reduce waste. The collected clothes are recycled as raw materials for clothes, re-dyed and resold as "ReMUJI". As part of their efforts to reduce plastic waste, they have installed water dispensers in MUJI stores. This is a water supply service that uses tap water that anyone can use for free if people purchase a "bottle of water that you pack yourself" at the store or bring their own bottle.

MUJI wants to be a platform that responds sensitively to various issues that are occurring in society and solves them in a better direction from “conscience and creativity. This commitment drives them to various activities. Here are eight examples. 

The first one is “Resource Utilization”. As one of these activities, in order to support producers in areas where it is difficult to maintain paddy fields due to the aging of the population, they brewed sake by studying products with added value before general-purpose products, where prices are sluggish, with local people. 

The second one is “Building Connections”. This is a service for mobile sales in rural areas and direct delivery from production areas at online stores. 

The third one is “Public Design”. As a concrete example, In April 2015, MUJI set up sofa benches in the gate lounges and natural oak tables and chairs in the food court of the Narita Airport Terminal 3 to create a pleasant environment in which passengers can relax. 

The fourth is “Simple Food”. At MUJI Diner and Cafe & Meal MUJI, the person in charge goes to the production area and offers the ingredients selected. 

The fifth is “Reduce Waste”. One example is ReMUJI. This is an initiative to recycle products that customers have used for years and those products that are deemed unsellable as a result of a glitch during the manufacturing and distribution process. 

The sixth is “Social Initiative”. In Japan, MUJI provides support for earthquakes and heavy rain disasters, and in developing countries, they are working to revitalize the region. 

The seventh is “Long-lasting Homes”. MUJI Renovation Club and MUJI House provide a one-room space where people can easily change their life according to lifestyle changes and family growth. 

The last one is “Nature Conservation”. With the idea of “enjoying nature--naturally”, they operate three campsites and manage a total of approximately 700,000 tsubo of forests around the sites. 


Kemio

Kemio is a video creator who makes full use of SNS and is active in multiple fields. With humorous talk, he was respected by young people, and YouTube has more than 1.9 million subscribers (as of September 2021). He is 193 cm tall and is also active as a model. And he was followed by 1.1 million Instagram followers (as of September 2021). Currently based in New York, USA, his roommate Miles often appears in YouTube videos. 

He was born in Tokyo. His birthday was October 16th in 1995. He began his career in the entertainment industry when he was 18 years old. He first started up a short video in 2013. In a street interview on a TV program, he talked about posting a video to YouTube, it became a hot topic.

Study abroad in the United States

On September 12, 2016, he announced that he would leave Japan and move to the United States. From the end of 2016 to the beginning of 2019, while attending a language school in Los Angeles, he is active mainly on YouTube and SNS. On February 10, 2019, he announced on his YouTube channel that he would continue to be based in the United States. He currently lives in New York with his roommate Miles.







MIHA FES (March 30, 2019, Laforet Museum Harajuku) 



List A

List A cricket (also known as List A) is a classification of the limited-overs (one-day) form of the sport of cricket, with games lasting up to eight hours. List A cricket includes One Day International (ODI) matches and various domestic competitions in which the number of overs in an innings per team ranges from forty to sixty, as well as some international matches involving nations who have not achieved official ODI status. Together with first-class and Twenty20 cricket, List A is one of the three major forms of cricket recognised by the International Cricket Council (ICC). In November 2021, the ICC retrospectively applied List A status to women's cricket, aligning it with the men's game.

Kona coffee

Kona Coffee is one of the kinds of coffee that is made in Kona, Hawaii. And it is famous for being the second most expensive coffee in the world following the Blue Mountains. It is also rare and accounts for only less than 0.1% of all coffee production all over the world.

In 1825, the person who was one of the royal family of Hawaii went to Britain with the king of Hawaii and brought coffee plants on the way home. Those plants spread to many regions of Hawaii. In 1828, coffee plants were planted in the Kona region. After that, many farms were made there. But, because of pest damage and the price decline of coffee, most farmers quit their jobs. In this situation, Japanese immigrants moved to the Kona region and started to grow coffee to pay their land cost by coffee. This is the beginning of kona coffee. Now, Kona coffee is drunk at the dinner party in White House because this is the only coffee that is grown in America and the quality is quite high. 

Kona is one of the districts of Hawaii, and it is located western. Also, it is the only place which grows coffee in the U.S. states. It has a good natural environment for growing coffee thanks to some volcanoes that give soil many nutrients. Also, the unique oceanic climate of the Kona region, which is cooler and rains a lot more than that of flat ground, is good for growing coffee. Furthermore, there is a terroir that is called “ Kona coffee belt” that is around 32 km long and 3.2 wide area. In this territory, there are many farms and shops that sell Kona coffee directly from the farms and as much as 900,000 kg of coffee beans are harvested annually.

There are some blended Kona coffees that are made by mixing some kinds of coffee beans because 100% Kona coffee is quite expensive because of labor and land cost. In the Hawaii-grow coffee law, blended coffee that accounted for 10% of Kona coffee beans can be called Kona blended coffee. The coffees that have extra flavor like macadamia nut, vanilla and so on are also famous. Those flavor coffees are made by adding flavor during roasting.

This coffee has a less bitter taste and softly sourness. Because of its great sourness, this coffee is called “Queen of sourness”. You can feel the sweet and fresh smell like tropical fruits. Also Kona coffee is graded 5 stages according to the size of the beans. The bigger beans are graded better and those coffee beans have better taste. The biggest coffee beans are called “extra fancy” and there are only 15 % of Kona coffee. Following “fancy”, “No 1”, “select”, “prime”. Other coffee beans are called “ Hawaiian coffee”. Also, there are coffee beans which are called Peaberry. It is round beans although originally one is half round. Those coffee beans contain more nutrition.

J Church

J Church is a light rail line in the Muni Metro system, and is operated by the San Francisco Municipal Railway.

Before the COVID-19 pandemic, the J Church begins service at 5 a.m. on weekdays, 6 a.m. Saturdays and 8 a.m. Sundays and continues until 12:15 a.m. every night. Daytime headways are every 10 minutes, and 12 minutes on weekends.

Different from the other Muni Metro lines, there is not a corresponding overnight Owl bus during the hours that rail service is not running. 

Track work on the J Church line was largely completed in 1916. The service from Church and 30th Street station to Market Street and Van Ness Avenue started on August 11, 1917. Service went further along Van Ness Avenue to Pine Street on August 29, 1917; service to Pine Street was discontinued on May 31, 1918, with service along Market Street to the Ferry Building the next day. The new Transbay Terminal became the inner terminus for every other streetcar line on January 15, 1939, with all service going there after January 1, 1941.

As part of the creation of the Muni Metro system, streetcar operation switched to light rail operation on June 17th, 1981 – the last line to do so. While many streetcar lines switched to bus lines after World War II, the J Church avoided this due to the private right-of-way it uses between 18th Street and 22nd Street.

The outer end of the line was originally at Church and 30th Streets. It was where streetcars used a triangle of railroad tracks to turn back. Studies to further the line from its southern terminus had been made in the 1920s and 1970's. In 1990–91, the tracks were extended to the Balboa Park BART station and the Metro Center (Muni light-rail base), giving J-line cars a much shorter connection to the yard than before. The extension opened on August 31, 1991. But the new section was used only by light rail cars starting or ending their runs; all-day J-line service was not use the new tracks until June 19, 1993.

The line was temporarily through-routed with the surface section of the K Ingleside line from June 25 to August 24, 2018, due to the Twin Peaks Tunnel shutdown.

On March 30, 2020, Muni Metro service was replaced with buses due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Rail service returned on August 22, 2020, with the routes reconfigured to improve reliability in the subway. J Church service ran only on the surface. The J terminated at the inbound platform on Church Street at Market Street, requiring passengers to transfer between the J and subway trains. A mini-high platform was to be constructed on the inbound platform at Church and Duboce, and an outbound mini-high platform will be built on Church Street south of Market Street, which was to allow the J to be re-extended slightly to Duboce Street (with additional transfer to the N Judah) in October 2020. The forced transfer at Church station — which required J Church riders to cross two streets and use two elevators to transfer — was criticized by disability advocates and others.

Rail service was re-replaced with buses on August 25 due to some issues. J Church service on the surface-only Balboa Park–Church and Duboce routing resumed on December 19, 2020, while full service to Embarcadero station was put back on February 19, 2022.
Some stops have concrete boarding islands, while others require passengers to board from the street. Some stops have raised platforms for accessibility. While most other lines in the rail system can be run in two-car configurations, the J line is almost always run with a single car in order to provide enough space for the stops in the right-of-way, which are not long enough to have two light rail cars with open doors at the same time.

K Ingleside

The K Ingleside is a light rail line of the Muni Metro system in San Francisco, California. It mostly serves the West Portal and Ingleside neighborhoods. Opened on February 3, 1918, it was the first line to use the Twin Peaks Tunnel.

The K Ingleside line stops at concrete boarding islands in the middle of the street next to the tracks. Some stops have raised platforms for accessibility. Stations between West Portal and Embarcadero are only served by the outbound K. But, not the inbound K, as it switches to T at West Portal.

The K Ingleside begins service at 5 a.m. on weekdays, 6 a.m. Saturdays and 8 a.m. Sundays, with the end of service around 12:30 a.m. each night. Trains on the weekdays are scheduled to come every 10 minutes. Trains on the weekends are scheduled to come every 12 minutes.

The San Francisco Municipal Railway (Muni) opened its K line along with the Twin Peaks Tunnel on February 3, 1918. The line ran from St. Francis Circle station along West Portal Avenue, through the tunnel, along Market Street to Van Ness Avenue (joining the J Church at Church Street). And along existing tracks on Van Ness Avenue to Pine Street. On June 1, 1918, the J and K lines were removed from Van Ness Avenue and went further along Market Street to a loop at the Ferry Building.

More changes to the service route followed until finally on December 17, 1980. It was when the K line was light rail operated, with service from Embarcadero Station to Balboa Park, on weekdays only. Weekend service continued to use PCC cars until September 1982. This was when the Muni Metro became fully operational.

From February 2001 to June 7, 2003, K Ingleside service was cut back to St. Francis Circle. It was also replaced by buses on Ocean Avenue for street repaving, and route reconstruction along Ocean Avenue. 

Following service changes on June 30, 2007, the K Ingleside and the T Third Street lines were combined inside the Market Street subway tunnel. Though keeping their line designations, resulting in an upside-down, horseshoe-shaped route from Balboa Park to Bayshore and Sunnydale. At West Portal Station, inbound K trains heading towards downtown change their signs to the T line; at Embarcadero Station, T trains heading into downtown change signs to the K line.


L Taraval

The L Taraval is a light rail line of the Muni Metro system in San Francisco, California. The line is currently not operating and replaced by buses through the end of 2024 for reconstruction along Taraval Street.

The line begins at Wawona and 46th Avenue station (near the San Francisco Zoo), which is on a one-way loop on Vicente Street, 47th Avenue, Wawona Street, and 46th Avenue. It runs north on 46th Avenue to Taraval Street, then runs east on Taraval Street to 15th Avenue. The line then runs south one block on 15th Avenue, then east on Ulloa Street to West Portal station, where it tags along with all the other Muni Metro lines towards Embarcadero station.

Before the COVID-19 pandemic, the L Taraval operates 7 days a week, with train service beginning at 5 a.m. on weekdays, 6 a.m. Saturdays and 8 a.m. Sundays and running until 12:30 a.m.

Muni's L Taraval line opened as a shuttle from West Portal to 33rd Avenue on April 12, 1919. It went further west along Taraval Street to 48th Avenue at Ocean Beach on January 14, 1923; that October 15, the shuttle service was replaced with larger streetcars running through to the Ferry Building. The L Taraval went south (turning off Taraval at 46th) to the San Francisco Zoo, the line's current outer terminus, on September 15, 1937. Every other streetcar line was routed to the new Transbay Terminal on January 15, 1939; they went back to the Ferry Building on January 1, 1941, but the Transbay Terminal became the inner terminal for all streetcars on June 6, 1948.

The L switched to light rail operations as part of the opening of the Muni Metro system in 1980. While many streetcar lines switched to buses operations after World War II, the L Taraval remained a streetcar line due to its use of the Twin Peaks Tunnel.

The L Taraval Improvement Project, originally called the L Taraval Rapid project, was to improve street safety and speed up trains.
L Taraval Improvement Project construction began in August 2019. In September 2019, construction on the first phase of the project began. It took place between Sunset Blvd and 46th Avenue. The first phase was completed in July 2021. The second phase began in January 2022, with the second phase of the construction project taking place from Sunset Blvd to Ulloa St near West Portal station. This phase is expected to last through 2024.


M Ocean View

The M Ocean View is a Muni Metro light rail line in San Francisco. The line was established in 1925.

The M Ocean View begins service at 5 a.m. on weekdays, 6 a.m. Saturdays and 8 a.m. Sundays, with the end of service occurring around 12:30 a.m. each night.

The M Ocean View line began operation on October 6, 1925, as a shuttle service from St. Francis Circle to Broad and Plymouth in the city's Ocean View District. It went through the Twin Peaks Tunnel to the downtown Ferry Building on October 31, 1927, but went back to a shuttle service on February 27, 1928. The shuttle service was replaced by buses on August 6, 1939, but streetcar service returned on December 17, 1944. On June 6, 1948, the Transbay Terminal became the inner terminus of the line.

While many streetcar lines switched to bus operations after World War II, the M Ocean View remained a streetcar line due to its use of the Twin Peaks Tunnel. On August 30, 1980, the line went further to Balboa Park BART station. The full line switched to light-rail operations with the opening of the Muni Metro system on December 17, 1980. 


N Judah

The N Judah is a light rail line of the Muni Metro system in San Francisco, California. The line is named after Judah Street that it runs along for much of its length, and is named after railroad engineer, Theodore Judah.

As with all Muni lines, service begins around 5 a.m. on weekdays, 6 a.m. on Saturdays, and 8 a.m. on Sundays and holidays. Daytime headways are 10 minutes on weekdays and 12 minutes on weekends.

On January 10, 1998, Muni opened the Muni Metro Extension to 4th and King/Caltrain. It was originally served by a temporary shuttle service, the E Embarcadero, which ran between Embarcadero station and 4th and King/Caltrain. On August 22, 1998, the E Embarcadero line was removed and the N Judah line was extended to its place. 

A lot of service changes took place at the time when the T Third Street line began service in April of 2007. The N Judah was cut back to Embarcadero station; the surface part on the Embarcadero was served only by the T Third Street line, plus the J Church line at peak hours. The changes were unpopular with the public; they caused big delays in the Market Street subway and made N Judah riders transfer to reach the Caltrain station when they did not before. On June 30, 2007, Muni reversed several of the changes; the J Church and N Judah were put back to their previous routes.

Future plans, according to the SFMTA Rail Capacity Strategy, include a new subway tunnel that connects the Market Street subway to 9th Avenue. Additionally, the N Judah line will be rebuilt to run three-car trains. Further plans include a connection between the L Taraval and N Judah lines, which may run on 46th Avenue.


T Third Street

The T Third Street is a Muni Metro line in San Francisco, California. It is the first new light rail line in San Francisco in more than half a century and the first fully accessible line in the system.

Testing on the line took place in summer 2006, with limited service starting on January 13, 2007, and full service beginning on April 7, 2007. It runs along the newly constructed light-rail tracks on Third Street and Bayshore Boulevard in the Visitacion Valley, Bayview/Hunters Point, Dogpatch, and Mission Bay neighborhoods, connecting to the existing Muni Metro system along the Embarcadero and under Market Street.

In the future, the line may be going to Caltrain's Bayshore Station (to which it was originally planned to run) and, in the other direction, to San Francisco's Washington Square in North Beach through Chinatown Central Subway route.

The T Third operates seven days a week, beginning at 5 a.m. on weekdays, and 6 a.m. Saturdays and 8 a.m. Sundays, operating until 1 a.m.

Following service changes on June 30, 2007, the K Ingleside and the T Third Street lines were combined inside the Market Street subway tunnel. Though keeping their line designations, resulting in an upside-down, horseshoe-shaped route from Balboa Park to Bayshore and Sunnydale. At West Portal Station, inbound K trains heading towards downtown change their signs to the T line; at Embarcadero Station, T trains heading into downtown change signs to the K line.

The underground section of the line was closed west of Castro station from June 25 to August 24, 2018, due to the Twin Peaks Tunnel shutdown. On August 25, 2018, at the end of the shutdown, Muni began running two-car trains on the K/T line.

Service on the Central Subway was initiated on November 19, 2022, with shuttle trains serving the four new stations. The T-Third will reroute north of the 4th and King Station starting on January 7, 2023. This change will disconnect the T from the K line, avoiding both King Street and the Market Street subway.


S Shuttle

The S Shuttle is a light rail line in the Muni Metro system in San Francisco, California. It runs through the entire Market Street subway and Twin Peaks Tunnel.

Muni introduced the S Castro Shuttle. This aimed to reduce crowding at the busy Castro station. The service began on April 2, 2001. At this time it was running only at peak hours on weekdays. It was discontinued in 2007 when the T Third Street line was opened. Service went further to St. Francis Circle station in 2013, but cut back to West Portal station in 2016.

A lot of service changes took place with the start of full service on the T Third Street line on April 7, 2007. The new line was routed through the subway to Castro station. It replaced the S Castro Shuttle; changes were also made to the J Church, N Judah, and several bus lines. The changes were unpopular with the public; the Muni Metro changes caused big delays in the Market Street subway, and forced many users to transfer to reach the Caltrain station when they did not back then. 

On June 30, 2007, Muni reversed some of the changes. The J, N, and S were restored to their previous routes. And the T was combined with the K Ingleside line.


E Embarcadero

E Embarcadero is a historic streetcar line that is the San Francisco Municipal Railway's second heritage streetcar line in San Francisco, California.

F Market &amp; Wharves

F Market & Wharves is a heritage streetcar line that is operated by the San Francisco Municipal Railway in San Francisco, California.

Brave Combat Federation

Brave Combat Federation is the largest mixed martial arts MMA promotion in the Middle East and the fastest growing global MMA promotion. The organization was established on 23 September 2016 by Sheikh Khalid bin Hamad Al Khalifa. BRAVE Combat Federation features mixed martial artists from more than 40 nations in five continents. BRAVE Combat Federation events are aired though multiple media partners including El Rey Network, Combate, Myx TV, S+A ESPN 5 and Bahrain Radio and Television Corporation.In July 2021, BRAVE Combat Federation was nominated for the first time as Promotion of the Year on the World MMA Awards.


Battle of al-Hasakah (2022)

The Battle of al-Hasakah, also known as the Al-Hasakah riot is a current Islamic State attack and prison riot. IS are freeing their group's imprisoned fighters from al-Sina'a prison in the Ghuwayran area of al-Hasakah city. This city is under the control of the Kurdish Administration of northern Syria.

Battles previously occurred in al-Hasakah in 2015 and 2016.

Al-Hasakah

Al-Hasakah (, , ), is the capital city of the Al-Hasakah Governorate, in the northeastern corner of Syria. It is one of the ten largest cities in Syria and the largest in the governorate. It had a population of 251,570 in 2004.

Arnis Līcītis

Arnis Līcītis (8 January 1946 – 21 January 2022) was a Latvian actor. He was born in Riga, Latvia. His career began in 1965. His best known roles were in "Long Road in the Dunes" (1981), "Musketeers Twenty Years After" (1992) and "Dangerous Summer" (2000).

Līcītis died on 21 January 2022 in Riga ​at the age of 75.

Imants Kalniņš

Imants Kalniņš (born 26 May 1941) is a Latvian composer, musician and politician. He has written six symphonies, some operas (including the first rock opera in the USSR, "Ei, jūs tur!" ()), oratorios, cantatas, choir songs and movie scores. He was a member of the 5th, 7th, 8th, and 9th sitting of the Saeima from 1993 to 1995 and again from 1998 through 2010.

In 2021, Kalniņš received the Great Music Award.

Fatma Girik

Fatma Girik (12 December 1942 – 24 January 2022) was a Turkish actress and politician. She was born in Istanbul, Turkey. Her career began in 1957 and she retired in 2012. She was Mayor of Şişli between 1989 until 1994. Girik was known for her roles in "Karakolda Ayna Var", "Kız Kolunda Damga Var" and "Seviştiğimiz Günler".

Girik died on 24 January 2022 at a hospital in Istanbul from multiple organ failure caused by COVID-19, aged 79.

Grabill, Indiana

Grabill is a town in Cedar Creek Township, Allen County, Indiana, United States. The population was 1,112 at the 2020 census.

Cedar Creek Township, Allen County, Indiana

Cedar Creek Township is one of twenty townships in Allen County, Indiana, United States. As of the 2020 census, its population was 13,684.

Mark Souder

Mark Edward Souder (July 18, 1950 – September 26, 2022) was an American Republican politician. He was a U.S. Representative from Indiana from 1995 to 2010.

On May 18, 2010, Souder announced his resignation from Congress, after admitting to an extramarital affair with one of his part-time female staff members.

In January 2022, Souder was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. He died on September 26, 2022 at the age of 72.

Edward Śmigły-Rydz

Edward Śmigły Rydz was an important leader of Poland.

He was born in 1886 when Poland did not exist anymore and was partitioned between Austria, Prussia and Russia. Edward was born in the Austrian part. 

Śmigły was studied painting in Cracow and became a painter. During World War 1 he joined Józef Piłsudski's Legions that fought to bring Poland back.

Piłsudski respected him a lot and made him General of the Polish Army. After Piłsudski, the leader of Poland died in 1935, he became the new leader. When World War 2 broke out in 1939 he defended Poland against the Nazi and Soviet invasion.

He lost and had to leave Poland. During World War 2 Śmigły returned to Poland secretly and led a resistance group against the Nazis.

He died in Warsaw in december of 1941.

Cody Garbrandt

Cody Ray Allen Garbrandt Nickname "No Love" (born July 7, 1991) is an American professional mixed martial artist 
who currently competes in the Flyweight and Bantamweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. UFC Bantamweight Champion (One time).2017 Fight of the Year vs. T.J. Dillashaw.


Rupert Penry-Jones

Rupert William Penry-Jones (born 22 September 1970) is a British actor. He is known for his roles as Adam Carter in "Spooks", Clive Reader in "Silk", Joseph Chandler in "Whitechapel", and Mr Quinlan in the American horror series "The Strain". He played Mayor Don Mitchell in the 2022 DC Comics movie "The Batman".

Con O'Neill (actor)

Robert "Con" O'Neill (born 15 August 1966) is an English actor. He was nominated for a Tony Award for Best Actor in a Musical and a Drama Desk Award for Outstanding Actor in a Musical for playing Michael "Mickey" Johnstone in the musical "Blood Brothers". He is known for his role as Viktor Bryukhanov in the mini-series "Chernobyl". O'Neill was also in the 2022 DC Comics movie "The Batman" as a police chief.

Jorge Masvidal

Jorge Masvidal (nickname Gamebred; born November 12, 1984 in Miami, Florida) is an American mixed martial artist. He currently competes in the lightweight and welterweight division for the Ultimate Fighting Championship. Masvidal has been competing professionally since 2003. he has also competed for Bellator, Strikeforce, Shark Fights, and World Victory Road. He holds the record for the fastest knockout in UFC history at five seconds, and holds the UFC BMF Championship belt.


January 2022 Burkina Faso coup d'état

On 23 January 2022, a gunshot was heard in front of presidential residence in the Burkinabé capital Ouagadougou. The soldiers was reported to have taken the control of military base in the capital. Although the government denied the ongoing coup in the country. However, several hours later, President Roch Marc Christian Kaboré was said to have been arrested by the soldiers at military camp in the country. The next day, Kaboré was removed from power.

It was reported that the internet in the country has stopped working. On 24 January 2022, it was announced that Paul-Henri Sandaogo Damiba was the coup's leader and would become the country's head of state.

Lassina Zerbo

Lassina Zerbo (born 10 October 1963) is a Burkinabé politician and scientist. He became the Prime Minister of Burkina Faso on 10 December 2021. Before, he was the Executive Secretary of the Comprehensive Nuclear-Test-Ban Treaty Organization. His term ended when the government was dissolved during the January 2022 Burkina Faso coup d'état.


Esther Hayut

Esther Hayut (; born 16 October 1953) is an Israeli judge. She is the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Israel. She was sworn in on 26 October 2017.

Garig Gunak Barlu National Park

Garig Gunak Barlu is a protected area in Australia. It is located in Northern Territory of Australia. 

The name derives from the local Garig language, and the words "gunak" 'land' and "barlu" 'deep water.

Christophe Joseph Marie Dabiré

Christophe Joseph Marie Dabiré (born 27 August 1948) is a Burkinabé politician. He was the Prime Minister of Burkina Faso from 24 January 2019 to 9 December 2021.

Michel Kafando

Michel Kafando (born 18 August 1942) is a Burkinabé politician. He was transitional President of Burkina Faso from 2014 to 2015. He worked in the government as Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1982 to 1983 and was the Permanent Representative (Ambassador) of Burkina Faso to the United Nations from 1998 to 2011.

Jean-Baptiste Ouédraogo

Jean-Baptiste Philippe Ouédraogo (born 30 June 1942) is a Burkinabé physician and retired military officer. He was President of Upper Volta (now Burkina Faso) from 8 November 1982 to 4 August 1983. He has retired from politics and works at a medical clinic.

Parks and Wildlife Commission of the Northern Territory

Parks and Wildlife Commission of the Northern Territory is the Northern Territory Government agency which aim for tasks such as the establishment of "parks, reserves, sanctuaries and other land", the management of these and the "protection, conservation, sustainable use of wildlife etc. 

Serge Korber

Serge Korber (1 February 1936 – 23 January 2022) was a French movie director and screenwriter. He directed 45 movies between 1962 and 2007. He was born in Paris, France. His movies include "An Idiot in Paris" (1967), "A Little Virtuous" (1968), "L'homme orchestre" (1970), "Perched on a Tree" (1971) and "Hearth Fires" (1972).

Korber died on 23 January 2022 at his home in Tarn, France at the age of 85.

Meier Schwarz

Meier Schwarz (28 January 1926 – 12 January 2022) was a German-born Israeli plant physiologist, academic and Holocaust survivor. He was born in Nuremberg, Germany. Schwarz was head of the Department for Soilless Cultures at the Jacob Blaustein Institute for Desert Research in Beer Sheva.

Schwarz was President of the International Society for Soilless Cultures (ISOSC), and founder of the Natural Sciences Department of Teacher Education at the Jerusalem College and the Jerusalem College of Technology. He also served as President of The International Society of Religious Researchers.

His family were able to manage Schwarz to migrate to Israel in 1938 before being killed at Auschwitz concentration camp.

Schwarz died on 23 January 2022 in Jerusalem, Israel, two weeks before his 96th birthday.

Megan Gale

Megan Kate Gale (born 7 August 1975) is an Australian model and actress. She modeled for Vodafone. She later became an actress. Gale played Fatma in "The Water Diviner" (2014) and Valkyrie in George Miller's "" (2015).

Game of Death Redux

Game of Death Redux (死亡遊戲 Redux) is a 2019 special features distributed with the movie "Game of Death (1978 movie)"
In 1978 the "Golden Harvest" has released "Game of Death" ("死亡遊戲"). The 1978 version uses portions of the original footage married to an entirely new plot. The revised version of the film uses only 11 minutes and 7 seconds of the footage from the original "The Game of Death (1972)".

But on 2019 producer "Alan Canvan" edited "Game of Death Redux". The edit only uses footage shot during the original production of "The Game of Death". The movie was released as a special feature in "The Criterion Collection's" Blu-ray box set of Bruce Lee films, on July 14, 2020.
It was presented closely the way Bruce intended. While at the same time, keeping in-tact some of the stronger as aspects of the universally panned, pieced together 1978 movie (known to fans as Game of Death ’78), such as John Barry’s acclaimed score, as well some of the film’s strong audio design.

There is a second version of "Game of Death Redux" on 2022. 
With the first version Alan Canvan had concentrated entirely on the flow of the piece. But he was not satisfied to how the shots were cut and how the music drove the narrative artistically. Canvan wanted a complete visual and sound restoration. So he got help from a new team. After a year the new Redux has been fully restored with a brand-new color grade and audio mix. Additionally, Chris Kent, who looped Bruce’s war cries for Robert Clouse’s Game of Death movie, lent his voice once again to match the audio portions from 1978. Finally, reworking a dozen sequences resulted in a much more concise and dramatic presentation of the narrative.

Canvan’s Game of Death Redux was the latest project that focused on Bruce Lee’s original 1972 storyline, a subject that was previously explored in John Little’s 2000 documentary, and Artport’s Bruce Lee in G.O.D 死亡的遊戯 (released in Japan the same year), not to mention a series of fan edits that have been circulating the internet. All aforementioned edits use 1972-era The Game of Death footage that was initially discovered by Hong Kong film expert Bey Logan, who stumbled upon the footage in the now-defunct Golden Harvest studio vaults back in 1999.

The Game of Death ("死亡的遊戲") is an incomplete "Hong Kong" martial arts film, of 39 minutes (approximatley two minutes is missing from the beginning), filmed in 1972, directed, written, produced by and starring "Bruce Lee", as Hai Tien, with "Kareem Abdul-Jabbar", as Mantis, "James Tien", "Chieh Yuan", "Dan Inosanto", "Ji Han-jae" and "Hwang In-shik" (only a short footage outdoors). Unifinished because of Bruce Lee's death. Produced company "Concord Production Inc." and "Golden Harvest". The 1972 original footage it was distributed in 2000 by two documentaries, "" and " Bruce Lee in G.O.D 死亡的遊戯" and 2019 by short film "Game of Death Redux". The 1972 original script it was distributed by short film "The Story".
During a search is discovered among the choreography writings, hand-written storyline, 12 pages in length and containing all scene breakdowns and select dialogue passages the original storyline stands in sharp contrast to the one presented in the film "Game of Death (1978 movie)". After the discovery of Lee's script notes in 2000 it was directed the short film "The Story". The movie is the storyline for "The Game of Death" and the missing part of "Bruce Lee"'s "The Game of Death", not played in 1972. Directed in "South Korea" by "John Little", distributed as a special feature in DVD of the documentary "".
First trailer in 1973 within the documentary "" where some exclusive fragments were shown.

Bruce Lee historian John Little released Bruce Lee: A Warrior's Journey, a documentary revealing the original footage of "The Game of Death". The documentary also includes a fairly in-depth biography of Lee and leads into the filming of "The Game of Death".
In 2000, the Japanese film-documentary "Bruce Lee in G.O.D 死亡的遊戯" was released on DVD. This film shows the existing footage that was shot for the film before he died, interviews, and historical re-enactments of what went on behind the scenes.



Bellator MMA

Bellator MMA (formally Bellator Fighting Championships) is an American Mixed Martial Arts promotion based in Santa Monica, California. It is known for being one of the largest Mixed Martial Arts promotions in the world, following UFC.


Pseudis bolbodactyla

Pseudis bolbodactyla is a frog that lives in Minas Gerais and Espírito Santo in Brazil.

Geratskirchen

Geratskirchen is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Hebertsfelden

Hebertsfelden is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Julbach

Julbach is a village and municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany. Julbach has 16 other settlements.

Kirchdorf am Inn

Kirchdorf am Inn is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany. It lies on the river Inn.

Malgersdorf

Malgersdorf is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Massing, Germany

Massing is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Nate Diaz

Nathan Donald Diaz (born April 16, 1985) in Stockton, California is an American mixed martial artist, He competes at the Lightweight and Welterweight division of the UFC. Before signing with the UFC, Diaz competed in World Extreme Cagefighting, Strikeforce, and Pancrase. He has been in the UFC since winning The Ultimate Fighter 5.


Mitterskirchen

Mitterskirchen is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Mitterskirchen is in a small side-valley of the Rott, bordering on Upper Bavaria. Mitterskirchen is at the federal highway B588, about seven kilometers south-west of Eggenfelden, 18 kilometers north of Altötting, 23 kilometers north-east of Mühldorf, as well as 22 kilometers south-west of Pfarrkirchen. The next train station on the railway line Passau - Mühldorf is in Eggenfelden.

Postmünster

Postmünster is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany.

Reut

Reut is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Roßbach, Bavaria

Roßbach is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany.

Schönau, Lower Bavaria

Schönau is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany.

Pinocchio (2022 live-action movie)

Pinnochio is a 2022 American musical fantasy film directed by Robert Zemeckis from a screenplay by Zemeckis and Chris Weitz. The film, produced by Walt Disney Pictures, is a live-action adaptation of Walt Disney's 1940 animated film of the same name, which is itself based on the 1883 Italian book "The Adventures of Pinocchio", by Carlo Collodi. The film stars Tom Hanks, Cynthia Erivo, and Luke Evans with Benjamin Evan Ainsworth, Joseph Gordon-Levitt, and Keegan-Michael Key in voice roles.

"Pinocchio" was released on September 8, 2022, by Disney+. The film received negative reviews from critics.

A hobo cricket named Jiminy Cricket enters the home of an elderly woodcarver named Geppetto, accompanied by his pet kitten Figaro and pet fish Cleo, and finds that he has completed work on a marionette puppet he names Pinocchio. When Geppetto decides to retire for the night, he makes a wish on a star. A few hours later, the star magically brings Pinocchio to life and he is soon visited by the Blue Fairy, who tells Pinocchio that if he acts brave, truthful and selfless, he can be a real boy and she also appoints Jiminy the responsibility of being Pinocchio's conscience to teach him right from wrong. When Geppetto awakens and finds Pinocchio alive, he is at first shocked, but becomes overjoyed.

After a few days, Geppetto decides that Pinocchio should attend school and sends him there. However, Pinocchio is soon approached by a con-artist fox and cat named "Honest" John and Gideon as they convince him that he should live a life of fame in order to truly be a real boy, when they really want to sell him to the puppet master Stromboli in exchange for wealth. Jiminy, who finds Pinocchio with the help of a seagull named Sofia, convinces Pinocchio to continue going to school. Unfortunately Pinocchio is thrown out of school on account of being a puppet, so he decides to go to Stromboli's after all and Jiminy can't stop him when John places a glass jar over him.

At Stromboli's theater, Pinocchio befriends one of Stromboli's employees Fabiana and her puppet Sabina. Pinocchio puts on a good show for the crowd as they throw their cash to him, but Stromboli locks Pinocchio in a bird cage to prevent him from ever leaving, wanting to exploit Pinocchio for all he's worth. Soon, Stromboli's coach ends up freeing Jiminy from the jar and when he enters the coach, he manages to help Pinocchio escape when Pinocchio has him reach the keys to the lock on the cage by telling lies since that makes his nose grow. Geppetto, Figaro and Cleo go out to look for Pinocchio when he fails to come home for dinner.

Soon, Pinocchio is swiped up by a coach full of children driven by a charismatic Coachman, who is taking the kids to Pleasure Island, an isle where misbehavior is encouraged. When they reach the island, Pinocchio slowly gets disturbed by the amount of cruelty the kids commit, much to the bemusement of an unruly boy named Lampwick. When Jiminy, who got separated from Pinocchio again, makes it to the island, he soon finds out that the kids their get turned into donkeys and the Coachman sells them to the salt-mines with help from his fog-like henchmen. Pinocchio witnesses Lampwick get transformed himself at a pool hall and he and Jiminy escape the island before the Coachman and his goons can get them, but not before Pinocchio gains a donkey's ears and tail.

Pinocchio and Jiminy make it back to Geppetto's but find that he's not home because Sofia gave him a flyer of Pleasure Island to let him know where Pinocchio is and that he sold all of his clocks to buy a boat to go there. While trying to find Geppetto, Pinocchio reunites with Fabiana and Sabina, who tell him that Stromboli has been arrested and they have taken over his puppet show. They offer Pinocchio to join them, but Pinocchio declines, wanting to save his father, which makes his donkey parts disappear. Sofia pulls a rope for Pinocchio to hold out to the sea, where they soon find Geppetto in his boat. Just as they reunite, they are swallowed by a giant sea monster named Monstro. They take refuge in a giant boat in Monstro's stomach, and Pinocchio gets the idea to make him sneeze by starting a fire within him. The plan is successful, and Monstro sneezes them out, but he gives a chase that ends with him and the group crashing on dry land and rendering Geppetto unconscious.

Pinocchio thinks Geppetto has died, and despairs before Geppetto comes to and soon tells Pinocchio that despite being a puppet, he has proven himself to be a true boy at heart for all that he's done, and they depart for home as Pinocchio slowly transforms into a real boy. Jiminy then breaks the fourth wall before ending the film.



Figaro the Cat, Cleo the Goldfish and Monstro the Sea Monster also appear.

Stubenberg, Bavaria

Stubenberg is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany. It is on the river Inn, close to the border with Austria.

Tann, Bavaria

Tann is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany. It has about 4,000 residents and is 15 km from the corner of Austria away.


Triftern

Triftern is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Unterdietfurt

Unterdietfurt is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany.

Tomodachi Collection

Tomodachi Collection is a life and social simulator video game created for the Nintendo DS by Nintendo SPD. The video game is a prequel to the video game Tomodachi Collection: New Life or Tomodachi Life in other countries. The video game is only available in Japan for Japan DS's. This game features Nintendo's avatars featured on the Wii called Miis.

The game first starts the player on an empty island. On the island, you are to give the island a name. Afterwards, you must give your island a look-alike Mii that looks like you. Then you will feed them, give them another Mii to live with. After this is complete, the player is allowed to make as many Miis as they want to unlock other parts of the island such as an interior or clothing store. The game does not end, and you can play for as long as you want.

List of San Francisco Municipal Railway lines


Tomb of Nader Shah

Tomb of Nader Shah is a building in Mashhad, which is designed by Hooshang Seyhoun. This building is the grave and resting place of Nader Shah, Shah of Afsharid Iran.

Jon Jones

Jonathan Dwight Jones Nickname "Bones" (born July 19, 1987) in Rochester, New York is an American professional mixed martial artist who currently competes in the light heavyweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He is a former two-time UFC Light Heavyweight Champion, holding the title from March 2011 to April 2015 and from December 2018 to August 2020. Jones also held the interim UFC Light Heavyweight Championship.

He has recently moved up to the Heavyweight Division to fight Ciryl Gane.


Inge Scholl

Inge Aicher-Scholl (11 August 1917 – 4 September 1998), born in present-day Crailsheim, Germany, was the daughter of Robert Scholl, mayor of Forchtenberg, and elder sister of Hans and Sophie Scholl, who studied at the University of Munich in 1942, and were core members of the White Rose student resistance movement in Nazi Germany. Inge Scholl wrote several books about the White Rose after the war.

Elisabeth Hartnagel-Scholl

Elisabeth Hartnagel-Scholl (born 27 February 1920 in Forchtenberg as Elisabeth Scholl; died 28 February 2020 in Stuttgart) was the sister of Hans and Sophie Scholl.

Elisabeth Hartnagel (then Scholl) grew up together with her siblings Inge (1917–1998), Hans (1918–1943), Sophie (1921–1943) and Werner (1922–1944). Her siblings initially enthusiastically followed National Socialism and were members of the League of German Girls or Hitler Youth, but later became dissatisfied with the Nazi Regime.

Her siblings Hans and Sophie were arrested on February 18, 1943. Elisabeth found this out from the newspaper. Four days later, on the 22nd February, Hans and Sophie Scholl and their fellow student Christoph Probst were sentenced to death in Munich by the People's Court chaired by Judge Roland Freisler, who came from Berlin for the sole purpose of the trial. Around 5 p.m., the convicts were beheaded in Munich's Stadelheim Prison. At the funeral of Hans and Sophie Scholl on the 24th February, the parents and siblings Inge, Elisabeth and Werner were present. Three days later, on Elisabeth's 23rd birthday, the Scholl family was taken into custody in Ulm, Elisabeth Scholl fell seriously ill in "protective detention" and was released after two months. She was the first of the Scholls to be released from prison.

In October 1945, she married Fritz Hartnagel (1917–2001). Fritz had been Sophie’s fiance, and after the execution Fritz and Elisabeth had been brought together from their shared grief at their loss. Together the couple had four children. After the death of her sister Inge Aicher-Scholl in 1998, Elisabeth began to speak about her siblings at schools and other educational institutions. She was commited to keeping the memory of her brother and sister alive. She died on February 28, 2020, one day after her hundredth birthday.

Fritz Hartnagel

Friedrich "Fritz" Hartnagel (born February 4, 1917 in Ulm; died April 29, 2001 in Stuttgart) was a lawyer and soldier of the Wehrmacht during World War II. In the 1950s, Hartnagel, then a judge in Stuttgart, campaigned against the rearmament of the Federal Republic. He was Sophie Scholl's (unofficial) fiancée.

When Hitler first came to power Hartnagel was entranced by him and his vision for Germany. He volunteered for an officer career in the spring of 1936 after an early Abitur and was a professional officer of the Wehrmacht until the end of World War II.

In 1937, Hartnagel met Sophie Scholl at a dance event. Under Scholl's influence and after experiences on the front (including in the Battle of Stalingrad), Hartnagel changed from an enthusiastic soldier to an opponent of war and Nazi dictatorship. He supported the resistance activities with news about the course of the war and war crimes and with amounts of money (including 1000 Reichsmarks) although he never officially joined any reistance movements.

After the execution of Hans and Sophie on the 22nd February 1943 Hartnagel assisted the Scholl family. After the remaining Scholl family members were put into Sippenhaft (clan arrest), Hartnagel appealed for clemency for the Scholl family. After they were released, he supported them financially. 

On April 14, 1945, Hartnagel was captured by US troops and kept as a prisoner of war until September 1945. In October 1945, he married Sophie's sister Elisabeth Scholl, who he had grown close to after Sophie's execution.

In 1946, Hartnagel began law studies at the Ludwig Maximilian University in Munich (the same college Sophie Scholl had gone to.) He completed his studies and became a judge. He died on April 29, 2001, at the age of 84.

Atlanta Compromise

The Atlanta Compromise was an informal agreement, between the black people of the cotton-producing states of the United States, and the government of these states. It came after a speech by Booker T. Washington, given in 1895. The compromise is the following: The black people would tolerate means of racial segregation, most notably the Jim Crow laws. In exchange the white government of these states would allow them to get some basic education for free; this education was focused on technical jobs or basic training in jobs the industry needed. This would also improve the living conditions of the black people. Black people would no longer focus on fighting for equality, integration into society or justice. White people would finance educational institutions for black people, such as Tuskegee University. Even though people agreed on these points, their agreement was never written down. 

Shortly afterwards, around 1900, African-American leaders, such as W. E. B. Du Bois and William Monroe Trotter, said that black people should instead focus on the stuggle for civil rights. It was Du Bois who coined the term to Atlanta Compromise to refer to the speech by Booker T. Washington.

N-factorial

In mathematics, the formula_1-factorial is the generalized formula for the factorial.

When formula_2, it is called the double factorial, and generally it is written as formula_3.

Hamid Motahari

Hamid Motahari (Persian: حمید مطهری born 25 April 1974 in Tehran, Iran) is an Iranian retired professional football midfielderand who is Head Coach and now he is currently assistant of Yahya Golmohammadi in Persepolis F.C.

Hamid Motahari born 25 April 1974 in Tehran Iran.

Hamid Motahari is married and result of this life is a daughter named Harir.

Hamid Motahari is a former player and Iranianfootball coach.

He started his football career with the youth of Vahdat F.C. team and at the same time he played for the youth and adults.

He joined Persepolis F.C. after playing for teams such as Sepahan and Keshavarz F.C.

He was a player at Persepolis F.C. until the end of his playing career, but with a serious injury, his playing career ended very quickly.

He was playing in the Iran U-20 1991–1993 and the Iran U-23 1993–1995

Hamid Motahari joined the railway team in 2009 at the age of 35 as a coach and was present in the technical staff of this club for about 2 years as an assistant coach.

In 2014, he became the head coach of Omid Perspolis F.C.. 

After a year, he joined Saipa F.C. and in 2016, he signed a contract with Paykan F.C. and was the assistant coach of Majid Jalali in this team for two years.

After a short experience, he joined Nassaji Mazandaran F.C. and then was a member of the technical staff of Shahr Khodro F.C. from 2020-2019.

When Yahya Golmohammadi was in the Perspolis F.C. team, he also took Motahari to this team. 

Hamid Motahhari has been Yahya Golmohammadi assistant in Perspolis F.C. since 2020. 

Saba Qom F.C. 2007-2009 assistan

Rah Ahan F.C. 2009-2011 assistan

Saipa F.C. 2014-2015 assistan

Paykan F.C. 2016-2018 assistan

Nassaji Mazandaran F.C. 2019 assistan

Shahr Khodro F.C. 2019-2020 assistan

Motahari is now Yahya Golmohammadi's assistant in Perspolis F.C.





Life skills

Life skills are abilities which help people to deal with the demands and challenges that they face in life.

The World Health Organization in 1999 identified cross-cultural areas of life skills:


Most of the times children get life skills when they play or discover new things with adults.

Fordtown, Tennessee

Fordtown is an unincorporated community in Sullivan County, Tennessee, United States, The community's name was adopted due to the number of people with the last name Ford, who lived in the area. It is accessed by the road named after it, Fordtown Road.

Orientalism

Orientalism by Edward Said is a discourse in which the Occident holds power over the Orient. It is through this power that the Occident can structure it how it wants to. It is an idea that the Eastern world and the Western world have opposite ways of thinking in terms of being and knowledge. This is often shown in the superiority of the West and the inferiority of the East. Edward Said first used the word this way in his 1978 book "“Orientalism”". 

Before the term Orientalism was used like this by Said, it had a different meaning. In the 19th and 20th centuries, the term Orientalism was used to describe the effects of the Orient’s influence on art, literature, and architecture fields. It basically referred to an academic study of the East by the West. This included the academic study done by philologists who were focused on the Oriental languages and the understanding of ancient Oriental texts. This knowledge was thought to be enough to understand Oriental civilizations. There was no interest to the everyday life of these Oriental communities and their customs and traditions.

Oriental art shows different elements which are seen as typical for this art direction. Furthermore, oriental art represents how Western people imagined the Orient. Additionally, there are several movies which included Orientalism, such as Aladdin.
The rise of Oriental art started in Venice in Italy. The city and the Ottoman Empire were at war from 1463 till 1479. Because of this, Venice needed to give money to the Ottoman Empire to keep sea trade. Also, in 1479, the venetian government sent Gentile Bellini to work for the sultan. Then Bellini started to work with the experiences and impressions he gained in the Ottoman Empire, He processed those in his paintings, when he was back in Venice in 1481. The interaction between Sultan Mehmed II and Bellini was the first historical meeting to express Orientalist art.

The second meeting was between France and the Ottoman Empire. Because of the “Franco-Ottoman Alliance” in 1536, many impressions and ideas emerged either of Europe or the Middle East. Because of this interaction between the two different continents, international goods became popular. As a result, the French painting style, Turquerie was created.

The third meeting is seen as the peak of oriental art. Because of Napoleon, France had power over Egypt rom 1798 till 1801. At this time, Egyptian products became popular in France.

In 1893, the institution called the Society of French Oriental Artists emerged. This institution supported the idea of oriental art. They also supported going to the Middle East to gain experience and impressions to use in their paintings. 

Lastly, oriental art started to get disliked in the 19 century. This was because the art was now often connected to discrimination. 

In general, this art style presents how western artists imagined the Orient to be. For example, how everyday life could look like in this region. Either they had visited the region, or they painted what the region could look like. 

Firstly, Oriental painters use mostly warm colours, such as yellow, orange or red. Another feature of these paintings is the use of shadows and light. 

Secondly, typical elements are nude women, harems, or mosques. 

Thirdly, oriental art can be seen in form of photography and so-called genre paintings. These presented everyday activities. 

Lastly, the paintings were mostly made by people from western countries. For example countries like France or Great Britain. Those states were controlling regions of the Middle East. By creating these paintings, these countries tried to promote themselves in the region. Furthermore, they presented the Orient as bad and disrespectful. 

An example of today is Aladdin. This movie shows how the producers of the movie expected the Orient to be and how the people in the region could look like. 

From the 19 century, the term Orientalism was used to mean an academic field. Here people had with a special job to study Oriental languages and sacred ancient texts. In the late 18 century and early 19 century, studies about Sanskrit, Persian, and Egyptian hieroglyphs became very popular. Many institutions were founded during this time to help support these studies.

Philology was considered to be the only necessary thing to understand Oriental civilizations. Orient was a big and not precise term. However, it was clear that the Orientalists studied mostly the Middle East rather than India and China. Over the time the Oriental studies were divided into more specific group such as “Near Eastern” and “East Asian” departments. Finally, at the beginning of the 20 century the term “Middle East” was invented by the US army.

The Orient: An area including most of present-day North Africa and Middle Eastern countries. 

The Occident: Western countries that had colonized the Orient. This in particular includes France, Great Britain and later the United States.

Colonialism: When countries take control of weaker countries.

Discourse: Discourse is a system of society. It produces knowledge and meaning. This production then creates processes that shape the things they talk about.

Cultural Hegemony: Cultural Hegemony by Antonio Gramsci, is a form of social control by the upper class over the lower classes. Here, ideas and opinions are enforced by them, so that the lower classes accept only the upper class’ opinions and not their own.

Postcolonial: A term which covers all affected by colonialism.

Summary:

The book Orientalism by Edward Said was published in 1978. In this book Said establishes his concept of Orientalism and gives a new definition for the term.

Before his book, Orientalism was a word used in academia to refer to the study of the region formerly labelled ‘the Orient’. The focus here was its culture and languages. The word also described all things that were created in this study about the Orient by the Occident. For example: books, articles, and art. 

In the first chapter, ‘The Scope of Orientalism’, Said gives a history of ‘Orientalism’ as an academic discipline. 

In the second chapter, ‘Orientalist Structures and Restructures’, Said shows the strong contrast that is created between the representations of Orient and the Occident. These representations come out of the academic study of Orientalism. He does this by analyzing texts by Silvestre de Sacy, and Ernest Renan. In the works that the Occident made about the Orient, the western countries were always shown as better. In contrast, the Orient was described as undeveloped and secondary. 

The last chapter of the book is called ‘Orientalism Now’. Said uses his theory of Orientalism to explain 19th and 20th French and British colonialism. Said explains that this can also explain American foreign policy in the Middle East. He says ‘area specialists’ are taking the role of the philologists of earlier centuries. In Said’s view, such ‘experts’ help reinforce the system of Orientalism in present day. This maintains the Western discourse of Orientalism into the 1980s.

The concept of Orientalism by Edward Said is made up of many different components. Said explains three approaches for how Orientalism is can be understood. First, Orientalism is an ‘academic discipline’. Here, Orientalism is a science, and the Orient is seen as a subject for studying. The Occident wants to classify and label the Orient through this study. This approach is how the West understands Orientalism. In their view it is only an academic discipline. 

The second approach is Orientalism as a ‘style of thought’. This means it is a way of thinking. It is based on the contradictions and contrasts that are formed by society between the Orient and the Occident. 

Lastly, Orientalism is an approach in which the West views the Orient as a political instrument. They want to use this instrument for ‘cultural and political domination'. They also use it to justify colonialism. 

It is only when all three of these approaches join, Orientalism becomes a discourse. In this discourse, Orientalism becomes the way the Occident holds power over the Orient. It is through this power that the Occident can structure it how it wants to. 

The origin of this type of Orientalism is the concept of the ‘Other’. Every culture creates an ‘Other’ to form their self-image. This comes from the definition of identity where one is what one is not. If the Orient is the undeveloped and bad ‘Other’, the Occident then is not. The Occident is then modern and good. The idea of the ‘Other’ sets the two against each other, causing fights.

Because of this, Said explains that the Orient was created by the West. It is not a thing, but just an idea. The idea is created in and for the Orient. Its culture is only what the West gives it. The Occident is also man-made. This is because it only exists in relation to the Orient. They are rely on each other. 

The West ‘created’ the Orient through their relationship of power and domination. This relationship is led by hegemony. Hegemony stabilises Orientalism. Only then can the relationship be maintained. Said argues that this is why the Orient was and is not free. 

Also, the Occident will only ever see the Orient in a wrong way. This is because of the ‘lens of Orientalism. This lens ruins all images, studies, and representations that the Occident makes about the Orient.

Impact:

Said’s idea of Orientalism has influenced many people. It has even been called one of the most influential books. Said’s definition of Orientalism has become the one most associated with the word. 

Because it made people look at colonialism in new ways, ‘postcolonial theory’ was born. It has also greatly influenced other academic fields, for example cultural studies, anthropology, political science, and history. 

Another example is feminist studies (academic study of women's position in society). Orientalism is a model that made it possible for people to analyze the very complicated identity of Middle Eastern women. This is also an example that Said’s theory of Orientalism gave opportunities to less advantaged people. 

Criticisms:

While Edward Said’s book and definition of Orientalism attracted much support, many rejected his ideas, for several reasons. 

Some said that Said was not the first person to talk about Orientalism in this way. There were similar books published before his. For example, "English speaking Orientalist" (1965) by Syrian academic Abdul Latif Tibawi and "The Myth of the Lazy Native" (1977) by Malaysian sociologist Syed Hussain Alatas. 

Others said Said’s Orientalism treats the Occident unfairly. They say it creates a wrong image of the West. This type of criticism is called ‘Occidentalism’. It was said that Said was doing the same thing to the Occident as he claimed the Occident did to the Orient. 

Said was also accused of being too limited in his analysis. He ignores German, Austrian, and Russian colonialism and orientalism. He also only considers a small part of the Middle East. Said even criticises himself for only looking at 19th and 20th century academic Orientalism.

The children Disney movie Aladdin from 1992, shows people living in the Orient in a disrespectful way. The images and song texts of the movie are showing stereotypes. They also show the typical motifs of oriental art. 

There are different common oriental art elements in the story of the movie. The name of the city Agrabah should just sound Arabic. It does not actually have any Arabic meaning. The idea of proposing a forced marriage to Jasmine is also a stereotype. The scenery of the movie is mostly in warm colours or blue. In the film you can see also camels, a desert and harems. 

The most obvious characteristics of the characters also present Orientalism. Aladdin speaks with an “American accent”. He is dressed almost topless. The female character, Jasmine, also has an American accent. She wears belly dancer clothing and owns a tiger as a pet. Both main characters are shown in a good manner. But they are both sexualised by showing them in less clothing. Other characters are characterised by a big, curved nose and a lot of facial hair.

The main characters are depicted in a westernised way. Because of this they are recognised as good in western societies. The other characters do not have western or American characteristics. They are then seen as bad. This means that people who do not share the same values or appearances as western people are directly seen differently and gross. 

Edward Said

Edward Wadie Said (1935-2003) was a Palestinian academic. He came up with the theory of Orientalism (1978) and wrote the book "Culture and Imperialism" (1993).

Said was born on 1 November 1935, son of Hilda Said and Wadie Said. He was born during the time the British ruled over Palestine. He was raised as a Christian Palestinian, though he would later become agnostic. He was trained as a pianist, though this was not the main focus of his career. 

Said attended St George's School, which is a British boys' school in East Jerusalem. He would later study in Victoria College, Alexandria, before moving to the United States. He graduated from Princeton University in 1957. He completed his master's degree and PhD at Harvard University.

Said published "Orientalism" in 1978. He published "Culture and Imperialism" in 1993. He was a leading founder of a field of academic study known as Postcolonial Studies.

Said died on 24 September 2003. The cause of his death was leukaemia.

Tanzimat

The Tanzimat was a period of reforms in the Ottoman Empire that began in 1839 and ended in 1876. It intended to modernize the Ottoman Empire, and allowed for religious freedom. Tanzimat means "re-ordering" or "restructuring" the relationship between the state and the different communities, which were named subjects. The period started with the publishing of the Tanzimat edict which was written by Koca Mustafa Reşit Paşa under the order of Sultan Mahmud II. The period began in 1839, after Hatt-ı Şerif. It was followed by Hatt-ı Hümayun in 1856. The Constitution of 1876 made these two edicts into law. These laws limited the power of the Sultan. Some of the reforms were influenced by those in British Empire and France.

The Hatt-ı Şerif was a proclamation, or edict, that was announced on 1856. It is considered the first act of the Tanzimat, which begun under Sultan Abdülmecid I.

It is also known as the Edict of Gulhane or Noble Script. The Hatt-ı Şerif proclamation included three main demands. It began to limit the Sultan's power and also to establish the basis for equality among citizens of the Ottoman Empire.

This edict was established 18 days after the Crimea War (1853) on 18 February 1856. It guaranteed that all subjects of the Ottoman Empire would have security of life, honor, and fortune regardless of their ethnicity or religion. It promised equality for everyone who lived in the Ottoman Empire. It also reformed the tax system and the military. One of the goals of the edict was to weaken the power of the local governors and lay the groundwork for the creation of a modern army.

The Land Code of 1858, also referred to as The Ottoman Imperial Land Code, modernized the taxation system and agriculture. It was divided into three sections, that included 132 articles. It changed the way people owned property. Individuals now had the right to own land. Before people farmed only to feed themselves and their family. With this change people began commercial agriculture to farm more food than they needed. They sold the extra food for money. This was good for the Sultan because he could collect more taxes. The Code added to the freedom of people who possessed land and made inheritance rules more fair for men and women.

In 1876, the Hatt-i Sherif and the Hatt-i Humayun were turned into law as part of the constitution. It was established during the reign of Sultan Abdulhamid II.

The constitution established two chambers of government, an elected chamber called the Chamber of Deputies, and a senate that was appointed by the Sultan.

The constitution was partly modelled on the 1831 Belgian constitution, which democratized some aspects of Ottoman society. However, the Sultan maintained significant amounts of power. The Sultan was able to declare war, appoint and dismiss ministers, approve law, and form and dismiss the Chamber of Deputies. These parts of the constitution meant that the executive branch of government - the Sultan - held significantly more power than the elected branch.

Another important outcome of the constitution was the declaration that all religions in the Empire were now equal citizens. Islam remained the state religion, however the system of the millet was abolished.

Bloomingdale, Tennessee

Bloomingdale is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sullivan County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 8,918 at the 2020 census.
It is part of the Kingsport–Bristol (TN)–Bristol (VA) Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.

Bloomingdale is located at .

According to the United States Census Bureau, the CDP has a total area of , all of it land.

As of the 2020 United States census, there were 8,918 people, 3,977 households, and 2,449 families residing in the CDP.

Shane Baxley

Shane Baxley (born February 13, 1986), is an American concept designer for media projects.

Baxley has created concept art for vehicles, characters and environments for movies and television programs, including "", "Bumblebee" and the "Loki" series, He has also worked on the Spike Jonze's award-winning Apple Home Pod commercial. Most recently he has contributed designs to James Gunn's "The Suicide Squad" including Starro and "The Thinker" as well as designs for the to be released "Peacemaker" series and "Guardians of the Galaxy Volume 3". Other contributions \include "Star Wars" "Obi-Wan Kenobi", "Furiosa", "Black Panther 2" and "Blue Beetle".

Shane Baxley was born in Santa Clara, California. He graduated from Los Gatos High School in 2004. Having graduated from Art Center College of Design's Transportation Design Department.

In 2012, he worked as a freelance designer for several automotive and product design studios including: Gruppo bertone, Boombang, Design by Eleven and Astro studios before shifting to film. In 2014, he appeared in eight episodes of the reality show Motor City Masters.

In 2015, Baxley launched "Baxley Corp" which handles a wide array of design and art direction.

In 2019, during the Covid pandemic he created the motorcycle brand known as "BAX MOTO" which is currently seeking prototype funding.

Most recently he contributed a short story to the book "TRAVERSE: Vehicles From the Outer Rim of Imagination" which donated profits to the "Williams Syndrome Association".


Elizabethton, Tennessee

Elizabethton is a city in, and the county seat of Carter County, Tennessee, United States. Elizabethton is the historical site of the first independent American government (known as the Watauga Association, created in 1772).

The city is also the historical site of the Transylvania Purchase (1775) which was a major site during the American Revolutionary War for both the Battle of Musgrove Mill (1780) and the Battle of Kings Mountain (1780). It was within the secessionist North Carolina "State of Franklin" territory (1784–1788).

Elizabethton is located within the "Tri-Cities" area (encompassed by Bristol, Johnson City, and Kingsport) of northeast Tennessee.

Their time zone is Coordinated Universal Time (UTC): UTC-5 (Eastern Time).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which is land and , or 1.51%, is water.

Public Schools in Elizabethton are operated by Elizabethton City Schools. www.ecschools.net

Satellite campuses of Northeast State Community College and Tennessee College of Applied Technology are located in the eastern part of the city off Tennessee State Route 91.

Milligan College and Emmanuel Christian Seminary are located in the southwestern part of the city off Tennessee State Route 359.



Fall Branch, Tennessee

Fall Branch is a census-designated place (CDP) in Washington and Greene counties in the U.S. state of Tennessee. The population was 1,248 at the 2020 census. Some areas in Sullivan also use the Fall Branch ZIP code.

One of the earliest settlers at Fall Branch was Isaac White. He was a Revolutionary War veteran who arrived in the area in 1781. He eventually established a farm at what is now the intersection of Interstate 81 and State Highway 93. Another early settler, Gabriel Morgan, built a grist mill at Fall Branch in the early 1800s. The mill stood until the 1930s, when it was torn down.

By the early 1800s, Fall Branch was known as "Crouch Town", after a family of early settlers. The name had changed to "James' Cross Roads" by 1830, when a post office was established. The name "Falls Branch" had been adopted by 1854, and the "s" was dropped from "Falls" in 1883, giving the community its current name. The name was inspired by the waterfall the community's main creek, also called Fall Branch, spills over just before it empties into Horse Creek.

In 1836, Fall Branch was designated as the county seat of the proposed "Powell County", which would have consisted of parts of Washington, Greene, Sullivan, and Hawkins counties. While voters approved of the new county, it was rejected by the Tennessee Supreme Court on the grounds that it failed to meet the minimum size required by the state constitution for new counties.
A school, Fall Branch Seminary, was established at Fall Branch in 1842. Fall Branch High School, initially a two-year school, was established before 1900. The high school was consolidated with several other smaller schools to form Daniel Boone High School in nearby Gray in 1971.
A number of buildings dating to the 19th century still stand in Fall Branch. The Masonic Lodge, home to Johnson Lodge No. 274, was completed in 1869. The Joseph Sheppard House, constructed in the late 1850s, was believed to have been used to hide Confederate soldiers during the Civil War. The Bud White Home was constructed by a local physician, Jonathan Blair White, in 1869. The Hopper House, used as a boarding home for early Fall Branch Seminary students, was constructed in the first half of the 19th century.

One school is located in Fall Branch; Fall Branch School, which serves grades PreK–8 in the Washington County portion of the community. West Pines Elementary School (grades PreK–8) previously served the Greene County portion until its closure in 2019. Grades PreK-5 now attend Baileyton Elementary in Baileyton and grades 6-8 now attend North Greene Middle School in Ottway. High school students attend North Greene High School (Greene County portion) and Daniel Boone High School (Washington County portion).

Fall Branch is located off Interstate 81 exit 50, on State Route 93 near where Tennessee State Route 93 and Tennessee State Route 81 intersect South of Kingsport, north of Jonesborough and northeast of Greeneville.


Muni Metro

Muni Metro is a light rail system serving San Francisco, California, United States, operated by the San Francisco Municipal Railway (Muni).

Muni Metro runs from approximately 5 am to 1 am weekdays, with later start times of 7 am on Saturday and 8 am on Sunday. Owl service, or late-night service, is operated on much of the L and N lines by buses that show the same route designation. 

On February 18, 1980, the Muni Metro officially began. It started with a weekday N-line service in the subway. The Metro service was put in phases. The subway was served only on weekdays until 1982. The K Ingleside line began using the entire Metro subway on weekdays on June 11, 1980, the L Taraval and M Ocean View lines on December 17, 1980, and the J Church line on June 17, 1981. Meanwhile, weekend service on all five lines (J, K, L, M, N) continued to use PCC streetcars operating on the surface of Market Street to the Transbay Terminal. The Muni Metro was closed on weekends. At the end of the service day September 19, 1982, streetcar operations on the surface of Market Street were discontinued entirely. The remaining PCCs taken out of service, and weekend service on the five light rail lines switch to buses for a while. Finally, on November 20, 1982, the Muni Metro subway began operating seven days a week.

, the L Taraval is replaced by bus service, while other routes have resumed rail operation.


Wörthersee Stadion

Wörthersee Stadion is a stadium in Klagenfurt, Austria. It is the home ground of SK Austria Klagenfurt .

The first Wörtherseestadion was built in 1960 as the home ground of the old SK Austria Klagenfurt with a capacity of 10,900. Although Austria Klagenfurt was relegated in 2004 the Carinthian government was for building a new stadium for the UEFA Euro 2008.

The new stadium was for 32,000 visitors. It was opened on 7 September 2007 with a a friendly match between Austria and Japan in front of 26,500 spectators. For the 2007-08 season FC Pasching was relocated to the stadium to ensure matches after the Euro 2008. Till the bankruptcy in 2010 Pasching played under the name SK Austria Kärnten in the stadium. 2010 the stadium was renamed Wörthersee stadium because the name sponsor so far ( Hypo Group Alpe Adria) was in economic troubles. The stadium is now the homeground of SK Austria Klagenfurt. It also hosted final matches of the Austrian Cup.

Since July 2022 it is named 28 Black stadium for sponsorship reasons.

The "Wörthersee Stadion" hosted 3 matches of Euro 2008.


Duvar (movie)

Duvar is a 1983 Turkish-French drama movie directed by Yılmaz Güney and starring Tuncel Kurtiz, Zeynep Kuray, Ayse Emel Mesci Kuray, Malik Berrichi, Nicolas Hossein, Ahmet Ziyrek, Jacques Dimanche, Jean-Pierre Colin, Ali Berktay.

Challenge Cup

The Challenge Cup was a tournament for football clubs of the Austro-Hungarian Empire It was played from 1897 to 1911.

It started in 1897 and was invented by John Gramlick. He was one of the founders of Vienna Cricket and Football-Club. The competition was for all clubs in the Austro-Hungarian Empire. All teams came from the three major cities Vienna, Budapest and Prague. It was played in a knockout format.

The trophy is now in the possession of its last winner Wiener Sport-Club. The Challenge Cup was played for the last time in 1911. Today it is seen as a early version of the Austrian Cup (first held in 1918).

Getting Even (1986 movie)

Getting Even is a 1986 American Cold War movie directed by Dwight H. Little and starring Edward Albert, Audrey Landers, Joe Don Baker, Caroline Williams. It was distributed by Vestron Video.


Dustin Poirier

Dustin Poirier Nickname "The Diamond" (born January 19, 1989 in Lafayette, Louisiana ) is an American professional mixed martial artist who currently competes in the Featherweight and Lightweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He is a former Interim UFC Lightweight Champion (One time). In the lightweight division, he holds notable wins over former UFC champions Anthony Pettis, Eddie Alvarez, and Conor McGregor.


Paul-Henri Sandaogo Damiba

Paul-Henri Sandaogo Damiba (born 2 January 1981) is a Burkinabé military officer. He was the 4th President of Burkina Faso and Chairman of the Patriotic Movement for Safeguard and Restoration from January to September 2022. He removed President Roch Marc Christian Kaboré from power on 24 January 2022 during the 2022 Burkinabé coup d'état.

Damiba was removed from power by Ibrahim Traoré in the September 2022 coup d'état.

Nanobiotix

Nanobiotix is a biotechnology company. It uses nanomedicine to develop new radiotherapy techniques for cancer patients. The home office of the company is in Paris. Also, it has offices in New York and Massachusetts.

Nanobiotix is a spin-off of the State University of New York (SUNY) at Buffalo.

Marco Cappato

Marco Cappato (born 25 May 1971) is an Italian activist and politician. Cappato was an Italian Member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2009. He was a candidate for President of Italy in the 2022 elections.

Paolo Maddalena

Paolo Maddalena (born 27 March 1936) is an Italian lawyer and academic. He was a Judge of the Constitutional Court of Italy from 2002 to 2011. In 2022, he was nominated by members of the Italian Parliament as a candidate for President of Italy.

2022 Montenegrin pro-government protests

Protests began in Montenegro on 19 January 2022 against the proposition of URA to remove Prime Minister Zdravko Krivokapić and his cabinet from power. They are also against the formation of a temporary minority government. Since most ministers of the cabinet are close to Krivokapić, most ministers supported or attended these protests. 

The protests are being held in multiple cities such as Podgorica, Bijelo Polje and Berane. While most have been peaceful, there have been cases of violence at the protests, such as the assault of a reporter.

Krivokapić was removed from power in a motion of no confidence on 4 February 2022.

Sheldon Silver

Sheldon Silver (February 13, 1944 – January 24, 2022) was an American Democratic Party politician, lawyer, and convicted felon. He was Speaker of the New York State Assembly from 1994 to 2015. He was a member of the New York State Assembly from 1977 to 2015. Silver was born in New York City.

Silver was arrested on federal corruption charges in early 2015, and resigned as Speaker of the Assembly shortly afterward. At his trial that November, he was convicted of all charges. Silver was resentenced in July 2020 to years in prison.

Silver died on January 24, 2022 at a prison hospital in Ayer, Massachusetts from problems caused by kidney disease, aged 77.

Ayberk Pekcan

Ayberk Pekcan (22 May 1970 – 24 January 2022) was a Turkish actor. He was born in Mersin, Turkey. His career began in 1995. He was known for playing Hıdayet in "Winter Sleep" (2014) and Erol in "Mustang" (2015).

Pekcan died on 24 January 2022 in Mersin from lung cancer, aged 51.

Szilveszter Csollány

Szilveszter Csollány (; 13 April 1970 – 24 January 2022) was a Hungarian gymnast. He was born in Sopron, Hungary. He won a gold medal at the 2000 Summer Olympics. He also won a silver medal at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Csollány was hospitalised in November 2021 with COVID-19 and put on a ventilator in Budapest. He died from the infection on 24 January 2022, at the age of 51.

Caetano Veloso

Caetano Emanuel Viana Teles Veloso (; born August 7, 1942) is a Brazilian composer, singer, guitarist, writer, and political activist. Veloso first became known for his participation in the Brazilian musical movement Tropicalismo. Veloso has won nine Latin Grammy Awards and two Grammy Awards. He was born in Santo Amaro, Bahia, Brazil. His career began in 1957.

Vaccine hesitancy

Vaccine hesitancy is not supporting the use of vaccines and the spread of conspiracy theories against vaccines. Some believe that vaccines cause more harm than good. Others, specially parents of children with allergies, believe that kids are getting more vaccine than they actually needed.

"Anti-vaccination activism" is about the opposition to vaccination; in more recent years, anti-vaccinationists have been known as "anti-vaxxers" or "anti-vax". Vaccine hesitancy is difficult to understand and context-specific, varying across time, place and vaccines.

It can be caused by lack of proper scientifically-based knowledge and understanding about how vaccines are made or how vaccines work and psychological factors, including fear of needles or not trusting public figures and politicians. Some anti-vaxxers believe that vaccines cause autism, which is not true.

Vaccine hesitancy for infant is also associated with parents' health belief. Parents with higher education level would have their children vaccinated. On the other hand, kids from poorly educated family or who had believed that vaccine causes allergies are more likely to have their vaccination delayed by their parents. 
Religion also plays an important role in anti-vaccination. religious anti-vaccinationists would always refer vaccines as unnatural and therefore, unhealthy. Other anti-vaccinationists question about the need to those rare disease. It is ironic since the lack of disease is a result of successful vaccination 

Finally, the contradictory of scientific evidence also confused the public when making vaccine decisions. As the nature of scientific evidence encourages critical thinking and constructive supplements. This made the public struggle in believing the truth of existing vaccine science.

Theresa Amayo

Theresa Guichard Amayo Brasini (13 July 1933 – 24 January 2022) was a Brazilian actress. She was born in Belém, Brazil. Her career began in 1953. Her best known roles were as Sonia in "S.O.S. Mulheres ao Mar" (2014) and Lillisa in "The Pilgrim" (2014). She also played Vitoria in the telenovela "Pecado Capital" (1975–1976).

Amayo died of kidney cancer on 24 January 2022 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil at the age of 88.

Alon Wieland

Alon Carl Wieland (April 26, 1935 – January 22, 2022) was an American Republican politician and businessman. He was a member of the North Dakota House of Representatives, from 2002 to 2014. He was the Commissioner of Cass County, North Dakota from 1983 to 2003. Wieland was born in Underwood, North Dakota.

Wieland died in West Fargo, North Dakota on January 22, 2022, at the age of 86.

Underwood, North Dakota

Underwood is a city in McLean County, North Dakota, United States. The population was 784 at the 2020 census.

Washburn, North Dakota

Washburn is a city in southern McLean County, North Dakota, United States. It is on the upper Missouri River. It is the county seat of McLean County. The population was 1,300 at the 2020 census.

Combined Statistical Area

Combined statistical area (CSA) is a term for a combination of nearby metropolitan (MSA) and micropolitan statistical areas (µSA) across the 50 US states and the territory of Puerto Rico that can demonstrate economic or social links. The OMB defines a CSA as consisting of various combinations of adjacent metropolitan and micropolitan areas with economic ties measured by commuting patterns. These areas that combine retain their own designations as metropolitan or micropolitan statistical areas within the larger combined statistical area.

Gernot Böhme

Gernot Böhme (3 January 1937 – 20 January 2022) was a German philosopher and author. He was the director of the Institute for Practical Philosophy in Darmstadt, Hesse from 2005 until his death. Böhme was born in Dessau, Anhalt, Germany. 

As a research scientist he worked at the Max-Planck-Institute with Carl Friedrich von Weizsäcker. From 1977 to 2002 he was Professor of Philosophy at Technical University of Darmstadt. 

Böhme died on 20 January 2022 in Darmstadt, at the age of 85.

Stephen Churchett

Stephen George Churchett (10 April 1947 – January 2022) was an English actor and writer. He was born in Bromley, Kent, England. His career began in 1969. He was known for playing Marcus Christie in "EastEnders". 

Churchett died in January 2022, at the age of 74.

Dick Halligan

Richard Bernard Halligan (August 29, 1943 – January 18, 2022) was an American musician and composer. He was best known as a founding member of the jazz-rock band Blood, Sweat & Tears. He won a Grammy Award in 1970. He composed the movie scores for "Go Tell the Spartans" (1978), "Cheaper to Keep Her" (1981), "Fear City" (1984), and the Chuck Norris movies "A Force of One" (1979) and "The Octagon" (1980).

Halligan died in Rome on January 18, 2022, at the age of 78. 

Bill Owens (Massachusetts politician)

William Owens (July 6, 1937 – January 22, 2022) was an American politician and businessman. He was the first Black state senator in the Massachusetts State Senate. Owens was born in Demopolis, Alabama. He was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1973 until 1974. He was a Democrat. He was in the state senate from 1975 to 1982 and from 1989 to 1992.

Owens died on January 22, 2022 from COVID-19 in Boston, Massachusetts at the age of 84.

Lyudmyla Yanukovych

Lyudmyla Oleksandrivna Yanukovych (; née Nastenko; October 9, 1949) is a Ukrainian engineer. She is the ex-wife of fourth Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych. She was the First Lady of Ukraine between 2010 until 2014. She has worked at the Yenakiyeve Iron and Steel Works, in the design and appraisal bureau. 

After her divorce from Yanukovych, she moved to Crimea.

Olena Zelenska

Olena Volodymyrivna Zelenska (born 6 February 1978) is a Ukrainian screenwriter serving as the first lady of Ukraine since 2019 as the wife of President Volodymyr Zelenskyy.

Olena Kyiashko was born on 6 February 1978 in Kryvyi Rih, Soviet Ukraine. She studied at Kryvyi Rih National University, where she met her future husband, Volodymyr Zelenskyy. In 2000, she graduated from Kryvyi Rih Technical University and received a specialist diploma. She also graduated from a music school with a piano class.

In 2003, she and her husband got married. They have two children named Oleksandra and Kyrylo.

On August 23, 2021, the First Kyiv Summit of First Ladies and Gentlemen took place in Kyiv at the initiative of Zelenska. Eleven first ladies from different countries joined the event. The main topic of discussion was the COVID-19 pandemic.

On 19 July 2022, Zelenska started her visit to the United States. On the first day of the visit, Zelenska met with the U.S. Secretary of State Antony Blinken and Samantha Power. 

On the second day of the visit, she held a meeting with U.S. First Lady Jill Biden at the White House. Zelenska was also met U.S .President Joe Biden and U.S. Vice President Kamala Harris.

Zelenska also addressed the U.S. Congress on the second day of her visit. She became first presidential wife of another country to address the U.S. Congress.

On 22 September 2022, Olena Zelenska presented her foundation at a charity evening in New York City during the 77th UN General Assembly.

The Foundation has three key directions: medicine, education and humanitarian aid.

She was honored as one of the BBC 100 Women in December 2022.

In November 2023, Zelenska was named one of the 25 most influential women in the world.

Sean Rad

Sean Rad (born May 22, 1986) is an entrepreneur and co-founder of Tinder, the online dating app. 

Rad was born on May 22, 1986 in Los Angeles, California. Rad began his studies at the University of Southern California (USC) but dropped out after two years. 

Rad started his first company, Orgoo an application for messaging and video chat integration tool in 2004. He also founded Adly an influencer social media management company in 2009.

Affiliated Computer Services

Affiliated Computer Services Inc. (ACS) was a company that provided information technology services as well as business process outsourcing solutions to businesses, government agencies, and non-profit organizations. ACS was based in Dallas, Texas. Founded in 1988, by Darwin Deason, ACS operated in nearly 100 countries, generating over $6 billion per year.

Affiliated Computer Services, Inc. (ACS) was founded by Darwin Deason in 1988. At first created as a data services provider to the financial services industry, Deason expand ACS's influence on the communications, education, financial services, government, healthcare, insurance, manufacturing, retail, and travel and transportation industries.

In 1995 ACS became a public company and stopped bank data processing. By FY 1996 ACS became the fourth-largest commercial outsource provider in the United States.

In February 2010, following its purchase by Xerox, ACS was replaced by Urban Outfitters on the Standard & Poor 500 Index.

On July 1, 2015, Xerox sold the IT Outsourcing business to Atos. Xerox pointed out that ITO did not line up with its vision of integration of BPO (business process outsourcing) and the legacy document handling concerns. On July 29, 2016, the US District Court for the Southern District of New York dismissed the suit at law by Matthew Sciabacucchi. The lawsuit contended that some Xerox Corp directors and officers had cancelled their duties because of purchasing ACS for $6.4 billion in 2010.

On January 3, 2017, a company called Conduent was spun off as a divestiture from Xerox. The business scope of Conduent was generally identical to that of the former Affiliated Computer Services (ACS).

In February 2020 efforts to take down the company's former headquarters building in Dallas failed.

In 2006, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) reported ACS that they were conducting an informal investigation into certain stock option grants made by the company from October 1998 through March 2005. This was associated with the inadequate and unethical practice of reverse back-dating to specific low points available. ACS said the managers incorrectly backdated the price of grant options from 1994 to 2005.

During that time, ACS said they chose days on purpose the days when ACS's shares fell a dip as the effective date for the options, making them more valuable when exercised. Rich, King, and Edwards "used retrospect to select favorable grant dates," ACS said in a statement. CEO Mark King and CFO Warren Edwards, both involved in the wrongdoing. So they immediately resigned. The former CEO Jeff Rich previously retired at the beginning of the year.

Northern Territory Government

The Government of the Northern Territory of Australia, also referred to as the Northern Territory Government, is the Australian territorial democratic administrative authority of the Northern Territory formed in 1978. 

Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly

The Australian Capital Territory Legislative Assembly is the only chamber of the unicameral legislature of the Australian Capital Territory. It sits in the Legislative Assembly Building in Canberra.

Etchika Choureau

Etchika Choureau (19 November 1929 – 25 January 2022) was a French actress. She was known for her relationship with Hassan II of Morocco from 1958 until 1961. Her best known roles were in "Children of Love", "A Girl from Paris" and "Darby's Rangers".

Choureau died on 25 January 2022, at the age of 92.

Sverre Stensheim

Sverre Malvin Stensheim (31 October 1933 – 22 January 2022) was a Norwegian cross-country skier. He competed in the 30 km and 50 km events at the 1960 and 1964 Winter Olympics. He came in fifth place in the 50 km in 1964. Stensheim was born in Oppdal, Norway.

Stensheim died on 22 January 2022 at the age of 88.

Luigi Manconi

Luigi Manconi (born 21 February 1948) is an Italian academic, journalist and politician. He was a Member of Senate of the Republic between 1994 until 2001 and again from 2013 until 2018. He was nominated by the Italian Parliament as a candidate for President of Italy in the 2022 elections.

Elisabetta Casellati

Maria Elisabetta Casellati, née Alberti (born 12 August 1946), is an Italian lawyer and politician. She was the President of the Italian Senate from 2018 to 2022. She is the first woman to have ever held this position. In 2022, she was nominated as a candidate for President of Italy by centre-right coalition. Election president, the crash of lawyer Casellati who was already seen at the Quirinale. She became Minister for Institutional Reforms in the Giorgia Meloni cabinet in 2022.

Ivanoe Bonomi

Ivanoe Bonomi (18 October 1873 – 20 April 1951) was an Italian statesman. He was the 25th Prime Minister of Italy from 1921 until 1922 and again during 1944 until 1945.

Enrico De Nicola

Enrico De Nicola, (; 9 November 1877 – 1 October 1959) was an Italian jurist, journalist, politician. He was the head of state of republican Italy from 1946 to 1948. He became the first president of Italy on 1 January 1948.

Laura Boldrini

Laura Boldrini, (; born 28 April 1961) is an Italian politician and former United Nations official. She was President of the Chamber of Deputies of Italy. She was the Spokesperson to the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) for Southern Europe.

Giuseppe Saragat

Giuseppe Saragat (; 19 September 1898 – 11 June 1988) was an Italian politician who was the president of Italy from 1964 to 1971.

Giovanni Gronchi

Giovanni Gronchi, (; 10 September 1887 – 17 October 1978) was an Italian Christian Democratic politician. He was the president of Italy from 1955 to 1962.

Giovanni Leone

Giovanni Leone (; 3 November 1908 – 9 November 2001) was an Italian politician, jurist and university professor. He was a founding member of the Christian Democracy (DC). He was the president of Italy from December 1971 until June 1978.

He also was prime minister from June to December 1963 and again from June to December 1968. He was also President of the Chamber of Deputies from May 1955 until June 1963.

Leone was the first Italian president to resign for a scandal. In 1978, he was accused of bribery and these allegations were proven false.

Mariano Rumor

Mariano Rumor (; 16 June 1915 – 22 January 1990) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Christian Democracy (DC). He was the 39th Prime Minister of Italy from December 1968 to August 1970 and again from July 1973 to November 1974. 

Rumor also was Minister of Agriculture from 1959 to 1963, Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1974 to 1976 and Minister of the Interior in two brief times, in 1963 and from 1972 to 1973. 

Rumor was also Secretary of the Christian Democracy from 1964 to 1969.

Nilde Iotti

Leonilde Iotti, commonly known as Nilde Iotti (; 10 April 1920 – 4 December 1999) was an Italian politician. She was a member of the Italian Communist Party (PCI). She was the first woman and only member of the PCI to become President of the Chamber of Deputies.

Irene Pivetti

Irene Pivetti (born 4 April 1963) is an Italian journalist, television presenter and politician. She has been President of the Italian Chamber of Deputies from 1994 to 1996.

Luciano Violante

Luciano Violante (born 25 September 1941) is an Italian judge and politician. He was a member of the Italian Chamber of Deputies from 1979 to 2008.

Gianfranco Fini

Gianfranco Fini (born 3 January 1952) is an Italian politician. He was the president of the Italian Chamber of Deputies from 2008 to 2013.

Fausto Bertinotti

Fausto Bertinotti (born 22 March 1940) is an Italian politician. He led the Communist Refoundation Party ("Partito della Rifondazione Comunista") from 1994 to 2006. 

On 29 April 2006, he was elected President of the Chamber of Deputies, a position he held until 2008.

Montefalcione

Montefalcione (Irpino: ) is a town and "comune" of the province of Avellino in the Campania region of southern Italy.

Arthur Lira

Arthur César Pereira de Lira (born 25 June 1969), or simply Arthur Lira, is a Brazilian lawyer, farmer, businessman and politician. He has been the Federal Deputy for Alagoas since 2011. He is a member of Progressistas (PP). He is the President of the Chamber of Deputies since February 2021.

Rodrigo Pacheco (politician)

Rodrigo Otavio Soares Pacheco (born 3 November 1976) is a Brazilian politician and lawyer. He is the President of the Federal Senate since 2021 and of the National Congress of Brazil since 2019. He was in the chamber of deputies from 2015 to 2019.

Luiz Fux

Luiz Fux () (born 26 April 1953) is a Brazilian judge. He is the current Chief Justice of the Supreme Federal Court since 2020. He was appointed as a justice of the Court by President Dilma Rousseff in 2011 and had his nomination approved by the Senate. He is the first Jewish Brazilian member of the Court. 

He was a minister of the Superior Court of Justice.

Slade Brockman

William Edward Slade Brockman (born 27 March 1970) is an Australian politician. He has been a Senator for Western Australia since 2017, representing the Liberal Party. He was elected President of the Australian Senate in October 2021 following the resignation of Scott Ryan. 

Pseudis platensis

Pseudis platensis is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Paraguay, Argentina, and Brazil.

Scientists used to think this was the same frog as "Pseudis paradoxa". They said it was a subspecies. They called it "Pseudis paradoxa platensis". Then, in 2007, scientists looked at the frog's genes. The genes of "Pseudis platensis" were different enough from "Pseudis paradoxa" to say it was its own species.

Andrew Wallace

Andrew Bruce Wallace (born 27 February 1968) is an Australian politician. He is the 31st Speaker of the House of Representatives since 2021. He is a member of the Liberal Party. He has been a member of the House of Representatives since 2016.

Powa Technologies

Powa Technologies was a technology company, based in the United Kingdom. It is known for its commerce, mobile commerce and e-commerce services. The company’s flagship product was the mobile application "PowaTag". In February 2016, investment company Wellington Management appointed professional services firm Deloitte as administrators of Powa Technologies. 
Powa was founded in 2007 by British businessman Dan Wagner. The company got the largest Series A funding round for a technology start-up at the time, collecting $76 million in August 2013. The investment attracted the attention of David Cameron.

In June 2014, Powa Technologies bought Hong Kong business MPayMe and its ZNAP technology. So Wagner suggested that Powa had a business value of $2.6 billion.

In 2015, they announced that their planned LSE £1.6 billion float would be suspended until the year. By early 2016, the company had run into financial difficulties, missing payments to staff and third parties.

Its Hong Kong office did not pay its employees on time and its ex-employees within 7 days, with some employees having to seek help from the Labor Department. On 28 January 2016, Alessandro Gadotti became CEO of PowaTag in the effort of restructuring the business.

During his leadership, he also served as the Group's interim CEOs, supporting the process and the sale of the Group's companies. On February 19, 2016, Powa Technologies was transferred to management, and on February 23, 2016, Powa Technologies made 74 of its London-based staff redundant.

On 24 February 2016, Powa Technologies filed for bankruptcy and fired most of its employees. Wellington Management, an investment firm, has appointed Deloitte Professional Services as PowaTag administrators. 

PowaTag was a technology for mobile payments and mobile application by Powa Technologies. PowaTag was launched at a March 2014 event in New York by Powa CEO Dan Wagner. It was reported that at the time of launch, more than 240 retailers had signed up to use the service. However, later reports showed that most of the companies had only written non-binding Letters of Intent. 


Thanks to the application, users could shop with a smartphone, where the payment and delivery data are tied to a specific smartphone device. The app contained elements of QR code detection, audio recognition, and beacon technology. 

Audio watermarks in the form of insensitive tones embedded within radio, commercials, or live broadcast events were detectable by the app, that taking users to a mobile commerce store where you could make a purchase. 


Chief Justice of Australia

The Chief Justice of Australia is the presiding Justice of the High Court of Australia and the highest-ranking judicial officer in the Commonwealth of Australia. The current chief justice is Susan Kiefel, who is the first woman to hold the position.

Gerard Brennan

Sir Francis Gerard Brennan (22 May 1928 – 1 June 2022) was an Australian lawyer and jurist. He was the 10th Chief Justice of Australia, appointed by Prime Minister Paul Keating in 1995. Prime Minister Malcolm Fraser appointed Brennan to the court in 1981.

Murray Gleeson

Anthony Murray Gleeson (born 30 August 1938) is an Australian former judge. He was the 11th Chief Justice of Australia, in office from 1998 to 2008.

On 7 November 2008, Gleeson was appointed a non-permanent judge of the Court of Final Appeal of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region.

Pekka Rinne

Pekka Rinne (born 3 November, 1982) is an Finnish former professional ice hockey goaltender. He played for almost 10 seasons in the National Hockey League (NHL). He played for the Nashville Predators. He also played for Oulun Kärpät of the SM-Liiga and for Dinamo Minsk of the Kontinental Hockey League (KHL).

During his career, Rinne was a very successful goaltender. Rinne won the Vezina Trophy in 2017. He also helped lead the Predators to their first Stanley Cup Final in 2017.

On July 13, 2021, Rinne announced that he was retiring from professional hockey. On February 24, 2022, the Predators also announced that Rinne's number 35 jersey would be the first jersey number to be retired in team history.


Robert French

Robert Shenton French (born 19 March 1947) is an Australian lawyer and judge. He was the twelfth Chief Justice of Australia, in office from 2008 to 2017. He has been the chancellor of the University of Western Australia since 2017.

Susan Kiefel

Susan Mary Kiefel (; born 17 January 1954) is an Australian lawyer and judge. She is the chief justice of Australia since 30 January 2017. She has been on the High Court since 2007. Kiefel is the first woman to serve as Chief Justice.

Wittibreut

Wittibreut is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany.

Wurmannsquick

Wurmannsquick is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria in Germany.

Zeilarn

Zeilarn is a municipality in Rottal-Inn in Bavaria, Germany.

Zeilarn is in the region Landshut in a Lower Bavarian landscape of hills directly along the B20 about 14 km southeast of Eggenfelden, 18 km northeast of Altötting, 20 km north of Burghausen, 17 km northwest of Simbach and 20 km southwest of the county town Pfarrkirchen. The nearest train station is in Marktl.

Zeilarn has 87 officially named districts:

Altendorf, Upper Palatinate

Altendorf is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Bodenwöhr

Bodenwöhr is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Bruck in der Oberpfalz

Bruck in der Oberpfalz is a market town in Schwandorf in the Upper Palatinate, Bavaria, Germany.

Burglengenfeld

Burglengenfeld is a town in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Naab, 22 km north of Regensburg.

Dieterskirchen

Dieterskirchen is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

The neighbouring communities clockwise: Oberviechtach, Winklarn, Thanstein, Neunburg vorm Wald, Schwarzhofen and Niedermurach.

Fensterbach

Fensterbach is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Gleiritsch

Gleiritsch is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Guteneck

Guteneck is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Maxhütte-Haidhof

Maxhütte-Haidhof () is a municipality in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 21 km north of Regensburg.

Clarivate

Clarivate Analytics is an independent US company founded in 2016 that manages databases, information systems, and intellectual property collections funded by a subscription to its services. The company is focused on scientific and academic research, patent analysis and legal regulation, pharmaceutical and biotechnological research, patents, and regulatory compliance; trademark protection, and domain and brand protection.

From 1992 until 2016, the company's intellectual property belonged to Thomson Reuters, because it was a branch of IP & Science. On October 3, 2016, it jumped into an independent company.

The purpose of the company to select, analyze and provide high-quality information for scientists, teachers, publishers, librarians, doctors, patent staff, market stomach, managers, etc.

Clarivate is quickly developing due to numerous acquisitions: 5 years since the foundation of Clarivate bought more than 10 of information services companies. In some cases, Clarivate bought, despite increased antimonopoly worsens, companies that were direct competitors to each other. Perhaps the most notable example of this was the purchase of ProQuest for $5.3 billion in December 2021, which was a Competitor Web of Science, Clarivate owned since 2017.

Clarivate reported its gross profit margin as 64% (in 2019) and its EBIDTA profit margin as 45% (in 2021), which places it in the range of entertainment software and tobacco industries, and ahead of pharmaceutical, oil/gas and cell phone industries.


Nabburg

Nabburg is a municipality in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Naab, 23 km east of Amberg.

28 districts belong to Nabburg.:

Neukirchen-Balbini

Neukirchen-Balbini is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

2021 NFL season

The 2021 NFL season was the 102nd season of the National Football League (NFL). This is the first season to have 17 games. The regular season games started on September 9, 2021. The regular season games ended on January 9, 2022. The playoffs started on January 15 and ended with Super Bowl LVI on February 13.

Guillermo del Toro's Pinnochio

Guillermo del Toro's Pinnochio (also known as simply just Pinnochio) is an upcoming stop-motion animated musical fantasy film. It is directed by by Guillermo del Toro and Mark Gustafson. It is based on Gris Grimly's design from his 2002 edition of the 1883 Italian novel "The Adventures of Pinocchio" by Carlo Collodi. The film marks the animated feature film directorial debut of del Toro. It stars the voices of Ewan McGregor, David Bradley, Gregory Mann, Finn Wolfhard, Cate Blanchett, John Turturro, Ron Perlman, Tim Blake Nelson, Burn Gorman, Christoph Waltz, Tilda Swinton. It has a screenplay by del Toro, Gris Grimly, Patrick McHale and Matthew Robbins and a story by del Toro and Robbins. Daniel Radcliffe is the movie's executive producer.

Produced by The Jim Henson Company and ShadowMachine in co-production with Necropia Entertainment, "Pinocchio" was announced by Del Toro in 2008 and originally scheduled to be released in 2013 or 2014, but the project went into development hell. In January 2017, McHale was announced to co-write the script, but in November 2017, the production was suspended as no studios were willing to provide financing. The production was revived the following year after being acquired by Netflix. It is set to be released in December 2022.

A dark, twisted retelling of the famous Carlo Collodi fairytale about a wooden puppet who comes to life and dreams of becoming a real boy takes place in 1930s Fascist Italy. When Pinocchio comes to life, he turns out not to be a nice boy, causing mischief and playing mean tricks. But at its core, "Pinocchio" is "a story of love and disobedience as Pinocchio struggles to live up to his father’s expectations."


Neunburg vorm Wald

Neunburg vorm Wald is a municipality in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 21 km east of Schwandorf on the river Schwarzach, a tributary of the Naab.

2021 Detroit Lions season

The 2021 season was the Detroit Lions' 92nd season in the National Football League, the 20th season playing home games at Ford Field and their first season under the head coach Dan Campbell.

The Lions schedule was released on May 13, 2021.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Los Angeles Rams season

The 2021 season is the Los Angeles Rams' 84th season in the National Football League and the fifth under head coach Sean McVay. 

The Rams' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021–22 NFL playoffs

The 2021–22 NFL playoffs was the playoff tournament for the 2021 season. This was the first playoff with a 17 game season. The playoffs ended with Super Bowl LVI on February 13, with the Los Angeles Rams becoming champions.

Winners of each game are in Bold

2021 San Francisco 49ers season

The 2021 season is the San Francisco 49ers' 72nd season in the National Football League and their fifth under the head coach Kyle Shanahan. They finished the regular season with 10 wins and 7 lossses, and advanced to the playoffs as the 6th seed. In the playoffs, they upset the 3rd-seeded Dallas Cowboys (who had 12 wins and 5 losses) and the 1-seed Green Bay Packers (13 wins and 4 losses), but lost in the NFC title game to division rival Los Angeles Rams.

The 49ers' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Niedermurach

Niedermurach is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Nittenau

Nittenau () is a municipality in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Regen, 18 km southeast of Schwandorf, and 24 km northeast of Regensburg.

It is the "sister city" of Lake Zurich, Illinois.

2021 Tampa Bay Buccaneers season

The 2021 season was the Tampa Bay Buccaneers' 46th season in the National Football League (NFL) and their third under head coach Bruce Arians.

The Buccaneers' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12. As defending Super Bowl champions, the Buccaneers hosted the 2021 NFL Kickoff Game at Raymond James Stadium against the Dallas Cowboys.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Green Bay Packers season

The 2021 season was the Green Bay Packers' 101st season in the National Football League and their third under head coach Matt LaFleur.

The first week was announced 11 hours ahead of the rest of the season on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

As the result of clinching the NFC North division title and the best record in the NFC, the Packers hosted a playoff game in the Divisional round.

Super Bowl LVI

Super Bowl LVI was the 56th Super Bowl. It was the final game of the 2021 season and end of the 2021–22 NFL playoffs. It was played between the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Los Angeles Rams and the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Cincinnati Bengals. The game was played on February 13, 2022, at SoFi Stadium in Inglewood, California. The Rams beat the Bengals 23-20.

2021 Dallas Cowboys season

The 2021 season was the Dallas Cowboys' 62nd season in the National Football League and the 33rd under the ownership of Jerry Jones.

The Cowboys' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Philadelphia Eagles season

The 2021 season was the Philadelphia Eagles' 89th season in the National Football League and their first under head coach Nick Sirianni.

The Eagles' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 New Orleans Saints season

The 2021 season was the New Orleans Saints' 55th season in the National Football League and the 15th and last under head coach Sean Payton.

The Saints' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Chiasmocleis ventrimaculata

The dotted humming frog ("Chiasmocleis ventrimaculata") is a frog that lives in Ecuador, Brazil, Peru, and Bolivia. Scientists think it might live in Colombia too. Scientists have seen it between 0 and 400 meters above sea level. It is famous because it lives in the same holes in the ground with tarantula spiders.

The adult male frog is 20 to 23 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 21 to 24 mm long. The skin on its back and sides is dark green or gray with gold and light blue spots. Its underside is yellow-white in color with big gray or brown spots. Its feet are not webbed. For a frog, it has short hind legs. For a frog, it has a narrow head and pointed nose.

This frog lives in tropical forests in the Amazon where there is water in the air, but people have also seen it in places where trees have been cut down and in other places where humans have changed the places where the frog could live. It spends most of its time on land instead of in the water like a swimming frog or up in the trees like a tree frog. People have found it hiding in the dead leaves on the ground. It stays still during the day and looks for food at night. This frog lives in the same place with other frogs that came from the same ancient ancestor frog: "Chiasmocleis anatipes", "Chiasmocleis antenori", "Chiasmocleis bassleri", "Ctenophryne geayi", and "Hamptophryne boliviana".

This frog has many young ones all at once. Sometimes they do this after heavy rain. More than 50 male frogs go to a shallow pond. Then they float on the water and sing together for the females. Their singing has a hum in it. The females lay eggs in water that does not flow: ponds but not streams. One female frog can lay more than 200 eggs at a time. The eggs are 2 mm across. The eggs float in groups on top of the water. The tadpoles are gray in color.

This frog eats ants. Its body and narrow head make it very good at catching ants. Its body is not very good at catching other kinds of food.

Snakes and large animals without spines can catch and eat this frog.

Scientists have seen this frog living in the same burrows or holes in trees as tarantula spiders like the Colombian lesserblack tarantula ("Xenesthis immanis"). The spiders could eat the dotted humming frogs and do eat other kinds of frogs, but they do not eat the dotted humming frogs that live with them.

Scientists think the tarantulas use chemicals to tell which frog is which. They have seen young tarantulas pick up small frogs. The young tarantulas touch the frogs with their mouths. Then they put the frogs back down. They do not eat or bite them. Microhylid frogs, like the dotted humming frog, make chemicals in their skin that taste bad. Scientists think this might be why the frogs and spiders started living together.

The dotted humming frog is so small that large insects and other animals without spines can eat it. But the tarantula can fight or eat these insects.

The dotted humming frog eats ants. Ants eat tarantula eggs. Scientists think the tarantula and the spider live together because the spider frightens away animals that would eat the frog and the frog eats the ants that would eat the tarantula's eggs. Scientists call this relationship mutualism or mutualistic symbiosis.

Other frogs and tarantulas that live far from South America also live together like this. For example, there are frogs and tarantulas in Sri Lanka that live together this way. Scientists think this relationship evolved more than once.

The name "Ventrimaculata" comes from Latin from the words ""venter"" and ""macula"." "Venter" means belly and "macula" means spot. This means that the name means "stains on its belly."

Nicolae Guță

Nicolae Linguraru ( b, 3 December 1967) is a Romani (Gypsy) manele singer.

Guță started as a singer and accordionist in the late 1980s. He played lăutărească music. He released his first album in 1992. Two years later, he released his first main hit somg – "De când te iubesc pe tine" (english: "Since I've Been Loving You"). It was on his second long-play record. His first album for a foreign audience was released in France in 1996. At this time while Romanian music critics had very little reaction towards his music. Foreign journalists liked his music. They called it a very modern fashion of Gypsy jazz.

Around 1998, Guță started to become interested in manele music. It was a club-friendly subgenre of Balkans folk music influenced by Turkish and Arab pop. 

2021 Carolina Panthers season

The 2021 season was the Carolina Panthers' 27th in the National Football League and their second under head coach Matt Rhule.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Pittsburgh Steelers season

The 2021 season was the Pittsburgh Steelers' 89th season in the National Football League and their 15th under head coach Mike Tomlin.

The Steelers' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Oberviechtach

Oberviechtach () is a town in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is southeast of Weiden in der Oberpfalz, and northeast of Schwandorf.

Pfreimd

Pfreimd is a town in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Naab, 19 km north of Schwandorf, and 20 km south of Weiden in der Oberpfalz. It is also close to the border with the Czech Republic.

Schmidgaden

Schmidgaden is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Schmidgaden is in the north of the Upper Palatinate.
The municipality includes the following areas: Schmidgaden, Trisching, Wolfsbach, Rottendorf, Gösselsdorf, Littenhof


Schönsee

Schönsee is a town in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany, near the border with the Czech Republic, 38 km northeast of Schwandorf, and 34 km southeast of Weiden in der Oberpfalz.

Schwandorf

Schwandorf is a town on the river Naab in the Upper Palatinate, Bavaria, Germany, which is the seat of the Schwandorf district.


Schwandorf is twinned with:

Schwarzach bei Nabburg

Schwarzach bei Nabburg is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

The municipal is divided in 15 smaller settlements.:

Schwarzenfeld

Schwarzenfeld is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Sabra and Shatila massacre

The Sabra and Shatila massacre refers to the killings of Palestinian refugees and Lebanese Shias at the Sabra and Shatila refugee camp that took place in Beirut, Lebanon, the 16, 17 and 18 of September, 1982, during the Lebanese Civil War.

Israeli-backed Phalange militia killed between 2,000 and 3,500 Palestinian refugees and Lebanese civilians in two days. Those killed were nearly all Palestinian refugees, and the slaughter was carried out by the decision of the Lebanese Christian political party by their Phalangist militia. The massacre is today referred to as Sabra and Shatila after the names of the refugee camps in the attack.

The Lebanese civil war took place in a context of extreme tensions all around Lebanon. The politicians were corrupted and could not agree on the country's policy, for example on subjects such as international policy and on the Palestinian question, in which many countries of the Middle-East region were involved.

Lebanese society was divided between religious groups. Certain religious groups had certain political rights and occupied specific functions that could not be taken by a member of another group. The Christian group was monopolizing the political life while Muslim groups were put aside. 

There is also an important Palestinian presence in the south of the country. The Palestinians were mainly refugees. They were victims of the 1948 Nakba, or “catastrophe” in Arabic, fleeing the violent ethnic cleansing of Palestine by Zionist militias as Israel was formed. The different classes of society were also divided about the Palestinian question. The economic situation is not great as well since unemployment is very high. 

Right before the massacre of the two camps, the President of Lebanon, Bachir Gemayel, was murdered in a bombing attack on the 14 of September 1982. He also was the leader of the Lebanese Phalanges. They took control and closed the west part of Beirut, including the Sabra and Shatila camps. Their invasion was helped by Israeli forces in the pretext of maintaining order in the capital. 

There were different factions involved in the Sabra and Shatila massacre: The Lebanese phalanges, the Israeli army, and the Palestinian refugees, inhabitants of the camps.

Formally known as the Christian Maronite Lebanese Forces, the Lebanese Phalanges were the primary Christian militia involved in the Lebanese Civil War. The Maronites first came to Lebanon in an attempt to escape persecution in Syria. The group was able to build a relationship with European powers, specifically maintaining a connection with France. In addition to the Phalangist militia, there was also a strong Phalangist political party, led most prominently by Pierre Gemayel. 

One of the key leaders of the Phalangist military faction was Bachir Gemayel, son to Pierre, and eventually elected president, though he was assassinated in mid-September of the same year he was elected, before having the opportunity to actually take office. His murder was carried out by bombing and perpetrated by Habib Tanious Shartouni, whose allegiance lay with Syria. He is known to have been a member of the Syrian Social Nationalist Party. Another was Elie Hobeika, who was known to have a close relationship with Gemayel and served as a military leader for the Lebanese forces at the time of the war. 

in 1982 Israel sent troops to Lebanon after the murder attempt on Shlomo Argov, the Israeli ambassador. This gave Israel a pretext to invade the south of Lebanon and the capital. This operation was called "Peace for Galilee". Its goal was to drive out the PLO fighters who established in the country. Though the murder attempt on Shlomo Argov was not perpetuated by the PLO, it gave to Israel the justification to attack Palestinian fighters in Lebanon. The Israeli army slowly advanced on Beirut where they joined their military forces with the Syrian forces already involved in the conflict and with the Lebanese Phalanges. They did not enter the capital until a cease-fire agreement was set up by the USA in September.

After the assassination of Bachir Gemayel Israel broke the agreement. They allowed the Lebanese militia to enter the camp, despite the agreement to protect the Muslim population.

The Palestine Liberation Organization, started in 1964 with the intention of creating a Palestinian state. The organization had directly opposition to and conflict with the State of Israel. Both Palestinian refugees and fighters had seen large amounts of violence. They sought to establish a place for themselves in Southern areas of Lebanon and in Beirut.

The Palestinian refugees' presence in Jordan played a significant role in the rising tension which eventually led to the Lebanese Civil War. They were the target of several forces, including the Maronites, accompanied by the Lebanese army and several other militias, as well as the Israeli army. 

In June of 1982, the Israeli army invaded Lebanon in an attempt to obliterate the Palestinian Liberation Organization. 

Despite steadfast attempts at resistance from the Palestinian-Lebanese side, violence and death was increasing and other actors became involved. Along with several others, the Lebanese prime minister, Shafik Wazzan, and an American representative named Philip Habib were making attempts to diffuse the issue diplomatically. On 11th August 1982, they came to an accord which said that the PLO would be forcefully removed from Beirut under the direction of both American and European forces, specifically France and Italy. Providing this evacuation of Palestinian troops, the Israeli government said that their army would not infiltrate west Beirut or perpetrate further attack. They also pledged, in conjunction with the United States government, the safety of the Palestinians and people inside the refugee camps. 

The Shatila camp, located in west Beirut, had been a standing Palestinian refugee camp since the 1940s. Over time, the camp had grown to also include the nearby Sabra neighborhood, and both Sabra and Shatila were in the direct path of the violence by the Israeli forces. However, because of the formal agreement reached by Philip Habib and Shafik Wazzan, the camps and the Palestinian civilians' security should have been safeguarded. This changed following the assassination of Lebanese president Bachir Gemayel. That prompted the Israeli army and the Phalangist militia, whose loyalty was strongly tied to Gemayel, to take action that they considered necessary to regain control in Beirut and protect the area and people within it. This claim of needing to acquire security and safeguard against terrorism was the veneer Israeli forces employed to justify the disruption of their previous promises and the acts of brutality which followed. Many other parties, including the United States, were implicated in the events of the next few days. 

On 15th September, the Israeli army was the first power to occupy Sabra and Shatila, closing all access out of the camps and effectively confining thousands of civilians and refugees inside. From 16th to 18th September 1982, the camps were then subjected to an onslaught of violence, rape, abuse, and mass murder. Other groups were involved, including the Lebanese Forces and other right-wing militias. The massacre was an enormous loss of human life, consisting of almost entirely Palestinian refugees and Lebanese civilians, including many women and children, hospital patients, and public servants such as medical staff. There is still uncertainty as to precisely how many were killed in the massacre; some state the death toll was as low as 300, some claim it's nearer to 1,700, while other estimates range as high as 4,500 victims. Most sources say that at least 3,000 innocent people were murdered in this 3-day period. 

The massacre was highly denounced by international powers and by the israeli population. The United Nations said the event was a "high scale massacre" and as a "genocide". It also pointed out the responsibility of Israel, while Israeli people demonstrated in the streets. An international inquiry commission, the Mc Bride Commission, was opened. Under pressure, Israeli government was forced to open its own inquiry commission, the Kahan Commission.

The Mc Bride commission, did not establish the direct responsibility of Israel in the massacre. However, it makes Israel responsible for letting the Phalanges enter the camps and helping the massacre by lighting the camps at night. This allowed the massacre to continue even after nightfall. 

Following the Kahan Commission, Israel recognized having surrounded and controlled the camps during the massacre. However, it denies knowing that the massacre was happening. Ariel Sharon, the Israeli minister of Defense, was several times blamed for the massacre. He was sued in Belgium with other Israeli supervisors. However, the plaint would not be followed.

Elie Hobeka was particularly blamed as the one who ordered the massacre by the Phalanges. He was the leader of the Lebanese secret services. Today, his role as the main responsible of the massacre is fully acknowledged. He died in a bombing in 2002 as he was involved in the Belgian trial for the accusation against Ariel Sharon.

Many scholars and journalists have written about the massacre. Also, numerous testimonies depicting the massacre have spread through journalist's work. Many testimonies say that Israeli soldiers saw the massacres occurring. We can illustrate that through the testimonies collected by Pierre Péan, or Leila Shahid. These allegations however could have been discussed and their authenticity has not always been proved. In addition to their memorial role, they are also used by journalists and scholars who study the importance of the massacre. Seth Anziska has worked on American actions during the war. He based his works on the communications between Israel and the USA and the record of the military movements. 




Schwarzhofen

Schwarzhofen is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

The neighbouring communities clockwise: Niedermurach, Dieterskirchen, Neunburg vorm Wald, Altendorf.

Stadlern

Stadlern is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Stadlern is on the western hillsides of the mountain Reichenstein.
To the west is the Schnabelloh-Creek with the mills Bemmerlmühle, Stadlermühle and Tabakmühle.
Across the Schnabelloh-Creek at the eastern hillside of the Drechselberg is the hamlet Reichenberg.
To the east is the river Bayerische Schwarzach with the villages Waldhäuser and Schwarzach and the mill Neumühle and the village Charlottenthal.


The neighbouring communities clockwise: Bělá nad Radbuzou, Rybník nad Radbuzou, Tiefenbach, Weiding, Schönsee.


Steinberg am See

Steinberg am See (Northern Bavarian: "Stoaberg") is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Stulln

Stulln is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Teublitz

Teublitz () is a town in Schwandorf, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Naab, 12 km south of Schwandorf, and 23 km north of Regensburg.


Teunz

Teunz is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Karambit

The karambit or kerambit is a kind of curved knife of Indonesian origin that is used as a weapon.
The shape of its blade resembles a tiger's claw. Many kerambits have a ring at the end of the handle to retain the index finger.


Arrowhead (1953 movie)

Arrowhead is a 1953 American western movie directed by Charles Marquis Warren and was based on the novel "Adobe Walls" by W. R. Burnett. It stars Charlton Heston, Brian Keith, Jack Palance, Katy Jurado, Milburn Stone, Pat Hogan and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.


Bloody Mary (cocktail)

A Bloody Mary is an Alcoholic drink, which has vodka and tomatoes, and sometimes other things, like: Worcestershire sauce, hot sauce, garlic, herbs, horseradish, celery, olives, salt, black pepper, lemon juice, lime juice and celery salt. Some different versions of the drink like the "Surf 'n' turf""" Bloody Mary have shrimps and bacon on it. In the USA, people usually drink Bloody Maries in the morning or noon to stop hangovers.

The Bloody Mary was invented sometime between the 1920s and 1930s. There are many ideas for the origin of the drink and its name. The Bloody Mary also has different versions, like the Red Snapper (Sometimes called the "Bloody Margaret"), the Virgin Mary, the Caesar, and the Michelada.

Richard J. Hughes

Richard Joseph Hughes (August 10, 1909 – December 7, 1992) was an American lawyer, politician, and judge. He served as the 45th governor of New Jersey from 1962-1970, and as Chief Justice of the New Jersey Supreme Court from 1973-1979. Hughes was the first Catholic governor in New Jersey's history. He was a Democrat.

He died on December 7, 1992 in Boca Raton, Florida.

Spanish Sahara

The Spanish Sahara refers to Spain's control of the Western Sahara territory during 1884-1976.

Ghassan Kanafani

Ghassan Kanafani (9 April 1936 – 8 July 1972) was a Palestinian writer and activist. He was a member of the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP). He wrote many texts including "Men in the Sun" (1962). At the age of 36, he was killed in a car bomb by Mossad.

Born in the British Mandate of Palestine in the city of Acre on 9 April 1936, Kanafani and his family were forced to flee to Beirut, with the outbreak of the Arab-Israeli War in 1948. Afterwards, Kanafani and his family settled in Damascus. Kanafani completed his secondary education, receiving a United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees (UNRWA) teaching certificate in 1952. In the subsequent year, he crossed paths with George Habash, who initiated him into the realm of politics and left a significant impact on his early endeavors. He was later expelled from Damascus due to his political activity in support of Pan-Arabism. He then moved to Kuwait along with his sister in 1956 and they both took teaching positions there. After spending some time in Kuwait as a drawing and sports teacher, Kanafani eventually returned to Beirut where he joined the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) in 1967, serving as the spokesperson and editor of its newspaper, al-Hadaf.

During his time in Beirut, Kanafani moved away from Pan-Arabism, a movement calling for unity of all Arab countries, and focused on the Palestinian struggle for liberation. He also became interested in Marxism, which made him join the PFLP the same year it was founded in 1967, as it declared itself as a Marxist-Leninist organization. 

The PFLP was known to carry out armed attacks against Israel and thus, was labelled a terrorist organization by many Western countries including the EU.

Kanafani was never directly involved in these armed activity, yet he supported the armed struggle against Israel and rejected any negotiations with the state. In a 1970 interview, when he was asked by the Australian broadcaster Richard Carleton why he won't participate in “peace talks” with the Israelis, he famously responded with: “That’s the kind of conversation between the sword and the neck.” 

During his lifetime, Kanafani published many stories, his first and most famous novel, "Men in the Sun", being translated into many different languages. Kanafani is often considered to be one of the most influential Palestinian writers, whose stories are part of a “resistance literature”, a term he created. The Palestinian resistance literature were an act of defiance because it preserved the Palestinian identity and allowed the stories of the people to be told, at a time where it was suppressed. Palestinians were forcefully displaced from their homeland, starting with the Nakba in 1948, and faced defeats with the loss of the Arab–Israeli War. 

These stories reflect these painful experience of Palestinians who live under occupation, in refugee camps or abroad under harsh conditions. But instead of only documenting the pain of the Palestinian people and expressing the despair felt after the Nakba and loss of the Arab-Israeli War, Kanafani calls for resistance and to fight back against the Zionists. This made him stand out from other Palestinian writers who were in a state of self-pity. 

After the massacre at Lod Airport in 1972 that killed 26 people, the Israeli secret service Mossad started to target members of the PFLP who, along with the Japanese Red Army, claimed responsibility for the attack. On 8 July 1972, Kanafani was killed in Beirut, along with his niece in a car bomb. The Israeli Mossad claimed responsibility.

However, he left a legacy behind that continues to inspire Palestinians. His face can be found as graffiti drawings throughout Palestine and its refugee camps. The Lebanese non-governmental organization Ghassan Kanafani Cultural Foundation (GKCF) that supports education for Palestinian refugee children in Lebanon is named after him, and was founded in 1974 on his second death anniversary.

Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine

The Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine (PFLP) is a Palestinian revolutionary group founded in 1967 by George Habash. It is the second largest group forming the Palestine Liberation Organization.

Thanstein

Thanstein is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

ITA Airways

ITA Airways is an Italian airline and the flag carrier of that country. The airline is expected to take over the assets and routes of the former Italian flag carrier, Alitalia. ITA belongs to the SkyTeam alliance.

On September 30, 2021, ITA announced that the airline will work with Airbus as a "strategic partner" with the airline, this included the announcements of the future of the ITA fleet. The airline also announced a memorandum with Airbus for the purchase of 10 Airbus A330neo aircraft, 7 Airbus A220 and 11 Airbus A320neo, a total of 28 new aircraft; along with an agreement with Air Lease Corporation for the lease of an additional 31 new Airbus aircraft (this includes the lease of the Airbus A350-900).

The Defenders (1961 TV series)

The Defenders is an American courtroom drama series that aired on CBS. It ran for 4 seasons and 132 episodes from 16 September, 1961 to 13 May, 1965 and starring E. G. Marshall, Robert Reed, Polly Rowles, Joan Hackett.

Trausnitz

Trausnitz is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Wackersdorf

Wackersdorf is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany. 

Weiding, Schwandorf

Weiding is a municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.



Wernberg-Köblitz

Wernberg-Köblitz is a market town in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany.

Winklarn

Winklarn is a market town and municipality in Schwandorf in Bavaria, Germany. Winklarn is in the Upper Palatinate. In the North of Winklarn, there is a large forest, the Frauenstein.

Bergrheinfeld

Bergrheinfeld is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Dittelbrunn

Dittelbrunn is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Dittelbrunn has 4 parts: Dittelbrunn, , Holzhausen and Pfändhausen.

Donnersdorf

Donnersdorf is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Euerbach

Euerbach is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Extreme points of Azerbaijan

This is a list of the extreme points of Azerbaijan, the points that are farther north, south, east or west than any other location, as well as the highest and lowest points. The extreme points are based on the latitudes and longitudes, and on the altitude.

This section includes only the central contiguous section of Azerbaijan.


This section includes only the exclave of Nakhchivan.




Tashiro (surname)

Tashiro (Japanese: 田代) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with this name include:

Uchida (surname)

Uchida (Japanese: 内田) is a common Japanese surname. Notable people with this name are listed as below.

Vienna Cricket and Football-Club

Vienna Cricket and Football-Club is a sport club from Vienna. Today they have tennis and athletics sections, but the club is most famous for the football section which was one of the oldest football clubs in Austria.

The club was founded by English men in Vienna under the name Vienna Cricket Club . Because only few people want to see Cricket they founded a football section. They chanced the name to First Vienna Cricket and Football-Club. They want an official permit and got it on on 23 August 1894 only one day after Vienna FC . So they had to swipe the "first" out of their name. The first official match was a 4:0 win versus their rival First Vienna FC. Because the number of members increased many spin-offs happend. The most important was in 1911 the Wiener Amateursportverein later known as FK Austria Wien.

In 1908 the club hosted the first international match between Austria and Germany in front of 5,000 visitors. Ludwig Hussak was the only player from the club.

One of the founders, John Gramlick, later established the Challenge Cup. In the early 20th century the club was famous for Cricket and Football. Due to financial problems the football section of the club was dissolved in the early 1930s.


Kudo (surname)

Kudo (Japanese: 工藤) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with this name include:

Sudo (surname)

Sudo (Japanese: 須藤) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with this name include:

Kubo (surname)

Kubo (Japanese: 久保) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with this name include:

Sakai (name)

Sakai (Japanese: 坂井, 酒井 etc) is a Japanese surname. It has many kanji descriptions. Things with this name include:

Ozawa (surname)

Ozawa (Japanese: 小沢, 小澤) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with name include:

Igawa

Igawa (Japanese: 井川) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with this name include:

Suda (surname)

Suda (Japanese: 菅田, 須田 etc) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with this name include:

List of Austrian football champions

The Austrian football champions are the winners of the highest league of football in Austria. Since the 1974-75 season the Austrian Football Bundesliga runs the competition. 

Gert Schutte

Gerrit Jan "Gert" Schutte (24 May 1939 – 25 January 2022) was a Dutch politician. In the 1980s and 1990s he was leading the Reformed Political Alliance ("Gereformeerd Politiek Verbond" - GPV), one of the two forerunners of the ChristianUnion.

After started his career in the civil service at several municipalities, Schutte was a member of the Provincial States of Utrecht from 5 June 1974 to 7 June 1978, and a member of the House of Representatives from 27 May 1981 to 14 February 2001.

Schutte was born in Nieuwpoort. He died on 25 January 2022 in Zeist, aged 82.


Kawai (name)

Kawai (Japanese: 河合, 川合, 河井, 川井 etc) is a Japanese surname. Notable people with name include:

Nieuwpoort, South Holland

Nieuwpoort is a very small city in the Netherlands, located in the Alblasserwaard and within this region in the municipality of Molenlanden. The settlement lies on the south bank of the Lek, which is a continuation of the Rhine river. About 1,400 people were living there in 2020.

Nieuwpoort was also a municipality. It formed with Groot-Ammers, Langerak, and Streefkerk the municipality of Liesveld in 1986.

Nieuwpoort received city rights in 1283.


Takagi

Takagi (Japanese: 高木) is a Japanese surname. It means "high/tall tree". Notable people with this name are listed below.


Arkansas (movie)

Arkansas is a 2020 American crime thriller movie directed by first time director Clark Duke (who also stars) and also starring Liam Hemsworth, Michael Kenneth Williams, Vivica A. Fox, Eden Brolin, John Malkovich, Vince Vaughn, Patrick Muldoon. It was distributed by Lionsgate.

DWET-TV

DWET-TV (channel 5) is a television station in Metro Manila, Philippines, serving as the flagship of the TV5 network. It is owned and operated by the network's namesake corporate parent; TV5 also provides certain services to RPTV flagship DZKB-TV (channel 9) and One Sports flagship DWNB-TV (channel 41) under an airtime lease agreement with station owners Radio Philippines Network and Nation Broadcasting Corporation, respectively.

The three stations share studios at the TV5 Media Center, Reliance cor. Sheridan Sts., Brgy. Highway Hills, Mandaluyong, Metro Manila, while DWET-TV's alternate studios and hybrid analog/digital transmitting facilities are located at the TV5 Complex, 762 Quirino Highway, Brgy. San Bartolome, Novaliches, Quezon City. The alternate digital transmitting facility is located at Block 3, Emerald Hills, Sumulong Highway, Antipolo, Rizal.

DWET-TV's digital signal operates on UHF Channel 18 (497.143 MHz) and broadcasts on the following subchannels:

Prior to the NTC's assignment of channels 14 to 20 for major broadcast networks, the station utilized UHF Channel 51 (695.143 MHz) for its digital TV operations, although it remains active to this day.

16:9 widescreen output. The One Sports subchannel feeds, however, converted to widescreen broadcasting less than a year later, on January 22, 2024. Upon the launch of RPTV on February 1, 2024, it replaced the subchannel space of One PH, which reverted its availability to pay TV and streaming.

<br>




Suzuki (disambiguation)

Suzuki (Japanese: 鈴木) may refer to:

Suda (disambiguation)

Suda may refer to:

Ōshima (surname)

Ōshima (Japanese: 大島, 大嶋) is a Japanese surname. It means "big island". Notable people with this name are listed below. 

List of Detroit Lions seasons

The Lions have won four NFL championships. The Lions were the first franchise to finish a full (non-strike shortened) regular season with no wins or ties since the move to sixteen season games in 1978, going 0–16 during the 2008 NFL season. They are also one of four current teams, and the only one in the NFC, to have never played in the Super Bowl.


List of Super Bowl champions

The Super Bowl is the annual American football game that decides the champion of the National Football League (NFL). The game ends the regular season and is the best game in the NFL playoffs.

Numbers in parentheses in the table are Super Bowl appearances as of the date of that Super Bowl and are used as follows:

1991 Detroit Lions season

The Detroit Lions season was the franchise's 62nd season in the National Football League. It is the team's best season since 1970.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Pseudis tocantins

Pseudis tocantins is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Super Bowl XXVI

Super Bowl XXVI was an American football game between the National Football Conference (NFC) champion Philadelphia Eagles and the American Football Conference (AFC) champion Los Angeles Raiders to decide the National Football League (NFL) champion for the 1991 season. The Raiders beat the Eagles by a score of 30–0, bringing the number of Super Bowls they won to two. The Bills lost two Super Bowls in a row. The game was played on January 26, 1992, at the Hubert H. Humphrey Metrodome in Minneapolis, Minnesota.

Frankenwinheim

Frankenwinheim is a village in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany and part of Gerolzhofen.

Frankenwinheim is in the Main Rhön region, about 20 kilometers south of Schweinfurt. Frankenheim is divided into Frankenwinheim and Brünnstadt.

Geldersheim

Geldersheim is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Gerolzhofen

Gerolzhofen () is a town in Schweinfurt, Bavaria, Germany. The town is the earlier center of the district of Gerolzhofen.

Gerolzhofen is twinned with:

Gochsheim

Gochsheim is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

1991 NFL season

The 1991 NFL season was the 72nd regular season of the National Football League. The season ended with Super Bowl XXVI when the Washington Redskins beat the Buffalo Bills 37–24 at the Metrodome in Minnesota.

List of National Football League seasons

This is a list of seasons of the National Football League, including the ten regular seasons of the American Football League, which merged into the National Football League in 1970.

Grafenrheinfeld

Grafenrheinfeld is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Grettstadt

Grettstadt is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany. It has the following villages: Dürrfeld, Grettstadt, Obereuerheim, Untereuerheim.

Kolitzheim

Kolitzheim is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Steve Sims (entrepreneur)

Steve Sims (born 1966) is an entrepreneur and the founder and CEO of the luxury concierge service Bluefish. He is the author of "Bluefishing: The Art of Making Things Happen".

Sims began his career as a Bricklayer in London, then stockbroker job in London. He moved to Hong Kong where he was fired in 5 days.

Supreme Court of the Australian Capital Territory

The Supreme Court of the Australian Capital Territory is the apex court of the Australian Capital Territory. 

Government of the Australian Capital Territory

The Government of the Australian Capital Territory, also referred to as the Australian Capital Territory Government or ACT Government, is the executive authority of the Australian Capital Territory.

Lülsfeld

Lülsfeld is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Michelau im Steigerwald

Michelau im Steigerwald is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Niederwerrn

Niederwerrn is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Oberschwarzach

Oberschwarzach is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Poppenhausen

Poppenhausen is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

It has the following six districts: Hain, Kronungen, Kützberg, Maibach, Pfersdorf, Poppenhausen.

Röthlein

Röthlein is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany. The village is south of Schweinfurt, close to the Main valley. The quarters are Röthlein, Heidenfeld and Hirschfeld.

Schonungen

Schonungen is a municipality in Schweinfurt, Bavaria, Germany. The villages in this municipality are:
and some more

Forst (Unterfranken)

Forst in Unterfranken is a village in the Schonungen municipality that is in Schweinfurt.

Forst is about 1/2 mile just north of the Main river along the southern north edge of the Main river valley. At 923 ft (284m) above sea level, it is about 227 ft (70m) above the river. Many new houses have been built, except in the old village center, due to the great view into the valley. The expansion largely took place to the west towards Schonungen.

Reichmannshausen

Reichmannshausen in Unterfranken is a village in the municipality of Schonungen, in Schweinfurt, Bavaria.

Reichmannshausen is 341 meters above sea level on the Schlettach plateau. It is completely surrounded by forest.


Schwanfeld

Schwanfeld is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

2021 Seattle Seahawks season

The 2021 season was the Seattle Seahawks' 46th season in the National Football League and their 12th under head coach Pete Carroll.

The Seahawks' regular season schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Schwebheim

Schwebheim is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

2021 Arizona Cardinals season

The 2021 season was the Arizona Cardinals' 102nd season in the National Football League and their third under head coach Kliff Kingsbury.

The Cardinals' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Sennfeld

Sennfeld is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Stadtlauringen

Stadtlauringen is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Stadtlauringen is in the Main Rhön region, about 20 kilometers north east of Schweinfurt. It is the northernmost municipality in Schweinfurt.
The Lauer flows through it. The Ellertshäuser See is close to the village Altenmünster.

The municipality Stadtlauringen has the following towns and villages:



2021 Indianapolis Colts season

The 2021 season was the Indianapolis Colts' 69th season in the National Football League and their fourth season under head coach Frank Reich.

The Colts' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Sulzheim, Bavaria

Sulzheim is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

2021 Chicago Bears season

The 2021 season was the Chicago Bears' 102nd season in the National Football League and their fourth and final under head coach Matt Nagy.

The Bears' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12. The Bears will alternate home and away games every game of the season, becoming first team to do so in a 17-game season and the fifth since the NFL season expanded to 16 games in .

2021 Jacksonville Jaguars season

The 2021 season was the Jacksonville Jaguars' 27th season in the National Football League and their only season under head coach Urban Meyer.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Üchtelhausen

Üchtelhausen is a municipality and community in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Üchtelhausen is in region Main - Rhön Mountains.
It has the following districts: Ebertshausen, Hesselbach, Hoppachshof, Madenhausen, Ottenhausen, Thomashof, Weipoltshausen, Zell, Üchtelhausen.

Waigolshausen

Waigolshausen is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

2021 Minnesota Vikings season

The 2021 season was the Minnesota Vikings' 61st in the National Football League (NFL) and their eighth and final under head coach Mike Zimmer.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

Wasserlosen

Wasserlosen is a municipality in Schweinfurt, Bavaria, Germany. The villages in this municipality are:


2021 Cincinnati Bengals season

The 2021 season was the Cincinnati Bengals' 52nd season in the National Football League and their third under head coach Zac Taylor.

The Bengals 2021 schedule was announced on May 12. 
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Atlanta Falcons season

The 2021 season was the Atlanta Falcons' 56th season in the National Football League and their first under head coach Arthur Smith.

The Falcons 2021 schedule was announced on May 12. They opened the season at home against the Philadelphia Eagles.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Tennessee Titans season

The 2021 season was the Tennessee Titans' 52nd season in the National Football League and their fourth under head coach Mike Vrabel.

The Titans' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Houston Texans season

The 2021 season was the Houston Texans' 20th season in the National Football League and their first and only under head coach David Culley.

The Texans' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 New York Jets season

The 2021 season was the New York Jets' 52nd season in the National Football League and their first under head coach Robert Saleh. 

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Buffalo Bills season

The 2021 season was the Buffalo Bills' 52nd in the National Football League, and their fifth under the head coachSean McDermott.

The Bills 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Kansas City Chiefs season

The 2021 season is the Kansas City Chiefs' 52nd season in the National Football League and their ninth under head coach Andy Reid.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 New England Patriots season

The 2021 season was the New England Patriots' 52nd season in the National Football League and their 22nd under head coach Bill Belichick.

The Patriots' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Miami Dolphins season

The 2021 season was the Miami Dolphins' 52nd season in the National Football League and their third and final year under head coach Brian Flores.

The Dolphins' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Las Vegas Raiders season

The 2021 season was the Las Vegas Raiders' 52nd season in the National Football League and their eight and final under head coach Jon Gruden.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Baltimore Ravens season

The 2021 season was the Baltimore Ravens' 26th season in the National Football League and their fourteenth under head coach John Harbaugh. 

The Ravens' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 New York Giants season

The 2021 season was the New York Giants' 97th season in the National Football League and their second and final under head coach Joe Judge.

The schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Washington Football Team season

The 2021 season was the 90th season for the Washington Football Team and their second under head coach Ron Rivera.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Los Angeles Chargers season

The 2021 season was the Los Angeles Chargers' 52nd season in the National Football League (NFL) and their first under head coach Brandon Staley.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Cleveland Browns season

The 2021 season was the Cleveland Browns' 69th season as a member of the National Football League and their second under head coach Kevin Stefanski.

The Browns' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2021 Denver Broncos season

The 2021 season was the Denver Broncos' 52nd season in the National Football League.

The Broncos' 2021 schedule was announced on May 12. Until the Week 18 flex, the Broncos would not have appeared on Monday Night Football for the first time since 1991.
Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

List of Ministers of Internal Affairs of Azerbaijan

The Minister of Internal Affairs of Azerbaijan () is a government minister who is the head of the Ministry of Internal Affairs of Azerbaijan. The person in this position is appointed and dismissed from the office by the President of Azerbaijan.

SC Rudolfshügel

SC Rudolfshügel was a footballclub from Favoriten, a district of Vienna. The club played from 1902 till 1934. From 1907 till 1927 he played in highest level of Austrian football. In 1919 he was runner-up in the championship. The colors were blue and white. The club was named after a elevation between Laaer Berg and Wienerberg.

Burghausen bei Schweinfurt

Burghausen in Lower Franconia is a village in the commune of Wasserlosen.


1991 Buffalo Bills season

The 1991 Buffalo Bills season was the 32nd season and 22nd in the National Football League. They ended their season with their second Super Bowl appearance in a row but lost to the Washington Redskins, 24–37.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2020 Detroit Lions season

The 2020 season was the Detroit Lions' 91st in the National Football League (NFL) and their third and final season under head coach Matt Patricia. This season, their opponents scored more points and yards against them than any other season in Lions history, and the third most for both for any team in NFL history.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

D'Andre Swift

D'Andre Tiyon Swift (born January 14, 1999) is an American football player for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the running back position. Before entering the NFL, he played for the Georgia Bulldogs football team, a college team in Georgia. He was selected in the second round of the 2020 NFL Draft.

Matthew Stafford

John Matthew Stafford (born February 7, 1988) is an American football player for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the quarterback position. He ranks in the top 20 for all-time in pass attempts, completions, passing yards, and passing touchdowns. Stafford is third in all-time passing yards per game. He was the fastest NFL player to reach 40,000 yards.

Stafford was with the Detroit Lions from 2009 until 2020. In 2011, Stafford became the fourth NFL quarterback to throw for over 5,000 yards in a single season, while the Lions played in the playoffs for the first time since 1999.

Jared Goff

Jared Thomas Goff (born October 14, 1994) is an American football player for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the quarterback position. He was selected first in the 2016 NFL Draft by the Los Angeles Rams.

2019 Detroit Lions season

The 2019 season was the Detroit Lions' 90th in the National Football League (NFL) and their second year under head coach Matt Patricia.

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

2018 Detroit Lions season

The 2018 season was the Detroit Lions' 89th in the National Football League (NFL) and their first under head coach Matt Patricia. 

Note: Intra-division opponents are in bold text.

FC Wacker Innsbruck

FC Wacker Innsbruck was an Austrian association football club from Innsbruck, Tyrol.

The "Fußball-Club Wacker Innsbruck" was founded in 1915 with the colours black and green. They played friendlies against other Innsbruck teams, then they stopped until 1918 because of the First World War. 1923 they were in danger to be relegated so they merged with Rapid Innsbruck under the name FC Sturm Innsbruck . But this club soon was dissolved. The club was new founded in 1924 under the old name. 

In 1964 the club was promoted to zhe A-Liga, today's Bundesliga They reached the first title in 1971.
On 20 July 1971 FC Wacker Innsbruck and SV Wattens merged to SpG Swarovski Wattens-Wacker Innsbruck (SSW Innsbruck). The union was only in professional football, the youth teams were part of their original clubs. SSW Innsbruck won the Austrian Championship five times and reached the quarterfinals in the European Cup in 1977–78.

In 1981 SSW Innsbruck was relegated the first time and in 1986 the club was renamed FC Wacker Innsbruck. After the new club FC Swarovski Tirol took over the license of the club FC Wacker Innsbruck had to play in the eighth division. 1992 FC Swarovski was dissolved and Wacker took the Bundesliga license and access to the UEFA Cup 1992–93. They only played for one season because in 1993 the FC Tirol Innsbruck was formed, to which FC Wacker again lost its license. In 1999 the club, meanwhile playing in the seventh division, finally folded.

Austrian Bundesliga

Austrian Cup

Mitropa Cup

QF = Quarterfinal


Patrick Mahomes

Patrick Lavon Mahomes II (born September 17, 1995) is an American football player for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the quarterback position. He is the son of former Major League Baseball (MLB) player Pat Mahomes. He played college football and college baseball at Texas Tech University, but quit baseball to focus on football more. He was selected in the first round of the 2017 NFL Draft.

Mahomes spent his first season with the Chiefs as a backup to Alex Smith. He became the primary player in the 2018 season. In the same season, Mahomes threw for 5,097 yards, 50 touchdowns, and 12 interceptions. He had also thrown for over 5,000 yards in a college season, becoming the first player to throw more than 5,000 yards in college and the NFL. He also became the second player to throw for more than 5,000 yards and score 50 touchdowns in a season, with Peyton Manning being the first.

During the 2019–20 playoffs, Mahomes appeared in Super Bowl LIV, the Chiefs' first Super Bowl appearance in 50 years, where they beat the San Francisco 49ers. Mahomes was awarded the Super Bowl MVP, the second African-American quarterback and youngest player to do so.

Mahomes is known for his athleticism and his unique passing ability.
Mahomes was born on September 17, 1995, in Tyler, Texas, to MLB player, Pat Mahomes and Randi Mahomes. In high school, Mahomes played football, baseball, and basketball. Playing football in his senior year, Mahomes he had 4,619 passing yards and 50 passing touchdowns. In baseball, he threw a no-hitter with 16 strikeouts in a game. He was selected in the 37th round of the 2014 MLB Draft by the Detroit Tigers, but did not sign a contract.

Sepia

Sepia may refer to:





Lowland tropical bullfrog

The lowland tropical bullfrog ("Leptodactylus andreae") is a frog that lives in South America. It lives in the Amazon Basin, east of the Andes mountains in Venezuela, Bolivia, Brazil, Ecuador, Colombia, Guyana, French Guiana, Peru, and Suriname.

The adult male frog is 1.7 to 2.0 long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 2.0 to 2.2 cm long. This frog has brown skin with dark marks on its back. Some of the frogs have two lighter stripes down their sides. Each frog has white skin on its belly and pink or gray skin on the insides of its legs.

This frog has many young ones when there is a lot of rain. It has the most in December. The male frog digs a small hole in the ground called a burrow. He sings for the females on the ground. The female frog lays about 10 eggs in the burrow, covered in foam. The tadpoles live in this foam nest and not in a pond or stream.

This frog looks for food during the day and at night. This frog eats many kinds of insects and other animals with no bones.

Pakka Commercial

Pakka Commercial () is an 2022 Indian Telugu-language legal action-comedy film. It is directed by Maruthi and produced by UV Creations and GA2 Pictures. The film stars Gopichand and Raashi Khanna with Sathyaraj, Rao Ramesh and Anasuya Bharadwaj playing pivotal roles. The movie was originally scheduled to release on May 20, 2022, but instead, it released on July 1, 2022.

Suryanarayana is a dutiful lawyer, who resigns after being unable to deliver justice to Amulya, who was threatened and blackmailed by the rich man named Vivek and ultimately committed suicide. While he works hard at his shop to provide for his family, his son Ramchand "Lucky" finds his law books and coat, sparking an inspiration to become a lawyer. Years later, Lucky becomes an advocate, who embodies the opposite principles of his father, settling cases outside of the court for his personal profits, which Suryanarayana is unaware. One day, Jhansi an actress whose character, a lawyer in a serial, was killed off to save money requests Lucky so that she can sue the studio. Although their case is rejected, Lucky is impressed by Jhansi's knowledge and qualifications in real-life law and they fall in love with each other. 

Afterwards, Lucky defends a gangster, who killed a lawyer despite extensive evidence against him while Suryanayarana helps a couple file a case against a corrupt developer and politician who is actually Vivek. When Suryanarayana refers the case to him, he instead meets Vivek and agrees to work with him for substantial rewards. Vivek also kidnaps the husband, who exposed his corruption. On the second hearing for the gangster's murder case, Jhansi, who has gotten closer to the family, unexpectedly brings Suryanarayana to the courtroom, forcing Lucky to honestly argue and leading to a guilty verdict for the gangster. Watching through a secret camera, Vivek is impressed by his performances and reaches the court. Vivek's arrival brings all the truths to light, and Suryanaryana is ashamed by Lucky's actions, where he decides to fight for the couple himself. 

Jhansi decides to join Suryanarayana after seeing his drive for justice. At home, they work on the case, splitting the house into halves which they title themselves as "Commercial" (Lucky) and "Non-Commercial" (Suryanaryana and Jhansi). Lucky uses various tricks to hamper Suryanaryana and Jhansi, slanders the couple's names, claiming that he had actually gone to Dubai and had affairs, and nearly gets Suryanaryana disbarred. Meanwhile, Lucky keeps getting gifts from Vivek. Lucky's search for the disappeared husband, ends to no avail and Vivek plans to kill him by putting him in a pillar and casting concrete inside. Lucky also meets a mysterious woman also named Amulya, who is Vivek's wife. Ultimately, Lucky gets a seat as an MLA in Vivek's political party. 

As Vivek prepares to be sworn, the news breaks about the body of a cab driver that Vivek had murdered earlier being found at his farmhouse. It is revealed that Amulya is actually Saira Banu, the cab driver's wife. In retaliation, Vivek kidnaps Suryanarayana and asks Lucky to cover his bail. However, Lucky instead saves Suryanarayana from Vivek's goons and reveals that he had planned everything all along to seek vengeance on Vivek, ever since he saw Suryanarayana's sufferings as a child following his resignation, and had enlisted Saira Banu to seduce and distract Vivek. Vivek attempts to appeal, but his lawyer deserts him after revealing that Lucky used his gifts and conversations to collect his evidence and biometric traits. Finally, Vivek becomes insane and requests the court to provide him a death penalty.

The Nightingale (2018 movie)

The Nightingale is a 2018 Australian psychological thriller/drama movie. It is written, directed and co-produced by Jennifer Kent. It stars Aisling Franciosi, Sam Claflin and Baykali Ganambarr. It was filmed mostly in English, but Irish and Palawa kani are also spoken in some parts of the movie.

Set in the penal colony of Van Diemen's Land (present-day Tasmania, Australia) in 1825, "The Nightingale" follows a young Irish convict, Clare Carroll. With the help of an Aboriginal tracker named Billy, Clare looks to take revenge for the terrible acts carried out against her and her family by British Army officers.

The movie was given positive reviews for its performances, atmosphere, cinematography, screenplay, scope and acknowledgement of racial violence in Australia. However, there was some controversy due to its scenes that include violence and rape.

Paul B. Johnson Jr.

Paul Burney Johnson Jr. (January 23, 1916 – October 14, 1985) was an American lawyer and Democratic politician from Mississippi. He was Governor of Mississippi from 1964 to 1968. He was a son of former Mississippi Governor Paul B. Johnson Sr.

Harry Potter and the Cursed Child (movie)

Harry Potter and the Cursed Child is an upcoming film based on the play of the same name. It will be directed by Chris Colombus and is in development with Warner Bros. and will release sometime in 2023.


Heropanti

Heropanti () is an 2014 Indian Hindi-language romantic action film. It was directed by Sabbir Khan and produced by Sajid Nadiadwala. It stars Tiger Shroff and Kriti Sanon in their Hindi film debuts, alongside Prakash Raj in a supporting role. It is the remake of the Telugu film "Parugu". The film received mixed reviews, who appreciated performances of ensemble cast, action sequences performed by Shroff, and cinematography, but criticized the screenplay, pace, and narration. It was released on May 23, 2014.

Suraj Singh Chaudhary is a very strict patriarch of the Jat family from Haryana and is a well-respected leader in his village and brothers. When Renu, Chaudhary's elder daughter, elopes with her boyfriend, Rakesh, on the night of her marriage, Chaudhary decides to find them at any cost. His brothers and henchmen round up Rakesh's friends, including one Bablu, and hold them captive till they tell of the couple's whereabouts. They say to him that they do not know anything, but no one believes them. Meanwhile, Bablu tells his friends that he is in love with a girl of that town, whom he does not know, and he only has her dropped earring as a clue. The friends manage to escape one day, but Bablu gets a glimpse of the girl and stops in his tracks, and the boys are caught because of him.

Meanwhile, Chaudhary's younger daughter and Renu's sister, Dimpy, find Renu's love letters and tries to get rid of them, but the letters unintentionally end up in the hands of Bablu and his friends. Bablu uses them as leverage and gets Dimpy to help him find the girl he loves in exchange for Renu's location. That night, Bablu escapes and enters the house during a blackout, then ends up drunk. Dimpy finds Bablu, and he gives her the earring he discovered that belongs to the girl he fell in love with. She realizes that the girl Bablu saw was none other than Dimpy, but she stays silent.

When Chaudhary's men almost succeed in locating Renu and Rakesh, Bablu helps them escape and board a bus without detection. When his friends confront him about his deceit, Bablu defends himself, which Dimpy overhears. She inadvertently reveals this to her uncle, who demands that she identify who helped Rakesh and Renu elope. They figure out that it was Bablu and he realises that the girl he loves is none other than Dimpy. He tells Chaudhary that Rakesh-Renu are in Delhi when they threaten to kill his friends.

Bablu and his friends and Dimpy accompany Chaudhary and his men to Delhi to find the couple. At this juncture, Dimpy is kidnapped by some local goons, who attempt to rape her. Bablu manages to locate her in time and beats up the goons, winning Chaudhary's trust. In the morning, while Dimpy confesses her love to Bablu, Chaudhary spots Renu and Rakesh and chases after them, with Bablu and Chaudhary's men following close behind. They manage to catch up to them, but when Renu talks back to her father, Chaudhary is heartbroken. When Renu and Rakesh are about to be killed as punishment, Renu confesses that she is pregnant. Chaudhary decides to spare their lives, but at a cost – openly claiming that Renu is no more to him.

The group returns home, and Chaudhary arranges Dimpy's marriage with Rajjo. Bablu realizes that he misses Dimpy too much. He and his friends return for the wedding to get Dimpy to elope with Bablu. However, Chaudhary is frightened when Bablu returns after finding out about Dimpy and Bablu's love. He keeps a close eye on Bablu and Dimpy. When Chaudhary confronts Bablu, Bablu tells him that he understands how Chaudhary felt when Renu ran away from home and promised him that he would not elope with Dimpy.

When Bablu and his friends are about to leave, Rajjo arrives & beats up Bablu, but Bablu fights back and defeats him when Rajjo insults Bablu and Dimpy. They are, however, stopped at the last moment by Chaudhary. He realizes that Dimpy will only be happy if she is with Bablu and lets Bablu and Dimpy reunite. Chaudhary and the other Jat community people agree to permit inter-caste and love marriages, and Chaudhary accepts Renu back as his daughter.


Paul B. Johnson Sr.

Paul Burney Johnson Sr. (March 23, 1880 – December 26, 1943) was an American lawyer, judge, and politician. He was a United States Representative from Mississippi, 1919–1923, and Governor of Mississippi, 1940–1943. His son, Paul B. Johnson Jr., later became the Governor of Mississippi. He was a Democrat.

Yuppie

Yuppie (derived from "young upwardly-mobile professional" or "young urban professional") is a type of skilled worker. The word was coined in the early 1980s, originally in the United States, to denote a young white-collar professional working in a city.

Yuppies are generally professionals between 20 to 40 years old, usually from an intermediate living standard between the middle and upper class.

The word first appeared in a May 1980 "Chicago" magazine article by Dan Rottenberg.

Rütschenhausen

Rütschenhausen in Lower Franconia is a village in the commune Wasserlosen.

Werneck

Werneck is a market town in Schweinfurt in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.

Werneck is in Lower Franconia in Bavaria, about 12 km from Schweinfurt and 25 km from Würzburg. It is on a curve in the Wern, a tributary of the Main, on the edge of the plateau above the river. Its highest point is at 337.20 m of elevation, its lowest at 212.50 m. The total area of the municipality is 73.65 km², of which about 9 km² are wooded.

Werneck has the following districts: 


Wipfeld

Wipfeld is a municipality in Schweinfurt in Bavaria, Germany.

Wipfeld is twinned with:


Aholfing

Aholfing is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Belle Chasse, Louisiana

Belle Chasse is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Boothville, Louisiana

Boothville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Plaquemines Parish, Louisiana, United States.

New Flyer Xcelsior

The New Flyer Xcelsior is a line of transit buses. It is made in three sizesː 35' rigid, 40' rigid, and a 60' articulated bus. New Flyer Industries started making the bus in 2008. The buses have different motors: conventional diesel, compressed natural gas (CNG), diesel-electric hybrid, hydrogen fuel cell, overhead electric wire and battery electric. 

For example, a New Flyer XE40 NG is a 40' (nominal) rigid Next Generation Xcelsior with battery-electric power, or an XN60 is a 60' articulated Original Generation Xcelsior with CNG power.

Charadrahyla

Charadrahyla is a group of frogs in the family Hylidae. They live in southern Mexico. The name of this genus comes from the Greek word "charadra" ("ravine") and "Hyla". Accordingly, common name ravine treefrogs has been coined for the genus.

Scientists made this genus in 2005 after looking closely at all the frogs in Hylidae. The frogs in "Charadrahyla" are those that used to be in the "Hyla taeniopus" group as defined by in 1970. The genus was originally made using molecular markers and no morphological synapomorphies, meaning that scientists only used the frogs' genes to tell whether they should be in this group. They did not use what the frogs looked like or how their bodies worked. The closet related group to "Charadrahyla" is the genus "Megastomatohyla".

Five of the frogs in this genus were in the genus "Hyla" before 2005. Since then, scientists discovered two species of frogs for the first time, and placed them in "Charadrahyla" too. Another two were moved into "Charadrahyla" from "Exerodonta" in 2018 after scientists studied their DNA.

The frogs in "Charadrahyla" are large for frogs. They lay eggs in streams in cloud forests and humid pine-oak forests of central and southern Mexico. Most of the male frogs in this genus are long from nose to rear end and females . But the former "Exerodonta" species, "Charadrahyla juanitae" and "Charadrahyla pinorum", are much smaller, with males and females . Most species have a brownish skin on their backs with large spots (exception is "Charadrahyla altipotens").

As of 2019, there were ten species in this genus:

2020–21 NFL playoffs

The 2020–21 NFL playoffs was the playoff tournament for the 2020 season. It began on January 9, 2021 and ended with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers becoming champions by defeating the Kansas City Chiefs in Super Bowl LV on February 7 at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida.

FC Tirol Innsbruck

FC Tirol Innsbruck was an Austrian association football club from Innsbruck, Tyrol. They played between 1993 and 2002.
It the second split-off of FC Wacker Innsbruck. They played with their Bundesliga license. 1994 the president was arrestet and the club was saved by tyrolian politics. 

The club won under the name "FC Innsbruck Tirol" the Austrian football championship in 2000, 2001 and 2002. 2002 the club went bankrupt. The license went back to Wacker Innsbruck.


David Stenmarck

David Axel Stenmarck is a Swedish musician, songwriter and producer and CEO of Swedish based royalty-free soundtrack providing company Epidemic Sound.

David started his career as a singer before started writing and producing. He has written songs for acts such as "Westlife", "A-Teens", "Jeff Timmons", "Martin Kesici", "Martin Stenmarck", German popidol winner "Alexander" etc.

The Bing Crosby Show (1964 TV series)

The Bing Crosby Show is an American sitcom series that aired on ABC. It ran for 28 episodes between 14 September 1964 and 19 April 1965. It starred Bing Crosby as the title character, Beverly Garland, Carol Faylen, Diane Sherry, Frank McHugh.

Alblasserwaard

The Alblasserwaard is a region in the province of South Holland, the Netherlands.

It is a rural area, surrounded by the Lek river in the north, the Noord river in the west, the Beneden-Merwede and Boven-Merwede rivers in the south, and the Zederik and Linge rivers in the east.

The Alblasserwaard encompasses the municipalities of Alblasserdam, Gorinchem (except a small part in the east) , Hardinxveld-Giessendam, Molenlanden (except a tiny part in the southeast), Papendrecht, and Sliedrecht. A small part of the municipality of Vijfheerenlanden belongs also to the Alblasserwaard.

The well-known windmills of Kinderdijk can be found in the northwest corner.



12 Rules for Life

12 Rules for Life: An Antidote to Chaos is a 2018 self-help book by Canadian clinical psychologist and psychology professor Jordan Peterson. The book has sold over five million copies worldwide, and was at the top of bestseller lists in Canada, the United States, and the United Kingdom.

Peterson went on a world tour after the book was released, and got a lot of attention for an interview in the UK on "Channel 4 News". Many critics liked the book's unusual style and the advice it gives, but some have criticized his writing style.

Dacope Upazila

Dacope () is an upazila of Khulna District in the Division of Khulna, Bangladesh.

Greeneville, Tennessee

Greeneville is a town in and the county seat of Greene County, Tennessee, United States. The population as of the 2020 census was 15,479. The town was named in honor of Revolutionary War hero Nathanael Greene and it is the second oldest town in Tennessee. It is the only town with this spelling in the United States, although there are numerous U.S. towns named "Greenville". The town was the capital of the short-lived State of Franklin in the 18th-century history of East Tennessee. 

Greeneville is part of the Johnson City-Kingsport- Bristol TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – most often known as the "Tri-Cities" region.

FC Swarovski Tirol

FC Swarovski Tirol was an Austrian association football club from 1986 to 1992. They came from Innsbruck, Tyrol, Austria.

The club was founded by Swarovski. It was a split-off of FC Wacker Innsbruck. They got the license it adopted and the greatest part of the team. Under Felix Latzke they reached the semifinals of the UEFA Cup 1986/97. Under manager Ernst Happel it won the Austrian football champions of 1989 and 1990 and 1990 also the Cup. In 1992 the club was dissolved and the license came back to FC Wacker.


Okatyali Constituency

Okatyali Constituency, also know as Okatjali is a constituency in Oshana Region of northern Namibia. It had 2,815 residents in 2004 and 2,051 registered voters . The capital of the constituency is Okatyali.

Okatyali constituency is dominated by the South West Africa People's Organization party. The first councillor for this constituency was Paulus Kapia, who served until 1998. 

In the 2015 local and regional elections, SWAPO candidate won and became councillor after no opposition party nominated a candidate. In 2020, the SWAPO candidate Josįf Mupetami obtained 992 votes and won the election, followed by Aveli Nambili of the Independent Patriots for Change with 80 votes, and Silvanus Nakale of the Popular Democratic Movement with 33 votes.

PSD

PSD may refer to

Pseudis cardosoi

Pseudis cardosoi is a frog that lives in Brazil.

The adult male frog is 33 to 46 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female is 45 to 56 mm long. It has vomerine teeth in its jaw. It has strong front legs. None of its feet are webbed. It is dark green or brown in color with darker marks. It can have a narrow green or black strope down each side of its body. Its eardrum is brown or greenish brown. It can have dark lines across its hind legs.

This frog eats many different kinds of animals with bones on the outside. It can even eat plants.

The frog is named after Adão José Cardoso, a man who studied Brazil's frogs and toads.

Aiterhofen

Aiterhofen is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

It is about 5 km southeast of Straubing in the Gäuboden.

Ascha

Ascha is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Atting

Atting is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Bogen, Germany

Bogen () is a town in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. Bogen is between the southern slopes of the Bavarian Forest and the River Danube. The town is at the foot of the Bogenberg, a hill on the Danube.


Falkenfels

Falkenfels is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. The English meaning of the name is "Falcon Cliff".

Feldkirchen, Lower Bavaria

Feldkirchen is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Geiselhöring

Geiselhöring is a town in Straubing-Bogen, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 14 km southwest of Straubing, and 30 km southeast of Regensburg.


Haibach, Lower Bavaria

Haibach is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Haselbach, Bavaria

Haselbach is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Haselbach is in the southern borders of the Bavarian Forest, about 11 kilometres (6,8 miles) north of the river Danube. The municipality has the village of Haselbach as well as 49 other named districts. 

Hunderdorf

Hunderdorf is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Irlbach

Irlbach is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the Danube River.

Kirchroth

Kirchroth is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the Danube River. By the local government reform of May 1978, villages Kößnach, Oberzeitldorn, Obermiethnach, Pillnach, Pondorf, Niederachdorf, as well as Aufroth and Neuroth were incorporated.

Konzell

Konzell is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Konzell is in the south of the Bavarian Forest. Here is the spring of the Menach, which flows in the valley of Menach direction the Bogen.

The "Gallner Berg" to the south, the western peak of the Gallner, and the Kramerschopf to the east are the highest points, each reaching 710 metres. To the north is the Himmelberg at 680 metres.

To Konzell belong the urban districts Auggenbach, Denkzell, Gossersdorf and Kasparzell.

Laberweinting

Laberweinting is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

The Große Laaber and the Kleine Laber, the Bayerbach and the Grafentraubach flow through the Laberweinting.

The municipality Laberweinting has 31 villages

Leiblfing

Leiblfing is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Loitzendorf

Loitzendorf is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Aman Andom

Aman Mikael Andom (1924-1974) was an Eritrean general who was made Chairman of the Derg, and was Head of State of Ethiopia from 15 September until 17 November, 1974. 

Mallersdorf-Pfaffenberg

Mallersdorf-Pfaffenberg () is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Mallersdorf-Pfaffenberg is in the middle of Bavaria in the south of Germany. The medieval cities Regensburg and Landshut are within a 30 km radius and even the major cities Munich (München) and Nürnberg are just about 100 km away.


Mariaposching

Mariaposching is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is a member of the municipal association Schwarzach.

It is on the river Danube.

Mitterfels

Mitterfels is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is the head of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Mitterfels.

Mitterfels is in the region between the Danube and the Bavarian Forest.

Neukirchen, Lower Bavaria

Neukirchen is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Donau-Wald region in the Bavarian Forest.

Neukirchen has 65 districts:

Niederwinkling

Niederwinkling is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is a member of the municipal association Schwarzach.

Oberschneiding

Oberschneiding is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

It is in the south of the "Gäuboden", a very high-producing area famous for its agriculture.

Today's municipality of Oberschneiding has 31 villages previously organized in five different municipalities (Grossenpinning, Niederschneiding, Oberschneiding, Reissing and Wolferkofen). The biggest town and seat of the municipality is Oberschneiding.

Parkstetten

Parkstetten is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Perasdorf

Perasdorf is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is a member of the municipal association Schwarzach.

Perkam

Perkam is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Rain, Lower Bavaria

Rain is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Rattenberg, Bavaria

Rattenberg is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Rattiszell

Rattiszell is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Salching

Salching is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

 

Sankt Englmar

Sankt Englmar ("English": Saint Englmar) is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Schwarzach, Lower Bavaria

Schwarzach is a market town and municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany. It is the seat of the municipal association Schwarzach. 

Catbug

Catbug is a main character on the animated American YouTube series "Bravest Warriors" created by Pendleton Ward. He is voiced by 8-year-old Sam Lavagnino, and depicted as a part cat, part ladybug creature, and has the ability to teleport through various dimensions. The character was created by "Bravest Warriors" writer/director Breehn Burns, and designed by illustrator/Cartoonist Bob Flynn. Burns has said that the character was inspired by an incident in his neighborhood when he heard a dog barking, followed by a sudden teleportation-like sound then silence, and then the sudden sound again with the return of the animal’s barks.

The character has received largely positive critical reception.

Catbug lives in the Invisible Hideout and sleeps in Wallow’s bed. Catbug is well-intentioned, but generally unhelpful during the Bravest Warriors’ adventures, though it is debatable how much he understands about the situations they find themselves in. Catbug enjoys soft tacos and sugar peas. Often childlike and seemingly carefree, the Bravest Warriors treat him much like a child and don’t hold him accountable for his actions. In “Jelly Kid Forever” Catbug decapitates Jelly Kid, but isn’t punished for it. He demonstrates pride that he “caught him for Danny” rather than concern or guilt for having apparently killed something.
We discover Catbug’s origins in “The Dimension Garden,” set 10 years before the present day, when Beth finds a baby larva in her dad’s garden. Wallow soon grows attached to the creature and falls asleep with the larva in his arms, only to wake up stuck the outside of a massive cocoon that has filled his room. Catbug emerges from the cocoon fully formed with superlative cute non sequiturs for which this character is known. In “Hamster Priest”, new sides of Catbug’s personality are presented through Catbugs from alternate dimensions, in which he takes on the persona of “Commander Catbug” and “Lord Catbug”.

Catbug is a blue-furred cat with the shell and wings of a Ladybug. He appears to run and pounce like a cat, but often stands and walks on two feet. He is capable of flight, and some strength as shown in “Aeon Worm” when he carries Beth and her dad away from the Aeon Worm and out of the See-Through Zone.

Catbug spends a lot of time with one of Wallow’s other pets, Impossibear, who seems to be the only one not at all fazed by Catbug’s adorably clueless nature. In “Catbug’s Away Team”, Chris asks Catbug, not Impossibear, to pull together an away team to handle things on the surface of the planet while the Bravest Warriors handle things in space. Rather than do his given job, Catbug ends up distracted, focusing instead on all the wrong things, like picking the right flavor of ice cream for one of the aliens (Super Chinese Peanut Butter). In the end, Catbug does not complete his mission, and Chris and Wallow question why they trusted him in the first place. This episode is wonderful display of Catbug’s childlike place on the team, and his limited attention-span. 
Catbug also hangs around with the Bravest Warriors during their downtime, and can be seen in many episodes just playing in the background as the Bravest Warriors talk.

Catbug debuted in the first Bravest Warriors mobile video game, Fly Catbug Fly, on Thursday April 10, 2014. The game was developed by Ludoko Studios for Frederator Studios / Cartoon Hangover, and released on iOS and Android devices. The game is an endless flier in the 8-bit style, inspired by classic games such as Helicopter and Katamari Damacy. In the 48-hours after its release, the game was the #1 in the Action and Arcade categories in iTunes, and in the top 10 Games overall; and #1 new game in the Google Play Store for the first week of its launch.
On April 11, TouchArcade named Fly Catbug Fly its game of the week, and wrote “What could have easily been a thrown together advergame to promote an internet cartoon is in actuality my new favorite cave flyer, even rivaling what I consider the pinnacle of the genre in Jetpack Joyride, though they're different enough from each other to happily coexist. If you're already a Bravest Warrior fan definitely give Fly Catbug Fly! a try, but even if you're never heard of the show before you really have to give it a whirl if you enjoy cave flyers.” 

Catbug is the star of a series of e-books published by Frederator Books.

Catbug made his debut in the Bravest Warriors Comics, published by BOOM! Studios. He recently appeared in their “Bravest Warriors 2014 Annual”, the issue features four separate stories, each focused entirely on Catbug.

Catbug has appeared in the following episodes of the Bravest Warriors Series:

Catbug received positive reviews from fans.

List of NFL quarterbacks with 5,000 passing yards in a season

Passing for 5,000 yards in a single regular season is a rare thing in the National Football League (NFL). Nine quarterbacks have done it. Drew Brees has the most seasons with 5,000 passing yards at 5. 

Kamaru Usman

Kamaru Usman, nicknamed "The Nigerian Nightmare" (born May 11, 1987 in Auchi, Nigeria), is a Nigerian-American professional mixed martial artist, former freestyle wrestler. Who currently competes in the Welterweight division of the Ultimate Fighting Championship. He is the current UFC Welterweight Champion. Usman was also The Ultimate Fighter 21 tournament winner.


Stallwang

Stallwang is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Steinach, Bavaria

Steinach is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Straßkirchen

Straßkirchen is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria in Germany.

Wiesenfelden

Wiesenfelden is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Windberg

Windberg is a municipality in Straubing-Bogen in Bavaria, Germany.

Bad Neualbenreuth

Bad Neualbenreuth (before September 2019: "Neualbenreuth") is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Bärnau

Bärnau is a town in Tirschenreuth, Bavaria, Germany. It is near the border with the Czech Republic, 25 km northeast of Weiden in der Oberpfalz, and 26 km southwest of Mariánské Lázně.

Kryszina Kicka

Kristina Kicka (born Kryszina Mikhailenko 26 March 1992 in Minsk) is a Belarusian volleyball player.

She competed in the 2013–14 Women's CEV Cup, winning the gold medal with her team, Fenerbahçe S.K. 

Brand, Bavaria

Brand is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Ebnath

Ebnath is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Erbendorf

Erbendorf () is a town in the Upper Palatinate in Germany.

The following villages are incorporated into the town:
Aschenhof, Birkenreuth, Boxdorf, Eppenhof, Frodersreuth, Glashütte, Gössenreuth, Gramlhof, Grötschenreuth, Hauxdorf, Inglashof, Napfberg, Neuenreuth, Pfaben, Plärn, Schadenreuth, Siegritz, Steinbach, Straßenschacht, Thann, Wäldern, Wetzldorf, and Wildenreuth.


Tatsiana Markevich

Tatsiana Markevitch (born 25 March 1988) is a Belarusian female volleyball player, playing as a right side hitter. She was part of the Belarus women's national volleyball team.

She competed at the 2013 Women's European Volleyball Championship. 


Falkenberg, Upper Palatinate

Falkenberg () is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Friedenfels

Friedenfels is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Fuchsmühl

Fuchsmühl is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Immenreuth

Immenreuth is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Kastl, Tirschenreuth

Kastl is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Kemnath

Kemnath () is a small town in Tirschenreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is near the Fichtelgebirge, 24 km southeast of Bayreuth. The town's motto is "das Tor zur Oberpfalz," which translates into English as "The Door to the Upper Palatinate."


Second French Empire

The time from about 1852 to 1870 is known as Second Empire in French history. Napoléon III was the emperor. First he had an authoritarian style of ruling, but there was a lot of opposition. Like with many other countries, industrialization (and the industrial revolution) started during his reign. France also became one of the most powerful counties in Europe. It collapsed during the Franco-Prussian War in 1870-1871 during the Unification of Germany by Otto von Bismarck to create the German Empire in 1871 .

Khiladi

Khiladi () is an 2022 Indian Telugu-language action crime movie. It is written and directed by Ramesh Varma who co-produced it with Satyanarayana Koneru under A Studios. It stars Ravi Teja alongside Arjun Sarja, Unni Mukundan, Meenakshi Chaudhary, and Dimple Hayathi. It was scheduled to be released on 28 May 2021. But it has been indefinitely postponed due to the COVID-19 pandemic in India. Soundtrack and score of the film is composed by Devi Sri Prasad. The movie was finally released on 11 February 2022 in theaters.

John Henry (representative)

John Henry (November 1, 1800 – April 28, 1882) was a U.S. Representative from Illinois. Born near Stanford, Kentucky, Henry attended the public schools. He served as a private in Captain Arnett's company of Illinois volunteers in the Black Hawk War. He served as a member of the State House of Representatives 1832–1840.

Greater Danbury

Greater Danbury, also known as the Housatonic Valley Region, is a region in the state of Connecticut centered on the city of Danbury. It consists of the city of Danbury and adjacent towns in the areas around the Housatonic River and the Still River.
It consists on the towns of Bethel, Bridgewater, Brookfield, New Fairfield, New Milford, Newtown, Ridgefield, Roxbury, and Sherman for a total of 9 municipalities.

Konnersreuth

Konnersreuth is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

It is in the northeast foothills of the Steinwald mountains between the Fichtelgebirge mountains and the Upper Palatinate Forest, close to the Czech border.

Krummennaab

Krummennaab is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Kulmain

Kulmain is a municipality in Tirschenreuth north of Kemnath in Bavaria in Germany.

Leonberg, Bavaria

Leonberg is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Mähring

Mähring is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Neusorg

Neusorg is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany. The town itself is the seat of Neusorg municipal federation.

Neusorg has nine districts: Neusorg, Riglasreuth, Schwarzenreuth, Stockau, Stöcken, Wäsch, Weihermühle, and Wernersreuth.

Qatar–Saudi Arabia diplomatic conflict

Diplomatic relations between Qatar and Saudi Arabia have been strained from 2014 onwards, with its peak being the Qatar diplomatic crisis of 2017.

During the first half of the 19 century, the Qatari peninsula was claimed alternatively by the House of Thani, House of Saud and House of Khalifa. On September 12, 1868, a declaration of Arab maritime peace, drafted by Sir Lewis Pelly was re-signed and re-affirmed. For the first time, Mohammed bin Thani, leader of the Guttur tribes, was asked to sign too, a move widely seen as the first international recognition of the sovereignty of Qatar.

<mapframe text="Qatar (Blue) and Parties severing diplomatic relations with Qatar during Qatar diplomatic crisis (red). "Click on the countries highlighted in red for more information"" width="300" height="161" zoom="2" longitude="27.861328" latitude="13.83808" align="right">
</mapframe>
In 1968, the British Government announced its plans to withdraw troops from "East of Suez" , leaving behind the seven Trucial Sheikhdoms, Bahrain and Qatar. After these plans were announced by the British Prime Minister Harold Wilson on 16 January 1968, attempts were made for the creation of a federation of Arab Emirates. In a summit with the Sheikhs of Qatar, Bahrain, and the seven Trucial Sheikhdoms, the declaration of union for a federation with nine rulers, proposed by the Qatari government, was approved. After multiple disputes, Qatar declared its independence on September 1, 1971, and became the second independent Gulf Sheikhdom, after Bahrain. Shortly after, on September 5, 1971, the United States recognized Qatar as an Independent State, beginning diplomatic relations on March 19, 1972.

In a move supported financially, politically and militarily by Saudi Arabia, Khalifa bin Hamad Al Thani deposed Ahmad bin Ali on February 22, 1972. The new leadership could rely on continued support from Saudi Arabia, as the House of Thani (the ruling family of Qatar) had been supported by the House of Saud (the ruling family of Saudi Arabia) since the beginning of Wahhabism.

In the 1995 Qatari "coup d'état", Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani seized power from his father, Khalifa bin Hamad Al Thani, and transformed Qatar into a rival of Saudi Arabia. Under Hamad bin Khalifa Al Thani's rule, Al Jazeera was founded, a Qatari government-funded international Arabic-language news channel.

In preparation of the 2003 invasion of Iraq, Qatar opened the Al Udeid Air Base in 2002, hosting United States Air Force personnel. As Saudi Arabia objected against having the base on their land, this move is seen as pivotal in turning Qatar into a strategic partner of the United states and a rival of Saudi Arabia.

Diplomatic relations were cut for five years between 2002 and 2008 after Saudi Arabia removed their ambassador from Qatar. In the midst of the Arab Spring, Qatar's pro-Arab Spring policies resulted in resistance from other member states of the Gulf Cooperation Council. In March 2014, Saudi Arabia, Bahrain and United Arab Emirates removed their ambassadors from Qatar - a move not seen before in the history of the GCC. In November 2014 the ambassadors returned to Doha, Qatar.

The started in June 2017 when Saudi Arabia, along with Egypt, the United Arab Emirates and Bahrain severed diplomatic relations and blocked all entries to Qatar via air, sea or land. Saudi Arabia's severing of diplomatic ties was based upon the accusation that Qatar supported the Muslim Brotherhood in Egypt, and that the Al Jazeera news coverage interfered with internal affairs, undermining authority. 

Saudi Arabia led the coalition against Qatar and issued an ultimatum with a list of 13 demands for Qatar. Qatar dismissed the demands, but through Kuwait as mediator dialogue was opened.

Diplomatic relations were restored in Januray 2021, after a blockage of more than three years, resolving the Gulf crisis. The conflict was mediated though joint efforts by Kuwait and the United States through drafting of a resolution. On 16 January 2021, Saudi Arabia announced it would open their embassy in Doha within days.


Pechbrunn

Pechbrunn is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Iran–Saudi Arabia proxy conflict

The Iran–Saudi Arabia proxy conflict, also named the New Middle Eastern Cold War, refers to the struggle between its two main actors - Iran and Saudi Arabia. They are not confronting each other militarily, however, as the contest for political influence in the region mainly plays out in other Middle Eastern states. The rivalry is primarily a political and economic struggle exacerbated by the history between the two countries.

Beginning with the rule of King Saud in 1932, Saudi Arabia has claimed to be the Muslim representative involving the Sunni Wahhabi ideology, initiated by the state, and being the guard of the holy cities of Mecca and Medina. Iran, on the other hand, has been affiliated with Shia Islam and declared to be the protector of Islam during the 1979 Iranian Revolution, when Khomeini seized power of the country; this marked the beginning of the proxy conflict as it undermined Saudi Arabia's image as leader of the Muslim World. Another important event in 1979 was the , where extremist insurgents protested against westernization of the monarchy and called for the overthrow of the house of Saud. Though the state captured them, the monarchy took over their demands for stricter Islamization policies to re-establish its Islamic legitimacy. Before 1979, Iran and Saudi Arabia managed cordial ties. However, these relations were not without tensions.

The Arab Spring of 2011 was a wave of uprisings that caused political instability. These uprisings were mainly concerned with economic, political, and social issues.

Iran's main strategic allies are the Syrian government led by Assad and the Lebanese militant group Hezbollah. Syria's main incentive for their relations with Iran was to find a new counterforce to its main enemies, Israel and Iraq. The relationship between Hezbollah and Iran can be explained in political and religious terms, as Hezbollah shares Iran's Shiite Islamist ideology, and in financial terms as Iran has played a role in funding Hezbollah's military wing. Additionally, Yemen's Houthis have an alleged relationship with Iran.

The Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) comprised Saudi Arabia as a de facto leader, Qatar, Oman, Bahrain, Kuwait, and the United Arab Emirates, has been described as an important ally to Saudi Arabia in this conflict. Concerns over Iran's expansionary goals following the 1979 revolution are said to be the main drivers for the creation of the GCC in 1981 as a regional political, economic, and security alliance. It is important to note that there are numerous political and ideological differences among the GCC's members, and their positions towards Iran are not identical. Especially Qatar and Oman have pursued a strategy of maintaining positive relations, emphasizing independent trade and commercial links to Iran.

Although nations such as the United States, Israel and Turkey play an important role in the Middle East, they have not played a decisive role in this conflict. This is because they are concerned with the regional balance of power. Still, their interests are not as directly tied up with every detail of the competition between Iran and Saudi Arabia. However, all three nations tend to lean more towards Saudi Arabia.

Several Middle Eastern states have been battlegrounds for the geopolitical and geo-sectarian friction between Saudi Arabia and Iran with destabilizing effects.

The first proxy war was set in Iraq, involving Saddam Hussein invasion of Iran in response to the 1979 Revolution and its commitment to exporting its ideology to other countries. This resulted in the eight-year eighth-year-long Iran-Iraq war, in which Saudi Arabia backed Ir, ref, When Iraqi troops invaded Saudi Arabia's ally Kuwait in 1990, however, Saudi got directly involved in the offensive against Iraq with the help of the United States. In 2003 the Americans led an invasion toppling the Iraqi government, creating a power vacuum in the region. Because Iran was concerned that they might be the next target of the Americans, it supported Shiite militias in their fight against American forces. Saudi Arabia remained more passive during the invasion, likely to avoid any complications in its relations with the United States. As the American troops withdrew from Iraq in 2011 and with the rise of Islamic State in 2014, Iran's influence in the country grew. More recently, Iran has played a role in suppressing the Iraqi Kurdish call for independence, whereas Saudi Arabia are said to support the Kurds.

The Syrian civil war began as a part of the Arab uprisings in 2011, when civilians protested against the government for greater freedom and openness, to which the regime responded with great violence. While Iran and Hezbollah back the Assad regime through the provision of weaponry, military technology, and financial support, Saudi Arabia and other GCC states support the various resistance groups that actively oppose the regime.

The Yemeni Civil War began in 2014, when the Houthis aligned with Iran and took control of the capital, Sana, in an attempt to take over the country. The government was sent into exile in Saudi Arabia, which formed a coalition with the UAE against the Houthis. They heavily bombarded the nation, causing many civilian deaths. In addition, the coalition-backdrops Yemeni opposition groups. Iran, which had a relationship with the Houthis before 2014, expanded their military aid to support the Houthi movement.

Saudi Arabia and Iran have spent decades trying to expand their influence in Bahrain. The estimate percentage of Shia in the Bahraini population is between 60% and 70%, which concerns the neighboring Sunni countries because they fear a Shiite revolution against the government incited by Iran. Bahrain's Sunni ruling al-Khalifa family and the Sunni dynasties in the region have also accused Iran for provoking the Bahraini anti-government Uprising during the Arab Spring in February 2011. The protesters were non-sectarian and wanted greater political representation. The uprising was shut down after the Bahraini government requested help from neighboring countries. Saudi-Arabia deployed more than one thousand troops with armored support in an attempt to prevent Iranian involvement in the country but also to put a stop to democratic aspirations from spreading into the Gulf region.

For years, Iran's and Saudi Arabia's nuclear ambitions have gained much international attention. According to the Nuclear Threat Initiative, "Although Saudi Arabia does not possess weapons of mass destruction, Saudi officials have hinted at the desirability of possessing nuclear weapons to counter the nuclear ambitions of rival regional Iran." In 2015, Iran concluded an agreement restricting its nuclear program in exchange for sanction relief. Saudi Arabia felt threatened by this deal, fearing that the easing of sanctions would allow Iran to further support Shia groups in the Middle East. In 2018, the U.S. withdrew from the deal.

Plößberg

Plößberg is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Pullenreuth

Pullenreuth is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Kurdistan Workers' Party

The Kurdistan Workers' Party (PKK) is a Kurdish militant organization and armed guerrilla movement currently operating in Turkey founded by Abdullah Öcalan in the 1970s. Since 1984 there have been many clashes between them and the Turkish government. They once sought for an independent socialist state, now they want more autonomy and democratic confederalism. They are recognised as a terrorist organisation by Turkey, United States, and the European Union.

The organization can be traced back to 1972-1973 when a group of revolutionary students got together led by Abdullah Öcalan. After the military coup of 1971, many leftists groups went underground to avoid repression by the generals in the name of restoring law and order. It was established as a party in 1978 and it held its foundation congress in November of the same year. In 1980 there was another coup which resulted in the ruling of Turkish Armed Forces for three years. In 1983 a law passed to prohibit the use of the Kurdish language, and the Turkish forces committed several human rights abuses.
In 1984 a guerrilla war between the PKK and the Turkish state started, although attacks from both sides had been performed before. It was met with a violent military reaction, and repeated clashes caused many losses and massive migrations. The following years resulted in continuous fighting and tension, leading up to the capture and imprisonment of leader Öcalan in 1999 and their admitted military defeat. This led to internal divisions in the party. 
Since the divisions, several ceasefires have been declared and peace talks have been held. However, the conflict has not ended and recently there has been a renewed rise in violence. 

The PKK started as an ideologically leftist nationalist movement which applied Marxism-Leninism thought of class struggle and national liberation to the Kurdish national context. Through their first years (1978-1986) their goal was achieving independence from Turkey, Iran, Iraq, and Syria. They also wanted to seize state power through armed revolution to establish a Kurdish socialist state.
Their ideology went through changes from 1985 until 1995. This was a period in which Öcalan made various criticisms of socialist organizations at the time, questioning the focus on state led socialism and calling for a merging of socialist ideals with democratic and pluralist ones.During this time their ideal of creating an independent state shifted and a political solution without separatism was proposed.

These changes further developed after 1999 after Öcalan was imprisoned and started reading Murray Bookchin. Since then, the PKK has shifted to an ideology of democratic confederalism with a strong focus on radical direct democracy, feminism and environmentalism. This has also led to a change in their demands as they no longer believe in the nation-state and therefore seek autonomy and the slow disappearance of borders rather than an independent state.

The party has used several guerrilla tactics since its existence, taking inspiration from Che Guevara’s Guerrilla Warfare. One of these was the strategic use of mountains they were familiar with, but Turkish armed forces were not. To escape from Turkish persecution, members of the PKK have also strategically crossed borders to Syria, Iraq or Iran. In the 1990s, they started using bomb attacks and shifted to positional warfare.
Along with its ideological change since the 1990s the PKK also experienced strategic transformations. They entered the field of law, electoral politics and media. Additionally, after Öcalan's arrest the PKK argued that they went into defense mode militarily without giving up their armed struggle, and put focus into constructing a civil society and electoral politics. 
Because of their use of guerrilla tactics and positional warfare, the PKK is registered as a terrorist organisation by Turkey, the European Union, NATO, and most Western governments. Yet, this definition has been contested by other countries, the PKK itself and other institutions.

Reuth bei Erbendorf

Reuth bei Erbendorf is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Tirschenreuth

Tirschenreuth (Northern Bavarian: "Dirschnrad", "Diascharad") is the capital city of the district of Tirschenreuth. It is in the northeast of Bavaria, close to the Czech-Bavarian border.

Tirschenreuth is in the north of Upper Palatinate administrative region, about 75 miles north of Regensburg and 35 miles east of Bayreuth.

The following villages were incorporated in Tirschenreuth

Tirschenreuth is twinned with:

Waldershof

Waldershof is a town in Tirschenreuth, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 22 km northwest of Tirschenreuth, and 3 km southwest of Marktredwitz.

The 60 square kilometer City of Waldershof is bounded on the North by the City of Marktredwitz. The boundary line between the two cities is also the border for the counties of Tirschenreuth and Wunsiedel as well as the regional zones of the Upper Palatinate and Upper Franconia.

Zeitler, Walther. (Ed.). (1988). Heimatbuch der Stadt Waldershof. Amberg, Bavaria, Germany: Vereinigte Oberpfaelzische Druckereien und Verlagsanstalt Gmbh, Translated by: Walter Swett

Wiesau

Wiesau is a municipality in Tirschenreuth in Bavaria, Germany.

Altenmarkt an der Alz

Altenmarkt an der Alz is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Bergen, Upper Bavaria

Bergen is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Chieming

Chieming is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

The name "Chieming", "Chiemsee" and the name of the area "Chiemgau" go back to the Old High German personal name "Chiemo" (7th/8th century). At the end of the 8th century the name "Chiemgau" appeared for the first time in documents as "Chimigaoe" but it stood at that time for a smaller area around the village of Chieming.

In Chieming there are


Engelsberg

Engelsberg is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria in Germany.

Fridolfing

Fridolfing is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Grabenstätt

Grabenstätt is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Grassau, Bavaria

Grassau is a market town in Traunstein in Bavaria in Germany. It is south of lake Chiemsee in the valley of the Tiroler Ache.

Grassau has the following districts of:

Colonial Heights, Tennessee

Colonial Heights is a census-designated place (CDP) in Sullivan County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 3,055 at the 2020 census. 

It is part of the Kingsport–Bristol (TN)–Bristol (VA) Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.

Piney Flats, Tennessee

Piney Flats is an unincorporated community in Sullivan County in the U.S. state of Tennessee.

It is part of the Kingsport–Bristol (TN)–Bristol (VA) Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.

Northeast State Community College (Tennessee)

Northeast State Community College is a public community college based in Blountville, Tennessee. It offers technical education in Blountville, Elizabethton, Gray, Johnson City, and Kingsport. The school has more than 6,000 students.
Northeast State offers associate degrees in more than 130 programs of study. They can be transferred to some four-year colleges and universities. Northeast State also offers academic and technical certificates in more than a twelve areas of study.


Kingsport-Bristol-Bristol, TN-VA MSA

The Kingsport–Bristol–Bristol, Tennessee-Virginia Metropolitan Statistical Area is a Metropolitan Statistical Area (MSA) in Northeast Tennessee and Southwest Virginia.

As of a 2009 estimation, the area had a population of 305,629.




Uperodon taprobanicus

The Sri Lankan bullfrog, Sri Lankan Kaloula, Indian painted frog, Ceylon Kaloula, Sri Lankan painted frog, common bullfrog, or painted globular frog ("Uperodon taprobanicus") is a frog that lives in India, Nepal, Sri Lanka, and Bangladesh.

The adult male frog can be as large as 7.5 cm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is larger. The skin on their backs is gray or black with a mark between the eyes. On the sides, they can be red or orange with an orange mark from the eye to the front leg. Their bellies are yellow with brown or black spots. The adult male frog's throat turns black during mating season.

This frog digs holes in the ground calls burrows, but it can climb trees too. It can live in rice paddies and other places where humans have changed the forest into something else.

After a large rain, the male frogs swim in ponds. They sing for the females while they swim. The female frogs lay eggs that float on the water. The tadpoles are black in color.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. It eats many kinds of insects and also termites.

On Rameshwaran Island near India, scientists have seen this frog live in the same burrows as "Poecilotheria hanumavilasumica " tarantula spiders. However, they are not sure whether the spiders use the frogs to protect their eggs or whether the frogs live in the burrows without harming or helping the spiders. Scientists have seen this species of tarantula eating this species of frog.

This frog can die from the chemicals that human beings put in the environment. These are chemicals that humans use on purpose to kill pests, make crops grow, and also pollution.

No More Movement

The No More Movement is a global movement of Ethiopians advocating the stop of foreign interference inside of Ethiopia. The motto of the group is "Hands of Ethiopia." The movement has no central authority but has organization supporting and organizing rallies for the movement throughout countries as the United States, and Europe. 

The No More movement had protests as notable places as the White House, the Canadian Parliament, and other high foreign government officials' offices. 

Protests in America and specifically in Washington D.C were organized by the Peace and Unity for Ethiopian Association Washington Task Force. The protests occurred in The Washington D.C. metropolitan area, which boasts the largest population of Ethiopians in the United States. Some local experts estimate there are as many as 250,000 Ethiopian Americans here, including both immigrants and US-born descendants. Now, as fighting in Ethiopia intensifies, protesters both for and against the country's government are taking to the streets of Washington. The protests in Washington D.C and the rest of America emphasized that the U.S should have "Hands Off Ethiopia." The protest in Washington by Ethiopians had a message that the designated terrorist TPLF group should be denounced by foreign governments and not be helped in any shape or way. 

Ethiopian people living in Canda had also demonstrated in the northmost region of North America. They participated in protesting on the grounds of Manitoba's legislative grounds on Sunday carrying Ethiopian flags and signs that said "No More." The protests also carried out to protest outside the U.S consulate in Calgary, Canada. Protests also carried out through Toronto and other parts of the country.

The movement was supported by the Ethiopian government and allowed huge contributors to the movement to be greeted and welcomed by officials at Bole International Airport.

Rheohyla miotympanum

The small-eared hyla, small-eared tree frog ("Rheohyla miotympanum") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 1000 and 2282 meters above sea level.

O. Panneerselvam

Ottakarathevar Panneerselvam, popularly known as OPS (born 14 January 1951) is an Indian politician who was the 6th Chief Minister of Tamil Nadu from 2016 to 2017 and previously 2001 to 2002 and 2014 to 2015.

Paranomus

Paranomus is a genus of 18 species of flowering plants, commonly known as "sceptres". They are in the protea family. It is endemic to the Cape Floristic Region of South Africa.

Queen of Fist

Queen of fist () is a 1972 Hong Kong action drama movie directed by Lung Chien and starring Hsien Chin-Chu as Kung Fu Mama, Zhang Qingqing as Ma Ai-Chen, Jimmy Wang Yu as Ma Yung-Chen, Kang Kai, Tzu Lan, Wong Fei-lung as the gang leader.

An elderly mother travels to Shanghai to look for her missing children. She discovers that the boss Lin Hie killed his son and is holding his daughter captive.

So, she wants to kill the gang leader.

Unicoi, Tennessee

Unicoi is a town in Unicoi County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 3,632 at the 2010 census and 3,833 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Johnson City Metropolitan Statistical Area. 

It is a component of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region.

Saguinus bicolor

The pied tamarin ("Saguinus bicolor") is a critically endangered monkey species found in a small area of the Brazilian Amazon Rainforest. It was named the mascot of Manaus, Brazil in 2005.

It is a New World monkey. It is found at the city limits of Manaus, the capital of the Amazonas state of Brazil and up to 35 km to the north and 100 km to the east. The main distribution is between two rivers: Rio Cuieiras and Rio Preto da Eva. Pied tamarins are also found between Rio Preto da Eva and Rio Urubu, but are more rare there. There appears to be interspecific competition between the pied tamarin and the red-handed tamarin. The red-handed tamarin is expanding its range by taking over parts of the pied tamarin's range. There are therefore multiple threats to the long-term survival of the pied tamarin that stem from habitat destruction and from interspecific competition.

The pied tamarin is found in old-growth forests, sand forest and smaller secondary forest fragments. Their density is higher in secondary forest fragments than in primary forest.

Pastel de nata

Pastel de nata is a Portuguese egg custard tart pastry made with cinnamon. Not only popular in Portugal, they are also popular in other parts of Western Europe, Asia and in former Portuguese colonies such as Brazil, Mozambique, Macau and East Timor.

"Pastéis de nata" were created by Catholic monks at the Hieronymites Monastery in Saint Mary of Bethlehem, in Lisbon. During that time, convents and monasteries used egg-whites for starching clothes being part of their religious habits. They also used the leftover egg yolks to make cakes and sweet pastries.

After the Liberal Revolution of 1820 in Portugal, people abandoned religion and closed down many convents and monasteries, the monks started selling "pastéis de nata" to bring in income. In 1834, the monastery was closed and the recipes sold to the sugar refinery owners. In 1837, the super refinery owners opened the Fábrica de Pastéis de Belém and made pastries.

Since the opening of Fábrica de Pastéis de Belém, the original recipe of the pastel de nata is kept as a secret. The recipe is unchanged to this day and is known by very few people. The Fábrica de Pastéis de Belém, remains the most popular place to buy pastéis de nata around Lisbon. The shop is located near the Jerónimos Monastery. 

In 2009 "The Guardian" listed "pastéis de Belém" as one of the 50 "best things to eat" in the world and has over 50,000 reviews and ratings on Tripadvisor for its iconic pastéis de nata.

In 2011, following the result of a public vote, the pastry was announced as one of Portugal's Seven Wonders of Gastronomy, it is one of the country's most popular national dishes.




Charadrahyla taeniopus

The porthole tree frog ("Charadrahyla taeniopus") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in cloud forests 1100 to 2200 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 68.8 to 75.1 mm from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 69.4 to 75.3 mm long. They have disks on their toes for climbing and all four feet are webbed. This frog has a brown belly with large brown marks and small yellow marks. This frog has a white or silver throat. The adult female frogs are red-brown with brown marks on their backs. The adult male frogs are black-brown with yellow marks on their backs. This frog looks very much like "Ecnomiohyla miotympanum" but it is larger and "Ecnomiohyla miotympanum" is smaller.

Adult frogs eat insects. The tadpoles eat algae and dead things.

This frog is vulnerable to dying out because human beings change the places where it likes to live by building farms. This frog needs the shade from forests or it will dry out and die. The chemicals that human beings use to kill pests, for example DDT, can also kill this frog too. The DDT can go into the frog's body through its skin. Or the frog can eat other animals with DDT in their bodies.

Human beings also catch this frogs to eat or sell.

This frog lives in a town called Atzalan in Veracruz and it is on the town's official shield symbol. It is on many of Atzalan's monuments. People have eaten this frog for food for hundreds of years, since the Aztec culture or earlier. People cook them in soup or make cakes called Calate cakes.

Human beings who live in Atzalan believe the frogs come on the same day of the year, September 29, that San Andrés Apóstol and the Archangel Michael were venerated.

People also catch these frogs to use in medicines or sell as pets.

Theodore G. Bilbo

Theodore Gilmore Bilbo (October 13, 1877 – August 21, 1947) was an American politician who first served as Lieutenant Governor of Mississippi (1912–1916), then served 2 terms as Governor of Mississippi (1916–1920, 1928–1932), then served as a US Senator (1935–1947). A lifelong Democrat, he was a filibusterer whose name was synonymous with racism and white supremacy. Like many Southern Democrats during his era, he defended segregation.

He died on August 21, 1947 in New Orleans, Louisiana. He was 69 years old.

The Princess Switch: Romancing the Star

The Princess Switch: Romancing the Star is a 2021 Christmas romantic crime comedy film. It stars Remy Hii, Vanessa Hudgens, and Sam Palladio. It is the sequel to . It was released on November 18, 2021.

When a priceless Christmas relic is stolen, royal look-alikes Margaret and Stacy turn to audacious doppelgänger Fiona -- and her dashing ex -- for help.

Felix Reda

Felix Reda (born 30 November 1986) is a German researcher and politician who was a Member of the European Parliament. He was part of the Greens-European Free Alliance and previously a member of the Pirate Party in Germany.

In 2019 Reda became a fellow at the Shuttleworth Foundation and an affiliate at the Berkman Klein Center for Internet & Society at Harvard University.

On 26 January 2022, Reda came out as a transgender man.

Kyle Trask

Kyle Jacob Trask (born March 6, 1998) is an American football player for the Tampa Bay Buccaneers of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the quarterback position. He played college football at the University of Florida. He was selected by the Buccaneers in the second round of the 2021 NFL Draft.

2021 NFL Draft

The 2021 NFL Draft was the 86th National Football League Draft, the yearly meeting of National Football League (NFL) teams to select players for the 2021 NFL season. The draft was held in Cleveland from April 29 to May 1, 2021.

Trevor Lawrence

William Trevor Lawrence (born October 6, 1999) is an American football player for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the quarterback position. He was selected first in the 2021 NFL draft. In his first year of college, he won the 2019 National Championship Game at Clemson University.

Mac Jones

Michael McCorkle "Mac" Jones (born September 5, 1998) is an American football player for the Jacksonville Jaguars of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the quarterback position. In his third year of college, he won the 2021 College Football Playoff National Championship at Alabama. He was selected fifteenth in the 2021 NFL Draft.

Lists of National Football League team seasons

This is a list of the active National Football League teams all time win, loss, tie, and winning percentage records. The teams are listed by year each became active. Updated through Super Bowl LIII.

Penei Sewell

Penei Sewell (born October 9, 2000) is an American football player for the Detroit Lions of the National Football League (NFL). He plays the offensive tackle position. He played college football for the Oregon Ducks. Sewell did not play in his third year in 2020 due to the COVID-19 pandemic and entered for the 2021 NFL Draft, where he was selected seventh by the Lions.

Amon-Ra St. Brown

Amon-Ra Julian Heru J. St. Brown is a wide receiver for the Detroit Lions. He played college football at USC and was selected by the Lions in the fourth round of the 2021 NFL Draft.

2020 NFL season

The 2020 NFL season was the 101st season of the National Football League (NFL). The season ended with Tampa Bay defeating Kansas City in Super Bowl LV at Raymond James Stadium in Tampa, Florida, on February 7, 2021.

Ondangwa

Ondangwa, formerly Ondangua is a town in the Oshana Region of northern Namibia, bordering the Oshikoto Region. Ondangwa was first settled by the Finnish Missionary Society in 1890, which is Lutheran.

Ondangwa is located about from the Angolan border, with 23,000 people currently living there. Most of the residents of the town speak the language of Oshindonga.

Ondangwa is the district capital of the Ondangwa Urban electoral constituency.

Mike Marriott

Mike Marriott (born 1949 in Essex) is a British singer-songwriter, folk-musician and street-artist. Marriott travels all over Europe. He mainly lives now in Belgium and Austria. As a street artist, he plays the guitar and different harps, carrying a bass drum with a Hi-hat on his bag and different percussion instrument on his feet. In his earlier years he published at least three LPs.


Ondangwa Urban

Ondangwa Urban is a constituency in the Oshana Region of northern Namibia. 23,233 people lived there in 2016 and 17,967 registered voters . The constituency office is in Ondangwa.

Ondangwa is dominated by the South West Africa People's Organization party. These people havebeen councillors of Ondangwa Urban constituency:


The 2015 regional elections was won by Elia Irimari of SWAPO with 1,518 votes, ahead of Vincent Asser of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance with 232 votes and Anna Nikanor of the Rally for Democracy and Progress with 117 votes. The SWAPO candicate also won the 2020 regional election. Leonard Negonga won with 2,921 votes over Olavi Negonga of the Independent Patriots for Change with 2,434 votes. Independent candidate Angelina Immanuel came third with 525 votes.


List of Austrian women's football champions

The Austrian women's football champions are the winners of the highest league of women's football in Austria.
ÖDF:ÖDFU-Liga

WFV:Damenliga Ost – 1. Leistungsstufe
ÖFB: Frauen-Bundesliga 

Inzell

Inzell is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Inzell is in a wide valley floor in the Chiemgau Alps, enclosed by the mountains of Rauschberg, Zinnkopf, Teisenberg and the range of Staufen. In the municipality, the convergence of the Großwaldbach and Falkenseebach rivers forms the Rote Traun river. Inzell is also known as the gateway to Berchtesgaden National Park due to the "Zwing", a mountain passage between Inzell and Weißbach, which separates the Chiemgau from Berchtesgaden.


Kienberg, Bavaria

Kienberg is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

AeroAndina MXP-150 Kimbaya

The AeroAndina MXP-150 Kimbaya is a Colombian light aircraft was designed and produced by AeroAndina.

This aircraft is no longer in the making.


Gay man

A gay man is a homosexual man. This means a man who is sexually attracted to other men, and not to women.

Gay men were involved in the early gay liberation (a movement of homosexuals who want to be treated equally to heterosexuals) movement. Gay liberation is the political and social movements that promote LGBT equality and rights. However, there was conflict between homosexuals and transgender people in the gay right's movement. In the 1970s some homosexual activists wanted the transgender people out of the gay's rights movement. They wanted gay liberation to be accepted by society. They believed transgender people were less accepted by society and might hurt the gay movement.

Many gay couples want to have children of their own. In order to raise children, they sometimes adopt. However some places do not allow homosexual couples to adopt children, so many of them want to be able to adopt children.

Some gay couples also have their own biological children. To do this they may use surrogates. This is when sperm from one father is placed in a female surrogate to make a pregnancy. Some gay men do this with a friend they choose to be the donor. However many may use professional surrogate agencies. These are medical businesses that match couples who need surrogates with women who will carry the child until birth.

Unlike lesbian sex between females, gay sex is against the law in many places. Some religions that say nothing about gay female sex but condemn gay sex between men. Abrahamic religions usually see all homosexual relations as immoral.

In most parts of the world gay couples cannot marry. This means they do not have the legal benefits and protection of marriage. This can cause gay men, and lesbians, many problems.


Ulugʻbek Qodirov

Ulugʻbek Qodirov (sometimes spelled Ulugʻbek Kadirov in English), () (born August 3, 1983) is an actor from Uzbekistan. 

Qodirov was born on August 3, 1983, in Tashkent. He graduated from the Art Institute of Uzbekistan. In 2005 he received the "Best Young Actor of the Year" award in Uzbekistan. Ulugʻbek Qodirov got famous in 2009 after starring in the Uzbek drama movie "Shabbona".

Today he lives and works in the USA. One of the movies that made him popular was the 2016 movie Baron. This movie was recognized as the movie that made new history in Uzbek cinema. In addition, the movie "Traitor", dedicated to the events in Andijan in 2005, brought a great reputation to him.



Below is a chronologically ordered list of films in which Ulugbek Qodirov has appeared.


1860 civil conflict in Mount Lebanon and Damascus

The 1860 civil conflict in Mount Lebanon and Damascus (also called the 1860 Syrian Civil War) was a civil conflict in Mount Lebanon during Ottoman rule in 1860–1861 fought mainly between the local Druze and Christians. 

The violence was at the beginning of the conflict targeted at the Maronites, but other Christian groups were targeted as well, such as members of the Greek orthodox church in Damascus. Many Christian villages were destroyed in this war, along with their churches and monasteries. People were forced to abandon their homes and villages and became refugees. Also many people were killed.

There has been tensions and periods of conflict between the Druzes and Maronites in Mount Lebanon, even before the civil war in 1860 started. 

The region in Mount Lebanon was divided in a Christian division and a Druze division with each their own governor. This all happened under Ottoman rule. The friction started to grow between the two groups, partly because of the involvement of outside powers. The British supported the Druzes and the French supported the Christians, while the Ottomans wanted to maintain its power all the way.

The motivation for the Maronite peasant uprising was driven by economic factors and had a class-related struggle for equality.

The publication of caused a reaction among Maronite peasants in Keserwan. It highlighted the social inequality and their low status: along with the daily abuse they endured they got inspired to demand for a stop on their feudal duties. Tanyus Shahin, a Maronite peasant leader, demanded that the feudal class would abolish its privileges. The feudal class refused. This started a revolutionary wave of Lebanese peasants preparing for an armed struggle against the Druzes. As a reaction, Druzes started to arm themselves too. This revolutionary wave eventually started to look like a civil war and ended in a massacre of the Maronite people.

It is not exactly clear who the civil war started, and when it started. The Christians claimed that the Ottomans and/or the Druzes started it, whereas the Druzes claim that the Christians started it. The date of the beginning of the war is being debated. Some say that the 27 of May 1860 was the beginning, others say that it's the 29 of May. It is likely that the war started with murder and revanche killings in between families, where eventually local communities got involved. Along with the killings’, harvested crops pf Druzes were being raided by Maronites, villages were being plundered and afterwards burned down, causing many people having to flee their homes.

After only one month of violent confrontations between the two, the attacks became more and more violent, killing more and more people. The killings were mostly done at random which made them more frightening. People were already fleeing the region before the war due to the tensions running high, but after the killing of 165 people in Jezzine along with more than 1000 killings in the nearby region, many more people fled the region immediately. While they were on the run for the violence, they met violence: many people were attacked by Druzes in their attempt to flee. At the end of June 1860, there were an estimated 80,000 people on the run for the violence in Mount Lebanon, many of them went to Damascus.
The war started to spread from Mount Lebanon and Damascus got involved. Many people who lived in Damascus were not directly involved in the war at first, but the tensions rose in the city because of the many Christian refugees that had fled to Damascus.

Christians who already lived in Damascus tried to help the Christian refugees, even some Muslims offered help to the refugees. When the Druze booked more and more victories in the war, the violence against Christians in Damascus increased. In the second and third week of July 1860, the Damascus massacre happened. The Christians in Damascus were attacked by violent groups of Druzes, they were looting, and destroying homes and places of worship. The Christian part of Damascus was completely destroyed after the massacre (as to be seen in the picture on this page). 

The aftermath of this extreme outburst of violence was a city covered in a heavy atmosphere of devastation. The city and its inhabitants remained uptight. A letter published in July 1869 in the "Daily News" stated that over 7,000 to 8,000 people were killed in the Damascus massacre which also caused an enormous number of people being widowed or orphaned. Other sources even claim that an estimated 20,000 Christians were killed by the Druze in the war. 

France wanted to put an end to the violence that was occurring and decided to send 6,000-7,000 troops to Syria. Napoleon Bonaparte had the perfect opportunity to gain Syria as a territory, while also claiming to save the Christians from the violence that they had to endure.

The Ottomans did not want France to intervene because they were afraid that it would enlarge French power in the Ottoman region. As a reaction to the coming of French troops they send to Damascus, with the intention to end the conflict before the French had arrived. Pasha ordered a mass execution of more than one hundred Druzes, in the hopes of restoring order in the region, while also pleasing Bonaparte by firmly punishing the Muslims and no Christians. 

Eventually the French troops arrived in August 1860, but there were agreements made between several countries (England, Russia, France, Austria, Prussia, and Turkey) to limit the powers and the stay of the French troops, along with their own troops. There were around 12,000 foreign troops in Syria in an effort to stop the conflict. When this agreement came to an end, Bonaparte tried to extend the stay of his troops, but got threatened by England and Austria with war. In July 1861 the French troops left and Bonaparte’s plan to gain Syria as a territory failed. 

Battle of Chaldiran

The Battle of Chaldiran (23 August 1514) was fought between the Ottoman Empire of Selim I and the Safavids in the area of Chaldiran in the eastern Anatolian plateau. The Ottomans won and sp the Ottomans took eastern Anatolia and northern Iraq from the Safavids. The loss of Anatolia was a turning point for Safavid history. One feature of the battle was that the Ottomans used guns and cannons to defeat the cavalry corps. However, the Ottomans led more than twice as many troops as the Safavids, and it said that the difference in troop strength made the difference between victory and defeat. The defeat of the Safavids in the battle destroyed the myth of Islam I's supremacy and had historical significance by switching of the Kurds from belonging the Safavids to belonging to the Ottomans. Kurdish sheikhs, who had initially accepted Safavid suzerainty, recognized that the power of the Safavid dynasty had begun to wane since Ismail's defeat at Chaldiran and began to assert their independence. Then, Selim I won the loyalty of the Ottomans by providing financial and military support to the Kurdish sheikhs.

At the beginning of the 16th century, the Muslim world was dominated by three major empires. The Ottoman Empire had conquered Constantinople and controlled the Balkans and Anatolia. The Safavid Empire had conquered a large territory under Ismail I and expanded its power in Iran by using Turkic cavalrymen known as the Qizilbash. The Mamluk Sultanate ruled the regions of Egypt, The Levant and Hejaz.

A severe threat to the Ottoman Empire was the Safavid dynasty. After the Battle of Chaldiran, the Ottomans would turn their attention to conquering the holy Islamic cities of Mecca and Medina from the Mamluk Sultanate. The Safavids would recover from this defeat and become one of the three major empires of the Islamic world with the Ottoman Empire and the Mughal Empire, the latter of which controlled South Asia.

The Safavid dynasty was founded in March 1501 by Ismail I, a 15-year-old descendant of the Safavid family from Azerbaijan, Iran. The Safavids were hostile to the Ottoman Empire, which was Sunni, as their state religion was Shi'a. Furthermore, the Safavids became a threat to the Ottoman Empire because of the growing support among the Turkic nomads of eastern Anatolia.

Ismail aimed to create a Shia society, and forced conversions took place. There was a massacre of Sunnis who rebelled against the policy in the Tabriz. In addition, Ismail expanded his control by annexing Azerbaijan and large parts of Iran, Baghdad, Khorasan, and Diyarbakr.

When Sultan Selim ascended to the Ottoman throne in 1512, relations between the Ottoman Empire and the Safavid dynasty changed radically. Selim I gained the position of sultan after a power struggle with his brothers. He eliminated his brothers, who were rivals for the throne, one after the other, and one of them fled to Ismail I of the Safavid dynasty. Furthermore, Selim ruled Trabzon for nearly 25 years from 1487 and was based in Trabzon to fight the Safavid invasion. That experience also contributed to Selim's conviction that the Safavid threat was the biggest problem for the Ottoman Empire. In 1514, he launched a campaign against the Safavids against Shah Ismail to conquer eastern Anatolia, including Erzurum and Erzincan.

The Ottoman army was dominated by elite and included an additional 200 cannons, 100 field guns and 8 000 camels. In contrast, the Safavid cavalry was less than half of the Ottoman army. In that battle, the Safavid cavalry of Qizilbash attacked in a mass assault, and the Ottoman Army then responded with artillery fire. Ismail I had been proposed to surprise the Ottomans before they had finished their positions, but he scoffed at that proposal and decided to wait for the enemy's positions and to attack in a straightforward manner. The battle opened with a wave of attacks by Safavid cavalry, and in the first half of the cavalry battle, the Safavids held the upper hand. However, in the second half of the battle, the battle tilted in favor of the Ottomans, who had superior firepower by mobilizing not only rifles but also artillery. In the end, the Safavid army fell to the firepower of the Ottomans, fled westward and left Tabriz in their hands.
Selim I was unable to capitalize on thw victory. Despite chasing the Iranians to Tabriz, he allowed Ismail to escape. Furthermore, Selim's original plan was to spend the winter in Tabriz and to fight the Safavids again in the spring. However, the soldiers were so exhausted from the previous battles that he could not get their approval. Therefore, he had to retreat and return to Istanbul.

However, the Ottomans' victories can be said to have extended their power. After annexing eastern Anatolia and northern Mesopotamia, they controlled the Central Asian trade route between Tabriz and Bursa. The following year, the empire annexed the Mamluk dynasty of Syria and Egypt and brought the Holy Land of the Hejaz under its control.

During the siege of Tabriz, the Ottoman army brought many merchants and ceramic artisans back to its own country. The artisans belonged to a pottery factory in Istanbul and were responsible for decorating the tiles on most of the buildings thaï erre constructed by the Ottoman Empire by the 1550s. That is said to have contributed significantly to the development of Iznik pottery.

The Safavids lost Eastern Anatolia to the Ottomans, which had been an important source of troops from the Ottoman army. Thousands of Qizilbash tribesmen were also killed. Although Ismail I himself was wounded and managed to escape after terrible hardships, he lost his prestige in Iran after he had been believed to be invincible. He lost confidence in himself and never led his troops into battle again. Tribal leaders were given authority, and the struggle for control over them became the central political issue of the Safavid dynasty and changed the balance of power within the coalition. A power struggle ensued, which lasted until the reign of his son and successor, Tahmasp I.

Arab Maghreb Union

The Arab Maghreb Union (UMA) is a trade agreement aiming for economic and future political unity among Arab countries of the Maghreb in North Africa. It was signed by Algeria, Libya, Mauritania, Morocco and Tunisia in February 1989.

Al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades

The al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades ) is an armed Palestinian group in the West Bank, formed in 2000. Several countries (Israel, EU, US, Canada, New Zealand, and Japan) class the group as a terrorist organisation.

Originated in the West Bank, al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades take their name from the al-Aqsa Mosque, situated in the Muslim holy site of Jerusalem, the Noble Sanctuary, also claimed by Jews as the Temple Mount.

After the Oslo Accords with Israel in 1993, the Fatah organization came to be the main authority of Palestine and incorporated the Palestinian Authority. Based in the West Bank and in Gaza Strip, Fatah and its president, Yasser Arafat, decided to switch their armed militias into official security forces. Among the various armed wings, a group of young Fatah members formed the al-Aqsa Martyrs’ Brigades in the 2000, during the Second Intifada. 

The corruption and inaction of the Fatah and PA coalition created the opportunity for the Brigades to regain the confidence of the Palestinian population. 

Palestinians, indeed, shifted their support towards a more radical and violent type of action because of the difficult living conditions and the lack of trust towards the diplomatic process. Indeed, right after the al-Aqsa intifada in 2000, less than the 17% of the population was hopeful for the end of the diplomatic process and the cruelty. 

Although, the Brigades did not seek a separation from the Fatah movement, their political violence was threatening the position of Arafat. His popularity decreased, indeed, from 70% in autumn 2001 to 57% at the end of the same year. 

Arafat's involvement with the Brigades is controversial: while al-Aqsa Brigades stated their affiliation to him and the Fatah movement, the Brigades also claimed a relative independence. As a member of the AMB stated in an interview:“Fatah frames us, but nevertheless a certain independence exists concerning the decisions to take.”Nonetheless, it is known that Arafat during the negotiations used to encourage attacks as a leverage on the Western countries. The BBC discovered in 2003 that the PA was consistently supporting al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades with numbers such as 50,000 US dollars monthly to the group.

In 2001, the al-Aqsa cofounder, Yasser Badawi, was assassinated; consequently, the Brigades took revenge for his death by attacking Israeli civilians. A series of violent attacks started until Arafat’s death in November 2004. From the moment of Arafat's death, al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades furtherly detached from the movement and supported Mahmoud Abbas at the presidential elections of the Palestinian Authority. But when he displayed his intentions of limiting the power of the paramilitaries and armed wings, he lost the support of the Brigades. As a consequence, the group divided: some joined the Palestinian Authority, while only some cells have been recorded as still active around 2017.

Most of the military attacks attributed to the AMB in their early years were attacks on Israeli settlers in the West Bank, although the group shifted to targets inside of Israeli borders since 2002. Targeting both Israelis and Palestinians that collaborate with the Israeli security forces. Nonetheless, there have also been attacks on individuals that belonged to the Fatah movement in the West Bank, due to clashes between them.

Despite the fact they are not dependent on any other superior Palestinian entity, they have cooperated with different Palestinian military groups. Within the Gaza Strip, they have carried out attacks with the help of the Islamic fundamentalist group Hamas, as well as the Palestinian Islamic Jihad movement. In the case of the West Bank, they have collaborated with Hezbollah, the Lebanese Shia movement.

During the Second Intifada, the al-Aqsa Martyrs' Brigades have killed over 70 people, claiming responsibility for some of the conflict's most significant attacks.

All-Palestine Government

The All-Palestine Government was established on 22 September 1948, during the 1948 Arab–Israeli War, to govern the Egyptian-controlled territory in Gaza.

Young Turks

Young Turks was a political reform movement within the Ottoman Empire in the early 20th century. It favored the replacement of the Ottoman Empire's absolute monarchy with a constitutional government. They led a rebellion against the absolute rule of Sultan Abdul Hamid II in the 1908 Young Turk Revolution. They also committed the Armenian Genocide. 

Young Turk Revolution

The Young Turk Revolution (July 1908) was a constitutionalist revolution in the Ottoman Empire. It was carried out by the Young Turks in the Committee for Unity and Progress.

Paris Peace Conference (1919–1920)

The Paris Peace Conference was the formal meeting in 1919 and 1920 of the victorious Allies after the end of World War I to set the peace terms for the defeated Central Powers.

1960 Turkish coup d'état

The 1960 Turkish Coup d'état was the first ever attack on the Turkish democracy, which took place on May 27th 1960. The coup which took place at a time of political and economic unrest, was led by a group of young Turkish military officers who were acting outside the interest of the government. The coup was led by the military officer Colonel Alparslan Türkes who was a member of the junta (National Unity Committee) and had been one of the first officers trained by the US in 1948 to from a stay-behind counter-guerrilla. The coup was carried out against the ruling Democratic Party led by Prime Minister Adnan Menderes. Eventually, on May 27th the military overcame the government and the prime minister and president were tried for reason and ultimately resulted in the execution of Menderes.

Kemal Mustafa, better known as Ataturk, was president of Turkey from the founding of his political party that ruled under a single party system, the Republican People's Party (RPP), in 1923 until his death in 1938. Still, after Ataturk’s death, the RPP kept its hold over the government. The RPP continued in power but did not actually fulfill its promises, therefore Turkish people became discontent with Ataturk’s authoritarian regime and were ready to embrace political change. In that context the elections of 1950 played a key role in Turkey's democracy. The political tide changed when the Democratic Party (DP) took the lead not only in the elections but also in popular acceptance. This popular acceptance towards the DP came from their representation including rural citizens in comparison to the elite that governed through the RPP's government. The 1950 elections were also the first free elections that had been held in Turkey, and thus it would bring a democratically chosen government into power after years of Ataturk's and the RPP's regime in office. The DP won the elections, placing Adnan Menderes as Prime Minister.

The actors who were involved in the coup d’etat in opposition to the Democratic Party, including young and senior officials and civilian educated elite.

The coup formally start on May 27, 1960 with the plan to take control of the government after people grew discontent with the Democratic Party at their repressive tactics, bad management of the economy and suppression to any opposition parties. In summary, the DP was becoming its predecessor by exerting an authoritarian rule claiming to be a new type of democracy that will safeguard national security. Not only were civilians angry towards the government but many officers who served in the military grew grievances against the government after their pay decreased and their roll diminished, making the military's importance sink when the military has been seen as an organized and well-managed institution within the country.

Some of the discontent came after 1954 and the government's response to the economic situation, inflation was raising and there was an economic deficit. Instead of responding to the economic crisis the DP faced this situation with repression. For that reason their popularity started declining, which could be seen in the 1957 elections. As the DP witnessed their popularity dwindle, they began oppressing the opposition, mainly the RPP who had once again become their most influential opponent.

All of these factors created tensions among various social groups which only fed into the plan to overthrow the DP from power and regain control themselves. Such plan was mainly organized by officials who goal was to save Turkey's democracy that had been threatened by the DP, hence their strategy was to hold free elections and meanwhile the military would be the one in charge until the elections could be held. The military successfully organized themselves as the National Unity Committee, led by General Cemal Gürsel, and overthrew the DP. This transition was carried out smoothly because there was no real opposition against the interim military regime from the population thanks to the anger harvested towards the government and the respect that people had towards the military.

The aims of the coup was to remove the politicians and people in power so the system would stop being corrupt. What they wanted to do was reform the political structure, based on Kemalism, that was being threatened by the DP. The goal was to overtake control of the government to hold elections.

Menderes was arrested and charged for violating the constitution. Following the arrest, Menderes and other leaders of the DP were put on trial (formally known as the Yassiada Trials) by a military court on the island of Yassiada (Democracy and Freedom Island) and the politicians were charged with high treason, misuse of public funds and abrogation of the constitution. Eventnually, following the trials Menderes was sentenced to death. Despite the pleas of forgiveness by many individuals and world leaders such as John F. Kennedy and Queen Elizabeth II, Menderes was executed by the junta at the gallows on the island of Imrali on the 17th September 1961.

The 1960 coup d'état also took place at a time of sociopolitical turmoil and economic hardship, in particular US aid from the Truman Doctrine and Marshall Plan was running out. Therefore, at the time of this domestic unrest Menderes was planning a trip to Moscow in the hopes of getting alternative credit. Many researches have concluded that the 1960 military coup was determined by Turkey's economic and political dependence on the United States and therefore the relations between these two states saw a considerable shift.

The main objective of the coup was to restore the democracy that had been threatened by the DP. Such objectives were achieved not only by the coup but also by the creation of new democratic tools. On 9th July 1961, a constitutional referendum was held and a new constitution was drawn up to replace the one from 1924. It was approved by 61.7% of voters, with a turnout of 81%. The military in charge saw fit to create a new constitution to tackle issues that gave way to the coup, which are power abuse and oppression of opposition. This constitution passed through a constituency assembly and then a popular referendum, after its approval the elections were scheduled on October 25th, 1961.

The elections took place in a timely manner. As the election's results were announced the National Unity committee stepped down as the results now appointed the Republican People's Party to be in office, with 36.7% of the votes. The elections also saw new parties being introduced such as the Justice Party, Republican National Peasants Party, and the New Turkey Party.

1980 Turkish coup d'état

1980 Turkish coup d’état is the third coup in the history of Republic of Turkey led by Kenan Evren, which overthrew the 1980 government of Turkey. Before the 1980 coup d'état, there were two other coups carried out in 1960 and 1971. The coup d’état of 1971 and 1980 took place due to similar motivations as they aimed to fix the country’s economic and political problems. The political problems specifically included political instability caused by the violence between left- and right-wing political groups. However, the political violence between left- and right-wing political groups was only lightened after the coup of 1980. Both of the economic and political issues that motivated the coup were believed to be caused mostly by Ecevit's regime. 

In addition to the internal economic and political issues in Turkey between 1970-1980, there were also external actors like U.S. who were believed to intervene in the 1980's coup's process. 

On 12th September 1980, the coup was carried out. As the consequence of the coup, martial law was declared and Kenan Evren became the new president of Republic of Turkey. 

In the aftermath of the coup, large scales of human rights violations were carried out. These violations were later on discussed within the international arena.

The political problems that motivated the coup was due to the political instability in Turkey between the period of 1970-1980. The political instability was shaped by the violence between left- and right-wing political groups and therefore the coup aimed to ease the violence between these groups. The army's stance, which carried out the coup, towards this political violence was more in support of the reduction of the left wing ideology and groups. There were two reasons regarding why the army was in support of right wing groups more, compared to their support for left-wing groups. The first reason was due to the unpopularity of communist ideology among the Turkish army. The army that carried out the coup was characterized by nationalist ideology. Therefore, communism was seen as a factor endangering this national unity, and thus the notion of nationalism, in Turkey. As a result, the political instability in Turkey became one of the motivations of the army to carry out the coup of 1980. The second reason why the army had an unfriendly view about communism was because of the Turkey-NATO relations. Turkey became a member of NATO in 1952, establishing its stance against communism's spread. Therefore, the 1980 Turkish army believed that rising communism in Turkey, being a NATO member state, could damage its relations with other NATO member states. Thus, isolating the rising communist movements became the second motivation for the army to carry out a coup. In this respect, the army and their nationalistic and anti-communism ideology was mainly supported by the Nationalist Movement Party (Turkish: "Milliyetçi Hareket Partisi (MHP)"). On the other hand, MHP believed that the arising communist groups were supported by Republican People’s Party (Turkish: "Cumhuriyet Halk Partisi (CHP)"), which was represented by Bulent Ecevit as the prime minister of Turkey. Thus, MHP and the Turkish army accepted Bulent Ecevit as the reason for Turkey’s political and economic instability.

The Turkish economy between 1970-1980 was deteriorating. This economic depression led to lack of access to oil, basic goods like food, and high levels of unemployment. The depression was due to Bulent Ecevit’s unsuccessful economic policies, 1973-74 Oil Crisis and U.S. embargo on Turkey after the 1974 Cyprus Peace Operation. Combined with political instability, the economic recession was leading to lower living standards in Turkey. The economic policies of Ecevit in the beginning years of 1970s were enabling the county to grow at a constant rate. However, the oil crisis after the Yom-Kippur War caused one of the most drastic downfalls of Turkish economy in 1976. Secondly, after the 1974 Cyprus Peace Operation, Turkey was embargoed by U.S. In addition to the already existing economic issues and the oil crisis, the embargo put more pressure upon the Turkish economy. Despite the debate that the US established the embargo as an outcome of the 1974 Cyprus Peace Operation, Ecevit claims in an interview that the embargo has already been established by the U.S. before the 1974 Cyprus Peace Operation was carried out. In general, the Turkish economy under Ecevit’s regime was experiencing recession because although he was applying policies to tackle the recession, his policies were not strong enough to establish an improved economy. Therefore, Ecevit’s regime came to be characterized by both economic crisis and internal political unrest, and the interrelating problems they have caused.

Although the 1980 coup d’état was motivated by the domestic political and economic factors persisting between 1970 and 1980, there has been a debate regarding West's connection to the 1980 coup d’état. One dimension of how this was discussed can be linked back to Iran and its geopolitical importance.

Iran was perceived as a geopolitically important country for the West since it is an oil-rich country as well as one of the significant oil-supplier to the West. The West had concerns that the oil supply from Iran might be at risk when USSR invaded Afghanistan in 1979. Afghanistan, which neighbors both Iran and former USSR, acted as a buffer zone against USSR expansionism into the oil-rich countries, which included Iran as well. The West feared this invasion since the it could mean that the oil-supply to the West might be disrupted and owned by USSR. 

The discussion regarding how the West could have been involved in the 1980 Turkish coup d’état's upbringing starts with the discussion of U.S. military being deployed in this region. In order to fight against any further Soviet expansionism into Iran, the U.S. decides to deploy a military belonging to U.S. in a geopolitically beneficial country which is also closer to Iran. The Western powers believed that the most geopolitically suitable country to deploy their army to would be Turkey. However, for a U.S. military force to be deployed in Turkey, the U.S. believed that Turkey needed to obtain a more stable economy and political environment. What U.S. found problematic about the political environment of Turkey is argued to be the rise of communist movements in Turkey. Therefore, U.S. believed that such a coup also aiming to ease the communist movements is highly important for the efficiency of the U.S. army to be deployed in Turkey.

As a result, the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan indirectly affected how the West, mainly consisting the U.S., supported the 1980 Turkish coup d’état. 

On the morning of 12th September 1980, approximately at 3 A.M, the coup took place declaring a curfew. The 1980’s coup d’état led to the suspension of democracy and a shift into an authoritarian military rule. 
The parliament was dissolved and the existing political parties were abolished. Trade unions were closed down since they were seen as communists threats. Although the National Security Council that overthrew the government declared that it would eventually return the power to democratically elected civilians, Turkish Military ruled the country for 3 years.

Many people were arrested on the morning of 12 September 1980. After coup d’état the cases of torture in Turkey rapidly increased and first executions in ten years were carried out in a month. Prisoners were beaten, intimidated, humiliated and starved. After a global pressure, the state opened an investigation. According to the report in 1982 published by the Turkish State authorities, only four of the alleged 204 deaths were caused by torture.

The Military also implemented a nationwide treatment programme called "mixing for peace". This programme enforced the cohabitation of leftist and rightist prisoners. This was perceived as a mental torture by some prisoners, while the others believed that they were all the victims of the coup d’état.
The Constituent Assembly, consisting of 160 members, implemented a new constitution which strengthened the military’s power and state authority. The purpose of the 1982 constitution was to ensure that the country was safe from political polarization of 1970s.

It was a programme designed to help Turkey overcome the economic crisis before the coup d’état. With the guidance of International Monetary Fund (IMF), the purpose of the programme was to encourage foreign investments and trade. The provisional government kept following the programme. Furthermore, the designer of the programme, Turgut Özal, was appointed as the finance minister of the military government.

1971 Turkish military memorandum

The 1971 Turkish military memorandum, issued on 12 March that year, was the second military intervention to take place in the Republic of Turkey.

Sheikh Jarrah

Sheikh Jarrah is a neighborhood in Jerusalem, Israel.

Reticulated humming frog

The reticulated humming frog ("Chiasmocleis royi") is a frog that lives in Bolivia, Brazil, and Peru. They sometimes live with tarantula spiders.

Scientists have seen this frog living in the same burrows or holes in trees as tarantula spiders in the genus "Pamphobeteus". The spiders eat other frogs but not reticulated humming frogs. Scientists have seen the frogs and the spiders coming out of the same burrows to look for food at night.

Scientists think the tarantulas use chemicals to tell which frog is which. They have seen young tarantulas catch and pick up small reticulated humming frogs. They catch them the same way they catch frogs that they will eat. But the tarantulas only touch the reticulated humming frogs with their mouths. Then they put them back down without biting them. Microhylid frogs, like the reticulated humming frog, make chemicals in their skin that taste bad. Scientists think this might be why the frogs and spiders started living together.

Scientists do not know whether the reticulated humming frog and the tarantula both help each other or whether the tarantula helps the frog but not the other way around. The frog lives in the tarantula burrow, where it is safe from drying out during the day. Other animals that would eat the frog stay away from the tarantulas. However, scientists think the reticulated humming frog might help the tarantula too. They have seen parasite fly larvae on young tarantulas. They think the frog might help the tarantulas by eating flies that try to get into the burrow.

Other frogs and tarantulas that live far from South America also live together like this. For example, there are frogs and tarantulas in Sri Lanka that live together this way. Scientists think this relationship evolved more than once.

1977 Egyptian bread riots

The Egyptian "bread riots" of 1977 affected most major cities in Egypt from 18–19 January 1977. The riots owed to economic reasons.

Slavery in the Ottoman Empire

Slavery in the Ottoman Empire was considered an important part of the economy.

To control their ownership of slaves, the Ottomans followed the Islamic view of human bondage. They saw themselves as the protectors of the religion while Mecca and Medina were under their protection. And the sultan was seen as a successor to the prophet. In this sense and according to Hanafi Islamic law, a person can have ownership of another, which entitles the owner to the slave' labor, property and sexuality while restricting his freedoms. However, a Muslim cannot be enslaved and if a slave follows Islam, he is to be freed. These rules were introduced in the empire’s laws.
The Slavery in the Ottoman Empire was considered an important and big part of the empire's society. It was estimated that twenty percent of the residence during the 16th century were slaves. The Ottomans tied their economy tightly to owning slaves. Since it was a large country, the vast work they needed required more workers. For this reason they needed slaves to help them with different tasks.
Slaves had different tasks. Some of them were domestic slaves who helped raise children and do household chores. Others had menial jobs. Others were sex workers. Some of the empire's officials were purchased as slaves who grew up as free citizens.

The official prohibition of slavery took place in the second half of the 19th century, but the practice continued into the 20th century.

Slavery began in the Ottoman Empire in the 14th century when Sultan Murad I built an army of slaves from prisoners of war called Kapıkulu. The sultan was in full control of them and trained them where necessary. Sultan Mehmed II established the first slave market in Constantinople in the 1460s, called Yessir. The markets then spread widely in most towns and cities of the empire.

The empire followed the pencik method (pencik from Persian labor stylo means five and yek means one) in which the state takes a fifth of the raiding captives. It has also been linked to a tax system and title deed

The footrest system has been changed for reasons that are unclear. They followed the devshirme system, which means collecting and fixing the children of Christian citizens from their ethnic, religious and cultural background and applying them in an Islamic Turkic system. This practice was also applied to citizens of Rumelia, especially Bosons and Albanians, even as Muslims and other non-Muslims in the empire. The Ottomans brought their slaves from within their borders.

The call for the end of slavery began in the 19th century with calls from European countries to end human rights abuses. The empire lost its power after World War I and was under pressure and influence from European powers.

In an effort to restore itself, the empire went through the Tanzimat period during which it underwent many reforms. It was seen as a period of importing European and Western ideologies and models, and the ideas of equality for all citizens, regardless of race or religion, and freedom were stronger than ever. These concepts made the slavery system less powerful and more opposed by citizens.

During this period, slaves also took the opportunity to escape from their owners and

In order to escape from them in this sense, the Empire issued several edicts beginning with the liberation of groups of slaves.

The slaves in The Ottoman Empire had different works:


For most of the earlier period of the empire, slaves were won by invading European borders and the Black Sea. In the following century, slaves came from Africa with a small minority from the Caucasus mainly from Circassia and Georgia. In the late 18th and 19th centuries, Africans were imprisoned in Sudan, Central Africa and Ethiopia. They were then transported across the desert and the Mediterranean to reach ports in the Balkans and the Middle East. Some were transported through the Nile Valley, the Red Sea, the Persian Gulf and the pilgrimage network.

The Ottomans saw slavery as a means of giving individuals better living conditions and a better life.

Many of the sultan's slaves were better cared for than the common people. Many of them valued the positions they held and refused to trade them in for their freedoms because of the insecurity and fragility of the free people. Some people even volunteered for service. For them, slavery was a way for people to escape danger and misery. Under the responsibility of the owners, they are provided with the basic necessities (housing and food). For the sultan's slaves, they would even be given the status and opportunity to get close to the elite of society. The slave "Hurrem" even went on to marry the sultan and become queen of the empire.

However, this did not apply to all slaves, many went to great lengths to gain their freedom, and the positions held by slaves did not always guarantee proper treatment. Some of them have committed crimes according to the governing elite and even protests in the fight for their freedom. they also followed different strategies:

Some, in the struggle for freedom, worked to improve their status and position in society and to rise from a class of social slaves to a higher class.

Other groups of slaves decided to escape their owners, and in fact this strategy was popular in the late 19th century. After their escape, they were in a weak position, some states in the empire decided to abandon slave property rights over their slaves and sided with the enslaved, they were able to use the siding of the state in order to free themselves. Nevertheless, these actions were still criminalized by the ruling elite, which assumes them as a threat to the existing order in the region.

Slaves, in expressing their desire for freedom, tried to hold fast to their cultural beliefs and practices, even attempting to disrupt them and shut down the cultural hierarchy of slave owners.


CBS News Streaming Network

CBSN is an television news channel. It is operated by CBS News and CBS Interactive divisions of CBS Corporation. It was started on November 6, 2014. Their first sponsors were Microsoft and Amazon.com.

Rentier state

A rentier state derives its money from the rent paid by foreign individuals, concerns or governments. It is commonly seen in the Middle East

Fatback

Fatback is a type of meat from a pig. It is made from the fat under the skin on the back of the pig. It can be served with or without the skin still on the fat. Fatback is "hard fat" and is different than the soft fat found belly of pig. Like other types of pig fat, it can be made into lard if it is processed. Fatback can be used to make salt pork, and it is used to make sausages or as an ingredient in many dishes.

Fatback is a traditional part of southern US cuisine, soul food and the traditional cuisine of Quebec. In Quebec, it is used for fried pork rinds, which is also called cracklings. Fatback is used to flavor boiled vegetables such as leaf vegetables, green beans, and black-eyed peas. Fat back can be fried, coated with breadcrumbs and fried or cooked in many other ways.

Fatback has been used for hundreds of years or more in almost every country where they eat pork. Each country has their own special dishes that use it.

Kirchanschöring

Kirchanschöring () is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany. The community is in the Rupertiwinkel and it borders on the eastern waterside of the Waginger See, although the town itself is some kilometers away from the lake.

Marquartstein

Marquartstein is a municipality in the southeastern part of Bavaria, Germany and is part of the Verwaltungsgemeinschaft Marquartstein and Staudach-Egerndach. It is in a region called Chiemgau, about 10 km south of Lake Chiemsee between Munich and Salzburg. Most of the area is in the valley of the river Tiroler Achen, which separates the village into two parts. Marquartstein is at the edge of the Alps. Its geographical location is .

Nußdorf (Chiemgau)

Nußdorf () is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria in Germany.

Obing

Obing is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Petting, Bavaria

Petting is a municipality in Traunstein, Bavaria, Germany. It is on the shore of the Waginger See.


Pittenhart

Pittenhart is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Reit im Winkl

Reit im Winkl is a small village (locally known as a snow-magnet ) on the German/Austrian border in the southeastern part of Bavaria, Germany in Traunstein. It is south of Chiemsee and southwest of Ruhpolding - home of the Biathlon World Cup - in the Bavarian Alps and facing towards Tyrol. The village is next to the Austrian states Tyrol and Salzburg. Kössen in Tyrol is the next village on the river Lofer, before it joins the convergence of the river Tiroler Achen.


Ruhpolding

Ruhpolding is the municipality with the biggest area of the Traunstein district in southeastern Bavaria, Germany. It is in the south of the Chiemgau region in the Alps and next to the Austrian border.


Schleching

Schleching is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Schnaitsee

Schnaitsee is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Seeon-Seebruck

Seeon-Seebruck is a municipality in Traunstein in southern Bavaria in Germany.


Siegsdorf

Siegsdorf is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Staudach-Egerndach

Staudach-Egerndach is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Surberg

Surberg is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany. It is 90 km (55.7 miles) southeast of the Bavarian capital of Munich.

Tacherting

Tacherting is a municipality in the north of Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

The municipality of Tacherting has the following 108 districts:

Taching am See

Taching am See is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany. The municipality is to the west and northwest of the Tachinger See (Lake Taching).

The small villages in rural Taching am See are: Assing, Buchberg, Grendach, Gröben, Haunerting, Hörgassing, Hucking, Mauerham, Moosmühle, Obertaching, Planthal, Salling, Schönhofen and Tettenberg.


Tittmoning

Tittmoning () is a town in Traunstein, in Bavaria, Germany.

It is in the historic Rupertiwinkel region, on the left edge of the river Salzach, which forms the border with Ostermiething in the Austrian state of Salzburg. The two communes are linked by a bridge. Tittmoning is about northwest of the Salzburg city centre.

Speculum 62, No. 3 (Jul., 1987): 575–611.

Traunreut

Traunreut () is a town in southeastern Bavaria, Germany in Traunstein. It is at . Traunreut is in the middle of the Chiemgau region between Munich and Salzburg, about 10 km east of the Chiemsee, 25 km north of the Alps, and 35 km west of Salzburg.


Republican Guard

The Republican Guard is an Ethiopian federal law enforcement agency. It is a part of the Ethiopian Ministry of Defense focused on protecting high cabinet level government and high-ranking military officials in the country. The (RG) protect the Prime Minister of the country the first lady, the President, ministers, and generals and high-level federal executives of the country. The republican guard had a budget of 140 million birr for 2019. The Guard not only protect high level officials they also conduct protections for high-risk places and have riot police for times other agencies need help. They also conduct special operations outside their protecting mission seen at high-risk places and times. 

Under Regulation No. 426-2018 Which states "The Guard shall have the following powers and duties: prepare and submit procedures and standards, and implement same up on approval by the Prime Minister; prepare and submit to the Prime Minister Office, directives related to human resource recruitment, training, periodic evaluation, transfer and dismissal, and implement same upon approval; in coordination with the Ministry and appropriate organs recruit, train, employ and deploy appropriate human resources equip itself with materials, vehicles, weapons, and appropriate technologies that comply with international standards and important for the execution of the mission; without prejudice to sub-article (4) of this Article, whenever necessary, request and obtain appropriate provisional support from other organs; ensure security of the Prime Minister and their family members, and Head of State and Deputy Prime Minister and their family members; without prejudice to sub-article (6) of this Article the protection extends to the outgoing Prime Ministers and his family, outgoing Head of State and Deputy Prime Minister and their families; and it does not include appointee with the Rank of Deputy Prime Minister; provide protection to the visiting foreign Heads of State and Government, Heads of International Organizations and individuals having such status; provide gourd of honor services; conduct studies prepare and submit to the Prime Minister necessary structure and units that help for the accomplishment of mission and implement same upon approval; take necessary measures to ensure the security of head of states and governments; own property, enter into contract, sue and be sued in its own name; undertake other related activities that are supporting the attainment of its objectives." The Guard carry out law enforcement operations in parts of the country.

The Republican Guard are trained inside The National College of Information and Security which is under the supervision and teaching of the NISS. The Republican Guard according to Prof De Waal were Emirati-trained. They originally were trained from abroad for 6 months but later after time they are now domestically trained.

The Republican Guard use many rifles and guns with assault rifles. These include the CSR 338 sniper rifle, the assault rifle CAR 816 carbine, the CAR 817DMR, they also use the Israeli TAR-21. These weapons come from several countries including Israel.

The Republican Guard has four main structures. These structures are composed of units inside the Guard. These Units include VIP protection or people who are close with the Prime Minister and Protectees at all times, there is also the Counter Military Unit which are uniformed military personnel protecting the Prime minister and other Protectees with the VIP personnel which are close to the Protectees. There is also another unit which is called Military uniformed Republican Guard Special Force they are tasked with protecting high risk places as the Prime Minister Office or high military or national interest's place. The last is the military police who are said to intervene at high risk and volatile situations in the country.

The Republican Guard was formed on December 23, 2018, after a grenade attack whilst the Prime Minister was hosting a speech and other high government officials with while starting his premier ship. The attack was on June 28, 2018, or on the 89th day of his Prime Minister ship.

Weeks after becoming Prime Minister Republican guard members from other stations stormed the Prime Minister's residence and demanded a pay raise, the prime ministers' republican guards stationed to him were outnumbered by the hundreds: the prime minister then did pushups to lessen the tension and that made the demanding guards enjoy the pushups with the PM, and they left the palace they later were arrested. Later some members of the Republican Guard apologized for protesting and demanding a pay raise to the Prime Minister. The then Federal Police Commissioner said about the protest raid "They raised issues related to their living conditions, low pay and a dismal benefits package and demanded to meet the prime minister," the guards who raided the PM residence were estimated to be around 250, the guards were ordered to do 10 pushups whom the Prime Minister also led himself. They were invited to dinner then let go out of the residence of the Prime Minister.

The Republican Guard have also been involved with operations in Tigray region after rebels rebelled against the federal government. The Republican Guard were able for a brief period able to control the capital city of the northmost state of Ethiopia for a couple weeks till the Commander in Chief of the Ethiopian Armed forces Abiy Ahmed ordered all troops to leave the regional state as a whole forcing the Republican Guard that conducted special operations to leave the area. But whilst they were on the grounds, they have been able to capture high level rebel officials who served as leading the rebel group for decades. One of these is Sebhat Nega the one of the founding members of the TPLF rebel group: which served as the leading political party in Ethiopia for 27 years. The Guard had to fight multiple rebels and go through mountains to catch these high-level leaders of the TPLF. With the Airforce they flied over the rebels to Addis Ababa and gave them to the Ethiopian Federal Police Forensic Investigation Team.

Nokia 6230

Nokia 6230 (also known is Nokia 6230i) is an Nokia mobile phone was developed of Nokia Corporation, it was announced on October 28, 2003 and release on February 28, 2004.

In October 28, 2003. Nokia announced they will be release Nokia 6230 on February 2004. In November 2003, Nokia 6230 has begin of worldwide on late January and early February 2004 with sales at Campagin Shops.

In February 18, 2004. Nokia 6230 release of Canada and February 22 release of United Kingdom. In February 28, 2004. Nokia 6230 has release of worldwide.

In July 2007, Nokia announced they will be release Nokia 6230i on August 12, 2007.

In June 2006, Nokia announced they will be discontinued Nokia 6230, because was no longer after release in 2004. In December 18, 2006. Nokia 6230 was ended sales in worldwide. In January 20, 2007. Nokia 6230 was discontinued.

After Nokia 6230 was discontinued, in August 12, 2007. Nokia announced Nokia 6230i will support after in October 2010 was discontinued.

In October 14, 2010. Nokia 6230i was ended sales and discontinued of worldwide.


The Peacekeeper

The Peacekeeper is a 1997 American Canadian action adventure movie directed by Frédéric Forestier and starring Dolph Lundgren, Michael Sarrazin, Montel Williams, Roy Scheider, Christopher Heyerdahl, Monika Schnarre.


Kenta Izumi

Izumi was elected as the leader of the CDP in the 2021 Constitutional Democratic Party of Japan leadership election on 30 November 2021.

Charanjit Singh

Charanjit Singh (3 February 1931 – 27 January 2022) was an Indian field hockey player. Singh captained the Indian hockey team that won the gold medal in the 1964 Summer Olympics at Tokyo, Japan. Singh was born in Himachal Pradesh (then Punjab, British India).

Singh died from a heart attack at his home in Una, Himachal Pradesh on 27 January 2022, at the age of 90.

Max Moszkowicz

Max Moszkowicz Sr. (5 October 1926 – 27 January 2022) was a Dutch lawyer.

The Jewish Moszkowicz family fled Nazi Germany in 1933. During the Holocaust his parents were murdered. Moszkowicz survived Auschwitz.

He became well known in the Netherlands for defending Dutch criminals. Moszkowicz was a member of the People's Party for Freedom and Democracy (VVD).

Moszkowicz died on 27 January 2022, at the age of 95.

Nedjeljko Mihanović

Nedjeljko Mihanović (; 16 February 1930 – 27 January 2022) was a Croatian politician. He was Speaker of the Croatian Parliament from 1994 to 1995. He retired in 2000.

He died on 27 January 2022, at the age of 91.

Pier Ferdinando Casini

Pier Ferdinando Casini (; born 3 December 1955) is an Italian politician. He was President of the Chamber of Deputies from 2001 to 2006.

Martin Leach-Cross Feldman

Martin Leach-Cross Feldman (January 28, 1934 – January 27, 2022) was an American Republican politician and lawyer. He was the United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Louisiana from 1983 until 2022. He was nominated to the court by President Ronald Reagan. Feldman was born in St. Louis, Missouri.

Feldman died on January 27, 2022 in New Orleans, Louisiana, one day before his 88th birthday.

Mohammad Ali Farrokhian

Mohammad Ali Farrokhian (, 1935 – 27 January 2022) was an Iranian freestyle wrestler. He won silver medals in the 57 kg division at the 1965 World Wrestling Championships and 1966 Asian Games. 

Farrokhian died on 27 January 2022, at the age of 86.

Gene Clines

Eugene Anthony Clines (October 6, 1946 – January 27, 2022) was an American professional baseball player and coach. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) as an outfielder from 1970 to 1979. He played for the Pittsburgh Pirates teams that won four National League Eastern Division titles and won the World Series in 1971. He also played for the New York Mets, Texas Rangers, and the Chicago Cubs.

He was a coach for the Cubs, Houston Astros, Seattle Mariners, Milwaukee Brewers, and San Francisco Giants, and an advisor with the Los Angeles Dodgers later in his career.

Clines died at his home in Bradenton, Florida, on January 27, 2022, at the age of 75.

San Pablo, California

San Pablo (Spanish for "St. Paul") is a city in Contra Costa County, California, United States. The city of Richmond surrounds almost the whole city. The population was 32,127 at the 2020 census.

Ernst Stankovski

Ernst Stankovski (16 June 1928 – 26 January 2022) was an Austrian actor and musician. He appeared in more than one hundred movies from 1949 until his death. Stankovski was born in Vienna, Austria. Some of his best known works were in "Kauf dir einen bunten Luftballon", "Help, I Love Twins", "Goetz von Berlichingen of the Iron Hand" and "The First Polka.

Stankovski died in Klosterneuburg, Austria on 26 January 2022, at the age of 93.

Thomas M. Neuville

Thomas M. Neuville (January 31, 1950 – January 26, 2022) was an American judge and politician. He was a member of the Minnesota Senate from 1990 until 2008. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Neuville died at his home in Northfield, Minnesota, on January 26, 2022, at the age of 71.

Rosalie Kunoth-Monks

Rosalie Kunoth-Monks (1937 – 26 January 2022), also known as Ngarla Kunoth, was an Australian actress, Aboriginal activist and politician. She was known for her lead role in the 1955 movie "Jedda". She unsuccessfully ran for the Australian Senate in 2013 as a member of the First Nations Political Party.

Kunoth-Monks died in Alice Springs, Northern Territory on 26 January 2022 at the age of 85.

Ludmila Ferber

Ludmila Múrias Ferber Lino (8 August 1965 – 26 January 2022) was a Brazilian Christian singer-songwriter, worship pastor and writer. In 1996, Ferber released her first solo CD entitled "Marcas".

Ferber died at a hospital in São Paulo, Brazil from lung cancer on 26 January 2022, at the age of 56.


Philippe Contamine

Philippe Contamine (7 May 1932 – 26 January 2022) was a French historian. His works focused on the Middle Ages. Contamine was a president of the Académie des Inscriptions et Belles-Lettres, the Société de l'histoire de France, and the Societé des Antiquaires de France. 

He taught at the Université de Nancy, the Université de Paris X at Nanterre and Université de Paris IV (Paris-Sorbonne). 

Contamine died on 26 January 2022 in Paris, at the age of 89.

Augusto Cicaré

Augusto Ulderico Cicaré (25 May 1937 – 26 January 2022) was an Argentinian inventor, engineer, and aviation designer.

In 1958, even though he had never seen an actual helicopter before, and knowing little of helicopter design, Cicaré's first successful helicopter design, the CH-1, flew for the first time.

In the late 1960s, Cicaré designed a V-4 engine for use in DKW automobiles. His best known works were the Cicaré CH-10 and CH-11 ultralight helicopters. He also helped create the Cicaré SVH-3 flight simulator.

He died in Saladillo, Buenos Aires on 26 January 2022, at the age of 84.

David Bannett

David Rephael Bannett (; 29 October 1921 – 26 January 2022) was an American-Israeli engineer. He was known as the inventor of Shabbat elevators. Bannett was the first lecturer of electronics in the Department of Physics at Bar Ilan University and the Jerusalem College of Technology. He is one of the founders of the Beit Hazon neighborhood in Kfar Haroeh.

Bannett died in Beit Hazon on 26 January 2022, at the age of 100.

SKV Altenmarkt

SKV Altenmarkt is a women soccer team from Altenmarkt an der Triesting in Lower Austria. It plays in the Planet Pure Frauen Bundesliga, the top league in Austrias women soccer.

In 2004 the women's section of SKV Altenmarkt was founded. In the 2008-09 season they became champion of the 2. Frauenliga Ost but lost the relegation versus SC Stattegg. 2010-11 they were promoted to ÖFB-Frauenliga.



Baldo: The Guardian Owls

Baldo: The Guardian Owls is an action-adventure video game developed and published by NAPS team. It was released for Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, Xbox One, iOS, macOS and Microsoft Windows.

It was inspired by "The Legend of Zelda" and Studio Ghibli's movies, including puzzles, exploration and combat, set in a crafted hand-drawn open world.

Crispin Tickell

Sir Crispin Tickell (25 August 1930 – 25 January 2022) was a British politician, environmentalist, and academic. He was the Ambassador to Mexico between 1981 until 1983 and later the Permanent Representative to the United Nations between 1987 until 1990.

Tickell died on 25 January 2022 from pneumonia at a London hospital, aged 91.

Peter Robbins (actor)

Peter Robbins (born Louis G. Nanasi; August 10, 1956 – January 18, 2022) was an American actor. He became well known in the 1960s as being the first actor to voice Charlie Brown in the "Peanuts" animated specials. Robbins was born in Los Angeles, California.

Robbins killed himself on January 18, 2022 at his home in Oceanside, California. He was 65.

Ramón Martínez

Ramón Martínez (31 August 1948 – 25 January 2022) was a Venezuelan politician. He was the Governor of the state of Sucre from 1992 to 1998 for the Movement for Socialism, and again from 2000 to 2008, first for Movement for Socialism and then for For Social Democracy. From 1998 to 2000 he was a member of the Venezuelan Senate. 

Martínez died from COVID-19 in Caracas, Venezuela on 25 January 2022, at the age of 73.

Erwin Eisch

Erwin Eisch (; 18 April 1927 – 25 January 2022) was a German artist. He worked with glass. He was also a painter, draughtsman, and printmaker. Eisch was known for his works with Harvey Littleton. Their works helped created the studio glass movement.

Eisch died in Zwiesel, Germany on 25 January 2022, at the age of 94.

Wyn Calvin

Wyn Calvin MBE OStJ (born Joseph Wyndham Calvin-Thomas; 28 August 1925 – 25 January 2022) was a Welsh comedian, actor, radio personality, television host, lecturer, philanthropist and newspaper columnist.

As a comedy performer, he appeared in variety theatres around the country including summer shows (seven in Llandudno and four in Blackpool. He was known as "Blackpool's favourite Welsh comedian. He was well known for pantomime.

Calvin died on 25 January 2022, at the age of 96.

L'Humanité

L'Humanité (; ), is a French daily newspaper. It was part of the French Communist Party. Its slogan is "In an ideal world, "L'Humanité" would not exist." "L'Humanité" was founded in 1902.

Hubertus Kramer

Hubertus Kramer (3 November 1959 – 24 January 2022) was a German SPD politician. He had was in the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia from 2005 until his death. He was born in Finnentrop, North Rhine-Westphalia, West Germany.

Kramer died on 24 January 2022, at the age of 62.

Ronnie Fearn, Baron Fearn

Ronald Cyril Fearn, Baron Fearn, (6 February 1931 – 24 January 2022), known as Ronnie Fearn, was a British Liberal Democrat politician. He was a member of the Parliament of the United Kingdom between 1987 until 1992 and again from 1997 until 2001. Fearn was a member of the House of Lords between 2001 until 2018. 

Fearn died in Southport, Merseyside on 24 January 2022, at the age of 90.

Enzo Fasano

Vincenzo Fasano (2 September 1951 – 23 January 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of National Alliance and Forza Italia. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 2001 to 2006 and again from 2018 to 2022. 

Fasano died of cancer in Salerno, Italy on 23 January 2022, at the age of 70.

Houma Hunter Lime with Paint Maker

Houma Hunter Lime with Paint Maker is a Miscellaneous game, developed by Silence and published by Asmik Ace Entertainment, Inc, which was released in Japan in 1997.

Houma Hunter Lime with Paint Maker is a collection of 3 different stories & other one that will be unlocked playing the first 3 ones, the game also features a collection of images, music and even a colouring drawing game.

 Manufacturer's description:

Lime popular anime girl of strong performances Treasure Devil Hunter Lime ?Hell [digital animation in addition to the theme of a three story, high-performance drawing tools, special software was created and functions included shooting. And this title will appear in their original character lime to enjoy and create a digital picture-card show synchronized to the text.

 Features:


Roger Wallis

Roger Wallis (8 August 1941 – 22 January 2022) was a British-born Swedish musician, journalist and researcher. He was an adjunct professor of multimedia at the Royal Institute of Technology in Stockholm.

Between 1967 and 1981, Wallis was the main presenter of the English language "The Saturday Show" on Radio Sweden. Wallis also co-wrote "Judy, min vän".

Wallis died on 22 January 2022, at the age of 80.

Kathryn Kates

Kathryn Kates (January 29, 1948 – January 22, 2022) was an American actress. She had a repeating role on "Seinfeld". She also appeared in "", "Orange Is the New Black" and "The Many Saints of Newark".

Kates died of lung cancer in Florida on January 22, 2022, at the age of 73.

Gerald Weiß (politician)

Gerald Weiß (12 July 1945 – 21 January 2022) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. He was in the Landtag of Hesse from 1974 to 1987 and again from 1991 to 1998 and in the Bundestag from 1998 to 2009. 

Weiß died on 21 January 2022, at the age of 76.

École Supérieure de Chimie Physique Électronique de Lyon

École supérieure de chimie physique électronique de Lyon (CPE Lyon) is a engineering graduate school in France.. The university is located on the campus of La Doua - LyonTech, in a cluster of science and technology universities and "Grandes Écoles". La Doua is located in Villeurbanne, a suburb of Lyon.
The school was founded in 1883 to train highly qualified engineers, support continuing education and conduct research. The five-year curriculum aims to train engineers who possess human qualities and knowledge in science and engineering. Students can pursue a doctorate at the end of the 5-year curriculum.



Czesław Krakowski

Czesław Krakowski (7 June 1950 – 21 January 2022) was a Polish politician. He was a member of the Polish People's Party. He was in the Senate of Poland from 1993 to 1997. He was born in Płock, Poland.

Krakowski died in Płock on 21 January 2022, at the age of 71.

Krzysztof Gawedzki

Krzysztof Gawędzki (2 July 1947 – 21 January 2022) was a Polish-born French mathematical physicist. He was born in Warsaw, Poland. In the 1980s Gawędzki did research at CNRS at the IHES near Paris. He was a professor at the École normale supérieure de Lyon (ENS de Lyon). He was an emeritus researcher there. He was known for his research in the mathematics of quantum field theory (QFT), especially conformal field theory.

Gawedzki died in Lyon, France on 21 January 2022, at the age of 74.

Werner Delmes

Werner Delmes (28 September 1930 – 13 January 2022) was a German field hockey player. He competed in the 1956 Summer Olympics and 1960 Summer Olympics, winning a bronze medal in 1956. He was born in Cologne, Rhineland, Prussia, Germany. 

Delmes died in Cologne on 13 January 2022, at the age of 91.

Joseph Zangerle

Joseph Zangerle (6 November 1949 – 12 January 2022) was a Luxembourgish footballer. He played as a forward for R.W.D. Molenbeek and Union Luxembourg throughout the 1970s. His career began in 1968 and he retired in 1979. He made 11 appearances for the Luxembourg national football team.

Zangerle died on 12 January 2022, at the age of 72.

Tropical Storm Ana (2022)

Moderate Tropical Storm Ana was a deadly tropical cyclone that affected Madagascar and Mozambique. It was the first named storm of the 2021-22 South-West Indian Ocean cyclone season.

Tropical Storm Ana caused a series of floods which had killed 11 people on 18 January, and the new heavy rains and floods killed another 48 people in Madagascar. Tropical Storm Ana also killed 18 people in Mozambique and 29 people in Malawi.

Charadrahyla pinorum

The pine wood tree frog or Mexican pine woods tree frog ("Charadrahyla pinorum") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in western part of the Sierra Madre mountains.

A Cooler Climate

A Cooler Climate is a 1999 American made for television drama movie directed by Susan Seidelman and was based on the novel of the same name. It stars Sally Field, Judy Davis, Jerry Wasserman, Winston Rekert and aired on Showtime on 22 August 1999.


Super Bust-A-Move

Super Bust-A-Move, known in Japan as Super Puzzle Bobble is a puzzle video game in the "Puzzle Bobble" series. Developed by Taito and published by Acclaim Entertainment for PlayStation 2, released in November 27, 2000.

John Tuttle (politician)

John Lee Tuttle Jr. (1951/1952 – January 28, 2022) was an American Democratic politician. He was born in Sanford, Maine. He was a member of the Maine House of Representatives between 1978 until 1984, 1994 until 2002 and again from 2004 until 2012. He was a member of the Maine Senate from 2012 until 2014.

Tuttle died on January 28, 2022 in Sanford, at the age of 70.

Sanford, Maine

Sanford is a city in York County, Maine, United States. The population was 21,982 in the 2020 census.

Wayne Stenehjem

Wayne Stenehjem ( ; February 5, 1953 – January 28, 2022) was an American lawyer and Republican politician. He was the Attorney General from December 15, 2000 until his death in 2022. He ran for the Republican nomination for Governor of North Dakota in 2016 but lost the primary election. He was born in Mohall, North Dakota. 

Stenehjem died on January 28, 2022 at a hospital in Bismarck, North Dakota from problems caused by an ulcer, one week before his 69th birthday.

Mohall, North Dakota

Mohall is a city in Renville County, North Dakota, United States. It is the county seat of Renville County. The population was 694 at the 2020 census.

Abang Muhammad Salahuddin

Tun Pehin Sri Datuk Patinggi Abang Haji Muhammad Salahuddin bin Abang Barieng (; 27 August 1921 – 28 January 2022) was a Malaysian politician. He was the third Yang di-Pertua Negeri of Sarawak from 1977 to 1981, and as the sixth Yang di-Pertua Negeri from 2001 to 2014. He was the first Yang di-Pertua Negeri to hold the post twice. He was the oldest elected to the office. Salahuddin was born in present-day Sarawak, Malaysia.

Salahuddin died on 28 January 2022 at a hospital in Petra Jaya, Malaysia at the age of 100.

Joseph Belmont

Joseph Belmont (1 June 1947 – 28 January 2022) was a Seychellois politician. He was the Vice President of the Seychelles from 14 July 2004 until his retirement on 30 June 2010. Belmont was one of the leading members of the Seychelles People’s Progressive Front (SPPF).

Belmont died at a hospital in Victoria, Seychelles on 28 January 2022 at the age of 74.

Vincent Meriton

Vincent Emmanuel Angelin Meriton (born 28 December 1959) is a Seychellois politician. He was the Vice President of Seychelles from 2016 until 2020.

Ahmed Afif

Ahmed Afif (born 6 January 1967) is a Seychellois politician and banker. He has been the Vice President of Seychelles since 27 October 2020.

Diego Verdaguer

Miguel Atilio Boccadoro Hernández (26 April 1951 – 27 January 2022), known professionally as Diego Verdaguer (, was an Argentine-born Mexican singer. He played the trumpet and the bandoneón. His most famous songs were "Volveré", "Corazón de Papel", "Usted Qué Haría" and "La Ladrona". He was also known for working with Joan Sebastián. Verdaguer was born in Buenos Aires.

Verdaguer died on 27 January 2022 in Los Angeles, California from COVID-19, aged 70.

Ri Yong-mu

Ri Yong-mu (25 January 1925 – 27 January 2022) was a North Korean senior official. He was a member of the Politburo of the Workers' Party of Korea. He was vice-chairman of the National Defence Commission of North Korea and vice-marshal of the Korean People's Army.

Ri died from a heart attack on 27 January 2022, two days after his 97th birthday.

Gary K. Hart

Gary Kersey Hart (August 13, 1943 – January 27, 2022) was an American Democratic politician, educator, and pro-charter school activist. Hart was born in San Diego, California. He was a member of the California State Assembly between 1974 until 1982. He was also a member of the California Senate from 1982 until 1994. 

Hart died on January 27, 2022 at his home in Sacramento, California from pancreatic cancer at the age of 78.

Georg Christoph Biller

Georg Christoph Biller (20 September 1955 – 27 January 2022) was a German choral conductor. He conducted the Thomanerchor as the sixteenth Thomaskantor from 1992 to 2015.

Biller died on 27 January 2022 in Leipzig, Germany from problems caused by motor neurone disease, aged 66.

Víctor Paredes Guerra

Víctor Felipe Paredes Guerra (20 April 1944 – 26 January 2022) was a Peruvian academic and politician. He was in the Congress of the Republic of Peru from 1990 to 1992 and was its President from 1990 to 1991. He was also Minister of Health from 1991 to 1993 during the Alberto Fujimori government. He was born in Lima, Peru.

Paredes Guerra died in Lima on 26 January 2022, at the age of 77.

Minnesota House of Representatives

The Minnesota House of Representatives is the lower house of the Legislature of the U.S. state of Minnesota. There are 134 members, twice as many as the Minnesota Senate. Members are elected for two-year terms.

Dojčin Perazić

Dojčin Perazić (17 December 1945 – 25 January 2022) was a Montenegrin footballer. He played as a midfielder. Perazić was born in Cetinje, SR Montenegro, FPR Yugoslavia. His career began in 1965 and he retired in 1978. He played for FK Lovćen, Red Star Belgrade, NK Maribor, FK Vojvodina and ADO Den Haag.

Perazić died in Cetinje on 25 January 2022 at the age of 76.

Joseph T. O'Neill

Joseph Thomas O'Neill (November 11, 1931 – January 25, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. O'Neill was born in Saint Paul, Minnesota. He was in the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1967 to 1970 and in the Minnesota Senate from 1971 to 1976. O'Neill was a Republican.

O'Neill died on January 25, 2022 in Saint Paul at the age of 90.

Hiroyuki Konishi (politician)

Hiroyuki Konishi ( "Konishi Hiroyuki"; 19 October 1936 – 23 January 2022) was a Japanese politician. He was a member of the Democratic Socialist Party. He was in the House of Councillors from 1980 to 1992. He was born in Zentsūji, Japan.

Konishi died in Kure, Japan on 23 January 2022 from pneumonia at the age of 85.

Egon Schübeler

Egon Schübeler (4 September 1927 – 20 January 2022) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. He was in the Landtag of Schleswig-Holstein from 1967 to 1987. He was born in Flensburg, Schleswig-Holstein, Preussen, Germany.

Schübeler died on 20 January 2022 at the age of 94.

Jeffery Paul Chan

Jeffery Paul Chan (August 19, 1942 – January 11, 2022) was an American author and scholar. He was a professor of Asian American studies and English at San Francisco State University from 1967 until his retirement in 2005. Chan was born in Stockton, California. He helped edit the anthology of Asian American literature, "Aiiieeeee! An Anthology of Asian-American Writers".

Chan died of cancer on January 11, 2022 in San Rafael, California at the age of 79.

Wael el-Ebrashy

Wael el-Ebrashy (; 26 October 1963 – 9 January 2022) was an Egyptian journalist and television presenter. He was born in Sherbin, Egypt. Elebrashy started his career as a journalist in the magazine "Rose al-Yūsuf". He later worked as editor-in-chief of the newspaper "". He was a television talk show host for the private TV stations Dream TV and ON E channel.

In December 2020, el-Ebrashy was hospitalized with COVID-19 in Cairo and his lungs were damaged. He left the hospital in March 2021, but never recovered. el-Ebrashy died of respiratory failure on 9 January 2022 in Cairo, aged 58.

Ivory Aquino

Ivory Aquino is a Filipina-American actress. She is known for playing transgender activist Cecilia Chung in the 2017 miniseries "When We Rise". She was going to play Alysia Yeoh in the cancelled DC Extended Universe HBO Max movie "Batgirl".

Aquino was born in the Philippines, but spent most of her life in California. She is transgender. She is the niece of former President of the Philippines Corazon Aquino.

Alysia Yeoh

Alysia Yeoh is a fictional character created by writer Gail Simone for the "Batgirl" published by DC Comics. She is Barbara Gordon’s best friend and a transgender woman. She was seen as the first major transgender character written in a mainstream comic book. The first ever transgender wedding premiered in "Batgirl" #45.

The character was going to make her live-action movie debut in the DC Extended Universe movie "Batgirl", played by Ivory Aquino.

2 Phút Hơn

"2 Phút Hơn" (Meaning: Over two minutes) is a Vietnamese song made in 2020, released by Pháo and producer Masew. A remix of the song was made on November 28 2020 and got major popularity on app TikTok. this song is one of many Vietnamese songs to get popular on TikTok.

The "KAIZ" remix of the song was on a top 10 list from music app Spotify, and was the most asked song on app Shazam in December 2020.

Another remix of the song was made in 2021 with American rapper Tyga called "2 Phút Hơn (Make It Hot)"

William Proxmire

Edward William Proxmire (November 11, 1915 – December 15, 2005) was an American politician. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was a United States Senator from Wisconsin from 1957 to 1989, the longest term served by a Wisconsin senator.

Proxmire was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 1998. He died on December 15, 2005 in a nursing home in Sykesville, Maryland at the age of 90.

Sykesville, Maryland

Sykesville is a small town in Carroll County, Maryland, United States. The town is west of Baltimore and north of Washington D.C. The population was 4,316 at the 2020 census.

Robert M. La Follette Jr.

Robert Marion "Young Bob" La Follette Jr. (February 6, 1895 – February 24, 1953) was an American politician. He was a U.S. Senator from Wisconsin from 1925 to 1947. He was a son of U.S. Representative, U.S. Senator and Wisconsin Governor Robert M. La Follette Sr., and father of Wisconsin Attorney General Bronson La Follette. 

He was a co-founder of the Progressive Party. He lost to Joseph McCarthy in 1946.

Bronson La Follette

Bronson Cutting La Follette (February 2, 1936 – March 15, 2018) was an American Democratic lawyer and politician. He was the 36th and 39th Attorney General of the state of Wisconsin. He was an unsuccessful candidate for Governor of Wisconsin in 1968.

La Follette died on March 15, 2018 at the age of 82 at a hospital in Madison, Wisconsin.

Warren P. Knowles

Warren Perley Knowles III (August 19, 1908 – May 1, 1993), was an American lawyer and politician. He was the 36th Governor of Wisconsin. He was the 32nd and 34th Lieutenant Governor of Wisconsin.

Knowles died from a heart attack while at an event in Black River Falls, Wisconsin on May 1, 1993 at the age of 84.

Black River Falls, Wisconsin

Black River Falls is a city in and the county seat of Jackson County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 3,622 at the 2010 census.

Lee S. Dreyfus

Lee Sherman Dreyfus (pronounced "DRAY-fuss"; June 20, 1926 – January 2, 2008) was an American educator and politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was the 40th Governor of Wisconsin from January 4, 1979 to January 3, 1983.

Dreyfus died of respiratory failure caused by heart surgery on January 2, 2008 in Waukesha, Wisconsin at the age of 81.

Scott McCallum

James Scott McCallum (born May 2, 1950) is an American businessman and former politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. He was the 43rd Governor of Wisconsin between 2001 until 2003. He became governor after Tommy Thompson resigned in 2001 to accept appointment as U.S. Secretary of Health and Human Services. McCallum was Thompson's Lieutenant Governor, a role he served from 1987 until 2001. He lost his re-election bid in 2002 to Jim Doyle.

Elroy, Wisconsin

Elroy is a city in Juneau County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 1,442 at the 2010 census.

Mauston, Wisconsin

Mauston is a city in and the county seat of Juneau County, Wisconsin, United States. The population is 4,411 according to the 2010 census.

Grand Divisions of Tennessee

The Grand Divisions are three regions in the U.S. state of Tennessee. Each contains about one-third of the state's land area. Each is geographically, culturally, legally, and economically distinct. The Grand Divisions are legally recognized in the state constitution and state law and are represented on the Flag of Tennessee by the flag's three prominent stars.

The border between East Tennessee and Middle Tennessee is on the Cumberland Plateau. It was a major barrier to travel during much of the state's early history. It is close to the line between the Eastern and Central time zones. All but three counties of East Tennessee (Bledsoe, Cumberland, and Marion) are in the Eastern Time Zone. Middle and West Tennessee are entirely in the Central Time Zone. The reach of the Tennessee River that flows northward to Kentucky from Mississippi and Alabama marks the border between Middle and West Tennessee starting from the northern border of Hardin County. It is split down the middle by the Tennessee River but is located wholly in West Tennessee.

Samaire Armstrong

Samaire Rhys Armstrong ( ; born October 31, 1980) is an American actress and fashion designer. She is known for her roles in "Stay Alive", "The O.C.", "It's a Boy Girl Thing", and as Juliet Darling in the ABC television series, "Dirty Sexy Money".

Prescott Valley, Arizona

Prescott Valley is a town in Yavapai County, Arizona, United States. It is about east of Prescott. In 2020, 46,785 people lived here.

East Tennessee

East Tennessee is one of the three Grand Divisions of Tennessee. It is geographically and culturally distinct and comprises approximately the eastern third of the U.S. state of Tennessee. East Tennessee consists of 33 counties. 30 are located within the Eastern Time Zone and three counties in the Central Time Zone which includes Bledsoe, Cumberland, and Marion. East Tennessee is entirely located within the Appalachian Mountains, although the land area range from densely forested mountains to broad river valleys. The area has the major cities of Knoxville and Chattanooga which are Tennessee's third and fourth largest cities. It also has the Tri-Cities which is the state's sixth largest population center.

The Great Smoky Mountains National Park which was created in 1934, led to a tourism boom in Sevier and Blount counties, effectively converting the tiny mountain hamlets of Gatlinburg and Pigeon Forge into resort towns. Today, the Great Smoky Mountains National Park is the most visited national park in the United States, receiving more than 14 million visitors annually. The park also anchors a massive tourism industry in nearby Gatlinburg, Pigeon Forge, and Sevierville, which is the third-largest in the state. Some of these attractions Dollywood, the most visited ticketed attraction in Tennessee, Ober Gatlinburg, and Ripley's Aquarium of the Smokies.

The Appalachian Trail, one of the world's most known hiking trails which was was built in the mid-1930s and passes along the Tennessee-North Carolina border. Attractions in Chattanooga include the Tennessee Aquarium, the nation's largest freshwater aquarium. Knoxville hosted the 1982 World's Fair, which drew over 11 million visitors, making it one of the most popular world's fairs in history. The Sunsphere was built for this.

The area's major public universities are the University of Tennessee and East Tennessee State University in Johnson City. Private four-year institutions include Bryan College, Carson–Newman University, King University, Lee University, Lincoln Memorial University, Maryville College, Milligan College, Johnson University, Tennessee Wesleyan University, and Tusculum University. Several public community colleges and vocational/technical schools also are located in the region, such as Northeast State Community College in Blountville, Walters State Community College in Morristown, Pellissippi State Community College near Knoxville, Chattanooga State Community College, and Cleveland State Community College. The Tennessee College of Applied Technology has several campuses across the area.

The "Volunteers", or "Vols", are the region's most popular sports teams, and are a multimillion-dollar industry. The university's football team plays at Neyland Stadium, one of the nation's largest stadiums. Nearby is Thompson–Boling Arena. It has broken several attendance records for college men's and women's basketball.


Middle Tennessee

Middle Tennessee is one of the three Grand Divisions of the U.S. state of Tennessee that composes roughly the middle portion of the state. Middle Tennessee contains the state's capital and biggest city which is Nashville It also has Clarksville, the state's fifth-biggest city, and Murfreesboro, the state's sixth-biggest city and largest suburb of Nashville. The Nashville metropolitan area which is located entirely within the region, is the most populated metropolitan area in the state. The Clarksville metropolitan area is the state's sixth-most populous. Middle Tennessee is both the biggest, in terms of land area, and the most populated of the state's three Grand Divisions.

There are 41 counties in Middle Tennessee:

Constitution of Tennessee

The Constitution of the State of Tennessee defines the form, structure, activities, character, and basic rules of the U.S. State of Tennessee. It also contains how to change them.

The first constitution of Tennessee came into effect on June 1, 1796, concurrent with the state's admission to the Union. A second version of the constitution was adopted in 1835. A third constitution was adopted in 1870 and is the one still in use today, with new amendments.

On November 15, 1869 the Tennessee General Assembly called for an election to be held in December 1869 for two reasons. They are to determine if a constitutional convention should be called to amend or replace the 1835 constitution and to elect delegates to that convention if the voters determined that it was to be held. The voters decided for the convention, which began on January 10, 1870. The convention was finished on February 23, 1870, after adopting the constitution and recommending its approval by the voters in a special election It was conducted on March 26, 1870.
The document was mainly written as a response to the requirement for all ex-Confederate to adopt new constitutions clearly banning slavery. It contains many provisions that are holdovers from the two previous documents. It is much longer than the federal constitution but is not particularly long by the standards of state constitutions. This 1870 document stood unamended until 1953, which, according to the Tennessee Blue Book, was the longest period that any such document had remained in effect without amendment anywhere in the world. 


Nick Jr. Channel

The Nick Jr. Channel (sometimes shortened to Nick Jr.) is a television channel that is based on Nickelodeon's Nick Jr. block. It is run by Paramount Global. While the original block started in 1988, the separate channel started on September 28, 2009. It is made for preschoolers and it mostly plays shows that began on the Nickelodeon weekday block.

Since May 2018, the channel has been specially labeled "the Nick Jr. Channel on TV. This is to prevent confusion between the weekday block and the separate channel.


Launched on 1 September 1999 as the first full Nick Jr. channel. It aired from 6:00a.m. to 8:00p.m. Then in February 2002 a classic children's programming block called Nick Jr. Classics was launched, airing was also increased to 10:00p.m. After Nick Jr. Classics was removed, it began airing for 24 hours.

There is a similar service titled Nick Jr. Too. It launched in April 2002 as Nick Jr. 2, but the name was changed in November 2014.

Launched on March 2004. The Australian version includes some PBS Kids series like "WordWorld" and "Sid the Science Kid".

Similar to the US version. Launched on January 26, 2010. Name stylized as Nickelodeon Junior so it doesn't sound like a French swear word.

Launched on July 1, 2008, like US version it have the late Nick JR shows, name stylized as Nick JR.

Cambridgeshire Guided Busway

The Cambridgeshire Guided Busway, known locally as The Busway, connects Cambridge, Huntingdon and St Ives. It is in the English county of Cambridgeshire. It is the longest guided busway in the world, beating the O-Bahn Busway in Adelaide, South Australia.

Two guided sections make up of the route. The northern section uses the course of the old Cambridge and Huntingdon railway and it runs through the former stations of , and . The southern section uses some of the former Varsity Line to Oxford. It links Cambridge railway station, Addenbrooke's Hospital and the park and ride site at Trumpington, via housing on the Clay Farm site.

Services are ran by Stagecoach in Huntingdonshire and Whippet. These two companies are the only two that run services on the Busway. However, they had to run a regular service between 07:00 and 19:00 every day for exclusive rights to the Busway.

SKN St. Pölten (women)

SKN St. Pölten (women) is the women's team of SKN St. Pölten from the capital of Lower Austria, St. Pölten. It plays in the ÖFB-Frauenliga the top level of Austrian women's football.

ASV Spratzern was founded in 1920. 2006 they got a women's team. 2013 the team was renamed into FSK St. Pölten-Spratzern. 2015 they won the first title, which was defended the next year. In 2016 the team became part of SKN St. Pölten.[7] 


Roswell P. Flower Memorial Library

The Roswell P. Flower Memorial Library is a Library on the National Register of Historic Places in Watertown, New York. 

Birhanu Bekele

Major General Birhanu Bekele (full name: Berhanu Bekele Bedada) is the Ethiopian Major general who also serves as the head of the Republican Guard a special protection and operations unit inside the Ethiopian Ministry of Defense which is only obliged to the Prime Minister. He was a Brigadier General but later promoted to Major general on January 1, 2020.

The General has served years in the Ethiopian National Defense forces he came into the rank of Brigadier General. He later became a Major General on June 28, 2019, who is tasked with being also the Chief Commander of the Republican Guard. A group of specialists trained unit protecting high level country officials. The Major General had served as a colonel before becoming a brigadier general on February 3, 2018.

Cosmic Girl

"Cosmic Girl" is a Boeing 747-400 aircraft.

It was bought by Virgin Galactic in 2015.

When a LauncherOne launches from "Cosmic Girl" at high altitude, then that rocket can put a small satellite up to 300 kg (660 lb) (see satellite) payload into orbit.

RedOne

Nadir Khayat (; born 9 April 1972), better known by his stage name RedOne, is a Moroccan-Swedish singer, songwriter, record producer and record executive.

As a record producer and songwriter, he has worked with many high-profile recording artists, such as Ava Max, Lady Gaga, Akon, Michael Jackson, RBD, Now United, U2, Nicki Minaj, Jennifer Lopez, Nicole Scherzinger, Gru, Cross Gene, MIKA, Pitbull, Enrique Iglesias, Shakira, Wyclef Jean, Mariah Carey, Paulina Rubio, Mylène Farmer, Mohombi, Inna, Khaled, Alexandra Burke, Austin Mahone, One Direction, Marc Anthony, the Band Perry, Prince Royce, Rod Stewart, Usher and Saad Lamjarred, among many others. His production discography boasts many "Billboard" and international hits. RedOne has established his own record label named RedOne Records.
RedOne has been nominated for ten Grammy Awards, winning three. He was also awarded the Grammis Award for Producer of the Year, which is the Swedish version of the Grammy Awards. In 2009, he was the number one producer on the "Billboard" Hot 100. He ranked number three as songwriter and BMI Songwriter of the Year. Commonly, he makes songs in the pop, rock, R&B, house, hip hop, and dance music genres.


Javier Fernández Cabrera

Javier Fernández Cabrera Martín Peñato (born 4 October 1984) is a Spanish professional football coach. He currently manages the Bangladesh national football team. Cabrera is an UEFA Pro License Coach with wide experience in both professional and grassroots football projects. Cabrera also has a reputation as a football analyst. Cabrera has the experience of working as an expert analyst for Opta Sports and he also has a bachelor's degree in football as well as advertising and marketing.

Cabrera worked as a technical director and as an assistant coach for Indian side Sporting Clube de Goa, from 2013 to 2015. In 2016, he was appointed as the manager for Spanish club CF Rayo Majadahonda and spent a year coaching the team, before leaving the club in 2017. Moreover, he was the head coach of FC Barcelona Academy in Northern Virginia for 4 months in 2018. From 2018, Cabrera acted as the Elite Academy coach of La Liga side Deportivo Alavés, before being announced as the Bangladesh national football team head coach in 8 January 2022. 

On 19 January 2022, Cabrera finished his contract signing and was officially made the Bangladesh national football team head coach. Upon signing the contract, Cabrera's first task was to observe the training sessions of all the Bangladesh Premier League teams, in order to scout for new talents.

Estado Novo

Estado Novo means “New State” in Portuguese, it may refer to


West Tennessee

West Tennessee is one of the three Grand Divisions of the U.S. state of Tennessee. It is mostly the western part of the state. The area includes 21 counties between the Tennessee and Mississippi rivers. Its geography consists primarily of flat lands with rich soil and vast floodplain areas of the Mississippi River. Of the three regions, West Tennessee is the most sharply defined geographically, and is the lowest-lying. It is both the least populous and smallest by land area, of the three Grand Divisions. Its biggest city is Memphis, the state's second most populated city.

There are 21 counties in West Tennessee.

Garden City, Michigan

Garden City is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Gibraltar, Michigan

Gibraltar is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Grosse Pointe Farms, Michigan

Grosse Pointe Farms is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Grosse Pointe Park, Michigan

Grosse Pointe Park is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Harper Woods, Michigan

Harper Woods is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Lincoln Park, Michigan

Lincoln Park is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 40,245 people lived there.

Melvindale, Michigan

Melvindale is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Plymouth, Michigan

Plymouth is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

River Rouge, Michigan

River Rouge is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Riverview, Michigan

Riverview is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Rockwood, Michigan

Rockwood is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Romulus, Michigan

Romulus is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Fireman Sam

Fireman Sam (Welsh: "Sam Tân") is a Welsh/British animated children's television series about a fireman named Sam and his fellow firefighters who work in the Pontypandy Fire Station, and other residents in a fictional Welsh rural village called Pontypandy (a portmanteau of two real towns, Pontypridd and Tonypandy). The first five series of the show were animated in stop motion, but starting with the sixth series onwards, the show is completely animated in CGI.
The original idea for the series came from two former firemen from London, who took their idea to artist and writer Rob Lee who developed the concept, and the show was commissioned. The series first appeared in Welsh on S4C on 15 September 1987, and two months later in English on BBC One on 17 November.











Office of the Prime Minister (Ethiopia)

The Office of the Prime Minister (PMO), in Ethiopia, is a cabinet level government organization. The job of this group is to watch over all government agencies, This incudes the Ministry of Peace which itself watches dozens of other government agencies. It has direct control of the Republican Guard, The Guard is a part of the Ministry of Defense but takes orders by the PMO.

Ministry of Peace

The Ministry of Peace is a government cabinet level agency in Ethiopia. The job of the agency is to supervise many law enforcement government agencies. These agencies include the federal police and the NISS. Binalf Andualem became the Minister of the Ministry of Peace on October 6, 2021.

Uperodon nagaoi

The Nagao's pug-snout frog or Nagao's globular frog ("Uperodon nagaoi") is a frog that lives in Sri Lanka. Scientists have seen it about 125 meters above sea level. They sometimes live with tarantula spiders.

The adult male frog is 26.4 to 28.8 mm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 27.4 to 31.5 mm long.

This frog is dark brown in color, both on its back and on its belly. It has yellow spots on its face. It has red-orange spots on its nose, back, belly and legs. There are red-orange stripes on its back legs. Young frogs are darker in color than older frogs.

This frog lives in holes in trees. It can live in those holes by itself or with tarantula spiders. It can live with either of two species in the genus "Poecilotheria": "Poecilotheria ornata" or "Poecilotheria fusca". It is mutualistic symbiosis. This means that the frogs help the tarantulas and the tarantulas help the frogs. When frogs and tarantulas live together, animals that want to eat the frog see or smell the tarantula and stay away. The frog eats insects that can be parasites on the tarantula or insects that eat the tarantula's eggs.

This species is named after Mr. Eijiro Nagao. Mr. Nagao was President of Japan's Marusan Securities Co. Ltd. The Nagao Environmental Foundation gave scientists the money to study amphibians in Sri Lanka.

Spanish Braille

Spanish Braille is the adaptation of the Braille witing system to Spanish and Galician. 

Asian University of Bangladesh

Asian University of Bangladesh, in short AUB () is a private university in Bangladesh. It was established on 4 January 1996 by the Private University Act 1992. The AUB permanent campus is at Ashulia. The university is affiliated by University Grants Commission (Bangladesh).

Asian University of Bangladesh has two own campuses. 
The city campus is located next to the BNS Center in Uttara. The campus has a cafeteria, a car park and a conference room. Address: House # 9, Road # 5, Sector # 7, Uttara, Dhaka - 1230.

The permanent campus of the university is located on Bangabandhu Road in Tongabari area of ​​Ashulia Police Station, Dhaka. It is known as the “Green Campus” because of the huge permanent campus spread over green trees and grass. The university has a large playground for various types of games and a hall room for all kinds of official and cultural events. The permanent campus has a playground, cafeteria, golf course, girls and boys hostel and other facilities. Address: Permanent Campus Tongabari Bangabandhu Road, Ashulia, Dhaka.






Uncharted (movie)

Uncharted is a 2022 action-adventure movie, based on the "Uncharted" series of video games by Naughty Dog. The movie sets several years before the events in the first game called "", Nathan Drake main portagonist of the video game with his partner Victor "Sully" Sulvan must go-up against s whealthy, ruthlest treasure hunter and his mercenarise in other to claim a lost fortune in gold from the voyages of Magellan, while also tracking clues that may lead to Drake's long-lost brother, Samuel "Sam" Drake.

"Uncharted" released on February 18, 2022 in the United States. Staring; Tom Holland, Mark Wahlberg, Antonio Banderas

in supporting roles. It also serves as a prequel to to the Uncharted video games.


Kolkata Derby

The Kolkata Derby, locally known as "Boro Match" (or 'Big Match' in Bangla), is a football match in Kolkata. It is between East Bengal (Emami East Bengal or East Bengal FC from 2022 – Present) and Mohun Bagan (ATK Mohun Bagan from 2020– Present). In January 2020, Kolkata based Indian Super League club ATK merged with the football department of Mohun Bagan to become ATK Mohun Bagan.The rivalry between these two teams is almost 100 years old.In 2022 Emami became the investor of East Bengal.

East Bengal - Red and Yellow (gold)

Mohun Bagan - Maroon and Green (Deep Green)






SK Sturm Graz (women)

Sportklub Sturm Graz is an Austrian football club from Graz, Styria. The club was started in 1909 but the women's section was started in 2011. Sturm Graz (women section) plays in the ÖFB-Frauenliga, the highest league in women's football in Austria.
The club was founded in 2011 after taking over FC Stattegg's women's team. They started in the 2nd Women's League East. In the 2012-13 season they were promoted to the ÖFB Frauenliga. 2015/16 the finished 2nd and qualified for the UEFA Women's Champions League .


Norderney

Norderney is one of the East Frisian Islands off the North Sea coast of Germany. It belongs to the municipality of the district of Aurich in Lower Saxony.

The island has a total area of and making it the ninth-largest island in Germany. It has about 6,000 people. On the northern side of the island is a long sandy beach.

The neighbouring island to the east is Baltrum, which is about 800m away. To the west is the island of Juist, about away.


Bettrechies

Bettrechies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 255 people lived there.


Bauvin

Bauvin is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 5,131 people lived there.


Bavay

Bavay () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 3,295 people lived there.


Bas-Lieu

Bas-Lieu is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 345 people lived there.


Bavinchove

Bavinchove is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 983 people lived there.


Steenvoorde

Steenvoorde () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 4,388 people lived there.


Sliven

Sliven () is a city in Bulgaria. It is the capital of Sliven Province. In 2011, 91,620 people lived there.

Sliven is famous for its Bulgarian haiduts who fought against the Ottoman Turks in the 19th century.

Dogville

Dogville is a 2003 Danish German Faroese Finnish French British Norwegian Dutch Italian American Japanese Swedish Greenlandic drama movie directed by Lars von Trier and starring Nicole Kidman, Lauren Bacall, James Caan, Paul Bettany, John Hurt, Patricia Clarkson, Chloë Sevigny, Udo Kier, Stellan Skarsgård, Ged Simmons.


Raid: Shadow Legends

Raid: Shadow Legends is a free mobile game developed and published by Israeli game developer Plarium Games. It was released for computers on January 21, 2020.

"Raid: Shadow Legends" is a fantasy-themed role-playing game. The game's story takes place in the fictional realm of Teleria. Players take the role of an ancient warrior resurrected to defeat the Dark Lord and restore peace to the area. Players must assemble an army for battles. Throughout the game, players accumulate a currency called "Shards".

African immigration to the United States

African immigration to the United States refers to immigrants to the United States who are or were nationals of modern African countries. The term African in the scope of this article refers to geographical or national origins rather than racial affiliation. Between the Immigration and Nationality Act of 1965 and 2017 the African born population in the United States grew to 2.1 million people.

Pleven

Pleven () is a city in northern Bulgaria. About 100,000 people lived there.

The city is known for the siege of Plevna of 1877 and is a economic center.

Altamura

Altamura is an Italian city in the Apulia Region. The city is southwest of Bari. It is close to the border with Basilicata. , Altamura has about 70,500 inhabitants.

The city is known for its traditional bread called Pane di Altamura.

Rubi Rose

Rubi Rose (born October 2, 1997) is an American rapper and model.

Tinashe

Tinashe Jorgensen Kachingwe (born February 6, 1993) is an American singer. 

Coi Leray

Coi Leray Collins (born May 11, 1997) is an American rapper and singer. 
Leray has released two mixtapes: "Everythingcoz" in 2018 and "EC2" (2019). Her debut extended play, "Now or Never", was released in 2020. In 2021, the remix of her single, "No More Parties" (featuring Lil Durk), reached the top 40 on the "Billboard" Hot 100. It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA). In 2022, Leray released her first studio album "Trendsetter". The album has her collaborative single with Nicki Minaj, "Blick Blick". This also reached the top 40 of the "Billboard" Hot 100.

Tri-Cities, Tennessee

The Tri-Cities is the area with the cities of Kingsport, Johnson City, and Bristol. It also includes the smaller towns and communities around it in Northeast Tennessee and Southwest Virginia. All three cities are located in Northeast Tennessee, while Bristol has a twin city of the same name in Virginia. It is the 6th biggest Combined Statistical Area (CSA) in Tennessee by the number of people living in it.






Canadian food

Canadian food is the cuisine of Canada.

Flag of Iowa

The flag of the state of Iowa is a vertical tricolor flag designed by Mrs. Dixie Cornell Gebhardt in 1917. Iowa legislators officially adopted the flag in 1921.

Culture of Canada

The culture of Canada includes the artistic, culinary, literary, humor, musical, political and social elements that represent Canadians. Throughout Canada's history, its culture has been influenced by European culture and traditions, mostly by the British and French. It was also affected by its own indigenous cultures.

Charadrahyla chaneque

The fairy tree frog ("Charadrahyla chaneque") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 800 and 2200 meters above sea level.

Heater

A heater is a device that is made to heat an area. It can do this through different forms of heat.




Amjadi Bano

Amjadi Bano was the wife of Molana Muhammad Ali Johar. She worked for Muslims. She also played very important role in Pakistan Resolution.
She was also member of the Pakistan resolution committee.

2022 Miami Dolphins season

The 2022 season will be the Miami Dolphins' 53rd in the National Football League (NFL) and their first under a new head coach, after the firing of Brian Flores at the end of the 2021 season.

Listed below are the Dolphins' opponents for 2022. Exact dates and times will be announced in the spring.

2022 NFL season

The 2022 NFL season was the 103rd season of the National Football League (NFL). The season began on September 8, 2022 and ended on January 8, 2023. The playoffs happened on January 14 and concluded with Super Bowl LVII, the league's championship game, on February 12.

Ethiopian National Defense Force

The Ethiopian National Defense Force (ENDF) is the army of the country of Ethiopia. It is led by the Ministry of Defense of Ethiopia.

The army of Ethiopia has existed for more than a hunderd years. However, its current form, the ENDF, has only been around since 1996.

The number of soldiers is 162,000, about the same as country of Austria.

The leader of the ENDF is Abiy Ahmed.

INSA Strasbourg

Institut national des sciences appliquées de Strasbourg is an engineering graduate school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Strasbourg (Eastern France).

Its curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and German languages. Students from many nations study at INSA Strasbourg.



Game of Death

Game of Death () is a 1978 Hong Kong action movie directed by Robert Clouse. The "Bruce Lee" character, "Billy Lo" is archive footage of "Hai Tien" in "The Game of Death (1972)". 11 minutes and 7 seconds from by "The Game of Death" (1972). The 1978 version uses portions of the original footage married to an entirely new plot. Starring with Sammo Hung, Kim Tai-jong and Yuen Biao, Gig Young, Dean Jagger, Colleen Camp, Robert Wall, Hugh O'Brian, Dan Inosanto (the only actor to have starred in both versions: Pascal + 1972 archive footage), Mel Novak and Casanova Wong. Distributed by "Golden Harvest".




Royal Netherlands Air Force

The Royal Netherlands Air Force (RNLAF) is the air force of the Netherlands.

The Air Force was founded in the year 1913. The aerobatic display team was active from 1979 to 2019, named the Solo Display Team.

The Dutch Air Force started on 1 July 1913 at Soesterberg airfield with 4 pilots. When it started it only had 1 aircraft, the "brik."

Only a few months later 3 French Farman HF.20.

But these airplanes where fast to old and was replaced with the Nieuport and Caudron.

The Netherlands stayed neutral during World War I.

New airfields where build at Gilze-Rijen air base, Arnhem, Venlo and Vlissingen.

The Dutch goverment cut the defence budget for the army and the army was almost gone.

As political tensions in Europe increased in the late 1930s the goverment tried to rebuild the army in 1938.

In August of 1939 the army was ready. But because of low budget the air force only operated

176 combat aircraft of the types:


In May of 1940 German troops invade the Netherlands. Within five days the Dutch Army was defeated by the luftwaffe.

All of the Brigade's bombers, along with 30 Fokker D.XXI and 17 Fokker G.I fighters where shot down; 2 D.XXI and 8 G.I where destroyed on the ground.

2 G.I where captured by the German forces.


The Indonesian government claimed Western New Guinea following the end of the Second World War. The Dutch government considered the area Dutch territory. Negotiations over the country were conducted for years, but tensions grew until Indonesia broke diplomatic relations with the Netherlands at the end of the 1950s.

In response, in 1958, the Netherlands deployed military reinforcements to New Guinea, including an Air Force detachment for the air defense of the island "Biak" as there was evidence that Indonesia was infiltrating the island in advance of a military operation


The Dutch government deployed a squadron consisting of 12 Hawker Hunter Mk.4 AD fighters and two Alouette II SAR helicopters. They were transported to Southeast Asia by the "Karel Doorman". One year later the Dutch government deployed another 12 Hawker Hunter Mk6 AD fighters; these aircraft carried more fuel and had a larger combat radius.

In August 1962 Indonesia was ready to attack New Guinea. Despite reinforcements the Dutch defences would be insufficient to withstand the coming attack. Therefore, and because of international political pressure the Dutch government was forced to agree to the peaceful surrender of New Guinea. Dutch forces were withdrawn from the territory.

During the cold war Dutch Air Force flying units were integrated in NATO's Second Allied Tactical Air Force tasked with defending northern West Germany against Warsaw Pact forces.


In 1992 Ypenburg Air Base closed. After the USAF handed over their section of Soesterberg in September 1994, Soesterberg then became a RNLAF transport helicopter base with 298 Squadron

(CH-47D Chinook) and 300 Squadron (AS 532U2 Cougar Mk2 and SA 316 Alouette III) stationed at the base.

RNLAF F-16s participated in all operations over Yugoslavia from 1993: Deny Flight, including Deliberate Force in 1995 and ending with Operation Allied Force in 1999 from two bases in Italy. Initially from Villafranca AB in the north of Italy, later moving south to Amendola AB. During the operations over FRY RNLAF F-16s flew reconnaissance (306 Sqn detachments from Volkel AB were in theatre throughout the operations), enforced the Bosnian no-fly zone, dropped bombs on Udbina AB (1994), successfully dropped an unguided bomb on a moving Serb tank during the fall of Srebrenica (1995), and took part in Deliberate Force later in the summer of 1995.

Between 1994 and 1997 Dutch GCI personnel, along with Canadian GCI controllers, provided many hundreds of hours of fighter control and surveillance as integrated members of USAF/ANG Air Control Squadrons. In May 1999 during the Kosovo crisis a RNLAF F-16AM pilot Major Peter Tankink shot down a Yugoslavian MiG-29 with an AMRAAM, but the force was more recognized for its high bombing accuracy. Allied Force was also the operational debut for the upgraded F-16AM. Besides the CAP missions, offensive bombing and photo reconnaissance missions were flown. KDC-10 tankers refuelled allied aircraft over the Adriatic Sea, and C-130 Hercules transports flew daily sorties from Eindhoven AB to logistically support the operation. Dutch F-16s also dropped cluster bombs on Niš. In total, RNLAF aircraft flew 1,194 sorties during operation Allied Force, which is about 7.5% of the total 37,000 sorties flown.

On 2 October 2002 a tri-national detachment of 18 Dutch, Danish and Norwegian F-16 ground attack aircraft and one Dutch KDC-10 tanker deployed to Manas Air Base in Kyrgyzstan in support of ground forces in Afghanistan as part of Operation Enduring Freedom. On 1 October 2003 the Dutch F-16 detachment returned to the Netherlands and the KDC-10 returned even earlier (1 April 2003). The RNLAF returned to Manas AB on 8 September 2004 with five F-16 and one KDC-10 in support of the presidential elections of Afghanistan. This time the aircraft flew under the NATO ISAF flag. On 24 March 2005 the whole Dutch detachment transferred from Manas AB to Kabul International Airport. A detachment of six AH-64D Apache helicopters were already stationed at Kabul International Airport from April 2004 until March 2005.

In February 2006 four Dutch F-16s were joined by four Royal Norwegian Air Force F-16s in a detachment known as the 1st Netherlands-Norwegian European Participating Forces Expeditionary Air Wing (1 NLD/NOR EEAW). This was a follow up of the participation with the Belgian Air Force.

As part of the expanded NATO ISAF mission in southern Afghanistan in August 2006, the Royal Netherlands Air Force had three CH-47D Chinook of 298 Sq stationed at Kandahar Airfield. On 12 November 2006 eight F-16s transferred from Kabul International Airport to Kandahar Airfield, Additionally, a detachment of six (later four) AH-64D Apache helicopters had been stationed of Tarin Kowt, Uruzgan province. The CH-47D Chinooks of 298 sq rotated with Cougars from 300 sq. All helicopters together with a few F-16s returned to the Netherlands in November 2010. The other four F-16s transferred from Kandahar Airfield to Mazar-e-Sharif International Airport in November 2011. The F-16 flight, providing Close Air Support for ground forces and Recce Flights (specialised in counter-ied's), ended their mission officially on 1 July 2014.

On 31 August 2006 a Royal Netherlands Air Force (Michael "Sofac" Donkervoort) pilot was killed when his plane crashed during a mission to support British ground troops in Helmand province.

On 7 December 2007 military use of Twente Air Base ceased. The aerodrome is now known as Enschede Airport Twente. Flying officially ended at Soesterberg Air Base on 12 November 2008. The last jet ever to take off was a Hellenic AF F-4E. The base formally closed on 31 December 2008. The 298th and 300th squadron have been moved to Gilze-Rijen Air Base. A part of the base remains in use as a glider field, however. Also, the former USAFE side will be in use by ground units Relocated from Kamp van Zeist and will be called "Camp New Amsterdam". Finally, the AF museum (Royal Netherlands Military Aviation Museum) returned to the base and will use most of the existing hangars.

In 2013 the Royal Netherlands Air Force provided Strategic Airlift Support with a KDC-10 in support of French operations in Mali.

The RNLAF was hit hard by the Dutch defence cuts after the 2008 financial crisis. 311 Squadron was disbanded in September 2012, leaving four squadrons of F-16s, and one DC-10 Transport Aircraft was disposed of.

In October 2014 the Netherlands Air Force joined the US and its Allies fighting ISIL, deploying eight F-16s (of which two are in reserve) to Jordan.

On 31 October 2014 323 Tactess squadron (F-16) disbanded and its aircraft and personnel were merged into 322 Squadron. The following Wednesday (5 November) the squadron reformed in the US as the RNLAF's first Joint Strike Fighter unit.

303 Squadron (Agusta Bell AB 412SP) provided search and rescue within Dutch Flight Information Region) until 1 January 2015 when the unit was disbanded.

As per 2017 the Air Defence – Quick Reaction Force of two F-16 fighters are integrated for Belgian, Dutch and Luxembourg airspace and rotated between Dutch and Belgian ADF squadrons.

From 2014 The Royal Netherlands Air Force provided eight F-16s in support of the coalition fighting IS. The aircraft were initially deployed in Iraq and later Syria. The mission was handed over to the Belgian Air Force in July 2016 after more than 2100 missions were flown, with weapons used over 1800 times. The Royal Netherlands Air Force contributed extensively to the missions flown by the coalition forces and were in high demand.

Since 2017 RNLAF KDC-10 and C-130 Hercules are deployed to an airfield in the Middle East to assist the USA led coalition in Operation Inherent Resolve.

In January 2018 the Dutch F-16s returned to the Middle East for a year-long deployment.

In the country of the Netherlands there are 11 air bases. They are.


Amr Zaki

Amr Hassan Zaki (; born 1 April 1983) is an Egyptian retired professional footballer who played as a striker.

ENPPI

Zamalek

Egypt

Individual


Trostberg

Trostberg () is a town in Traunstein, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Alz, 19 km northwest of Traunstein.

Cheslie Kryst

Cheslie Corrinne Kryst (April 28, 1991 – January 30, 2022) was an American beauty queen and television presenter. She won Miss USA in 2019. She also represented the United States in Miss Universe. Kryst was born in Jackson, Michigan. From 2019 until her death, she was a presenter for the television show "Extra".

Kryst, aged 30, jumped off from her New York City apartment building on January 30, 2022.

Übersee

Übersee is a municipality in Traunstein in upper Bavaria, Germany. It is on the south shore of lake Chiemsee.

Übersee is in the Chiemgau, more accurately at the northern entrance to the Achental (Achen Valley), the valley of the river Tiroler Achen which has its origin in Tyrol, Austria. Said river also marks most of the eastern border between Übersee and Grabenstätt, before flowing into lake Chiemsee. The area around the river mouth belongs to Übersee.

The village is mostly on flat land, with the only major elevation being the Westerbuchberg, one of the southernmost parts of Übersee.

The second stream flowing through the village is the Überseer Bach which has its origin in Grassau, south of Übersee. The smaller stream marks an east-bound border between Übersee, Bernau and the Chiemseemoos, while still flowing entirely within the area of Übersee.

Through the neighbourhood of Feldwies, Übersee is connected to the shore of lake Chiemsee, the largest lake in Bavaria.

Übersee is divided into 36 small neighbourhoods:

Übersee's neighbouring municipalities (clockwise from the north-east) are: Grabenstätt, Staudach-Egerndach, Grassau and Bernau am Chiemsee.

Unterwössen

Unterwössen is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Vachendorf

Vachendorf is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

The municipality of Vachendorf has 17 districts.:

Spielwang

Spielwang is a small village within the municipality of Vachendorf in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

It is not far away from the Chiemsee.

Waging am See

Waging am See (officially: "Waging a. See") is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany. The town, well-known as a climatic spa, is at the Waginger See, the warmest lake in Upper Bavaria, with temperatures up to 27 °C.

Waging is west of the Waginger See. The name "am See" ("on the lake") is somewhat confusing: due to the lowering of the Tiroler Achen river, which comes from the southern end of the lake near the town of Petting, the water level declined about in 1867, which led to Waging being away from the waterside.

Wonneberg

Wonneberg is a municipality in Traunstein in Bavaria, Germany.

Amberg, Swabia

Amberg is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Türkheim.

Apfeltrach

Apfeltrach is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Dirlewang.

Babenhausen, Bavaria

Babenhausen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. It is seat of a municipal association with Egg an der Günz, Kettershausen, Kirchhaslach, Oberschönegg and Winterrieden.


Bad Grönenbach

Bad Grönenbach is a market town in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. It belongs to the region of Upper Swabia and the headquarters of the community association of the same name.

Upper Swabia

Upper Swabia ( or ) is a region in Germany in the states of Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria. The name refers to the area between the Swabian Jura, Lake Constance and the Lech. Its equivalent is Lower Swabia ("Niederschwaben"), the region around Heilbronn.

The region of Upper Swabia is in the central south of Germany containing of the south-east of Baden-Württemberg and the south-west Bavarian Swabia region and is on the Iller-Lech Plateau, also known as the Upper Swabian Plain, one of the natural regions of Germany. The landscape of Upper Swabia is quite hilly rising from about 458 metres above sea level in the valley of the river Danube to 833 metres above sea level in the south-west of Upper Swabia only to decrease again to 395 meters above sea level at Lake Constance. The European watershed also passes through the region, with some rivers releasing into the Danube (ultimately flowing into the Black Sea) and others releasing into Lake Constance (ending in the North Sea).

Upper Swabia is still a rural area dominated by villages. The urban population is concentrated in the cities of Friedrichshafen, Ravensburg & Weingarten and Biberach an der Riß as well as Memmingen and Günzburg.

Upper Swabia is part of the Tübingen, a being a sub-division of a federal state.

The following districts are wholly or partially part of Upper Swabia:




Hohbäumle

Hohbäumle is a mountain of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Underground (1995 movie)

Underground ( / "Podzemlje") is a 1995 international black comedy movie directed by Emir Kusturica and starring Miki Manojlović, Lazar Ristovski, Mirjana Joković, Slavko Štimac, Ernst Stötzner, Srđan Todorović.


Lebanon, Oregon

Lebanon ( ) is a city in Linn County, Oregon, United States. The population was 18,447 at the 2020 census.

Carla Borelli

Carla Borelli (born October 12, 1942) is an American actress. Borelli played Lisa Vincent in "The Betty White Show" on CBS (1977-1978). From 1979 to 1982, Borelli played the part of Reena Bellman Cook Dekker on the daytime soaps "Another World" and "Texas". 

Borelli was married to the actor Donald May until his death in 2022.

Hans-Peter Lanig

Hans-Peter Lanig (7 December 1935 – 28 January 2022) was a German alpine skier. He competed for the United Team of Germany in the 1956 Winter Olympics and in the 1960 Winter Olympics, winning a silver medal in 1960. He was born in Bad Hindelang, Bavaria, Germany. 

Lanig died on 28 January 2022, at the age of 86.

Bernard Quilfen

Bernard Quilfen (20 April 1949 – 29 January 2022) was a French professional road bicycle racer. He won a stage in the 1977 Tour de France. Quilfen was born in Argenteuil, Val-d'Oise, France. He led the Cofidis team from the 1997 Tour de France.

Quilfen died on 29 January 2022, at the age of 72.

Gerd Schädlich

Gerd Schädlich (30 December 1952 – 29 January 2022) was a German football player and manager. He was most known for managing East German professional teams Erzgebirge Aue and Chemnitzer FC. His playing career lasted from 1972 until 1976 and he only played for Chemnitzer. His managing career lasted from 1978 until 2013. Schädlich was born in Rodewisch, then-East Germany.

Schädlich died after a long illness on 29 January 2022, at the age of 69.

Freddy Thielemans

Freddy Thielemans (11 September 1944 – 29 January 2022) was a Belgian socialist politician. He was the mayor of the City of Brussels from 2001 to 2013. He was mayor before, for a short time in 1994. Thielemans was born in Brussels. 

Thielemans died on 29 January 2022 in Brussels from problems caused by a fall he had in 2016, aged 77.

Leonid Kuravlyov

Leonid Vyacheslavovich Kuravlyov (; 8 October 1936 – 30 January 2022) was a Russian actor. He became a People's Artist of the RSFSR in 1976. His best known roles were in "Seventeen Moments of Spring", "The Meeting Place Cannot Be Changed" and "Private Detective, or Operation Cooperation".

Kuravlyov died from pneumonia caused by dementia at a Moscow hospital on 30 January 2022, at the age of 85.

Viktor Merezhko

Viktor Ivanovich Merezhko (; 28 July 1937 – 30 January 2022) was a Russian director, producer, playwright, actor, screenwriter, and television presenter. He was awarded the honorary title People's Artist of the Russian Federation in 2014. His best known works were "Family Relations", "Flights in Dreams and Reality" and "Assia and the Hen with the Golden Eggs". Merezhko was born in Rostov Oblast, then-Soviet Union.

Merezhko died on 30 January 2022 at a Moscow hospital from problems caused by COVID-19, aged 84.


S. K. Paramasivan

Sinniampalayam Kumaraswamy Paramasivan (26 February 1919 – 30 January 2022) was an Indian politician and agriculturist. He was a member of Lok Sabha, the lower house of the Parliament of India between 1962 and 1967. Paramasivan was born in Chinniampalayam, Erode, British Raj. He was a member of the Indian National Congress.

Paramasivan died on 30 January 2022 in Tiruchengode, Tamil Nadu, India from cardiopulmonary arrest at the age of 102.

Dmitry Kharatyan

Dmitry Kharatyan PAR (born Dmitry Vadimovich Kharatyan () 21 January 1960) is a Russian actor. He is of Armenian descent. His first movie role was in Vladimir Menshov's "Practical Joke" in 1977.

In March 2014, he signed a letter in support of President Vladimir Putin actions on Crimea.

Carlos Gutierrez

Carlos Miguel Gutierrez (originally Gutiérrez; born November 4, 1953) is a Cuban-born American businessman and politician. He was the United States Secretary of Commerce from 2005 until 2009 during the George W. Bush presidency. He is the Co-Founder and Executive Chairman of EmPath.

Gutierrez is a former Chairman of the Board and CEO of the Kellogg Company. 

In August 2016, Gutierrez supported Hillary Clinton for president and criticized Donald Trump's economic plans. In 2020, he supported Joe Biden for president.

3D video game

A 3D video game is a style of game set in 3 dimensions or modeled using 3D graphics. There are several types of 3D video games:


The Manchurian Candidate (1962 movie)

The Manchurian Candidate is a 1962 American thriller movie directed by John Frankenheimer and was based on the 1959 novel of the same name by Richard Condon. It stars Frank Sintara, Laurence Harvey, Janet Leigh, Angela Lansbury, James Gregory, Henry Silva, Leslie Parrish, Albert Paulsen, Barry Kelley and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 2 Academy Awards in 1963.


Nokia E71

Nokia E71 was an Nokia E series mobile phone developer of Nokia Corporation. It was announced on June 2008 at Mobile World Congress and release on July 4, 2008. Nokia E71 was successor like Nokia E72 after release on October 1, 2009.

In June 1, 2008. Mobile World Congress announced they will be release new Nokia E series mobile phone but it was not similar to Nokia 6300. In June 13, 2008. In The New York Times was wrote <nowiki>"Nokia E71 is coming, thanks for support"</nowiki> public on June 15, 2008.

In June 25, 2008. Nokia announced this new Nokia E series mobile phone was name is <nowiki>"</nowiki>"Nokia E71"<nowiki>"</nowiki>, with the new keyboard on Nokia E71 after announced on June 30.

In July 4, 2008. Nokia E71 was release of worldwide.

In May 17, 2011, another website of BBC News or MSN was announced of the discontinued of Nokia E71 on September 10, 2011 because was no longer after release in July 2008. Nokia E71 was ended sales on June 19, 2011 and discontinued in United Kingdom and Canada on August 16, 2011. In September 10, 2011. Nokia E71 has discontinued of worldwide.

After Nokia E71 discontinued, in October 2011. Nokia announced they will be release the next phone after Nokia E71 was ended of support. Nokia E71 website was public on WayBack Machine on July 4, 2012.


Monaghan

Monaghan is a town in Ireland. It is the county town of County Monaghan. It is the biggest town in the county. Around 7000 people live there. The town is on the N2 road. 

Spanish Mathematical Olympiad

The Spanish Mathematical Olympiad is a competition in Spain.

Mathematical Olympiad in Navarra is the district phase of the Spanish Mathematical Olympiad in Navarre.

It has been held continuously since 1992, under the supervision of professor Gustavo Ochoa.

Each year, classified students from Aragon, La Rioja and Navarra compete in a tournament called ""Triangular de matemáticas"", which is held in one of the 3 communities each year, between January and March.


Yellowbelly voiceless tree frog

The yellowbelly voiceless tree frog or yellow-bellied voiceless tree frog ("Charadrahyla altipotens") is a frog that lives in the Sierra Madre del Sur mountains in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 1100 and 1900 meters above sea level in cloud forests and pine-oak forests.

The adult male frog is about 68.8 to 75.1 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 69.4 to 75.3 mm long. This frog is light brown, light green, or dark green in color on its back. This frog can change color and look dark brown. This frog can have dark green or brown spots. It can have dark bars across its legs. There is a light brown stripe above its mouth. There are two stripes from its mouth to its eyes over its head. On the sides, this frog is light yellow in color. The webbing between its toes is yellow-tan. The belly and throat are yellow. The iris of the eye is copper in color.

Tadpoles are dark brown in color with gold marks on the belly. Young frogs are reddish in color with stripes.

This frog does not have vocal sacs or vocal slits, so scientists think it does not sing or croak, not even when the frogs look for mates.

This frog lays eggs during the time of year when there is less rain. The female frog lays eggs in streams. The tadpoles grow during the rainy season.

This frog is in danger of dying out. Both the IUCN Red List and the government of Mexico say this frog is endangered.

It is in danger because of sickness and because human beings change the places where it lives. Human beings cut down trees for wood and to build cities. Also, the chemicals that human beings use to kill pests and make crops grow can kill this frog. Pollution can also kill this frog.

The Latin name of this frog "altipotens" means "very powerful." Scientists named it this because the male frogs have large sex organs.

APS

APS may refer to:

Bolivian bleating frog

The Bolivian bleating frog ("Hamptophryne boliviana") is a frog that lives in Bolivia but also Venezuela, Peru, French Guiana, Guyana, Suriname, Brazil, Ecuador, and Colombia. It lives in the Amazon River Basin. They sometimes live with tarantula spiders.

The adult male frog is about 3.2 cm long from nose to rear end. The adult female frog is 3.2 to 3.8 cm long.

This frog is mostly brown with a white or pale belly. The brown color on its back is much lighter in color than the skin on the sides of its head and body. There is a medium-brown pattern on the middle of its back. This frog looks like a dead leaf.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. It mostly stays on the ground instead of climbing trees like a tree frog or staying the water like a swimming frog. It mostly stays in primary forest, though people sometimes see it in secondary forest or near the edges of forests. People see them sitting on small plants.

This frog has many young at once. The male frogs go to ponds where the water is not deep. They go to ponds that are there all year and to ponds that dry up for part of the year. The male frogs sing together for the females. Some females can lay more than 2000 eggs at one time.

The tadpoles are about 3.0 cm long.

This frog mostly eats ants, but it will also eat beetles, earwigs, termites, other mites, and larvae.

Tarantulas can eat this frog. So can the toad "Ceratophrys cornuta".

This frog sometimes lives with tarantula spiders in the species "Xenesthis immanis". Scientists think that the frogs eat ants that would eat the tarantula's eggs.

This species is named after Mr. Eijiro Nagao. Mr. Nagao was President of Japan's Marusan Securities Co. Ltd. The Nagao Environmental Foundation gave scientists the money to study amphibians in Sri Lanka.

Glenwood High School, Glenrothes

The building originally opened in 1962 and was fully renovated and extended in 1982. These renovations included adding on a second building known as the H block by pupils and staff. The schools has modern facilities such as a well equipped Library and Information Centre; modern gym facilities including a games hall, gymnasium, swimming pool, fitness suite and dance studio. There are also extensive playing fields and a blaze pitch. There are also purpose built Theatre Arts facilities including a purpose built suite of music rooms and a primary Drama Studio. The school also has eight computer rooms including 2 WiFi rooms (added in 2013). In February 2008 the school completed works to allow for disabled access by fitting lifts and ramps into the original main block and the H block taking users from the ground floor to the 2nd in the main block, and the ground floor to the 1st floor in the H block with ease.

In 2018 Fife Council announced that the only money they had available for a new school building, which is badly required was to merge the school with Glenrothes High School. Still to be rubber stamped, it is hoped that the new school will enter planning once nearby Madras College's new building is finished.

In 2020 The school was forced into online school by the coronavirus which made many children not check the new learning application of microsoft teams
This school was funded by Tobey Maguire

Benningen

Benningen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Memmingerberg.

Böhen

Böhen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Ottobeuren.

Boos, Bavaria

Boos is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria in Germany. The town is the seat of the municipal association with Fellheim, Heimertingen, Niederrieden and Pleß.

Breitenbrunn, Swabia

Breitenbrunn is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Pfaffenhausen.

Buxheim, Swabia

Buxheim is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Dirlewang

Dirlewang is a market town and municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town is seat of a municipal association with Apfeltrach, Stetten, Bavaria and Unteregg.

Egg an der Günz

Egg an der Günz is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Babenhausen, Bavaria.

Eppishausen

Eppishausen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Swabia in Bavaria, Germany. It has a municipal association with Kirchheim in Schwaben.


Erkheim

Erkheim is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Ettringen, Bavaria

Ettringen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Fellheim

Fellheim is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Boos, Bavaria.

Hawangen

Hawangen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. Hawangen is east of Memmingen. The town has a municipal association with Ottobeuren.

Heimertingen

Heimertingen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Boos, Bavaria.

Holzgünz

Holzgünz is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Memmingerberg.

Kammlach

Kammlach is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Erkheim.

First Vienna FC (women)

First Vienna FC is a women soccer team from Vienna. It plays in the ÖFB-Frauenliga, the top league in Austrias women's football. The team is the women's section of First Vienna FC, the oldest football club in Austria. The second team is playing in the Wiener Frauen Landesliga (3rd level).
The first women's team was founded in 1990 and started in the ÖFB-Frauenliga. 1993 they were relegatet to 2. Division Ost. In 1995 they were promoted to the Bundesliga. 1996 they went back to the 2. Division although they were qualified for the next bundesliga-season. 1997 the section was dissolved, the team went to Hellas Kagran.

In 2011 the club started with new youth teams (U11, U13 and U15) which are playing in different leagues. In 2012 the women's section was again founded. In the 2012-13 season they started in the 1. Klasse (4th level) and were promoted to Wiener Frauen-Landesliga. In the 2017-18 season they became champion and were promoted to the 2. Liga Ost Süd. In the 2019-20 the modus was changed, there was only one league for the whole state. After 10 rounds Vienna led, but the league was stopped due to COVID-19. 2020-21 they won the 2. Bundesliga and were promoted to the ÖFB-Frauenliga.


Federal Republic of Cameroon

The Federal Republic of Cameroon was established on 1 October 1961 as a result of the union between the Republic of Cameroon, former French Cameroon and the Southern Cameroons, part of the former British Cameroon. The existence of the two Cameroon is a major consequence of the World War I which also took place on Cameroonian soil.

The Federal Republic of Cameroon lasted from 1 October 1961 to 20 May 1972 and was made up of two states :


On 11 November 1961, Ahmadou Ahidjo invited the other parties in the Assembly to join the UC to found a single Cameroonian party in order to develop the Cameroonian society and economy: "I say straight away that it is desirable that in Cameroon there should be a large unified party. In any case, I personally wish it after an agreement between the different parties that exist. A great unified national party into which Cameroonians would freely enter, after being convinced. A party in which there is democracy, freedom of expression, freedom of discussion; a party in which there can be several tendencies, with the understanding that the minority supports the opinions of the majority. The Union of the Peoples of Cameroon led by Theodore Mayi Matip, the Cameroon Socialist Party led by Charles Okala and the Cameroon Democrats Party led by André-Marie Mbida refused to accept the President's authoritarian drift3.

On 27 April 1962, John Ngu Foncha and Ahmadou Ahidjo formed the 'National Unity Group' which included all the deputies of the Federal Assembly and the UC-KNDP Coordination Committee whose goal was to suppress political pluralism in the two federated states.

The electorate votes for a five-year mandate by direct universal suffrage and secret ballot for the President of the Federal Republic and a Vice-President from a different federal state than the President. The president is the head of the armed forces, the state and the federal government.

The Federal Assembly is composed of 50 deputies calculated on the basis of 1 deputy per 80,000 residents. They are distributed as follows: 40 deputies for East Cameroon and 10 for West Cameroon. In East Cameroon, the 40 deputies were divided according to regions: 14 deputies for the North, 10 for the Centre-South, 8 for the West, 5 for the Littoral and 3 for the East.

West Cameroon has an Assembly of Traditional Leaders and a Legislative Assembly. The Legislative Assembly of Western Cameroon is composed of 37 representatives.

As the traditional power has not been officially recognized in the political arena of the former French Cameroon, the Legislative Assembly of this part of the Federal Republic of Cameroon is unicameral.

North Region, Portugal

North Region is the most populous region in Portugal, higher population than Lisboa, and the third largest by area. 3,576,205 people live in this region according to the 2017 census. It is one of five regions of Mainland Portugal, most people live in the urban area of Porto, with about one million living there. There are also people living in urban areas in Northwestern Portugal, like Braga and Guimarães.

Northern Portugal is a cultural region, it was first settled by various pre-Celtic and Celtic tribes before being visited by some Mediterranean civilizations who traded with the locals, including Greek, Carthaginians, Iberia was then invaded by the Romans and by Germanic peoples, and was attacked by the Moors, Berbers, Arabs and Vikings.

Northern Portugal is a mountainous region. Locally known as "serras" include Serra do Gerês, Peneda, Marão and Soajo. There are some natural parks including the Peneda-Gerês National Park, Montesinho Natural Park, and the Alvão Natural Park.

Lincoln Peirce

Lincoln Peirce is the author of the Big Nate book series and comics. He is also an American cartoonist. Peirce is also the creator of the animated series "Big Nate" and "Max & the Midknights", which was premiered on the Paramount+ streaming service.

After completing the "Big Nate" novel series in 2016, Peirce began work on the Max & the Midknights series, a comedic adventure story set in the Middle Ages. It is the first in a projected three-book series published by Crown Books for Young Readers. "Max & the Midknights" was published on January 8, 2019, and went on to spend sixteen weeks on the New York Times Bestseller list, peaking at #2. The second book in the series, "Max & the Midknights: Battle of the Bodkins" was released on December 1, 2020. Peirce is currently working on the third and final book in the series, "Max & the Midknights: The Tower of Time". It has finally been confirmed that it will release on March 1, 2022. Similarly to "Big Nate", on November 16, 2021, "Max & the Midknights" has been greenlit for an animated series on Nickelodeon. Originally planned to premiere on Nickelodeon, the series will instead debuted in 2024, on the Paramount+ streaming service.

Max &amp; the Midknights

Max & the Midknights is a book series set in the Middle Ages, written by Lincoln Peirce. It is the first in a three-book series published by Crown Books for Young Readers. The book series has 3 books in it. Similarly to "Big Nate", on November 16, 2021, "Max & the Midknights" has been greenlit for an animated series on Nickelodeon, and it will premiere on Paramount+ in 2024.

Rite Aid

Rite Aid is a pharmacy chain in the United States. It was founded in 1962 in Scranton. Its headquarters are in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Kettershausen

Kettershausen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Babenhausen, Bavaria.

Kirchhaslach

Kirchhaslach is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Babenhausen, Bavaria.

Kirchheim in Schwaben

Kirchheim or Kirchheim in Schwaben (engl. "Kirchheim in Swabia") is a municipality and a market town in Unterallgäu in the region of Swabia (Schwaben) in the south-west of Bavaria, Germany.
North-east of the town is the Augsburg Western Woods Nature Park.

Apart from the town of Kirchheim, the municipality surrounds the villages of Derndorf, Hasberg, Spöck und Tiefenried. The town has a municipal association with Eppishausen of which it is the capital and place of administration.

The town is south-west of Augsburg, west of Munich.


Eckerd Corporation

Eckerd was an American pharmacy chain in the United States. It was founded in 1898 in Erie. Its headquarters were in Florida.
On September 22, 2006, Rite Aid announced that it would acquire, Brooks and Eckerd.

Kronburg

Kronburg is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Lachen, Bavaria

Lachen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Memmingerberg.

Lauben, Unterallgäu

Lauben is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Erkheim.

Lautrach

Lautrach is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Legau

Legau is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Markt Rettenbach

Markt Rettenbach is a municipality and market town in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Markt Wald

Markt Wald is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Alemão

Alemão, sometimes "Alemao" (meaning "German" in Portuguese) may refer to:


Memmingerberg

Memmingerberg is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town is seat of a municipal association with Benningen, Holzgünz, Lachen, Bavaria, Trunkelsberg and Ungerhausen.

Mindelheim

Mindelheim () is a town in Swabia, Bavaria, Germany. The town is the capital of Unterallgäu.

Mindelheim is on the river Mindel, about west of the Bavarian capital of Munich. Other towns nearby are Memmingen or the health resorts of Bad Grönenbach, Ottobeuren or Bad Wörishofen.

Mindelheim is close to the Autobahn 96 leading from Munich to Lindau. Furthermore, Mindelheim station is on the Buchloe–Memmingen railway, which connects to Zürich via Memmingen and Lindau and to Munich via Buchloe, and the Central Swabian Railway ("Mittelschwabenbahn"), which connects to Günzburg via Krumbach.

Mindelheim is twinned with several European towns:



Niederrieden

Niederrieden is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Boos.

Oberrieden, Bavaria

Oberrieden is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Pfaffenhausen.

Oberschönegg

Oberschönegg is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Babenhausen, Bavaria.

Ottobeuren

Ottobeuren (Swabian: "Ottobeire", Medieval Latin: "Ottobura") is a market town and municipality in Bavaria, Germany, placed 11 km southeast of Memmingen near the A7. The town is seat of a municipal association with Hawangen and Böhen.

Ottobeuren is twinned with:


Pfaffenhausen

Pfaffenhausen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town is seat of a municipal association with Breitenbrunn, Swabia, Oberrieden, Bavaria and Salgen.

Pleß

Pleß is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Boos, Bavaria.

Rammingen, Bavaria

Rammingen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Türkheim.

Alemão (footballer, born 2002)

Matheus Diogo Desevinka de Oliveira (born 10 June 2002), also known as Alemão, is a Brazilian footballer who currently plays as a forward for Operário Ferroviário.

Salgen

Salgen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Pfaffenhausen.

Sontheim, Bavaria

Sontheim is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Stetten, Bavaria

Stetten is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Dirlewang.

It is in Upper Swabia.

Trunkelsberg

Trunkelsberg is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Memmingerberg.

Türkheim

Türkheim is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The neighboring places of Türkheim are Ettringen, Berg, Rammingen, Irsingen, Wiedergeltingen and Amberg. The administrative collectivity of Türkheim administrate Türkheim and Irsingen. The town is seat of a municipal association with Amberg, Rammingen and Wiedergeltingen.

A subcamp of Dachau was once placed here. 

Tussenhausen

Tussenhausen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Ungerhausen

Ungerhausen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Memmingerberg.

Unteregg

Unteregg is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Dirlewang.

Westerheim, Bavaria

Westerheim is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Erkheim.

Wiedergeltingen

Wiedergeltingen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The town has a municipal association with Türkheim.

Winterrieden

Winterrieden is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany. The municipality has a municipal association with Babenhausen.

Wolfertschwenden

Wolfertschwenden is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Woringen

Woringen is a municipality in Unterallgäu in Bavaria, Germany.

Bernried am Starnberger See

Bernried am Starnberger See is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the shore of Starnberger See.

Böbing

Böbing is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Second Kretschmer cabinet

The Second Kretschmer cabinet or Cabinet Kretschmer II is the current state government of Saxony after the 2019 Saxony state election on September 1, 2019. The "Cabinet Kretschmer II" is a coalition between the political parties CDU, led by Minister-president of Saxony Michael Kretschmer, Bündnis 90/Die Grünen and the SPD.

In the 4th session of the 7th Saxon State Parliament on December 20, 2019, the Saxon Minister-president Michael Kretschmer, who has been in office since December 13, 2017, was re-elected to this office with 61 votes and 57 against. At least 5 members of the coalition voted against Michael Kretschmer. 118 of the 119 Members of Parliament took part in the election.


Southgate, Michigan

Southgate is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Taylor, Michigan

Taylor is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States. According to the 2020 United States Census, 63,409 people lived there.

Trenton, Michigan

Trenton is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Wayne, Michigan

Wayne is a city in Wayne County, Michigan, United States.

Burton, Michigan

Burton is a city in Genesee County, Michigan, United States.

Presque Isle, Maine

Presque Isle is a city in Aroostook County, Maine, United States.

Burggen

Burggen is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Eberfing

Eberfing is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Eglfing

Eglfing is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Habach

Habach is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Hohenfurch

Hohenfurch is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Hohenpeißenberg

Hohenpeißenberg is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany. Hohenpeißenberg is in the Bavarian Oberland, in the alpine uplan.

It exists only as a local subdistrict.

The highest point is the peak of the 988 meter high Hoher Peißenberg (high Peißenberg).

The region is on the left edge of the Ammer. The Ammer flows south of the local center in a small ravine called the "Schnalz".

Surah ar-Rahman

Ar-Rahman (, ; The Merciful) is the 55th Chapter (Surah) of the Qur'an. It has 78 verses (āyāt). The chapter commonly repeats the phrase "Then which of your Lord’s favours will you both deny?" starting from Quran 55:13 to Quran 55:77. 

Sierra Madre Oriental

The Sierra Madre Oriental (Spanish for "Eastern Mother Range") is a mountain range. It is in Mexico, Honduras, and Guatemala. It is part of the Sierra Madre mountain range.

The Sierra Madre Oriental is part of the American Cordillera. The American Cordillera is a row of mountains that go from North America to Antarctica. is about 700 miles long (1000 kilometers). They are about 60 million years old. They are made of limestone rock and shale rock. They have copper, iron, and other important metals in them. The tallest mountain in the Sierra Madre Oriental is about 12,000 feet high (3600 meters). The Rio Grande is the space between the Rocky Mountains and the Sierra Madre Oriental Mountains.

There are deserts in the northern Sierra Madre Oriental and tropical forests in the southern Sierra Madre Oriental.

Huglfing

Huglfing is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Iffeldorf

Iffeldorf is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Ingenried

Ingenried is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Oberhausen, Weilheim-Schongau

Oberhausen is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Obersöchering

Obersöchering is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Pähl

Pähl am Ammersee is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the lake of Ammersee to the southwest of Munich.


Peiting

Peiting is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the right edge of the Lech, 3 km southeast of Schongau, and 17 km west of Weilheim in Oberbayern.

ACS

ACS may refer to:

Rina (given name)

Rina is a given name for women. It is a beautiful name that has a rich history and meaning. The name Rina is of Hebrew origin and means "joyful" or "happy." It is a popular name in many cultures and has been used for centuries. The pronunciation of the name is [ ree-n"uh" ]. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


COVID-19 vaccine hesitancy in the United States

People who have COVID-19 vaccine hesitancy in the United States are American people who refuse or are hesitant to receive the COVID-19 vaccine. COVID-19 vaccine hesitancy in the United States is part of the larger history of vaccine hesitancy.

Linda (given name)

Linda is a female given name. The name Linda is of Spanish and Portuguese origin and means "pretty" or "beautiful." It is derived from the Spanish word "lindo," which means "pretty" or "lovely." The name Linda has been used in many different cultures, including Spanish, Portuguese, Italian, and English. The pronunciation of the name is [ lin-d"uh" ]. This name was ranked #850 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 



John Money

John William Money (8 July 1921 – 7 July 2006) was a New Zealand psychologist, sexologist and author. He researched human sexuality and gender identity.

Money studied education and psychology at Victoria University of Wellington. Money was a professor at Johns Hopkins University in the United States.

Money made the "theory of neutrality", which argued that males and females are born without psychological differences. This lead him to conduct an experiment where he raised a boy as a girl, which failed.

Mai (name)

Mai could be used as a given name or surname.The name Mai has its origins in different cultures and languages. In Japanese, the name Mai means "dance" or "brightness." It is a popular name for girls in Japan and is often associated with the traditional Japanese dance form called "mai." The name Mai is also used in Vietnam, where it means "plum blossom." In Chinese, the name Mai means "wheat" or "grain." This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Lina

Lina is a given name for women. The name Lina is of Arabic origin and means "tender" or "soft". It is a name that is often given to baby girls and is a popular name in many Arabic-speaking countries. The name Lina is also used in other cultures, including Italian, Spanish, and German.The pronunciation of the name is [ lee-n"uh" ]. This name was ranked #669 on the US Popular Names in 2021. 


Lena (name)

The name Lena has its roots in Greece and signifies "light" or "torch". This name is an offshoot of the Greek name Helen, which translates to "bright" or "shining". The pronunciation of the name is [ lee-n"uh"; "Russian" lye-n"uh" ]. This name was ranked #293 on the US Popular Names in 2021.

Lena is a given name for women. Notable people with this name include:





Lena

Lena or LENA may refer to:






TBS

TBS may refer to:

Flag of Libya (1977–2011)

The flag of Libya from 1977 to 2011 was the flag of the Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya from 1977 to 1986 and the flag of the Great Socialist People's Libyan Arab Jamahiriya to 2011. The design is a green field in 1:2 ratio.

In 2011, after the collapse of Gaddafi's government, the 1951–1969 flag from the Kingdom of Libya was re-adopted.

Before 1977, the country was called the Libyan Arab Republic from 1969 to 1977 and used a red-white-black flag.

Aase Clausen

Aase Othlo Barfod Clausen (1914 - 2005) was a Danish model and movie actress. She was the fifth Miss Europe. She was the first Danish to get the title. She also won the fifth title of the Miss Denmark beauty contest. She also participated in the 1932 edition of Miss Universe.

Lisa Halliday

Lisa Halliday (born July 12, 1976) is an American author. She mainly writes novels. Halliday has written several books. Her most popular book is "Asymmetry." She won the Whiting Award for it in 2017.'

Of Halliday's book Asymmetry, Alice Gregory of the "New York Times Book Review" wrote, "Halliday’s novel is so strange and startlingly smart that its mere existence seems like commentary on the state of fiction". There were also positive reviews from Karen Heller of the "Washington Post" and Parul Sehgal of the "New York Times."

Gray, Tennessee

Gray is a census-designated place (CDP) in Washington County, Tennessee, United States and a rural suburb of Johnson City. It is part of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" area. 1,293 people lived there as of the 2020 census.

The town was founded as Gray Station, Tennessee because of a train rail running through the town. The Gray area was only rural farms until the 1990s. Some suburban areas began to take shape. The Gray area has rapidly grown each year starting in 200 because of the addition of new chain restaurants and a museum known as the Gray Fossil Site.

Uukwiyu Constituency

Uukwiyu Constituency is an electoral constituency in the Oshana Region of Namibia. 11,894 people live in this region, the capital is the settlement of Uukwiyu.

Uukwiyu constituency is dominated by the South West Africa People's Organization party, which have been Namibia’s dominant party since the Border War. 

In the 2010 regional elections, SWAPO politician Andreas N. Amundjindi won the constituency with 3,701 votes. The government opposition was Salmi Benjameni of the Rally for Democracy and Progress, who received only 48 votes. In the 2015 local and regional elections the SWAPO candidate won and became councillor after no opposition party nominated a candidate.

Ondangwa Rural

Ondangwa Rural is an electoral constituency in the Oshana Region of Namibia. It had 13,613 people living there in 2016 and 7,682 registered voters . The administrative capital of the constituency is Eheke.

In 2013, Ondangwa Rural was created by splitting the former constituency of Ondangwa into a rural and an urban part in August 2013.

Ondangwa is dominated by government party South West Africa People's Organization (SWAPO). These people have served as councillors of Ondangwa Rural constituency:


In the 2015 local and regional elections councillor Âlfeus Abraham after no opposition party nominated a candidate. Abraham was again reelected in the 2020 regional election after winning with 2,170 votes, followed by Armas Ntinda of the Independent Patriots for Change with 944 votes.

Spine-fingered tree frog

The spine-fingered tree frog or spinefinger tree frog ("Charadrahyla trux") is a frog that lives in the Sierra Madre del Sur mountains in Mexico. This frog lives in cloud forests. Scientists have seen it between 1760 and 2415 meters above sea level.

This frog has smooth skin on its back and rough skin on its belly and legs. It is pale brown in color with darker spots. There is some blue color on its middle. Its front feet have some webbing and its back feet have more webbing. The adult male frog has a pointed face and the adult female frog has a rounder one.

Ongwediva Constituency

Ongwediva Constituency is a constituency in the Oshana Region of northern Namibia. It had 27,396 living people and 22,061 registered voters . Its capital is the town of Ongwediva.

In the 2010 regional elections, SWAPO candidate Vinia Abisai won the constituency with 7,565 votes, followed by opposition Nelson Katenda of the Rally for Democracy and Progress with 686 votes and Lukas Naingungo of the Congress of Democrats with 70 votes. The 2015 regional elections was won by Andreas Uutoñi of SWAPO with 6,249 votes, ahead of Peter Mandeinge of Rally for Democracy and Progress with 418 votes.

Councillor Uutoñi (SWAPO) was reelected in the 2020 regional election. He beaten government opposition Michael Mwashindange of the Independent Patriots for Change by 4,914 votes to 2,025.

Polling, Weilheim-Schongau

Polling is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Roswell P. Flower

Roswell Pettibone Flower (August 7, 1835 – May 12, 1899) was the 30th Governor of New York from 1892 to 1894. The Roswell P. Flower Memorial Library was made by his daughter, Emma Flower Taylor, as a tribute to him.

Prem, Bavaria

Prem is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Raisting

Raisting is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Rottenbuch

Rottenbuch is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany. It is the site of Rottenbuch Abbey church.

Schwabbruck

Schwabbruck is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Schwabsoien

Schwabsoien is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Seeshaupt

Seeshaupt is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Sindelsdorf

Sindelsdorf is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Steingaden

Steingaden is a town and municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Upper Bavaria, Germany. It is the site of the 12th-century Steingaden Abbey ("Kloster Steingaden") and the Wies Church, a UNESCO World Heritage Site.

The community is in the Alpine foothills, on the border between Upper Bavaria and the Allgäu. The quarters ("Ortsteile") of the municipality are Fronreiten, Ilgen, Lauterbach, Riesen, Urspring und Wies. Other villages and hamlets are Biberschwöll, Bichl, Boschach, Brandstatt, Butzau, Deutenhof, Deutensee, Egart, Engen, Gagras, Gmeind, Gogel, Graben, Hiebler, Hirschau, Illach, Illberg, Jagdberg, Karlsebene, Kellershof, Kohlhofen, Kreisten, Kreuzberg, Kuchen, Langau, Lechen, Lindegg, Litzau, Maderbichl, Moos, Oberengen, Reitersau, Resle, Sandgraben, Schlatt, Schlauch, Schwarzenbach, Staltannen, Steingädele, Tannen, Thal, Unterengen, Vordergründl, Wiesle und Zöpfhalden.

Wessobrunn

Wessobrunn is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria in Germany.

Wielenbach

Wielenbach is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Wildsteig

Wildsteig is a municipality in Weilheim-Schongau in Bavaria, Germany.

Polybius (urban legend)

Polybius is a fictitious 1981 arcade game. It is an urban legend, or a thing that may not exist. The legend says the game was part of a government psychology experiment based in Portland, Oregon. Playing the game was said to produce intense psychoactive and addictive effects in the player. The few arcade machines were said to have been visited periodically by men in black for the purpose of data-mining the machines and analyzing these effects. Supposedly, all of these "Polybius" arcade machines then disappeared from the arcade market.

This urban legend has persisted in video game journalism and through continued interest, and it has inspired video games with the same name. The legend may have come from on coinop.org, a website about arcade games. That had an article about it in 1998.

The name "Polybius" comes from the Greek words "poly" and "bios", meaning many, and lives, respectively. Polybius is also the name of a historian and a cipher.

"Polybius" was a shooter with odd gameplay, like puzzles. The only screenshot is the title screen. It was supposedly developed by a "Sinneslochen Inc." in 1981. 

Sierra Madre del Sur

The Sierra Madre del Sur (Spanish for "Southern part of the Mother Range") is a mountain range. It is in Mexico, Honduras, and Guatemala.

The Sierra Madre del Sur is about 620 miles long (1000 km) and runs northwest-southeast along the south coast of Mexico. It touches the Trans-Mexican Volcanic Belt. Its highest mountain is 12,149 feet (3703 meters) above sea level.

There are pine-oak forests and cloud forests in the Sierra Madre del Sur. Many animals and plants live there. Scientists call this biodiversity.

Gray Fossil Site

The Gray Fossil Site is an Early Pliocene collection of fossils between 4.5 and 4.9 million years old. It is near the town of Gray in Washington County, Tennessee. 

The site was discovered during road construction in May 2000. Local officials decided to preserve the site for research and education. The site is part of East Tennessee State University, and the Gray Fossil Site & Museum opened on the site in 2007.

Once, the land around the Gray Fossil Site was a pond inside a sinkhole surrounded by a warm, wet forest. The fossils found in the area show what lived and died in and around the sinkhole pond.

As the first site of its age known from the Appalachian region, the Gray Fossil Site is a unique window into the past. Research at the site has brought many surprising discoveries. These included new species of red panda, rhinoceros, pond turtle, hickory tree, and more. The site also hosts the biggest known collection of fossil tapirs.

In late May of 2000, this fossil-rich area was discovered during a Tennessee Department of Transportation road construction project on the outside of Gray, TN. As it became clear that the fossils were not usual for this part of the country, members of the local community began an effort to preserve the site.

Many of the fossil fauna and flora of the Gray Fossil Site are closely related to modern-day species in Europe and Asia, including red pandas, European badgers, Chinese moonseed, and "Corylopsis". This shows that during the Early Pliocene, North America had a biogeographic link with Eurasia, probably at the easternmost part of Asia.

The Gray Fossil Site preserves a collection of preserved fossils. It is the only fossil site in the Appalachian region dating near the boundary between the Miocene and Pliocene Epochs. This offers a unique window into this region at this time.

All of the fish fossils found at the Gray Fossil Site belong to the family Centrarchidae.


A preliminary study in 2011 identified several families of birds at the Gray Fossil Site, the most common of which were ducks.

Perissodactyls (odd-toed hoofed mammals)


Artiodactyls (even-toed hoofed mammals)


Carnivora


Proboscidea (elephants)


Rodents


Lagomorphs


Bats


Eulipotyphla
Xenarthra


Aquatic invertebrates of the Gray Fossil Site include ostracods, snails, and small clams. Insects are also known from fossilized exoskeletal remains and trace fossils, including at least four different families of beetles.

Plant fossils at the Gray Fossil Site include pollen, leaves, wood, fruits, seeds, and other structures which represent a diverse flora of angiosperms, conifers, ferns, lycophytes, and bryophytes. The forest flora was dominated by a variety of trees and shrubs, of which the most common were hickory, oak, and pine.

Several previously unknown extinct plant species have been identified at the Gray Fossil Site:


Algal microfossils have been identified as numerous freshwater species, including one previously unknown extinct species, "Stigmozygodites grayensis," named from the Gray Fossil Site in 2013.

Several types of fungi have been found from microfossil remains of fungal tissue and fruiting bodies.

Data transmission

Data transmission is the process of transferring data from one point to another. There are two methods for transmitting data: Serial communication and Parallel communication. There are different types of devices for data transmission: Wireless, Optical fiber, Infrared and more.
Simplex data transmission

is in one direction only (i.e. from sender to receiver). Example: data being sent from a computer to a printer. 
HALF· DUPLEX DATA TRANSMISSION

is in both directions but not at the same time (i.e. data can be sent from 'A' to 'B' or from 'B' to 'A' along the same line, but not at the same time). Example: a phone conversation between two people where only one person speaks at a time .
FULL·DUPLEX DATA TRANSMISSION

is in both direction simultaneously (i.e. data can be sent from 'A' to ' B' and from 'B' to 'A' along the same line, both at the same time). Example: broadband connection on a phone line.

Uuvudhiya Constituency

Uuvudhiya Constituency is the biggest constituency in the Oshana Region of Namibia. It has 4,357 people living there, its capital is the settlement of Uuvudhiya. The constituency had 2,869 registered voters in 2004. Lake Oponona, the largest lake in the Cuvelai Basin, is located in Uuvudhiya Constituency and is a local attraction. 

Uuvudhiya constituency is dominated by the South West Africa People's Organization party since the South African Border War.

In the 2010 regional elections, SWAPO candidate Seblon Paulus won the constituency with 1,621 votes, followed by Gabriel Jeremia of the Rally for Democracy and Progress who received 19 votes. In the 2015 local and regional elections the SWAPO candidate won became councillor after no opposition party nominated a candidate. For the 2020 regional election no opposition candidate participated, and Timoteus Shoopa a Shivute, the SWAPO candidate won and was elected.

Geesje Woudstra

Geesje Mink-Wourdstra (24 April 1911 – 1971) was a Dutch speed skater.
On January 3, 1928, she won a skating competition at Scharsterbrug. In January, February and March of 1929, she won many speed skating competitions. She won prizes in 28 races in Friesland, Groningen, Overessel (Campen) and North Holland (Enhuisen). In 1933, she won the second prize in the national speed skating competition in Campina. In 1941, he won the Alvemarretocht over 100km, but the prize was not awarded due to a false start.

Her archives are held at the The Fries Scheipvaart Museum.


Valeer Peirsman

Valeer Peirsman (20 April 1932 – 29 March 2020) was a Belgian sculptor.

She studied at Academy of Sint-Niklaas with Werner Heyndrickx.

Partygate

Partygate is an ongoing political scandal about (social gatherings or)
parties that were held by the staff of United Kingdom government and Conservative Party It was made public in 2021. The parties took place during the COVID-19 pandemic in 2020 and 2021, when there were public health restrictions. These parties happened at 10 Downing Street and other government buildings. 

In December 2021, reports of parties being held in 2020 and in 2021 were released. Prime Minister Boris Johnson often hosted these parties, though at first he denied having parties. The Metropolitan Police started an investigation over the parties.

On 10 January 2022, ITV News reported that a planned party had taken place on 20 May 2020. At the time, people outdoors were not allowed to meet more than one person from outside their household.<ref name="sky12/1/2022"></ref> Two days later, Johnson apologised to MPs in the Commons for "attending an event in the Downing Street garden during the first lockdown". Some conservatives criticized Johnson and wanted him to resign.<ref name="bbc12/1/2022"></ref> A police investigation into the parties were announced.

On 12 April 2022, Prime Minister Johnson, his wife Carrie and Chancellor of the Exchequer Rishi Sunak were fined for breaking COVID protocols.

Maurizio Zamparini

Maurizio Zamparini (9 June 1941 – 1 February 2022) was an Italian businessman.

Zamparini was known for being the owner and director of Italian football club U.S. Città di Palermo between 21 July 2002 until 27 February 2017 and from 4 July 2017 until 1 December 2018.

Zamparini died from problems caused by peritonitis in Cotignola, Italy on 1 February 2022, at the age of 80.

Cotignola

Cotignola is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Ravenna in the Italian region Emilia-Romagna. It is about southeast of Bologna and about west of Ravenna.

Bagnaria Arsa

Bagnaria Arsa () is a "comune" (municipality) in the Italian region Friuli-Venezia Giulia. It is about northwest of Trieste and about south of Udine.

Governor of Tokyo

The is the head of government of Tokyo. In 1943, the position was created.

Candidates must be a citizen of Japan and be a resident of Tokyo for more than three months, and must be over the age of 30. Candidates must also put up three million yen to the Tokyo Metropolitan Government, which will only be returned if they receive at least 10% of the votes.


Shahin Najafi

Morteza Najafipoor Moghaddam (; born 10 September 1980), better known as Shahin Najafi (), is an Iranian musician, composer, singer-songwriter, poet, author, philosopher, and political activist. He is a controversial singer in Iran because his songs are about the theocracy, poverty, sexism, censorship, child labor, execution, drug addiction and homophobia of Iran and criticize them.

Paolo Graziosi

Paolo Graziosi (25 January 1940 – 1 February 2022) was an Italian actor. He played Mercutio in a famous version of "Romeo and Juliet" directed Franco Zeffirelli. He played Carlo in "China is Near".

Graziosi, who had cancer, died of COVID-19 in Vicenza, Italy on 1 February 2022, one week after his 82nd birthday.

Absberg

Absberg is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Alesheim

Alesheim is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Altmühltal

Altmühltal is a "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (federation of municipalities) in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen and Eichstätt in Bavaria in Germany. It has the following municipalities:

Bergen, Middle Franconia

Bergen is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Juan Iglesias Marcelo

Juan Ángel Iglesias Marcelo (1 March 1931 – 1 February 2022) was a Spanish politician. He was a Senator from 1982 until 2000. He was also Mayor of Cáceres from 1983 until 1987. He was born in Cáceres, Spain. Iglesias Marcelo was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.

Iglesias Marcelo died on 1 February 2022 from multiple organ failure in Cáceres, one month before his 91st birthday.

Burgsalach

Burgsalach is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Dittenheim

Dittenheim is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Ellingen

Ellingen is a town in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Ettenstatt

Ettenstatt is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Gnotzheim

Gnotzheim is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Haundorf

Haundorf is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Heidenheim, Bavaria

Heidenheim () is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Heidenheim is an old German market town, which lives in the administrative region of Middle Franconia in the middle of Bavaria. It belongs to the rural district Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen.
It is the administrative center of the local region called Hahnenkamm.

Heidenheim is in the administration region West Middle Franconia (Westmittelfranken). Following local subdistricts belong to Heidenheim: Degersheim, Hechlingen am See, Hohentrüdingen.


Höttingen

Höttingen is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Langenaltheim

Langenaltheim is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Germany.

Markt Berolzheim

Markt Berolzheim is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Gandesa

Gandesa () is the capital of the "comarca" of Terra Alta, in the province of Tarragona, Catalonia, Spain.

Miquel Aubà i Fleix

Miquel Aubà i Fleix (5 June 1965 – 31 January 2022) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the Republican Left of Catalonia. He was in the Senate of Spain from 2015 until his death in 2022. He was also Mayor of Gandesa between 1999 until 2011. He was born in Gandesa, Spain.

Aubà i Fleix died on 31 January 2022 of cancer in Gandesa, at the age of 56.

Meinheim

Meinheim is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Robert Wall

Robert Wall (August 2, 1939 – January 30, 2022) was an American actor and martial artist. He was born in San Jose, California.

Wall studied Okinawan martial arts. He appeared in three movies with Bruce Lee: the 1972 movie "Way of the Dragon", as O'Harra in "Enter the Dragon" in 1973 and "Game of Death" in 1978. He has small roles in Chuck Norris movies, such as "Code of Silence" (1985), "Firewalker" (1986), and "Hero and the Terror" (1988).

Wall died in Los Angeles, California on January 30, 2022, at the age of 82.

Muhr am See

Muhr am See is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Isabel Robalino

Isabel María Josefina Robalino Bolle (14 October 1917 – 31 January 2022) was a Spanish-born Ecuadorian lawyer and politician. She was born in Barcelona, Spain. She was a Senator from 1968 until 1970. 

Robalino turned 100 in October 2017. She died on 31 January 2022 in Quito, Ecuador, at the age of 104.

Mike Nykoluk

Michael Andrew Nykoluk (December 11, 1934 – January 31, 2022) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player and coach. He played 32 games in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Toronto Maple Leafs. He was the Maple Leafs head coach for four seasons, from 1981 to 1984. He was the younger brother of longtime Canadian Football League player Danny Nykoluk.

Nykoluk died on January 31, 2022 at the age of 82.

Voldemaras Novickis

Voldemaras Novickis (22 February 1956 – 31 January 2022) was a Lithuanian handball player. He competed in the 1980 Summer Olympics and in the 1988 Summer Olympics. In 1980, he won the silver medal with the Soviet team and a gold medal in 1988.

Novickis died from cancer in Kaunas, Lithuania on 31 January 2022, at the age of 65.

Onésimo Cepeda Silva

Onésimo Cepeda Silva (25 March 1937 – 31 January 2022) was a Mexican Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Mexico City. Cepeda Silva was the Bishop of Ecatepec between 1995 until 1992. In 1970, he became a priest.

Cepeda Silva died on 31 January 2022 in Mexico City from COVID-19, aged 84.

Dora Cadavid

Dora Cadavid (23 November 1937 – 31 January 2022) was a Colombian actress and singer. She appeared in many telenovelas. She was known for her roles in "Yo soy Betty, la fea", "La Teacher de Inglés" and "Café con aroma de mujer". Cadavid was born in Medellín, Colombia. Her career began in 1967.

Cadavid died on 31 January 2022 in Bogotá, Colombia from respiratory failure, aged 84.

Pierre Bellon

Pierre Bellon (24 January 1930 – 31 January 2022) was a French billionaire businessman. He was the founder of Sodexo, a food management company. 

Bellon died on 31 January 2022 in Paris, one week after his 92nd birthday.

Norma Waterson

Norma Christine Waterson (15 August 1939 – 30 January 2022) was an English singer. She was best known as one of the original members of The Watersons. Other members of the group included her brother Mike Waterson and sister Lal Waterson. She later worked with her husband Martin Carthy. She was born in Hull, East Riding of Yorkshire, England.

Waterson died on 30 January 2022 from pneumonia, at the age of 82.

Frans Aerenhouts

Frans Aerenhouts (4 July 1937 – 30 January 2022) was a Belgian cyclist. He was born in Wilrijk, Belgium. Aerenhouts was known for his career with Mercier. 

Aerenhouts died on 30 January 2022 in Wilrijk, at the age of 84.

Philip Paul (drummer)

Philip Paul (August 11, 1925 – January 30, 2022) was an American studio drummer. He was born in Harlem, New York. In 2009, he was honored at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland. He spent most of his career in Cincinnati, Ohio.

Paul died on January 30, 2022 in Cincinnati from COVID-19 at the age of 96.

Hermann Rappe

Hermann Rappe (20 September 1929 – 30 January 2022) was a German SPD politician and trade unionist. He was born in Hann. Münden, Germany. He was a member of the Bundestag from 1972 until 1998. He was Chairman of Chemical, Paper and Ceramic Union from 1982 until 1995. Rappe was President of ICEF from 1988 until 1995.

Rappe died on 30 January 2022 in Hildesheim, Germany at the age of 92.

Hann. Münden

Hann. Münden (short for Hannoversch Münden) is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany. Münden is in the district of Göttingen. It is near the Fulda and Werra rivers. About 24,000 people lived here in 2013.

Nennslingen

Nennslingen is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Zvonimir Šeparović

Zvonimir Šeparović (14 September 1928 – 30 January 2022) was a Croatian lawyer and politician. He was born in Blato, Yugoslavia. He was a member of the Croatian Democratic Union. He was the Minister of Foreign Affairs between 1991 until 1992 during the Franjo Gregurić government. Šeparović was also the Minister of Justice during the Zlatko Mateša government between 1999 until 2000.

Šeparović died on 30 January 2022 in Zagreb, Croatia at the age of 93.

Pappenheim

Pappenheim is a town in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Altmühl, 11 km south of Weißenburg in Bayern.

Blato, Korčula

Blato is a municipality on the island of Korčula in Croatia. It can be reached by the main island road from town of Korčula.


Mark Boughton

Mark D. Boughton (born February 20, 1964) is an American politician who was the longest-serving mayor in Danbury, Connecticut's history. He served ten consecutive terms as mayor, from 2001 to 2020. He was the Republican endorsed candidate for governor of Connecticut in 2018, but lost the primary election to Bob Stefanowski. In 2020, Governor Ned Lamont nominated Boughton to serve as commissioner of the Connecticut Department of Revenue Services.

Mallet

A mallet is a tool for woodworking. Usually, it is used together with a chisel and for transferring force, much like hitting a nail with a hammer. Some tools used to play musical instruments, like drum sticks are also called mallets.

The Hythe, Essex

The Hythe is a place in Colchester. It has a factory that manufactures car parts. There is also a train station.

Hermenegildo Ramírez Sánchez

Hermenegildo Ramírez Sánchez, M.J. (13 April 1929 – 29 January 2022) was a Mexican Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Mexico City. He became a priest in 1953. Pope Paul VI made him the first prelate of Huautla and Titular Bishop of Santa Giusta in 1975. He retired in 2005.

Ramírez Sánchez died from problems caused by COVID-19 in Querétaro City, Mexico on 29 January 2022, at the age of 92.


Querétaro City

Santiago de Querétaro (; Otomi: Dähnini Maxei), known simply as Querétaro City (), is the capital and largest city of the state of Querétaro. It is located in central Mexico. It is part of the macroregion of Bajío. It is northwest of Mexico City.

Sam Lay

Samuel L. Lay (March 20, 1935 – January 29, 2022) was an American drummer and singer. He performed from the late 1950s as a blues and R&B musician. He performed with Little Walter, Howlin' Wolf and Paul Butterfield. He was added into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 2015.

Lay died on January 29, 2022, at the age of 86.

Paul Butterfield

Paul Vaughn Butterfield (December 17, 1942May 4, 1987) was an American blues harmonica player, singer and band leader. His music was usually Chicago blues. In 1963, he formed the Paul Butterfield Blues Band, which recorded several successful albums and was popular on the late-1960s. Butterfield was inspired by Muddy Waters. 

Butterfield died in North Hollywood, Los Angeles, California on May 4, 1987 at age 44 of an accidental drug overdose.

David Green (baseball)

David Alejandro Green Casaya (December 4, 1960 – January 29, 2022) was a Nicaraguan-born American Major League Baseball player. He played outfielder and first baseman. Between 1981 and 1987, he spent parts of six seasons in the MLB. He was a member of the St. Louis Cardinals for five of those years, and he also spent one season with the San Francisco Giants.

Green died from heart failure caused by COVID-19 on January 29, 2022 at a hospital in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 61.

Barbara A. Curran

Barbara Ann Curran (August 26, 1940 – January 29, 2022) was an American Republican politician and lawyer. She was born in New York City. Curran was a member of the New Jersey General Assembly from 1974 until 1980. She was a Judge of the New Jersey Superior Court between 1993 until 2000.

Curran died on January 29, 2022 in Union County, New Jersey at the age of 81.

Vladimir Gubarev

In 1978 he was awarded the USSR State Prize. He was also known for his drama play "Sarcophagus", based on some "Pravda" articles he wrote about the 1986 Chernobyl disaster. 

Gubarev died in Moscow, Russia on 25 January 2022, at the age of 83.

Rolf Zehetbauer

Rolf Zehetbauer (13 February 1929 – 23 January 2022) was a German production designer, art director and set decorator. He was born in Munich, Germany. Zehetbauer won an Academy Award for Best Art Direction for the movie "Cabaret" in 1973. He also worked on "Das Boot" and "The NeverEnding Story".

Zehetbauer died on 23 January 2022, at the age of 92.

The NeverEnding Story (movie)

The NeverEnding Story () is a 1984 English-language West German fantasy movie co-written and directed by Wolfgang Petersen. It is based on the 1979 novel "The Neverending Story" by Michael Ende. 

It stars Noah Hathaway, Barret Oliver, Tami Stronach, Patricia Hayes, Sydney Bromley, Gerald McRaney and Moses Gunn, with Alan Oppenheimer. It is about a boy finds a magical book about a young warrior who is given the job of stopping the Nothing, a dark force, from destroying the wonderland world of Fantasia.

When the movie came out, it was the most expensive movie produced outside the United States or the Soviet Union. The movie was the first in "The NeverEnding Story" movie series. Two more movies were made, "" (1990) and "The NeverEnding Story III: Escape from Fantasia" (1994).

The NeverEnding Story theme song was recorded by Limahl.

Roberto Digón

Roberto Secundino Digón (25 July 1935 – 30 January 2022) was an Argentine politician and sports executive. He was a member of the Justicialist Party. He was in the Argentine Chamber of Deputies from 1985 to 1989 and again from 1993 to 1997. Digón was born in Buenos Aires, Argentina. He was a sports executive for Boca Juniors.

Digón died of COVID-19 in Buenos Aires on 30 January 2022, at the age of 86.

Pavlo Kuznietsov

Pavlo Serhíyovych Kuznietsov (; 1 May 1950 – 27 January 2022) was a Ukrainian politician. He was a member of the Communist Party of Ukraine. He was in the Verkhovna Rada from 1998 to 2002. He was born in Taganrog, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Kuznietsov died of COVID-19 in Kyiv, Ukraine on 27 January 2022, at the age of 71.

Franjo Gregurić

Franjo Gregurić (; born 12 October 1939) is a Croatian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Croatia from July 1991 to September 1992.

Zlatko Mateša

Zlatko Mateša (; born 17 June 1949) is a Croatian politician. He was Prime Minister of Croatia from 1995 to 2000. He was a member of the Croatian Democratic Union. He is the president of the Croatian Olympic Committee and honorary consul of Mongolia in Croatia.

Petar Fleković

Petar Fleković (born 14 September 1932) is a Croatian politician. He was the President of the Executive Council of the Socialist Republic of Croatia between 1978 until 1982. ​Before entering politics, he was an engineer. He was a member of the League of Communists of Croatia. From 1982 until 1990, he was the Director of the INA d.d..

Easton McMorris

Easton Dudley Ashton St John McMorris (4 April 1935 – 1 February 2022) was a West Indian cricketer. He played in 13 Tests from 1958 to 1966. He toured England with the West Indies team in 1963 and 1966. He was a heavy scorer for Jamaica. He captained Jamaica from 1967-68 until he retired after the 1971-72 season. McMorris was born in Saint Andrew, Jamaica.

McMorris died on 1 February 2022, at the age of 86.

ASAP Rocky

Rakim Athelaston Mayers (born October 3, 1988), known professionally as ASAP Rocky (stylized as A$AP Rocky; , ), is an American rapper and record producer. In August 2011, his single "Peso" was leaked online and made him popular. His popular mixtape "Live. Love. A$AP" debuted at number 1 on the Billboard 200 in 2013. It earned him a BET Award nomination for Best Male Hip-Hop Artist. He is a member of the hip hop collective ASAP Mob. 

In May 2021, Rocky revealed during an interview with "GQ" that he was dating Barbadian singer Rihanna. On January 31, 2022, "People" reported that the couple is expecting their first child.

Brian Augustyn

Brian Augustyn (November 2, 1954 – February 1, 2022) was an American comic book editor and writer. 
He was known for his works with DC Comics. During the late 1980s and early 1990s Augustyn was an editor for DC Comics, where he edited "The Flash" and "Justice League" comics. As a solo writer, Augustyn has worked on such titles as DC's "" and other Batman-related comics. 

Augustyn died from a stroke on February 1, 2022, at the age of 67.

CODA (2021 movie)

CODA is a 2021 coming-of-age comedy-drama movie written and directed by Sian Heder. The movie stars Emilia Jones as a "CODA", or "child of deaf adult". She is the only hearing member of a deaf family. Eugenio Derbez, Troy Kotsur, Ferdia Walsh-Peelo, Daniel Durant, and Marlee Matlin appear in supporting roles. It won the Academy Award for Best Picture in 2022. Troy Kotsur became the first deaf man to win an Academy Award for acting.

Troy Kotsur

Troy Michael Kotsur (born July 24, 1968) is an American actor and director. He is best known for his role as Frank Rossi in "CODA" (2021). He was nominated for a Golden Globe Award and won an Academy Award, BAFTA Award and SAG Award for this role. He also directed the movie "" (2013).

Kotsur is deaf.

Emilia Jones

Emilia Annis I. Jones (born 23 February 2002) is an English actress, singer and lyricist. She is most known for her lead role in the 2021 movie "CODA" as Ruby Rossi. She is also known for playing Kinsey Locke in the Netflix series "Locke & Key" (2020–).

Aled Jones

Aled Jones, (born 29 December 1970) is a Welsh singer and radio and television presenter. He is known for working with BBC and ITV, and radio (for BBC Radio Wales and Classic FM). He presented "Daybreak" (2012–2014).

For the BBC, he has presented "Cash in the Attic" (2010–2012), "Escape to the Country" (2010–2013) and "Going Back Giving Back" (2016–present).

Caernarfonshire

Caernarfonshire (; , ), historically spelled as Caernarvonshire or Carnarvonshire in English, is one of the thirteen historic counties, a vice-county.

Camila Morrone

Camila Rebecca Morrone Polak (born June 16, 1997) is an American model and actress. Her first movie role was in the James Franco movie "Bukowski". She also appeared in the movies "Death Wish" and "Never Goin' Back".

Morrone has been in a relationship with American actor Leonardo DiCaprio since 2017.

Larisa Latynina

Larisa Semyonovna Latynina (; née Diriy; born 27 December 1934) is a former Soviet artistic gymnast. Between 1956 and 1964, she won 14 individual Olympic medals and four team medals. She holds the record for the most Olympic gold medals by a gymnast, male or female, with 9. She also won 5 silver medals and four bronze medals. Latynina was born in Kherson, Ukrainian SSR, Soviet Union.

Pfofeld

Pfofeld is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Franconia, Germany.

Pfofeld is in the West Middle Franconia region, about five kilometres east of Gunzenhausen. In the north of the municipality are parts of the Großer Brombachsee and its forebay, the Kleiner Brombachsee, as well as the Altmühlüberleiter channel. The European watershed runs through Pfofeld and divides the catchments of the Rhine and Danube. A stream, the Dornhauser Mühlbach flows through Pfofeld; other local streams include the Bachwiesengraben, the Buxbach and the Brombach. Pfofeld is distinguished by low hills and woods, including the Weißenberg and the Gräfensteinberg Forest. "Staatsstraße 2222" runs past Pfofeld to the north. Within the municipality are the nature reserves of Brombachmoor and Halbinsel im Kleinen Brombachsee. 
Pfofeld has thirteen subdivisions:

Mel Mermelstein

Mel Mermelstein (September 25, 1926 – January 28, 2022) was a Czechoslovakian-born American Holocaust survivor and autobiographer. He was the only survivor of his family's execution at Auschwitz concentration camp. He was also known for suing the Institute for Historical Review for questioning if the Holocaust had happened in an American court. In 1981, because of his lawsuit, the Holocaust was legally declared a fact. Mermelstein was born in near present-day Munkacs, Ukraine.

Mermelstein died from problems caused by COVID-19 on January 28, 2022 in Long Beach, California at the age of 95.

Jean Hale

Jean Hale (born Carol Jane Hale; December 27, 1938 – August 3, 2021) was an American actress. Hale played Miriam Stark in "Taggart" (1964), Cheryl Barker in "The Oscar" (1966), Myrtle in "The St. Valentine's Day Massacre" (1967) and Lisa in "In Like Flint" (1967). She also appeared as Polly in the 1960s television series "Batman".

Hale was married to actor Dabney Coleman from 1961 until they divorced in 1984. They had three children.

Hale died of natural causes on August 3, 2021, in Santa Monica, California, at the age of 82.

865

865 was a common year.

Franklin Lakes, New Jersey

Franklin Lakes is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 census, the borough's population was 11,079.

The Boys Next Door (1985 movie)

The Boys Next Door is a 1985 American adventure crime drama movie directed by Penelope Spheeris and starring Charlie Sheen, Maxwell Caulfield, Christopher McDonald, Hank Garrett, Patti D'Arbanville, Moon Unit Zappa, Phil Rubenstein.


Tlatelolco massacre

After a summer with large protests against the 1968 Summer Olympics held in Mexico City, the Mexican Armed Forces shot multiple unarmed civilians, killing an unknown number in the hundreds. The shooting happened in the Plaza de las Tres Culturas in the Tlatelolco section of Mexico City, and is considered part of the Mexican Dirty War. The massacre happened ten days before the opening ceremony of the Olympics.

The head of the Federal Directorate of Security reported that 1,345 people were arrested. At the time, the Mexican government and media claimed that the Armed Forces had been provoked by protesters shooting at them. However in government documents released in 2000, it said that snipers had been hired by the government. The actual death toll range from 300 to 400, with eyewitnesses reporting hundreds dead.

Mexican Dirty War

The Mexican Dirty War () is about an internal conflict in the 1960s and 1980s between the Mexican PRI government under the presidencies of Gustavo Díaz Ordaz, Luis Echeverría and José López Portillo and left-wing student and guerrilla groups. They were supported by the United States. During the war, government forces carried out disappearances, about 1,200, torture, and executions.

In March 2019, the President of Mexico Andrés Manuel López Obrador, publicly released the archives which had new information about the Dirty War. López Obrador said that "We lived for decades under an authoritarian regime which limited freedoms and persecuted those who struggled for social change" and issued an official apology on behalf of the Mexican State to the victims.

El Halconazo

The Corpus Christi Massacre or El Halconazo ( was a massacre of student protestors during the Mexican Dirty War in Mexico City on 10 June 1971. It happened the day of the Corpus Christi festival. Nearly 120 protesters were killed.

On 29 November 2006, former President Luis Echeverría Álvarez pleaded guilty and was put on house arrest. In 2009, charges were dropped because of lack of evidence.

Adolfo López Mateos

Adolfo López Mateos (; 26 May 1909 – 22 September 1969) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). He was President of Mexico from 1958 to 1964.

López Mateos died while in a coma on 22 September 1969 at a Mexico City hospital from problems caused by multiple intracranial aneurysms, aged 60.

Adolfo Ruiz Cortines

Adolfo Tomás Ruiz Cortines (; 30 December 1889 – 3 December 1973) was a Mexican politician. He was 54th president of Mexico from 1952 to 1958.

Ruiz Cortines died on 3 December 1973 in Veracruz, Mexico from heart failure caused by arteriosclerosis, aged 82.

Atizapán de Zaragoza

Atizapán de Zaragoza is a city, in State of Mexico in Mexico. The area of the city is 91.07 km². In 2010, the population was 489,937.

Père Lachaise Cemetery

Père Lachaise Cemetery ( ; formerly , "Cemetery of the East") is the largest cemetery in Paris, France (). More than 3.5 million people visit here every year. It is the most visited necropolis in the world.

The Père Lachaise is in the 20th arrondissement and was the first garden cemetery, as well as the first municipal cemetery in Paris. There are three World War I memorials in the cemetary.

List of Austrian women's soccer teams (3rd level)

This is a list of Austrian women football teams as they play in the 2021/22 season in the 3rd level of Austrian women soccer. 









The Burgenländischer Fußballverband has no league.

Ignace Van der Brempt

Ignace Van Der Brempt (born 1 April 2002) is a Belgian football player. He plays for FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga as right back.

He made his Belgian First Division A debut for Club Brugge on 14 September 2019 against Cercle Brugge. In February 2022 he went on to FC Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga. He signed a contract until June 2026.

Club Brugge

Red Bull Salzburg

North Polar Basin (Mars)

The Borealis Basin, or the North Polar Basin, is a large depression or basin in the northern hemisphere of Mars. The North Polar Basin takes up 40% of the Martian surface. It has a diameter of about 9,500 km (5,900 miles), but is slightly stretched, or elliptical, meaning its true size is closer to 10,600 km (6,600 mi) by 8,500 km (5,300 mi).

An explanation for the basin's low, flat and relatively crater-free structure is that the basin was formed by a single large impact.

Simulations suggest that a body of about 0.02 Mars masses (~0.002 Earth masses, about the size of Pluto) can produce a sizable debris disk in Martian orbit, on the order of 500 quadrillion tonnes, with much of the material remaining close to Mars. Scientists think this could have formed Phobos and Deimos.

Analysis of Mars Global Surveyor data found mineral deposits similar to terminal moraines on Earth along the southern rim of the northern low land, giving evidence that an asteroid caused a tsunami in the basin.

Even though it's so large, the basin is not yet called an impact basin by the IAU because scientists aren't sure if it's actually the site of an impact. The basin is one of the flattest areas in the Solar System. The landing site of the Viking 1 lander is a bay that opens into the basin.

Kop van Overijssel

The Kop van Overijssel (literally in English: "Head of Overijssel") is a region in the north of the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands.

It consists of the municipality of Steenwijkerland and three municipalities which are also considered being part of the region of Salland: Kampen, Staphorst, and Zwartewaterland.



Charadrahyla juanitae

Juanita's earless tree frog ("Charadrahyla juanitae") is a frog that lives in the Sierra Madre del Sur mountains in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 750 and 1080 meters above sea level and between 580 and 1530 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 27.7 to 35.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 37.6 to 39.8 mm long.

The adult frog is light gray or green or brown in color with dark gray or brown marks like a saddle or hourglass on its back. It has a narrow white stripe. It has a narrow dark brown stripe behind its eyes. There are three or four thick stripes across its ront legs and three, four, or five on the back legs. The belly and throat are white with a few darker marks. The skin on its throat is smoothest. There is only a small amount of webbing on its feet.

This frog lives in pine-oak forests in two different parts of the Sierra Madre del Sur, both on the west side. That is the side nearest the Pacific Ocean. This frog lives in the same places as other frogs: "Charadrahyla altipotens", "Charadrahyla pinorum", "Ecnomiohyla miotympanum", "Megastomatohyla pellita", "Plectrohyla pentheter", "Plectrohyla thorectes", and "Ptychohyla leonhardschultzei".

The male frogs go to streams and sits on plants 40 to 120 cm tall. Then they sing for the female frogs. The female frogs lay eggs all the way underwater. The eggs stick to rocks or to wood. They lay fewer than 100 eggs at a time. The eggs are about 2 mm long.

This frog is called "near threatened." It is not officially in danger of dying out but there are fewer of them than there were. This is because human beings change the forests where it lives, cutting down trees for lumber and to build towns. Diseases also kill this frog. Scientists think the fungus "Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis" kills this frog.

This frog is named for Juanita Snyder. She is the wife of scientist David Snyder, who wrote the first formal paper about this frog.

Kamil Piatkowski

Kamil Piatkowski (born 21 June 2000) is a professional footballer from Poland. He plays for Austrian Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg and the Poland national team as center back.
Piątkowski started in the youth teams of Karpaty Krosno and Zagłębie Lubin. In the 2019-20 season he went on to Raków Częstochowa. He debuted in August 2019 in the first league versus Lechia Gdańsk. He came in in min. 86 for Sebastian Musiolik. 2021 he went on to FC Red Bull Salzburg where he signed till June 2026. In Januyry 2023 he was loaned to KAA Gent . For the 2023-24 season he came back to Salzburg.

Piątkowski made his debut for Poland on 28 March 2021 in a World Cup qualifier against Andorra.


Pleinfeld

Pleinfeld is a Franconian municipality and market town in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria. It is in the Metropolitan Area of Nuremberg and in the Franconian Lake District.

Pleinfeld is in central Bavaria, in the south of the administrative region Middle Franconia. The municipal area borders on the neighbouring Bavarian district Roth. Neighbouring townships are Pfofeld, Ellingen, Ettenstatt, Höttingen, Absberg, Spalt, Heideck and Röttenbach. The landscape is hilly and forested.

Pleinfeld is on the rivers Swabian Rezat and Arbach, north of Weißenburg in Bayern, and south of Nuremberg. Other rivers in the municipality area are Brombach river and Banzerbach river, both tributary of the Swabian Rezat. The town's altitude is about above sea level. The highest point of the municipality is near Dorsbrunn, asl. Pleinfeld is the biggest town near the Großer Brombachsee, a lake in the Franconian Lake District. Pleinfeld is also next to the most northern part of the Altmühl Valley Nature Park.

Pleinfeld has 35 subdivisions:

Pleinfeld is twinned with:

The local dialect of the region is East Franconian German, referred to in German as "Fränkisch", with Pleinfeld being at the southern point of its extension. Traveling south, people speak Bavarian German and Alemannic German dialects.

Mischelbach

Mischelbach is a district of Pleinfeld in Bavaria, in Central Franconia and Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen.


Polsingen

Polsingen is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Raitenbuch

Raitenbuch is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Theilenhofen

Theilenhofen is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.


Dietfurt in Mittelfranken

Dietfurt, now part of the town of Treuchtlingen, is a German village in Middle Franconia, Bavaria. Earlier to 1853 it was for centuries the place of an important post station on the road between Augsburg and Nuremberg.

Westheim

Westheim is a municipality in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria, Germany.

Hahnenkamm (Verwaltungsgemeinschaft)

Hahnenkamm is a "Verwaltungsgemeinschaft" (federation of municipalities) in Weißenburg-Gunzenhausen in Bavaria in Germany. It has the following municipalities:

Arzberg, Bavaria

Arzberg () is a town in Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 13 km west of Cheb and 10 km northeast of Marktredwitz.



Bad Alexandersbad

Bad Alexandersbad is a municipality of Germany in Upper Franconia (Bavaria), in Wunsiedel. The municipality has the villages Dünkelhammer, Kleinwendern, Sichersreuth and Tiefenbach.

Höchstädt im Fichtelgebirge

Höchstädt im Fichtelgebirge is a municipality in Wunsiedel in Bavaria in Germany.

Hohenberg an der Eger

Hohenberg an der Eger is a town in Wunsiedel, in Upper Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Eger, on the border with the Czech Republic, 11 km west of Cheb, and 14 km northeast of Marktredwitz.

Kirchenlamitz

Kirchenlamitz () is a town in Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Fichtelgebirge, 13 km northwest of Wunsiedel and 19 km south of Hof.

Marktleuthen

Marktleuthen () is a municipality in Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Eger, 10 km north of Wunsiedel and 11 km southwest of Selb.

Marktredwitz

Marktredwitz () is a town in Wunsiedel, in Bavaria, Germany, close to the Czech border. It is 22 km west of Cheb, 50 km east of Bayreuth and 50 km south of Hof/Saale. Marktredwitz station is at the junction of the Nuremberg–Cheb railway and the Munich–Hof railway.

Badhaai Do

Badhaai Do () is a 2022 Indian Hindi-language comedy-drama movie.

It is written by Suman Adhikary and Akshat Ghildial, and directed by Harshavardhan Kulkarni. The film is produced by Junglee Pictures. It serves as a spiritual sequel to the 2018 film Badhaai Ho. It stars Rajkummar Rao and Bhumi Pednekar as a couple in a lavender marriage. The principal photography began on 5 January 2021 in Dehradun. "Badhaai Do" theatricallly released on 11 February 2022.


Raima Islam Shimu

Raima Islam Shimu (mononymously known as Shimu) was a Bangladeshi actress, model and TV producer, who has starred in 25 films and numerous TV dramas since 1998.

Shimu went missing on January 16, 2022, and her dismembered body was discovered in a sack the following day on January 17, 2022. Shimu's husband Sakhawat Ali Nobel was depressed due to various reasons including closure of business. He gradually became suspicious of his wife being unfaithful. This led to marital quarrels, which eventually led to her death by her husband. Shimu reported her husband being abusive to the police sometimes earlier her death. Her husband and his friend planned and executed the murder, and later confessed to the police on January 19.

Mark Tseitlin

Mark Tseitlin (; ; 23 September 1943 – 25 January 2022) was a Soviet-born Israeli chess player. He was awarded the title of International Master in 1978 and that of Grandmaster in 1997. Tseitlin was born in Frunze, Kyrgyz SSR, Soviet Union.

Tseitlin died in Beer Sheva, Israel on 25 January 2022, at the age of 78. 

Michael Beahan

Michael Eamon Beahan (21 January 1937 – 30 January 2022) was a British-born Australian Labor politician. He was the 19th President of the Australian Senate from 1 February 1994 to 30 June 1996. He was a Senator representing Western Australia in the Australian Senate from 1987 to 1996. Beahan was born in London, England.

Beahan was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia on Australia Day 2011.

Beahan died on 30 January 2022 in Melbourne, Australia, nine days after his 85th birthday.

2022 Guinea-Bissau coup d'état attempt

A failed coup d'état happened in Guinea-Bissau on 1 February 2022. Gunfire was heard coming from the government house in Bissau. 

A few hours later, president Umaro Sissoco Embalo said the coup over, he said that "many" members of the security forces had been killed in a "failed attack against democracy."

Wolfgang Schwanitz

Wolfgang Schwanitz (26 June 1930 – 1 February 2022) was a East German communist official. He was the last head of the Stasi from 1989 until 1990. He did not hold the title "Minister of State Security", but held the title of "Leader of the Office for National Security".

Schwanitz died on 1 February 2022, at the age of 91.

Erich Mielke

Erich Fritz Emil Mielke (; 28 December 1907 ; Wedding, Berlin, Brandenburg, Prussia, Imperial Germany – 21 May 2000 ; Berlin, Germany) was a East German communist and possibly a former Nazi Party official in the SS or the Wehrmacht . He was head of the East German Ministry for State Security ("Ministerium für Staatsicherheit" – MfS), better known as the Stasi, from 1957 appointed by Walter Ulbricht who was leader from 1950-1971 until shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 lead by Erich Honecker .

Mielke died on 21 May 2000 at a nursing home in Berlin at the age of 92 just almost 11 year’s after the Fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 .

John Ngu Foncha

John Ngu Foncha (June 21, 1916 – April 10, 1999) was a Cameroonian politician who was the Prime Minister of British Cameroons from February 1, 1959 to October 1, 1961, then Prime Minister of West Cameroon from independence (October 1, 1961) to May 13, 1965. He later became an opponent, close to the separatists of the Southern Cameroons National Council (SCNC).
He created the Kamerun National Democratic Party (KNDP) in 1955 and became the Prime Minister of British Cameroons on 1 February 1959. He occupied this position until 1 October 1961, when the region was joined with French-speaking Cameroon to form a federation.
From 1 October 1961 to 13 May 1965, Foncha was both the 5th Prime Minister of Cameroon and Vice-President of the Federal Republic of Cameroon. He was Vice President of the Federal Republic of Cameroon until 1970.
In 1994, he led a delegation of the Southern Cameroons National Council (SCNC) to the United Nations to demand support for the movement for greater autonomy in Cameroon's two English-speaking regions. His grandson is Jean-Christian Foncha.
He died in Bamenda on 10 April 1999 at the age of 82.

Tito Stagno

Tito Stagno (4 January 1930 – 1 February 2022) was an Italian journalist, television writer and presenter. Stagno started his career as a sports commentator in Radio Cagliari and as a reporter in Radiosera. In 1954 he began working for RAI. He is best known for being the commentator of the 1969 moon landing.

Stagno died on 1 February 2022 in Rome, at the age of 92.

1976 AFC Asian Cup

The 1976 AFC Asian Cup was the 6th edition of the men's AFC Asian Cup. The finals were hosted by Iran between 3 and 13 June 1976. The field of six teams was split into two groups of three. Iran won their third title in a row. They beated Kuwait in the final.

Ezio Frigerio

Ezio Frigerio (16 July 1930 – 2 February 2022) was an Italian costume designer and art director. He was born in Milan, Italy. 

Frigerio created the sets for Liliana Cavani's movie "Galileo e i Cannibali" and Jean-Paul Rappeneau's "Cyrano de Bergerac", which got an Oscar nomination in 1991.

He designed the grave of Rudolf Nureyev. Frigerio also worked with Italian costume designer Franca Squarciapino who was also his life partner.

Frigerio died on 2 February 2022 in Lecco, Italy, at the age of 91.

Jean-Paul Rappeneau

Jean-Paul Rappeneau (born 8 April 1932) is a French movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Auxerre, Yonne, France. His career began in 1960. The first movie he wrote and directed was "A Matter of Resistance" in 1965. He began writing only for his movies with "Le Sauvage" in 1975. He is known for his 1990 movie "Cyrano de Bergerac".

Franca Squarciapino

Franca Squarciapino (born 1940) is an Italian costume designer. She won the Academy Award for Best Costume Design in 1990 for "Cyrano de Bergerac". She was the official costume designer for the Burgtheater in Vienna, Royal Opera at Covent Garden, the Metropolitan Opera, the Vienna State Opera, and Zurich Opera.

Squarciapino worked with Ezio Frigerio many times, who was also her life partner.

Jalal (given name)

Jalal () is a masculine given or family name. The name or word Jalal means majesty and is used to honor and venerate.

When the Arabic language spread across non-Arabic regions, Jalal has also become a name for some Arabic-speaking Christians, non-Arab Muslims, and non-Arabs and has been added to other language dictionaries with the majestic meaning.

Another form is Galal, where the first letter "ج" is pronounced like hard g /"g"/ in English. Galal might have other meanings in different languages. 

This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).

The word Jalal could be found in many history, art, religious, and poetry books. For example:





Noel Treacy

Noel Treacy (18 December 1951 – 2 February 2022) was an Irish Fianna Fáil politician. He was a Teachta Dála (TD) for the Galway East constituency from 1982 to 2011. He was also the Minister of State for European Affairs between 2004 until 2007 during the Bertie Ahern government. He was also the Minister of State at the Department of Finance between 1987 until 1989 and again from 1992 until 1993. Treacy was born in Ballinasloe, Ireland.

Treacy died in County Galway, Ireland on 2 February 2022, at the age of 70.

Ramesh Deo

Ramesh Deo (30 January 1929 – 2 February 2022) was an Indian actor. He was born in Amravati, then-British India. His career began in 1955. His best known movie roles were in "Aarti", "Anand", "Aap Ki Kasam" and "Mere Apne".

Deo died of a heart attack in Mumbai, India on 2 February 2022, three days after his 93rd birthday.

Dalip Tahil

Dalip Tahil (born Dalip Tahilramani; 30 October 1952) is an Indian actor. Tahil is best known for his work in "Qayamat Se Qayamat Tak" (1988), "Baazigar" (1993), "Hum hai rahi pyar ke" (1993) and "Raja" (1995).

He studied at Sherwood College in Nainital, India. After attending Aligarh Muslim University for a year, he graduated from St. Xavier's College, Mumbai.

Kambiz

Kambiz is a Persian male given name meaning 'prosperous, fortunate'. The name is commonly used in Iran, Pakistan and Turkey. Variants include Kami. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).



Ellen Tiedtke

Ellen Tiedtke (March 16, 1930 – February 1, 2022) was a Polish-born German actress, cabaret artist and singer. She was born in Biskupiec, present-day Poland. Her career began in the 1960s. She is known for hosting the children's television show "Ellentie" from 1983 until 1991. An actress, she appeared in "Ohne Pass in fremden Betten" and "The Fiancee". She worked with DEFA during most of her career.

Tiedtke died on February 1, 2022 at a Berlin hospital from congestive heart failure, aged 91.

Nagel (Fichtelgebirge)

Nagel is a municipality in Wunsiedel in Bavaria in Germany.

Leon Silver

Leon Theodore Silver (April 9, 1925 – January 31, 2022) was an American geologist. He was professor of geology at the California Institute of Technology (Caltech). He was an instructor to the Apollo 13, 15, 16, and 17 astronaut crews. He taught astronauts how to perform field geology and created lunar field geology.

He became a member of the United States National Academy of Sciences in 1974. 

Silver died on January 31, 2022 in Arcadia, California, at the age of 96.

Röslau

Röslau is a municipality in Wunsiedel in Bavaria in Germany.

Nicolas Capaldo

Nicolás Capaldo Toboas (born 14 September 1998) is an Argentine professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg in the Austrian Bundesliga.

Capaldo played in the youth of Deportivo Mac Allister. In 2015 he went on to the Boca Juniors academy. Capaldo made his debut in professional football during a Argentine Primera División match against Defensa y Justicia on 24 February 2019. In June 2021 he went on to the Austrian club Red Bull Salzburg and signed a contract till 2026.

In September 2019 he was called up in the Argentina U23s national football team. He played his first match a few days later against Colombia and scored his first goal for the team against Chile in a 1–0 win.

Boca Juniors

Argentina U23

Red Bull Salzburg

Richard White (politician)

Richard White (born November 4, 1952) is an American businessman and Republican politician. White was elected a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives in 2020.

In February 2022, White was hospitalized under critical condition in Frankfort, Kentucky for internal bleeding.

Frank White (British politician)

Frank Richard White (born 11 November 1939) is a Labour Party British politician. He was the Mayor of Bolton between 2005 until 2006. He was also a member of the British Parliament between 1974 until 1983. He represented Bury and Radcliffe. White retired from politics in 2009.

Osteopenia

Osteopenia, preferably known as "low bone mass" or "low bone density", is a condition in which bone mineral density is low. This makes the bones weaker which cause a higher risk of fractures, and some people may go on to develop osteoporosis. In 2010, 43 million older adults in the United States had osteopenia.

Megaforce Records

Megaforce Records is an American independent record label. Jon Zazula and his wife Marsha Zazula started it in 1982 to sell the first works of Metallica. Its offices are in New York City and Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The label is distributed in the United States by RED Distribution.

Megaforce artists that have appeared on the Billboard Top 200 chart include Metallica, Blue October, Anthrax, Overkill, Testament, Mushroomhead, Ministry, Bad Brains, and Meat Puppets.

Beaubreuil

Beaubreuil is the largest outer district of Limoges (Haute-Vienne), extending over approximately 230 hectares, and one of the most populated. Completely separated from the central urban fabric of the city by the Bois de la Bastide, its architecture is typical of a concerted development zone from the 1970s to the 1990s, alternating large complexes, residential areas and commercial spaces.

The youth policy was completed in 2019: as part of the district's urban renewal program, the former day hospital was completely refurbished into a childhood center: the Sanfourche youth center inaugurated in 2018.
The Cora shopping center (1988), formerly Radar (1972), which brings together other brands within the La Coupole shopping center, occupies an important place. Right next to the latter is also the municipal cultural center Jean Moulin.

Unified Extensible Firmware Interface

The Unified Extensible Firmware Interface (UEFI) is in the boot sequence before the operating system and after the firmware. UEFI replaces the legacy BIOS firmware interface found in all IBM computers. Most UEFI implementations are backwards-compatible to the legacy BIOS. UEFI supports remote diagnostics and repairing of computers, even when there isn't an operating system.

Intel made the Extensible Firmware Interface (EFI). Some of the EFI's usage and formats mimic those of Windows. In 2005, EFI 1.10 (the final release) was deprecated.

The motivation for EFI came during early development of the first Intel–HP Itanium systems in the mid-1990s. Limitations had become too restrictive for the server platforms Itanium was looking for. The effort to address these restrictions began in 1998 and was first called the "Intel Boot Initiative". It was renamed to "Extensible Firmware Interface" (EFI).

In July 2005, Intel stopped its development of the EFI specification at version 1.10, and gave it to the Unified EFI Forum, which has developed the specification as the "Unified Extensible Firmware Interface" (UEFI). The original EFI specification remains owned by Intel, which exclusively provides licenses for EFI-based products, but the UEFI specification is owned by the UEFI Forum.
Version 2.0 of UEFI was released on 31 January 2006. It added cryptography and security.

Version 2.1 of UEFI was released on 7 January 2007. It added network authentication and the user interface architecture.

The latest UEFI specification, version 2.9, was released in March 2021.
The first open source UEFI implementation, Tiano, was released by Intel in 2004. Tiano has since then been succeeded by EDK and EDK2 and is now maintained by the TianoCore community.

UEFI firmware provides several technical advantages over a traditional BIOS system:


Beyond loading an OS, UEFI can run "UEFI applications", which stay as files on the EFI System Partition. They can be executed from the UEFI Shell, by the firmware's boot manager, or by other UEFI apps. "UEFI apps" can be developed and installed independently of the original equipment manufacturers (OEMs).

A type of UEFI application is an OS boot loader such as GRUB, rEFInd, Gummiboot, and Windows Boot Manager; which loads some OS files into memory and executes them. Also, an OS boot loader can provide a user interface to allow the selection of another UEFI application to run. Utilities like the UEFI Shell are also UEFI applications.

EFI defines protocols as a set of software interfaces used for communication between two binary modules. All EFI drivers must provide services to others via protocols. The EFI Protocols are similar to the BIOS interrupt calls.

The EFI 1.0 specification defined a Universal Graphic Adapter) protocol as a way to support graphics features. UEFI did not include it and replaced it with GOP (Graphics Output Protocol).

UEFI 2.1 defined a "Human Interface Infrastructure" to manage user input, localized strings, fonts, and forms (in the HTML sense). These enable original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) or independent BIOS vendors (IBVs) to design graphical interfaces for pre-boot configuration.

Most early UEFI firmware implementations were console-based. Today many UEFI firmware implementations are GUI-based.

SEC – Security Phase is the first stage of the UEFI boot but may have platform specific code. It is built as code written in assembly language for the specific architecture. It initializes temporary memory (often CPU cache as RAM) and serves as the system's software root of trust.

PEI – Pre-EFI Initialization. This second stage of UEFI contains a dependency-aware dispatcher that loads and runs PEI modules to handle hardware tasks such as main memory initialization and firmware recovery operations. It's also responsible for the discovery of the boot mode and handling many ACPI S0ix/ACPI S3 operations. In the case of ACPI S0ix/ACPI S3 resume, it is responsible for restoring many hardware registers to a pre-sleep state. PEI also uses CPU cache as RAM.

DXE – Driver Execution Environment is made of C modules and a dependency-aware dispatcher. With main memory now available, CPU, chipset, mainboard and boot devices are initialized in DXE and BDS.

BDS – Boot Device Select is a part of the DXE. In this stage, boot devices are initialized, UEFI drivers or Option ROMs of PCI devices are executed according to system configuration, and boot options are processed.

TSL – Transient System Load is the stage between boot device selection and hand-off to the OS. At this point one may enter UEFI shell, or execute an UEFI application such as the OS boot loader.

RT – Runtime - The UEFI hands off to the operating system (OS) after is executed. A UEFI compatible OS is now responsible for exiting boot services triggering the firmware to unload all no longer needed code and data, leaving only runtime services code/data, e.g. SMM and ACPI. A typical modern OS will prefer to use its own programs (such as kernel drivers) to control hardware devices.

When a legacy OS is used, CSM will handle this call making sure that the system is compatible with legacy BIOS expectations.

Many digital rights activists have protested against UEFI. Some experts have blamed UEFI as an attempt to remove the ability of the user to control the computer. It does not solve the BIOS's long-standing problems of requiring two different drivers—one for the firmware and one for the operating system—for most hardware.

Open-source project TianoCore also provides UEFI interfaces. TianoCore doesn't have the specialized drivers that initialize functions, which are instead provided by coreboot, of which TianoCore is one of many payload options. The development of coreboot requires cooperation from CPU manufacturers to provide the specifications needed to develop initialization drivers.

In 2011, Microsoft announced that computers certified to run its Windows 8 operating system had to release with Microsoft's public key enrolled and Secure Boot enabled. Following the announcement, Microsoft was accused by critics and free software/open source advocates (including the Free Software Foundation) of trying to use the Secure Boot functionality of UEFI to prevent the installation of alternative operating systems such as Linux. Microsoft denied that the Secure Boot requirement was intended to serve as a form of lock-in. They also clarified its requirements by stating that 32-bit-based systems certified for Windows 8 must allow Secure Boot to enter custom mode or be disabled, but not on systems using the ARM architecture. Windows 10 allows OEMs to decide whether or not Secure Boot can be changed by users of their 32-bit systems.
Other developers concerned about the issues of implementing support for Secure Boot on Linux systems in general. Former Red Hat developer Matthew Garrett noted that conditions in the GNU General Public License version 3 may prevent the use of the GNU GRand Unified Bootloader without a distribution's developer disclosing the private key (however, the Free Software Foundation has since clarified its position, assuring that the responsibility to make keys available was held by the hardware manufacturer), and that it would also be difficult for advanced users to build custom kernels that could function with Secure Boot enabled without self-signing them. Other developers suggested that signed builds of Linux with another key could be provided, but noted that it would be difficult to persuade OEMs to ship their computers with the required key alongside the Microsoft key.
It has been disputed whether the operating system kernel and its modules must be signed as well; while the UEFI specifications do not require it, Microsoft has asserted that their contractual requirements do, and that it reserves the right to revoke any certificates used to sign code that can be used to compromise the security of the system. In Windows, only the WHQL kernel driver is allowed if Secure Boot is enabled. In February 2013, another Red Hat developer attempted to submit a patch to the Linux kernel that would allow it to parse Microsoft's authenticode signing using a master X.509 key embedded in PE files signed by Microsoft. However, the proposal was criticized by Linux creator Linus Torvalds, who attacked Red Hat for supporting Microsoft's control over the Secure Boot infrastructure.



Wilfrido Lucero

Wilfrido Lucero Bolaños (28 December 1935 – 1 February 2022) was an Ecuadorian lawyer and politician. He was the Mayor of Tulcán from 1967 until 1970. He was also the Prefect of Carchi from 1970 until 1974. He was a member of the National Congress from 1979 until 1990 and again from 1998 until 2007. He was also the Congress's President from 1988 until 1990 and again from 2005 until 2007. Lucero was born in Tulcán

Lucero died on 1 February 2022 in Tulcán, aged 86.

List of ISO 639-1 codes

ISO 639 is a standard way to classify languages. Each language is given a two-letter (639-1) and three-letter ( and ) lowercase abbreviation, amended in later versions of the nomenclature. 
(for example, English gets abbreviated to en.) 
This table lists all of:


And some of:


Note: Colors on the leftmost column represent the language family mentioned in the second column.


Mechanicsville, Maryland

Mechanicsville is an unincorporated community and census-designated place in St. Mary's County, Maryland, United States. As of the 2020 Census, Mechanicsville had a population of 1,673 people.

Boyds, Maryland

Boyds is an unincorporated community in rural Montgomery County, Maryland, United States. It is about north of Washington, D.C. Its ZIP Code is 20841.

According to the United States 2010 Census, the population of 10,460. 

Schirnding

Schirnding is a municipality in Wunsiedel in Bavaria in Germany. Schirnding station is a border station on the Nuremberg–Cheb railway.

Selb

Selb is a town in Wunsiedel, in Upper Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. It is in the Fichtelgebirge, on the border with the Czech Republic, 20 km northwest of Cheb and 23 km southeast of Hof.

Jerónimo de Sousa

Jerónimo Carvalho de Sousa (; born 13 April 1947) is a Portuguese politician. He has been General Secretary of the Portuguese Communist Party since November 2004.

He is a member of the Assembly of the Republic. He was also a candidate for President of Portugal in the 2006 election.

Thiersheim

Thiersheim is a municipality in Wunsiedel in Bavaria in Germany.

Thierstein, Bavaria

Thierstein is a municipality in Wunsiedel in Bavaria in Germany.

Tröstau

Tröstau is a municipality in Wunsiedel in Bavaria in Germany.

Loures

Loures () is a city in the central Portuguese Grande Lisboa Subregion. It is 13 km to the north of Lisbon. It was created on 26 July 1886. The population in 2011 was 199,494, in an area of 167.24 km².

Wunsiedel

 is in the Fichtelgebirge Mountains in the valley of the at the foot of the Plateau.

The town's borough has the following villages (year of incorporation in brackets):

Wunsiedel is twinned with:



Holenbrunn

Holenbrunn is a village in the Fichtel Mountains. It is part of the town Wunsiedel in Upper Franconia in Bavaria in Germany.

Schönbrunn (Fichtelgebirge)

Schönbrunn () is a village in the middle of the Fichtelgebirge mountains in Bavaria, Germany. Since 1975 it is part of the town Wunsiedel. It has about 1,400 residents, including the village Furthammer.


Peter Lai

Peter Lai is a Hong Kong lyricist and actor.

In the 1970s and 1980s, he co-wrote many lyrics of the first Cantopop songs with Sam Hui. He also wrote songs for Anita Mui, Leslie Cheung, Alan Tam among other Hong Kong pop stars. Peter Lai, along with Jim Wong, Jimmy Lo and Cheng Kwok Kong, are the first generation of Cantopop lyricists in Hong Kong.

Lai has also worked as a screenwriter and film producer for Golden Harvest Film Company and TVB. Since the 1990s, he has acted in movies and TV dramas.

Altertheim

Altertheim is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

45th Canadian federal election

The 45th Canadian federal election will take place on or before 20 October 2025 to elect members of the House of Commons to the 45th Canadian Parliament. 

The date of the election is not yet known. Since the current government is a minority government, the election can happen before the scheduled date if the Governor General of Canada dissolves Parliament or at the recommendation of the Prime Minister of Canada for a snap election.

Fustanella

Fustanella (; ) is a pleated, or folded, skirt like a Scottish kilt. It is worn by men from different countries in Southeast Europe.

The fustanella originates from ancient Greek clothing like the "chiton" (or tunic) and the "chitonium" (or short military tunic). An ancient Greek statue in Attica shows a stonecutter named Archedemus wearing a folded skirt like the fustanella. The ancient Roman toga may have also impacted the development of the fustanella.

In the Byzantine Empire, the fustanella was worn and called the "podea" (). It was commonly used in Greek lands as early as the 12th century AD. In Byzantine art and music, the wearer of the "podea" was either a hero or a Greek warrior defending the empire's borders. The fustanella was part of a military outfit consisting of bows, swords, battle-axes and armor (corselet or chain mail). In the Ottoman Empire, the fustanella was worn by Greek guerillas like the klephts and the armatoloi. In Albania, the fustanella is first mentioned in 1335 in a list of items taken from a sailor at the port of the Drin River. 

The Albanian fustanella is based on the Greek fustanella. But the difference is in the number of pleats. The "Bridegroom's coat" is a Greek fustanella with two-hundred pleats that a bride would buy as a wedding gift for her groom. The Albanian fustanella has around sixty pleats or usually a moderate amount of folds.





Buck Wild

Buckminster "Buck" Wild is a weasel that appeared in "". He is missing his right eye and wears a leaf as an impromptu eyepatch, as well as having a scar on one of his ears and seems slightly insane (he claims that he woke up one day, married to an ugly pineapple, but he still loved "her", and Manny calls him a "deranged hermit." He also claims to have sadly been "killed by Rudy," although he was not). According to the official website, Buck is one-eyed and relentless in his hunting for dinosaurs. Buck's archenemy is a large albino Baryonyx he calls Rudy, who gouged out Buck's eye and attempted to eat him, but failed after Buck grabbed onto to Rudy's uvula, swung on it, and then let go, knocking out Rudy's teeth, which he kept and later sharpened into a knife that he carries with him. Buck is the only inhabitant of the dinosaurs' world who does not fear Rudy in the slightest, though he possesses a deep respect for him. Due to living underground for so long, he has an extensive knowledge of the dangers of the dinosaur world.

Buck first met Manny, Crash, Eddie, Diego, and Ellie (who he at one point refers to as "preggers") after they descend into the jungle in pursuit of Sid and Momma, and saves them from a dinosaur attack. He has been living in the jungle for quite some time, persistently hunting Rudy to avenge the loss of his eye, and agrees to lead them to Lava Falls, where Momma has taken Sid, and rescues him after taking control of a Harpactognathus. After Rudy's potential death, Buck, having lost his purpose in life, decides to join the herd and live on the surface. Upon hearing a distant familiar roar that tells him that Rudy survived the fall, he chooses to stay and causes a cave-in that seals off the path between the surface and the underground jungle, trapping him inside and everyone else on the surface. He and Rudy proceed to continue their battle.

Buck and Rudy make brief cameos in "Scrat's Continental Crack-Up" and "" when Scrat falls through the Earth and passes them.

He returns to help the herd with an ancient stone pillar and rejoins them to stop the asteroid in "" while being pursued by a family of Dino-Birds.

Due to being voiced by Simon Pegg, Buck speaks with a British accent.

Open Market

The phrase "open market" describes an economic system like free trade. It can also mean banks trading assets. 

In economics, a market is open if the government doesn't have very many rules for the market, if a lot of competition is possible, if there aren't many tariffs, and if there aren't traditions that make it harder to do trade.An open market also means one where no one has a monopoly and where there isn't any protectionism.

In banking, open market operations means when a bank decides to but or sell government bonds.

HAT-p-40

HAT-p-40 b is a gas giant exoplanet which orbits an F-type star. The F-type star is right after an G-type star. 
The mass of HAT-p-40 b is 0.48 Jupiters. It takes 4.5 days to complete one orbit around it's F-type star. HAT-p-40 b was discovered in 2012. HAT-p-40 b is about 1411.9 lightyears away from our Solar System.

An F-type star is one of the many type of stars, ranging lowest at an M-type star than an K-type star and after that an G-type start which is our sun type. The type of star determines it's characteristics. There is also an F-type main-sequence star which is a is a main-sequence, hydrogen-fusing star of spectral type F and luminosity class V2.

Remi De Roo

Remi Joseph De Roo (February 24, 1924 – February 1, 2022) was a Canadian Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1950. He became the Bishop of Victoria in 1962. He retired in 1999. He was born in Swan Lake, Manitoba. He was Canada’s longest-serving Catholic bishop.

De Roo died on February 1, 2022 in Victoria, British Columbia at the age of 97.

Kendall Fuller

Kendall Christopher Fuller (born February 13, 1995) is an American football cornerback for the Washington Commanders of the National Football League (NFL). He also played for the Kansas City Chiefs.

Taylor Heinicke

Taylor Heinicke ( ; born March 15, 1993) is an American football quarterback for the Atlanta Falcons of the National Football League (NFL). He began playing for them in 2020.

Matt Ioannidis

Matthew Ioannidis ( ; born January 11, 1994) is an American football defensive tackle who is a free agent.

Ringoes, New Jersey

Ringoes is an unincorporated community and census-designated place located within East Amwell Township in Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States. 849 people lived here in 2020.

East Amwell Township, New Jersey

East Amwell Township is a township in Hunterdon County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 3,917.

Alexander Wennberg

Alexander Wennberg (born 22 September 1994) is a Swedish professional ice hockey player. He currently plays for the Seattle Kraken of the National Hockey League (NHL). He used to play for the Columbus Blue Jackets and Florida Panthers.

Aub

Aub () is a town in Würzburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is southeast of Würzburg, and northwest of Rothenburg ob der Tauber.

It is on the river Gollach, not far from the border of Baden-Württemberg. Aub is divided into three parts: Aub, Baldersheim, and Burgerroth.


Joonas Donskoi

Joonas Donskoi (born 13 April 1992) is a Finnish professional ice hockey forward. He currently plays for the Seattle Kraken of the National Hockey League (NHL). He has also played for the San Jose Sharks and Colorado Avalanche. 

Jordan Eberle

Jordan Leslie Eberle (; born May 15, 1990) is a Canadian professional ice hockey right winger and alternate captain of the Seattle Kraken of the National Hockey League (NHL). 

He was named the best Canadian World Junior Player ever, being the only player to have earned points in all 12 career games played, the longest career scoring streak in team history by five games.

Yanni Gourde

Yanni Gourde (born December 15, 1991) is a Canadian professional ice hockey forward and alternate captain of the Seattle Kraken of the National Hockey League (NHL).

Gourde signed with the Tampa Bay Lightning as a free agent in 2014. Gourde won back-to-back Stanley Cups with the Lightning in 2020 and 2021.

Gourde and his wife Marie-Andrée had their first child in 2018.

Philipp Grubauer

Philipp Grubauer (born 25 November 1991) is a German professional ice hockey goaltender for the Seattle Kraken of the National Hockey League (NHL).

He was drafted by the Washington Capitals in the fourth round in 2010. Grubauer has played with the German national team. Grubauer won the Stanley Cup as a member of the Washington Capitals in 2018.

In April 2015, while playing for the Capitals, Grubauer became the first German-born goaltender to start and win a Stanley Cup playoff game.

Calle Järnkrok

Calle Järnkrok (born 25 September 1991), nicknamed "Ironhook" is a Swedish professional ice hockey player. He currently plays for the Seattle Kraken of the National Hockey League (NHL).

1201 Third Avenue

1201 Third Avenue (formerly Washington Mutual Tower) is a , 55-story skyscraper in Seattle, in the U.S. state of Washington. It is the third-tallest building in the city, the eighth-tallest on the West Coast of the United States, and the 97th-tallest in the United States. 

Rainier Square Tower

Rainier Square Tower is a mixed-use skyscraper in the Metropolitan Tract of downtown Seattle, Washington. It is tall.

Marcus Johansson (ice hockey, born 1990)

Marcus Lars Johansson (born 6 October 1990) is a Swedish professional ice hockey forward who currently plays for the Seattle Kraken of the National Hockey League. 

Adam Larsson

Nils Erik Adam Larsson (born 12 November 1992) is a Swedish professional ice hockey defenceman. He is the alternate captain of the Seattle Kraken of the National Hockey League (NHL). He was selected fourth overall by the New Jersey Devils in the 2011 draft. Larsson was the first defenceman and first European-trained player to be drafted in 2011.

Rogers Place

Rogers Place is a multi-use indoor arena in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada. Construction started in March 2014. The building officially opened on September 8, 2016. The arena can hold 18,500 people during hockey games and 20,734 during concerts.

Little Caesars Arena

Little Caesars Arena is an arena in Detroit, Michigan. Construction began on April 24, 2015. It opened on September 5, 2017. It replaced the Joe Louis Arena and The Palace of Auburn Hills as the home of the Detroit Red Wings of the National Hockey League (NHL) and the Detroit Pistons of the National Basketball Association (NBA).

Prudential Center

Prudential Center is an arena in Newark, New Jersey, United States. It was designed by HOK Sport (now Populous). It opened in 2007. It is the home of the New Jersey Devils of the National Hockey League (NHL) and the men's basketball program of Seton Hall University, known as the Seton Hall Pirates. 

The arena can hold 16,514 people for hockey games and up to 18,711 for basketball games. It has the nickmane of "The Rock". 


UBS Arena

UBS Arena is an arena at Belmont Park in Elmont, New York. It opened on November 19, 2021. It is the home of the New York Islanders of the National Hockey League (NHL) and New York of the Professional Women's Hockey League (PWHL).


Uniondale, New York

Uniondale is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) in Nassau County. Long Island, New York in the Town of Hempstead, United States. The population was 32,473 at the 2020 United States Census.

In the 2010s, the nearby CDP of East Garden City became part of Uniondale in a controversial move.

1980 AFC Asian Cup

The 1980 AFC Asian Cup was the 7th edition of the men's AFC Asian Cup, a quadrennial international football tournament organised by the Asian Football Confederation. The finals were hosted by Kuwait between 15 and 30 September 1980. The field of ten teams was split into two groups of five.

East Garden City, New York

East Garden City was a census-designated place (CDP) in the northeast part of the Town of Hempstead, in the central part of Nassau County, New York, United State. It is near the Hempstead/North Hempstead town line. The population was 6,208 at the 2010 census. It is now part of Uniondale CDP.

Glenn Wheatley

Glenn Dawson Wheatley (23 January 1948 – 1 February 2022) was an Australian musician, talent manager and music promoter. Wheatley began his career as a musician in the mid-1960s. He played for the pop rock band the Masters Apprentices as bass guitarist. He was later a manager for Little River Band and John Farnham.

Wheatley died on 1 February 2022 in Melbourne at the age of 74 from problems caused by COVID-19.


Adnan Abu Odeh

Adnan Abu Odeh (; 10 November 1933 – 2 February 2022) was a Jordanian politician. He was Minister of Culture from 1970 to 1972. He was in the Senate from 1974 to 1982. He was born in Nablus, Mandatory Palestine. He was a member of the Hizb ut-Tahrir.

Abu Odeh died in Amman, Jordan on 2 February 2022 at the age of 88.

Candice Bergen (politician)

Candice Marie Bergen (born September 28, 1964) is a Canadian politician. She was the interim leader of the Conservative Party of Canada and the leader of the Opposition from February 2, 2022 to September 10, 2022. Bergen was Deputy Leader of the Conservative Party and Deputy Leader of the Opposition under Erin O'Toole from September 2020 to February 2022. She has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Portage—Lisgar in Manitoba since 2008.

She was Minister of State for Social Development during the Stephen Harper government. She also was the Opposition House Leader under Rona Ambrose and Andrew Scheer opposition governments from 2016 until 2020.

Sierra Madre Occidental

The Sierra Madre Occidental (Spanish for "Western part of the Mother Range") is a mountain range. It is in Mexico.

The Sierra Madre Occidental is about 780 miles long (1250 km). It runs along the Gulf of California. It goes from Sonora in the north to the Sierra Madre del Sur in the South.

These mountains have deserts nearer to sea level and oak forests further up. Because there are many deep river valleys, the mountains affect the rain. There are many places where the air is very wet. That means many different kinds of plants and animals can live in the Sierra Madre Occidental. Scientists call this biodiversity.

Olivier Léonhardt

Olivier Léonhardt (29 January 1964 – 2 February 2022) was a French politician. He was a member of the Socialist Party and later the Miscellaneous left. He was in the Senate from 2017 until his death. He was also the Mayor of Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois from 2001 until his death. He was born in Suresnes, France.

Léonhardt died of cancer on 2 February 2022, four days after his 58th birthday.

Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois, Essonne

Sainte-Geneviève-des-Bois (often abbreviated to SGdB) is a commune in the southern suburbs of Paris, France. It is 23.5 km (14.6 miles) from the center of Paris.

Nokia 6500 classic

Nokia 6500 classic (known name is: Nokia 6500c) was an mobile phone developed of Nokia Corporation, it was announced on May 31, 2007 and release on September 3, 2007. In Nokia 6500 slide, Nokia announced they will be release on September 20, 2007, smillar to Nokia 6500 classic.

In May 2007, Nokia announced they will release two phones, they were smillar to the Nokia 6300, the two phones names are "Nokia 6500 classic and Nokia 6500c" and "Nokia 6500 slide".

On the 14th of August , 2007. Nokia announced that the Nokia 6500 classic and Nokia 6500 slide will be available on September 3rd, 2007 and on September 20th respectably.

Nokia 6500 classic has begin of <nowiki>"Nokia All World Corporation"</nowiki> in website on October 4, 2007. In November 6, 2007. Nokia 6500 classic and Nokia 6500 slide by Nokia has sales at Campagin Shop.

In late 2008, Nokia announced they will be discontinued of Nokia 6500 classic and Nokia 6500 slide, because was no longer after release in 2007. In March 2009, Nokia announced that Nokia 6500 classic will be discontinued on June 13, 2009 and Nokia 6500 slide discontinued on July 14, 2009.

In June 13, 2009. Nokia 6500 classic was discontinued and ended of support in Nokia website, in July 14, Nokia 6500 slide was discontinued.

Marco Rose

Marco Rose (born 11 September 1976) is a former player and now German football manager. He manages Borussia Dortmund. He was a defender for Lokomotive Leipzig, Hannover 96 and Mainz 05.

He started his career at Rotation Leipzig. In 1987 he went to Lokomotive Leipzig. This is the club he played ten matches in the second league. In 2000 Rose joined Hannover 96. After the promotion to the Bundesliga in 2002, Rose went to Mainz 05 on loan. After Mainz being promoted signed Rose permanently. He played 199 games for Mainz's first and second team. He scored seven goals, three of them in the Bundesliga.

In the 2010-11 season Rose was assistant coach and player for Mainz 05 II. 2012–13 he was coach of Lokomotive Leipzig.

2013 Rose became coach of Red Bull Salzburg's U16 team. Rose became coach of the U18 team when Thomas Letsch became headcoach of FC Liefering. The team won the Austrian U18 championship in his first season and the UEFA Youth League in April 2017.

2017 he became head coach of the first team following Óscar García. In his first season the team won the Austrian championship. The final of the Austrian cup against Sturm Graz was lost. In the Europa League Salzburg reached the semi-finals, beating teams like Borussia Dortmund and Lazio.

In his second season, RB Salzburg started the league with ten wins in a row which broke the previous record. In the Europa LeagueSalzburg reached the quarter final against Napoli. During his time as Salzburgcoach Rose lost no homematch.

For the 2019–20 season Rose joined Borussia Mönchengladbach. With Gladbach he reaches the knockout stage of the UEFA Champions League.
On 15 February 2021, Mönchengladbach announced that Rose would leave at the end of the season to join Borussia Dortmund.
He is a believing Christian. Rose is the grandson of Walter Rose, who played for the German national football team and different teams from Leipzig in the 1930's and 40's.

Hannover 96

Red Bull Salzburg Youth

Red Bull Salzburg 

Rzon (producer)

Rrezon Alidema, known professionally as Rzon is an Albanian producer who has collaborated with many well-known Albanian artists such as Mozzik, Capital T, Butrint Imeri, Majk, Dafina Zeqiri etc. and also with international stars like Soolking, Tatjana Genrich, and recently did the remix of famous UK rap group OTP song.

King of Albania

The King of Albania served as the Albanian head of state from 1190-1961, It descends way back to the Progoni Dynasty and Skanderbeg 

Mehmed Bushati (1757-1774) 

Mustafa I Bushati (1774-1778) 

Karamahmud Bushati (1778-1796)

Ibrahim Bushati (1796-1810) 

Mustafa II Bushati /Sherifi (1810-1831)

Zog I of Albania (1928-1939) 

Leka Zogu (1943-1945)

Zog (1945-1961)

Carol victor (1961-1973) 

Leka Zogu (2nd time) (1973-2011) 

Leka Zogu II (2011-Present)

CAD

CAD may refer to:

Imam Shamil

Imam Shamil (1797-1871) was the 3rd and last Dagestan Imam from 1834-1859.

Shamil was born to an Avar Muslim Family, He was born in the small village (aul) of Gimry (in present day Dagestan) , His Father, Dengau was a landlord and this position allowed Shamil and his friend Ghazi Mollah to to study many subjects, Including Arabic and Logics, Shamil Became the Imam in 1834, and got Married in 1846 

His Friend Ghazi Mollah died in battle in 1832 , Shamil was one of the only 2 Murids to Escape, but he got severe Wounds, during this fight, He was Stabbed by a Bayonet . After jumping from an elevated stoop clean over the heads of very line of soldiers about to fire on him. Landing Behind Them, Whirling his sword in the left hand, he cut down three of them, But the 4th Bayoneted Him. 

Gamzat-Bek Was killed in 1834 , Shamil took Place as Imam , The Monarchy was overthrown in 1859, Shamil Died in 1871 at the age of 74. 

People's Liberation Army (disambiguation)

People's Liberation Army may refer to:

BSE

BSE may refer to:

NTU

NTU may refer to:

NRT

NRT may refer to:

Deaf-mute


Deaf-mute is a term which refers to deaf people who cannot speak a language. They cannot speak by mouth. Or, they may choose not to speak because of the attention unusual voices attract.

They communicate using sign language.

Today some prefer simply "deaf". However, it may be important for others to know whether a deaf person can speak, even imperfectly.

There is a complete range of intelligence in deaf-mutes. However, the limitations of their language ability may have an effect on their understanding of the external world. Many live communally amongst others who are expert in using their particular sign language. But sign languages differ greatly between countries, and may also differ inside a country.

Goitre and associated deaf-muteism was widespread in Switzerland until the 1920s, when iodised salt was introduced.


SVD

SVD may refer to:

Saint-Pierre, Réunion

Saint Pierre () is a commune in the French overseas department and region of Réunion. It is the third-largest Commune in Réunion. Saint-Pierre is located on the southwest side of the island. It is the capital of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands. The commune began as a port built from 1854 to 1882. It was used for the trade between Asia and Europe. It has 400 sites for fishing and private boating. Most of the commercial boats have moved north to "Le Port". 

The town of Saint-Pierre is at the beginning of the only major road across the island. The road leads to Le Tampon, La Plaine des Cafres and Bourg Murat. There is also easy access to the Piton de la Fournaise.

Pierrefonds Airport is located from the commune. It opened in 1999. This is a small airport for commercial traffic. It has an IATA code of ZSE.

Saint-Pierre is twinned with Beau-Bassin Rose-Hill, Mauritius.

PAP

PAP or Pap may refer to:

2020 Caribbean earthquake

The 2020 Caribbean earthquake was an earthquake that hit the north of Jamaica and south of Cuba with 0 fatalities. The earthquake had a magnitude of 7.7Mw and struck at 14:20 (GMT-5).

ASU

ASU may refer to:

Saur Revolution

The Saur Revolution (pronounced like "sour"; Dari: إنقلاب ثور or ۷ ثور (literally 7th Saur); Pashto: د ثور انقلاب), also romanized Sowr Revolution, and alternatively called the April Revolution or April Coup, was how the People's Democratic Party of Afghanistan (PDPA) overthrew General Mohammad Daoud Khan and his Republic government on 27–28 April 1978. They also formed a new Marxist-Leninist government in Afghanistan.


AFD

AFD may refer to:

IGF

IGF may refer to:

List of PAW Patrol episodes

"PAW Patrol" is a Canadian animated television series created by Keith Chapman. It is produced by Spin Master Entertainment, with animation provided by Guru Studio. In Canada, the series is primarily broadcast on TVOntario, which first ran previews of the show in August 2013. The series premiered on Nickelodeon in the United States on August 12, 2013.

Charadrahyla nephila

The Oaxacan cloud forest tree frog ("Charadrahyla nephila") is a frog that lives in high places in the state of Oaxaca in Mexico. Scientists have seen it between 680 and 2256 meters above sea level. They think it might also live in the Sierra de los Tuxtlas.

The adult male frog is 52.9 to 61.9 mm long from nose to rear end] and the adult female frog is 59.6 to 80.7 mm long.

The adult male frogs and adult female frogs are different colors. The female frog is red-brown and the male frog is gray-brown to almost pink. The bars on the female frog's legs can be a little green, and the bars on the male frog's legs are brown. Female frogs have spots on their sides, and male frogs have light colored sides with green, brown, or black spots.

These frogs lay eggs in streams. The eggs stick to rocks or to wood. They lay 980 to over 2000 eggs at a time. The eggs are about 2 mm long.

This frog is in danger of dying out. This is because human beings change the forests where it lives, cutting down trees for lumber and to build towns.

The scientific name for this frog "nephilia" comes from the Greek language words "nephos" for clouds and "filia" for to love. Together, it means "the frog that loves clouds."

Samora Machel Constituency

Samora Machel Constituency (formerly known as Wanaheda Constituency) is a constituency in Windhoek in the Khomas Region of central Namibia. It had 50,110 people living there in 2011, and 29,382 people in 2001. it had 45,962 registered voters. 
The area which made up the constituency was named Wanaheda during colonial and apartheid times, an acronym for 'Wambos, Namas, Hereros and Damaras', the four peoples that were allowed to live there. In 2003, the constituency was renamed in honour of Mozambican President Samora Machel.

The 2004 regional election was won by John Ya Otto Nankudhu of the SWAPO Party with 8,370 votes. Followed by Victoria Gawanas of the United Democratic Front with 594 votes, Fransiska Hipondoka of the Congress of Democrats with 475 votes, Gabriel Rukero of the National Unity Democratic Organisation with 380 votes, and Adolphe Kaurimuje of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance with 201 votes.
The 2015 regional election was by SWAPO candidate Fanuel San Shivute who gained 8,774 votes. Followed by Tuyenikelao Kanyiki of the Rally for Democracy and Progress with 1,078 votes. 
The SWAPO candidate also won the 2020 regional election, Nestor Kalola of SWAPO received 4,802 votes, followed by Erastus Kupololo of the Independent Patriots for Change with 3,402 votes.

Bergtheim

Bergtheim is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Bieberehren

Bieberehren is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Tauber.

Bütthard

Bütthard is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Eibelstadt

Eibelstadt () is a town in Würzburg, in Bavaria, Germany.

Eibelstadt is among vineyards on the right edge of the Main, 10 km southeast of Würzburg.

Eisenheim

Eisenheim is a market town and municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Main.

Eisingen, Bavaria

Eisingen is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Erlabrunn

Erlabrunn is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany, on the left edge of the river Main. It forms an administrative division together with its neighbour Margetshöchheim.

Erlabrunn is about north of Würzburg. Its neighbours are in the south Margetshöchheim und Veitshöchheim, in the west Leinach and in the north Zellingen and Thüngersheim. It was first mentioned in 1209.

Erlabrunn has had a town twinning arrangement with the French commune Quettehou since 1985.

Estenfeld

Estenfeld is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Frickenhausen am Main

Frickenhausen am Main is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Main. 

Gaukönigshofen

Gaukönigshofen is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Gelchsheim

Gelchsheim is a market town and municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Gerbrunn

Gerbrunn is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany. It is about 3 km from Würzburg.

Geroldshausen

Geroldshausen is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Bektashi

Bektashism or in Turkish language: Bektaşilik and in Albanian language: Tarikati Bektashi, is one of the largest Sufism Dervish Tarika. In the Balkans and East Thrace the European part of Turkey, there are followers in Albania and Kosovo, in North Macedonia, Bosnia and Herzegovina and Bulgaria.
Bektashism dates back to the 13th century. The founder was Haji Bektash Veli. It is very close to Alevism.

Every Person can be a Member of this Tarika.

Giebelstadt

Giebelstadt is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Greußenheim

Greußenheim is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Güntersleben

Güntersleben is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Hausen bei Würzburg

Hausen bei Würzburg is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Hausen bei Würzburg is twinned with Villerville (France).

Helmstadt

Helmstadt is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Helmstadt has two districts:



Helmstadt is twinned with:


Wells of Baján

Wells of Baján (Spanish: Norias de Baján) are water wells located in Coahuila (Mexico). 

Hettstadt

Hettstadt is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Höchberg

Höchberg is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany. Höchberg borders, in the east, directly on the city of Würzburg. Höchberg has two main urban areas: Altort and Hexenbruch. Residential construction areas have been added in recent years, for example "Mehle" 
and " Mehle II".

Badhaai Ho

Badhaai Ho () is a 2018 Indian Hindi-language comedy-drama film. It was directed by Amit Ravindernath Sharma. It was also produced by Sharma, Aleya Sen and Hemant Bhandari under Chrome Pictures and Vineet Jain under Junglee Pictures. The movie stars Ayushmann Khurrana and Neena Gupta with Gajraj Rao, Surekha Sikri, Shardul Rana and Sanya Malhotra in supporting roles. The film tells the story of a middle-aged couple who get pregnant, much to the disappointment of their sons. Based on a script written by Shantanu Srivastava and Akshat Ghildial and a story conceived by Jyoti Kapoor. The plot is loosely based on the 1994 Malayalam movie Pavithram starring Mohanlal and Shobana. 

"Badhaai Ho" got positive reviews and it was also a commercial success. With earnings of over against a budget of , it became the ninth-highest-grossing Bollywood film of 2018. The film won four awards at the 64th Filmfare Awards, including Best Actress (Critics) for Gupta, Best Supporting Actress for Sikri, and Best Supporting Actor for Rao. It also won two National Film Awards: Best Popular Film Providing Wholesome Entertainment, the first time where two films featuring the same lead actor (Khurrana) has won both Best Film awards at the National Awards as Andhadhun won Best Film, and Best Supporting Actress for Sikri. In 2022, a spritual sequel to the film titled "Badhaai Do" was released.


Holzkirchen, Lower Franconia

Holzkirchen is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Kirchheim, Lower Franconia

Kirchheim is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Kist, Bavaria

Kist is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Kleinrinderfeld

Kleinrinderfeld is a municipality within Würzburg, Bavaria, Germany.

Kürnach

Kürnach is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany. The distance from Kürnach to the state capital of Bavaria München is about 221 km (137.6 miles).

ESTIA Institute of Technology

École supérieure des technologies industrielles avancées (ESTIA) is a engineering graduate school in France. The university is in Bidart. It is in a cluster of science and technology universities and "Grandes Écoles".

The school was founded in 1985 to train highly qualified engineers, support continuing education and conduct research. The five-year curriculum aims to train engineers who possess human qualities and knowledge in science and engineering. The school if partners of "Groupe ISAE".



Moses ǁGaroëb Constituency

Moses ǁGaroëb Constituency is a constituency in Windhoek, the capital of Namibia. It had 45,564 people living there in 2011, and 25,642 people in 2001. it had 41,550 registered voters.

The constituency was created in 2003 with the name Western Hakahana when the regional government suggested that the constituency of Hakahana should be split. In 2008 the constituency was named after the politician Moses ǁGaroëb. The eastern part of Hakahana is now called Tobias Hainyeko constituency, named after politician Tobias Hainyeko.

The SWAPO party of Namibia won by a landslide. SWAPO candidate Martin David with 5,330 votes, followed by Paulus Shikwamhanda of the Rally for Democracy and Progress with 286 votes.

Aili Venonya of SWAPO won with 5,983 votes, followed by Tommy Efraim of the Independent Patriots for Change with 3,960 votes.

Louis Vasquez

Luis Fernando "Lucho" Vásquez Díaz (born 3 January 2003) is a Colombian footballer. He plays as a defender for 2. Liga club Liefering on loan from Red Bull Salzburg.
He started at the Academia Alemana de Fútbol Popayán. In January 2021 he went to FC Red Bull Salzburg. He signed a contract till May 2025. Then he was loaned to SV Horn in the Second League. He made his debut for Horn versus SKU Amstetten in February 2021 when he was in the starting XI. For the 2021-22 season he came back to Salzburg and became part of the FC Liefering team.


Angelo Lo Forese

Angelo Lo Forese ( 27 March 1920 Milan – 14 May 2020 Milan), was an Italian tenor.

During World War II, he lived in Switzerland. He studied with Primo Montanari, Emilio Ghirardini, and Aureliano Pertile. 

He debuted as Silvio in "Pagliacci" in 1948"."

He retired to Casa di Riposo per Musicisti.


Zou Diarra

Zoumana Diarra (1 July 1960 Tominian – 28 July 2020) was a Malian musician, instrument maker and composer. 

He played with Leonie Jansen, Marco Borsato and Trijntje Oosterhuis.

Atme

Atme (, also spelled Atma, Atima, Atmeh) is a town in northern Syria, part of the Idlib Governorate. It is located north of Idlib and just east of the border with Turkey. In the 2004 census, it had a population of 2,255.

Tatiana Farnese

Tatiana Idonea (19 April 1924 – 31 January 2022), better known by the stage name of Tatiana Farnese, was an Italian actress. She was born in Rome, Italy. Her best known roles were in "Schoolgirl Diary" (1941), "A Garibaldian in the Convent" (1942), "The Gorgon" (1942), "The Mad Marechiaro" (1952), "Your Whole Life Ahead of You" (2008) and "Three Days Later" (2013).

Farnese died in Rome on 31 January 2022, at the age of 97.

Thomas A. Pankok

Thomas A. Pankok (July 9, 1931 – January 31, 2022) was an American Democratic Party politician. He was in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1982 to 1986. Pankok was born in Salem, New Jersey.

Pankok died on January 31, 2022 in Mannington Township, New Jersey at the age of 90.

Mannington Township, New Jersey

Mannington Township is a township in Salem County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 1,475.

Silvio Santos

Senor Abravanel, known professionally as Silvio Santos (Portuguese: ) (born December 12, 1930), is a Brazilian businessman and television host. He is the owner of SBT, the second largest television network in the country. His net worth was US$3.2 billion in 2020. 

He is the host of the second longest running Brazilian program: " Programa Silvio Santos".

America (band)

America is a rock band that was formed in London in 1970 by Dewey Bunnell, Dan Peek, and Gerry Beckley. They were sons of US Air Force personnel stationed in London.

His first singles were "A Horse with No Name" and "I Need You". 

America won a Grammy Award for Best New Artist and were nominated for Best Pop Vocal Group at the 15th Annual Grammy Awards in 1973. The group were added into the Vocal Group Hall of Fame in 2006 and have a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2012.

Antonio Ortega Franco

Antonio Ortega Franco (22 December 1941 – 1 February 2022) was a Mexican Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Empalme Escobedo, Mexico. Ortega Franco was made a priest in 1968. He was the auxiliary bishop of México between 2004 until 2019.

Ortega Franco died on 1 February 2022 in Mexico City, aged 80.

Trude Feldman

Trude Feldman (August 13, 1924 – January 2022) was an American reporter and columnist. He was a member of the White House Press Corps and State Department Press Corps. She wrote for "McCall's" magazine and for "The New York Times" Syndicate and "The Washington Post". Feldman interviewed every U.S. president between Lyndon B. Johnson and George W. Bush; and every U.S. vice president from Hubert Humphrey to Al Gore. She was raised in Hollywood, California. 

Feldman died in January 2022 in Washington, D.C., at the age of 97.

Second Spanish Republic

The Spanish Republic (), commonly known as the Second Spanish Republic (), was the government in Spain from 1931 to 1939. The Republic was proclaimed on 14 April 1931 and was dissolved on 1 April 1939.

KTM

KTM AG (German: "Kraftfahrzeug Trunkenpolz Mattighofen", formerly KTM Sportmotorcycle AG) is an Austrian company which produces bicycles, motorcycles and sports cars.

Santa Bárbara, Honduras

Santa Bárbara is a city in Honduras. In 2020, about 30,000 people lived there. About 47,000 people lived in its urban area. Santa Barbara is the capital city of the Department with the same name. There is a hospital, a technical university, and a university focusing on educating teachers.

Antonio Segni

Antonio Segni (; 2 February 1891 – 1 December 1972) was an Italian politician. He was the president of Italy from May 1962 to December 1964 and the prime minister two times between 1955 and 1960.

He was the first Sardinian ever to become head of state and government. He was also the second shortest-serving president in the history of the Republic and the first one to resign from office due to illness.

Bill Fitch

William Charles Fitch (May 19, 1932 – February 2, 2022) was an American professional basketball head coach in the National Basketball Association (NBA). He was elected to the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame in 2019. He was a NBA champion in 1981. Fitch coached for the Cleveland Cavaliers, Boston Celtics, Houston Rockets, New Jersey Nets and the Los Angeles Clippers. Fitch was born in Davenport, Iowa.

Fitch died on February 2, 2022 in Conroe, Texas at the age of 89.

Antonio Miró

Antonio Miró (18 March 1947 – 3 February 2022) was a Spanish fashion designer. Miró was born in Sabadell, Spain. He was a costume designer in the 1979 Spanish drama "Caniche". In 1986, he create a fashion company "Antonio Miró". He was one of the founders of the Association of Fashion Creators of Spain. Miró also designed the costumes for the opening ceremony of the 1992 Summer Olympics.

Miró died on 3 February 2022 in Barcelona, Spain from a heart attack, at the age of 74.

Lauro António

Lauro António (18 August 1942 – 3 February 2022) was a Portuguese movie director, producer and screenwriter. His 1980 movie "Morning Undersea" was entered into the 12th Moscow International Film Festival and won a special award. He was born in Lisbon, Portugal. His career began in 1975.

António died on 3 February 2022 in Lisbon at the age of 79.

Dieter Mann

Dieter Mann (20 June 1941 – 3 February 2022) was a German actor. He was known for playing Wilhelm Keitel in the 2004 movie "Downfall". He also played Professor Schäfer in the 2009 movie "13 Semester". Mann was born in Berlin.

Mann was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease. He died from the disease on 3 February 2022 in Berlin at the age of 80.

Madis Milling

Madis Milling (24 November 1970 – 3 February 2022) was an Estonian actor, television and radio presenter and politician. He was born in Tallinn, Estonia. He was a host in many radio stations, including Sky Plus, Vikerraadio, Radio Kuku. From 2003, he was a member of Estonian Reform Party. He was a member of the Riigikogu from 2015 until his death.

Milling died on 3 February 2022 from cardiac arrest while volunteering as a firefighter to help stop a fire in Lokuti, Estonia at the age of 51.

Will Hutchins

Will Hutchins (born Marshall Lowell Hutchason; May 5, 1930) is an American actor. He was known for his lead role of the young lawyer Tom Brewster, in the Western television series "Sugarfoot". He was born in Los Angeles, California. His career began in 1956 and he retired in 2010.

He had small roles in the Warners movies "Bombers B-52" (1957), "Lafayette Escadrille" (1958), and "No Time for Sergeants" (1958).

Merdeka 118

Merdeka 118 (also known as PNB 118, and formerly known as KL 118 and Warisan Merdeka Tower) is a 118-story, megatall skyscraper. It is currently under construction in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. "Merdeka" means independent or free in Malaysian.

The spire of the building was completed in November 2021.

The building is expected to be finished by the end of 2022. It will become the tallest skyscraper in Malaysia and Southeast Asia. 

The Exchange 106

The Exchange 106 is a skyscraper in Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. The 95-floor building is tall. 

The Exchange 106 is currently the 21st tallest building in the world and the third-tallest building in Malaysia.

The tower, along with Merdeka 118, have been controversial and were called a "national disgrace" because of a project scandal that led to their creation.

As of December 2021, the overall building of TRX is mostly done with the mall section being under construction until late 2022.

Technical (vehicle)

A technical is an improvised fighting vehicle. It is typically an open-backed civilian pickup truck, mounting a machine gun, anti-aircraft gun, automatic grenade launcher, etc. 

They are very common in African and Middle Eastern countries. These vehicles have been used in different conflicts, such as the Somali Civil War, Libyan Civil War, Iraq War, Yemen Civil War, among others. 

Torment (1944 movie)

Torment () is a 1944 Swedish romantic drama movie directed by Alf Sjöberg and starring Alf Kjellin, Stig Järrel, Mai Zetterling, Olof Winnerstrand, Gösta Cederlund, Jan Molander, Stig Olin.


APC

APC may refer to:

Balazs Toth

He started his career in the youth of ETO FC Győr. Then he went to the Szombathelyi Haladás Academy. 2020 he went to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy U18. 2021 he became part of the FC Liefering squad as 3rd goalkeeper.
Toth played for the Hungarian U16 national football team.

ICE

ICE or I.C.E. may refer to:

Azamgarh

Azamgarh is a city in the Indian state of Uttar Pradesh. It is the headquarters of Azamgarh division. The division includes Ballia, Mau and Azamgarh districts. Azamgarh is on the Tamsa River. It is located east of the state capital Lucknow. 

Eduard Heger

Eduard Heger (; born 3 May 1976) is a Slovak politician. He has been the Prime Minister of Slovakia from 1 April 2021 to 15 May 2023. Before, he was the deputy prime minister and minister of Finance in the cabinet of Igor Matovič. Heger is a member of Democrats since 2023, before he was the member of Ordinary People and Independent Personalities (OĽaNO).

Djilali Abdi

Djilali Abdi (25 November 1943 – 2 February 2022) was an Algerian footballer. He played as a midfielder. He made six appearances for the Algeria national team from 1967 to 1969. He was born in Sidi Bel Abbès, French Algeria, France. He also played for USM Bel Abbès.

Abdi died on 2 February 2022 at the age of 78.

French Algeria

French Algeria ( to 1839, then afterwards; unofficially , ), also known as Colonial Algeria, was the time during which France colonized Algeria. 

French rule began in 1830 after the invasion of Algiers and lasted until the end of the Algerian War in 1962.

Alberto Baillères

Alberto Baillères González (22 August 1931 – 2 February 2022) was a Mexican billionaire businessman. Until his death, he had a net worth of US$10.1 billion. He was the chairman of Grupo BAL, and of ITAM since their founding in 1959.

In October 2012, Baillères was listed as the 35th richest person in the world with a net worth of US $19.3 billion.

Baillères died on 2 February 2022 in Mexico City, aged 90.

Pier Luigi Bersani

Pier Luigi Bersani (; born 29 September 1951) is an Italian politician. He was Secretary of the Democratic Party (PD) from 2009 to 2013.

Bersani was Minister of Industry, Commerce and Craftmanship from 1996 to 1999, Minister of Transport from 1999 to 2001, and Minister of Economic Development from 2006 to 2008.

Francisco Raúl Villalobos Padilla

Francisco Raúl Villalobos Padilla (1 February 1921 – 3 February 2022) was a Mexican Roman Catholic prelate. Villalobos Padilla was born in Guadalajara, Mexico. He became a priest in 1949. He was made auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Saltillo in 1971. He was appointed bishop of Saltillo on October 4, 1975. He retired in 1999. 

Villalobos Padilla turned 100 in 2021. He died from COVID-19 in Saltillo, Coahuila, Mexico on 3 February 2022, two days after his 101st birthday.

Peter Bart

Peter Benton Bart (born July 24, 1932) is an American journalist and movie producer. He has worked as a columnist for "Deadline Hollywood" since 2015. He is best known for being the editor in chief of "Variety" from 1989 until 2009. Bart was also a co-host of "Shootout". Bart was born in New York City.


Georges Labazée

Georges Labazée (16 June 1943 – 4 February 2022) was a French politician and educator. Labazée was born in Viven, Pyrénées-Atlantiques department on 16 June 1943. Georges Labazée began his political career during the cantonal elections of 1976, where he was elected general councilor in the canton of Thèze and was reappointed at each election (1982, 1988, 1994, 2001 and 2008).

He became a deputy when André Labarrère entered the first Mauroy government as Minister Delegate to the Prime Minister, in charge of relations with Parliament, following the 1981 presidential election and the pink wave.

During the cantonal elections of 2011, the general council of Pyrénées-Atlantiques moved to the left and on March 31, 2011, Georges Labazée became its president.

He died on the night of February 3 to 4, 2022 at the age of 78.

Ludmila Vaňková

Ludmila Vaňková (27 May 1927 – 3 February 2022) was a Czech writer. She was born in Prague. She was known for writing "Lev a růže" tetralogy (English: "The Lion and the Rose"). This was made up of four novels ("Král železný, král zlatý", "Zlá léta", "Dědicové zlatého krále", "Žebrák se stříbrnou holí").

Vaňková died in February 2022 in Prague, at the age of 94.

The Bravest Revenge

The Bravest Revenge () is a 1970 Hong Kong action drama movie directed by Lung Chien and starring Polly Ling-Feng Shang-Kuan, Peng Tien and Yuan Yi.

Polly’s father is murdered, and it’s duty for her, her brothers and the "King of Sword" to revenge him. 

Rod Driver

Rodney David "Rod" Driver (July 1, 1932 – January 16, 2022) was an American mathematician and politician. He was known for research on differential equations. He was a Democratic member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives from 1987 until 1995 and again from 2009 until 2011. Driver was born in London, England. Driver was a professor of mathematics at the University of Rhode Island.

Driver died on January 16, 2022 at a nursing home in East Greenwich, Rhode Island at the age of 89.

West Kingston, Rhode Island

West Kingston is an unincorporated community and village in Washington County, Rhode Island, United States. It is the county seat of Washington County. It is the site of the Kingston Railroad Station Amtrak station. It is a part of the Town of South Kingstown.

North Kingstown, Rhode Island

North Kingstown is a town in Washington County, Rhode Island, United States. It is part of the Providence metropolitan area. The population was 27,732 in the 2020 census.

Saunderstown, Rhode Island

Saunderstown is a small village and historic district in the towns of Narragansett and North Kingstown in Washington County, Rhode Island, United States. Its population is 6,245.

Leinach

Leinach is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany. It has the villages of Unterleinach and Oberleinach.

Margetshöchheim

Margetshöchheim is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the left edge of the river Main.

Neubrunn, Lower Franconia

Neubrunn is a municipality in Würzburg in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany.

It has the districts Böttigheim and Neubrunn.

Oberpleichfeld

Oberpleichfeld is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Unterleinach

Unterleinach is a village outside of Würzburg, Germany. It is part of the municipality of Leinach. It is south of Oberleinach.

Unterleinach and Oberleinach have rival football teams.

Donald J. Trump Presidential Library

The Donald J. Trump Presidential Library is the presidential library of Donald Trump, 45th president of the United States. A website hosted by the National Archives and Records Administration (NARA) was created on January 20, 2021, which was Trump's last day as president. It is the 15th NARA-managed presidential library. Plans to build a library and museum are not yet known.

Like other presidential libraries, a building for Trump would need to be privately financed and organized before the possible involvement of the NARA. During Trump's presidency, it had been rumored that floors in Trump Tower may be dedicated for use to a future presidential library. "The Washington Post" reported that Trump wanted his library to be built in Florida.

Prosselsheim

Prosselsheim is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Randersacker

Randersacker is a market town and municipality in Lower Franconia, a part of Bavaria, Germany. It is in Würzburg, and it is next to the Würzburg boroughs Heidingsfeld, Rottenbauer, Sanderau and Frauenland and to the municipalities of Gerbrunn, Theilheim and Eibelstadt.

Randersacker is in the south of Würzburg. This part of the Main is called . The city of Würzburg is about three miles away from the village center of Randersacker.

There are two subdistricts: Lindelbach and the main part Randersacker.

Paul Alexander (lawyer)

Paul Richard "Polio Paul" Alexander (January 30, 1946 – March 11, 2024) was an American lawyer, autobiographer and paralytic polio survivor. He was popularly known as one of the last people living in an iron lung. He got sick with polio in 1952 at the age of six. he was born in Dallas, Texas.

He self-published his memoir, "Three Minutes for a Dog with Polio", in April 2020. It took him more than eight years to write it.

Alexander has been recognized by "Guinness World Records" as the person who has spent the longest amount of time living in an iron lung.

Alexander died on March 11, 2024 from COVID-19 at the age of 78.

Reichenberg, Bavaria

Reichenberg is a market town and municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany. It has the villages Albertshausen, Fuchsstadt, Lindflur, Reichenberg and Uengershausen.

Remlingen, Bavaria

Remlingen is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Iron lung

An iron lung, also known as a tank ventilator or Drinker tank, is a type of ventilator which encases a person's body except for the head, and changes the air pressure in the space, to help them breathe. The use of this device is usually for victims of polio and botulism.

The use of iron lungs is largely not used because of more modern ways to help breathing problems and since the eradication of polio. However, in 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic made people think reusing this would be a good idea.

Riedenheim

Riedenheim is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Rimpar

Rimpar is a market town in Würzburg in Bavaria. It is about 10 km (6 mi) north of the City of Würzburg. The municipality has the villages of Gramschatz and Maidbronn, incorporated in 1978.


Philip Goldberg

Philip Seth Goldberg (born August 1, 1956) is an American politician. In 2022, he became the U.S. Ambassador to South Korea. He was the U.S. Ambassador to Colombia from 2019 to 2022 during the Donald Trump and Joe Biden presidencies. He was Ambassador to the Philippines and Bolivia, and Chief of the U.S. Mission in UN-administered Kosovo during the George W. Bush and Barack Obama administrations. 

In January 2022, it was said that President Biden will nominate Goldberg as the United States Ambassador to South Korea.

Rottendorf

Rottendorf is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Persona non grata

In diplomacy, a (Latin: "person not welcome", plural: "") is a status sometimes given by a host country to foreign diplomats to remove their protection by diplomatic immunity from arrest and other normal kinds of prosecution.

Röttingen

Röttingen is a town in Würzburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is south of Würzburg, and east of Bad Mergentheim.

The town is divided into the sections of Aufstetten, Röttingen, and Strüth.



Sommerhausen

Sommerhausen is a municipality and market town in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Charadrahyla tecuani

Charadrahyla tecuani is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place in the Sierra Madre del Sur mountains.

Sonderhofen

Sonderhofen is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

R. Nicholas Burns

Robert Nicholas Burns (born January 28, 1956) is an American diplomat and academic. He is the 13th United States Ambassador to China since 2022. Burns was a professor of diplomacy and international politics at the John F. Kennedy School of Government.

He writes a bi-weekly column on foreign affairs for "The Boston Globe". 

He was United States Under Secretary of State for Political Affairs within the United States Department of State during the George W. Bush presidency. 

President Joe Biden nominated Burns to be Ambassador to China in August 2021. He was confirmed by the entire Senate on December 16, 2021 by a vote of 75-18.

Tauberrettersheim

Tauberrettersheim is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the river Tauber.

Theilheim

Theilheim is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany.

Thüngersheim

Thüngersheim is a community in Germany. The community is on the River Main. It is a community in the district of Würzburg (Bavaria, Administrative region Lower Franconia). The village is molded by the surrounding vineyards, more than .

Thüngersheim is twinned to St. Aignan de Grand Lieu (France). More information (in German and French ) is available at .



Uettingen

Uettingen is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Unterpleichfeld

Unterpleichfeld is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Veitshöchheim

Veitshöchheim is a municipality in Würzburg, in Bavaria, Germany. It is on the right bank of the Main, northwest of Würzburg. It has two villages: Veitshöchheim and Gadheim


Gadheim

Gadheim is a village in Lower Franconia, in northern Bavaria belonging to the municipality of Veitshöchheim. It is about 10 kilometers (6.2 miles) north of Würzburg. As of 31 January 2020, Gadheim is the site of the geodetic center of the European Union.

Waldbrunn, Bavaria

Waldbrunn is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Waldbüttelbrunn

Waldbüttelbrunn is a municipality in Würzburg in Lower Franconia, Bavaria, Germany. It is about west of Würzburg.

Waldbütellbrunn is in good contact with Fleury sur Orne in Normandy, with yearly visits and student exchanges. Radomysl nad Sanem and Remptendorf are also twinned with Waldbüttelbrunn.

Winterhausen

Winterhausen is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria, Germany.

Zell am Main

Zell am Main is a municipality in Würzburg in Bavaria in Germany, on the river Main.

Maidbronn

Maidbronn is a village in Bavaria, Germany, about northeast of Würzburg. It is part of the municipality Rimpar.

Alpine

Alpine may be:















Westerstede

Westerstede (Low German: "Westerstäe") is the capital of the Ammerland district, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 25 km northwest of Oldenburg.

The villages of Burgforde, Eggeloge, Felde, Fikensolt, Garnholt, Gießelhorst, Halsbek, Halstrup, Hollriede, Hollwege, Hollwegerfeld, Hüllstede, Ihausen, Ihorst, Karlshof, Linswege, Linswegerfeld, Mansie, Lindern, Moorburg, Neuengland, Ocholt, Ocholterfeld, Ollenharde, Petersfeld, Tarbarg, Torsholt, Westerloy, Westerloyerfeld and Westerstederfeld are part of Westerstede.

The railway station of Westerstede is in the village of Ocholt, 6 km south of the town.


Apen

Apen (Low German: "Aap") is a municipality in Ammerland, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Bad Zwischenahn

Bad Zwischenahn (Low German: "Twüschenahn") is a town and a municipality in Ammerland, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is on Zwischenahner Meer, about 15 km northwest of Oldenburg and about 70 km south of the North Sea coast.

Bad Zwischenahn is twinned with:

Edewecht

Edewecht (Low German: "Erwech") is a municipality in Ammerland, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about west of Oldenburg.


total: 23,008


Source: website of the Edewecht Municipality.

Date: June 30, 2020.

Edewecht is twinned with


Rastede

Rastede (Low German: "Raastäe/Raas") is a municipality in Ammerland, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 12 km north of Oldenburg. It is the site of the Schloss Rastede.

The Rastede railway station is at the Oldenburg–Wilhelmshaven railway.

Wiefelstede

Wiefelstede (Low German: "Wiefelstä") is a municipality in Ammerland, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 15 km northwest of Oldenburg.

Baltrum

Baltrum () is a barrier island off the coast of East Frisia (), in Germany, and is a municipality in Aurich, Lower Saxony. It is in-between the chain of the seven inhabited East Frisian Islands. It has a land area of 6.5 square kilometres.

It is in the middle of the island chain known as the East Frisian Islands (). There are two villages on the island – "Ostdorf" () and "Westdorf" () – although they have essentially merged into one.

The island is about long and wide. It covers an area of . The highest point on the island is a central coastal dune with a viewing platform on top called "Aussichtsdüne" in German and is above sea-level.


Berumbur

Berumbur is a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany. The municipality covers an area of 6.42 square kilometers.

The municipality has the districts Berumbur, Berum, Kleinheide, Holzdorf and Blandorf.

Samtgemeinde

A Samtgemeinde (; plural: "Samtgemeinden") is a type of administrative division in Lower Saxony, Germany. "Samtgemeinden" are local government associations of municipalities, equal to the "Ämter" in Schleswig-Holstein, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, and Brandenburg, and the "Verbandsgemeinden" in Rhineland-Palatinate.

"Samtgemeinden" have three organs:

The "Samtgemeinde" committee has the "Samtgemeinde" mayor (the chairman of the committee), and according to size of the council from four to ten assistants and the council can decide a rise by two (§56 paragraph 2 local government law).

Dornum

Dornum is a village and a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is near the North Sea coast, about 15 km east of Norden, and 20 km north of Aurich.

The other towns in the municipality of Dornum are: Neßmersiel, Dornumersiel, Nesse, Roggenstede, Westerbur, Westeraccum, Schwittersum.


Neßmersiel

Neßmersiel belongs to the municipality Dornum in Aurich in Lower Saxony, Germany. Neßmersiel is about 5 kilometres northwest of Dornum. From 1867 to 1977, Neßmersiel belonged to Norden (Altkreis Norden).


Nesse, Dornum

Nesse is a village in Dornum in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is near the North Sea coast, about 2.5 km west of the village of Dornum, and 20 km north of the town of Aurich. 

Roggenstede

Roggenstede is a village of Dornum township, in Aurich, Ostfriesland, Lower Saxony, Germany.

The place is bounded by the Dornumersieler Tief (in the North/Northeast), the Schleitief (in the Southeast), the Otjetief (in the South), the Alte Tief (in the West) and covers an area of about 5,6 square kilometers. The distance to the North Sea is about 5,5 km air-line distance.

Neighbouring places are Fulkum, Utarp and Westerbur.


La Bassée

La Bassée () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 6,545 people lived there.


Großefehn

Großefehn (East Frisian Low Saxon: "Grō'fēn") is a municipality has 14 villages in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 10 km southeast of Aurich.

Großheide

Großheide (East Frisian: Grootheid) is a village and a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 10 km east of Norden, and 15 km northwest of Aurich.

The municipality Großheide has 10 districts and incorporated villages:


Bazuel

Bazuel is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 517 people lived there.


Berumerfehn

Berumerfehn is part of the municipality Großheide in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Beaucamps-Ligny

Beaucamps-Ligny is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 851 people lived there.


Beaudignies

Beaudignies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 560 people lived there.


Beaufort, Nord

Beaufort is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,013 people lived there.


Beaumont-en-Cambrésis

Beaumont-en-Cambrésis is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 445 people lived there.


Beaurain

Beaurain is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 231 people lived there.


Camphin-en-Carembault

Camphin-en-Carembault is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,682 people lived there.


Fresnes-sur-Escaut

Fresnes-sur-Escaut is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 7,532 people lived there.


Beaurepaire-sur-Sambre

Beaurepaire-sur-Sambre is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 263 people lived there.


Beaurieux, Nord

Beaurieux is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 165 people lived there.


Beaurieux

Beaurieux is the name of two communes in France:

Beauvois-en-Cambrésis

Beauvois-en-Cambrésis is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 2,038 people lived there.


Cappelle-Brouck

Cappelle-Brouck is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,159 people lived there.


Islam in West Bengal

According to the (2021) estimation, the West Bengal state has over 31,144,763 Muslims, who form 30% of the state's population. The vast majority of Muslims in West Bengal are Bengali Muslims numbering around 2.4 crore and comprising 23% of the state population, urdu speaking muslims comprise 7% of the state population, a notable section of non-Bengali Muslims also exist, particularly among Biharis, Hindustanis, Dawoodi Bohra and various Native communities such as Raj Bongshi particular numbering around 1.2 Millions comprising rest 1.2% of the state population.


Tilden Santiago

Tilden Santiago (13 June 1940 – 2 February 2022) was a Brazilian politician and trade unionist. From 1991 to 2003, he was a member of the Chamber of Deputies. He later was Ambassador of Brazil to Cuba from 2003 to 2006.

Santiago died from respiratory failure caused by COVID-19 in Belo Horizonte, Minas Gerais on 2 February 2022 at the age of 81.

Renée Pietrafesa Bonnet

Renée Pietrafesa Bonnet (17 December 1938 – 3 February 2022) was a French-Uruguayan composer, pianist, organist, harpsichordist and conductor. Her music was often Electroacoustic music. Bonnet was born in Montevideo, Uruguay to French parents.

Bonnet died on 3 February 2022 in Montevideo at the age of 83.

Srboljub Nikolić

Srboljub Nikolić (; ; 1 April 1965 – 4 February 2022) was a Serbian football striker and football coach and manager. He was born in Skopje, SR Macedonia, SFR Yugoslavia. He made 120 appearances with FK Ljubić Prnjavor between 2005 until 2009. He also managed GFK Jasenica 1911 twice between 2010 until 2011 and again from 2016 until 2018.

Nikolić died on 4 February 2022 in Smederevska Palanka, Serbia at the age of 56.

Smederevska Palanka

Smederevska Palanka (, ) is a city in the Podunavlje District and the geographical region of Šumadija in Serbia. In 2011, the city had 50,284 people living here.

Jason Epstein

Jason Wolkow Epstein (August 25, 1928 – February 4, 2022) was an American editor and publisher. In 1950, he began working for Doubleday. In 1958 Epstein left Doubleday to join Random House where he was editorial director until his retirement in 1999. In 2004, he co-founded On Demand Books.

Epstein died on February 4, 2022, at his home in Sag Harbor, New York from congestive heart failure at the age of 93.

Dering Harbor, New York

Dering Harbor is a village in the Town of Shelter Island, in Suffolk County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, the village population was 50. It is the least populous village in the State of New York.

Languidic

Languidic () is a commune. It is in Brittany in the Morbihan department in northwest France.

Ledringhem

Ledringhem is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 659 people lived there.


Bellaing

Bellaing is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,252 people lived there.


Bellignies

Bellignies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 819 people lived there.


Bérelles

Bérelles is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 151 people lived there.


Berlaimont

Berlaimont is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 3,155 people lived there.


Onnaing

Onnaing is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 8,813 people lived there.


Bermerain

Bermerain is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 730 people lived there.


Étrœungt

Étrœungt is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,315 people lived there.


Bermeries

Bermeries is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 372 people lived there.


Priscus

Priscus of Panium () was a Roman diplomat and Greek historian from the 5th century AD.

Priscus was born between 410 and 420 AD in Panium (or Panion), Thrace. He joined in 448/449 AD the Roman embassy, led by Maximinus and speaking on behalf of Emperor Theodosius II, on a diplomatic mission to the court of Attila the Hun. While he was there, Priscus met and spoke with a Greek trader dressed in Hunnic clothes who was captured in around 441–442 AD when the Huns pillaged the city of Viminacium in modern Serbia. The trader then told Priscus that he was a slave of a Hunnic nobleman named Onegesius, but got his freedom and chose to live among the Huns. Priscus finally had a debate with the Greek defector about life and justice in both the Roman Empire and in barbarian kingdoms.

Priscus traveled to Rome, Alexandria, and Egypt. In around 456 AD, he was with the staff of Euphemios as the "magister officiorum" of Emperor Marcian. Priscus died after 472 AD.

Priscus wrote in the Greek language a history of the Byzantine Empire in eight books. The books probably covered the time from the rise of Attila the Hun to the rise of Emperor Zeno, or from 433 up until 474 AD. Priscus was very influential in the empire and his books were used by different writers: Emperor Constantine VII Porphyrogenitus ("Excerpta de Legationibus"), Evagrius Scholasticus, Cassiodorus, Jordanes, and author of the Suda. The style of Priscus's writing is direct and his work is considered a trustworthy account of Attila the Hun, his court, and the admission of the Roman ambassadors. Priscus relied on a style of historiography that was part of an ancient Greek tradition dating back to the 5th century BC.

The books of Priscus are published in four collections:



University of Burdwan

The University of Burdwan (also known as Burdwan University or B. U.) is a public university in Purba Bardhaman, West Bengal, India. It was established by the West Bengal Government as a teaching and affiliating university on 15 June 1960 with six graduate departments and 30 undergraduate colleges spread over three districts that come under the jurisdiction of the university. The university currently offers more than 30 undergraduate and 66 postgraduate courses.

University Institute of Technology, The University of Burdwan

University Institute of Technology, The University of Burdwan is a "NAAC A accredited" Tier-V (under TEQIP) University. Department of Engineering & Technology, constituent to The University of Burdwan , located in Burdwan, West Bengal. It is the only Government Engineering Public University located in Burdwan District.

Bergen auf Rügen

Bergen auf Rügen is the capital of the former district of Rügen in the middle of the island of Rügen in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Germany. Since 1 January 2005, Bergen has been the administrative seat of the "Amt" of Bergen auf Rügen. About 23,000 people lived there which makes it the most populous "Amt" in Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.


Gerhard Struber

Gerhard Struber (born 24 January 1977) is a former Austrian player. Now he is football manager. He is head coach of Major League Soccer club New York Red Bulls.

He played most of his career at SV Austria Salzburg from 1995 to 2001. He won the Austrian Bundesliga in the 1996–97 season with Salzburg and the Austrian Super Cup in 1997. Before he retired he played with less known Austrian clubs.

After in software systems and eight years in sales and management positions at an insurance company he Struber quit his job in 2014 to work as footbaal manager. He already worked part time as co-trainer in the academy of FC Red Bull Salzburg from mid-2007 to mid-2010 and as coach SV Kuchl for 20 months. In 2014 Struber became coach of the U 15 at the Red Bull Salzburg academy.

In June 2017 he became coach of FC Liefering together with Janusz Góra. In this season he was also coach of the Red Bull Salzburg team in the UEFA Youth League. 2018–19 he became single head of Liefering. In January 2010 he left to make his UEFA Pro Licence.

2019-20 he became head coach of Wolfsberger AC in the Austrian Bundesliga.

On 20 November 2019 Struber was appointed as manager of EFL Championship side Barnsley. Barnsley was at the bottom of the league seven points away from safety. With two wins in the injurie time against Nottingham Forest and Brentford they fixed the place in the league. 
On 6 October 2020 Struber became head coach of Major League Soccer team New York Red Bulls. The Red Bulls paid an unknown sum to Barnsley in order to sign him. Struber made his coaching debut for the club in a 3–2 MLS Cup Playoffs loss against the Columbus Crew on 21 November. At the end of the season they were in the play-offs but lost the first round after a 0:0 with 0:1 in extra time versus Philadelphia Union.

SV Austria Salzburg


Falcon 9 Block 5

Falcon 9 Block 5, also known as Falcon 9 v1.2, is a kind of American carrier rocket (or launch vehicle). It is made by SpaceX.

It can travel to Earth orbit. "Block 5" has a first-stage rocket (or booster) and a second stage.

It is the fifth version of Falcon 9 Full Thrust.

The maximum thrust for its first stage is .

Skanderbeg

Gjergj Kastrioti Skënderbeu (1405 – 17 January 1468), known as Skanderbeg ( from , "İskender Bey"; Latin:,) was an Albanian nobleman and military commander. He led a rebellion against the Ottoman Empire in what is today Albania, North Macedonia, Greece, Kosovo, Montenegro and Serbia.

Because he defended his principality (the Principality of Kastrioti) against Ottoman influences, he was given the Latin title "Athleta Christi" (meaning "warrior of Christianity") by Pope Callixtus III. Today, many people see him as an Albanian national hero. 

He was only able to hold his own possessions within the very small area in today's northern Albania. This is where almost all of his victories against the Ottomans took place. Skanderbeg's military skills were a major obstacle to Turkish expansion, and many in western Europe thought he was a model of Christian resistance against the Muslim Turks. For 25 years, from 1443 to 1468, Skanderbeg's 10,000-man army marched through Ottoman territory, winning against larger and better-supplied Ottoman forces. He was greatly admired for this.

The Albanians honor him and his 25 victories by including 25 wings on the Albanian black eagle.

Mahmud Hasan Deobandi

Mahmud Hasan Deobandi was an Indian Muslim scholar and an activist of the Indian freedom struggle movement, who co-founded the Jamia Millia Islamia. He was the first student to study at the Darul Uloom Deoband.

Mahmud Hasan Deobandi was born in 1851 in Bareilly. His father, Zulfiqar Ali Deobandi, was one of the founders of Darul Uloom Deoband.

Hasan was the first student at Darul Uloom Deoband. He studied with Mahmud Deobandi and completed his formal studies in 1869.

Hasan wrote an interlinear translation of the Quran in Urdu. He later began adding explanatory notes to it which he was able to add upto the Surah An-Nisa. This unfinished work was completed by his student Shabbir Ahmad Usmani; and was then published as "Tafsir-e-Usmani". He wrote "Al-Abwāb wa Al-Tarājim li al-Bukhāri", explaining the chapter headings of "Sahih Bukhari".

Hasan died on 30 November 1920 in Delhi.


François Mathey

François Mathey(August 17, 1917 in Ronchamp (Haute-Saône) – January 3, 1993 in Coulommiers, Seine-et-Marne) was a French museum curator. He was curator, then chief curator at the Museum of Decorative Arts from 1953 to 1985.

In 1967, Mathey succeeded in bringing Jean Dubuffet's personal collection into an "institution", the museum of decorative arts, even though the artist rejected academic structures. Mathey was interested in the artist Jean-Joseph Sanfourche, who was selected for important exhibitions "Des singuliers de l'art" in 1978 at the Museum of Modern Art of the City of Paris and at the Museum of Decorative Arts, in 1980, as part of the "international heritage year".

Jim Davis (cartoonist)

James Robert Davis (born July 28, 1945) is an American cartoonist, television writer, television producer, screenwriter, and movie producer. He is best known as the creator of the comic strips "Garfield" and "U.S. Acres". Davis's other comics work includes "Tumbleweeds", "Gnorm Gnat", and "Mr. Potato Head".

He also produced "Garfield & Friends", a series which also aired on CBS from 1988 to 1994.

Davis was born in Marion, Indiana. He spent his time at a Black Angus cow farm in Fairmount, Indiana with his parents. His farm chores inspired the creation of Garfield's owner, Jon Arbuckle. Just like the author, Jon's birthday is on July 28. His education came from the Ball State University studying art and business.

In Fairmount High School, Davis took part of the newspaper known as "The Breeze". His first comics appeared here.

Today, most of his older comics are safely kept in a room. Davis uses a graphics tablet to draw his comics.

Before his job as a cartoonist, Davis worked for an advertising agency. In 1969, he worked with Tom Ryan's comic strip "Tumbleweeds". His first independent comic strip called "Gnorm Gnat" ran for two years in "The Pendleton Times". He believed that a cat should be the main character, and that cats were needed more than dogs.

The comic strip "Jon" was created, and was eventually renamed to "Garfield". The idea spread across 41 newspapers on June 19, 1978.

A lesser known comic Davis produced was "U.S. Acres". With Brett Koth, they made a strip inspired by the Mr. Potato Head toy.

The Professor Garfield Foundation was founded by Davis. It was to support the growth of children by reading.

In 2019, Davis gave permissions to ViacomCBS for a television show.

Evening glove

Evening gloves are long gloves for women's formal wear. These gloves are often worn with evening dress for debutante(ball gown) and wedding dresses. The longest of the evening gloves are called the "opera gloves". Opera gloves are very long gloves that go far beyond the elbow.

The appropriate length of the evening gloves is determined by the length of the sleeves of the dress. The shorter the sleeves of the dress, the longer the gloves should be. Evening gloves for formal(white tie) and semi-formal(black tie) wear come in three lengths for women: wrist, elbow, and opera. The opera reaches over the elbow, usually reaching to the biceps but sometimes to the full length of the arm. The "elbow-length or longer" part is the key; gloves which cover a substantial portion of the forearm, up to just below the elbow, can legitimately be called "long gloves" or "evening gloves", but never "Opera Gloves". In this case, the term "opera" is the same as "opera length necklace" or "opera length stockings" and refers to the length of the object rather than the type of party.

The most formal fabric for evening gloves is kidskin (young goats leather). The most expensive opera length gloves are custom-made of kidskin. Many other types of leather, most usually soft varieties of cowhide, are used in making full-length gloves; patent leather and suede are especially popular as alternatives to kidskin, and are often more affordable than kidskin. Satin and stretch satin materials are extremely popular, and there are mass-produced varieties as well. More unusual glove materials include leathers made from salmon, python, and stingray.


Klaas Tuinstra

Klaas Tuinstra (10 February 1945 – 2 February 2022) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the Anti-Revolutionary Party and later the Christian Democratic Appeal. He was a member of the Provincial States of Friesland from 1971 to 1986, a municipal councillor of het Bildt from 1974 to 1982, and an MP from 1986 to 1994. 

Tuinstra was born in Sint Annaparochie. He died in the same place on 2 February 2022 at the age of 76.

Sint Annaparochie

Sint Annaparochie is the largest village of Waadhoeke in Friesland, the Netherlands. About 4,800 people lived here in 2021. 

Jochen Wolf

Jochen Wolf (26 August 1941 – 2 February 2022) was a German politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. He was in the Landtag of Brandenburg from 1990 to 1994. Wolf was born in Saxony, Nazi Germany.

Wolf died in Brandenburg an der Havel, Germany from a heart attack on 2 February 2022 at the age of 80.

Leland Christensen

Leland George Christensen (April 30, 1959 – February 4, 2022) was an American politician. He was a Republican member of the Wyoming Senate from 2011 until 2019. Christensen was born in Alta, Wyoming.

Christensen died on February 4, 2022 in Alta from problems caused by COVID-19 while receiving chemotherapy for non-Hodgkin's lymphoma, aged 62.

Alta, Wyoming

Alta is a census-designated place (CDP) in Teton County, Wyoming, United States. The population was 394 at the 2010 census.

Neil Faulkner (archaeologist)

Neil Faulkner ( 1957 – February 2022) was a British archaeologist, historian, writer, lecturer, broadcaster, and political activist.

In 2019, Faulkner appeared on BBC Radio 4's programme In Our Time to discuss Lawrence of Arabia.

Faulkner was a Marxist and a revolutionary socialist activist. He was a member of the Socialist Workers Party, from 1980 to 2010.

Faulkner was diagnosed with a rare form of blood cancer in mid-2021. He died from the disease in February 2022, at the age of 64.

Ana Carmen Macri

Ana Carmen Macri (15 July 1916 – 4 February 2022) was an Argentine politician. She was elected to the Chamber of Deputies in 1951. She was one of the first group of female parliamentarians in Argentina. Macri was born in Buenos Aires.

Macri turned 100 in July 2016. She died on 4 February 2022 in Buenos Aires, at the age of 105.

Jerzy Osiatyński

Jerzy Osiatyński (2 November 1941 – 4 February 2022) was a German-born Polish politician. He was a member of the Democratic Union. He was in the Sejm from 1989 to 2001 and was Minister of Finance from 1992 to 1993. Osiatyński was born in Riga, Reichskommissariat Ostland.

Osiatyński died on 4 February 2022 in Warsaw, Poland at the age of 80.

Reichskommissariat Ostland

The Reichskommissariat Ostland (RKO) was created by Nazi Germany in 1941 during World War II. It became the civilian occupation regime in the Baltic states and the western part of the Byelorussian Soviet Socialist Republic.

Caprice Italian Style

Caprice Italian Style () is a 1968 Italian comedy movie directed by Mario Monicelli, Pier Paolo Pasolini, Mauro Bolognini, Pino Zac, Steno, Franco Rossi. It stars Totò, Ugo D'Alessio, Dante Maggio, Renzo Marignano, Franco Franchi, Ciccio Ingrassia, Laura Betti, Carlo Pisacane.

Piero Gamba

Piero Gamba (16 September 1936 – 30 January 2022), also known as Pierino Gamba, was an Italian orchestral conductor and pianist. He was born in Rome, Italy. He won the Arnold Bax Memorial Medal in 1962. He was the musical director and conductor of the Winnipeg Symphony Orchestra from 1971 until 1980. He was the chief conductor of the Adelaide Symphony Orchestra in Australia from 1983 to 1986.

Gamba died on 30 January 2022 in New York City at the age of 85.

Jean Jamin

Jean Jamin (26 April 1945 – 21 January 2022) was a French ethnologist and anthropologist. He was the director of studies at the School for Advanced Studies in the Social Sciences. He taught ethnology there from 1993 to 2016. He directed the journal "L'Homme" from 1996 to 2015 and co-founded the journal "Gradhiva" in 1986. 

Jamin died in Paris, France on 21 January 2022 at the age of 76.

Laurie Mithen

Lawrence Sidney Mithen (born 15 April 1934) is an Australian rules footballer. He played for Melbourne in the VFL from 1954 until 1962. Mithen was born in Melbourne, Australia. He played for Claremont Football Club in the WAFL in 1966 and 1967 for a total of 34 games.

Charadrahyla esperancensis

The esperanza tree frog ("Charadrahyla esperancensis") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in Oaxaca at 1640 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 44.3 to 48.9 mm long from nose to rear end.

This frog has smooth skin on its back and legs. It has bumpy skin on its belly. The top of the head and top of the back are either light brown or green-brown in color. The sides of the head has dark brown color from the nose to the eardrum. The sides of the frog's body are dark brown with yellow spots. The spots are not perfectly round. The tops of the legs are light brown with darker brown stripes going across. The legs have yellow spots. This frog has disks on its toes for climbing. The disks are darker in color than the rest of the toe. The belly is light in color.

"Esperanza" is "hope" in Spanish. Scientists named after the place where they saw the frog: La Esperanza in Sierra Juarez.

This frog is in some danger of dying out. This is because human beings change the places where it lives by cutting down trees to have wood or make towns and cities. This cuts the place where the frog lives into small pieces, where frogs in different places cannot go to each other. This makes them make young only with other frogs nearby, and they may be too closely realted to each other. These frogs also die from disease and climate change.

Human beings who live near La Esperanza have saved 4000 hectares of land to save this frog and other animals that live there.

Chris Cairns

Christopher Lance Cairns (born 13 June 1970) is a retired New Zealand cricketer and captain. He played for the New Zealand cricket team from 1989 until 2006. In 2000, he was named as one of five Wisden Cricketers of the Year. Cairns was born in Picton, New Zealand. His father is cricketer Lance Cairns.

In August 2021, he was reported to be on life support after suffering a major heart attack which caused an aortic dissection in his home in Canberra, Australia. He recovered however, Cairns became paralysed from the waist after having a stroke during surgery. 

In February 2022, Cairns was diagnosed with bowel cancer.

Lance Cairns

Bernard Lance Cairns (born 10 October 1949) is a retired New Zealand cricketer. He played for the New Zealand cricket team. His son is the New Zealand cricketer Chris Cairns.

Picton, New Zealand

Picton () is a town in the Marlborough Region of New Zealand's South Island.


Baileyton, Tennessee

Baileyton is a town in Greene County, Tennessee, United States. The Baileyton area was first settled in 1776. The name "Baileyton" comes from two brothers who lived there. They were Claudius and Thomas P. Bailey. The town was incorporated in 1915. It is a part of the area known as the Tri-Cities, Tennessee.

DYPR-TV

DYPR-TV (channel 12) is a commercial television station. It is owned and operated by the Philippine Collective Media Corporation.

The station's studios, main office, and transmitter are located at 3/F DVOREF Bldg., Remedios Trinidad Romualdez Hospital Compound, Brgy. 96-Calanipawan, Tacloban, Leyte.
In the 1990s, Channel 12 was a regional affiliate station of the Intercontinental Broadcasting Corporation.

Note: Some programs are simulcast with sister FM station FMR Tacloban every Monday to Saturday.

UHF Channel 50 (689.143 MHz)



United States of Europe

The United States of Europe (USE for short) is the idea that the countries of the European Union (EU for short) will unite into a single sovereign state. It would be similar to the United States of America (USA for short).

The USE would have much more influence (politically, economically, militarily, culturally, etc.) at the international level than an EU member country alone. It would be the world's third most populous country with a population of almost 450 million people. The economy of the USE would be the world's third-largest by GDP with almost 14 trillion euros.

Some critics believe that there will not be a USE in the near future because they think that:

-countries do not want to give up their national language for an official language of the USE

-countries do not want to give up their national identity

-countries with a small population do not want to end up as federal states with little voting weight


Alemannia

Alemannia, also spelt Alamannia was the land inhabited by the Germanic Alemanni, who expanded from the Main River basin during the 3rd century and settling on the left side of the Rhine River in the 4th century.

Alemannia was ruled by a Germanic king during the 4th to 5th centuries, Alamannia was later invaded and became a duchy of the Frankish Empire in the 6th century. In early 10th century, the Holy Roman Empire started to form under Conrad I of East Francia and the territory of Alamannia became the Duchy of Swabia.
Alamannia existed near the Lake Constance, the Black Forest, the Alsace, and the Danube River basin. With border near Burgundy in the Aare River basin (now Aargau). The Alemanni people were very influential, they’re related to Alemannic German, French Alsace, German Baden and Swabia, German-speaking Switzerland and the Austrian Vorarlberg.


Agiapuk River

The Agiapuk River is a river on the Seward Peninsula in the U.S. State of Alaska. It flows through the Imuruk Basin and into the Bering Sea.

Azerbaijan Communist Party (1920)

The Azerbaijan Communist Party (; ) was the ruling political party in the Azerbaijan SSR, which was a branch of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
It was formed on 20 February 1920, when the Muslim Social Democratic Party, Communist Party of Persia, Ahrar Party and the Baku Bolsheviks joined together to establish the Communist Party of Azerbaijan.

On 1 April of the same year, the Fifth Cabinet of Ministers of the Azerbaijan Democratic Republic gave its resignations and all the power to the Communist Party of Azerbaijan. The party ruled the Azerbaijan SSR until 14 September 1991 when it was formally disbanded.
Nevertheless, former leaders and members of the communists continued to play a role in the family- and patronage-based political system of Azerbaijan. The Communist Party of Azerbaijan won the first multi-party elections in Azerbaijan that took place on 30 September and 14 October 1990 for the parliament of the Soviet Union, the Supreme Soviet, getting 280 out of 360 seats.

Brouckerque

Brouckerque is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,408 people lived there.


Bersée

Bersée is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 2,246 people lived there.


Hasnon

Hasnon is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 3,899 people lived there.


Saint-Amand-les-Eaux

Saint-Amand-les-Eaux is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 16,053 people lived there.


Bokermannohyla

Bokermannohyla is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae. Scientists invented this genus in 2005. That year, many amphibian scientists looked at the species of in Hylidae and decided to make changes. Twenty-three species that had been placed in the genus "Hyla" were moved to "Bokermannohyla".

These frogs live in southern Brazil.

Scientist tell whether a frog is a "Bokermannohyla" frog using 65 specific parts of the DNA in its nucleus and mitochondria. These genes are for proteins and ribosomes.

This group is named after scientist Werner Carlos Agosto Bokermann.

With most frogs, the adult female frog is larger than the adult male frog. But with some frogs in Bokermannohyla, the adult male frog is larger. Scientists say this happens when the male frogs fight each other for good places to find female frogs.

Grootfontein Constituency

Grootfontein Constituency is an constituency in the Otjozondjupa Region of Namibia. It has 21,595 people living there in 2004. The capital is the town of Grootfontein.

The 2015 regional election was won by Nelao Delemine Amagulu of the SWAPO Party with 3,521 votes, followed by Paulus Bernardt Wimmerth of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance with 1,149 votes and Wendelinus Kweruje Limbu of the All People’s Party with 267 votes.

Tilloy-lez-Marchiennes

Tilloy-lez-Marchiennes is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 516 people lived there.


Lieksa

Lieksa is a town in North Karelia, Finland. As of 31 December 2021, the municipality had a population of 10,545. Neighbouring municipalities are Ilomantsi, Joensuu, Juuka, Kontiolahti, Kuhmo and Nurmes.

Most people speak Finnish.


Reisjärvi

Reisjärvi is a municipality in Northern Ostrobothnia, Finland. As of 31 December 2021, the municipality had a population of 2,689. Neighbouring municipalities are Haapajärvi, Kinnula, Lestijärvi, Pihtipudas and Sievi.


Battletruck

Battletruck (also known as Warlords of the 21st Century in the U.S. and in Italy) is a 1982 New Zealand British science fiction action movie directed by Harley Cokliss and starring Michael Beck, Annie McEnroe, James Wainwright, John Ratzenberger, Bruno Lawrence, Mark Hadlow.


Bersillies

Bersillies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 254 people lived there.


Bettignies

Bettignies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 310 people lived there.


Berthen

Berthen is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 552 people lived there.


Bertry

Bertry is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 2,174 people lived there.


Beugnies

Beugnies is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 630 people lived there.


Beuvrages

Beuvrages is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 6,821 people lived there.


Bokermannohyla circumdata

The Espirtu Santo tree frog or thigh-barred tree frog ("Bokermannohyla circumdata") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have named it after one of the places where it lives: the Mountains of Espírito Santo.

Indian Council for Cultural Relations

The Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR), is an autonomous organisation of the Government of India. 
It is involved in India's global cultural relations, through cultural exchange with other countries and their people. It was founded on 9 April 1950 by Maulana Abul Kalam Azad, the first Education Minister of independent India.
The ICCR Headquarter is situated at Azad Bhavan, I.P. Estate, New Delhi. They also have regional offices in Bangalore, Chandigarh, Chennai, Cuttack, Goa, Guwahati, Hyderabad, Jaipur, Kolkata, Lucknow, Mumbai, Patna, Pune, Shillong, Thiruvananthapuram & Varanasi. The council also operates missions internationally. They work with cultural centres in Georgetown, Paramaribo, Port Louis, Jakarta, Moscow, Valladolid, Berlin, Cairo, London (Nehru Centre, London), Tashkent, Almaty, Johannesburg, Durban, Port of Spain and Colombo. ICCR has opened new cultural centers in Dhaka, Thimpu, Sao Paulo, Kathmandu, Bangkok, Kuala Lumpur and Tokyo.

Thorkil Kristensen

Thorkil Kristensen (9 October 1899 – 26 June 1989) was a Danish politician, finance minister, professor in national economy, and futurist. He was the 1st Secretary-General of the OECD from 1961 until 1969.

Jean-Claude Paye (OECD)

Jean-Claude Paye (born 26 August 1934) is a French politician. He was the Secretary-General of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) from 1984 to 1996.

Don Johnston

Donald James Johnston, (June 26, 1936 – February 4, 2022) was a Canadian politician and lawyer. He was Secretary-General of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) from 1996 to 2006. Before, he was a member of the Canadian Parliament from 1978 until 1988. He was also President of the Liberal Party of Canada from 1990 until 1994.

Johnston died on February 4, 2022 at the age of 85.

José Ángel Gurría

José Ángel Gurría Treviño, also known as Ángel Gurría, (born 8 May 1950) is a Mexican economist and politician. From 1 June 2006 to 31 May 2021, he was the secretary-general of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD).

Mathias Cormann

Mathias Hubert Paul Cormann (; ; born 20 September 1970) is a Belgian-born Australian politician. He is the Secretary-General of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) since 2021. He was the Australian Minister for Finance from 2013 to 2020 and Western Australian senator for the Liberal Party from 2007 to 2020. 

Boris Melnikov

Boris Melnikov (; 16 May 1938 – 5 February 2022) was a Soviet fencer. He won a gold medal in the team sabre event at the 1964 Summer Olympics. Melnikov was born in Leningrad, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Melnikov died in Saint Petersburg, Russia on 5 February 2022, at the age of 83.

CODECO

CODECO is a group of Lendu militia in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. The name is an abbreviation of the group's lesser-known full name, the "Cooperative for Development of the Congo". They are sometimes known as the "Congo Economic Development Cooperative".

It was a peaceful agricultural group before becoming a violent rebel movement. The group is accused of massacres and war crimes by United Nations officials.

Todd Gitlin

Todd Alan Gitlin (January 6, 1943 – February 5, 2022) was an American sociologist, political activist, novelist, and cultural commentator. He wrote about the mass media, politics, and arts. He worked as a professor at the University of California, Berkeley and New York University. He was also a visiting professor at Yale University. Gitlin published three novels: "The Murder of Albert Einstein" (1992), "Sacrifice" (1999), and "Undying" (2011).

On December 31, 2021, Gitlin went into cardiac arrest at his home in Hillside, New York. He was hospitalized in Pittsfield, Massachusetts, where he tested positive for COVID-19. He died there on February 5, 2022, one month after his 79th birthday.

Hillside, New York

Hillside is a census-designated place (CDP) in Ulster County, New York, United States. The population was 860 at the 2020 census. Hillside is located at (41.9181, -74.0351).

J. Alexander Baumann

J. Alexander Baumann (10 December 1942 – 2 February 2022) was a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Swiss People's Party. He was in the National Council from 1995 to 2011. Baumann was born in Zürich, Switzerland.

Baumann died on 2 February 2022 in Davos, Switzerland from a heart attack at the age of 79.

Ashley Bryan

Ashley F. Bryan (July 13, 1923 – February 4, 2022) was an American educator, children's writer and illustrator of children's books. His books were mainly about the African American experience. He was U.S. nominee for the Hans Christian Andersen Award in 2006 and he won the Laura Ingalls Wilder Award in 2009. His picture book "Freedom Over Me" received a Newbery Honor. Bryan was born in Harlem, New York.

Bryan lived in Maine. He died at his niece's home in Sugar Land, Texas from congestive heart failure on February 4, 2022, at the age of 98.

Avern Cohn

Avern Levin Cohn (July 23, 1924 – February 4, 2022) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan from 1979 until his death. He became senior judge of this court in 1999. Cohn was nominated to the court by President Jimmy Carter. He was born in Detroit, Michigan.

Cohn died on February 4, 2022 in Royal Oak, Michigan at the age of 97.

Groupe ISAE

Groupe ISAE is the name of a French national network for aeronautical and space universities (named "grandes écoles" in French).

It was created in 2011 by "Institut supérieur de l'aéronautique et de l'espace", "École nationale supérieure de mécanique et d'aérotechnique", "Institut supérieur de mécanique de Paris", "École de l'Air et de l'Espace", "École supérieure des techniques aéronautiques et de construction automobile", and the French Civil Aviation University.

The main goal of Groupe ISAE are to create cooperation between Colleges in order to develop projects in education and research.


Hudson, Massachusetts

Hudson is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States, with a total population of 20,092 as of the 2020 census.

Hillsborough, New Hampshire

Hillsborough is a town in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 5,939 at the 2020 census.

Charadrahyla sakbah

The Mixteca cloud-forest tree frog ("Charadrahyla sakbah") is a frog that lives in Mexico. Scientists have seen it in exactly one place: 1390 meters above sea level in the western Sierra Madre del Sur mountains, in Oaxaca.

The adult male frog is 81.15-85.75 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 67.91-73.21 mm long. They have a very large amount of webbed skin between their toes. Only frogs from this part of the world have webbing like this.

Jeff Bingaman

Jesse Francis "Jeff" Bingaman Jr. (born October 3, 1943) is an American politician and lawyer. He was a United States Senator from New Mexico from 1983 to 2013. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Bingaman was Attorney General of New Mexico from 1979 to 1983. 

On February 18, 2011, he announced that he would not run for reelection in 2012.

Dowagiac, Michigan

Dowagiac ( ) is a city in Cass County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 5,721 at the 2020 census. 

Yellow Springs, Ohio

Yellow Springs is a village in Greene County, Ohio, United States. The population was 3,697 at the 2020 census.

Balinese Hinduism

Balinese Hinduism can be defined as a combination of 2 beliefs, the Shiva sect of Hinduism and Mahayana Buddhism. That is why it is often called the Shiva-Buddhist, Hindu-Dharma, Tirtha religions and also the Holy Water Religion.

Belgrade, Nebraska

Belgrade is a village in Nance County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 103 at the 2020 census.

Fullerton, Nebraska

Fullerton is a city in, and the county seat of, Nance County, Nebraska, United States. The population was 1,244 as of the 2020 Census.

Byrdstown, Tennessee

Byrdstown is a town in Pickett County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 798 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Pickett County.

Oceanport, New Jersey

Oceanport is a borough in Monmouth County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 6,150.

Millburn, New Jersey

Millburn is a suburban township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population is 21,710.

Marvin Pratt

Marvin E. Pratt (born May 26, 1944) is an American politician. He was acting mayor of Milwaukee in 2004 and as interim Milwaukee County Executive in 2011. He was the first African-American to serve as mayor of Milwaukee. He ran for a full term as mayor but lost to Tom Barrett in the 2004 general election.

Henry Maier

Henry Walter Maier (February 7, 1918 – July 17, 1994) was an American politician and the longest-serving mayor of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, holding office from 1960 to 1988.

Delafield, Wisconsin

Delafield is a city in Waukesha County, Wisconsin, along the Bark River. The population was 7,085 at the 2010 census.

Mike Thompson (California politician)

Charles Michael Thompson (born January 24, 1951) is an American politician serving as the U.S. representative for (known as the 1st congressional district until 2013) since 1999. He is a member of the Democratic Party.

1981 FIFA World Youth Championship

The 1981 FIFA World Youth Championship, the third edition of the FIFA World Youth Championship, was held in Australia from 3-18 October 1981. The tournament took place at six venues, where a total of 32 matches were played. The venues were located in the cities of Adelaide, Brisbane, Canberra, Melbourne, Newcastle and Sydney. The winner was West Germany, who beat surprise package Qatar 4–0 in a final held at the Sydney Cricket Ground (SCG).

La India

Linda Viera Caballero, known as La India, is a Puerto Rican singer and songwriter. In 2016 she won the Latin Grammy Award for "Best Salsa Album".

She was born on March 9, 1969 in Río Piedras, Puerto Rico. She was raised in the South Bronx area of New York City.

Her first number one album on Billboard's Tropical Albums chart, was in 1994; Her sixth number one album on that chart, was in 2015.

Her discography includes the albums 

1983 FIFA World Youth Championship

The 1983 FIFA World Youth Championship, the fourth edition of the FIFA World Youth Championship, was held in Mexico from 2 June to 19 June 1983. The tournament took place in seven venues — Guadalajara, Irapuato, León, Mexico City, Monterrey, Puebla and Toluca — where a total of 32 matches were played. The winner was Brazil, who beat Argentina by 1–0, in a final held at Mexico City's Azteca Stadium.

Search engine indexing

Search engine indexing is the collecting, parsing, and storing of data to facilitate fast and accurate information retrieval. Index design incorporates many concepts from linguistics, cognitive psychology, mathematics, informatics, and computer science. An alternate name for the process, in the context of search engines designed to find web pages on the Internet, is web indexing.

Major factors in designing a search engine's architecture include:


VG (newspaper)

VG, or Verdens Gang, is a Norwegian newspaper.

As of 2021, it is the Norwegian newspaper with the highest number of readers, according to Store norske leksikon (an encyclopedia).

Islam in Maharashtra

Islam is the second largest religion in the state, with 12,967,840 adherents comprising 11.54% of the population, per estimates.
The Muslim population in the state is heterogeneous. The majority of Muslims are mostly Sunni Muslims. The population in the state is highly urbanised, and spread across different regions. The urban character of the community in Maharashtra can be seen from the fact that Mumbai, the capital city of Maharashtra, is approximately 18.8% Muslim per the Census. Mumbai, the capital city of the state, has approximately over 3 million Muslims. The Muslim population of Mumbai is the city with a large Muslim population among any city outside Muslim-majority countries. 
The Haji Ali Dargah in Mumbai is a famous Islamic shrine in Maharashtra. Similarly, Nagpur, the second capital of Maharashtra, has population that is 11% Muslim.


COVID-19 pandemic in Massachusetts

The COVID-19 pandemic first started in Massachusetts in early February 2020. The first COVID-19 case was in Boston. That was February 1, 2020. From March 5, the number of COVID-19 cases began growing very rapidly.

As of Sunday, February 6, 2022, about 22,600 people in the state of Massachusetts had died from COVID-19 or its related health effects. As of then, over 5.2 million people in the state were fully vaccinated. Just over half of them had the booster shots.

During the United States' 2021–22 winter, COVID-19 went up in the state almost four times that of the winter before (2020–21). By February 2022, however, overall rates started to fall again. The February 6 statistics showed just under 1,502,250 cases in Massachusetts.

The Massachusetts laws and rules stated that anyone over age five could get two shots. Only those age eighteen and older, however, can apply for and receive the boosters.


Erre

Erre () is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,589 people lived there.


Human rights in Malaysia

The Constitution of Malaysia forbids discrimination against citizens based on sex, religion, and race.
Although the constitution accords a "special position" in Article 153, to Bumiputera. They are the indigenous peoples of Malaysia including ethnic Malays and members of tribes indigenous to the states of Sabah and Sarawak in eastern Malaysia. 

Both section 377 of the Penal Code and several state-level laws criminalise homosexuality and sodomy. Laws forbidding sodomy and unnatural carnal intercourse are occasionally enforced. There is also social prejudice founded in the Islamic view of homosexuality. Although the situation is getting better.
Gays are not permitted to appear in the state media. And they cannot be depicted in films unless they "repent" or die. 
In February 2021, a court declared that any state laws within Malaysia cannot be in conflict or override with clear federal laws banning gay sex.

House of slaves

The House of slaves is a museum and memorial to the Atlantic slave trade. It is located on Gorée Island, off the coast of Dakar, Senegal. In 1962 it was made a museum. Historians have different opinions on how important Gorée Island actually was and how many slaves were shipped from there to the Americas. 

The house was constructed in 1776, to hold slaves to be exported. Anna Colas Pépin, an African businesswoman who took part in the slave trade, owned it. 

The Tom and Jerry Show (2014 TV series)

The Tom and Jerry Show (2014) is an American animated comedy television series produced by Warner Bros. Animation aired on Cartoon Network and Boomerang from April 9, 2014 to February 2, 2021. an fifth television series of the Tom and Jerry show. follows "Tom and Jerry in New York" in HBO Max.


Raymond A. Jordan

Raymond A. Jordan Jr. (May 5, 1943 – February 5, 2022) was an American Democrat politician. He was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from 1975 until 1994. Jordan was born in Springfield, Massachusetts.

Jordon died on February 5, 2022 in Springfield at the age of 78.

Ilmārs Verpakovskis

Ilmārs Verpakovskis (15 October 1958 – 6 February 2022) was a Latvian footballer. He played as a midfielder. He made three appearances for the Latvia national team from 1991 until 1992. He was the father of footballer Māris Verpakovskis.

Abdelmalek Ali Messaoud

Abdelmalek Ali Messaoud (27 May 1955 – 6 February 2022) was an Algerian football player and manager. He played as a defender for USM Alger. He had 38 appearances and one goal for the Algeria national team between 1974 until 1978.

Abram Khasin

Abram Iosifovich Khasin (Russian: Абрам Иосифович Хасин; 15 February 1923 – 6 February 2022) was a Russian chess international master and correspondence grandmaster. He was born in Zaporizhia, Ukrainian SSR, USSR. He became a chess master in 1964 and a grandmaster in 1972. Khasin also became the USSR Master of Sports in 1950.

Khasin died on 6 February 2022 in Essen, Germany at the age of 98.

Syl Johnson

Sylvester "Syl" Johnson (born Sylvester Thompson; July 1, 1936 – February 6, 2022) was an American blues and soul singer, musician and record producer. His most successful records included "Different Strokes" (1967), "Is It Because I'm Black" (1969) and "Take Me to the River" (1975). Johnson was born in Holly Springs, Mississippi. His career began in 1959.

Johnson died on February 6, 2022 in Mableton, Georgia of congestive heart failure at the age of 85.

Skillman, New Jersey

Skillman is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) located within Montgomery Township, in Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the CDP's population was 237.

Montgomery Township, New Jersey

Montgomery Township is a township in southern Somerset County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the township's population was 23,690.

Ronnie Hellström

Folke Ronnie Wallentin Hellström (21 February 1949 – 6 February 2022) was a Swedish professional footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He played for Hammarby IF and 1. FC Kaiserslautern during a career that lasted between 1966 and 1984. 

He also made 77 appearances for the Sweden national team from 1968 until 1980. He represented his country at the 1970, 1974, and 1978 FIFA World Cups.

In 2021, Hellström was diagnosed with esophageal cancer. He died on 6 February 2022, two weeks before his 73rd birthday.

Asha Bhosle

Asha Bhosle ( Mangeshkar; born 8 September 1933) is an Indian singer who records songs for movies. Then the movie actors move their lips so that they seem to be singing the songs. She is also a businesswoman. She is best known for her singing in Hindi movies. Bhosle's career started in 1943. In 2013, At the age of 79, Bhosle did her first acting performance with a Marathi movie named "Mai". She is one of the oldest indian actress to have made debut in Bollywood.

Bhosle is the sister of playback singer Lata Mangeshkar. During the 1950s and 60s, Asha and her sister Lata were the main playback singers for Marathi movies. She has been nominated two times for the Grammy Award in 1997 and 2006.

Asha was born on 8 September 1933 in the village of Sangli. Sangli is located near Krishna river. She was the daughter of Deenanath Mangeshkar. Deenanath was an actor and classical singer on Marathi theatre. When Asha was nine years old, her father died. Their family moved from Pune to Kolhapur and then to Mumbai. She and her elder sister Lata Mangeshkar began singing for movies to support their family. She sang her first song "Chala Chala Nav Bala" for the Marathi movie "Majha Bal (1943)". She made her Hindi movie debut when she sang the song 'Saawan Aaya' for the movie named "Chunariya" (1948).

In 1949, at the age of 16, she ran away to marry the 31-year-old Ganpatrao Bhosle, who was her personal secretary. She married him even though her family was against the marriage.
Asha Bhosle became famous when Raj Kapoor chose her in 1954 for a song from the movie named "Boot Polish". The song was called Nanhe Munne Bache (which means cute little kids). She sang it with Mohammed Rafi. Musician O. P. Nayyar also chose Asha Bhosle for "C.I.D." in 1956. BR Chopra chose her for the movie "Naya Daur" in 1957. She sang "Maang Ke Saath Tumhara", "Saathi Haath Badhana" and "Uden Jab Jab Zulfein Teri" with Mohammed Rafi which made her very popular. All these songs in the movie were written by Sahir Ludhianvi. In 1957, Naya Daur was Asha Bhosle's first movie where she sang all the songs in a single movie for the heroine. The heroine in that movie was Vyjayanthimala.

On 2 May 2020, Bhosle launched her YouTube channel named ""Asha Bhosle Official"". As of February 2024, she has 291 thousand subscribers on her YouTube account.

In 1962, Maharashtra government gave Bhosle the '1962 Best singer award' for the Marathi movie, "Manini".

In 2002, she received the BBC Lifetime Achievement Award, which was given to her by the Prime minister of UK, Tony Blair. In 2011, she was honored by the "Guinness Book of World Records" as the most recorded artist in music history. She also received the Dadasaheb Phalke Award in 2000 and the Padma Vibhushan in 2008.

In 2015, she was listed in the Top 100 inspiring women of 2015.

Gary W. Johnston

Gary Wayne Johnston (October 21, 1964 – January 20, 2022) was a United States Army major general. He was the commanding general of the United States Army Intelligence and Security Command (INSCOM) from June 2018 to July 2021. 

Johnston killed himself on January 20, 2022 in Alexandria, Virginia at the age of 57.

Pierre Poilievre

Pierre Marcel Poilievre ( ; born June 3, 1979) is a Canadian politician who has been the leader of the Conservative Party of Canada and the leader of the Opposition since 2022. He is a member of Parliament (MP) since 2004. He was minister for democratic reform from 2013 to 2015 and minister of employment and social development in 2015.

On February 5, 2022, Poilievre announced his candidacy for the leadership election of the Conservative Party. He was elected Leader of the Conservative Party on September 10, 2022.
Pierre Poilievre has a compliance agreement with Elections Canada for campaign violations https://canadagazette.gc.ca/rp-pr/p1/2017/2017-07-22/html/parliament-parlement-eng.html

North Charleroi, Pennsylvania

North Charleroi is a borough in Washington County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,303 at the 2020 census.

Nokia 6500 slide

Nokia 6500 slide was an codenamed mobile phone of Nokia 6500 classic, it was announced by Nokia Corporation on May 31, 2007 along with Nokia 6500c and release on September 20, 2007.

In May 31, 2007. They will be announced of release new phone is "Nokia 6500 classic" and "Nokia 6500 slide", has known Nokia 6500c.

Nokia 6500 slide was release on September 20, 2007 along with release of Nokia 6500 classic or Nokia 6500c. In October 2007, Nokia 6500 slide was release in Canada and United Kingdom, in November 2007 release in China with Chinese language.

In May 2008, Nokia announced that two phone Nokia 6500 classic and Nokia 6500 slide was similar but not same like keyboard of Nokia 6500 slide. 

In June 12, 2008. Nokia 6500 slide was public in MSN Beta website.

In February 2009, Nokia announced they will be discontinued of Nokia 6500 slide because was no longer and along that discontinued of Nokia 6500 classic. That Nokia 6500c will discontinued in June 13. In July 14, 2009. Nokia 6500 slide was ended of support and discontinued in worldwide.

Mostafa Tabrizi

Mostafa Tabrizi (, born 1945) is an Iranian politician.

Bethlehem Township, Stark County, Ohio

Bethlehem Township is one of the seventeen townships of Stark County, Ohio, United States. The 2020 census found 5,520 people in the township.

Beach City, Ohio

Beach City is a village in Stark County, Ohio, United States. The population was 940 at the 2020 census.

Dicen Que Soy

Dicen Que Soy is an album by Puerto Rican-American singer La India. It is from 1994. 

"Nunca Voy a Olvidarte" was the first single to be released from the album. It peaked at number 11 on the Hot Latin Songs chart and number one on the "Billboard" Tropical Songs chart. The second single, "Ese Hombre", reached number 12 on the Hot Latin Songs chart and became her second number-one song on the Tropical Songs chart. Other singles were "Que Ganas de No Verte Más" and "Dicen Que Soy" and "O Ella o Yo".

Palmetto Bay, Florida

Palmetto Bay is a suburban incorporated village in Miami-Dade County, Florida, United States. The population was 24,439 during the 2020 US census.

Johnstown (city), New York

Johnstown is the county seat of Fulton County, New York, United States.

Cudahy, Wisconsin

Cudahy is a city in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.

Franklin, Milwaukee County, Wisconsin

Franklin is a city in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.

Glendale, Wisconsin

Glendale is a city in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.

Greenfield, Wisconsin

Greenfield is a city in Milwaukee County, Wisconsin, United States.

Shawano County, Wisconsin

Shawano County (pronounced SHAW-no) (originally Shawanaw County) is a county located in the U.S. state of Wisconsin. As of the 2020 census, the population was 40,881. Its county seat is Shawano.

Shawano County is included in the Shawano, WI Micropolitan Statistical Area, which is also included in the Green Bay-Shawano, WI Combined Statistical Area.

Kavik River

The Kavik River is an river in the North Slope region of Alaska.

National Olympic Committee of the Republic of Azerbaijan

The National Olympic Committee of the Republic of Azerbaijan (), is the National Olympic Committee (NOC) of Azerbaijan. It is also the governing body for the Olympic Games in Azerbaijan. The headquarters is in Baku.
The National Olympic Committee of Azerbaijan was established in 1992 and recognized by the International Olympic Committee in 1993.

For the first time Azerbaijan took part at the Olympic Games as an independent state in 1996 and since then sends athletes to all Olympic Games.

Earlier, Azerbaijani athletes joined the Olympic Games in the Soviet Union team from 1952 to 1988. After the collapse of the Soviet Union, Azerbaijan became a part of the Unified Team at the Olympics in 1992.

Azerbaijani athletes won, in total, sixteen medals at the Summer Olympic Games. They won in Greco-Roman wrestling, shooting sport, boxing and judo. At the Winter Olympic Games, Azerbaijani athletes have not won any medal.

The main goal is the development of the Olympic movement in Azerbaijan on the basis of the Olympic Charter.






Paper marbling

Paper marbling is a method of which can make patterns. The patterns are the result of paint floated on water. The colouring is transferred to an absorbent surface, such as paper or fabric. 

It is often used as a writing surface for calligraphy, and especially book covers and endpapers in bookbinding and stationery.

It is rarely used today, but was common in the 19th century. The reason for its lack of use today may be that it adds to the expense of the finished book.

Genemuiden

Genemuiden is a small city in the province of Overijssel, the Netherlands. About 10,000 people were living there in 2021.

Genemuiden was also a municipality. In 2001, it became a part of the new created municipality of Zwartewaterland.

Genemuiden got city rights in 1275.


List of number-one singles of 2022 (Finland)

This is a List of number-one singles in Finland in 2021. The source is the Official Finnish Charts.


1984 AFC Asian Cup

The 1984 AFC Asian Cup was the 8th edition of the men's AFC Asian Cup, a quadrennial international football tournament organised by the Asian Football Confederation (AFC). The finals were hosted by Singapore between 1 December and 16 December 1984. The field of ten teams was split into two groups of five. Saudi Arabia won their first title, beating China in the final 2–0.

Operation Hush

In Operation Hush, marines were to land on the Belgian coast and there would be a breakout attack from Nieuwpoort and the Yser bridgehead.


Jeholornis

Jeholornis is a bird-like theropod, that lived in Asia. They lived in the Early Cretaceous.

Aulzhausen

Aulzhausen is a village in the municipality of Affing near Augsburg (8 km) in Aichach-Friedberg, in Swabia - Bavaria, southern Germany.

Aulzhausen is on State Road 2035 (Augsburg - Neuburg). It is about six kilometers away from the A8 motorway Augsburg-East or Augsburg Airport and about eight kilometers away from Augsburg.


Derchinger Baggersee

Derchinger Baggersee is a lake in Swabia, Bavaria, Germany. At an elevation of 464 m, its surface area is 6 ha.

Boana clepsydra

The São Paulo tree frog ("Boana clepsydra") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in only one place: the Serra da Bocaina in São Paulo.

Alz

The Alz is a river in Bavaria, southern Germany. Its origin is on the northern shore near Seebruck. It is a right tributary of the Inn, into which it flows in Marktl. Other towns on the Alz are Altenmarkt an der Alz, Trostberg, Garching an der Alz and Burgkirchen an der Alz.

The Alz is divided into the (upper Alz) and the (lower Alz). The section from the Chiemsee down to Altenmarkt is called the . The section from Altenmarkt to the center in Marktl is called the .

The Traun, a river flowing past the regional administrative center of Traunstein, is a tributary of the Alz.


Cregneash

Cregneash is a small village and tourist destination in the very south-west of the Isle of Man. It is about from Port Erin. Most of the village is now part of the Manx National Heritage. There are also a small number of private homes in the village, but they are made to maintain an older traditional look. The village speaks the Manx language.

Johannes Diderik van der Waals

Johannes Diderik van der Waals (; 23 November 1837 – 8 March 1923) was a Dutch theoretical physicist and thermodynamicist. He became famous for his pioneering work on the equation of state for gases and liquids. Van der Waals started his career as a school teacher. In 1877, he became the first physics professor of the University of Amsterdam. Van der Waals won the 1910 Nobel Prize in physics for his work on the equation of state for gases and liquids.
His name is primarily associated with the Van der Waals equation of state that describes the behavior of gases and their condensation to the liquid phase. His name is also associated with Van der Waals forces (forces between stable molecules), with Van der Waals molecules (small molecular clusters bound by Van der Waals forces), and with Van der Waals radii (sizes of molecules). As James Clerk Maxwell said, "there can be no doubt that the name of Van der Waals will soon be among the foremost in molecular science."
In his 1873 thesis, Van der Waals noted that real gases were not ideal: He thought this was because there are intermolecular interactions. He introduced the first equation of state derived by the assumption of a finite volume occupied by the constituent molecules. Spearheaded by Ernst Mach and Wilhelm Ostwald, a strong philosophical current that denied the existence of molecules arose towards the end of the 19th century. The molecular existence was considered unproven and the molecular hypothesis unnecessary. At the time Van der Waals's thesis was written (1873), the molecular structure of fluids had not been accepted by most physicists, and liquid and vapor were often considered as chemically distinct. But Van der Waals's work affirmed the reality of molecules and allowed an assessment of their size and attractive strength. His new formula revolutionized the study of equations of state. By comparing his equation of state with experimental data, Van der Waals was able to obtain estimates for the actual size of molecules and the strength of their mutual attraction.
The effect of Van der Waals's work on molecular physics in the 20th century was direct and fundamental. By introducing parameters characterizing molecular size and attraction in constructing his equation of state, Van der Waals set the tone for modern molecular science. That molecular aspects such as size, shape, attraction, and multipolar interactions should form the basis for mathematical formulations of the thermodynamic and transport properties of fluids is presently considered an axiom. With the help of the Van der Waals's equation of state, the critical-point parameters of gases could be accurately predicted from thermodynamic measurements made at much higher temperatures. Nitrogen, oxygen, hydrogen, and helium subsequently succumbed to liquefaction. Heike Kamerlingh Onnes was significantly influenced by the pioneering work of Van der Waals. In 1908, Onnes became the first to make liquid helium; this led directly to his 1911 discovery of superconductivity.

PS General Slocum

The PS General Slocum was a ship. It was a steam ship. One June 15, 1904, it caught fire in the East River in New York. More than 1000 people died.

The PS Slocum was built in 1891. It had a sidewheel system. It was a paddle boat. It was a passenger ship. The Solcum was built to take as many as 2500 passengers. It had 2500 life vests. In May 1904, a fire inspector looked at the ship and said its fire stopping tools were in "fine working order."

St. Mark's Evangelical Lutheran Church was on the Lower East Side of Manhattan island. It was in a German-American neighborhood called "Kleindeutschland", or "Little Germany." The church paid the Knickerbocker Steamboat Company $350 for the General Slocum to take a special trip. The trip was to celebrate the end of the school year. Not everyone who came on the trip was German-American. Churchgoers invited their friends and neighbors to come too. Most people wore their best clothes. The people on the boat planned to go to Locust Grove on Long Island's North Shore for the day. They brought baskets of food for picnics. There were 1,358 people on the boat in total, passengers and crew. Most of the passengers were women and children.

The ship left Manhattan at 9:00 a.m. Before 9:30, something on the ship began to burn. The ship caught fire. People had to decide whether to burn on the boat or jump into the water. Most people in 1904 New York could not swim. The clothes people wore in 1904 New York became very heavy when they got wet, so even people who could swim a little were pulled down into the river.

The crew tried to put out the fire with fire hoses. But the hoses were old and broke apart. There were life vests on the ship, but they were so old that they only sank into the water. They had been made with cork, but the cork had turned to powder. The life boats were old and could not float. The crew had not done any fire drills. The crew did not know what to do when the passengers became frightened.

The captain, William Henry Van Schaick, tried to find a place to land, and he chose North Brother Island a mile away. He made the ship move very fast. This made the fire worse.

Some people saw the fire and tried to help. Tug boats came to the ship. The people tried to pull people from the General Slocum out of the water. Mostly, they found dead bodies, but the people on the tug boats pulled dozens of living people out of the water. A ship from the New York Yacht Club came near the General Slocum, but the man on it only watched.

The ship came to North Brother Island. The island had a hospital on it for people with typhoid. The people in the hospital blew their fire whistle. They brought hoses and equipment to put out the fire. Nurses threw ropes and anything that would float to people in the water. Some nurses jumped into the water and swam to pull people out. But the fire was very hot and many people burned to death.

321 people lived. 1021 died. This was the highest number of dead people from one thing in New York City until the September 11 attacks in 2001. The river water washed dead bodies onto the ground for days.

People are not sure how the fire started, but it could have been from a match or cigarette falling onto some hay.

Frank A. Barnaby, the President of the Knickerbocker Steamboat Company, said the captain and crew had done well.

People said Captain Van Schaick decided not to steer the ship back to the city when the fire started. They said this was because of insurance. But it may not be true. Van Schaick steered the ship toward North Brother Island. Van Schaick said this was because he would have had to land the ship near 130th street near the Bronx, which had wood yards and gas tanks.

Captain Van Shaick was put on trial in a United States Circuit Court for criminal negligence. On Janaury 27, 1906, he was found guilty. They said the disaster was his fault because he did not make the crew do fire drills. Judge Thomas sentenced him to 10 years hard labor. The Knickerbocker Steamboat Company was not punished.

Van Schaick went to Sing Sing prison. His wife asked President William Howard Taft to pardon him. Taft did in 1911.

The German-American community in Manhattan changed after the disaster. Many people whose families had died killed themselves or were so sad that it became an illness. The Jewish-American and Italian-American communities lost many people too. There is a marble monument to the people who died in Tompkins Square Park. The Sympathy Society of German Ladies put it there in 1906.

Because most of the people on the boat were women and children, many German-American men suddenly had no wives or children. Many of them moved north to be nearer the place where their families had died. Soon, there was a German-American neighborhood on the Upper East Side. The Kleindeutschland neighborhood faded away. New people from Poland and Russia came to live there instead.

1985 FIFA U-16 World Championship

The 1985 FIFA U-16 World Championship was an association football tournament held by FIFA. The 1985 World Championship was the first edition of the tournament. It was held in the cities of Beijing, Shanghai, Tianjin, and Dalian in People's Republic of China. The tournament took place from July 31, 1985, to August 11, 1985. To play in the tournament, players had to have been born after August 1, 1968. U-16 means age 16 years or under.
The tournament was won by Nigeria. They beat West Germany in the finals. Brazil and Guinea finished third and fourth.

Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena

Tumbes-Chocó-Magdalena (formerly: "Chocó-Darién-Western Ecuador Hotspot") is a biodiversity hotspot which extends from easternmost Panama to the lower Magdalena Valley of Colombia.

Stockfish

Stockfish is the product of drying fish. In many northern countries, fish is dried to make it last longer without going bad. The dried fish is put on wooden racks, It is exposed to air and wind. No salt is used. The wooden racks are called "hjell" in Norway. They are located on the foreshore.

The drying of food is the world's oldest known preservation method. Dried fish have a storage life of several years. The method is cheap and effective in suitable climates; the work can be done by the fisherman and family. The resulting product is easily taken to a market to be sold.


Herbert Benson

Herbert Benson (April 24, 1935 – February 3, 2022), was an American medical doctor, cardiologist, and founder of the Mind/Body Medical Institute at Massachusetts General Hospital (MGH). He was a professor of mind/body medicine at Harvard Medical School and director emeritus of the Benson-Henry Institute (BHI) at MGH. 

Benson died from heart disease and kidney failure at a hospital in Boston, Massachusetts on February 3, 2022, at the age of 86.

Hans Neuenfels

Hans Neuenfels (31 May 1941 – 6 February 2022) was a German writer, poet, movie producer, librettist, theatre director, and opera director. He was born in Krefeld, Germany. He directed plays for Oper Frankfurt and Deutsche Oper Berlin.

Neuenfels has been criticised for creating extremely sexually opera scenes. 

Neuenfels died on 6 February 2022 in Berlin, aged 80.

Noel Allanson

Noel Laurence Allanson (25 December 1925 – 7 February 2022) was an Australian rules footballer. He played with Essendon in the Victorian Football League (VFL) between 1947 until 1951 and also played cricket for Victoria in Sheffield Shield. He was born in Carleton, Victoria. 

Allanson died on 7 February 2022, at the age of 96.

Margarita Lozano

Margarita de las Flores Lozano Jiménez (14 February 1931 – 7 February 2022) was a Spanish actress. Her best known roles were in "Viridiana", "A Fistful of Dollars", "Pigsty", "The Night of the Shooting Stars", "Kaos", "Good Morning Babylon", "La messa è finita", "Jean de Florette" and "Manon des Sources".

Lozano died on 7 February 2022 in Lorca, Spain, one week before her 91st birthday.

Cyclone Batsirai

Intense Tropical Cyclone Batsirai was a powerful tropical cyclone that hit Madagascar. Batsirai formed on 24 January 2022. It became a moderate tropical storm on 27 January, after which it became an intense tropical cyclone. 

20 deaths have been reported in the country.

English Braille

English Braille is the English variation of Braille. It uses dots to show letters, and is most often used by blind people.

Braille was made by Louis Braille in 1824.

Cyprus (disambiguation)

Cyprus may refer to:

Longsheng, Guangxi

Longsheng () is a town in Longsheng Various Nationalities Autonomous County, Guangxi, China. As of 2018 it had a population of 37,000 and an area of .

Kerbal Space Program 2

Kerbal Space Program 2 is a space flight simulation video game. It is a sequel to Kerbal Space Program, and was released into early access on February 24th, 2023.

Navy bean

The navy bean, haricot, pearl haricot bean, Boston bean, white pea bean, or pea bean is a variety of the common bean ("Phaseolus vulgaris") native to the Americas, where it was first domesticated. It is a dry white bean that is smaller than many other types of white beans, and has an oval, slightly flattened shape. It features in such dishes as baked beans, various soups such as Senate bean soup, and even pies.

The green bean plants that produce navy beans may be either of the bush type or vining type, depending on which cultivar they are.

The name "Navy bean" is an American term coined because the US Navy has served the beans as a staple to its sailors since the mid-1800s.

In Australia, navy bean production began during World War II when it became necessary to find an economical way of supplying a nutritious food to the many troops—especially American troops—based in Queensland. The United States military maintained a large base in Kingaroy and had many bases and camps throughout south-east Queensland. It actively encouraged the widespread planting of the beans. Kingaroy is known as the Baked Bean Capital of Australia. Another popular name for the bean during this time was "the Yankee bean".

Navy bean cultivars include:


Other varieties of white beans include:


White beans are the most abundant plant-based source of phosphatidylserine (PS) yet known. It contains notably high levels of apigenin, , which vary widely among legumes.

Consumption of baked beans has been shown to lower total cholesterol levels and low-density lipoprotein cholesterol. This might be at least partly explained by the high saponin content of navy beans. Saponins also exhibit antibacterial and anti-fungal activity, and have been found to inhibit cancer cell growth. Furthermore, navy beans are the richest source of ferulic acid and p-coumaric acid among the common bean varieties.

Dried and canned beans stay fresh longer by storing them in a pantry or other cool, dark place under . With normal seed storage, seeds should last from one to four years for replanting, with a very large timetable for cooking for well-kept seeds, nearing on indefinite. Avoid beans that are discolored from the pure white color of these beans, as they may have been poorly handled while they dried.

Longsheng Various Nationalities Autonomous County

Longsheng Various Nationalities (Gezu) Autonomous County (; ; usually referred to as "Longsheng County" ) is a county in the northeast of Guangxi, China. The north of the county borders to Hunan Province to the north. It is under the administration of Guilin City. The county covers . As of 2019 it had a census registered population of 186,000. The county has six towns and four townships under its jurisdiction, the county seat is the town of Longsheng.

<br>

Cingulate cortex

The cingulate cortex is a part of the brain in the middle of the cerebral cortex. The two parts of the cingulate cortex are the cingulate gyrus and the cingulate sulcus. The cingulate cortex is above the corpus callosum. 
The cingulate cortex is connected to many other parts of the brain. It gets input from the thalamus and the neocortex. Neurons send information from the cingulate cortex to the entorhinal cortex.
The cingulate cortex is a part of the limbic system. It is important for emotions, learning, and memory. The cingulate gyrus is very important for learning from the result of actions (eg. a child did an action that caused a bad outcome, so the child learned to not do that action). The cingulate cortex is also important in depression and schizophrenia.

Fandango (1985 movie)

Fandango is a 1985 American road comedy movie directed by Kevin Reynolds and starring Kevin Costner, Suzy Amis, Judd Nelson, Sam Robards, Chuck Bush, Glenne Headly, E. G. Dailly. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Transformice

Transformice is a massively multiplayer online game that is available to play online. It is also a platform game and is free-to-play. It was created by Tigrounette and Melibellule on May 1, 2010. "Transformice" needs either a web browser running Adobe Flash Player 9.0+, Adobe AIR to use the official standalone or Steam to play the game. In 2012, the game had 10 million accounts, 60 million in 2015, 70 million in 2017, and 100 million in 2019.

The aim of the game is to collect the cheese as a mouse and take it back to the mouse hole. Players control the mouse with the arrow keys.

When a player gets the highest score on the scoreboard, they will become a shaman on the next map. The shaman helps other players get the cheese and bring it back to the hole. The shaman can make objects such as planks, boxes, anvils and balloons to create structures.

Cheese can be used to buy clothes for the mouse.

Players can win rewards such as titles, badges and clothes by completing tasks.

"Transformice" has different game modes.

This is the normal mode of "Transformice". It has maps mostly made by players.

Vanilla is very similar to "Transformice". It only has official maps.

In this mode, the shaman tries to kill the mice using cannonballs.

In this mode, players compete to finish maps as fast as possible. Shortcuts help finish the map quickly.

Bootcamp levels are very hard.

The map moves horizontally and players must keep up with it. There are points around the map and mice must collect as many as possible before getting the cheese and entering the hole.

This mode has minigames made by other players using a programming language called Lua. There are over 40 official modules and over 70 semi-official modules.

There is no objective in this game mode. The map looks like a village, with several non-player characters. Players use the village to chat, roleplay or trade.

The game was created by Melibellule (real name Mélanie Christin) and Tigrounette (real name Jean-Baptiste Le Marchand). They met at work and became friends. Tigrounette had experience making games in the past and wanted Melibellule to make the artwork. Melibellule came up with the idea of a little mouse who had to get cheese and bring it back to the mouse hole as quickly as possible.

After quitting their jobs, Melibellule and Tigrounette created the gaming company Atelier 801. They later made the games "Run for Cheese!", "Bouboum", "Nekodancer", "Fortoresse", "Dead Maze" and "Tomb Rumble". A sequel called "Transformice Adventures" is being made.


Vred

Vred is a commune in Nord in north France. In 2018, 1,357 people lived there.


Domeykosaurus

Domeykosaurus (meaning "Domeyko lizard", after 19th century scientist Ignacy Domeyko) is a genus of dinosaur from the Late Cretaceous. It was a sauropod, more specifically a Titanosaur Its fossils were found in Chile by paleontologists David Rubilar and Alexander Vargas in 2003. At 40 percent complete, the Domeykosaurus fossil is the most complete example of any dinosaur found in Chile.

Domeykosaurus was 25 feet long and 6.5 feet wide, with the long neck and tail typical of titanosaurs. It was uncharacteristically gracile, with more slender limbs than are usually associated with its type. Paleontologists speculate that the herbivore most likely ate such plants as the extant genus Araucaria, also known as the "Monkey Puzzle Tree", which is native to the area.

Alice Moretti

Alice Moretti (19 June 1921 – 6 February 2022) was a Swiss politician. She was a member of the Free Democratic Party of Switzerland. Moretti was on the Grand Council of Ticino from 1971 to 1987. She was born in Melide, Switzerland.

Moretti died in Paradiso, Switzerland on 6 February 2022 at the age of 100.

Praveen Kumar Sobti

Praveen Kumar Sobti (6 December 1947 – 7 February 2022) was an Indian hammer and discus thrower, actor and politician. Sobti was born in Punjab, India.

As an athlete he won four medals at the Asian Games, including two gold medals, won a silver medal in the Commonwealth Games and competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and the 1972 Summer Olympics. As an actor, he was known for his role as Bheem in "Mahabharat".

As a politician he ran in the 2013 Delhi Legislative elections on an Aam Aadmi Party ticket, but lost. In 2014, he joined the Bharatiya Janata Party.

Sobti died on 7 February 2022 in New Delhi, India from cardiac arrest, aged 74.

From Hell (movie)

From Hell is a 2001 American Czech period horror thriller movie directed by The Hughes Brothers and was based on the graphic novel of the same name by Alan Moore and Eddie Campbell. It stars Johnny Depp, Heather Graham, Ian Holm, Ian Richardson, Robbie Coltrane, Jason Flemyng, Annabelle Apsion, Lesley Sharp, Susan Lynch, Paul Rhys, Ian McNeice, David Schofield, Bruce Byron and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Ivan Hudec

Ivan Hudec (10 July 1947 – 7 February 2022) was a Slovak writer and politician. He was a member of the People's Party – Movement for a Democratic Slovakia. He was Minister of Culture from 1994 to 1998. Hudec was born in Nitra, Czechoslovakia.

Hudec died in Bratislava, Slovakia on 7 February 2022, at the age of 74.

Boris Deich

Borys Davidovich Deich (; 28 August 1938 – 7 February 2022) was a Romanian-born Ukrainian politician. He was a member of the Party of Regions. He was in the Verkhovna Rada from 2002 until 2014. Deich was born in Sighetu Marmației, Romania. He supported Russia's actions towards Crimea in Ukraine.

Deich died on 7 February 2022 in Moscow, Russia from COVID-19, aged 83.

Zdzisław Jan Ryn

Zdzisław Jan Ryn (21 October 1938 – 6 February 2022) was a Polish politician. He was the Ambassador to Chile from 1991 to 1997. He was also the Ambassador to Argentina from 2007 to 2008. Ryn was born in Szczyrk, Poland.

Ryn died in Kraków, Poland on 6 February 2022, at the age of 83.

Robert Blalack

Robert Blalack (December 9, 1948 – February 2, 2022) was a Panamanian-born American mass-media visual artist and producer. He won the Academy Award for Best Visual Effects for his work on the original "Star Wars". He won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Special Visual Effects for his work on the television movie "The Day After". Blalack was born in Panama City, Panama.

Blalack died on February 2, 2022 in Paris, France from problems caused by cancer, aged 73.

Co Adriaanse

Jacobus "Co" Adriaanse (born 21 July 1947) is a Dutch football manager. As player he played as centre-back for De Volewijckers anf FC Utrecht.

Adriaanse played six seasons with (now dissolved) De Volewijckers (1964 until 1970) and also six seasons with Utrecht (1970 until 1976).

Adriaanse began his managing career with Zilvermeeuwen in 1979for four years and then went to AZ as scout and youth trainer. Then he coached PEC Zwolle and FC Den Haag for four seasons each. He then managed the youth side of Ajax, for five seasons.

In 1997 he became manager of Willem II. The team finished in fifth place and had wins over Feyenoord (2–0) and defending champions PSV (4–1). The fifth place was the first qualification for European football since 1963. In the 1998–99 UEFA Cup they reached round 2 but lost to Betis Sevilla. After the team did not reach another European competition, Adriaans resigned in 2000.

Adriaanse returned to Ajax as manager and reached a third place but was sacked early in the next season because of poor results.
In November 2002 Adriaanse was signed to AZ. In the first season they finished tenth, in the next fifth . They qualified for the UEFA Cup 2004-05. There they reached the semi-finals but lost to Sporting Clube de Portugal. In the Eredivisiethey finished third.

On 24 May 2005 Adriaanse was presented as the new manager of Portuguese club Porto. In the first season as Porto coach, he achieved the double for the first time since Jose Mourinho left the club.

On 9 August 2006 Adriaanse resigned as manager of Porto. In December 2006 he became coach of FC Metalurh Donetsk. On 17 May 2007 he resigned as manager of Metalurh Donetsk.
On 27 August 2007 Adriaanse became manager of Al-Sadd but resigned as coach on 28 January 2008.

On 13 March 2008 Adriaanse signed with the Austrian champion Red Bull Salzburg. He left the club after the end of the season finishing with the team as champion.

2010 he became manager of the Qatar Olympic team. His Middle East stint, however, lasted only 14 months, as his contract was terminated by mutual consent in March 2011.

On 20 June 2011 he was named manager. In his first official match with the club, Adriaanse won the Johan Cruyff Shield against his former team Ajax. In January 2012 the contract was dissolved by Twente.

2014-15 Adriaanse was technical advisor at Utrecht. At the end of the season he left.

Porto

Red Bull Salzburg

Twente

Individual

Leirpollen

Leirpollen or Store Leirpollen (North Sami: "Juovlavuotna") is a branch (Norwegian: fjordarm) of the Tana Fjord in Tana (municipality); Leirpollen is 5.5 kilometer long.


WBC

WBC may refer to:

Greater Lowell

Greater Lowell is the name given to the city of Lowell, Massachusetts and its suburbs are found in Middlesex County. As of the 2010 census, 299,550 people lived there.


IBC

IBC may refer to:

Life Below Zero

Life Below Zero is an American documentary television series about some subsistence hunters in Alaska. The show is produced by BBC Studios, and is shown on National Geographic.

In 2020, its fourteenth season [... started].

The show has won some Emmy Awards - seven as of 2022.


Aidan Gallanger

Aidan Gallagher (born 18 September 2003) is an American actor known for his role as Number Five in the Netflix television show Umbrella Academy
. He has also played Nicky Harper in the Nickelodeon television show Nicky, Ricky, Dicky & Dawn. 

Paul Wesley

Paul Wesley (born 23 July 1982) is an American actor and movie director. He is mostly known for playing Stefan Salvatore in CW's television series The Vampire Diaries. 

Boana claresignata

The Rio tree frog or thigh-barred tree frog ("Bokermannohyla claresignata") is a frog that lives in Brazil. Scientists have seen it in the Serra do Mar.

Okakarara Constituency

Okakarara Constituency is a constituency in the Otjozondjupa Region of Namibia. It 21,336 people living there. The administrative town is the settlement of Okakarara.

Okakarara is one of the few Namibian constituencies that are dominated by government opposition party. The 2015 regional election was won by Vetaruhe Kandorozu of the National Unity Democratic Organisation with 3,628 votes, followed by Jonathan Tjakuva of SWAPO with 2,126 votes and Abdal Mutjavikua of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance with 1,702 votes. Mujazu Urika of the SWANU gained 100 votes.

Per Osland

Per Osland is a Norwegian physicist specializing in theoretical particle physics. He is a professor emeritus at the University of Bergen.

Osland earned a degree in physics from the Norwegian Institute of Technology in 1968, and completed a Ph.D. at the University of Trondheim in 1975. He became a professor at the University of Bergen in 1987.
He is the coauthor with Roy J. Glauber of the book Asymptotic Diffraction Theory and Nuclear Scattering.

Hage

Hage (East Frisian: Haag) is a small East Frisian town in Lower Saxony, Germany. Placed in the district of Aurich close to the North Sea, it is about 5 km east of Norden. Hage is also the seat of the "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") Hage.

Hage (Samtgemeinde)

Hage is a "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its seat is in the municipality Hage.

The "Samtgemeinde" Hage has the following municipalities:


Hagermarsch

Hagermarsch is a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Halbemond

Halbemond is a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is home to the Motodrom Halbemond, one of Europe's largest speedway stadiums.

Hinte

Hinte is a village and a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 20 km south of Norden, and 6 km north of Emden.

Ihlow

Ihlow () is a village and a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 8 km southwest of Aurich, and 15 km east of Emden.

Juist

Juist () () is an island and municipality in Aurich in Lower Saxony in Germany. The island is one of seven East Frisian Islands at the edge of the Lower Saxon Wadden Sea in the southern North Sea. It is between Borkum Island (west), Memmert Island (southwest) and Norderney (east). The island is long and from to wide, depending on the tide levels. There are two villages on the island: the main village Juist, and Loog. The island is separated from Norderney by the Norderneyer Seegatt.

Krummhörn

Krummhörn is a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is near the Ems estuary, about 15 km southwest of Norden, and 10 km northwest of Emden.

The community (Gemeinde) of Krummhörn has 19 villages:

Freepsum

Freepsum is a village in the municipality of Krummhörn in Aurich in East Frisia in North Germany. It is about ten kilometres northwest of the seaport of Emden.

Greetsiel

Greetsiel is a small port in western East Frisia, Germany. Since 1972, Greetsiel has been part of the municipality of Krummhörn, which has its administrative seat in Pewsum. The nearest railway station is at Emden, about away, and the two towns are linked by a bus service.

Greetsiel is on the Leybucht, a small bay on the East Frisian coast. The distance to the nearest towns of Emden and Norden is to the north and south respectively.


Groothusen

Groothusen is in the municipality of Krummhörn in western East Frisia on Germany's North Sea coast. It is about 15 kilometres northwest of the seaport of Emden.



Loquard

Loquard is an old village, now part of Krummhörn in Ostfriesland in Germany. It is part of the Aurich rural governmental district.

Pewsum

Pewsum is a village in the municipality of Krummhörn (Aurich) in the west of East Frisia. Pewsum is both the administrative seat as well as the trade and craft centre for the municipality. The village is at a height of .



Rysum

Rysum is a village 15 kilometers west of Emden in the region of East Frisia, Germany.


Upleward

Upleward is a village in the municipality of Krummhörn in Aurich in East Frisia in north Germany. It is about ten kilometres northwest of Emden, on the North Sea. In 2012, 395 people lived there.

A Grand Day Out

A Grand Day Out with Wallace and Gromit, later marketed as A Grand Day Out, is a 1989 British Clay animation|stop-motion animated short film starring Wallace and Gromit. It was directed, co-written, and animated by Nick Park at the National Film and Television School in Beaconsfield and Aardman Animations in Bristol.

1985 FIFA World Youth Championship

The 1985 FIFA World Youth Championship, the fifth edition of the FIFA World Youth Championship, was held in the Soviet Union (USSR) from 24 August to 7 September 1985. The tournament took place in ten venues within eight host cities — Baku, Yerevan, Leningrad, Minsk (2 stadiums), Moscow, Hoktemberyan, Tbilisi (2 stadiums) and Sumqayit — where a total of 32 matches were played. The winner was Brazil, which managed to retain the title, by beating Spain by 1–0, in the final played at Moscow's Luzhniki Stadium.

Sopa de cação

Sopa de cação () is a dish of Portuguese cuisine. It originated from Alentejo.

Joseph Morgan

Joseph Morgan is a British actor. He is mostly known for his role as Klaus Mikaelson in The Vampire Diaries and The Originals. 

Okahandja Constituency

Okahandja Constituency is an electoral constituency in the Otjozondjupa Region of Namibia. It had 18,155 people living there in 2004 and 18,109 voters . The constituency is made of the town of Okahandja and the surrounding rural area.

The 2015 regional election was won by Steve Biko Booys of the SWAPO Party with 3,280 votes. Independent candidate Welfriedt Groeitjie Goaseb gained 501 votes. 

The SWAPO candidate also won the 2020 regional election. Bethuel Tjaveondja received 2,451 votes, more than Frisia Ambondja of the Independent Patriots for Change (IPC), a party formed in August 2020, which got 1,057 votes. Other people ran, such as Belinda Garoes of the United Democratic Front (UDF, 599 votes), Willem Veiko of the Popular Democratic Movement (PDM, the new name of the DTA, 350 votes), and Tjitee Mujoro of the Landless People's Movement (LPM, a new party registered in 2018, 332 votes).

Calo

Calo, Caló, or Calò may refer to:


People:


Calo, Calones


The Chain Reaction

The Chain Reaction is a 1980 Australian science fiction action movie directed by Ian Berry and starring Steve Bisley, Hugh Keays-Byrne, Lorna Lesley, Patrick Ward, Richard Moir, Mel Gibson.


Oxyrhynchus hymn

The Oxyrhynchus hymn is a Christian Greek religious song with lyrics and musical notation from the 3rd century AD. The hymn was written on a manuscript that was discovered in 1918 in modern Egypt, published in 1922, and now preserved in Oxford University.

The lyrics of the Oxyrhynchus hymn were written in the Greek language. They use poetry to summon silence in praise of the Holy Trinity, a motif of ancient Greek hymns called "cosmic stillness". The music of the Oxychynchus hymn is composed in Greek vocal notation. Overall, the Oxyrhynchus hymn illustrates the historical continuity of Greek culture where educated Christian Greeks accepted and used the musical notation of their ancient Greek ancestors. Also, it is the only surviving piece of Christian Greek music from the first 400 years of Christianity.

The Phos Hilaron and the Oxyrhynchus hymn are the earliest existing Greek hymns used in Christian worship, but are not based on the Bible.





Music of Greece

The music of Greece is the tradition of music developed by the Greeks as a nation throughout their history. It is divided into three parts: ancient Greek, medieval Greek (or Byzantine), and modern Greek. Different regions of Greece have different variations of Greek music.



Johnny Raper

John William Raper (12 April 1939 – 9 February 2022), also nicknamed "Chook", was an Australian rugby league player and coach. He was a lock-forward. He played for the St George Dragons. From 1959 to 1966, he won eight premierships in a row with the Dragons. Raper was born in Revesby, Sydney, New South Wales.

For the Australia national team, Raper had a record 33 Test caps between 1959 and 1968. He played in six World Cup games between 1960 and 1968. He captained Australia eight times in 1967–68. He has since been named as one of the nation's best rugby league players of the 20th century. He was named an "Immortal" in 1981.

Raper died due to dementia on 9 February 2022 in Caringbah, Sydney. He was 82.


A Piece of Sky (1980 movie)

A Piece of Sky ( A Slap in the Face) (; ) is a 1980 Armenian romantic comedy movie directed by Henrik Malyan and starring Frunzik Mkrtchyan, Sofiko Chiaureli, Ashot Adamyan, Galina Belyayeva, Galya Novents, Azat Sherents.


Canada convoy protest

Freedom Convoy () was a protest in Canada against COVID-19 vaccine requirements for truckers to re-enter the country by land. The protests began with many truck drivers from all provinces coming together against the vaccine mandate and Prime Minister Justin Trudeau on January 22, 2022. On January 29, 2022, truckers and other vaccine protestors started rally at Parliament Hill in Ottawa. 

The protest continued into February. Protesters have stated that they will not leave until all COVID-19 restrictions and mandates have been removed with some wanting the federal government to be overthrown.

Some politicians and media sources raised concerns that organizers and groups involved with the protest have had connections with "white nationalism, racism, Islamophobia, the QAnon conspiracy theory, and far-right groups that support violence".

On February 14, 2022 Prime Minister Trudeau announced he would use the Emergencies Act to stop the protests, making it the first time that the act has been used in Canadian history.

State of emergency

A state of emergency is when a government is able to put through policies that it would normally not be able to do, for the safety and protection of its citizens. A government can declare a state of emergency during a natural disaster, violent protests, medical pandemic or epidemic or other biosecurity risk.

States of emergency can also be used as a reason for ending certain rights and freedoms given under a country's constitution or basic law, sometimes through martial law.


Sylvanus Olympio

Sylvanus Olympio was the first president of Togo. He served as Togo first president from 1961 to 1963. Unfortunately, he was assassinated.


Götz Werner

Götz Wolfgang Werner (5 February 1944 – 8 February 2022) was a German businessman. He was a popular support for universal basic income. In 2013, his net worth was said to be around €1.1 billion, making him the 109th-richest German.

Werner died in Stuttgart, Germany on 8 February 2022, three days after his 78th birthday.

David Rudman (wrestler)

David Rudman (April 13, 1943 – February 8, 2022) was a Russian-American wrestler, Sambo world champion, and judo European champion. He won two gold medals at the European Judo Championships in 1969 and 1970.

Ricky Hunter

Charles B. Sprott (March 1, 1936 – February 8, 2022) was a Canadian professional wrestler. He was better known by his ring names Ricky Hunter and the masked wrestler The Gladiator. He was best known for his title-winning success in Championship Wrestling from Florida in the late 1960s, and for his appearances from the mid-1980s in the World Wrestling Federation (now WWE). Hunter was born in Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada.

Hunter died on February 8, 2022 in Clearwater, Florida, at the age of 85.

Alondra Nelson

Alondra Nelson (born 1968) is an American writer and academic. Nelson is the Acting Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy since 2022. She is the Harold F. Linder Chair and Professor in the School of Social Science at the Institute for Advanced Study. She currently serves as Deputy Director for Science and Society in the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) under the Joe Biden administration since 2021. 

From 2017 until 2021, she was president of the Social Science Research Council. She was a professor of sociology at Columbia University in the City of New York. 

Boris Furmanov

Boris Furmanov (; 17 December 1936 – 8 February 2022) was a Russian politician. He was Minister of Architecture, Construction, and Housing from 1991 to 1992. 

Furmanov died on 8 February 2022, at the age of 85.

Leonid Filimonov

Leonid Filimonov (; 22 July 1935 – 8 February 2022) was a Russian politician. He was a member of the Communist Party. He was Minister of Oil and Gas from 1989 to 1991. He also was in the Federation Council from 1994 to 1996 and in the Legislative Duma of Tomsk Oblast from 1997 to 2001. 

Filimonov died on 8 February 2022, at the age of 86.

Borivoj Dovniković

Borivoj Dovniković (12 December 1930 – 8 February 2022) was a Croatian movie director and animator. He was a member of the Zagreb school of animated films style. From 1977 to 1982 he was a member of the International Animated Film Association and was a board member of Animafest Zagreb festival.

Dovniković died in Zagreb on 8 February 2022, at the age of 91.

Javier Berasaluce

Javier Berasaluce Marquiegui (4 January 1931 – 8 February 2022) was a Spanish footballer. He played as a goalkeeper. He played in La Liga with Deportivo Alavés, Real Madrid and Racing de Santander. His career began in 1951 and he retired in 1963.

Berasaluce died on 8 February 2022, at the age of 91.

Sérgio Barcelos

Sérgio Cerqueira Barcelos (4 October 1943 – 8 February 2022) was a Brazilian politician. He was a member of the Democrats. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1991 to 2003. Barcelos was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil.

Barcelos died in João Pessoa, Brazil from cardiac arrest caused by heart surgery on 8 February 2022, at the age of 78.

Arnaldo Arocha

Arnaldo Horacio Arocha Vargas (10 September 1936 – 8 February 2022) was a Venezuelan politician. He was a member of Copei. He was Governor of Miranda from 1971 to 1974 and again from 1990 to 1995. He also was in the Venezuelan Chamber of Deputies from 1969 to 1974 and again from 1984 to 1989. Arocha was born in Charallave, Venezuela.

Arocha died on 8 February 2022, at the age of 85.

William H. Folwell

William Hopkins Folwell (October 26, 1924 – February 7, 2022) was an American Episcopal prelate. He was the Bishop of Central Florida from 1970 until 1989. He was made a deacon in 1952. Folwell was born in Port Washington, New York.

Folwell died on February 7, 2022 at the age of 97.

Zbigniew Namysłowski

Zbigniew Jacek Namysłowski (9 September 1939 – 7 February 2022) was a Polish jazz alto saxophonist, flautist, cellist, trombonist, pianist and composer. He was born in Warsaw, Poland. He worked on the Krzysztof Komeda album "Astigmatic" recorded in 1965.

Namysłowski died on 7 February 2022 in Warsaw at the age of 82.

Douglas Trumbull

Douglas Hunt Trumbull (; April 8, 1942 – February 7, 2022) was an American movie director, special effects supervisor, and inventor. He was known for his special photographic effects of "", "Close Encounters of the Third Kind", "", "Blade Runner" and "The Tree of Life". He directed the movies "Silent Running" and "Brainstorm". Trumbull was born in Los Angeles, California. In 1979, he won a Saturn Award.

Trumbull died at a hospital in Albany, New York on February 7, 2022 from a stroke caused by brain cancer at the age of 79.

Angiolo Bandinelli

Angiolo Bandinelli (21 March 1927 – 6 February 2022) was an Italian Radical Party politician. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1986 to 1987. He was born in Chianciano Terme, Kingdom of Italy.

Bandinelli died on 6 February 2022, at the age of 94.

Chianciano Terme

Chianciano Terme is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Siena in the Italian region Tuscany. It is located about southeast of Florence and about southeast of Siena.

Frank McAtamney

Francis Stevens McAtamney (15 May 1934 – 6 February 2022) was a New Zealand rugby union player. He was a member of the New Zealand national side, the All Blacks, in 1956 and 1957, playing in the prop position. He was born in Middlemarch, New Zealand.

McAtamney died on 6 February 2022 in Geraldine, New Zealand at the age of 87.

Ryszard Kubiak

Ryszard Kubiak (22 March 1950 – 6 February 2022) was a Polish rowing coxswain. He competed in the 1972 Summer Olympics, in the 1976 Summer Olympics, and in the 1980 Summer Olympics. He was born in Bydgoszcz, Poland. He finished in sixth place in 1972 and 1976; however Kubiak won a bronze medal in 1980.

Kubiak died on 6 February 2022, at the age of 71.

Mavie Bardanzellu

Maria Vittoria "Mavie" Bardanzellu (6 April 1938 – 5 February 2022) was an Italian actress. She was born in Luras, Sardinia, Kingdom of Italy. Her best known roles were in "A Question of Honour", "Menage all'italiana", "Carogne si nasce", "Silvia e l' amore" and "Silvia e l’amore".

Bardanzellu died on 5 February 2022, at the age of 83.

Paul Overgaard

Paul Philip Overgaard (February 15, 1930 – February 4, 2022) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. Overgaard was a member of the Minnesota House of Representatives from 1963 until 1969 and of the Minnesota Senate from 1971 until 1973. He was born in Albert Lea, Minnesota.

Overgaard died on February 4, 2022 in Albert Lea, just eleven days before his 92nd birthday.

A Family at War

A Family at War is a British drama television series that aired on ITV for 3 seasons and 52 episodes. It ran from 14 April, 1970 to 16 February, 1972 and starring Colin Douglas, Shelagh Fraser, Colin Campbell, Keith Drinkel, Barbara Flynn, Coral Atkins, David Dixon, John Nettles, Patrick Troughton, Margery Mason, Brett Usher.

Nablus Governorate

The Nablus Governorate ( "") is an administrative district of Palestine. It is located in the Central Highlands of the West Bank, 53 km north of Jerusalem. It covers the area around the city of Nablus, which is the governate's seat (capital).

Zhang Jie (writer)

Zhang Jie (, 27 April 1937 – 21 January 2022) was a Chinese novelist and short-story writer. She is one of China's first feminist fiction writers. Zhang's novel "Leaden Wings" was translated into German in 1982 and published in England in 1987 by Virago Press. She was awarded the Mao Dun Literature Prize in 1985 for "Leaden Wings" and in 2005 for "Without a Word", making her the first writer to receive the award twice.

Zhang died in New York on January 21, 2022, at the age of 84.

Hale Trotter

Hale Freeman Trotter (30 May 1931 – 17 January 2022) was a Canadian-American mathematician. He was known for the Lie–Trotter product formula, the Steinhaus–Johnson–Trotter algorithm, and the Lang–Trotter conjecture. He was born in Kingston, Ontario.

Trotter died in Princeton, New Jersey on 17 January 2022, aged 90.

Hugo Steinhaus

Władysław Hugo Dionizy Steinhaus (January 14, 1887 – February 25, 1972) was a Polish mathematician and educator. He was known for his Banach–Steinhaus theorem. After World War II Steinhaus played an important part in the creation of the mathematics department at Wrocław University. He is seen as one of the early founders of game theory and probability theory.


Rex Cawley

Warren Jay "Rex" Cawley (July 6, 1940 – January 2022) was an American athlete. He won a gold medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He competed at the 400 m hurdles in 1964. Cawley was born in Highland Park, Michigan.

Cawley died in January 2022 at the age of 81.

Azita Raji

Azita Raji (, September 29, 1961 – February 8, 2022) was an Iranian-born American politician, banker, and philanthropist. She was nominated by President Barack Obama in October 2014 to serve as the United States Ambassador to Sweden. She was confirmed by the United States Senate in February 2016. Her term ended on January 20, 2017.

In 2016, Raji read Bob Dylan's letter to the Nobel Committee on his behalf in Stockholm, in recognition of Dylan being awarded the 2016 Nobel Prize in Literature.

Raji died on February 8, 2022 in California after a short-illness at the age of 60.

Nobel Committee

A Nobel Committee is a responsible for most of the work involved in selecting Nobel Prize winners. There are five Nobel Committees, one for each Nobel Prize.

Four of these committees (for prizes in physics, chemistry, physiology or medicine, and literature) are working bodies within their prize awarding. These four Nobel Committees only propose possible candidates, while the final decision is taken in a larger assembly. This assembly is made up of the entire academies for the prizes in physics, chemistry, and literature, as well as the 50 members of the Nobel Assembly at the Karolinska Institute for the prize in physiology or medicine.

Mark Brzezinski

Mark Francis Brzezinski (born April 7, 1965) is an American lawyer. He is the United States Ambassador to Poland since 2022 during the Joe Biden administration. He was the United States Ambassador to Sweden from 2011 to 2015 during the Barack Obama administration.

His father was United States National Security Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski and his sister is journalist and commentator Mika Brzezinski.

Gerhard Roth

Gerhard Roth (24 June 1942 – 8 February 2022) was an Austrian writer. He was born in Graz, Austria. From 1973 to 1978, he was member of the Grazer Autorenversammlung before he moved to Hamburg in 1979. He won many literature prizes, among which are the literature prize of Styria (1976), the Alfred Döblin Prize (1983), and the Bruno-Kreisky-Prize (2002). In 1995, he was awarded the Golden Romy for his screenplay of "Schnellschuss".

Roth died on 8 February 2022 in Graz from an illness at the age of 79.

Mentor, Ohio

Mentor ( ) is a city in Lake County, Ohio, United States. Mentor was first settled in 1797. The population was 47,450 at the 2020 census. 

Christopher Dominic Ahearne

Christopher Dominic Ahearne (1886 – 1964) was a colonial administrator. He was a cadet in Straits Settlement Government service in 1910. He was later the Federal Secretary of the (FMS) in 1936.

Ahearne was a cadet in Straits Settlement Government service in 1910.
Then he was attached to the Indian Immigrant Department in Penang.
He was appointed as (Balik Pulau) in 1911. He was also appointed as the District Officer of Balik Pulau in 1916.
In addition, he held several posts of 2nd Assistant Superintendent of Immigrant (Klang and Kuala Lumpur), Assistant Controller of Labour (Kuala Lumpur, Penang and Klang) in 1913 and 1914.
He was Assistant Adviser (Batu Pahut, Johore) in 1919. In 1923 as Second Magistrate in Singapore, Deputy Controller of Labour (Kuala Lumpur) and Deputy Controller of Labour (Penang).
In 1925, he was on special duty for Indian Immigration Committee in connection with the Avadi Water Supply and Drainage.
He went to Assam to investigate labour condition in British India.
He was the Controller of Labour for Malaya in 1930.
In 1931, he led the Straits Settlements Delegation to the International Shipping Conference held in Simila.
During the , he was the chairman of the Straits Settlements Retrenchment Committee.
In 1933, he led a Malayan delegation to New Delhi to discuss on the immigration questions with the Indian Government.
He was appointed as first Federal Secretary of the Federated Malay States in 1936 to 1939, created by Sir Cecil Clementi.

Ahearne was appointed Companion of the Most Distinguished Order of St. Michael and St. George (CMG) in 1939.

Nokia 6303 classic

Nokia 6303 classic was an mobile phone succesor like codenamed Nokia 6303i, it was announced in late 2008 and release on May 17, 2009.

In July 2008, Nokia announced they will be release Nokia 6303i with the codenamed of Nokia 6303 classic development, but does smillar to Nokia 6300 and Nokia 6500 classic. 

In December 1, 2008. Nokia 6303i has discontinued, replace of Nokia 6303 classic, Nokia announced that Nokia 6303i is an codenamed of Nokia 6303 classic.

In late 2008, Nokia announced that Nokia 6303 classic will begin in 2009 after that Nokia 6303i is codenamed and was discontinued in December 2008. In April 2009, Nokia 6303 classic is release of Canada and United Kingdom. Nokia 6303 classic was release in worldwide on May 17, 2009.

In June 13, 2009. After Nokia 6500 classic was discontinued, Nokia announced that Nokia 6303 classic will support after in 2011 was discontinued.

In July 2009, Nokia 6303 classic was pubilc in announcement <nowiki>"Nokia Five Day Later"</nowiki> celebrate of discontinued Nokia 6303i. Nokia announced they will have Nokia 6303 classic in Campagin Shop started on August 13, 2009 and ended sales after discontinued.

In January 2011, Nokia announced that Nokia 6303 classic will be discontinued because was no longer after release in 2009, Nokia 6303 classic will discontinued in worldwide on April 5, 2011.

The Originals

The Originals is an American supernatural show. It's began airing on The CW in October 2013. On May 2017 the series was renewed for a fifth and final season which aired from April to August 2017. 

The show has received generally high reviews from critics such as Rotten Tomatoes. 

Wilhelm Johannsen

Wilhelm Johannsen (3 February 1857 – 11 November 1927) invented the term "gene". He was a Danish pharmacist, botanist, plant physiologist, and geneticist. 

He is best known for coining the terms gene, phenotype and genotype, and for his 1903 "pure line" experiments in genetics.

Daniel Gillies

Daniel Gillies(born March 14, 1976) is an Canadian-New Zealand actor. He is mostly known for playing Elijah Mikaelson in The Originals.

David Mazouz

David Mazouz (born February 2, 2001) is an American actor. He is known for playing the role of Bruce Wayne in the television series Gotham.

Open Source Initiative

The Open Source Initiative (OSI) It is a California-based public-benefit nonprofit corporation. They aim to contribute to open source software.


Yarmouk University

Yarmouk University is a public Jordanian university located in the city of Irbid in the north of Jordan. It was established in 1976. it is specialized in pure sciences, with the exception of the Hijjawi College of Applied Engineering. The university consists of 15 major schools.

Mutah University

Mutah University is a Jordanian university located in the town of Mutah in the Karak Governorate, 135 km south of the Jordanian capital Amman and 12 km from the ancient Karak Citadel. The university was established in 1981. It consists of two major sections; civil and military. The military wing began its operations in 1984, and in 1986 the Council of Higher Education decided to establish a civilian section.

Bokermannohyla pseudopseudis

The veadeiros tree frog or veadeiros waterfall frog ("Bokermannohyla pseudopseudis") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

1987 FIFA U-16 World Championship

The FIFA U-16 World Championship 1987, the second edition of the tournament, was hosted by Canada and held in the cities of Montreal, Saint John, St. John's, and Toronto between 12 July and 25 July 1987. Players born after 1 August 1970 could participate in this tournament.

Leezdorf

Leezdorf is a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Brookmerland

Brookmerland is a "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is southeast of Norden. Its seat is in the village Marienhafe.

The "Samtgemeinde" Brookmerland has the following municipalities:


Game Shakers

Game Shakers is an Canadian television series created by Dan Schneider that aired on Nickelodeon from September 12, 2015 to June 8, 2019. The series stars Cree Cicchino, Madisyn Shipman, Benjamin "Lil' P-Nut" Flores, Jr., Thomas Kuc, and Kel Mitchell.The series was directed by Dan Schneider and Edgar Agayi. 
The series premiered on TVOKids Télémagino and Knowledge Network in Canada on October 6, 2015,and debuted on Nickelodeon channels in the United Kingdom and Ireland on November 2, 2015, and in Australia and New Zealand on February 8, 2016. 

Lütetsburg

Lütetsburg (East Frisian Low Saxon: "Lütsbörg") is a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Marienhafe

Marienhafe is a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Norden, Lower Saxony

Norden (East Frisian Low Saxon: "Nörden") is a town in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is on the North Sea shore, in East Frisia.

Norden has the town itself and ten official subdistricts. In addition to the old town centre, the main town includes the previous municipality of Sandbauerschaft and the subdistricts Ekel, Lintel and Westgaste. They are divided into many quarters and residential areas such as Neustadt, Westlintel, Ostlintel, Ekelergaste, In der Wirde, Vierzig Diemat, Martensdorf, or "millionaire quarter". They have in common that they do not have any administrative function, but are places referred to in everyday local language.

The other subdistricts are Bargebur, Leybuchtpolder, Norddeich, Westermarsch I, Westermarsch II, Southderneuland I, Southderneuland II and Tidofeld.

The main town and the villages of Bargebur, Norddeich, Süderneneuland I and Süderneuland II, as well as parts of Westermarsch II, have largely grown together, and with the exception of Norddeich and Westermarsch II, form extensive residential and commercial areas in the south and east of the borough. About 92.5% of the total urban population live in this "metropolitan area". The remaining subdistricts continue to be very rural and mostly barely populated, but they occupy by far the largest share of the total area of the borough.


Josef Ressel

Joseph Ludwig Franz Ressel (; June 29, 1793 – October 9, 1857) was a forester and inventor of Czech-German descent, who designed one of the first working ship's propellers.

Specials (Unicode block)

Specials is a short Unicode block of characters put at the very end of the Basic Multilingual Plane, at U+FFF0–FFFF. Of these 16 code points, five have been used since Unicode 3.0:

FFFE and FFFF are not unused in the usual way, but guaranteed not to be Unicode characters at all. They can be used to guess a text's scheme, since any text using these is not a correctly encoded Unicode text. Unicode's character can be put at the start of a Unicode text to signal its endianness: a program reading such a text and finding 0xFFFE would then know that it should switch the byte order for all the following characters.

Its block name in Unicode 1.0 was Special.

The replacement character (�) (often displayed as a black rhombus with a white question mark) is a symbol found in the Unicode standard at code point U+FFFD in the "Specials" table. It is used for problems when something is unable to render a stream of data to a correct symbol. It is usually seen when the data is not valid and does not match any character:

Consider a text file containing the German word (meaning 'for') in the ISO-8859-1 encoding (codice_1). This file is now opened with a text editor that thinks that the input is UTF-8. The first and last byte are valid UTF-8 encodings of ASCII, but the middle byte (codice_2) is not a valid byte in UTF-8. So, a text editor could replace this byte with the replacement character symbol to make a valid string of Unicode code points. The whole string now looks like this: "f�r".

A poorly made text editor might save the replacement character in UTF-8, and the text file data will then look like this: codice_3, which will be displayed in ISO-8859-1 as "fï¿½r" (this is called mojibake). Since the replacement is the same for all errors this makes it impossible to get the first character. A better (but harder to make) way is to keep the original bytes, including the error, and only convert to the replacement when "displaying" the text. This will allow the text editor to save the original byte sequence, while still showing the error to the user.

At one time the replacement character was used a lot when there was no glyph that can be used in a font for that character. However, most new text rendering systems instead use a font's character, which most times is an empty box (or "?" or "X" in a box), sometimes called a "tofu" (this browser displays 􏿾). There is no Unicode point for this symbol.

So, the replacement character is now only seen for encoding errors, such as invalid UTF-8. Some software tries to hide this by translating the bytes of invalid UTF-8 to matching characters in Windows-1252 (since that is the most likely source of these errors), so that the replacement character is never seen.

The following Unicode-related documents record the purpose and process of defining specific characters in the Specials block:


Bargebur

Bargebur is an urban quarter in the east of the borough of Norden, northwestern Germany.

Ekel (Norden)

Ekel is the eastern part of the town centre of Norden.


Jon Cozart

Jonathan Charles Cozart (born April 26, 1992), also known as Paint, is an American YouTube personality, musician, and comedian. As of February 2022, his main YouTube channel had 4.7 million subscribers.

Cozart was born in Little Rock, Arkansas. He was raised in Houston, Texas from the age of six. After graduating from Cypress Creek High School in 2011, he moved to Austin, Texas and studied film at University of Texas. Cozart learned to play the piano as a child.

Cozart is bisexual. He announced this in June 2017. In late January 2022, he announced on Instagram that he has been dating Sarah Sharpe since early 2021.

His YouTube channel "Paint" was given to him by his brother. It was created on December 27, 2005,and has over 4.7 million subscribers . Cozart's career started in middle school. It was a way to not have to write papers, He offered to make videos instead. Cozrt did this through high school.

On July 17, 2011, Cozart uploaded "Harry Potter in 99 Seconds". It became a viral video, with 59 million views .

Cozart grew his number of viewer on YouTube with his Disney parody videos. Thses out Disney Princesses into modern circumstances, They hada cappella layering of his own voice to supply the music. "After Ever After" was uploaded in 2013. It had 93 million views . "After Ever After 2" was released in 2014 and "After Ever After 3" was released in 2018. He then went on hiatus after November of that year. He returned in October 2020 with "If Trump Was In Hamilton."

Cameron Muncey

Cameron Thane Muncey (born 8 February 1980) is an Australian guitarist and vocalist. he is the most important lead guitarist and one of the songwriters of Melbourne-based rock band Jet which formed in 2001

Leybuchtpolder

Leybuchtpolder is part of the borough of Norden in East Frisia on Germany's North Sea coast and was an independent municipality until 1972.

Tidofeld

Tidofeld has been an autonomous part of the East Frisian borough of Norden since 1996 and has about 1,000 residents (as at 12/2016)), spread over an area of just 0.47 km². Its built-up area is completely connected with the town itself. Until 1952, Tidofeld was part of the municipality of Lütetsburg.

Omatako Constituency

Omatako Constituency is a constituency in the Otjozondjupa Region of Namibia. It 11,998 people living there. There are small settlements in the constituency, including Kalkfeld, Hochfeld and Ovitoto, as well as the Osire refugee camp and the Osona military base.

In 2015, Omatako became one of the few constituency without a SWAPO councillor. Israel Hukuva of the National Unity Democratic Organisation won with 1,187 votes, beating SWAPO's candidate Susana Mutjitua Hikopua, who gained 1,144 votes, followed by Helga Tjipe of the Democratic Turnhalle Alliance who gained 156 votes.

Magnetic ink

Magnetic ink allows a computer to read characters even if they have been covered with signatures, cancellation marks, bank stamps, or other marks. MICR lines help facilitate automatic check-clearing when banks send their checks to central processing systems at the end of the day.

A ferrofluid is used in the manufacturing of the magnetic ink. A ferrofluid consists of colloidal particles (nanoscale) composed of iron(II) and iron(III) compounds such as FeCl2 and FeCl3. A ferrofluid is attracted by a magnetic field but does not become permanently magnetized.

Marie-Simone Jaudin

Marie-Simone Jaudin (born 29 January 1945) is a French former track and road cyclist. 

She competed at the 1967 UCI Road World Championships, 1969 UCI Road World Championships and 1970 UCI Road World Championships. At the track she won five silver and two bronze medals at the French National Track Championships in the individual pursuit and sprint event.

Alie Zijlmans

Alie Coumans-Zijlmans (born 24 March 1948) is a Dutch cyclist.

She competed at the 1965 Netherlands Championship Road Race, finishing third. 1964 Gorinchem road race, finishing first, and 1965 Papendal road race finishing first.

Enedilma Poveda

Enedilma Poveda Silva (born 9 December 1968) is a Cuban track and road cyclist. She won the bronze medal at the 1987 Pan American Games in the 3000 m Individual Pursuit event, and was the first Cuban cyclist ever to win a medal at the Pan American Games.

Annie Barjou

Annie Barjou (born Annie Hérault 23 June 1946 - 8 August 2020) was a French road cyclist. She competed at the 1978 UCI Road World Championships and 1979 UCI Road World Championships.

Barjou died on 8 August 2020.

Katrin Tobin

Katrin Tobin (born 1961 or 1962) is an American road cyclist from Palo Alto, California. She was 1986 US National Road Champion. She was a member of the American national team. 

She competed at the 1987 World Championships Road Race, 1988 UCI Road World Championships, in the women's road race event. She became United States National Road Race Champion in 1986, won the 1988 Women's Challenge, and stage 4 of the 1989 Tour de France féminin. She was an alternate for the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Tobin stayed active and competed in triathlons.

Tobin is the ex-wife of Olympic cyclist Andy Paulin who she met when she was a member of the American national team.


Oxford County, Ontario

Oxford County is a county in the province of Ontario. It has a land area of 2,036.61 km² and a population of 110,862. The economy of Oxford County is mainly manufacturing, dairy, and agriculture. The lower-tier municipalites of Oxford are, ordered from greatest to least population, Woodstock, Tillsonburg, Ingersoll, Norwich, Zorra, South-West Oxford, Blandford-Blenheim, and East Zorra-Tavistock.

Aziz Abduhakimov

Aziz Abdukhakimov (; ; born 17, June, 1974) is an Uzbek Deputy Prime Minister of the Republic of Uzbekistan, Minister of Tourism and Sports.

Aziz Abdukaharovich Abdukhakimov was born on June 17, 1974 in the city of Tashkent. He graduated from Tashkent State Economic University. He also graduated from the Hitotsubashi University with a master's degree. His profession was economics.



Homestead, Pennsylvania

Homestead is a borough in Allegheny County, Pennsylvania, United States. It is near the Monongahela River valley. It is southeast of downtown Pittsburgh. The population of Homestead was 2,884 at the 2020 census.

Amy Gutmann

Amy Gutmann (born 1949) is an American political scientist, academic and politician. She is the United States Ambassador to Germany since 2022. She was the eighth president of the University of Pennsylvania from 2004 until 2022.

On July 2, 2021, President Joe Biden nominated her to serve as the United States Ambassador to Germany. On February 8, 2022, the United States Senate confirmed her nomination by a 54-42 vote.

Bill Lienhard

William Barner Lienhard (January 14, 1930 – February 8, 2022) was an American basketball player. He competed in the 1952 Summer Olympics, winning a gold medal. Lienhard was born in Slaton, Texas. 

Lienhard died on February 8, 2022, at the age of 92.

Slaton, Texas

Slaton is a city in Lubbock County, Texas, United States. Slaton was the westernmost German settlement in Texas. The population was 5,858 at the 2020 census.

Chen Shih-yung

Chen Shih-yung (; 12 September 1948 – 7 February 2022) was a Taiwanese politician. He was a member of the People First Party. He was in the County Magistrate of Chiayi from 1989 to 1993. 

Chen died in Chiayi County on 7 February 2022 at the age 73.

Corina Casanova

Corina Casanova (born 4 January 1956) is a Swiss politician who was the Federal Chancellor of Switzerland between 2008 and 2015.

Born in Ilanz, Graubünden, Casanova worked as a lawyer in the practice of the former President of the Swiss Federal Supreme Court, Giusep Nay, as well as a Red Cross delegate in South Africa, Angola, Nicaragua and El Salvador. She was also a federal parliamentary official and advisor to Federal Councillors Flavio Cotti and Joseph Deiss, both of the Christian Democratic People's Party.

Frank Pietrzok

Frank Pietrzok (20 June 1964 – 3 February 2022) was a German politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. He was in the Bürgerschaft of Bremen from 1999 to 2005. He was born in Xanten, West Germany.

Pietrzok died in a paragliding accident in La Unión, Colombia on 3 February 2022 at the age of 57.

Hélio Rosas

Hélio César Rosas (24 March 1929 – 8 February 2022) was a Brazilian politician. He was a member of the Brazilian Democratic Movement. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1987 to 1999. 

Rosas died on 8 February 2022, at the age of 92.

Abune Antonios

Abune Antonios (Tigrinya/Geez: ኣቡነ ኣንጦንዮስ) (12 July 1927 – 9 February 2022) was an Eritrean Christian prelate. He was the third Patriarch of the Eritrean Orthodox Tewahedo Church from 2004 until 2006. He was illegally removed from the church by the Eritrean government in 2006, and was placed under house arrest.

He died in Asmara, Eritrea on 9 February 2022, at the age of 92.

Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5

Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 5 is a 2015 skateboarding video game developed by Robomodo and Disruptive Games and also published by Activision. The tenth main installment in the "Tony Hawk's" series, in the first new title in the main series since "Proving Ground", and the first main "Pro Skater" series since "Pro Skater 4", as the final series had beed pull on hold following a lack of critical and the commercials success with later games.

To date, it is a most recent original console title in the series, and the final major consoles entry as a whole until "Tony Hawk's Pro Skater 1 + 2", a remake of the first two games, and it was released on 2020.

There are easter eggs in the game. Rapper Lil Wayne serves as celebrity skaters for the entry, while fellow rapper Tyler, the Creator and cartoon series Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles were added with a post-release patch.

Jeremy Giambi

Jeremy Dean Giambi (; September 30, 1974 – February 9, 2022) was an American professional baseball outfielder and first baseman. He played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Kansas City Royals, Oakland Athletics, Philadelphia Phillies, and Boston Red Sox, from 1998 through 2003. 

Giambi also played in Minor League Baseball (MiLB) in the Los Angeles Dodgers and Chicago White Sox organizations. He was the younger brother of former MLB player Jason Giambi. He was born in San Jose, California.

Giambi died on February 9, 2022 in Claremont, California at the age of 47. The next day, the Los Angeles County Medical Examiner announced that Giambi died after shooting himself in the chest.

Javier Gonzales

Javier Gonzales (1966 – February 9, 2022) was an American Democratic politician. He was the 42nd Mayor of Santa Fe, New Mexico from 2014 to 2018. Gonzales was the city's first and only openly gay mayor. He was chair of the Democratic Party of New Mexico from 2009 until 2013.

Gonzales died from cancer at a hospital in Santa Fe on February 9, 2022, at the age of 55.

Alan Webber

Alan M. Webber (born September 18, 1948) is an American businessman, author, publisher, and politician. He is the 43rd mayor of Santa Fe, New Mexico, since 2018. 

He ran unsuccessfully for Governor of New Mexico as a member of the Democratic Party during the 2014 primary elections. Webber founded the technology business magazine, "Fast Company" in 1995.

Larry Delgado

Larry Delgado (born 1936) is an American politician. He was the mayor of Santa Fe, New Mexico from 1998 to 2006. 

He was elected mayor of Santa Fe in 1998 after defeating mayor Debbie Jaramillo and former mayor Sam Pick. Delgado served two full terms as mayor, leaving office in 2006.

Sam Pick

Samuel W. Pick (born 1936) is an American businessman and politician. He was the mayor of Santa Fe, New Mexico from 1976 to 1978 and again from 1986 to 1994.

Alicia Hermida

Alicia Hermida (born Alicia Pérez Herranz; 26 September 1932 – 9 February 2022) was a Spanish actress. Her career began in 1947 and she retired in 2014. Hermida was born in Madrid, Spain. Her best known roles were in "Maribel and the Strange Family", "Black Humor" and "El bosque animado".

Hermida died on 9 February 2022 in Villanueva de la Cañada, Spain at the age of 89.

Villanueva de la Cañada

Villanueva de la Cañada is a municipality in the Community of Madrid, Spain. It is about 30 km north-west from Madrid.

Nora Nova

Ahinora Kumanova (8 May 1928 – 9 February 2022), better known by the stage name of Nora Nova, was a Bulgarian-German singer. She was the first Bulgarian to participate in the Eurovision Song Contest in 1964, although she then represented West Germany. Her song, "Man gewöhnt sich so schnell an das Schöne" was reportedly has the longest name in Eurovision Song Contest history.

Nova died on 9 February 2022, at the age of 93.

Super Muñeco

Super Muñeco ("Super Doll") (10 April 1962 – 9 February 2022) was a Mexican "Luchador enmascarado", or masked professional wrestler. Super Muñeco is Spanish for "Super Toy". Super Muñeco was best known for having the second highest number of "Luchas de Apuestas". His real name was unknown. 

He died in Mexico City on 9 February 2022, at the age of 59.

Jacques Calonne

Jacques Calonne (10 August 1930 – 7 February 2022) was a Belgian artist, composer, singer, actor, logogramist, and writer. He was born in Mons, Belgium. In 1995 he played the rôle of the Representative of the Ministry of Culture in the 1996 movie "Camping Cosmos".

Calonne died on 7 February 2022 at his home in Brussels, Belgium at the age of 91.

Voiced alveolar nasal

The voiced alveolar nasal is a type of consonant. Nearly all languages contain this sound. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨n⟩. The English language has this sound, and it is the sound represented by "n" in "near" and "number".


Jan Magiera

Jan Magiera (30 September 1938 – 9 February 2022) was a Polish cyclist. He competed at the 1964 Summer Olympics and the 1968 Summer Olympics. Magiera was born in Jelna, Poland.

Magiera died in Mostki, Poland on 9 February 2022, at the age of 83.

Olsen Filipaina

Olsen Orekewa Filipaina (23 April 1957 – 10 February 2022) was a professional rugby league footballer. He represented both New Zealand and Western Samoa. He played for New Zealand from 1977 until 1986. He was born in Kaikohe, New Zealand.

During the 1980s, Filipaina played club competition in Australia for three Sydney-based clubs. He played for the Balmain Tigers, Eastern Suburbs and North Sydney Bears. After his playing career ended, he continued to live in Sydney.

Filipaina died on 10 February 2022 in Westmead, Sydney, from kidney failure. He was 64.

Joint European Torus

The Joint European Torus, or JET, is a working magnetically confined plasma physics experiment. It is at Culham Centre for Fusion Energy in Oxfordshire, United Kingdom.

Between 2009 and 2011, JET was shut down to rebuild many of its parts. On 21 December 2021, JET produced 59 megajoules during a five-second pulse, beating its last 1997 record of 21.7 megajoules.

Azerbaijan at the Paralympics

Azerbaijan first participated in the Paralympic Games at the 1996 Summer Paralympics in Atlanta, with a two-man team to compete in track and field and powerlifting. It has taken part in every Summer Paralympics since then, but has never participated in the Winter Paralympics.


Boones Creek, Tennessee

Boones Creek is an unincorporated community and neighborhood of Johnson City, in north Washington County, Tennessee. Almost all of Boones Creek has been annexed by Johnson City and has become a neighborhood of Johnson City. Much of it has the postal addresses of Gray, Tennessee. It follows Boone's Creek and other tributaries of Boone Lake. It is a part of the Tri-Cities area.

The community was the first permanent European settlement in Tennessee. It was named for the creek that runs through it. The creek is named for pioneer Daniel Boone.

In the center of Boones Creek is a historic marker that tells the origins of the community's name. Daniel Boone was a frontiersman and hunted over large areas of the early frontier lands. On one of these hunting trips, he was chased by the local Indians. He hid under a waterfall on Boones Creek, now called Boone Falls, from Indians to avoid their displeasure at him hunting on their lands. There was also a historic tree nearby. A beech tree once stood with "D Boon cilled a bar on tree in the year 1760" etched on it. This tree was featured in the film "Sergeant York" when Alvin York (WWI hero) was trying to earn money by hunting and selling pelts. A large piece of the tree is now in the Boones Creek Historical Trust Museum and Opry.

Madison Reyes

Madison Reyes (born June 25,2004) is an American actress. She is known for playing the role of Julie Molina in the Netflix show Julie and the Phantoms.

DZOZ-DTV

DZOZ-DTV (channel 33) is a television station in Metro Manila, Philippines, serving as the flagship of the Light TV network. It is owned and operated by ZOE Broadcasting Network alongside A2Z flagship DZOE-TV (channel 11) (which is operated by ABS-CBN Corporation under a blocktime agreement). Both stations share studios at the 22nd floor, Strata 2000 Bldg., F. Ortigas Jr. Road (formerly Emerald Avenue), Ortigas Center, Pasig, while DZOZ-DTV's transmitter is located at Crestview Heights Subdivision, Barangay San Roque, Antipolo, Rizal.

DZOZ-TV studios are located at Strata 2000 Bldg., F. Ortigas Jr. Road, Ortigas Center, Pasig. Its transmitter is located at ZOE Compound Center, Crestview Heights Subdivision, Barangay San Roque, Antipolo, Rizal. Light TV Channel 33 operates Mondays thru Fridays 5:00 AM to 12:00 MN and Saturdays and Sundays 5:30 AM to 12:00 MN.

DZOZ-TV operates on UHF Channel 33 (587.143 MHz), and is multiplexed into the following subchannels:



A2Z (Philippine TV channel)

A2Z, is a Philippine television network. It is the flagship network of ZOE Broadcasting Network in partnership with ABS-CBN Corporation through a blocktime agreement. A2Z's flagship television station is DZOE-TV. The network's name comes from the name of the two parent companies, ABS-CBN and ZOE.

The channel's programming are divided into various programming blocks:


Bokermannohyla alvarengai

The Santa Barbara tree frog or Alvarenga's tree frog ("Bokermannohyla alvarengai") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in the Serra do Espinhaço mountains.

With most frogs, the adult female is larger than the adult male. But with these frogs, the male frog is larger than the female frog. The male frogs also have larger, stronger front legs and larger spines. Scientists say that when male frogs are larger than female frogs, it is because the male frogs fight each other. Male Santa Barbara tree frogs sometimes have scars on their skin that could be from fighting each other. But few teams of scientists have watched and written science papers about Santa Barbara tree frogs. They do not know for sure if this is why the male frogs are larger.

DZOE-TV

DZOE-TV (channel 11) is a television station in Metro Manila, Philippines, serving as the flagship of the A2Z network. It is owned by ZOE Broadcasting Network (alongside Light TV flagship DZOZ-DTV channel 33) and operated by ABS-CBN Corporation under a blocktime agreement. The station maintains studios at the ABS-CBN Broadcasting Center, Sgt. Esguerra Ave. corner Mo. Ignacia St., Diliman, Quezon City and 22nd floor, Strata 2000 Bldg., F. Ortigas Jr. Road (formerly Emerald Avenue), Ortigas Center, Pasig, while its hybrid analog and digital transmitting facility is located at Crestview Heights Subdivision, Brgy. San Roque, Antipolo, Rizal.

They have partnership with ABS-CBN Corporation through a blocktime agreement. It was bought from Delta Broadcasting System in the mid-1990s. 
The station's studio is located at the ABS-CBN Broadcasting Center, Sgt. Esguerra Ave., corner Mo. Ignacia Ave., Diliman, Quezon City, and 22nd floor, Strata 2000 Bldg., F. Ortigas Jr. Road (formerly Emerald Avenue), Ortigas Center, Pasig. Their analog and digital transmitter are located at ZOE Compound Center, Crestview Heights Subdivision, Brgy. San Roque, Antipolo, Rizal. DZOE-TV operates from Mondays to Fridays at 5:00a.m. to 12:15a.m., Weekend at 6:00a.m. to 11:30p.m.

UHF Channel 20 (509.143 MHz)




Fox Cable Networks

Fox Cable Networks is an American entertainment industry company that operates through four segments, mainly filmed entertainment, television stations, television broadcast networks, and cable network programming. The company is wholly owned and controlled by the American media conglomerate 21st Century Fox, which is chaired and part owned by the Australian-American Rupert Murdoch, since the company acquired all the stock of Fox. The company was launched in 1996.

Neuwesteel

Neuwesteel is part of the borough of Norden in East Frisia in Lower Saxony. It is the third most recent quarter after Tidofeld and Leybuchtpolder, because it was only founded on 11 July 1934.

Norddeich (Norden)

Norddeich (Low Saxon: "Nörddiek") is a village in the borough of Norden in north Germany with 1,540 residents (2011). It is in northwestern East Frisia, Lower Saxony on the North Sea coast.


Westermarsch I

Westermarsch I was an independent municipality in Lower Saxony until the municipal reform of 1972 and, as such, a member of the collective municipality ("Samtgemeinde") of Leybucht. Today Westermarsch I is a part of the East Frisian borough of Norden with about 450 residents (as at 12/2016), spread over an area of 19.42 km².

Westermarsch I is bordered to the east by the town of Norden and to the north by Westermarsch II. The North Sea coast forms its natural boundary in the west and the watercourse of the Norder Tief as well as the Norden subdivision of Neuwesteel to the south.

The "Landesstraße" 27 connects Westermarsch I with the town of Norden and sea port of Greetsiel. "Kreisstraße" 214 runs from Westermarsch I to Norddeich.


Westermarsch II

Westermarsch II was an independent municipality until the 1972 territorial reform in Lower Saxony and, as such, a member of the collective municipality ("Samtgemeinde") of Leybucht in Lower Saxony. Today Westermarsch II is a village in the East Frisian borough of Norden with about 500 residents (as at 12/2016). The village parish covers an area of 11.69 km².

Osteel

Osteel is a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Rechtsupweg

Rechtsupweg is a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Südbrookmerland

Südbrookmerland is a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is about 7 km west of Aurich. Its seat is in the village Victorbur.

Upgant-Schott

Upgant-Schott is a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Wiesmoor

Wiesmoor is a town in Aurich in the northwest of Lower Saxony.

Wiesmoor is about 30 km inland from the North Sea in the North West of Germany in the centre of the historic district East Frisia. The city of Wiesmoor and its surroundings have a population of between 35,000 and 40,000 people.

The most South-Easterly community in the Landkreis of Aurich Wiesmoor is centrally within the East Frisian peninsula. The city is in the district Aurich. In the East, the city borders with the Friedeburg in Wittmund, in the south with Uplengen in Leer. West of Wiesmoor is the village of Großefehn is and to the North of that the city of Aurich, both in the district of Aurich.

The closest large cities to Wiesmoor are Wilhelmshaven (30 km to the North East), Oldenburg (45 km to the South East), Bremen (80 km to the South East) as well as the Dutch city of Groningen (80 km to the South West).

Stadion Birkenwiese

The Stadion Birkenwiese is a football stadium in Dornbirn in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is the home ground of FC Dornbirn 1913. They play in the Second League.

The area of the municipal sports field Birkenwiese was built in 1935. A settlement was built in the neighborhood that same year. After promotion of FC Dornbirn to the 2nd league 2010, the city council decided to make it suitable for the Bundesliga, especially with floodlight.

You can also find a so called "Fun-Court" with two beach volleyball courts, a small football pitch and an artificial grass pitch.

National Council (Slovakia)

The National Council of the Slovak Republic () is the national parliament of Slovakia. It is unicameral and made up of 150 members. They are elected every four years.

André Wilms

André Wilms (29 April 1947 – 9 February 2022) was a French actor and comedian. He was known for his role in "La Vie de Bohème". Her career began in 1970.

Wilms died on 9 February 2022 in Paris at the age of 74.

Herb Bergson

Herbert William "Herb" Bergson (September 16, 1956 – February 10, 2022) was an American Minnesota Democratic–Farmer–Labor Party ​politician. He was the Mayor of Duluth, Minnesota from 2004 until 2008. He also was the Mayor of Superior, Wisconsin from 1987 until 1995. Bergson was the only person to have served as mayor in both cities.

Bergson died on February 10, 2022 from cancer-related surgery in Duluth at the age of 65.

Stefan Żywotko

Stefan Żywotko (9 January 1920 – 10 February 2022) was a Polish association football coach. He spent his entire coaching career in Poland and Algeria. He was born in Lwów, Poland. Żywotko began his career in 1956 and he retired in 1991. 

Żywotko turned 100 in January 2020, and died on 10 February 2022, at the age of 102.

Ingvar Oldsberg

Ingvar Oldsberg (31 March 194510 February 2022) was a Swedish television presenter and sports reporter. He was best known for hosting "På spåret" between 1987 and 2009. He was also the host of "Bingolotto", starting in 2014. Oldsberg was born in Mölnlycke, Sweden.

Oldsberg died on 10 February 2022, at the age of 76.


Nikolai Manoshin

Nikolai Alekseyevich Manoshin (; 6 March 1938 – 10 February 2022) was a Soviet footballer and coach. Manoshin was born in Moscow, Russia. He played for the Soviet Union national team eight times between 1960 and 1961. He also played for FC Torpedo Moscow and PFC CSKA Moscow. Manoshin began his career in 1956 and he retired in 1991.

Manoshin died on 10 February 2022 in Moscow, aged 83.

Eduard Kukan

Eduard Kukan (26 December 1939 – 10 February 2022) was a Slovakian politician. He was Minister of Foreign Affairs from 1998 to 2006. He was a candidate for President of Slovakia in the 2004 presidential election. Kukan was born in Trnovec nad Váhom, then-Hungary.

Kukan was elected Member of the European Parliament (MEP) in 2009, a position he held until 2019. Kukan was also a member of the National Council from 1994 until 1998 and again from 2006 until 2009. From 1990 until 1993, Kukan was the Ambassador to the United Nations.

Kukan died on 10 February 2022 in Bratislava, Slovakia from a heart attack, aged 82.

Kingdom of Hungary (1920–1946)

The Kingdom of Hungary (), sometimes known as the Regency or the Horthy era, existed as a country from 1920 to 1946 under the rule of Regent Miklós Horthy.

Spotted salamander

The spotted salamander (Ambystoma maculatum) is a mole salamander found in parts of USA and Canada.

The spotted salamander is around 20cm long, black with yellow spots. Most of their life they live underground and only come out for breeding or after rainy weather. In the winter they brumate and don't come out of dormancy until around April, when they mate. Spotted salamanders together with other types of salamanders can regenerate body parts like legs, tail and other organs although it takes a lot of energy.

Their egg masses are jelly and are polymorphic, since some of their egg masses are transparent while some are white.

Rosmarie Kurz

Rosmarie Kurz (born 27 April 1940) is a Swiss cross-country skier, and road cyclist. Kurz was an endurance athlete, and won the Engadin Skimarathon six times in a row between 1972 and 1977. As a cyclist she competed at the 1981 UCI Road World Championships and 1982 UCI Road World Championships.

She played for TC Rot-Weiss Winterthur, in tennis.

Yang Zi

Yang Zi (, born 6 November 1992), also known as Andy Yang, is a Chinese actress and singer. She graduated from the Performing Arts School of Beijing Film Academy (BFA) in 2014. She is regarded as one of the Four Dan Actresses of the post-90s Generation (90后四小花旦).

YangZi was born as Yang Niao () on 6 November 1992 in Fangshan district, Beijing, China. Her father Yang Yunfei was a firefighter and mother Ma Haiyan was a housewife. From an early age, she had a passion for acting and first starred in "Ru Ci Chu Shan" at the age of 6.

YangZi studied at Beijing Xingcheng Primary School in Fangshan District and Beijing No. 55 High School in Dongcheng District. In 2010, she was admitted to Beijing Film Academy.

In 1999, YangZi made her acting debut, playing Zhou Qiong in "Ru Ci Chu Shan".
In 2002, YangZi had a minor role as little Consort Donggo in "Xiaozhuang Epic". In 2004, she made her big-screen debut in the film "Girl's Diary" for which she received a Best Child Actor nomination at the 12th Tongniu Film Award. In 2005, Yang rose to prominence for playing Xia Xue in the Chinese sitcom "Home with Kids". The series reached number one in ratings when it aired in China, and won the Outstanding Television Series (for children) award at the Flying Apsaras Awards and the Golden Eagle Awards.

In 2006, she reprised her role as Xia Xue in the sequel "Home with Kids 2", though not in the subsequent installments. In 2008, YangZi released her first solo album titled "Home with Snow", which is named after her character's name in "Home with Kids". In 2009, Yang played her first leading role in the youth romance drama "Girl Rushes Forward".
In February 2011, YangZi starred in the family drama "Love Comes Knocking on the Door", based on the novel "Stepmother" by Geling Yan. Her role as a rebellious teenager allowed her to successfully shed her image of a "child star". In May 2012, YangZi starred in the medical drama "Angel Heart", portraying a kindhearted nurse. In August, she starred in the horror mystery thriller film "Insisrence", and won the Best Newcomer Award at the 14th Golden Phoenix Awards. In 2013, YangZi starred in the romance drama "Flowers in Fog", written by acclaimed Taiwanese writer Chiung Yao. The same year, she played the lead role in the period comedy drama "King Rouge".

In March 2014, YangZi starred in her first war drama "Battle of Changsha", directed by Magnolia Award-winner Kong Sheng. The series was a critical success and was voted Best Drama of 2014 in major streaming website Douban after being broadcast on CCTV-8 beginning mid-July 2014. In 2015, YangZi starred in period drama "Yangko Dance", which received positive reviews and topped television ratings. The same year, she co-starred in the horror mystery web series "The Ferryman".

In 2016, she starred in the metropolitan romance drama "Ode to Joy", which depicts the stories of five young women who comes from different social and educational backgrounds, but share a common goal. The series received critical acclaim and commercial success, and YangZi gained widespread recognition for her portrayal of Qiu Yingying, a simple-minded girl from a small town. YangZi was nominated for the Best Actress award at the China TV Golden Eagle Award for her performance. She then portrayed Lu Xueqi, one of the two female protagonists in Noble Aspirations, the television series adaption of the Xianxia novel "Zhu Xian". The drama was a commercial success and accumulated 23 billion views online, the highest record held by a Chinese drama at that time. YangZi gained wider popularity as a result and was nominated at the 22nd Huading Awards as Best Actress in the ancient drama category for her performance. The same year, she co-starred in "Crying Out in Love", a film based on the romance novel "Socrates in Love" by Japanese novelist Kyoichi Katayama. In 2017, YangZi reprised her role as Qiu Yingying in the second installment of "Ode to Joy" and starred in the historical romance comedy drama "Legend of Dragon Pearl".

In 2018, she starred in "The Destiny of White Snake", a fantasy romance drama based on the renowned Chinese folktale. Yang's portrayal of the innocent and naive snake spirit; as well as her voice-dub for the character, received positive reviews. The same year, YangZi starred in the fantasy romance drama "Ashes of Love", playing an innocent and lively fairy maiden. The series was a commercial success, topping both television and web ratings; and received positive reviews. YangZi received acclaim for her acting and experienced a new high in popularity. "Forbes China" listed YangZi under their 30 Under 30 Asia 2017 list which consisted of 30 influential people under 30 years old who have had a substantial effect in their fields.

In 2019, YangZi starred in the romantic comedy drama "Go Go Squid!", playing a talented computer major who is also a popular online singer. The drama topped television ratings and had been streamed more than 9.6 billion times in its timeslot and was praised for its transmitting positive and uplifting messages such as the pursuit of dreams as well as patriotism. The success of "Go Go Squid" reaffirmed YangZi's popularity. Then YangZi featured in the disaster film "The Bravest" as the wife of a firefighter, and won the Most Popular Supporting Actress award at the 16th Guangzhou Student Film Festival. The same year, he starred in the crime suspense film "Bodies at Rest" playing a forensics scientist. She then starred in the romance environmental protection drama "My Mowgli Boy" where she played a marketing executive.
In 2020, she featured in nationalistic film "My People, My Homeland". Then she starred in "Hear Her", the first monologue series in China about women's rights. "Hear Her" is based on the format of BBC Studio's short-film series "Snatches: Moments from Women's Lives". YangZi has appeared on the "Forbes Asia" 100 Digital Star list, comprising 100 artists from across the Asia-Pacific region who have been able to stay active, raise awareness and inspire optimism despite the cancellation of physical events during the COVID-19 pandemic.

In 2021, YangZi played a guest role in "Go Go Squid 2 Dt.Appledog's Time", the sequel to her hit drama "Go Go Squid!". On July 1, Yang participated in the "Great Journey", a large-scale epic theatrical performance to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China and performed in the inaugural skit titled "Breaking Dawn" along with several other artists. She then starred in the urban drama "Psychologist", the television series adaption of Bi Shumin's 2007 novel "Female Psychologist".

Fabio Duque Jaramillo

Fabio Duque Jaramillo (12 May 1950 – 9 February 2022) was a Colombian Roman Catholic prelate. He became a priest in 1975. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Armenia, Colombia, from 2004 to 2012 and was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Garzón, Colombia, from 2021 until his death in 2022.

Duque Jaramillo died on 9 February 2022 from problems caused by an infection in Medellín, Colombia at the age of 71.

Chabris

Chabris () is a commune in the Indre department in central France.

William Shockley

William Bradford Shockley Jr. (February 13, 1910 – August 12, 1989) was an American physicist and inventor. He was the manager of a research group at Bell Labs. He won the 1956 Nobel Prize in Physics.

While a professor of electrical engineering at Stanford University, Shockley became a supporter of eugenics. He is known as a controversial Nobel winner.

Shockley died of prostate cancer on August 12 1989 at the age of 79. He did not have a good relationship with his family when he died. His children learned of his death by reading his obituary in the newspaper. 

Arthur Jensen

Arthur Robert Jensen (August 24, 1923 – October 22, 2012) was an American psychologist and writer. He was a professor of educational psychology at the University of California, Berkeley. Jensen was known for his work in psychometrics and differential psychology. He was the author of over 400 scientific papers published in refereed journals. He sat on the editorial boards of the scientific journals "Intelligence" and "Personality and Individual Differences".

Jensen was controversial. He said that race affected IQ. A 2019 study found him to be the most controversial intelligence researcher.

Jensen died on October 22, 2012 at his home in Kelseyville, California at age 89.

Christine Goodfellow

Christine Goodfellow (8 November 1938 - 13 July 1985) was a British track and road cyclist. At the British National Road Race Championships she won the silver medal in 1966 and bronze medals in 1973 and 1974. At the British National Time Trial Championships she won the silver medal in 1972.

Goodfellow died on 13 July 1985.

A time trial race was named after her.


Kelseyville, California

Kelseyville is a census-designated place (CDP) in Lake County, California, United States. Kelseyville is located southeast of Lakeport. The population was 3,382 at the 2020 census.

Clear Lake (California)

Clear Lake is a natural freshwater lake in Lake County in the U.S. state of California, north of Napa County and San Francisco. It is the largest natural freshwater lake wholly within the state, with of surface area. 

It is 2.5 million years old, making it the oldest lake in North America.

Nina Trofimova

Nina Petrovna Trofimova (Нина Петровна Трофимова; born 1944) is a former Soviet track and road cyclist. 

She competed at the eight UCI Road World Championships between 1966 and 1973 and won the bronze medal in the 1969 women's road race event. 

She became both on the road as on the track multiple times medalist at Soviet national championships.

PPAP (Pen-Pineapple-Apple-Pen)

Robert Gallo

Robert Charles Gallo (; born March 23, 1937) is an American biomedical researcher. He is best known for his role in the discovery of the human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) as the infectious agent responsible for acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS). He also helped create the HIV blood test.

Gallo is the director and co-founder of the Institute of Human Virology (IHV) at the University of Maryland School of Medicine in Baltimore, Maryland.

In November 2011, Gallo was named the first Homer & Martha Gudelsky Distinguished Professor in Medicine. Gallo is also a co-founder of biotechnology company Profectus BioSciences, Inc. and co-founder and scientific director of the Global Virus Network (GVN).

Gallo was the most cited scientist in the world from 1980 to 1990. He has published over 1,300 papers.

Elisabetta Maffeis

Elisabetta Maffeis (born 27 July 1947 Cene) is an Italian professional road bicycle racer. She won the 1966 Italian National Road Race Championships. 

She competed at the She competed at the 1966 UCI Road World Championships, 1968 UCI Road World Championships, 1969 UCI Road World Championships and 1971 UCI Road World Championships.

She was among the first Italian cyclists to compete in various world championships. Elisabetta and Giuseppe Maffeis, were the first brother and sister in history to compete on the same day in the road cycling world championships in the women's and amateur categories in Leicester (England) in 1970.

List of American painters

This is a list of famous American painters.




Paola Scotti

Paola Scotti (25 April 1944 - 7 May 1990) was an Italian road cyclist. She became the first Italia women's national champion at the 1963 Italian National Road Race Championships. In 1964 she won the silver medal behind Maria Cressari.

Scotti died on 30 October 1990. 

Since 1992 the "Paola Scotti Memorial" has been held. In 2001 the municipality of Sarmato dedicated the "Centro Polisportivo" to Scotti, with at the entrance sculpture of her.

Sophie Hunter

Sophie Irene Hunter (born 16 March 1978) is an English avant-garde theatre and opera director, playwright, and former performer. Her career began in 2007 when she co-directed the experimental play "The Terrific Electric". 

She has directed an Off-Off-Broadway revival of Henrik Ibsen's "Ghosts" (2010).

In 2015, Hunter married actor Benedict Cumberbatch. They have three sons.

Florinda Parenti

Florinda Parenti (born 1943) is an Italian road cyclist. Parenti became Italian National Road Race Champion in 1965 and finished second in 1963 and 1966. 

She competed at the 1962 UCI Road World Championships and 1965 UCI Road World Championships.

Renée Ganneau

Renée Ganneau (born 12 December 1936) is a French former track and road cyclist. 

She competed at the 1960 UCI Road World Championships, 1962 UCI Road World Championships, 1963 UCI Road World Championships and 1964 UCI Road World Championships. As a track cyclist she became seven time France national champion between 1960 and 1965 in the sprint event four times, and the individual pursuit three times.


Joseph Horovitz

Joseph Horovitz (26 May 1926 – 9 February 2022) was an Austrian-born British composer and conductor. He was born in Vienna, Austria and moved to the United Kingdom in 1938. His works include 16 ballets. The children's "pop cantata" "Captain Noah and His Floating Zoo" (1970) was his best known work. He was also a professor at the Royal College of Music in London.

Horovitz died on 9 February 2022, at the age of 95.

Kathryn Newton

Kathryn Newton (born February 8, 1997) is an American actress. She is known for her starring roles as Louise Brooks in the CBS comedy series "Gary Unmarried" (2008–2010), Abigail Carlson in the HBO mystery drama series "Big Little Lies" (2017–2019), and Allie Pressman in the Netflix teen drama series "The Society" (2019).

Second Battle of the Aisne

The Second Battle of the Aisne was a French offensive on the Western Front of World War I. The battle was part of the 1917 Nivelle Offensive. The goal of the battle was to end the war in 48 hours, but it failed with many deaths. The failure of the battle caused French morale to collapse, and started the French Army mutinies. 

Julissa Reynoso Pantaleón

Julissa Reynoso Pantaleón (born January 2, 1975) is a Dominican-American lawyer and politician. She is the United States Ambassador to Spain since 2022. She was the chief of staff to First Lady Jill Biden from 2021 until 2022. From March 2012 until December 2014, she was United States ambassador to Uruguay from 2012 until 2014. 

She is a former deputy assistant secretary for the Bureau of Western Hemisphere Affairs at the United States Department of State. 

President Biden nominated her to be the next United States Ambassador to Spain on July 27, 2021, being confirmed on December 18, 2021.

White genocide conspiracy theory

The white genocide, white extinction, or white replacement conspiracy theory, is a white supremacist Conspiracy theory which states that there is a deliberate plot, often blamed on Jews to promote miscegenation, interracial marriage, mass non-white immigration, racial integration, low fertility rates, abortion, governmental land-confiscation from whites, organised violence, and eliminationism in white-founded countries in order to cause the extinction of whites through forced assimilation, mass immigration, and violent genocide.

White Americans in California

White Californians are white Americans living in California who currently make up 71.9% of the state's population.

Poor White

Poor White is a sociocultural classification used to describe economically disadvantaged Whites in the English-speaking world, especially White Americans with low incomes.

Macy Rodman

Macy Rodman is an American singer-songwriter, comedian, podcaster, and performance artist. Her music is usually punk and rock. She has released three studio albums, "The Lake" (2017), "Endless Kindness" (2019), and "Unbelievable Animals" (2021).

Rodman is a transgender woman.

Dave Sheridan (actor)

David Christopher Sheridan (born March 10, 1969) is an American actor, comedian, writer, producer, and musician. He played Special Officer Doofy in the comedy "Scary Movie" (2000).

Bertice Berry

Bertice Berry (born 1960) is an American sociologist, author, lecturer, and educator. She was born in Wilmington, Delaware and taught at Kent State University. She was the host and co-executive producer of her own nationally syndicated talk show, "The Bertice Berry Show", from 1993 to 1994.

Besides having her own talk show, Berry has also appeared on "The Oprah Winfrey Show", "The Tonight Show with Jay Leno", TEDx Talk, "CBS Nightwatch", CNN's "Crossfire", and "Sonya Live". Berry was born in Wilmington, Delaware.

Michelle Rodríguez (Mexican actress)

Michelle Rodríguez (Xochimilco, Mexico City, December 1, 1983), is a Mexican film, theater and television actress, singer and comedian. She is known for playing the character of Toña in the television series "40 y 20".

Michelle Rodríguez was born in Xochimilco, Mexico City on 1st of December 1983. At an early age, she wanted to be an actress and comedian. She studied design and visual communication at the National Autonomous University of Mexico. 

She joined the entertainment industry in 1999. She started with dubbing, voiceover, and radio production. Later in her career, she did comedy, musical theater, interpretation, and acting. She made her television debut in 2012 in the successful telenovela "AmoresTrues." In 2012 and 2013, she played the character of "Polita" alongside Mexican actors such as Erika Buenfil, Eduardo Yáñez, Sebastián Rulli and Eiza González in the TV-show "Amores verdaderos". She joined the main cast of the comedy series "40 y 20" where she played "Toña", sharing scenes with Jorge Van Rankin and Mauricio Garza.

George Wallace (American comedian)

George Henry Wallace (born July 21, 1952) is an American comedian and actor.

His movie roles include in "3 Strikes" and the Coen Brothers movie "The Ladykillers" (2004, as Sheriff Wyner). Wallace also appeared in "Batman Forever" (1995) as the Mayor of Gotham City. He also appeared in "A Rage in Harlem" (1991), "The Wash" (2001), "Punchline" (1988), "Things Are Tough All Over" (1982), "Postcards from the Edge" (1990), and "Mr. Deeds" (2002).

Bianca Del Rio

Roy Haylock (born June 27, 1975), better known by the stage name Bianca Del Rio, is an American drag queen, comedian, actor, and costume designer. She is known for winning the sixth season of "RuPaul's Drag Race".

Jonah Ray

Jonah Ray Rodrigues (born August 3, 1982) is an American actor, comedian and writer. He plays Jonah Heston in "Mystery Science Theater 3000". He is a former host of "The Nerdist Podcast" and was the co-host of Comedy Central's "The Meltdown with Jonah and Kumail"..

Billie Bird

Billie Bird Sellen (February 28, 1908 – November 27, 2002), known professionally as Billie Bird, was an American actress and comedian. She played Margie in "Dear John" (1988–1992).

Ryan Hamilton (comedian)

Ryan Hamilton (born 1976) is an American stand-up comedian. He was born in Ashton, Idaho. He is known for using observational, sarcastic, and self-deprecating humor. 

Hamilton was named one of "Rolling Stone"s Five Comics to Watch in 2012, and also has made standout appearances on "The Tonight Show Starring Jimmy Fallon", "The Late Show with Stephen Colbert", "Conan", "The Late Late Show", "Last Comic Standing", Comedy Central, and Showtime.

His first comedy special, "Happy Face", was released at Netflix in 2017.

Reggie Watts

Reginald Lucien Frank Roger Watts (born March 23, 1972) is a German-born American comedian, actor, beatboxer and musician. He appeared on the IFC series "Comedy Bang! Bang!" and leads the house band for "The Late Late Show with James Corden".

Amber Preston

Amber Preston is an American stand-up comedian.

In 2011, comic Marc Maron named her one of his five top comedians to watch. In 2018, entertainment website Thrillist named her one of the best undiscovered comedians in America.

Her debut album, "Sparkly Parts", was released April 17, 2020, debuting at No. 1 on both the Amazon and iTunes comedy charts.

Timmy Williams

Timmy Williams (born April 10, 1981) is an American comedian and radio personality. He is a member of the sketch comedy troupe "The Whitest Kids U' Know".

Gary Mule Deer

Gary Mule Deer (born Gary C. Miller; November 21, 1939) is an American comedian and country musician. He made over 350 television appearances, including many on both "The Tonight Show starring Johnny Carson" and the "Late Show with David Letterman".

He was one of six comedians, along with Jay Leno, to star on the first HBO comedy special, "Freddie Prinze and Friends". He was the co-host of Don Kirshner's Rock Concert for four years on NBC, a regular on "Make Me Laugh". He was a judge on "The Gong Show". He has made over 100 appearances on The Nashville Network, including the last two years as a cast member on "Hee Haw". 

He appeared in the movies "Annie Hall", "Up In Smoke" and "Tilt". 

Mack Swain

Mack Swain (born Moroni Swain; February 16, 1876 – August 25, 1935) was an early American actor. He appeared in many of Mack Sennett’s comedies at Keystone Studios. He also appeared in some Charlie Chaplin movies.

Jim J. Bullock

James Jackson Bullock (born February 9, 1955) is an American actor and comedian. He later became a semi-regular on "ALF" (from 1989 to 1990) as Neal Tanner. He guest-hosted a special episode of "Super Sloppy Double Dare" in 1989. Bullock was the voice of "Queer Duck" in the animated series of cartoons.

Susan Theresa Burke

Susan Theresa Burke is an American writer, actress and stand-up comic. She was born in Casper, Wyoming. She is known for co-writing the movie "Smashed". The movie is about her life and comedic career while going through alcoholism.


Bokermannohyla saxicola

The ledge tree frog ("Bokermannohyla saxicola") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in the Serra do Espinhaço and Serra de Cipó mountains, usually more than 800 meters above sea level.

This frog is 5.0 to 5.4 cm long from nose to rear end.

These frogs live in montane meadows, grassy places partway up mountains. It lays eggs in rocky streams. This frog only lives below 800 meters above sea level when the streams stay rocky that low. Scientists have seen it as close to sea level as 600 meters, always by rocky streams. The tadpoles take about five months to grow.

There are four different groups of ledge tree frogs, each living around the top of a different mountain.

Scientists looked at the frog's DNA. They saw it became its own species 6.1 million years ago, during the c. 6.1 million years ago Miocene era.

Olivia Cajero Bedford

Olivia Cajero Bedford ( 1938 – February 10, 2022) was an American Democratic politician. He was a member of the Arizona Senate, representing District 3 from 2013 to 2019. Cajero Bedford was a member of the Arizona House of Representatives from 2003 until 2011. Cajero Bedford was born in Tucson, Arizona.

Cajero Bedford died on February 10, 2022 at the age of 83.

Charles B. Deane Jr.

Charles Bennett Deane Jr. (February 21, 1937 – February 6, 2022) was an American lawyer and politician. Deane was born in Rockingham, North Carolina. He was in the North Carolina Senate and was a Democrat during the 1970s. 

Deane Jr. died at his home in Rockingham at the age of 84.

Rockingham, North Carolina

Rockingham is a city in Richmond County, North Carolina, United States named after the Marquess of Rockingham. The population was 9,243 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Richmond County.

Ian McDonald (musician)

Ian McDonald (25 June 1946 – 9 February 2022) was an English multi-instrumental musician. He was best known as a founding member of progressive rock band King Crimson in 1969, and of Foreigner in 1976.

McDonald died at his home in New York City, on February 9, 2022, at the age of 75.

1987 FIFA World Youth Championship

The 1987 FIFA World Youth Championship took place in Chile from 10 to 25 October 1987. The 1987 championship was the 6th contested and won for the first time by Yugoslavia. Remarkably, in the course of the tournament the Yugoslavs defeated each of the three other semi-finalists, and eliminated the defending champions Brazil. The tournament took place in four venues: Antofagasta, Valparaíso, Concepción and Santiago.

Samson Tijani

Samson Okikiola Tijani (born 17 May 2002) is a Nigerian professional footballer. He plays as a midfielder for 2. Liga club Liefering. He is on loan from Red Bull Salzburg. He also plays for the Nigeria national team.

Tijani began his career with Collins Edwin Sports Club On July 17th 2020 he signed with Austrian Bundesliga club Red Bull Salzburg. On 14 August, Tijani came to Hartberg for the season on loan. He made his debut for Hartberg on 30 August against Dornbirner in the Austrian Cup. In the league he made his debut on 12 September 2020 against Rheindorf Altach. 

On 1 July 2021, Tijani was loaned out to Liefering on a season long loan.

On 6 February Tijani made his professional debut for the Red Bull Salzburg in the Cup match against LASK. He came in in min 89 for Nicolas Capaldo in a 3:1 win.

In the league he debuted on February 11 when he came in for Antoine Bernede in min 74 in the match versus SK Rapid Wien.

In a friendly match before the start of the 2022-23 season versus Feyenoord Rotterdam on 9 July 2022 he suffered a shin and fibula fracture.

Tijani was part of the Nigeria team in the Africa U-17 Cup of Nations. Tijani made his debut with the senior Nigeria national team in a friendly 1-0 loss to Algeria on 9 October 2020.

Milwaukee Deep

The Milwaukee Deep (also called the Milwaukee Depth), near Puerto Rico, is the deepest area in the Atlantic Ocean. It is also the eighth deepest area in the ocean. The depth of Milwaukee Deep is the 27,493 ft (8,380 m). Milwaukee Deep is in the Puerto Rico Trench, where the Caribbean plate and the Atlantic Ocean plate meet together. Milwaukee Deep is a part of the larger Brownson Deep which creates a very long depression.
The Milwaukee Deep is named after the ship USS "Milwaukee", which was named after the city Milwaukee, Wisconsin. This ship was the first to discover the Milwaukee Deep on February 14, 1939. At the time it was read to be 28,680 feet. This was found to be wrong in 2018 when Victor Vescovo dived down and found that it could not have been deeper than 27,493 ft. 


Lois Mailou Jones

Lois Mailou Jones (1905-1998) was an American painter and teacher. She is considered part of the Harlem Renaissance. She taught at Howard University for over 40 years.

Jones was born in Boston, Massachusetts on November 3, 1905 to Thomas Vreeland and Carolyn Jones. Her father was a building (or manager) who later became a lawyer; He was the first African-American to get a law degree from Suffolk University Law School. Her mother worked as a cosmetologist.

Jones attended the School of the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston, the Boston Normal School of Arts, and the Designers Art School.

Jones took a job teaching art at Howard University in 1930. Jones taught there until 1977. Her students included Elizabeth Catlett, David C. Driskell, and Sylvia Snowden.

In 1955 Jones became a member of the Society of Washington Artists. Jones was the first African-American artist to become a member.

Jones died on June 9, 1998 in Washington, D.C..

Jones' work is in the Metropolitan Museum of Art, the National Gallery of Art, the National Museum of Women in the Arts, and the Smithsonian American Art Museum, 

Someone to Watch Over Me

Someone to Watch Over Me is a 1987 American British romantic crime thriller movie directed by Ridley Scott and starring Tom Berenger, Mimi Rogers, Lorraine Bracco, Jerry Orbach, John Rubinstein, Mark Moses, Tracey Childs, Daniel Hugh Kelly. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Voiced alveolar lateral fricative

The voiced alveolar lateral fricative is a type of consonant. Some spoken languages use it. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is (sometimes called "lezh"). The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is codice_1. The voiced alveolar lateral fricative is not used in English.

A pharyngealized voiced alveolar lateral fricative is reconstructed to be the ancient Classical Arabic pronunciation of the Arabic letter . (This means that linguists do not know how the letter was actually pronounced. However, by looking at modern languages, they think that this is how it was pronounced in the ancient language.) Today, the letter is pronounced in Modern Standard Arabic as a pharyngealized voiced coronal stop. This sound can be either alveolar or denti-alveolar .

In 1938, a letter shaped similarly to heng was approved as the official IPA letter for this sound. It replaced . However, the International Phonetic Association also suggested that a compromise between the two letters could be used if the author wanted. This compromise letter was included in the 1949 "Principles of the International Phonetic Association" and the IPA charts of that year. Although the International Phonetic Association said to use this letter, some authors still used from the 1960s to the 1980s. Later, this new letter was replaced by at the 1989 Kiel Convention.



Egyptian

Egyptian might mean:



List of Russian novelists

This is a list of famous Russian writers who have written novels and/or short fiction.



Evgeniya Brik

Evgeniya Brik (, maiden name Khirivskaya (Хиривская), 3 September 1981 – 10 February 2022) was a Russian actress. She was best known for playing Kalinka in the Belgian television series "Matroesjka's". Her career began in 2000. Brik was born in Moscow.

Brik died from cancer in Los Angeles, California on 10 February 2022 in Moscow, aged 40.

Johnny Ellis

Johnny Ellis (March 13, 1960 – February 9, 2022) was an American politician. He was a member of the Alaska Senate from 1992 to 2017. He was a member of the Alaska House of Representatives from 1986 through 1992. Ellis was born in Springfield, Missouri. He was a member of the Democratic Party. Ellis was the state senate's majority leader from 2009 until 2011.

In 2016, Ellis was diagnosed with prostate cancer and multiple sclerosis. He was also openly gay.

Ellis died on February 9, 2022 from cardiac arrest caused by his cancer and multiple sclerosis at his brother's home in Harrison, Arkansas at the age of 61.

Anthony J. Mercorella

Anthony J. Mercorella (March 6, 1927 – February 3, 2022) was an American politician. He was a member of the New York State Assembly from 1966 to 1972. He was in the New York City Council from 1973 to 1975. Mercorella was born in New York City. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Mercorella died on February 3, 2022 in Naples, Florida, one month before his 95th birthday.

Issawi Frej

Issawi Frej (, ; born 14 December 1963) is an Arab-Israeli politician who currently serves as a minister and was a member of the Knesset for Meretz in 2021. He was also a member of Knesset for the party between 2013 and 2019. He is the Minister of Regional Cooperation since 2021. He is the second Muslim minister in Israeli history, after Raleb Majadle.

Frej was born in Kafr Qasim, Israel. He studied at Hebrew University of Jerusalem. 

In February 2022, Frej was hospitalized under critical condition in Tel Aviv, Israel after having a stroke.

Kafr Qasim

Kafr Qasim (, ), also spelled as Kafr Qassem, Kufur Kassem, Kfar Kassem and Kafar Kassem, is a hill-top city in Israel with an Arab population. It is located about east of Tel Aviv.


Polysporangiophyte

Polysporangiophytes, also called polysporangiates or formally Polysporangiophyta, are a type of plant. The sporophyte of these plants have branching stems (axes).These stems have sporangia. The name means "many sporangia plant". The clade includes all land plants (embryophytes) except for the bryophytes (liverworts, mosses and hornworts). The sporophytes f those plants are normally unbranched.

Steve Mortimer

Stephen Charles Mortimer (born 15 July 1956), also nicknamed "Turvey", is an Australian former rugby league player. He was a halfback. Mortimer played a Canterbury-Bankstown Bulldogs club record 272 first grade games between 1976 and 1988, winning four premierships during the 1980s. He was born in the Sydney suburb of Yagoona, and was raised in Wagga Wagga, New South Wales. He also played for the New South Wales team between 1977 and 1985. From 1981 to 1984, he also played for the Australian national team.

In 2021, Mortimer was diagnosed with dementia. In February 2022, he was sent to a care home.

Wordle

Wordle is a word game developed by Josh Wardle. Players have six guesses to find a five-letter word. After each guess the computer shows the player a colour-coded version of their word, thus helping them reach the right answer. 

This shows the player if each letter in the word is:


There is only one word to guess per day.


Flight dynamics (spacecraft)

Spacecraft flight dynamics is the use of dynamics to show how forces can act on a space vehicle or spacecraft. The aim is to determine the flight path of spacecrafts.

Bokermannohyla langei

The Marumbi tree frog ("Bokermannohyla langei") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Malabar grey hornbill

The Malabar grey hornbill ("Ocyceros griseus") is a hornbill endemic to the Western Ghats and associated hills of southern India. They have a large beak but lack the casque that is prominent in some other hornbill species. They are found mainly in dense forest and around rubber, arecanut or coffee plantations. They move around in pairs or small groups, feeding on figs and other forest fruits. Their loud cackling and laughing call makes them familiar to people living in the region.

Wirdum, Germany

Wirdum is a municipality in Aurich, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Bad Bentheim

Bad Bentheim (; ) is a town in the southwestern part of Lower Saxony, Germany, in the County of Bentheim on the borders of North Rhine-Westphalia and the Netherlands about 15 km south of Nordhorn and 20 km northeast of Enschede.

The town limit is 49 km, with a north–south reach of 14 km and an east–west reach of 12 km. The area under Bad Bentheim's power, along with all its constituent communities, has a total area of 100.16 km.

Bad Bentheim, a town shaped by the Evangelical Church, belongs to Lower Saxony's district of Bentheim. It borders on two other towns in Lower Saxony, Schüttorf and Nordhorn as well as on the Catholic towns of Gronau and Ochtrup in North Rhine-Westphalia's Steinfurt and Borken districts respectively. Bad Bentheim is right on the Dutch border, its immediate neighbours on the other side being de Lutte and Losser, both Catholic places in the province of Overijssel (Twente region). Not far away is the Dutch cities of Almelo, Enschede and Hengelo, and on the German side Lingen, Rheine, Münster and Osnabrück.

The town has the centres of Achterberg, Bardel, Gildehaus, Hagelshoek, Holt und Haar, Sieringhoek, Waldseite and Westenberg.



Lichtenvoorde

Lichtenvoorde (Achterhooks: "Lechtenvoorde") is a town and former municipality in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands. About 12,900 people were living there in 2020. It lies in the Achterhoek region.

Lichtenvoorde used to be a municipality. On 1 January 2005, it joined the municipality of Groenlo. Last one was renamed Oost Gelre on 20 May 2006, of which Lichtenvoorde is the seat.

Zwarte Cross, which is a motorcross, music and theatre festival, is held in Lichtenvoorde every year.


Emlichheim

Emlichheim (Low German: Emmelkamp) is a municipality in the County of Bentheim in Lower Saxony, Germany, about 20 km south of Emmen, and 25 km northwest of Nordhorn.

Emlichheim is right on the German-Dutch border. The community is bordered on the south by the river Vechte and on the north by the Coevorden-Picardy Canal. It is the administrative seat of the "Samtgemeinde Emlichheim", whose members also include Hoogstede, Laar and Ringe.


Emlichheim (Samtgemeinde)

Emlichheim is a "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") in Bentheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its seat is in the municipality Emlichheim.

The "Samtgemeinde" Emlichheim has the following municipalities:


Engden

Engden is a community in Bentheim in Lower Saxony.

Engden is between Nordhorn and Schüttorf. It belongs to the Joint Community "(Samtgemeinde)" of Schüttorf, whose administrative seat is in the like-named town.



Esche, Lower Saxony

Esche is a community in Bentheim in Lower Saxony.

Esche is on the Vechte between Nordhorn and Emlichheim. It belongs to the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Neuenhaus, whose administrative seat is in the like-named town.


Georgsdorf

Georgsdorf is a community in Bentheim in Lower Saxony.

Georgsdorf is north of Nordhorn on the "Süd-Nord-Kanal" (South-North Canal) and the "Coevorden-Piccardie-Kanal". It belongs to the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Neuenhaus, whose administrative seat is in the like-named town.


Getelo

Getelo is a community in Bentheim in Lower Saxony.

Getelo is west of Nordhorn on the border with the Netherlands. It belongs to the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Uelsen, whose administrative seat is in the like-named community.

The community’s two centres are Getelo and Getelomoor.


Gölenkamp

Gölenkamp is a community in Bentheim in Lower Saxony.

Gölenkamp is northwest of Nordhorn. It belongs to the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Uelsen, whose administrative seat is in the town of the same name.

The community’s three centres are Gölenkamp, Haftenkamp and Hardinghausen.


Halle, Bentheim

Halle is a village in the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Uelsen, in Bentheim in Lower Saxony.

Further centres are Belthoek, Bovenhoek, Dalenhoek, Erstenhoek and Kleihoek.


Hoogstede

Hoogstede is a community in Bentheim in Lower Saxony.

Hoogstede is northwest of Nordhorn on the German-Dutch border. The Vechte flows through town, and its tributary, the Lee releases into it here. The community belongs to the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Emlichheim, whose administrative seat is in the like-named community.

The community’s seven centres are Hoogstede, Kalle, Tinholt, Arkel, Bathorn, Scheerhorn and Berge.


Isterberg

The community of Isterberg in Lower Saxony’s district of Bentheim came into being in the 1970s through the combination of the two previous communities of Wengsel and Neerlage. It is between Bad Bentheim and Nordhorn and belongs to the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Schüttorf, whose administrative seat is in the like-named town.


Itterbeck

Itterbeck in Bentheim in Lower Saxony is an old farming community that has developed into an independent community with almost 1,800 residents (2005). Itterbeck belongs to the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Uelsen, whose administrative seat is in the like-named community.

Itterbeck’s constituent communities ("Ortsteile") are Itterbeck, Egge, Itterbeckermoor, Kleine Striepe, Balderhaarmoor, Itterbeckerdoose and Ratzel.


Laar

Laar is a community in Bentheim in Lower Saxony.

Laar is northwest of Nordhorn on the German-Dutch border. It belongs to the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Emlichheim, whose administrative seat is in the like-named town. The Vechte runs through the community.

The community of Laar borders in the south on the communities of Wielen and Wilsum, in the east on the community of Emlichheim, in the north on the Dutch community of Coevorden and in the west on the Dutch community of Hardenberg in Overijssel.

The community of Laar has the six constituent centres ("Ortsteile") of Agterhorn, Echteler, Eschebrügge, Heesterkante, Laar and Vorwald.

Lage, Lower Saxony

Lage is a community on the river Dinkel in the County of Bentheim in Lower Saxony with about 1,000 residents. It belongs to the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Neuenhaus.


Neuenhaus

Neuenhaus is a town in the County of Bentheim in Lower Saxony, and is the seat of a like-named collective municipality Neuenhaus. Neuenhaus is on the rivers Dinkel and Vechte near the border with the Netherlands and is about 10 km northwest of Nordhorn, and 30 km north of Enschede.



Larry Warner

Larry Logan Warner (April 12, 1945 – Febraury 1, 2022) was an American lawyer and politician. Warner was born in Washington, D.C.. He spent his life in Harlingen, Texas. Warner was in the Texas House of Representatives from 1987 to 1991. He was a Democrat.

Warner died on February 1, 2022 in Harlingen at the age of 76.

InterCity

The InterCity (abbreviated: IC), otherwise known as the InterContinental, is a category of long-distance passenger trains in Europe. An international variant of the InterCity trains are the EuroCity (EC) ones.

Nordhorn

Nordhorn is a town in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is the district seat of the County of Bentheim in Lower Saxony's southwesternmost corner near the border with the Netherlands and the boundary with North Rhine-Westphalia.

The town is in southwesternmost Lower Saxony, near the border with the Netherlands and the boundary with North Rhine-Westphalia, on the river Vechte. The nearest major city is Hengelo in the Netherlands, some southwest of Nordhorn. The nearest German cities are Münster, about to the southeast, and Osnabrück, about to the east.

The landscape in and around Nordhorn is marked by the Vechte, the Vechtesee (lake), through which the Vechte flows, and three canals: the "Süd-Nord-Kanal", the "Nordhorn-Almelo-Kanal" and the "Ems-Vechte-Kanal".

Through various combinations the town's area has grown to 14 959 ha, only slightly smaller than the Principality of Liechtenstein.

North of Nordhorn is the town and joint community ("Samtgemeinde") both called Neuenhaus, while the communities of Engden and Isterberg are in the south. The town's western limit is also part of Germany's border with the Netherlands.

Nordhorn is subdivided into 17 quarters "("Stadtteile")".

Nordhorn is twinned with:



Claire D. Cronin

Claire D. Cronin (born January 29, 1960) is an American lawyer and politician. She has been the United States Ambassador to Ireland since 2022 during the Joe Biden administration. She was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives from the 11th Plymouth district from 2013 until 2022. Cronin was the first woman to be the state's House Majority Leader.

In May 2021, President Joe Biden was reported to have picked Cronin as the United States Ambassador to Ireland. On June 23, 2021, the nomination was officially announced. On January 19, 2022, Cronin was sworn in as the United States Ambassador to Ireland. Her term began on February 10, 2022.

Schnellzug

A Schnellzug is an express train in German-speaking countries, where it refers to trains that do not stop at all stations along a line. In Germany and Austria it is also referred to colloquially as a D-Zug, a short form of Durchgangszug ("through train"), and express train services were often given numbers preceded by the letter "D". The similar term, "snälltåg", was used in Sweden until January 1980.

On the railway networks operated by the Deutsche Bahn (DB), the Austrian Federal Railway (ÖBB) and the Swiss Federal Railways (SBB) today, express trains are divided into categories such as Eurocity, Intercity, Interregio etc. The DB still occasionally runs "D-Zug" services in night trains ("D-Nacht"), especially those to its eastern European neighbours, and as relief trains. Museum services running on DB routes are also given "D-Zug" numbers. ÖBB runs D-Züge on main routes from/to Vienna on weekends and during rush hours.

Piedmont (United States)

The Piedmont is a plateau area in the Eastern United States. It is located between the Atlantic coastal plain and the main Appalachian Mountains. The plateu goes from New York in the north to Alabama in the south. The Piedmont Province is a physiographic province of the larger Appalachian division/ It is made up of the Gettysburg-Newark Lowlands, the Piedmont Upland and the Piedmont Lowlands.
The Atlantic Seaboard fall line marks the Piedmont's eastern boundary. To the west, it is bounded by the Blue Ridge Mountains. They are the easternmost range of the main Appalachians. The width of the Piedmont varies. It os very narrow above the Delaware River . It is almost wide in North Carolina. The Piedmont's area is about .
The name "Piedmont" comes from the , meaning "foothill". It comes from the Latin "pedemontium", meaning "at the foot of the mountains". This id similar to the name of the Italian region of Piedmont ("Piemonte").

The Piedmont is mainly an area of relatively low, rolling hills. They have a height above sea level between 200 feet (50 m) to 1,000 feet (300 m). Its geology is complex. THere are many rock formations of different materials and ages. The Piedmont is the remains of several old mountain chains. Geologists say at least five separate events led to sediment being depositted. These include the Grenville orogeny and the Appalachian orogeny. The last major event in the history of the Piedmont was the break-up of Pangaea. This was when North America and Africa began to separate. 

Piedmont soils are generally clay-like (Ultisols). They are moderately fertile. In some areas, they have suffered from erosion . They have also been farmed heavily. This is mostly in the South where cotton was the main crop. In the central Piedmont region of North Carolina and Virginia, tobacco is the main crop. In the north region, the land is used for many different things. These include orchards, dairying, and general farming.

Many major cities are on the Atlantic Seaboard fall line, the eastern boundary of the Piedmont. Within the Piedmont area, there are many large urban areas. The largest is the Philadelphia metropolitan area in Pennsylvania and New Jersey. The Piedmont cuts Maryland in half, It covers the Baltimore–Washington metropolitan area. In Virginia, the Greater Richmond metropolitan area is the largest. In North Carolina, the Piedmont Crescent includes several areas. These include the Charlotte metropolitan area, the Piedmont Triad, and the Research Triangle. Other notable areas include the Greenville-Spartanburg-Anderson, SC Combined Statistical Area in South Carolina, and the Atlanta metropolitan area in Georgia.


Rasmus Kristensen

Rasmus Nissen Kristensen (born 11 July 1997) is a Danish professional footballer. He plays as a right-back for Serie A club Roma, on loan from Leeds United, and the Denmark national team.

Kristensen began playing football at the age of six with Brande IF. He played in the club for six years then he went on to Herning Fremad. In 2012 Kristensen signed a youth contract with FC Midtjylland.

In summer 2016 at the age of 18 he became member of the first team. He signed af five-year professional contract.

On 7 March 2016 he debuted in a Superliga match against FC Nordsjælland. He came in in min 39 for Václav Kadlec. In his first year he became a important player for the team in the 2016-17 season. 

On 23 January 2018, Kristensen joined Ajax on a four-and-a-half-year contract.

2019 he moved to Austria and joined Austrian Football Bundesliga club FC Red Bull Salzburg on a 5-year contract.
On 8 June 2022, Kristensen went to Premier League club Leeds United on a five year contract . The fee was around £10 million. He debuted for Leeds as part of the starting eleven in their season opener on 6 August with a 2-1 home win over Wolverhampton Wanderers.
He made his debut for the Denmark national football team on 4 September 2021 in a World Cup qualifier against the Faroe Islands, a 1–0 away victory. He started the game and was substituted at half-time.

Kristensen is the nephew of the former Sturm Graz player Sigurd Kristensen.

Ajax

Red Bull Salzburg
Individual

InterRegio

The InterRegio or Interregio (abbreviated: IR) is a category of trains in multiple European countries. They are existing in Switzerland, Luxembourg, Poland, Denmark, Hungary, Romania and in Portugal and run "from region to region", as described by Swiss Federal Railways (SBB).

Interregio-Express

The Interregio-Express (abbreviated: IRE) is a category of trains operated by DB Regio which is only available in the German states of Baden-Württemberg, Bavaria, Saxony, Saxony-Anhalt and Berlin as well as in Switzerland (Basel Badischer Bahnhof, Schaffhausen, Kreuzlingen). It has fewer stops than Regional-Express trains.

Regional-Express

The Regional-Express, Regionalexpress or RegioExpress in Switzerland (abbreviated: RE or REX in Austria) is a category of trains in Germany, Austria, Switzerland and Luxembourg. It calls at fewer stations than Regionalbahn services.

Mahmoud Fawzi

Mahmoud Fawzi was born on September 19, 1900. He died on June 12, 1981. He was an Egyptian diplomat and was the Prime Minister of Egypt from 1970 to 1972. Fawzi was the vice president of Egypt from 1972 to 1974.

Fawzi was born in a village near Quwaysina, Monufia Governorate. His father graduated from al'Ulum and the Shari'a Judges School. 
Fawzi learned law at the University of Cairo. He got a PhD in Criminal law in the year 1926 from many universities. These include Liverpool University, Columbia University and University of Rome La Sapienza.
He was very active politically when he was young. He was the consulate for Egypt in Kobe, Hyōgo from 1926 to the 30s. In 1942 he became a consul-general(the leader of a group of consuls) in Jerusalem. He was then an Egyptian representative for the United Nations in 1947. He was then an ambassador to the United Kingdom in 1952. In 1952, Gamal Abdel Nasser became the new leader of Egypt. Because of this, Fawzi became the foreign minister of Egypt. Fawzi was thought to be a good candidate. This was because he was very good at speaking many languages. He also stayed away from argument.
Fawzi was a foreign minister of Egypt until 1958. In 1958, the United Arab Republic(a union between Egypt and Syria) was formed. Fawzi was the foreign minister for them. In 1961, the United Arab Republic collapsed. Fawzi stopped being a foreign minister in 1964. After that, he was an advisor to Gamal Abdel Nasser for foreign affairs. Nasser died in 1970 so Fawzi became the prime minister of Egypt. Fawzi was the prime minister until January of 1972. After that, he served as the vice-president of Egypt. He retired in 1974. He then wrote the book "Suez War", a book about the Suez Crisis. It was published after he died in 1981.


Flughafen-Express

The Flughafen-Express (abbreviated: FEX) is a category of trains in Germany and currently only operates from Berlin Brandenburg Airport to Berlin Central Station.

Family therapy

Family therapy (also called family counseling, family systems therapy, marriage and family therapy, couple and family therapy) is a branch of psychology that works with families and couples in relationships to help change and development. 

August Natterer

August Natterer (3 August 1868 – 7 October 1933), also known as Neter, was a German artist with schizophrenia. Because he suffered form delusions and hallucinations, he was put in a psychiatric hospital in 1907. There, he started to paint. His paintings are mostly about his hallucinations, and delusions. The style of painting is known as Outsider art, or Art brut today.

Adolf Hütter

Adolf "Adi" Hütter (; born 11 February 1970) is an Austrian professional football coach and former player who is the manager of Ligue 1 club Monaco.

Hütter played in the youth teams of Altach in his youth. In his senior career he played for LASK, Altach, Grazer AK and Austria Salzburg. With Salzburg he won three-times the Austrian championship and won the Supercup. He also played in the UEFA-Cup final in 1994 against Inter Milan. Hütter played for the Austrian national team 14 times and scored 3 times.

In 2000 went to Grazer AK again. 2002 he played for the first division team Kapfenberg. In 2005 Hütter played for Red Bull Salzburg Juniors and secured promotion to the Austrian first division. Health problems were the reason why he became assistant of Gerald Baumgartner in August 2007.

Hütter is the former assistant coach and head coach of Red Bull Salzburg Juniors. He finished with a record of 13 wins, seven draws, and 15 losses at the club. Then he was head coach of Rheindorf Altach between 1 July 2009 and 5 April 2012. In the 2009–10 season, Rheindorf Altach lost to FC Pasching in the first round of the Austrian Cup and finished third in the league. In the 2010–11 season, Rheindorf Altach got to the Round of 16 of the Austrian Cup and finished second in the league. In the 2011–12 season, Rheindorf Altach were eliminated from the Austrian Cup in the first round. On 1 July 2012 he became manager of SV Grödig. In the 2012–13 season, Grödig were eliminated in the second round of the Austrian Cup. In the 2013–14 season, Grödig were eliminated in the first round of the Austrian Cup. They got a 2014–15 UEFA Europa League place after 3–3 draw on the final matchday against Wacker Innsbruck. Then he took over Red Bull Salzburg for the 2014–15 season His first training session was on 16 June 2014. His first match was a 10–1 win against 1. SC Sollenau on 12 July 2014. After one season he resigned on 15 June 2015. He won the double in his only season. His final match was a 2–0 win in the Austrian Cup final on 3 June 2015.

In September 2015, Hütter took over as head coach of Swiss Super League side BSC Young Boys. In April 2018 Hütter's Young Boys won the Swiss Super League for the first time since 1986.

On 16 May 2018 became head coach of Eintracht Frankfurt. He started as coach on 1 July 2018. His first match was a 0-5 loss versus Bayern München in the German Supercup. Afterwards Eintracht Frankfurt was knocked out in the first round of the German Cup by fourth division SSV Ulm. Also in the Bundesliga there was a weak start(just 4 points in five matchdays. But they did'nt loose the next 11 games. the second half of the season was sucessful. They reached the semi-final of the Europa League where they drew two times and lost on penalties against Chelsea. At the end of the season, Hütter was voted by readers of German newspaper Bild as Coach of the Year while Eintracht Frankfurt was voted as the Team of the Year. The union of professional football players also voted Hütter as Coach of the Year.

On 13 April, Hütter announced that he would leave Frankfurt and join Borussia Mönchengladbach for the 2021–22 season.
After one season he left Gladbach finishing tenth in the league on 14 May 2022.
In mid-2023 he signed a two-year contract with AS Monaco. 




496 (number)

496 (four hundred [and] ninety-six) is a natural number. It is after 495 and before 497.

496 is the third perfect number. 496 is also a harmonic divisor number. This is because the number of proper divisors of 496 divided by the sum of the reciprocals of its divisors, 1, 2, 4, 8, 16, 31, 62, 124, 248 and 496 (the harmonic mean) is an integer.

496 is also a triangular number, hexagonal number and a centered nonagonal number. It is also the largest happy number less than 500.

There is no solution to the equation φ("x") = 496. This means that 496 is a nontotient.

Annie Jelles

Johanna Maria "Annie" Jelles (born 1941) is a Dutch road cyclist from Amsterdam. 

She competed at the 1959 UCI Road World Championships, in the women's road race event. That was the first time that the Dutch governing body KNWU sent female athletes to the World Championships*.

As of 2020 she is still cycling and lives in Scharwoude

Shyne

Moses Michael Levi Barrow (born Jamal Michael Barrow; November 8, 1978), better known by his stage name Shyne, is a Belizean rapper and politician. He is perhaps best known for his 2000 singles "Bad Boyz" and "Bonnie & Shyne". In 2020, he was elected a member of the House of Representatives. In 2022, he became a member of the Leader of the Opposition.

Henry Thillberg

Henry Thillberg (17 August 1930 – 6 February 2022) was a Swedish footballer. He played his entire career at Malmö FF as a midfielder from 1951 until 1962. Thillberg also played for the national team between 1953 until 1959, making 22 appearances and 8 goals. Thillberg was born in Malmö, Sweden.

Thillberg died from heart failure in Malmö on 6 February 2022, at the age of 91.

Frank Bradford

Frank Bradford (October 21, 1941 – February 2, 2022) was an American lawyer and politician. Bradford was born in Sumter, South Carolina. He was in the Georgia House of Representatives from 1997 to 1999. He was a Republican. 

Bradford died on February 2, 2022 in Smyrna, Georgia at the age of 80.

Nadia Germonpré

Nadia Germonpré (born 1933) is a Belgian road cyclist. At the Belgian National Road Race Championships she won the bronze medal in 1960. 

She represented Belgium at the 1958 UCI Road World Championships, 1959 UCI Road World Championships, and 1960 UCI Road World Championships.

Millie Robinson

Mildred Jessie "Millie" Robinson (1924 - 1994) was a Manx road cyclist. Robinson was the holder of the world hour record in 1958. 

She was the winner of the first in 1955. She competed at the , in the women's road race event.

Robinson was a . She was also a champion sheep shearer.


Harold Arlen

Harold Arlen (born Hyman Arluck; February 15, 1905 – April 23, 1986) was an American composer. He composed over 500 songs. He is known for composing the songs for the 1939 movie "The Wizard of Oz", including "Over the Rainbow". Arlen won the Academy Award for Best Original Song in 1939.

1989 FIFA U-16 World Championship

The 1989 FIFA U-16 World Championship, the third edition of the tournament, was held in the Scottish cities of Glasgow, Edinburgh, Motherwell, Aberdeen, and Dundee between 10 June and 24 June 1989. Players born after 1 August 1972 could participate in this tournament. Saudi Arabia won the tournament and became the first Asian team to win a FIFA tournament. As of November 2019, they also became the only Asian men's team to win any FIFA tournament.

List of Russian-language novelists

This is a list of famous Russian-language writers who have written novels and/or short fiction.

1989 FIFA World Youth Championship

The 1989 FIFA World Youth Championship took place in Saudi Arabia between 16 February and 3 March 1989. The 1989 championship was the 7th contested. The tournament took place across four cities: Riyadh, Jeddah, Dammam, and Ta'if.

Andrée Vaudel

Andrée Vaudel (born 2 February 1940) is a French track road cyclist. On the road she won the bronze medal at the 1960 French National Road Race Championships. 

She competed at the 1959 UCI Road World Championships and 1960 UCI Road World Championships. 

As a track cyclist she won multiple medals at national championships, and became national champion in the individual pursuit in 1959.

107 (number)

107 is a real number. It is above 106 and below 108.

107 is a prime number. The next prime number is 109. This makes 107 a twin prime.

It is the fourth Busy beaver number, the maximum number of steps that any Turing machine with 2 symbols and 4 states can make before stopping.

107 is also the atomic number of bohrium.

107 is also:

Fernley, Nevada

Fernley is a city in Lyon County, Nevada, United States. It became a city in 1904. The population of the city was 22,895 at the 2020 census.

Dayton, Nevada

Dayton is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Lyon County, Nevada, United States. The population was 15,153 at the 2020 census.

Wilma van der Wal

Wilma van der Wal (1933-2023) is a Dutch road and track cyclist from Amsterdam. She was one of the first women's road bicycle racers of the Netherlands.

She competed at the 1958 UCI Road World Championships. That year was the first World Championships were women competed. She competed in the women's road race event. She did not compete for the Royal Dutch Cycling Union (KNWU). She also competed at the 1958 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Van der Wal began cycling competitively in France in 1953. The Netherlands did not have women’s races at that time. When the Antwerpse Vrouwelijke Wieler Club was formed in Antwerp, Belgium in 1958, she became a member of that club. With the club, she competed in competitions in Great Britain.

After her career, in 1965, she married French-Tunesian sculptor Abdel Ménara and became a French teacher in Amsterdam. She died on 23 August 2023.


Christian Ingemann Petersen

Christian Ingemann Petersen (born 9 December 1873 - 25 January 1963) was a Danish track cyclist. He won the silver medal at the 1895 ICA Track Cycling World Championships, in the men's ‎amateur sprint event behind Jaap Eden. 

Ingemann became five times Danish national champion in several disciplines in the 1890s. 

In the sprint (1895 and 1896) standing race with tandem pacemaker (1890, 1895) and Danish mile (1889). Ingemann became a professional cyclist in 1897.

Otto Küpferling

Otto Küpferling was a German track cyclist in the 1900s and a member of "Radsportclub Sport Berlina". He competed at the 1908 Summer Olympics.

In 1904 he finished third at the national championships in the amateur sprint event. The next year, in 1905, he became German champion in the amateur sprint. He won the bronze medal at the 1906 Intercalated Games in the tandem sprint event together with Karl Arnold. At these Games he also participated in three other events.

Public holidays in Azerbaijan

There are several public holidays in Azerbaijan. Public holidays were regulated in the constitution of the Azerbaijan SSR for the first time on 19 May 1921. They are now regulated by the Constitution of Azerbaijan.

National days in Azerbaijan that are working days follows:

Only the holidays of Ramadan and Eid al-Adha are non-working religious days in Azerbaijan. This is because the country is highly secular and irreligious. The religious population mainly in Nardaran and a number of other villages and regions celebrate the Day of Ashura. Religious minorities like Orthodox Christians and Jews also celebrate notable religious days of their faith. Despite the fact that the holiday Novruz takes its roots from the religion of Zoroastrianism, almost all Azerbaijanis celebrates it as a holiday of spring.


Lina Rojas

Lina Mabel Rojas Zapata (born 30 October 2000) is a Colombian track cyclist. She won the gold medal in the madison event at 2023 Pan American Games and the bronze medal in the team pursuit event at the 2019 and 2023 Pan American Games. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, in the women's elimination event.

Mariia Miliaeva

Mariia Miliaeva (born 16 July 2001) is a Russian road and track cyclist. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, in the women's madison event.

She rode for the COGEAS METTLER LOOK PRO CYCLING TEAM, and A.R. MONEX WOMEN'S PRO CYCLING TEAM.


Ohne, Germany

Ohne is a community in the County of Bentheim in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Ohne is between Nordhorn and Steinfurt on the boundary with North Rhine-Westphalia. The community belongs to the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Schüttorf, which has its seat in the like-named town.

Ohne's neighbours are Samern, Suddendorf, Brechte and Wettringen, the last two of which are in Westphalia.



Scarthyla

Scarthyla is a genus of tree frogs in the family Hylidae. They live in the Amazon Basin in Bolivia, Peru, and Brazil. They also live in Colombia and Venezuela and in some Caribbean countries. These frogs are called Madre de Dios treefrogs and South American aquatic treefrogs. They spend time in the water but not all their time.

The genus contains two species:

Bill Melendez

José Cuauhtémoc "Bill" Meléndez (November 15, 1916 - September 2, 2008) was a Mexican-born American character animator, voice actor, film director and producer. He was known for working on the "Peanuts" animated specials. Before "Peanuts", he worked as an animator for Walt Disney Animation Studios, Warner Bros. Cartoons and UPA. Melendez provided the voices of Snoopy and Woodstock in the latter as well.

In a career spanning more than 60 years, Melendez won six Primetime Emmy Awards and was nominated for 13 more. He was nominated for an Oscar and 5 Grammy Awards. The two "Peanuts" specials "A Charlie Brown Christmas" and "What Have We Learned, Charlie Brown", which he directed, were each honored with a Peabody Award.


Equation of state

In physics, chemistry and thermodynamics, equations of state are used to describe the state a dynamical system is in. . Equations of state are commonly used to describe the state of gases and fluids. In the real world, equations of state are approximations. They can be quite complex to write down, and usually, they are solved using numerical methods.
There are certain variables such as pressure, volume, or temperature, that can be used to describe such a system. So in its simplest form, an equation of state is a function, that takes these dependent variables as input, the state can then be as simple as saying that in its current state, the function has the numerical value zero:

formula_1

where p ist the pressure, V is the volume, and T is the temperature.
The simplest of these describes an ideal gas, it is the ideal gas law. This law can also be used to describe the state of real gases, in certain conditions (such as with a low pressure, and high temperature). 

Osterwald

Osterwald is a community and part of the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Neuenhaus in the County of Bentheim in Lower Saxony. The community has the centres of Osterwald, Alte Piccardie and Hohenkörben (Veldhausen parish).

In Osterwald are found two brooks: the Soermannsbecke and the Böltbecke, which later release into the Lee

Osterwald’s neighbours are Veldhausen, Neuenhaus, Grasdorf, Georgsdorf, Esche, Hohenkörben and Bimolten.


Choucroute garnie

Choucroute garnie is a dish that can be found in the eastern parts of France, in Switzerland, Germany and Austria. In essence, it consists of Sauerkraut, with different types of sausages, and other cooked meat is added. Very often, potatoes are added too. There are many regional variations, and there's no set recipe. Most often, the sauerkraut is served with three or four different kinds of sausage, potatoes and other cooked meat. The types of sausages which are used are Morteau sausage, Saucisson vaudois, and Frankfurter. Other cooked, usually salty meat is commonly added, as are potatoes.

In other regions of France, there are also recipes with fish, shellfish and mussels.

Riesling, or another kind of white wine is used to prepare it. The version that uses Champagne instead is often called "Choucroute royale". 

At the base, choucrote garnie is a dish of the common people, that is cheap to prepare. There are higher-priced versions that use foie gras, or deer. Many grands chefs also prepare their version.

Devakottai taluk

Devakottai taluk is a taluk of Sivagangai district of the Indian state of Tamil nadu. 

according to the 2011 census, the taluk of devakottai had a popluation of 157,328.

Nganu Leima

Nganu Leima (/ngaa-noo lei-ma) or Nganureima (/ngaa-noo-rei-ma) is the goddess of ducks and other water birds in Meitei mythology and religion. She is a sister of goddesses Khunu Leima and Shabi Leima. Legend says that all three sisters married to the same mortal man.

The Meitei female given name "Nganu Leima" (ꯉꯥꯅꯨ ꯂꯩꯃ) is made up of two component words. The two words are "Nganu" (ꯉꯥꯅꯨ) and "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ). In Meitei, "Nganu" (ꯉꯥꯅꯨ) means duck. The word "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ) is further made up of two component words, "Lei" (ꯂꯩ) and "Ma" (ꯃ). "Lei" (ꯂꯩ) means land or earth. "Ma" (ꯃ) means "mother". Literally, "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ) can be translated as "Land Mother" or "Mother Earth". But in general context, "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ) means a queen or a mistress or a lady.

Goddess Nganu Leima is described as the mistress of all the ducks and the waterfowls of the world. At any moment, she could summon all the ducks and the waterfowls at any place she wishes. She is one of the daughters of God Salailen (alias Soraren).


Cyclo (movie)

Cyclo ( ) is a 1995 Vietnamese-Hong Kong-French crime drama movie directed by Tran Anh Hung and starring Lê Văn Lộc, Tony Leung Chiu Wai, Trần Nữ Yên Khê, Nguyen Nhu Quynh.


Voiceless bilabial plosive

The voiceless bilabial stop is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is . The English language has this sound, and it is the sound represented by "p" in "pear" and "paper".


Voiced bilabial plosive

The voiced bilabial stop is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is . The English language has this sound, and it is the sound represented by "b" in "bear" and "about".


Khunu Leima

Khunu Leima (/khoo-noo lei-ma) or Khunureima (/khoo-noo-rei-ma) is the goddess of pigeons and doves in Meitei mythology and religion. She is a sister of goddesses Nganu Leima and Shabi Leima. Legend says that all three sisters married the same mortal man.

The Meitei female given name "Khunu Leima" (ꯈꯨꯅꯨ ꯂꯩꯃ) is made up of two component words. The two words are "Khunu" (ꯈꯨꯅꯨ) and "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ). In Meitei, "Khunu" (ꯈꯨꯅꯨ) means pigeon. The word "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ) is further made up of two component words, "Lei" (ꯂꯩ) and "Ma" (ꯃ). "Lei" (ꯂꯩ) means land or earth. "Ma" (ꯃ) means "mother". Literally, "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ) can be translated as "Land Mother" or "Mother Earth". But in general context, "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ) means a queen or a mistress or a lady. 
Goddess Khunu Leima is described as the ruler of all the pigeons of the world. At any time, she could summon all the pigeons at any place she wishes. She is one of the daughters of God Salailen (alias Soraren).


Foreign portfolio investment

Foreign Portfolio Investment (FPI) is the capital inflow from one country to another that takes the form of portfolio investment, which is more liquid and involves less control than direct investment. Foreign portfolio investment is a type of passive investing where investors purchase securities of foreign companies, but do not actively participate in the management of those companies. The term "passive" means that the investors are not involved in the day-to-day operations of the companies they invest in; they simply buy securities and hope that their value increases over time.

Portfolio investment is a type of investment involving a collection of assets — usually financial securities — owned by an individual or company. Portfolio investments are typically made with the expectation that they'll generate income and/or capital gains.


The primary benefit of foreign portfolio investment is:


In addition to its potential benefits, there are some significant risks associated with foreign portfolio investment. These can include currency risk, interest rate risk, political risk and regulatory risk. Many emerging markets have volatile currencies which may strengthen or weaken substantially over time depending on political circumstances, inflation and other factors. Low Liquidity is the risk of FPI, The capital market liquidity in emerging countries is generally poor, resulting in more price volatility.

The Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) regulates foreign portfolio investment in India. To invest in a company in India, foreign investors must obtain an approval from SEBI.



Shapi Leima

Shapi Leima (Shabi Leima) or Sapi Leima (Sabi Leima) is the goddess of rodents in Meitei mythology and religion. She is a sister of goddesses Khunu Leima and Nganu Leima. Legend says that all three sisters married the same mortal man.

The Meitei female given name "Sapi Leima" (ꯁꯄꯤ ꯂꯩꯃ) or "Sabi Leima" (ꯁꯕꯤ ꯂꯩꯃ) is made up of two component words. The two words are "Sabi" (ꯁꯕꯤ) and "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ). "Sabi" (ꯁꯕꯤ) is a rat like animal. It lives in the clumps of bamboos. It is known for having sharp teeth. The word "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ) is further made up of two component words, "Lei" (ꯂꯩ) and "Ma" (ꯃ). "Lei" (ꯂꯩ) means land or earth. "Ma" (ꯃ) means "mother". Literally, "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ) can be translated as "Land Mother" or "Mother Earth". But in general context, "Leima" (ꯂꯩꯃ) means a queen or a mistress or a lady.

Goddess Shapi Leima (Shabi Leima) is described as the ruler of all the rodents of the world. At any time, she could summon all the rodents at any place she wishes. She is the youngest daughter of God Salailen (alias Soraren).


Tauranga

Tauranga (Māori pronunciation: ) is a city in New Zealand.



Tauranga is twinned with:


The Beach (movie)

The Beach is a 2000 American British adventure drama movie directed by Danny Boyle and was based on the 1996 novel of the same name by Alex Garland. It stars Leonardo DiCaprio, Tilda Swinton, Virginie Ledoyen, Robert Carlyle, Paterson Joseph, Peter Youngblood Hills, Zelda Tinska and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Bruce Owen

Bruce Owen (May 24, 1931February 7, 2022) was a Canadian lawyer and politician. He was a Member of Provincial Parliament (MPP) in the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1987 to 1990. He was a member of the Liberal Party. Owen was born in Chatham, Ontario, Canada.

Owen died of problems caused by a heart attack on February 2, 2022 in Barrie, Ontario at the age of 90.

Mino Milani

Mino Milani (3 February 1928 – 10 February 2022) was an Italian writer, cartoonist, journalist and historian.

As a journalist, Milano worked for important publications such as "Corriere della Sera" and "La Domenica del Corriere", and was editor-in-chief of the daily newspaper "La Provincia Pavese". He died in Pavia, Italy on 10 February 2022, at the age of 94.

Waverly Person

Waverly J. Person (May 1, 1926 – February 10, 2022) was an American seismologist. He helped create the National Earthquake Information Center. He began working for the United States Army and also worked for the United States Department of Commerce. 

Person died in Boulder, Colorado on February 10, 2022, at the age of 95.

Lucien Degauchy

Lucien Degauchy (11 June 1937 – 11 February 2022) was a French politician. He was a member of the National Assembly of France from 1993 to 2017. He represented the Oise department. He was a member of the Union for a Popular Movement. 

Degauchy died on 11 February 2022, at the age of 84.

Pedro Villagrán

Pedro Villagrán (1946 – 11 February 2022) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party. He was a Senator for the Province of Málaga between 2004 and 2008. 

Villagrán died on 11 February 2022, at the age of 75.

Lula (footballer, born 1946)

Luís Ribeiro Pinto Neto (November 16, 1946 – February 11, 2022), best known as Lula, was a Brazilian footballer. He played as a left winger. He also was a manager. He played for the national team between 1971 until 1977. Lula was born in Arcoverde, Brazil.

Lula died on February 11, 2022 in Recife, Brazil from cardiac arrest at the age of 75.

Arcoverde

Arcoverde ("Green Bow") is a municipality in Pernambuco, Brazil. In 2020, about 74,822 people lived here.

Antoni Vadell Ferrer

Antoni Vadell Ferrer (17 May 1972 – 12 February 2022) was a Spanish Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Llucmajor in the Balearic Islands. He became a priest in 1998. In 2017, he became the Auxilliary Bishop of Barcelona. 

Vadell Ferrer died on 12 February 2022 in Barcelona from pancreatic cancer, aged 49.

Llucmajor

Llucmajor (; ) is the largest city of the Balearic Island Majorca. 


Anna Deavere Smith

Anna Deavere Smith (born September 18, 1950) is an American actress, playwright, and professor. She is known for her roles as National Security Advisor Dr. Nancy McNally in "The West Wing" (2000–06), Gloria Akalitus in the Showtime series "Nurse Jackie" (2009–15), and Tina Krissman on the ABC show "For the People" (2018–19).

Smith is the founding director of the Institute on the Arts and Civic Dialogue at New York University.

Bokermannohyla martinsi

Martin's tree frog ("Bokermannohyla martinsi") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in the mountains in the middle of the country.

Gearbox Software

Gearbox Software is an American video game development company based in Frisco, Texas. It was established in February 1999 by 5 developers. Randy Pitchford, one of the founders, serves as the president and CEO of Gearbox. 
Gearbox originally created expansions for the Valve game Half-Life, then ported that game and others to console platforms. In 2005, Gearbox made its own games, Brothers in Arms as an example, for consoles. It became their main franchise and spun off a comic book series, television documentary, books, and action figures. Their second original game series, Borderlands, was made in 2009, and by 2015 had sold over 26 million copies. The company also owns the property of Duke Nukem and Homeworld.
Gearbox expanded into publishing with the start of Gearbox Publishing in 2015. A parent company, The Gearbox Entertainment Company, was made for Gearbox Software and Gearbox Publishing in 2019. Gearbox Entertainment was bought by the Embracer Group in April 2021, becoming its seventh major label. A third division, Gearbox Studios, to focus on TV and film productions, was established in October 2021.

Finnmark

Finnmark (; ; ; ; ) is the county in Norway, that is farthest to the North, and farthest to the East. It became a county again in 2024.

On 28 October 2021, the Norwegian government confirmed that work has started in regard to Finnmark becoming a separate county again.



1991 FIFA U-17 World Championship

The 1991 FIFA U-17 World Championship, the fourth edition of the tournament, was held in the cities of Florence, Montecatini Terme, Viareggio, Massa, Carrara, and Livorno in Italy between 16 August and 31 August 1991. Players born after 1 August 1974 could participate in this tournament.

1991 FIFA World Youth Championship

The 1991 FIFA World Youth Championship was the eighth staging of the FIFA World Youth Championship, an international football competition organized by FIFA for men's youth national teams, and the eighth since it was established in 1977 as the FIFA World Youth Tournament. The final tournament took place for the first time in Portugal, between 14 and 30 June 1991. Matches were played across five venues in as many cities: Faro, Braga, Guimarães, Porto and Lisbon. Nigeria originally won the bid to host but was stripped of its right after found guilty for committing age fabrication.

Jonathan Bowen

Jonathan P. Bowen (born 1956) is a British computer scientist. He is an Emeritus (retired) Professor at London South Bank University. He is known for supporting museums online.

Bowen was born in Oxford. He was the son of the chemist and botanist, Humphry Bowen. He studied Engineering Science at University College (Oxford University). Bowen later worked at Imperial College London, the Oxford University Computing Laboratory, the University of Reading, and London South Bank University. He worked in the area of formal (mathematical) methods for specifying software.

In 1994, Bowen founded the Virtual Library museums pages. This was an online museums directory that was adopted by the International Council of Museums. In the following year, he also started the Virtual Museum of Computing. He has written and edited a number of reviewed books on software engineering, the computer pioneer Alan Turing, and museums and digital culture.

Bowen was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society of Arts in 2002 and of the British Computer Society in 2004. He is a Liveryman of the Worshipful Company of Information Technologists and a Freeman of the City of London.



The Scent of Green Papaya

The Scent of Green Papaya (Vietnamese: "Mùi đu đủ xanh", French: "L'Odeur de la papaye verte") is a 1993 Vietnamese French family romantic drama movie directed by Tran Anh Hung and starring Trần Nữ Yên Khê, Man San Lu, Thi Loc Truong, Anh Hoa Nguyen, Hoa Hoi Vuong, Ngoc Trung Tran. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1994.


Nepali tea

Tea plants grown in Nepal, are used to make tea. This tea is called Nepali tea. These plants look, smell, and taste a bit different from other tea plants. They are similar to the tea plants grown in Darjeeling, which are used to make Darjeeling tea. This may be because the eastern parts of Nepal are geographically similar to the Darjeeling region. Darjeeling produces a lot more tea than Nepal. For this reason, tea from Nepal is not as well-known. 

There are two types of Nepali tea:


Like Darjeeling Tea, Orthodox Tea is made from the Chinese variety of tea plants. The tea is rolled by hand, or using a machine. Most speciality teas like green tea, oolong tea, white tea, and hand rolled tea fall under the category of orthodox tea. In Nepal, Orthodox Tea is produced and processed in the mountain regions, at altitudes between and . There are six major districts, primarily in the eastern regions of Nepal that are known for producing quality orthodox tea. They are Ilam, Panchthar, Dhankuta, Terhathum, Sindhulpalchok and Kaski.

With Nepali tea, the time of the year, when it is collected, is also recorded. There are four main times, called "flushes"

Crush, tear, curl (CTC) tea is a method of processing the Assam variety "(Camellia sinensis" var. "assamica)". It grows at a lower altitude, where the climate is hot and humid. Most of it is grown on the plains of the Jhapa district. Most tea drunk in Nepal is of this variety, almost 95%. Because it is easier to produce, it is also cheaper than orthodox tea. 

The Nepal CTC tea also has four pronounced flushes, the First, Second, Monsoon and Autumn flushes, but unlike the orthodox tea, the CTC tea is more or less uniform throughout, often showing a strong color and subtle aroma after infusion. However, the flushes do not begin and end in accordance with that of the orthodox tea, mainly because of differences in local conditions.

Sylvius Leopold Weiss

Sylvius Leopold Weiss (also spelled Silvius Leopold Weiss; 12 October 1687 – 16 October 1750) was a German composer and lutenist (somebody who plays the lute).

Weiss was born in Breslau, Silesia. His father, Johann Jacob Weiss, was a lute player. His brother, Johann Sigismund Weiss, was also a lute player. Weiss learned playing the lute from his father. 

In 1706, he worked for Charles III Philip, Elector Palatine. He wrote his first piece of music in Düsseldorf, which was a lute sonata in C major. In 1708, Prince Alexander Sobiesky invited Weiss to Italy. He stayed in Rome with the prince's family. He might have worked with Italian composers in Rome. He had to return to Germany when the prince died.

Weiss worked for Elector Charles Philipp again. In 1718, Weiss travelled to London. In London, he gave a concert every week. In August 1718, he became a member of the court chapel in Dresden. In 1718, Weiss visited Vienna. He played for the emperor. In 1722, he was attacked by a French violinist named Petit. Petit tried to bite Weiss' right thumb off. Weiss was not hurt badly. 

In 1723, Weiss went to Prague with Johann Joachim Quantz and Carl Heinrich Graun. They performed Johann Joseph Fux's opera, "Constanza e fortezza". In 1728, he went to Berlin. He stayed in Berlin for three months. He taught Frederick the Great's sister, Princess Wilhelmine. Weiss also taught other lutenists. One of his students was Adam Falckenhagen.

Weiss died on 16 October 1750 in Dresden. He was buried in the Catholic Cemetery in Dresden. Weiss was the highest-paid musician in Dresden. Even so, his family was poor when he died.

Weiss was one of the most important composers for the lute. He was one of the greatest players of the instrument. Even so, people forgot about Weiss' music after he died. This was because the lute was being replaced by keyboard instruments. Not everyone can read Weiss' music, because it was written in tablature notation.

A lot of Weiss' music is now lost. 

Johann Sebastian Bach knew Weiss' music. He arranged a lute sonata by Weiss for violin and harpsichord.

Kitana

Kitana is a fictional character in the "Mortal Kombat" electronic game franchise by Midway Games and NetherRealm Studios. 
Kitana appeared for the first time in the "Mortal Kombat II" (1993) game, where she is shown as a royal from Edenia, a fictional realm (kingdom). In the game, she uses a pair of fans made of steel, also named "tessenjutsu". Kitana uses these fans to make special attacks.
She was thought to be the daughter of Shao Kahn, the emperor of the Outworld. However, Kitana later learns her true father was murdered by Kahn when he conquered Edenia. Later on, she becomes an important hero as she joins warriors of the Earthrealm to make sure her realm is freed. Kitana is the love interest of hero Liu Kang.
The character has appeared in various media outside of the games and is one of its most iconic and popular fighters.

Bloody Moon

Bloody Moon (; "The Saw of Death") is a 1981 Spanish German horror movie directed by Jesús Franco (who also stars) and also starring Olivia Pascal, Otto Retzer, Christoph Moosbrugger, Nadja Gerganoff, Alexander Waechter, Jasmin Losensky, Peter Exacoustos.

Commune of Llico

Llico was one of the communes that was part of the department of Vichuquén, in the province of Curicó.

The 1907 Chilean census established it had a population of 8.430 inhabitants.

The commune was created by decree of 22 December 1891, with the territory of Llico and Iloca subdelegations.

It was suppressed by the Decree with Force of Law No. 8.583, on 30 December 1927, by dictator Carlos Ibáñez del Campo as part of a greater political and administrative reform, adding its territory to the commune of Vichuquén. The commune was effectively suppressed on 1 February 1928.

Commune of Auquinco

Auquinco was one of the communes that was part of the department of Santa Cruz, in the province of Curicó.

The 1920 Chilean census established it had a population of 2.886 inhabitants.

The commune of Auquinco was created by Decree number 3.458 on 19 August 1918.

It was suppressed by the Decree with Force of Law No. 8.583, on 30 December 1927, by dictator Carlos Ibáñez del Campo as part of a greater political and administrative reform, adding its territory to the commune of Chépica. The commune was effectively suppressed on 1 February 1928.

Tomaso Albinoni

Tomaso Giovanni Albinoni (8 June 1671 – 17 January 1751) was a Venetian composer. He wrote operas and instrumental music. He is best remembered as the composer of a work called "Adagio in G Minor". Albinoni did not actually write the Adagio.

Albinoni was born in Venice. He learned to play the violin and to sing. It is not known who his teachers are. His first opera, "Zenobia, regina de Palmireni", was performed in Venice in 1694.

In 1705, he married Margherita Rimondi, a soprano singer. 

He became famous and he performed his operas in many Italian cities, including Venice, Genoa, Bologna, Mantua, Udine, Piacenza, and Naples. He also wrote and published instrumental music during this time. Albinoni did not try to find a job in a church or a court. He remained an independent composer and published music on his own.

He retired from writing music after 1741, and died in Venice in 1751.

Most of Albinoni's operas are lost. This is because he did not publish his operas during his life. His instrumental music has survived. Nine collections of instrumental music were published. Because of this, he is better known for writing instrumental music today. He is the first Italian composer to publish an oboe concerto.

He was known by Johann Sebastian Bach, who wrote at least two fugues based on themes by Albinoni.

Voiceless alveolar fricative

The voiceless alveolar fricative is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨s⟩. The English language has this sound, and it is the sound represented by 's' in "sun" and "sorry".


List of numbers

This is a list of numbers. This list will always be not finished. This happens because there are an infinite amount of numbers. Only numbers will be added. Numbers can be added as long as they are popular in math, history or culture.

This means that numbers can only be if they are a big part of history. A number isn't if it is only related to another number. For example, the number (3,4) is a number when it is a complex number (3+4i). When it is only (3,4), however, it's not notable.

Natural numbers are a type of integer. They can be used for counting. Natural numbers can also be used to find out about other number systems. A negative number is not a natural number.

0 is argued on whether or not it is a natural number. To fix this, people use the terms "non-negative integers", which cover 0 and "positive integers", which does not.

A prime number is a type of natural number. It only has two divisors: 1 and itself.

A highly composite number is a type of natural number. It has more divisors than any smaller natural number. They are used a lot in geometry, grouping, and time measurement.

The first 20 highly composite numbers are:

1, 2, 4, 6, 12, 24, 36, 48, 60, 120, 180, 240, 360, 720, 840, 1260, 1680, 2520, 5040, 7560

A perfect number is a type of integer. It has the sum of its positive divisors (all divisors except itself).

The first 10 perfect numbers:

Integers are a set of numbers. They usually are in arithmetic and number theory. There are many subsets of integers. These can cover natural numbers, prime numbers, perfect numbers, etc.

Popular integers are −1 and 0.

Integers can be written in orders of magnitude. This can be written as 10, where "k" is an integer. If "k" = 0, 1, 2, 3, then the powers of ten for them are 1, 10, 100 and 1000. This is used in scientific notation.

Each number has its own prefix. Each prefix has its own symbol. For example, "kilo-" may be added to the beginning of "gram." This changes the meaning of "gram" to mean that the gram is 1000 times more than a gram: one kilogram is the same as 1000 grams.

A rational number is a number that can be written as a fraction with two integers. The numerator is written as formula_1. The denominator(which cannot be zero) is written as formula_2. Every integer is a rational number. This is because, in integers, 1 is always the denominator of a fraction.

Rational numbers can be written in infinitely many ways. For example, 0.12 can be written as "three twenty-fifths" (formula_3), "nine seventy-fifths" (formula_4), etc.

Irrational numbers are numbers that cannot be written as a fraction. These are written as algebraic numbers or transcendental numbers.

The real numbers are a superset(or category) of numbers. They cover algebraic and transcendental numbers.

A hypercomplex number is a word for an element of a unital algebra over the field of real numbers.


Transfinite numbers are numbers that are "infinite". They are larger than any finite number. They are, however, not absolutely infinite.

Physical constants are constants that can be used in the universe to figure out information.






Center Line, Michigan

Center Line is a city in Macomb County, Michigan, United States.

Eastpointe, Michigan

Eastpointe is a city in Macomb County, Michigan, United States.

Fraser, Michigan

Fraser is a city in Macomb County, Michigan, United States.

New Baltimore, Michigan

New Baltimore is a city in Macomb County, Michigan, United States.

St. Clair Shores, Michigan

St. Clair Shores is a city in Macomb County, Michigan, United States.

Utica, Michigan

Utica is a city in Macomb County, Michigan, United States.

Berkley, Michigan

Berkley is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States.

Clawson, Michigan

Clawson is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States.

Farmington, Michigan

Farmington is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States.

Hazel Park, Michigan

Hazel Park is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States.

Keego Harbor, Michigan

Keego Harbor is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States.

Lake Angelus, Michigan

Lake Angelus is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States.

Lathrup Village, Michigan

Lathrup Village is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States.

Madison Heights, Michigan

Madison Heights is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States.

Oak Park, Michigan

Oak Park is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States.

Orchard Lake Village, Michigan

Orchard Lake Village is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States.

Pleasant Ridge, Michigan

Pleasant Ridge is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States.

South Lyon, Michigan

South Lyon is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States.

Sylvan Lake, Michigan

Sylvan Lake is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States.

Walled Lake, Michigan

Walled Lake is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States.

Wixom, Michigan

Wixom is a city in Oakland County, Michigan, United States.

I Was a Male War Bride

I Was a Male War Bride is a 1949 American romantic comedy movie directed by Howard Hawks and was based on the 1947 novel Male War Bride Trial to Army by Henri Rochard. It starred Cary Grant, Russ Conway, Marion Marshall, Randy Stuart, Ann Sheridan, Lily Kann, Kenneth Tobey and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Clio, Michigan

Clio is a city in Genesee County, Michigan, United States.

Grand Blanc, Michigan

Grand Blanc is a city in Genesee County, Michigan, United States.

Linden, Michigan

Linden is a city in Genesee County, Michigan, United States.

Montrose, Michigan

Montrose is a city in Genesee County, Michigan, United States.

Mount Morris, Michigan

Mount Morris is a city in Genesee County, Michigan, United States.

Swartz Creek, Michigan

Swartz Creek is a city in Genesee County, Michigan, United States.

Dexter, Michigan

Dexter is a city in Washtenaw County, Michigan, United States.

Saline, Michigan

Saline is a city in Washtenaw County, Michigan, United States.

1993 FIFA World Youth Championship

The 1993 FIFA World Youth Championship, known as the 1993 FIFA/Coca-Cola World Youth Championship for sponsorship purposes, was the 9th staging of the FIFA World Youth Championship. It took place across five cities in Australia. The tournament was to be held originally in Yugoslavia, but due to the Yugoslav Wars, was moved to Australia. Brazil won their third World Youth Championship title after beating Ghana 2–1.

120 (number)

120 is a natural number. It is before 121 and after 119. It reads as one hundred [and] twenty. 






Deceived

Deceived is a 1991 American psychological mystery thriller movie directed by Damian Harris and starring Goldie Hawn, John Heard, Robin Bartlett, Ashley Peldon, Beatrice Straight, Tom Irwin, Amy Wright, Kate Reid, Jan Harvey. It was distributed by Touchstone Pictures.


Sierra Entertainment

Sierra Entertainment was an American video game developer/publisher founded in the late 1970s by Ken and Roberta Williams.
The company is known for making the graphic adventure game genre, including the first game, Mystery House. It is also known for its adventure game series King's Quest, Space Quest, Police Quest, Gabriel Knight, Leisure Suit Larry, and Quest for Glory, as well as being the original publishers of Half-Life.
After 17 years as a lone company, Sierra was bought by CUC International in February 1996 to become part of CUC Software. However, CUC International was caught in an scandal in 1998. Therefore many of the original founders of Sierra including the Williamses left the company. Sierra remained as part of CUC Software as it was sold and renamed several times over the next few years; Sierra was dissolved as a company and reformed as a division of this group in 2004. The former CUC Software group was acquired by Vivendi and branded as Vivendi Games in 2006. The Sierra division continued to operate through Vivendi Games' merger with Activision to form Activision Blizzard in 2008. However, it was shut down later. The Sierra brand was revived by Activision in 2014 to re-release former Sierra games and some independently developed games.

Sierra Entertainment was founded in 1979 as On-Line Systems in Simi Valley, California, by Ken and Roberta Williams. Ken, a programmer for IBM, had planned to use the company to create business software for the TRS-80 and Apple II. Ken had brought a teletype terminal home one day in 1979, and while looking through the host system's catalog of programs, discovered the text adventure "Colossal Cave Adventure". He encouraged Roberta to join him in playing it, and she was thrilled by the game; after Ken had brought an Apple II to their home, she played through other text adventures such as those by Scott Adams and Softape to study them. Dissatisfied with the text-only format, she realized that the graphics display capability of the Apple II could improve the adventure gaming experience. With Ken's help in some of the programming, Roberta designed "Mystery House", inspired by the novel "And Then There Were None" and the board game "Clue", using text commands and printout combined with graphics depicting the current setting.

On-Line Systems leased their first office space from Ponderosa Printing, a modest space in the back of a small town print shop.

"Mystery House" was released in 1980. It was a great success with 15,000 copies sold, earning 167,000 American dollars (equivalent to 525,539 American dollars in 2020). It is the first computer adventure game to have graphics, although made with crude, static, monochrome line drawings. The two decided to shift the company's focus to developing more graphical adventure games. "Mystery House" became the first of their "Hi-Res Adventure" series. The "Hi-Res Adventure" series continued with "Mission Asteroid", which was released as "Hi-Res Adventure #0" though being the second release. The next release, "Wizard and the Princess", also known as "Adventure in Serenia", is considered a prelude to the later "King's Quest" series in both story and concept. Through 1981 and 1982, more games were released in the series including "Cranston Manor", "Ulysses and the Golden Fleece", "Time Zone", and "The Dark Crystal". A simplified version of "The Dark Crystal", intended for a younger audience, was written by Al Lowe and released as "Gelfling Adventure".

On-Line Systems was renamed Sierra On-Line in 1982, and they moved to Oakhurst, California. The "Sierra" name was taken from the Sierra Nevada mountain range that Oakhurst was near, and its new logo had the image of a mountain reflecting that. By early 1984 "InfoWorld" estimated that Sierra was the world's 12th-largest microcomputer-software company, with $12.5 million in 1983 sales.

The company weathered the video game crash of 1983 by seeing only a 20% increase in sales, after analysts in 1982 had predicted a doubling in 1983 of the entire software market. The company had spent much of 1983 developing for a Commodore machine and the TI-99/4A which were both obsolete by the end of the year. Ken Williams was reportedly described as "bewildered by the pace at which computers come into and fall out of favor", and Williams said, "I've learned my lesson. I'm not moving until I understand the market better."

Many of Sierra's most well known series began in the 1980s. In 1983, Sierra On-Line was contacted by IBM to create a game for the new PCjr. IBM offered to fund the entire development and marketing of the game, paying royalties. Ken and Roberta Williams accepted and started on the project. Roberta Williams created a story featuring classic fairy-tale elements. Her game concept includes animated color graphics, a pseudo 3D-perspective where the main character is visible on the screen, a more competent text parser that understands advanced commands from the player, and music playing in the background through the PCjr sound hardware. For the game, a complete development system called Adventure Game Interpreter (AGI) was developed. In mid-1984, "King's Quest: Quest for the Crown" was released to much acclaim, beginning the "King's Quest" series.

Sierra On-Line expanded into a larger headquarters in the early-1980s.

While working to finish "The Black Cauldron", programmers Mark Crowe and Scott Murphy began to plan for an adventure game of their own. After a simple demonstration to Ken Williams, he allowed them to start working on the full game, which was named "Space Quest: The Sarien Encounter". The game was released in October 1986 as an instant success, spawning many sequels in the "Space Quest" series in the following years.

Al Lowe, who had been working at Sierra On-Line for many years, was asked by Ken Williams to write a modern version of Chuck Benton's "Softporn Adventure" from 1981, the only pure text adventure that the company had ever released. "Leisure Suit Larry in the Land of the Lounge Lizards" was a great hit and won the Software Publishers Association's Best Adventure Game award of 1987. It can be deduced that the game first became famous as an early example of software piracy, as Sierra sold many more hintbooks than actual copies of the game. A series of "Leisure Suit Larry" games followed.

Ken Williams befriended a retired highway patrol officer named Jim Walls and asked him to produce an adventure series based on a police theme. Walls proceeded to create "Police Quest: In Pursuit of the Death Angel", which was released in 1987. Several sequels followed, and the series was touted for adherence to police protocol (relevant parts of which were explained in the games' manuals), and presenting some real-life situations encountered by Walls during his career as an officer.

"Quest for Glory" is a series of hybrid adventure/role-playing video games designed by Corey and Lori Ann Cole. The first game in the series, "Quest for Glory: So You Want to Be a Hero", was released in 1989. The series combines humor, puzzle elements, themes and characters borrowed from various legends, puns, and memorable characters, creating a five-part series of the Sierra stable. Although the series was originally titled "Hero's Quest", Sierra failed to trademark the name. Milton Bradley successfully trademarked an electronic version of their unrelated joint Games Workshop board game, "HeroQuest," which forced Sierra to change the series' title to "Quest for Glory". This decision caused all future games in the series (as well as newer releases of "Hero's Quest I") to switch over to the new name.

In 1987, Sierra On-Line started to publish its own gaming magazine, about its upcoming games and interviews with the developers. The magazine was initially named "The Sierra Newsletter", "The Sierra News Magazine", and "The Sierra/Dynamix Newsmagazine". However, since Sierra Club already published a magazine called "Sierra Magazine", the name of the magazine published by Sierra On-Line was changed to "InterAction" in 1991. It was discontinued in 1999.

Sierra's Adventure Game Interpreter engine, introduced with "King's Quest", was replaced in 1988 with Sierra's Creative Interpreter in "King's Quest IV". The game was released under both engines, so those who had newer computers could use the new engine and better rendering technology.



Sunkist (soft drink)

Sunkist (also marketed as Sunkist Soda) is a brand of mostly orange flavoured soft drinks that was created in 1979. Sunkist is a competitor of The Coca-Cola Company's Fanta brand and Keurig Dr Pepper's Orange Crush brand. 

Sunkist was first licensed by Sunkist Growers to the General Cinema Corporation, the main bottler of Pepsi-Cola products. The soft drink was the idea of Mark Stevens, who foresaw the potential based on market research which indicated that, worldwide, orange was the third-best-selling soft drink flavor (largely due to Fanta). 

Half-Life: Blue Shift

Half-Life: Blue Shift is an expansion pack for the game "Half-Life". It was made by Gearbox Software with Valve and published by Sierra Entertainment. "Blue Shift" was the second expansion for "Half-Life", originally intended as part of a port of "Half-Life". Although the port was cancelled, the Windows version was published as a standalone product in 2001 for Windows. It was published on Steam on August 24, 2005. The name is a pun on blue shift, a science term, and the fact that the player is on duty as a blue-wearing security guard.

As with Gearbox's previous expansion pack, "", "Blue Shift" returns to the events of "Half-Life", but portrays the story through the perspective of someone else. You play as security guard Barney Calhoun, hired by the Black Mesa Research Facility, who must fight his way to safety during an incident. "Blue Shift" also includes a pack that upgrades the "Half-Life" models and textures.

"Blue Shift" received both good and bad reviews. Many reviewers were critical of the short length and lack of new content, although the new graphics were praised.

Thomas Letsch

Thomas Letsch (born 26 August 1968) is a German football manager. He is the manager of VfL Bochum in the Bundesliga.

Letsch never played professional football. He started his coaching career at VfB Oberesslingen/Zell as playing coach. In July 2001 he became manager of Stuttgarter Kickers's second team until 2002, but was also a part of the first team staff until the end of the 2002–03 season. Then he moved to FC Union Heilbronn and was the manager for one season. From January 2005 until July 2007, he was the assistant manager of SSV Ulm 1846. From January 2008 to June 2009, he was the manager of SG Sonnenhof Großaspach.
In July 2012 he went to Salzburg and managed the under-16 team of FC Red Bull Salzburg. September 2012 he was also appointed as football director of academy. In the following season, he was promoted to first team assistant manager. In July 2014 he became manager of the under-18 squad. In the time with the under-18s he was also the assistant coach for FC Red Bull Salzburg. In December 2015 after Peter Zeidler was sacked, he was for two matches head coach of Salzburg. In the 2015–16 season he also managed the team of FC Red Bull Salzburg in the UEFA Youth League. In June 2015 he became manager of FC Liefering in the Second League.
On 18 June 2017 Erzgebirge Aue named Letsch as their new manager on a three-year contract. After three games Aue sacked Letsch due to poor form and results.
On 27 February 2018 he became manager Austria Wien in the Austrian Bundesliga. He was sacked on 11 March 2019.
On 26 May 2020 he became the new manager of Vitesse Arnhem. The club went on to secure fourth place in the Eredivisie and reched the final of the Dutch Cup (which was lost 2–1 to AFC Ajax). They were qualified for the UEFA Europa Conference League.
In September 2022, he left Arnhem and moved to VfL Bochum. He took over the team after the seventh matchday when they were in last place in the table with one point He led them to direct relegation with a 3-0 win against Bayer Leverkusen on the last matchday.

Half-Life: Opposing Force

Half-Life: Opposing Force is an expansion pack for the game "Half-Life". The game was developed by Gearbox Software and Valve and published by Sierra Entertainment for Windows in 1999. "Opposing Force" was the first expansion for "Half-Life" and was announced in April 1999. Lead designer Randy Pitchford believed Gearbox was selected to develop "Opposing Force" because Valve, the creators of "Half-Life", wanted to focus on their future games. The name is a pun on the scientific term “opposing force”.

"Opposing Force" returns to the same setting as "Half-Life", but instead portrays the events from the perspective of a U.S. Marine, one of the enemy characters in the original game. The player character, Adrian Shephard, is sent in to neutralize the Black Mesa Research Facility when a incident causes it to be invaded by aliens, but quickly finds that the Marines are outnumbered by enemies. The game is notable for featuring an entirely new alien faction called Race X that is never seen anywhere else in the series, as well as new weapons and mechanics like commanding squads of marines and using night-vision instead of a flashlight.

Half-Life: Decay

Half-Life: Decay is a multiplayer expansion pack for "Half-Life". Created by Gearbox Software and published by Sierra, "Decay" was released as part of the PlayStation 2 version of "Half-Life" in 2001. It is the third expansion pack for "Half-Life", and like the other expansion packs, "Decay" returns to the setting and timeline of the original story and portrays the story from the perspective of a different set of protagonists: two female scientists working in the Black Mesa Research Facility. "Decay" is a cooperative multiplayer game, designed to be played by two people working together to pass through the game's levels.

Megaron

The megaron (, , plural "megara") is the rectangular great hall in Mycenaean and ancient Greek palace architecture. The hall was: 1) surrounded by four columns, 2) had an open portico with two columns in the front, and 3) had a central, open hearth venting through an oculus, or opening, in the roof. 

The megaron also had the throne-room of the "wanax", or Mycenaean Greek ruler, whose throne was in the main room with the central hearth. Similar architecture is found in the Near East but the open portico supported by columns is particular to the Aegean region. Megara are sometimes called "long-rooms" because of their rectangular shape and the position of their entrances. There were often many rooms around the central megaron, such as archive rooms, offices, oil-press rooms, workshops, potteries, shrines, corridors, armories, and rooms storing wine, oil and wheat.

The megaron was used for sacrifices, royal events, and court meetings.

Halls in the shape of rectangles were a defining theme of Greek architecture. The Mycenaean megaron originated from the "megaroid", or large hall-centered rectangular building, of Greece dating back to the Late Neolithic and Early Bronze Age. Also, it was the architectural forerunner to ancient Greek temples. The megaron's structural layout included a columned entrance, a "pronaos", a central "naos" (or "cella"), and one of many roof types (i.e., pitched, flat, barrel). The roof was supported by wooden beams. The floor was made of patterned concrete and covered in carpet. The walls were built with bricks of mud, and were decorated with frescoes. There were metal doors often having two-leaved wood decorations. Footbaths were also used in the megaron as mentioned in Homer's "Odyssey" where Odysseus's feet were washed by Eurycleia. The dimensions involving a larger length than width are similar structurally to the early temples of the Dorian Greeks.

A famous megaron is in the king's large reception hall in the Bronze Age palace of Tiryns where the main room had a raised throne placed against the right wall and a central hearth bordered by four Minoan-style wooden columns supporting the roof. The Cretan elements in the megaron of Tiryns were adopted by the Mycenaean Greeks from Minoan palace architecture. Frescoes from Pylos show people eating and drinking, which were important activities in Greek culture. Artistic images of bulls, a common animal motif in Mycenaean vase painting, appear on Greek megaron frescoes such as the one in the Pylos megaron where a bull is shown at the center of a Mycenaean procession. Other famous megara include the ones at the Mycenaean palaces of Thebes and Mycenae. Different Greek cultures had their own megara where, for example, the Greeks of the mainland separated their central megaron from the other rooms whereas the Greeks of Crete did not do this.





Bokermannohyla astartea

The paranapiacaba tree frog ("Bokermannohyla astartea") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in the Serra do Mar.

Addai II Giwargis

Mar Addai II (; born Shlemun Giwargis () (6 January 1948 – 11 February 2022) was an Iraqi Catholicos-Patriarch of the Ancient Church of the East. He lived in the Apostolic See of Seleucia-Ctesiphon in Baghdad, Iraq.

On 11 February 2022, Addai II Giwargis died in Baghdad, Iraq at the age of 74.

Hugo Torres Jiménez

Hugo Torres Jiménez (25 April 1948 – 12 February 2022) was a Nicaraguan Sandinista guerrilla and military leader. He was a retired Brigadier General in the Nicaraguan Armed Forces. During the Sandinista National Liberation Front effort to overthrow the Somoza family regime. In June 2021 he was part of a wave of arrests of opposition figures by the Daniel Ortega administration. 

Torres Jiménez died while in prison on 12 February 2022, aged 73.

Javier Gómara Granada

Ignacio Javier Gómara Granada (7 January 1927 – 12 February 2022) was a Spanish politician, lawyer and businessman. He was born in Etxarri-Aranatz, Spain. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies from 1982 until 1986. He was also President of the Navarrese Parliament from 1987 until 1991. He was a member of the Navarrese People's Union.

Gómara Granada died on 12 February 2022 in Pamplona, Spain at the age of 95.

Zinaida Kiriyenko

Zinaida Mikhailovna Kiriyenko (; 9 July 1933 – 12 February 2022) was a Russian actress and singer. She was the Honored Artist of the RSFSR (1965) and People's Artist of the RSFSR (1977). She was known for her roles in the movies "And Quiet Flows the Don", "Fate of a Man", "Chronicle of Flaming Years". Kiriyenko was born in Makhachkala, then-Soviet Union.

Kiriyenko died on 12 February 2022 in Moscow, Russia from a stroke caused by COVID-19 at the age of 88. She also had pancreatic cancer.

William G. Batchelder

William George Batchelder III (December 19, 1942 – February 12, 2022) was an American politician. He was the 101st Speaker of the Ohio House of Representatives from 2011 to 2014. He also represented the 69th District of the Ohio House of Representatives from 2007 to 2014, and was in the House from 1969 to 1998 before. He was a Republican. Batchelder was born in Medina, Ohio.

Batchelder died on February 12, 2022 in Cincinnati, Ohio at the age of 79.

Grand Theft Auto 2

Grand Theft Auto 2 is a video game made by DMA Design and published by Rockstar Games, for Windows and PlayStation in 1999, and the Dreamcast and Game Boy in 2000. It is the sequel to Grand Theft Auto (1997), and the second installment of the Grand Theft Auto series. Set within a city known as "Anywhere City", the game is based on players taking the role of a criminal as they explore an open world, doing jobs for various crime mobs and having free rein to do whatever they wish to achieve their goal. The game's intro is unique for a title in the series, as it involved live-action scenes filmed by Rockstar Games.

Grand Theft Auto (video game)

Grand Theft Auto is an action-adventure video game developed by DMA Design and published by BMG Interactive. It is the first title of the Grand Theft Auto series and was released in November 1997 for MS-DOS and Microsoft Windows, in December 1997 for the PlayStation and in October 1999 for the Game Boy Color. The game's narrative follows a criminal who climbs in status within the criminal underworld across three fictional cities, inspired by real-life locations. The gameplay is presented from a top-down perspective and takes place within an open-world environment in which the player is required to gather a certain number of points (ranging in the millions) to progress through the game's chapters. Said points are gathered by completing various missions throughout each city, although the player can gather the points through other means as well.

Rahul Bajaj

Rahul Bajaj (10 June 1938 – 12 February 2022) was an Indian billionaire businessman and politician. He was the chairman emeritus of the Indian conglomerate Bajaj Group. From 2006 until 2010, Bajaj was a member of the Rajya Sabha. Bajaj was born in Kolkata, India. Bajaj was awarded the third-highest civilian award Padma Bhushan in 2001. His net worth was US$25 billion in July 2021.

Bajaj died on 12 February 2022 at a hospital in Pune, India from pneumonia at the age of 83.

Grand Theft Auto Advance

Grand Theft Auto Advance is a video game made by Digital Eclipse and published by Rockstar Games. The eighth title in the Grand Theft Auto series, it was released for the Game Boy Advance in 2004 (the same day Grand Theft Auto: San Andreas was released for the PlayStation 2).

Liemers

Liemers or De Liemers (historically also known as "Lijmers") is a region in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands.

It lies in the very east of the country, near Germany. It is bordered by three rivers, namely southwest the Rhine, northwest the IJssel, northeast the Oude IJssel, and the German state of North Rhine-Westphalia in the southeast. The northern and especially the eastern boundaries are rather vague. There is a grey area with the Achterhoek region, which stretches itself from these borders of the Liemers region. The hills of Montferland or Bergherbos in the municipality of Montferland are also considered as the eastern border.

The local dialect is called Liemers, which belongs to the Low Franconian languages.

These ten municipalities lie more or less in the Liemers region:


Video game writer

Video game writers are people who write video games are part of the design team, during pre-production, and make the main plot of a video game but can also focus on the dialogue, the character making and development of the game.

During the game-making process, the design may change and a video game writer can also be asked to fix the eventual narrative issues.

Jennifer Toye

Jennifer Gay Bishop (16 December 1933 – 17 January 2022), known by her stage name Jennifer Toye, was a British operatic soprano. She was best known as the principal soprano of the D'Oyly Carte Opera Company in the 1950s and 1960s. She played Josephine in "H.M.S. Pinafore", Mabel in "The Pirates of Penzance" and Yum-Yum in "The Mikado". Toye was born in Holywell, Flintshire, North Wales.

Toye died on 17 January 2022 at the age of 88.

University of Aberdeen

The University of Aberdeen is a public research university in Aberdeen, Scotland. It was founded in 1495. It is Scotland's third-oldest university and the fifth-oldest in the English-speaking world.

Peter Neilson (politician born 1954)

Peter Neilson (12 July 1954 – 9 February 2022) was an English-born New Zealand businessman and politician. He was a Labour Party Member of Parliament in the New Zealand House of Representatives from 1981 until 1990. Neilson was a member of the Geoffrey Palmer-Mike Moore cabinet as Minister of Customs (1989–1990), Works and Revenue (1990). Neilson was born in Birmingham, England.

Neilson died on 9 February 2022 in Auckland, New Zealand at the age of 67.

Johann Joachim Quantz

Johann Joachim Quantz (30 January 1697 – 12 July 1773) was a German composer, flautist (somebody who plays the flute) and flute maker from the late Baroque period. He was Frederick the Great's flute teacher.

Quantz was born in Oberscheden, Electorate of Hanover. From 1708 to 1713, Quantz studied music with his uncle, Justus Quantz, a town musician in Merseburg. After his uncle died, he studied with the organist Friedrich Kiesewetter. In 1714, Quantz travelled to Pirna, a town near Dresden. He studied Vivaldi's violin concertos. 

In 1716 he joined the town band in Dresden. He studied counterpoint with Jan Dismas Zelenka in Vienna in 1717. In March 1718, he became an oboist (somebody who plays the oboe) in the Polish chapel of August II, Elector of Saxony and King of Poland. Quantz could not become a better oboe player than other oboe players. So, he changed his instrument to the flute. He learned playing the flute with Pierre-Gabriel Buffardin for four months.

From 1724 to 1727, Quantz went on a trip around Europe. He met and studied with many musicians, including Francesco Gasparini in Rome, Alessandro Scarlatti in Naples, Michel Blavet in Paris, and George Frideric Handel in London. He returned to Dresden in July 1727. The trip made him famous around Europe.

In 1728, Quantz visitied Berlin. He met Crown Prince Frederick. He returned to Berlin two times a year to teach Prince Frederick the flute. When King August II died, Quantz stayed in Dresden until Prince Frederick became King of Prussia. Quantz moved to Berlin. He became a composer and flute player for King Frederick. Quantz did not write operas. Other composers in Frederick's court wrote operas.

Quantz did not publish a lot of his music during his life. He wrote concertos, trio sonatas, and other works for the flute.

Quantz wrote "On Playing the Flute" in 1752. It explains how people played music and the flute in the baroque period. 

Dick Vitale

Richard John Vitale (; born June 9, 1939), also known as "Dickie V", is an American basketball coach and sportscaster. He is known for his career as a college basketball broadcaster for ESPN. Vitale was born in Passaic, New Jersey. In 2008, he was honored into the National Collegiate Basketball Hall of Fame. From 1978 until 1979, he coached the Detroit Pistons.

Vitale was diagnosed with melanoma in August 2021. Two months later, he was diagnosed with lymphoma.

Chinese New Zealanders

Chinese New Zealanders (, ) are Chinese people living in New Zealand. They are the largest group of Asian New Zealanders. Most of them come from either China, Taiwan, Hong Kong, Macau, Singapore or Malaysia. After Chinese Australians, they are Oceania's second largest Chinese community. They mainly speak Chinese. Most Chinese New Zealanders live in Auckland; as well as (to a lesser extent) Christchurch, Wellington and Hamilton.

Rebecca Enonchong

Rebecca Enonchong (born 14 July 1967) is an Anglophone Cameroonian technology businesswoman and the creator and CEO of AppsTech. She is best known for her work in promoting technology in Africa.

Ms Enonchong has received several awards from organisations such as the World Economic Forum. Forbes ranked her as one of the 10 tech founders to watch in Africa in 2014.

Indian Australians

Indian Australians () are Indians living in Australia. Indians are the fastest-growing ethnic group in Australia. Since 2017, India has been the largest source of immigrants to Australia. In 2016, 2.8% of Australians claimed Indian ancestry.


Maui Taylor

Maui Ann Taylor (born June 28, 1983) is Filipino actress, YouTuber, model, and celebrity influencer. She was a member of Viva Hot Babes, a sexy all-girls group created by Viva Entertainment in the 2000's.

Maui has been together with her partner, Anton Sabarre, for more than a decade now. They have two children together: Antoine and Mateo Sabarre.

http://www.facebook.com/therealmauitaylor
http://www.instagram.com/therealmauitaylor

Republic of Karelia

The Republic of Karelia, or Karelia, is a republic of Russia in Northern Europe. The republic is a part of the Northwestern Federal District, and with area of , bordering Finland. Republic of Karelia have around 650 thousand residents. Its capital is Petrozavodsk. 

Church Hill, Tennessee

Church Hill is a city in Hawkins County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 6,998 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Kingsport–Bristol (TN)–Bristol (VA) Metropolitan Statistical Area, which is a part of the Johnson City–Kingsport–Bristol, TN-VA Combined Statistical Area – commonly known as the "Tri-Cities" region. It is the largest city located in Hawkins County.

The community was started as a trading post called Spencer's Mill and Patterson Mill in the late 18th century. The city of Church Hill was incorporated in 1958.


Lamniformes

The Lamniformes (, from Greek "lamna" "fish of prey") are an order of sharks. They are commonly known as mackerel sharks.


1994 Algarve Cup

The 1994 Algarve Cup was the inaugural edition of the Algarve Cup, an invitational women's association football tournament. It took place between 16 and 20 March 1994 in Portugal with Norway winning the event, defeating the US, 1-0 in the final game. Sweden ended up third defeating Denmark, 1-0, in the game for third prize.

MAX Machine

The Commodore MAX Machine, also known as Ultimax in the United States and Canada and VC-10 in Germany, is a home computer made by Commodore International. It came out in Japan in early 1982 as the Commodore 64's predecessor. Commodore may have wanted to sell it outside of Japan, as its name was in the Commodore 64 manual. It was first shown in Tokyo, and as Commodore VICKEY. It is rare, selling much less than the Commodore 64 and being discontinued in the same year.

Software came on ROM cartridges. It has a membrane keyboard, 2 KiB of RAM and 0.5 KiB of color RAM (1024 × 4 bits). A television is used as a display. The Commodore 64 has the same chipset, 6510 CPU and SID sound chip, and has a compatibility mode, which was often used for "freezer" cartridges, such as the Action Replay, to easily allow control of the running program. Tape drives (for storage) worked, but not disk drives, printers or modems due to not having the right serial and user ports.

It was going to cost about 200 USD. It had better graphics and sound, but Commodore's own VIC-20 was much more popular. It was costing about the same and with much more expandability and software titles. It also had a better keyboard.



Scarthyla goinorum

The Tarauaca snouted tree frog or Madre de Dios treefrog ("Scarthyla goinorum") is a frog that lives in the Amazon River Basin. It lives in Bolivia, Peru, Colombia, and Brazil.

Golmaal Again

Golmaal Again () is a 2017 Indian Hindi-language horror action comedy movie. It was written and directed by Rohit Shetty and produced by Rohit Shetty Pictures, Mangal Murti Films and Reliance Entertainment. Made on a total budget of 69 crores including production and marketing costs, it is the fourth installment of the "Golmaal" franchise and stars Tabu, Ajay Devgn, Parineeti Chopra, Arshad Warsi, Tusshar Kapoor, Shreyas Talpade, Kunal Khemu. This movie is also the sequel to Golmaal 3.
The movie's filming began in March 2017. The movie was theatrically released worldwide with a runtime of 152 minutes on October 20, 2017, coinciding with Diwali. Despite clashing with Aamir Khan's "Secret Superstar", "Golmaal Again" became one of the year's highest grossers and was a blockbuster at the box office. Its lifetime domestic net collection was more than 205 crores, while the worldwide gross ended at 311 crores. The film received mixed reviews from critics with praise for its humour and performances and criticism for its flaws in the technical aspects. In 2019, a show based on the Golmaal film series was made and it was called Golmaal Jr, which is a show about two rival prank gangs of kids, headed by Gopal and Madhav. A spin-off film titled "Cirkus" was released on 23 December 2022.

Gopal, Madhav, Lucky, Laxman and Laxman 2 are orphans in an orphanage in Ooty managed by businessman Jamnadas. Gopal is afraid of ghosts. Lucky is mute and Laxman has a speech impediment. The boys find a baby girl and take her in, naming her Khushi. They care for her and are also aware of librarian Anna's ability to see ghosts and spirits. One day, when Madhav pranks and scares the timid Gopal in an empty bungalow, a fight ensues between the boys. Gopal gets punished, which prompts Gopal and Laxman to leave the orphanage, and soon, Madhav, Lucky and Laxman also do the same. Khushi is later adopted by the loving Colonel Chauhan and his wife.
Some years later, Gopal and Laxman work with Babli Bhai and Madhav, Lucky and Laxman work with Vasooli Bhai. The group reunites after learning about Jamnadas' demise. Returning to the orphanage after 25 years, they meet Col. Chauhan, Anna and Pappi, another orphan from the orphanage who has frequent memory loss. They meet a girl who they think is the bungalow's caretaker, Damini and learn about Khushi's demise. At an event after Jamnadas' funeral, businessman Vasu Reddy reveals the orphanage would be demolished and moved elsewhere in plans to make his own building. When the group leaves the orphanage and returns, a ghost possesses Laxman and speak in Nana Patekar's voice which scares Gopal. Next, the ghost possesses Madhav and prompts Vasooli to give them a task, indirectly bringing the three back to Ooty. A scared Gopal calls Anna, who reveals that there is a spirit in their house and suggests him and Laxman to move to Col. Chauhan's house. Upon reaching Ooty, the two groups start fighting each other out of anger. The three try to scare Gopal into leaving the house, but Gopal gets possessed and beats Lucky and Laxman badly. Later, Vasu Reddy assigns Madhav, Lucky and Laxman to burn down the house. But things go awry when Lucky gets possessed by the spirit and starts talking, which scares the group. The two groups then decide to leave, but Anna and Damini convince them to stay for the birthday celebration, and the group makes amends. The four find that Gopal has fallen in love with Damini and force him to confess his feelings. Pappi arrives and reveals that the girl they assumed to be Damini is actually Khushi, who is dead, while the real Damini is Pappi's girlfriend. The boys get terrified and try to escape the house along with Pappi, Babli Bhai and Vasooli Bhai after Damini confesses it herself. Anna arrives and stops them and explains to them that the ghost is none other than their childhood friend Khushi.
A flashback narrated by Khushi explains how her boyfriend, Nikhil Surana, a young businessman and Jamnadas' nephew, killed him in order to obtain the orphanage in his name and demolish it for the construction of a site. Upon confronting him and threatening to go to the police, Khushi was strangled to death by Nikhil. With the help of Vasu Reddy, he managed to prove the killings to be accidents. However, Khushi's spirit came for help to Anna, who was surprised that the boys could see Khushi and eventually brought them to the house to help get justice for Khushi.
Back to the present, Gopal thrashes the goons sent by Vasu Reddy while the rest of the boys, who wanted to stay away from the matter, get emotionally convinced to stay. They convince Gopal to stop chasing the goons and later almost manage to scare Vasu into confessing the truth, but Nikhil arrives before they can and reveals there's no evidence to prove him guilty. This leads to a fight, during which Khushi attacks and nearly kills Nikhil but is calmed down by Anna, and Vasu convinces Nikhil to confess. With the orphanage saved, Khushi's spirit departs to heaven after bidding goodbye to the boys and Anna.



On November 7, 2021, Rohit announced that the fifth film of Golmaal series will be called Phir Golmaal. He also announced on that same day that it will be about Gopal, Madhav, Laxman, Lucky, and their new friend, who is named Vicky solving a case of them being accused of a murder as they keep on getting into trouble while solving it.

Phir Golmaal

Phir Golmaal () is an upcoming Indian Hindi-language comedy movie written and directed by Rohit Shetty. It is the sequel to "Golmaal Again" and will be released in December 2023. It stars Ajay Devgn, Kareena Kapoor, Arshad Warsi, and Sharman Joshi. After the release of the "Aankh Marey" music video from Ranveer Singh and Sara Ali Khan's "Simmba", speculations of a fifth installment of the Golmaal franchise further strengthened. In the video, the four main actors, including Arshad Warsi and Tusshar Kapoor, are seen at the end of the holding up their hands to denote the number "5." Also, after the release of the fourth installment, director Shetty got interested in the fifth part of the franchise. He said, after getting a right script there will definitely be another installment.

When Gopal, Madhav, the Laxmans, Lucky, and their new friend, Vicky get accused of a murder, they try to solve the mystery of who really did the murder, but they keep on getting into trouble while solving it.


Scarthyla vigilans

The Maracaibo Basin tree frog ("Scarthyla vigilans") is a frog that lives in Venezuela, Colombia, Trinidad, and parts of the Caribbean.

The Marvels

The Marvels is a 2023 American superhero movie. It is based on Marvel Comics. The movie features the characters Carol Danvers (Captain Marvel), Kamala Khan (Ms. Marvel), and Monica Rambeau. It was produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. The movie is the sequel to "Captain Marvel" (2019) and the continuation of the Disney+ series "Ms. Marvel" (2022). It is the 31st movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). 

The movie was directed by Nia DaCosta. The screenplay was written by Megan McDonnell. It stars Brie Larson as Carol Danvers, Iman Vellani as Kamala Khan and Teyonah Parris as Monica Rambeau.

Marvel Studios said they were making a sequel to "Captain Marvel" in July 2019. They said that development began in January 2020 with Larson set to return. DaCosta was hired that August. Vellani and Parris were said to be cast in December. Filming began in mid-April 2021 in New Jersey. Principal photography began in August 2021. It took place at Pinewood Studios in Buckinghamshire as well as in Tropea, Italy, and Los Angeles.

"The Marvels" was released in the United States on November 10, 2023, as part of of the MCU.

Following the events of "Ms. Marvel" (2022), Carol Danvers, Kamala Khan, and Monica Rambeau begin swapping places with each other every time they use their powers and must team-up to figure out why.


Saagar Shaikh, Zenobia Shroff, and Mohan Kapur reprise their respective roles from "Ms. Marvel" (2022) as Khan's older brother Aamir, mother Muneeba, and father Yusuf. Zawe Ashton has been cast as a villain, and Park Seo-joon has been cast in an undisclosed role. The Flerken Goose, who resembles a cat, returns from the first movie.

Triprion

Triprion or shovel-headed tree frogs is a genus of frogs in the family Hylidae. They live in Mexico and Guatemala. They live on the Pacific side of the mountains (west side), the Yucatán Peninsula, and Guatemala. These frogs hide in tree-holes and put their bony heads against the opening of the hole to close it.

Scientists say there are three species in this genus:


Grotte Mandrin

The Grotte Mandrin is a cave near Montélimar. It is near the small French town Malaverne, in the Drôme department. It is more like a shelter, that protects from the weather, and not really a cave. It is an archeological site: There are many well-preserved finds from the transition from the Middle to Upper Palaeolithic. The oldest layer of finds is 120,000 years old.

It is named after the French folk hero Louis Mandrin. 

The Abri is about southeast of Malataverne town center. It is at the foot of an exposed limestone cliff at 245 m height. At the site, the valley is very narrow, only about . Important traffic routes pass through there: the A7, N7, D169 and the high-speed line LGV Méditerranée .

Today, the Grotte Mandrin has a depth of . At some point part of it collapsed. Today, large boulders on the slope below are still there. The covered area was originally much larger. There is an opening of about facing north. At the front, the cave has a height of about . From the middle of the cave, it gets lower. At the back, the height is about less. 

In 2013, a fence was built on the space in front of the case. In 2016, video surveillance was installed.

When he found traces Bronze Age settlements there in 1960, Gaston Etienne (1923-2010) recognized that the case was important for archaeology. Etienne was a councillor in Malaverne. Since 1993, there have been excavations each year. Since 2006, Ludovic Slimak - a research associate from the University of Toulouse and the CNRS is overseeing these excavations. There are twelve cultural layers at the site, In 2014, seven layers had been excavated. The layers date from 42.000 BP (called early Aurigacien) to 56,000 BP (La Quina-Mousterian).

The oldest known evidence of anatomically-modern humans (homo sapiens) in Europe was found in the Batcho Kiro Cave in Bulgaria. This evidence is 45,820 to 43,650 years (Cal BP) old. In February 2022, it was announced that part of a tooth was found at the Mandrin Cave. It came from a layer of the Mandrin Cave under and over which Neanderthal remains have been recovered, but this "baby tooth" has been attributed to a child of Homo sapiens. Articles in the Journals Science, as well as in Nature, said that the tooth was too badly damaged to be able to tell with certainty if it was from a Neanderthal, or a human. 


Superabundant number

A superabundant number is a type of natural number. They were defined by Leonidas Alaoglu and Paul Erdős in 1944. 
Any natural number "n" is called superabundant when a certain equation is true.

In this equation, "m" is every integer less than "n". "σ" is the sum of every positive divisor of that number.

An example would be to use the number 9. For every number less than 8, the sigma is 1, 3, 4, 7, 6, 10, 8 and 16. ("σ"("m"))/"m" is 16/9. ("σ"(n))/n is equal to 13/9. 13/9 is less than 16/9. This makes 9 not a superabundant number

The first few superabundant numbers are 1, 2, 4, 6, 12, 24, 36, 48, 60, 120, ... .

Leonidas Alaoglu and Paul Erdős proved that if "n" is superabundant, then there is a "k" and "a", "a", ..., "a" such that

where "p" is the "i"-th prime number, and

Basically, they proved that if a number is superabundant, the exponent of a larger prime number is never bigger than a smaller prime number during prime decomposition(the process of a composite number become smaller prime numbers). All primes from 0 to formula_4 are also factors of "n". The equation says that a superabundant number has to be an even integer. It also is a multiple of the "k"-th primorial formula_5

Superabundant numbers are like highly composite numbers. Not all superabundant numbers are highly composite numbers, though.

Alaoglu and Erdős observed that all superabundant numbers are also highly abundant. 



Eyeliner

An eyeliner (sometimes written eye liner) is a type of makeup used for the eyes. It is applied around the contours of the eyes to create different aesthetic effects.

In the 20th and 21st century, the use of eye liner has also been associated with Goth and Punk fashion.

Eye liner was first used in Ancient India, Ancient Egypt and Mesopotamia as a dark black line around the eyes. As early as 10,000 BC, Egyptians and Mesopotamians wore various cosmetics including eye liner not only for aesthetics but to protect the skin from the desert sun. Eye liner may also have been worn to protect the wearer from the evil eye. The characteristic of having heavily lined eyes has been frequently shown in ancient Egyptian art. They produced eye liner with a variety of materials, including copper ore and antimony. Ancient Egyptian kohl contained galena, which was imported from nearby regions in the Land of Punt, Coptos and Western Asia.

In the 1960s, liquid eye liner was used to create thick black and white lines around the eyes in the make-up fashion associated with designers like Mary Quant. The '60s and '70s also saw new fashion trends which made use of eyeliner, eyeshadow and mascara in new ways. As goth and punk fashion developed, they employed eyeliner for a dark and dramatic effect.


Tate (TV series)

Tate is an American western series that aired from 8 June to 14 September, 1960 on NBC for 13 episodes and one season. It starred Daniel McLean and was created by Harry Julian Fink of Dirty Harry fame.


Óscar García

Óscar García Junyent (born 26 April 1973), player name Óscar, is a former Spanish professional footballer. He is now the manager of the Ligue 1 club Stade de Reims.
He was able to play as an attacking midfielder or a second striker. Most of his active career he spent with CF Barcelona, but played also for Espanyol (four years), Albacete, Lleida and Valencia (one apiece). In La Liga he played 169 matches and 31 goals over 12 seasons.
He played for Spain national under-23 football team at the 1996 Summer Olympics in Atlanta. He scored twice for the quarter-finalists.

In 2009 he became member of Johan Cruyff's coaching staff in the Catalonia national team. On 22 May 2012 he became head coach of Maccabi Tel Aviv FC.2013 Maccabi won the Israel championship. Garcia resigned from his post because of personal reasons.

2013 he became head coach of the Football League Championship team Brighton & Hove Albion. He was November's Manager of the Month, with three wins and a draw. On 12 May 2014 the team was defeatet in the play-offs by Derby County. His offer of resignation was accepted by the club.

2014 García returned to Maccabi but left on 26 August due to war. Then he was appointed head coach at Watford. He was brought to hospital with minor chest pains on 15 September. Two weeks later he resigned as head coach.

On 28 December 2015 Oscar followed Peter Zeidler as head coach of the Austrian Bundesliga team FC Red Bull Salzburg. During his time in Salzburg he won twice the double (Cup and Champion).

On 15 June 2017 he signed with AS Saint-Étienne. In November after a 5–0 home loss against Olympique Lyonnais he left the club by mutual agreement.
2018 he became head coach of Olympiacos F.C. in Greece. His contract was dissolved on 3 April 2019. 

In November 2019 he took over RC Celta de Vigo in La Liga. On the last day of the season he could held the team in the first league. On 9 November 2020, after only one win in nine matches of the new campaign, García was sacked. 

García returned to the French Ligue 1 in June 2021 as head coach of Stade de Reims.

García's brothers, Roger and Genís were also footballers. 

Barcelona

Valencia

Spain U-21

Maccabi Tel Aviv

Red Bull Salzburg

Francis Xavier Sudartanta Hadisumarta

Francis Xavier Sudartanta Hadisumarta O. Carm. (13 December 1932 – 12 February 2022) was an Indonesian Roman Catholic bishop. Hadisumarta was born in the Dutch East Indies. He became a priest in 1959. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Malang, Indonesia, from 1973 to 1988 and as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Manokwari-Sorong, Indonesia, from 1988 until his resignation in 2003.

Sudartanta Hadisumarta died on 12 February 2022, at the age of 89.

Tomás Osvaldo González Morales

Tomás Osvaldo González Morales (20 April 1935 – 12 February 2022) was a Chilean Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1963. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Punta Arenas, Chile from 1974 until his retirement in 2006.

González Morales died from COVID-19 on 12 February 2022 in Punta Arenas at the age of 86 during the COVID-19 pandemic in Chile.

Atlantic Charter

The Atlantic Charter was a statement issued on 14 August 1941. It set out American and British goals for the world after the end of World War II.




Frank Beckmann

Frank Carl Beckmann (November 3, 1949February 12, 2022) was an German-born American broadcaster and talk radio host. He worked as a radio personality on WJR in Detroit, Michigan. He also was the radio play-by-play announcer for University of Michigan football from 1981 to 2013.

On February 11, 2022 it was announced that Beckmann was in hospice care in Clarkston, Michigan. He died the next day from problems caused by vascular dementia, aged 72.

Voiceless alveolar trill

The voiceless alveolar trill differs from the voiced alveolar trill in its phonation (whether or not the vocal chords are vibrating while pronouncing the sound). It is used in a few languages. In languages that also have the voiced alveolar trill, it can be a similar sound or an allophone (another way a certain sound can be pronounced).

In Proto-Indo-European, the sound *sr became a sound spelled , with the letter for and the diacritic for , in Ancient Greek. This sound was probably a voiceless alveolar trill. It became the regular word-initial (meaning "at the start of a word") allophone of in standard Attic Greek. This sound has disappeared in Modern Greek.

Features of the voiceless alveolar trill:
The voiceless alveolar fricative trill is not known to be a sound in any language, except maybe the East Sakhalin dialect of Nivkh. However, it is an allophone (another way of pronouncing a specific sound) in Czech.

Features of the voiceless alveolar fricative trill:



Voiceless alveolar plosive

The voiceless alveolar stop is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is . The English language has this sound, and it is the sound represented by "t" in "tear" and "tool".


Jackie Robinson (basketball, born 1927)

Robert Jackson Robinson (April 26, 1927 – February 8, 2022), nicknamed "Jack" or "Jackie", was an American Baptist pastor, theologian and college basketball player. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics, winning a gold medal. Robinson was born in Fort Worth, Texas.

Robinson died on February 8, 2022 in Augusta, Georgia at the age of 94.

Mckenna Grace

Mckenna Grace (born June 25, 2006) is an American actress and singer. Her best known role were as Jasmine Bernstein in the Disney XD sitcom "Crash & Bernstein" (2012–2014) and Faith Newman in the soap opera "The Young and the Restless" (2013–2015). She played Phoebe in the 2021 movie "".

Osterville, Massachusetts

Osterville is one of seven villages within the town of Barnstable, Massachusetts, United States.


Eduardo Romero

Eduardo Alejandro Romero (17 July 1954 – 13 February 2022) was an Argentine professional golfer and politician. Romero was born in Córdoba, Argentina. He became a professional golfer in 1982. Romero first played on the European Tour in 1985 and was a full member from 1988 to 2005.

In 2005 he won his first senior title at the European Seniors Tour's Travis Perkins Senior Masters, and he won the Wentworth Senior Masters in both 2005 and 2006. He was Mayor of Villa Allende, Argentina between 2015 until his death.

Romero died on 13 February 2022 at his home in Villa Allende from problems caused by cancer at the age of 67.

Maria Carrilho

Maria Jesuína Carrilho Bernardo (25 November 1943 – 6 February 2022) was a Portuguese politician. She was a member of the Socialist Party. She was in the Assembly of the Republic from 1995 to 1999 and again from 2005 to 2009. She was also a member of the European Parliament from 1999 to 2004. Carrilho was born in Beja, Portugal.

Carrilho died in Lisbon, Portugal on 6 February 2022 at the age of 78.

Kurt Jara

Kurt Jara (born 14 October 1950) is an Austrian football manager and former player. He played as a midfielder in different European leagues.

He started his professional career with FC Wacker Innsbruck. Then he went to Spain and played for Valencia CF (1973). In 1975 he went to the German Bundesliga team MSV Duisburg where he played for five seasons. He reached the UEFA Cup semi-finals in 1979. After one season with FC Schalke 04 he ended his career in the Swiss Super League with Grasshopper. 

He made his debut for Austria in a July 1971 friendly match in Sao Paulo against Brazil, and played at the 1978 and 1982 World Cups. He played 59 matches for the team and scored 14 goals. His last international was a World Cup qualification match against Hungary in April 1985.

He coached the Swiss clubs Grasshopper, FC St. Gallen and FC Zürich, the Austrian teams VfB Mödling and FC Tirol Innsbruck, the Greece club Xanthi, APOEL from Cyprus and the German Bundesliga teams Hamburger SV and 1. FC Kaiserslautern. In the season 2005–06 he was the manager of Red Bull Salzburg but was sacked due to transfer discrepancies. Since then he is retired.


Hamburger SV



Ray Parker Jr.

Ray Erskine Parker Jr. (born May 1, 1954) is an American musician, singer-songwriter, and record producer. He is known for writing and performing the theme song to the 1984 movie "Ghostbusters". He is also known for his 1982 song "The Other Woman".

Chester, Virginia

Chester is a census-designated place (CDP) in Chesterfield County, Virginia, United States. The population was 20,987 at the 2010 census.

Francesco Samà

Francesco Samà (2 July 1940 – 10 February 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Italian Communist Party. He was in the Chamber of Deputies from 1983 to 1992. Samà was also the Mayor of Melissa from 1964 until 1970. He was born in Melissa.

Samà died in Crotone, Italy on 10 February 2022 at the age of 81.

Melissa, Calabria

Melissa (Calabrian: ) is a "comune" in the province of Crotone, in Calabria. 

Voiced alveolar plosive

The voiced alveolar stop is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is . The English language has this sound, and it is the sound represented by "d" in "dear" and "desk".


Tonka: Rescue Patrol

Tonka: Rescue Patrol is a video game for the Nintendo GameCube released on November 18, 2003 only in North America.



Songs of Experience

Songs of Experience is the 12th album by Irish rock band, U2. It was released on 2017. The photo on the album cover shows Bono's son Eli and The Edge's daughter Sian holding hands. The photo is by Anton Corbijn. 

Notes


Financial modelling

The financial model for a start-up is an exercise in creativity and forward-thinking. It’s an opportunity for entrepreneurs to let their imagination run wild, finally voicing their visions on paper. As startups are generally risky investments, the financial model is a tool that helps investors evaluate the venture before committing funds. The main purpose of the startup financial model is to show investors that your company can reach profitability within a reasonable time frame and make them enough money to justify their investment.

Financial modeling is an integral part of the startup world. You can use models to predict future growth, understand the impact of certain decisions, and help raise funding. It's also a great tool to see how sensitive your business is to certain assumptions. You can change certain inputs to see how they affect your bottom line or different stages in your model. Models are also good tools for learning about new industries and understanding valuations (if you're looking at acquiring another business).

Financial models are mathematical representations of a financial situation. They can range from simple to complex, depending on the purpose and users of the model. Different model types are appropriate for different purposes, such as long-term strategic planning or annual budgeting.

A company may use several different types of models at the same time. For example, a company may have a long-term strategic plan that it uses to inform its capital investment decisions, but it will also create an annual budget model to plan out how much cash it expects to spend and earn over the course of the year.


Financial modelling for startups is the creation of a financial representation of a startup business. It's used to forecast future cash flows and profitability.

Financial modelling is often used to assess a company's current financial health, its valuation and its potential for future growth. Financial modeling for startups is often used to prepare a document known as a pitch deck. This document is presented to investors and contains information such as: the company's business model, its target market, how it will make money, founders' backgrounds and its revenue projections.

A financial model is not complete without a full set of business assumptions that make up the model. These assumptions are typically broken down by revenue, cost of goods sold (COGS), operating expenses, depreciation and amortization (D&A) and capital expenditures (CAPEX). The process of building a startup financial model is usually referred to as financial modeling.

The Heavenly Play

The Heavenly Play () is a 1942 Swedish drama movie directed by Alf Sjöberg and starring Rune Lindström, Eivor Lindström, Anders Henrikson, Holger Löwenadler, Gudrun Brost, Arnold Sjöstrand, Emil Fjellström, Hugo Björne.


National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics

The National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics (NACA) was a United States federal agency. It was founded on March 3, 1915. The agency researched flight technology and aircraft. On October 1, 1958, the agency was dissolved. Its employees were moved to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration (NASA).

NACA was founded on March 3, 1915. At that time, technology and culture were changing quickly. American flight technology was not as advanced as Europe's. The American public had mixed feelings about flight technology. Some people thought that flying was dangerous and foolish. Some thought that it was an important achievement in technology. But in Europe, people were more confident in flight technology. 

When World War I started in Europe, the Europeans were already using advanced flight technology. The Germans used airships to bomb British cities. Airplanes were used to spy on enemies. This worried the Americans, who realized that their flight technology is behind Europe's. In response, the federal government of the United States created NACA on March 3, 1915.

By the 1920s, the NACA's mission was to promote military and civilian flight. The NACA did this by researching new flight technologies. To help this research, the NACA built many testing facilities. This included wind tunnels, test stands, and flight test facilities. The agency received a budget of $5000 in 1915. 

The NACA was involved in World War II. They helped research many flight technologies. A lot of the research that the NACA did before World War II was used to make American fighter planes fly better. They researched how to reduce drag. Drag slows down airplanes when moving in the air. They also researched how to stop the propellers of the plane from freezing. 

On November 21, 1957, Hugh Dryden, NACA's director, established the Special Committee on Space Technology. This committee was created to help develop a space program.

Beyond Rangoon

Beyond Rangoon is a 1995 American British Burmese adventure drama movie directed by John Boorman and starring Patricia Arquette, Frances McDormand, Jit Murad, Adelle Lutz, Johnny Cheah, Victor Slezak, Spalding Gray, Hani Mohsin. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


Bokermannohyla nanuzae

The Jaboticatubas tree frog ("Bokermannohyla nanuzae") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in the Serra do Espinhaço and Serra da Mantiqueira.

Maithils

Maithils (Tirhuta: মৈথিল, Devanagari: मैथिल), also known as Maithili people, are an Indo-Aryan ethno-linguistic group from the Indian subcontinent. They speak the Maithili language as their native language.


Notes

Triprion petasatus

The Yucatán shovel-headed tree frog, Yucatan casque-headed tree frog, or Yucatan casquehead tree frog ("Triprion petasatus") is a frog that lives in Mexico and Guatemala. Scientists also saw it just once in Honduras.

This frog's Latin "petasatus" means "with a hat on." The Latin and English names come from the frog's big head, which looks like a hat or helmet.

The adult male frog is 48.1 to 60.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 65.0 to 75.2 mm long. It is named after its large, bony head, which looks like a hat or helmet. The adult male frog is olive green. The adult female frog is light brown or green-brown. There are dark brown or black marks on the back and legs. Some frogs have silver marks on their backs and head. The frogs have yellow color on their sides or red brown on their back legs. The belly is white and tan.

This frog lays eggs when the weather is rainy. The male frog climbs to a branch about 2.5 meters over the ground and sings for the female. The male and female mate in trees or other high places. The female lays eggs in shallow water. When the weather is dry or the sun is hot, this frog goes to a hole in a tree. It puts its body inside and its head against the hole.

This frog is not in danger of dying out. This is because human beings change the places where the frog lives. Human beings cut down the forests for wood, farms, towns, and places for animals to eat grass.

Human beings catch and breed this frog to sell as pets.

Quendorf

Quendorf is a rural community belonging to the Joint Community of Schüttorf in southwestern Lower Saxony. The community is made up of several settlements and scattered farms. In 1971, Quendorf joined the town of Schüttorf along with the communities of Drievorden (combined with Engden since 1974), Engden, Neerlage (combined with Isterberg since 1974), Ohne, Samern, Suddendorf and Wengsel (amalgamated with Isterberg since 1974) into the Joint Community of Schüttorf.

Ringe, Germany

Ringe is a community in the County of Bentheim in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Ringe has about 2,000 residents and belongs to the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Emlichheim. The community has the three centres of Großringe, Kleinringe and Neugnadenfeld.

Through the community of Ringe flows the river Vechte, which downstream, at Laar, crosses the border into the Netherlands.


Samern

Samern is a community in the County of Bentheim in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Samern is between Nordhorn and Steinfurt on the boundary with North Rhine-Westphalia. The community belongs to the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Schüttorf whose administrative seat is in the like-named town.


Schüttorf

Schüttorf is a town in the County of Bentheim in southwesternmost Lower Saxony near the Dutch border and the boundary with Westphalia (North Rhine-Westphalia). The town of Schüttorf forms with the surrounding communities the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Schüttorf. It is on the river Vechte, about 5 km east of Bad Bentheim, and 20 km southeast of Nordhorn.

The town of Schüttorf is in southwesternmost Lower Saxony and in the westernmost part of the Federal Republic of Germany. It is about 10 km to the Dutch border. It is in a transitional zone between the Emsland and Westphalia.

The town is crossed through the middle southeast to northwest by the river Vechte, which farther downstream flows into the Netherlands. The town's highest point rises to 48 m above sea level. Schüttorf is in the foothills of the "Bentheimer Berg", a great sandstone formation from the Cretaceous rising to 80 m and a wooded western outlier of the Teutoburg Forest. Only a small piece of the Bentheim Forest is in the town. All together, about 89 ha of woodland is found within the town, making up 8% of the town's total land area.

The town of Schüttorf mainly borders on other members of the Joint Community, namely Samern in the southeast, Quendorf in the northwest and Engden in the north. Within the district of the County of Bentheim, Schüttorf borders on the town of Bad Bentheim in the west. In the east, the town limit is also part of the boundary with the neighbouring district of Emsland, bordering there on Ahlde, an outlying centre of the community of Emsbüren. There is found – only 2 km from Schüttorf – a small conservation area with a heath pond.




Uelsen

Uelsen () is a community in the County of Bentheim in Lower Saxony. 

The community of Uelsen is in westernmost Lower Saxony, on the border with the Kingdom of the Netherlands, roughly 30 km north of Enschede and 15 km northwest of Nordhorn.



Wielen

Wielen is a small village in the County of Bentheim in Lower Saxony, Germany, and belongs to the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Uelsen.

Along with the namesake "Ortsteil", there are outlying centres named Balderhaar, Striepe and Vennebrügge.


Wietmarschen

Wietmarschen is a unitary community ("Einheitsgemeinde") in the County of Bentheim in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is split into the villages of Wietmarschen, Füchtenfeld, Schwartenpohl, Lohnerbruch, Nordlohne and Lohne with Lohne being the biggest and having the town hall while Wietmarschen, which is the second biggest, having the name.

Wietmarschen is about west of Lingen, and northeast of Nordhorn. The community's highest elevation is the Rupingberg in Lohne at above sea level. There are plans to construct a viewing tower on it.

The community is divided into six districts named Wietmarschen, Füchtenfeld, Schwartenpohl, Lohnerbruch, Nordlohne and Lohne.

Mortagne-au-Perche, France became a partner community of Wietmarschen on 2 July 1989.

Highly abundant number

Highly abundant numbers are a type of natural number. Any natural number "n" is called highly abundant when a certain equation is true.

formula_1

In this equation, "m" is every integer less than "n". "σ" is the sum of every positive divisor of that number.
An example would be to use the number 5. "σ" of 5 is 5 + 1 = 6. Every "σ" less than 5, however, is 4 + 2 + 1 = 7. 7 is greater than 6. This makes 5 not a highly abundant number.
Highly abundant numbers were first learned about by Subbayya Sivasankaranarayana Pillai in 1943. Work on the subject was done by Paul Erdős and Leonidas Alaoglu in 1944. Alaoglu and Erdős discovered every highly abundant number up to 10. They also showed that the number of highly abundant numbers less than "N" is proportional to log "N".

The first few highly abundant numbers are

There are only two odd highly abundant numbers. They are 1 and 3.

The first eight factorials are highly abundant. However, not all factorials are highly abundant. For example,

but there is a smaller number with larger sum of divisors,

This makes 9! is not highly abundant.

Alaoglu and Erdős discovered that all superabundant numbers are also highly abundant. There are, however, an infinite number of highly abundant numbers that are not superabundant numbers. This was proven by Jean-Louis Nicolas in 1969.

7200 is the largest powerful number that is also highly abundant. This is because every highly abundant number that is larger has a prime factor that divides them only once.


Yasser Seirawan

Yasser Seirawan (; born March 24, 1960) is an American chess grandmaster. He has been the United States champion four times. Seirawan won the World Junior Chess Championship in 1979. He has also written books about chess.

1997 Algarve Cup

The 1997 Algarve Cup was the fourth edition of the Algarve Cup, an invitational women's association football tournament. It took place between 10 and 16 March 1997 in Portugal with Norway winning the event for the third time in its history, defeating the PR China, 1-0 in the final-game. Sweden ended up third defeating Denmark, 6-5 following a penalty shootout, in the third prize-game.

Horrabridge

Horrabridge is a village in West Devon, England. In 2011, there were 3,115 people living in Horrabridge. It is about north of the city of Plymouth and south of Tavistock and is in the Dartmoor National Park. 

The main river in Horrabridge is the River Walkham, which is famous for its salmon.

The village is named after a 15th century horse bridge.

Gundala (1981 movie)

Gundala or "Gundala Putra Petir/Gundala, Son of the Lightning", "Black Lightning" in Philippines, is a 1981 Indonesian science fiction action fantasy superhero movie directed by Liliek Sudjio, the character is based on the comic character of the same name. the film will be a remake in early 2019. 

Sancoko by creating an anti-lightning serum causes to his body by a resistant to by his god of Lightning turns him into Gundala.

 

Wilsum, Germany

Wilsum is a community in the County of Bentheim in Lower Saxony, Germany near the Dutch border, and it belongs to the Joint Community ("Samtgemeinde") of Uelsen.

Uelsen (Samtgemeinde)

Uelsen is a "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") in Bentheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its seat is in the municipality Uelsen.

The "Samtgemeinde" Uelsen has the following municipalities:


Neuenhaus (Samtgemeinde)

Neuenhaus is a "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") in Bentheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its seat is in the municipality Neuenhaus.

The "Samtgemeinde" Neuenhaus has the following municipalities:


Schüttorf (Samtgemeinde)

Schüttorf is a "Samtgemeinde" ("collective municipality") in the County of Bentheim, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Its seat is in the municipality Schüttorf.


Adelheidsdorf

Adelheidsdorf is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Ahnsbeck

Ahnsbeck is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany. It is at the southern border of the Lüneburg Heath, 10 km eastern of the city of Celle. It is part of the collective municipality of Lachendorf.

Beedenbostel

Beedenbostel is a municipality in Celle, in Lower Saxony, Germany.

Bergen, Lower Saxony

Bergen is a town in the north of Celle on the Lüneburg Heath, in Lower Saxony, Germany. Administratively it acts as a municipal borough divided into 12 subordinate parishes based on the town and its surrounding villages: Becklingen, Belsen, Bergen, Bleckmar, Diesten, Dohnsen, Eversen, Hagen, Hassel, Offen, Sülze and Wardböhmen.

Bergen is in the north of Celle on the Lüneburg Heath, in Lower Saxony, Germany. The Bundesstraße 3 (B3) passed through the municipal territory from north to south.

Bergen maintains partnerships with the towns of:
Pembroke & Pembroke Dock in Wales
Hendrik-Ido-Ambacht in the Netherlands
Śrem in Poland

It also partners with the home county ("Heimatkreis") of:
Szubin (1941–1945 Altburgund) in Poland adopted the town of Bergen in 1956. There often used to be more than 1,000 participants at the annual meeting of the previous home county of Altburgund-Schubin.
In addition the town of Bergen has friendly relations with the following:
Rožnov pod Radhoštěm in the Czech Republic
Ottendorf-Okrilla in the county of Bautzen in Saxony
Pembroke (Malta) in Malta


Primitive abundant number

In math, a primitive abundant number is a special kind of abundant number. Its proper divisors, however, must all be deficient numbers(numbers whose sum of proper divisors are less than 2 times that number).
For example, 20 is a primitive abundant number because:


The first few primitive abundant numbers are 20, 70, 88, 104, 272, 304, 368, 464, 550, 572 ... 

The smallest odd primitive abundant number is 945.

Every multiple of a primitive abundant number is abundant .

Every abundant number is a multiple of either a primitive abundant number or a multiple of a perfect number.

Every primitive abundant number is either a primitive semiperfect number or a weird number.

There is an infinite amount of primitive abundant numbers.

Polynesian mythology

The Polynesian narrative or Polynesian mythology are the oral traditions of the Polynesian people.



Palembang people

Palembangese or Palembang Malay (Palembang: "Uwong Pelémbang") are indigenous ethnic group native to the Palembang regions in southern Sumatra, Indonesia. There are around 3,800,000 Palembang living in Indonesia.

The Palembang culture is one of the oldest civilisations in Indonesia. Especially they flourished in the southern hempishere of Sumatra.

According to its prominent role, the Palembang Malay people are categorized under two classifications. They are the "Wong Jero/Wong Jeroo" ( 'aristocrats') and "Wong Jabo" ( 'regular people'). Palembangese noble titles are highly influenced by the Javanese nobility system due to the Javanese royals relationship with the Palembangese royals.








Teuku Iskandar

Teuku Iskandar was an Indonesian scholar, literary critic, lexicographer, historian, and nobleman. He was one of the native Indonesians of Acehnese who wanted to find explore the historical records of the indigenous civilizations of the Indonesian island of Sumatra (mainly revolve about the literatures of Acehnese, as well as Malay). In the modern days, Teuku Iskandar considered as the linguistic father of Standard Malay, a standardized form of Malay which heavily based on the Standard Indonesian linguistic elements.

Teuku Iskandar was born at the district of Trienggadeng in the Pidie Jaya regencial territory of Aceh (part of modern-day Indonesia). He was a native Acehnese who was born to a father who were an Aceh's "uleebalang" ( in Acehnese). His front name "Teuku" indicated that he was originally from notable Acehnese family background.

In 1947, a day after Queen Juliana appointed as regent, the 18-year-old Teuku Iskandar was able to continue his study at Leiden University in Leiden (part of the Netherlands).

In 1955, he earned his doctorate from Leiden University with a dissertation which was later published as a book, "De Hikajat Atjeh" (). Topics related to Aceh has become his personal interest due to his personal ancestry background, which later also became his main topic of his dissertation. His interest was mainly driven by his personal background because at that time he was part of the first-known generation of Acehnese who studied at the Leiden University in Netherlands. Moreover, at that time he was motivated by the fact that there were not as many books written by native Indonesians that discuss about the state of Aceh and its natives (the Acehnese people and Acehnese language). In addition, Teuku Iskandar adore the Acehnese culture so much, as he told to his children.

In the 1960s, Teuku Iskandar asked by Sukarno (the first president of Indonesia) to be part of the founders of a state university in the state of Aceh, which later publicly known as the Syiah Kuala University, which he was briefly served as the dean for the Faculty of Economics for several years.

His diligence in studying the Malay literature as one of the indigenous languages of Sumatra (and also the native culture of Sumatra in general) attracted another countries interest, such as the federation of Malaysia who had no capable linguists or even scholars at that time (as Malaysia was developed as newly created country), he was offered to work at the "Dewan Pustaka dan Bahasa" () of Malaysia. During his tenure, Teuku Iskandar asked by the Malaysia's linguistic council to copied the "Bahasa Indonesia dan Pembakuannya" () and "Kamus Besar Bahasa Indonesia" () who were developed by Raja Ali Haji (an Indonesian Bugis scholar) since 19th century and Anton Moeliono in 1969 to re-branded and claimed it as the "Kamus Dewan" () that published in 1970 and designated as the main linguistic reference for the Malay language in the region (which later also known as Malaysian Malay). At the same time, he was also asked by the Sultan of Brunei Darussalam to become a lecture at the University of Brunei Darussalam and he received a professorship from the university. His works are still used as the main linguistic source for the Standard Malay until nowadays in all respective Malay-speaking countries (which may include Singapore).

Teuku Iskandar later returned to Leiden to serve as the lecturer. Within his alma-mater (Leiden University) educational environment, he became a prominent and ultimate professor for Acehnese and Malay literature, and also gave special classes in the Acehnese language. As an Acehnese enthusiast, he also continued to produce his works related to Aceh including "the Catalog of Acehnese Manuscripts" (compiled with Voorhoeve), two large volumes of "the Catalog of Malay, Minangkabau and South Sumatra, and Manuscripts" (in the Netherlands).

Studying classical literary manuscripts is a job that not many people can do. It takes passion, perseverance, thoroughness and high concentration. But, indeed, such qualities seem to be attached to Teuku Iskandar. "Dad really likes history and art", said Tjut Njak Ubit Iskandar who are the second daughter of Teuku Iskandar. Teuku Iskandar is very thorough even in reading the books he referenced.

As a close daughter, Tjut Njak Ubit Iskandar often found his father's handwritten notes in reference books, which indicated that the information in the books could be referenced or questioned. Ubit also said that his father is the type of person who reads and contemplates a lot. Despite his abundant knowledge, he is not an 'outsider' or talkative person. Not all of his interlocutors can also make him interested in talking. But if he meets someone he thinks is sharp-minded, this father of three will be an extraordinary storyteller. “When there is a moment like that, my mother usually asks me to bring a recording device to save the interesting conversation,” recalls Ubit.

Teuku Iskandar was also a scholar and person who holds principles. He's not the kind of person who wants to please others but rather be himself. In Ubit's eyes, his father was not interested in politics even though he loved Sumatran (especially Acehnese and Malay) culture very much, he was an intellectual who carried himself as a citizen of the world. Also, not many people know that Teuku Iskandar is very fond of architectural history. According to Ubit, it can be said that his father's first love was precisely in architecture. However, because his chemistry skills were not sufficient to become a scholar of architecture, he then chose to study literature.

Teuku Iskandar's passion for architecture can be found in his residence in Jakarta which he designed himself. He also built a rest house with an English garden-style garden in Bogor, which he also designed his own architecture. At his home in the Netherlands, Teuku Iskandar designed a fireplace made of wood from a bridge from the 17th century with Acehnese decorations. One of his other hobbies is sketching. Teuku also once conveyed his dream to his sons and daughters, he wanted to build a farmhouse in Aceh. "I have a dream (to develop) in Aceh", Ubit remembers his father.

In one of his works, a book that discusses "Bustanas-Salatin" by Nuruddin ar-Ranniry, Teuku Iskandar asked Ubit to translate it into English. For years, the father and daughter studied books by 17th century clerics who were read by scholars and sultans in the Aceh Kingdom. For Ubit, it was a wonderful experience that was unforgettable.

As a respected scholar (mainly in Indonesia and Southeast Asia), Teuku Iskandar was known as a very down-to-earth person. Tjut Rosmanida, his first daughter who lived in Medan, said, “Father is a humble and simple person. His demeanor is mediocre. When you go home to Aceh, you always ask for Acehnese food to be cooked. He likes all Acehnese dishes.” A valuable lesson from his father that he always reminded him to be proud to be an Acehnese and proud to speak the Acehnese language.

Teuku Iskandar was officially awarded in 2017 as the ‘"Satyalancana Budaya"’, an award by the national government of the Republic Indonesia due to his revolutionary and persistent works, especially in revivifying the indigenous Sumatran linguistics and cultures (mainly revolve about Acehnese, as well as Malay).



Borislav Ivkov

Borislav Ivkov (November 12, 1933 – February 14, 2022) was a Serbian chess Grandmaster. He was a World championship candidate in 1965. He played in four more Interzonal tournaments, in 1967, 1970, 1973, and 1979. Ivkov was born in Belgrade, then-Yugoslavia. He was a three-time Yugoslav Champion (1958, 1963, 1972) and was the first World Junior Champion in 1951.

Ivkov died on February 14, 2022 at the age of 88.

Berit Berthelsen

Berit Berthelsen ( Tøien, 25 April 1944 – 13 February 2022) was a Norwegian athlete. She represented IL Tyrving. He also was part of the national team. She was known for participating in long jump and sprints events. She finished seventh at the 1964 Summer Olympics and ninth at the 1968 Summer Olympics. She won a bronze medal at the 1969 European Athletics Championships.

Berthelsen died on 13 February 2022, at the age of 77.

Almost perfect number

In math, an almost perfect number (also called slightly defective or least deficient number) is a type of natural number "n". The sum of "n"'s divisors must be equal to 2"n" − 1. Every known almost perfect number is a power of 2 and has non-negative exponents .
For example, the divisors of 32 are 1, 2, 4, 8, 16 and 32. The sum of those is 63. 32 ⋅ 2 - 1 is 63. This makes 32 an almost perfect number.
The only known odd almost perfect number 1. An odd almost perfect number that's not 1 is possible. It would, however, have to have six prime factors.


Daniel Passent

Daniel Passent (28 April 1938 – 14 February 2022) was a Polish journalist, politician and writer. He was the author of the "En passant" blog, which was appearing as a column in a Polish weekly "Polityka". Passent was born in modern-day Ivano-Frankivsk, Ukraine. Passent was the Ambassador of Chile from 1997 until 2002.

Passent died on 14 February 2022, at the age of 83.

Željko Mijač

Željko Mijač (13 January 1954 – 14 February 2022) was a Croatian football manager and player.

During his playing career he played with HNK Hajduk Split (1974–76; 43/10) and NK Rijeka (1976–81; 72/7) in the Yugoslav First League. He ended his career playing in Italy in 1987.

Mijač was the coach of Standard de Liège during 1999. He then worked as assistant coach of Bahrain national team, Hajduk Split, Persepolis and Rah Ahan.

Mijač died on 14 February 2022, at the age of 68.

Aled Roberts

Aled Roberts (17 May 1962 – 13 February 2022) was a Welsh politician. He was born in Rhosllannerchrugog, Wrexham. He was an elected member of the National Assembly for Wales from 2011 until 2016. He was a member of the Welsh Liberal Democrats party. 

On 1 April 2019 he was appointed Welsh Language Commissioner by the Welsh Government.

Roberts died on 13 February 2022, at the age of 59.

Rhosllanerchrugog

Rhosllanerchrugog (also spelled Rhosllannerchrugog, ), is a large village and community in Wrexham County Borough, Wales. It lies within the historic county of Denbighshire. It had a population of 25,362.

Nolan Williams (politician)

Roy Nolan Williams Jr. (August 15, 1941 – February 12, 2022) was an American politician. Williams was born in Dale County, Alabama. He taught school in Virginia and in Florida. He was a member of the Alabama House of Representatives from 1975 until 1995. 

Williams died on February 12, 2022 in Newton, Alabama at the age of 80.

Ted Mappus

Theodore Tobias Mappus Jr. (July 20, 1926 – February 11, 2022) was an American politician. Mappus was born in Charleston, South Carolina. He was in the South Carolina House of Representatives from 1987 to 1991 and was a Republican. 

Mappus died on February 11, 2022 in Charleston at the age of 95.

Tom McCormick (politician)

Thomas Ferguson McCormick (January 2, 1926 – February 10, 2022) was an American politician. McCormick was born in Brooklyn, New York. He was elected to the New Hampshire House of Representatives in 2002 as a Republican, and lost his re-election bid in 2004. 

McCormick died on February 10, 2022, at the age of 96 at his home in New London, New Hampshire.

New London, New Hampshire

New London is a town in Merrimack County, New Hampshire, United States. The population was 4,400 at the 2020 census.

Valerio Carrara

Valerio Carrara (3 March 1951 – 9 February 2022) was an Italian politician. He was a member of Italy of Values, Forza Italia, and The People of Freedom. He was in the Senate of the Republic from 2001 to 2013. Carrara was born in Oltre il Colle, Italy.

Carrara died in Seriate, Italy on 9 February 2022, at the age of 70.

Oltre il Colle

Oltre il Colle (Bergamasque: ) is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is located about northeast of Milan and about northeast of Bergamo.

Seriate

Seriate ( Bergamasque: [] ) is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Bergamo in the Italian region of Lombardy. It is located about northeast of Milan and about southeast of Bergamo.

Hans-Ulrich Klose (politician, born 1935)

Hans-Ulrich Klose (29 March 1935 – 7 February 2022) was a German politician. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany. He was in the Landtag of North Rhine-Westphalia from 1985 to 2005. 

Klose died in Korschenbroich, Germany on 7 February 2022, at the age of 86.

Korschenbroich

Korschenbroich is a city in the Rhein-Kreis Neuss, in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Iwao Matsuda

Matsuda died from problems caused by hypoglycemia on 3 February 2022 in Gifu City, at the age of 84.

Paul Danahy

Paul William Danahy Jr. (April 19, 1928 – February 1, 2022) was an American Democratic politician and lawyer. He was in the Florida House of Representatives from 1967 to 1974. He was later a judge on the Florida District Court of Appeals. Danahy was born in Hopkinton, Massachusetts.

Danahy died in Tampa, Florida on February 1, 2022, at the age of 93.

Hopkinton, Massachusetts

Hopkinton is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts, United States. At the 2020 census, the town had a population of 18,758.

Deaths in 2022

The following is a list of notable deaths in 2022. For deaths that should be noted before the month that the world is in, please see "Months". Names under each date are noted in the order of the alphabet by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are noted here also if it is worth noting.




David Fuller (politician)

David Edward Fuller (July 28, 1941 – February 5, 2022) was an American politician. Fuller was born in Helena, Montana. He was a Democrat. Fuller was in the Montana Senate from 1983 until 1987.

Fuller died on February 5, 2022 in East Helena, Montana from problems caused by COVID-19 at the age of 80.

Richard Wiseman

Richard J. Wiseman (born 17 September 1966) is a British humanist, psychologist and writer. He was a Professor of the Public Understanding of Psychology at the University of Hertfordshire in the United Kingdom. He has written several best-selling popular psychology books that have been translated into over 30 languages. 

He is a fellow for the Committee for Skeptical Inquiry.

Ricou Browning

Ricou Browning (February 16, 1930 – February 27, 2023) was an American director, actor, producer, screenwriter, underwater cinematographer and stuntman. He was best known for his underwater stunt work, playing the Gill-man in "Creature from the Black Lagoon", "Revenge of the Creature" and "The Creature Walks Among Us". He was the last surviving original actor to play any of the Universal Classic Monsters. Browning also co-created "Flipper".

Browning directed the underwater sequences in 1965's "Thunderball", the fourth James Bond movie by Eon Productions. 

Browning died on February 27, 2023 at his home in Southwest Ranches, Florida at the age of 93.

Halyna Sevruk

Halyna Sylvestrivna Sevruk (18 May 1929 – 13 February 2022) was a Uzbek-born Ukrainian artist. She was known for her ceramics and mosaics. Her art was related to Ukrainian history and culture. She was a member of the Sixtiers, a dissident movement of intellectuals in the Soviet Union in the 1960s. Sevruk was born in Samarkand, Uzbekistan.

Sevruk died on 13 February 2022, at the age of 92.

Serdar Berdimuhamedow

Serdar Gurbanguliyevich Berdimuhamedov (; ; born 22 September 1981) is a Turkmen politician. He is the 3rd and current President of Turkmenistan since 2022.

He is the only son of Turkmenistan's dictator Gurbanguly Berdimuhamedow.

From 2016 until 2019, he was a member of the Assembly of Turkmenistan. From 2019 until 2020, he was the Governor of the Ahal Region.

Assembly of Turkmenistan

The Assembly () is the lower house of the National Council of Turkmenistan. It has 125 members, elected for five-year terms in single-seat constituencies.

National Council of Turkmenistan

The National Council of Turkmenistan () is Turkmenistan's bicameral national legislative body or parliament. The upper chamber is the People's Council () and the lower chamber is the Assembly (). The National Council was created in March 2021 after election of members to the upper chamber.

People's Council of Turkmenistan

The Halk Maslahaty (, ]; "People's Council") is the upper chamber of Turkmenistan's Parliament, the "National Council" (). It is made up of 56 members, 48 elected from the five provinces and the capital city of Ashgabat, and 8 appointed by the president.

John Constantine

John Constantine () is an antihero who appears in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is the lead character of the comic books "Hellblazer" (1988–2013), "Constantine" (2013–2015), "Constantine: The Hellblazer" (2015–2016), "The Hellblazer" (2016–2018), and "John Constantine: Hellblazer" (2020–2021).

Constantine is a English working-class warlock, detective, and con man from Liverpool. Constantine's physical appearance was based on the musician Sting. The "Hellblazer" series was the longest-running and most successful title of DC's Vertigo imprint. IGN ranked him number 29 in its Top 100 Comic Book Heroes.

Constantine is known for the fact that some of the people who wrote his stories have claimed to see him apparently showing up in real life even though he is a fictional character.

John Constantine made his first live appearance in the 2005 movie "Constantine" played by Keanu Reeves.

Isis (DC Comics)

Isis is a DC Comics superhero, as well as a separate Egyptian goddess also living in the DC Universe. The superhero character is inspired by the main character in "The Secrets of Isis", a live-action American Saturday morning television program.

The DC Universe in 2006 as a female version of the character Black Adam, a part of the "Shazam!" family of characters.

The character is set to make her first movie appearance in "Black Adam" (2022), being played by Sarah Shahi.

Pitfall: The Lost Expedition

Pitfall: The Lost Expedition is a pair of action-adventure video game, it was developed by Edge of Reality and published by Activision. One of the most Nintendo GameCube games, and other consoles such as; PlayStation 2, Game Boy Advance, Xbox, and Microsoft Windows. Originally released in 2004. It was released also on digiBLAST and later Wii as Pitfall: The Big Adventure , released in 2006 and 2008. It is the final installment of "Pitfall!" series.


Bianca Gonzalez

Bianca Monica Malasmas Gonzalez-Intal (better known as Bianca Gonzalez; born on March 11, 1983) is a Filipino television personality, model, and celebrity influencer best known for hosting the Pinoy Big Brother TV show on ABS-CBN. She is married to Filipino basketball player JC Intal.


Liemers (dialect)

Liemers is a South Guelderish dialect, which is a Low Franconian sub-dialect. It is spoken in the Liemers, a region in the province of Gelderland, the Netherlands.

Liemers has some influences from neighbouring Achterhooks, which is a Low Saxon dialect.

Kingdom of Heaven (movie)

Kingdom of Heaven is a 2005 American German Spanish British Italian French Moroccan action adventure drama movie directed by Ridley Scott and starring Orlando Broom, Eva Green, Jeremy Irons, David Thewlis, Brendan Gleeson, Marton Csokas, Edward Norton, Iain Glen, Michael Sheen, Ghassan Massoud, Velibor Topić, Martin Hancock, Philip Glenister. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Japhet

According to the Bible, Japhet or Japheth was the oldest son of Noah. His name means "increase". Many think Japhet is the ancestor of the peoples of Europe (like the Indo-European people) and North and Central Asia. 
He had seven sons:

He also had a daughter, Keturah, who married Abraham after the death of his wife Sarah.

Shem

According to the Bible, Shem is one of the sons of Noah. His name means "name" or "famous name". He is said to have populated parts of Asia. He had five sons, Elam, Asshur, Arpachshad, Lud, and Aram. The children of these sons lived in Elam, Assyria, Asia, Lydia, and Syria respectively.

Ham (son of Noah)

Ham, according to the Bible, was Noah's youngest son and the ancestor of the peoples of Africa. His name means "hot".

He had four sons: Cush, Mizraim, Phut, and Canaan. They populated Ethiopia, Egypt, Libya, and the land of Canaan (now Israel) respectively.

According to the Bible's Book of Genesis, Ham spied on his father while he was naked. This angered Noah, who cursed Ham's son Canaan.

TV3 (Malaysian TV network)

TV3 (spelled as Tivi Tiga) is a Malaysian free-to-air television channel. It is owned by Media Prima media company. It was launched on 1 June 1984. TV3 is the first and oldest private television channel in Malaysia.


Arpachshad

According to the Bible, Arpachshad or Arphaxad was the son of Shem, Noah's son. Arpachshad's son Salah was an ancestor of Abraham and Jesus.

Emmerich am Rhein

Emmerich am Rhein (Low Rhenish: "Emmerik") is a town in the Kleve Rural District, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. It had about 31,000 people in 2021.

Emmerich lies on the north bank of the Rhine river and borders the province of Gelderland in the Netherlands.


Boyd Q.C.

Boyd Q.C. is a British courtroom drama series that aired on ITV and was ran for seven series in total with most on the episodes missing. It stars Michael Denison, Russell Waters and Charles Leno.

Polish Underground State

The Polish Underground State (, also known as the Polish Secret State) was a single political and military entity formed by the union of resistance organizations in occupied Poland. They were loyal to the Polish government-in-exile in London.


Bokermannohyla izeckshoni

Izecksohn's tree frog ("Bokermannohyla izeckshoni") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives on the Atlantic side (east) of the country.

The adult frog can grow as large as 5.1 cm from nose to rear end. It is light brown in color with a mottling pattern on its back. It has yellow color on its sides.

The female frog lays eggs in pools of water that dry up for part of the year. Because the male frogs have no vocal sacs, scientists thing the frogs do not have voices.

This frog is in danger of dying out because human beings change the places where it lives. Human beings cut down forests for wood, farms, or places for cows and other animals to eat grass.

Becklingen

Becklingen is a German village in Bergen in the northern part of Celle on the Lüneburg Heath. Previously an independent municipality, it is part of the town Bergen since 1971.

Becklingen is about north of Bergen just off the B 3 federal highway. Its parish includes the villages of Becklingen, Oehus and Tannensieksberg. There is also a hamlet known as Becklingen (Bhf) which has grown up around the old station about a mile from the main village. "Bhf" is the German abbreviation for "Bahnhof" or 'railway station'.



Belsen (Bergen)

Belsen is a village within the German borough of Bergen in the northern part of Celle on the Lüneburg Heath in Lower Saxony. The village, whose original site is about southwest of Bergen, has 331 residents .


Bleckmar

Bleckmar is a village administered by the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in the northern part of Celle on the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany. It is about north of Bergen on the B 3 federal road. It is administratively responsible for the neighbouring hamlet of Dageförde.



Vielen Dank für die Blumen

"" (German: "Thank you very much for the flowers") from "Welcome in my life" () is a German-language schlager pop song by Austrian singer Udo Jürgens and written by Eduardo Lisavetzky and Siegfried Rabe in 1981.

In other media by soundtrack from television and movies included, "Tom and Jerry" in German-language dubbed version of the main title song, along with YouTube's German-dubbed parodic abridged version of "Kid Cosmic" as a satirical theme of the titular character.

Diesten

Diesten is a village in the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in the northern part of Celle on the Lüneburg Heath in northern Germany. It is 20 km north of Celle on "Kreisstraße" K 240.



Eversen (Bergen)

Eversen is a village in the town of Bergen in the northern part of Celle on the Lüneburg Heath in the north German state of Lower Saxony.

Eversen is on the boundary of the Südheide Nature Park about north of the town of Celle and about southwest of Hermannsburg on the L 240 state road that runs from Celle to Hermannsburg. The village is on a sandy island of loess in the glacial valley of the Örtze which was formed in the Weichselian Ice Age. It is responsible for administering the neighbouring hamlets of Feuerschützenbostel and Altensalzkoth and the farmstead of Kohlenbach. Feuerschützenbostel is about 2.5 km to the southwest, Altensalzkoth about 1.5 km southeast and Kohlenbach about 2.5 km southeast of Eversen.



Francis, Duke of Teck

Francis was an Austrian and Hungarian nobleman who married into the British royal family. 


Kohlenbach

Kohlenbach is a village in the parish of Eversen which belongs to the town of Bergen on the Lüneburg Heath in Celle in the north German state of Lower Saxony.


Altensalzkoth

Altensalzkoth is a village in the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in north Germany. It belongs to the parish of Eversen in Celle on the Lüneburg Heath. It is 13 km north of Celle on the "Landesstraße" L 240.


Feuerschützenbostel

Feuerschützenbostel is a hamlet in the town of Bergen in North Germany that belongs to the parish of Eversen. It is 2.5 km west of Eversen.



Hagen (Bergen)

Hagen is a village administered by the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in the northern part of Celle on the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany.


Janusz Góra

Janusz Góra (born 8 July 1963) is a retired Polish footballer. He played for Górnik Wałbrzych, Śląsk Wrocław, Stuttgarter Kickers, SSV Ulm 1846 and FC Augsburg. He also represented the Poland national football team 11 times between 1989 and 1992. After his playing career he became a football coach.

He started his career with SSV Ulm where he coached SSV Ulm II and the first team. 2012 he came to the Red Bull Salzburg Academy where he coached the U16 team and was assistance coach with the U18 team. From 2017 till 2019 he was together with Gerhard Struber coach of FC Liefering in Austrias Second League. In 2019 he was caretaker headcoch of the team. 

After leaving Salzburg he became assistance coach of the Polish Ekstraklasa club Lech Poznań and for one match interim coach in the league game against Legia Warsaw, on 11 April 2021. After this match he became assistance coach with the new Poznan coach Maciej Skorża.

Hassel (Bergen)

Hassel is a village administered by the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in the northern part of Celle on the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany. Previously an independent municipality, it is part of the town Bergen since 1973.

It is about south of Bergen on the B 3 federal road in the glacial valley of the River Örtze. It has an area of . It is administratively responsible for the neighbouring hamlets of Achterberg, Grünewald and Wallerholz.



Nindorf (Bergen)

Nindorf is a village administered by the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in the northern part of Celle on the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany. It is about northwest of Bergen on the B 3 federal road.



Offen, Bergen

Offen is a village administered by the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in the northern part of Celle on the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany.

Offen is about south of Bergen on the B 3 federal road. Offen is also responsible for the neighbouring villages of Bollersen and Katensen.



Highly composite number

A highly composite number in math (also called "anti-prime") is a real number with more divisors than any smaller real number smaller than it.

Jean-Pierre Kahane thought that Plato might have known about highly composite numbers. This is because he chose 5040 as a good number of citizens in a city as 5040 has more divisor than any numbers less than it.

The first 38 highly composite numbers are listed in the table below . The number of divisors is given in the column labeled "d"("n"). The letters with asterisks are also superior highly composite numbers.

The divisor of the first 15 highly composite numbers are shown below.

The table below shows all 72 divisors of 10080 by writing it as a product of two numbers in 36 different ways.

Every highly composite number that is bigger than 6 is also an abundant number. Not all highly composite numbers are also Harshad numbers, however most of them are the same. The first highly composite number that is not a Harshad number is 245,044,800. This number's digit's sum is 27. 27, however, doesn't divide into 245,044,800 evenly.

10 of the first 38 highly composite numbers are also superior highly composite numbers.





Oleksandra Lohviniuk

Oleksandra Lohviniuk (born 8 September 2001) is a Ukrainian track cyclist. 

She won the bronze medal in the team sprint at the 2020 UEC European Track Championships. She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, in the women's team sprint event.

Kseniia Fedotova

Kseniia Fedotova also written as Kseniya Fedotova (Ксения Федотова; born 30 December 1997) is a Ukrainian road and track cyclist. She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, in two events.

Yareli Acevedo

Yareli Acevedo Mendoza (born 29 July 2001) is a Mexican road and track cyclist. She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, in three events.

Mousa Esmaeilpour

Mousa Esmaeilpour Karimi is an Iranian bodybuilder and coach. 

Mousa Esmaeilpour was born on September 21, 1981, in , Iran. Mousa turned into sport due to personal and family interesting in 1996 and he also participated in national competitions and he has won numerous awards. But he left sport due to injuries after four years.



Stella Bail

Stella Bail is a British track cyclist. 

She won the silver medal at the 1958 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, in the women's team pursuit event. The 1958 UCI Track Cycling World Championships where the first Track Cycling World Championships where female competed, and so she is the first British female medalist at the UCI Track Cycling World Championships, next to Kathleen Ray who won bronze.

Ludmilla Kotchetova

Ludmilla Kotchetova (12 July 1929 – 4 November 2010) is a Soviet track cyclist. She became national champion in the individual pursuit in 1956. At the 1958 UCI Track Cycling World Championships she became the first ever female world champion in the women's individual pursuit event. The next year at the 1959 UCI Track Cycling World Championships she won the bronze medal.

Viktoriia Yaroshenko

Viktoriia Yaroshenko (born 12 July 1999) is a Ukrainian road and track cyclist. She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.


Marianis Salazar

Marianis Salazar Sanchez (born 11 May 2003) is a Colombian track cyclist. She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Alla Biletska

Alla Biletska (born 19 May 2003) is a Ukrainian track cyclist. She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Fanny Cauchois

Fanny Cauchois (born 11 January 2001) is a French-Laotian track cyclist. She represents Laos at international competitions, including at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Adelina Corbanese

Adelina Corbanese (29 March 1966 – 20 October 2021) was an Italian rugby union player. She was a member of the Italy women's national rugby union team (1986-2003) and Red Panthers [it] (1985-2003). With the national team she became European champion at the 2002 FIRA Women's European Nations Cup. After her playing career in 2003 she became coach of the Red Panthers.

She died on 20 October 2021, aged 55.

Nikola Sibiak

Nikola Sibiak (born 21 June 2000) is a Polish track cyclist. She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Fuko Umekawa

Fuko Umekawa (born 1 March 1991) is a Japanese track cyclist. She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships. 

Yarli Mosquera Quiceno

Yarli Mosquera Quiceno (born 13 December 2001) is a Colombian track cyclist. She became champion in the team sprint at the 2021 Pan American Track Cycling Championships. She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Basters

The Basters are a Southern African ethnic group descended from Europeans and Bantu peoples, many are of Khoisan origin. Basters are closely related to Afrikaners, Cape Coloured and Griqua peoples of South Africa, who share the Afrikaans language.

Since the 18th century, the Basters lived in the Dutch Cape Colony. Since the 1850’s, the Baster community mainly lives in central Namibia, around the town of Rehoboth. 

The name "Baster" is derived from "", the Dutch word for "bastard". Some people consider this term disrespectful and inappropriate. The Basters reappropriated it as a proud name, part of their ancestry and history, despite of the negative meaning. 

The current population of Basters is unclear, around 35,000 and 40,000 are estimated. Baster culture and identity might disappear. Modern Namibia's politics and public life is largely dominated by the ethnic Owambo people, nearly half of the Namibian population, and their culture. Baster politicians and activists have called Owambo policies oppressive towards their minority.

Chhota Bheem and the Throne of Bali

Chhota Bheem and the Throne of Bali is a 2013 Indian animated movie. It was written and directed by Rajiv Chilaka. The movie was also produced by him and Samir Jain. The movie is based on the Indian animated series Chhota Bheem. It is the sixteenth movie in the Chhota Bheem series. It is the second movie in the series to be released directly to movie theatres. Distributed by Yash Raj Films, it was released in four different languages (English, Hindi, Tamil, and Telugu). The movie got mixed reviews. It had its television premiere on Hungama TV on July 17, 2013. It was released in the United States on February 1, 2014. The movie was shown on Pogo TV on January 30, 2021. It was voted best animated movie of 2013 by IBNLive.

On their visit to Bali for the coronation of the state's prince, Chhota Bheem and his friends learn that the state is captured by witch Rangda. Along with his friends, he sets out to save Bali.



Merak

Merak or Beta Ursae Majoris is a star in the constellation Ursa Major. It is a white star three times larger than the Sun. It is a part of an asterism called the Big Dipper.


Dubhe

Dubhe or Alpha Ursae Majoris is a red giant star in the constellation of Ursa Major. It is 27 times wider than the Sun.

Epsilon Ursae Majoris

Epsilon Ursae Majoris or Alioth is a white star in the Ursa Major constellation.

Alkaid

Alkaid or Eta Ursae Majoris is a white star in the Ursa Major constellation.


Nefertari

Nefertari, also known as Nefertari Meritmut, was an Egyptian queen, She was the first of the Great Royal Wives (or principal wives) of Ramesses the Great.

Nefertari's family is unknown, but the name Pharaoh Ay was discovered in her tomb. It is believed that she was related to him and may be his granddaughter. However, there is no direct evidence linking Nefertari to the royal family of the Eighteenth Dynasty.

Nefertari married Ramesses II before he became the king of Egypt, She had at least four sons and two daughters. Amun-Hor-Khebeshef, Parheroenemph who served in the army of Ramesses II, Prince Meryatum who was high priest of Ra and Prince Mery-Ra is her fourth son that is mentioned at Abu Simbel.

Meritamen and Henuttaw were also queen Nefertari's daughters 
Nefertari was the wife of Ramesses II, an ancient Egyptian pharaoh. They are often shown together in statues in Luxor and Karnak Temple. In Western Thebes, there are also mentions of Nefertari on a group of statues from Deir el-Bahari. The most important honor for Nefertari was in Abu Simbel. There, she is shown in statue at the great temple of Abu simbel, and the small temple is built to her and the goddess Hathor. The buulding of these temples began during the reign of Ramesses II, around year 25 of his reign, but they were not finished until ten years later.

Nefertari was a very important person at the court. She was friends with the queen of Hitties, and they wrote letters to each other. These letters were found in a place called Hattusas, which is now called Boghazkoy in Turkey. The letters mention Nefertari as “Naptera.” She gave presents to the king’s wife, Puduhepa.

She sent a a message to Puduhepa, the Great Queen of the Hitties land. She wishes her to be well and hopes that her country is also doing well. She has learned that Puduhepa is worried about her health and is happy for their good friendship and the strong relationship between the king of Egypt and Hitties. She believes that the Storm god will bring peace and ensure that the good relationship between the Egyptian king and the Hatti king lasts forever.

The most important and famous of Ramesses' Queen consorts was discovered in 1904. The tomb of Nefertari is extremely important, because its magnificent wall painting is regarded as one of the greatest examples of ancient Egyptian art.

A flight of steps cut out of the rock makes it possible to go to the antechamber. This is decorated with paintings based on chapter 17 of the Book of the Dead. The astronomical ceiling represents the heavens and is painted in dark blue, with many golden five-pointed stars. The east wall of the antechamber is interrupted by a large opening with paintings of Osiris and Anubis. This leads to the side chamber, decorated with offering scenes. A vestibule with paintings shows Nefertari being presented to the gods, who welcome her. On the north wall of the antechamber is the stairway that goes down to the burial chamber. This is a vast quadrangular room covering a surface area of about , the astronomical ceiling of which is supported by four pillars entirely covered with decoration.


Villanueva, Cortés

Villanueva is a city in Honduras. It has a population of 77,250 (2020 calculation). It is also a municipality in the Honduran department of Cortés.

Kamila Valieva

Kamila Valeryevna Valieva (; ; born 26 April 2006) is a Russian figure skater.

She is the 2022 European champion, 2021 Rostelecom Cup champion, 2021 Skate Canada International champion, 2023 Russian national and 2021 Russian National silver medalist.

! colspan="3" style="border-top: 5px solid #78FF78;" |World Record Holders

! colspan="3" style="border-top: 5px solid #78FF78;" |World Junior Record Holders

Tha Carter

Tha Carter is the fourth studio album by American rapper Lil Wayne. It was released on June 29, 2004.

Sogdiana

Sogdia () or Sogdiana was an ancient Iranian civilization in present-day Uzbekistan, Tajikistan, Kazakhstan, and Kyrgyzstan.



A Show of Force

A Show of Force is a 1990 American Puerto Rican thriller movie directed by Bruno Barreto and based on the novel "Murder Under Two Flags" by Anne Nelson. It stars Kevin Spacey, Amy Irving, Andy García, Lou Diamond Phillips, Robert Duvall, Erik Estrada and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. The members of the police are people who are not necessarily biological relatives of people from the European continent, the friendship of the members of the police is not reconfirmed with Governor Luis Muñoz Marín who cannot engage in conversation with any of the children of the members of the police. police officers who are studying at the college of attorneys authorized by the "estado libre asociado de Puerto Rico", in 1968 Mr. Former governor Luis Muñoz Marín in a very personal elevation does not speak with members of the Puerto Rican police or with his student children, but in his inspiration which has to do with his nationality and his customs he travels to the deepest homeland in Europe to speak with his family friends who died by then, but some are alive on the European continent. The definition of "Show of Force" means that the newscast issues notifications that reach the viewer for reasons of spiritisms, but that did not necessarily occur, because the police are not the right hand of the members of the government, but it is done a demonstration of "show of force", even though it is the "estado libre asociado de United States", not a province of the European continent. 


P. J. O'Rourke

Patrick Jake O'Rourke (November 14, 1947 – February 15, 2022) was an American political satirist and journalist. O'Rourke was the H. L. Mencken Research Fellow at the libertarian Cato Institute. He was a correspondent for "The Atlantic Monthly", "The American Spectator", and "The Weekly Standard". He appeared on National Public Radio's game show "Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me!" He was a columnist at "The Daily Beast" from 2011 to 2016.

In September 2008, O'Rourke announced that he had been diagnosed with treatable anal cancer.

O'Rourke died from lung cancer at his home in Sharon, New Hampshire on February 15, 2022, at the age of 74.

Jeong Changhwa

Jeong Changhwa (; 7 July 1940 – 15 February 2022) was a South Korean politician. He was a member of the Democratic Justice Party and later the Grand National Party. He was in the National Assembly from 1981 to 1992 and again from 1998 to 2004. 

Jeong died on 15 February 2022, at the age of 81.

Arnaldo Jabor

Arnaldo Jabor (12 December 1940 – 15 February 2022) was a Brazilian movie director, producer, screenwriter, journalist and political commentator. He worked for Rede Globo. His career began in 1965 and he retired in 1990. His best known movies were "Pindorama" (1970), "All Nudity Shall Be Punished" (1973), "Everything's Alright" (1978), "I Love You" (1981) and "Love Me Forever or Never" (1986).

Jabor died at a hospital in São Paulo, Brazil on 15 February 2022 from problems caused by a stroke, aged 81.

Youhanna Golta

Youhanna Golta (27 January 1937 – 15 February 2022) was an Egyptian Coptic Catholic hierarch. He was born in Cairo, Egypt. He became a priest in 1960. He was auxiliary and curial bishop of the Coptic Catholic Patriarchate of Alexandria, Egypt, from 1986 until his retirement in 2020. 

Gotta died on 15 February 2022, at the age of 85.

David Chidgey, Baron Chidgey

David William George Chidgey, Baron Chidgey (9 July 1942 – 15 February 2022) was a British Liberal Democrat politician. He was Member of Parliament (MP) for Eastleigh from 1994 to 2005. He became a member of the House of Lords in 2005.

Chidgey died on 15 February 2022, at the age of 79.

Alan J. Greiman

Alan Joel Greiman (December 29, 1931 – February 14, 2022) was an American lawyer and politician. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He practiced law in Skokie, Illinois. Greiman was in the Illinois House of Representatives from 1972 to 1987 and was a Democrat. 

Greiman died on February 14, 2022, at the age of 90.

Emanuel Marx

Emanuel Marx (8 May 1927 – 13 February 2022) was a German-born Israeli social anthropologist. He was the Professor Emeritus in the Department of Sociology and Anthropology at Tel Aviv University. He was a winner of the Israel Prize in 1998 for sociological research. He was an honorary member of the British Royal Anthropological Institute.

Marx died on 13 February 2022 in Tel Aviv, Israel at the age of 94.

Dasril Panin Datuk Labuan

Dasril Panin Datuk Labuan (6 August 1947 – 13 February 2022) was an Indonesian politician. He was a member of Golkar and later the Indonesian Democratic Party of Struggle. He was in the People's Representative Council from 1982 to 1987 and again from 1993 to 2003. Datuk Labuan was born in Pulau Punjung, West Sumatra, Dutch East Indies.

Datuk Labuan died at a hospital in Bukittinggi, Indonesia on 13 February 2022, at the age of 74.

Voiced labiodental fricative

The voiced labiodental fricative is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is . The English language has this sound, and it is the sound represented by 'v' in "very" and "division". 

See also in retroflex

counterpart


Günter Maschke

Günter Maschke (15 January 1943 – 7 February 2022) was a German political scientist. He was known as a supporter of the "Nouvelle Droite". Maschke was a journalist for "Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung". He worked for multiple newspapers, including "Junge Freiheit".

Maschke died in Frankfurt, Germany from diabetes-related problems on 7 February 2022, at the age of 79.

Voiceless labiodental fricative

The voiceless labiodental fricative is a type of consonant. The letter for this sound in the International Phonetic Alphabet is ⟨⟩. The X-SAMPA symbol for this sound is ⟨f⟩. The English language has this sound, and it is the sound represented by 'f' in "fear" and "face".


Mr. Lucky (TV series)

Mr. Lucky is an American adventure drama series that aired from 24 October, 1959 to 18 June, 1960 on CBS. It stars John Vivyan, Ross Martin, Tom Brown, Pippa Scott and was created by Blake Edwards.

6th Army (Wehrmacht)

The 6th Army was a German army unit during World War II. It was well known for earning a lot of awards before it's defeat by the Soviets at the Battle of Stalingrad in the winter of 1942-1943. It had also been known for the mass killings of many Jews.


Aitkin, Minnesota

Aitkin is the county seat of Aitkin County, Minnesota, United States.

Bokermannohyla carvalhoi

Carvalho's tree frog ("Bokermannohyla carvalhoi") is a frog that lives in Brazil.

Glossary of vexillology

Vexillology is the study and collection of information about flags. This is a glossary of terms used in vexillology.

Flags often inherit traits seen in traditional European designs. As a result, patterns often share names.

Triprion spinosus

The spiny-headed tree frog, spine-headed tree frog, crowned hyla, coronated tree frog, or spinyhead tree frog ("Triprion spinosus") is a frog that lives in Mexico, Honduras, Costa Rica, Panama and Guatemala. Scientists have seen it between 800 and 2,068 m meters above sea level in Mexico, 95 meters above sea level in Honduras, and 350 and 1330 meters above sea level in Costa Rica and Panama.

This frog used to be the only species in the genus "Anotheca", but then scientists moved it to "Triprion".

The adult male frog is 68 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog is 80 mm long. It has large, bony head with spines on it. In adult frogs, the skin has partially grown into the bone. Younger frogs do not have this. These frogs are dark brown in color, black bellies, and white sides. Male frogs do not have vocal slits in their throats, but they can sing anyway.

The female frog lays her eggs in holes in trees. First the male frog sits in the hole and sings. Then the female frog comes to him.

The female feeds the tadpoles by laying unfertilized eggs in the water inside the tree hole. Scientists have also seen the same female lay a second clutch of fertilized eggs in the same hole as her first clutch. Then the younger tadpoles disappear. The scientists believe that the older tadpoles eat them.

The tadpoles are white when they first hatch. Later they turn dark brown and blue-gray.

This frog is nearly in danger of dying out but there are fewer of them than there were. This is because human beings change the places where the frog lives. Human beings cut down the forests for wood, farms, towns, and places for animals to eat grass.

Regan, North Dakota

Regan is a city in Burleigh County, North Dakota, United States. Its population was 35 in 2020. Regan was founded in 1912.

Regan is in the coordinates (47.157318, −100.529396). The city is of land.
Regan's climate has lots of temperature changes throughout the seasons. It's usually very hot and humid in the summers and cold in the winters. Regan has a humid continental climate.


Bappi Lahiri

Alokesh Lahiri (27 November 1952 – 15 February 2022), popularly known as Bappi Lahiri, was an Indian singer, composer, politician and record producer. He was known for his use of synthesized disco music in Indian cinema. Lahiri was born in Jalpaiguri, West Bengal, India.

He worked on the movies "Wardat", "Disco Dancer", "Namak Halaal", "Sharaabi", "Dance Dance", "Commando", "Saaheb", "Gang Leader" and "Sailaab". His career began in 1972 and he retired in 2020.

Lahiri voice dubbed Elton John in "" (2017) and Jemaine Clement in "Moana" (2016).

Lahiri joined the Bharatiya Janata Party in 2014. He was the unsuccessful BJP candidate for the Lok Sabha in 2014.

Lahiri died at a Mumbai hospital on 15 February 2022, aged 69. The cause of death was a lung infection caused by obstructive sleep apnea.

Sandy Nelson

Sander Lloyd Nelson (December 1, 1938 – February 14, 2022) was an American rock drummer. Nelson was one of the best-known rock drummers of the early 1960s. He was born in Santa Monica, California. His career began in 1959. His best known singles were "Teen Beat" and "Let There Be Drums".

Nelson died under hospice care in Las Vegas, Nevada on February 14, 2022 at the age of 83.

Jaya

Jaya, a stunning name with origins in Sanskrit, is widely used in India and other regions of the globe as a unisex name. The term "Jaya" is derived from the Sanskrit word "jay," which signifies triumph or accomplishment.The pronunciation of the name is / (ˈdʒɑːjə) /. This is a unique name (not in the top 1000 newborn names in the US in 2021).


Calendar Girl (1993 movie)

Calendar Girl is a 1993 American comedy-drama movie directed by first time director John Whitesell and starring Jason Priestley, Jerry O'Connell, Gabriel Olds, Kurt Fuller, Luis Tiant, Lisa Stahl Sullivan, Chubby Checker, Maxwell Caulfield. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures. It suffered from poor reviews.


Salah (Biblical figure)

According to the Bible, Salah or Shelah was an ancestor of Jesus and Abraham. He was the son of Arpachshad and the father of Eber.

Eber

According to the Bible, Eber was an ancestor of Jesus and Abraham. He was the son of Salah and the father of two sons, Peleg and Joktan. Jesus and Abraham came through Peleg's line. Some people think the word "Hebrew" comes from his name.

Joktan

Joktan, according to the Bible, was the second son of Eber. Genesis 10:30 says that his sons populated South Asia, east of Israel. Joktan had thirteen sons named Almodad, Sheleph, Hazarmaveth, Jerah, Hadoram, Uzal, Diklah, Obal, Abimael, Sheba, Ophir, Havilah, and Jobab.

Havilah

Havilah is a land mentioned a few times in the Bible. No one is sure where it is located, although some suggestions include southern Saudi Arabia, Armenia, and even as far as India.

In the Book of Genesis (Chapter 2), one of the rivers that flows out of the Garden of Eden, the Pishon river, flows through Havilah, which is described as having gold and other precious stones.

It is said to be populated by Ham's grandson and a son of Joktan, both of whom are named Havilah.

Peleg

Peleg, according to the Bible, was one of Eber's sons and an ancestor of Abraham, the Israelites, and Jesus, through his son Reu. His name means "divide". He had one brother, Joktan.

Reu

According to the Bible, Reu was the son of Peleg and the father of Serug. He died at the age of 239.

Serug

According to the Bible, Serug was the son of Reu and the father of Nahor. He died at the age of 230.

Nahor (son of Serug)

According to the Bible, Nahor was the son of Serug and the father of Terah, Abraham's father. He died at the age of 148.

Terah

According to the Bible, Terah was the son of Nahor and the father of Abraham, Nahor II, and Haran. He died at the age of 205 in the city of Haran. He and his children were from the Sumerian city of Ur.

Ashkenaz

According to the Bible, Ashkenaz was the grandson of Japhet, Noah's oldest son.

He was first thought to have been the ancestor of the Scythians, but later Jews thought he was the ancestor of the peoples of Western Europe, especially Germany. So the Jews who settled in Western Europe took on the name Ashkenazi Jews after him.

The Skin I Live In

The Skin I Live In () is a 2011 Spanish American science fiction thriller movie directed by Pedro Almodóvar and was based on the novel "Tarantula" by Thierry Jonquet. It stars Antonio Banderas, Elena Anaya, Marisa Paredes, Jan Cornet, Roberto Álamo, Blanca Suárez.


Hermann Stessl

Hermann Stessl (born 3 September 1940, in Graz) is a former football player and coach from Austria.

Stessl played for Grazer AK. He started his career in 1957. In 1969 he went to FC Dornbirn. He played for one season and ended his career in 1970.
He started as youth coach of SV Leibnitz and playing coach of SV Wolfsberg. Later he coached FC Zürich Grazer AK, FK Austria Wien, AEK Athens, FC Porto, SV Austria Salzburg and Boavista F.C..

His most sucessful time was with FK Austria Wien. He won four Austrian football championships. He also reached the Cup Winners' final of the uropean Cup Winners' Cup 1977-78, losing 4–0 to Belgium's R.S.C. Anderlecht. In 1996 he ended his coaching career.




SC Eisenstadt

SC Eisenstadt was an Austrian association football club from Eisenstadt. It was founded in 1907 and played in the Austrian Football Bundesliga 13 seasons. They last played in the Bundesliga in the 1986-1987 season. It was dissolved in 2008 for financial reasons. In 2018 SC Eisenstadt was newly founded and started in the lowest league (2. Klasse Nord) in Burgenland.




Kao (bull)

Kao (/káo/) is a legendary bull captured by Khuman Khamba in Meitei mythology and folklore of Ancient Moirang. It appears in the legend of "Kao Phaba" (), also known as "Khambana Kao Phaba" () of the Khamba Thoibi epic.
In Meitei (Manipuri), the word "Kao" has many meanings. It may mean (1) to forget, (2) a sacrifice bull or (3) to kick. Here, it means bull. As a noun, it means a stray bull that roams freely instead of living on a ranch or farm. In verbal form, it means to offer a bull as a living sacrifice to God. People also say "Kaoren" or "Kaorel" to talk about the bull. "Kaoren" is made up of two parts, "Kao" and "-ren". "-ren" refers to excellence. So, "Kaoren" or "Kaorel" means "an extraordinary bull", "a powerful bull", "a super bull" or "a supernatural bull".

Once Angom Nongban Kongyamba met fisher women from the Khuman kingdom in a place called Moirang. Both the Khuman kingdom and the Moirang kingdom were on the shores of the Loktak lake.
The women came to Moirang besides having their own fishing area. So, Kongyamba asked them the reason for coming to Moirang. 
The women said that a dangerous bull had killed many people near the water, so they could not fish:
<poem>"There is a great bull that lurks among the reeds of the shores of the lake, and it had claimed life of many. So, we dare not to fish there."</poem> 
Suddenly, an idea came to Kongyamba's mind. He went to the king. He acted as a person possessed by a divine spirit. Kongyamba told the King,
<poem>"God Thangjing had spoken in my ears and I have his behest upon me. Verily said the God, I am sated with offerings of flesh and fish, but this year, my heart longs for the sweet savour of the flesh of the mighty bull that lurks in the reeds that border the water of the lake. My servant Khamba vows that he will bring it for my honor and for the welfare of the State."</poem>
The king called and asked Khamba about his promise. Khamba denied it. There resulted a great conflict between Khamba and Kongyamba. Later, Khamba told the king he would catch the bull if it was the God’s will. 
The king was happy with Khamba. So, he promised him he could marry Princess Thoibi if he did catch the bull. Minister Thonglen put seven marks on the lintel post of the capital city. It was the record of the King's promise.

The king of Moirang sent an embassy to the king of Khuman. The embassy proposed to organize the great sport of capturing the wild bull. The Khuman king agreed. A grand Colosseum was built for the event. The Colosseum could hold a capacity of the audiences from both the two kingdoms.

Khamnu revealed a secret to Khamba. She said that the bull had once belonged to their father. She told him that if Khamba told the bull their father's name, it would be tame and gentle:
<poem>"This great bull was once the Lord of your father's herd. Go to him, speak your father's name in his ear, and show him this Rope of silk."</poem>
On the day of the adventure, Khamba stood face to face with the bull. The bull ran towards him with its dangerous horns. Khamba bent a little to the side. The people watching asked him if he was afraid. Khamba answered that he was waiting for a good position. Then, he stood on firm ground and caught the bull. The strong bull carried him away into the thick woods.
Khamba did everything as his sister had told him to do. Immediately, the wild bull became tame and gentle. Khamba brought the bull back.
On the way back, Kongyamba came to him before anyone saw them. Kongyamba pretended to help Khamba to hold the bull. Kongyamba held the rope. When everyone saw, Kongyamba claimed that he had captured the bull. He added that he even rescued Khamba who had fallen into the ditch. Once again, there was a great conflict between Khamba and Kongyamba over the claim. The two kings could not find out who was right. So, Kongyamba was asked to fight the bull within an enclosure. But Kongyamba was afraid of the bull. He climbed up on the heights to save himself. Khamba faced the bull bravely. He once again captured the bull.

In popular culture, Kao appears in arts, books, movies, theatres and many others.
In 2001, Khambana Kao Phaba (painting) was kept in the permanent collection of the Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya (IGRMS) Museum, Bhopal, India.
In July 2019, the painting was selected as the "Exhibit of the Month" in the same museum.

In 2011, ""Kao, the sacred bull"" was produced by the Laihui Ensemble. This theatrical show was based on the story of the bull Kao. According to the story, an Oracle said that the King of Moirang will soon die and his people will lead miserable life. The only solution told was to offer the powerful bull roaming in the Khuman kingdom to God Thangjing. Orphan Khuman Khamba was chosen to capture the bull. He was known for his bravery and goodness. To capture the bull with no harm to it was not easy. Khamba's motherly sister Khamnu disclosed to him the secrecy of the bull. The bull was once domesticated and treated as a family member during the good days of their parents.
In 2020, a named ""Kao Faba"" was produced by Western Cultural Association in Manipur. It was sponsored by the Sangeet Natak Akedemi of New Delhi, India. The play was released in the Iboyaima Shumang Leela Shanglen, Palace Compound, Imphal.
The play is based on the legend of capturing the bull in Ancient Moirang.


Hauman

Hauman is a surname. Notable people with the surname include:


Jan Dismas Zelenka

Jan Dismas Zelenka (16 October 1679 – 23 December 1745) was a Bohemian baroque composer.

Zelenka was born in Louňovice pod Blaníkem, Bohemia. It is a small market town southeast of Prague. He was baptized as Jan Lukas Zelenka. His first music teacher was likely his father, Jiři. His father was an organist and organist in Louňovice. He received more musical training at the Jesuit college Clementinum in Prague. He learned to play the violone (a kind of contrabass in the Baroque period). 
In 1709, he studied with Johann Hubert Hartig in Prague. Zelenka had access to a lot of Italian baroque music through his teacher's library.
Zelenka moved to Dresden in 1710 or 1711. He became the violone player in the Dresden court orchestra. He received a salary of 300 thalers when he started working in Dresden. He must have been a very impressive musician. His salary was increased to 400 thalers in 1714. He wrote his Mass, the "Missa Sanctae Caeciliae" (St. Cecilia Mass) in 1711.
In 1716, Zelenka visited Vienna to study with Johann Joseph Fux. Fux was the Imperial in Vienna. That means Fux was in charget of the music for the Holy Roman Emperor. It is unclear if he also visited Venice during this time.
Zelenka returned to Dresden in 1719. He visited Prague from 1722 - 23. He wrote some of his instrumental works while in Prague.

The "Kapellmeister" in Dresden at that time was Johann David Heinichen. Because Heinichen was often ill, Zelenka managed the sacred music in Dresden. When Heinichen died in 1729, Zelenka became an acting "Kapellmeister". He finally became a "Kapellmeister" in 1734. In 1726, Zelenka started a list of works composed by the composers in Dresden. This list is called the "Inventarium". It is an important document for Dresden baroque music. 

In the 1730s, a group of Italian-trained singers arrived at Dresden. They were prepared to resurrect opera in Dresden. Zelenka's job was to train these singers. He wrote some arias for the singers to practice. After August II, Zelenka's employer died, Zelenka asked the new King August III for the title of "Kapellmeister". This title was granted to Zelenka on 1734. Johann Sebastian Bach also received the title of "Royal Polish Composer" in 1736. 

On 23 December 1745, Zelenka died of dropsy. Because he was a Catholic, he was allowed to be buried in the Catholic cemetery. According to the records in Dresden, Zelenka never married. He lived alone. His music became valuable after he died. Georg Philipp Telemann tried to publish Zelenka's works. He was not successful. The manuscripts of Zelenka's music remained locked in Dresden. There are no known paintings of Zelenka.

Zelenka's musical style is very unique. He used unexpected harmonies and rhythms. His musical writing shows that he mastered counterpoint. Zelenka may have used elements from Bohemian folk music in his music. He was respected by Bach. Bach performed some of Zelenka's music in Leipzig, where Bach worked.

Mickey Guyton

Mickey Guyton (born Candace Mycale Guyton; June 17, 1983) is an American country music singer and songwriter


Franz Benda

Franz Benda (; baptised 22 November 1709 – 7 March 1786) was a Bohemian violinist and composer. He worked for Frederick the Great.

Benda was born in Benátky nad Jizerou, Bohemia. His parents were Jan Jiří Benda and Dorothea Benda. Jan Jiří was a weaver and an amateur musician. Dorothea Benda (née Brixi) was the daughter of a musician. He had four brothers, Johann Benda, Joseph Benda, Viktor Benda, and Georg Benda. Franz was the oldest surviving son. Three of his brothers became musicians. Viktor did not become a musician.

Benda received musical training from his father. He became a choir singer in Prague. In 1719 he ran away to Dresden. He sang in the royal chapel of Dresden. He also studied playing the violin and the viola in Dresden. He returned home in 1723. He joined the choir of the Clementinum in Prague. When his voice broke, he focused on practicing the violin. He studied the concertos of Antonio Vivaldi.

In 1727, Benda was employed as a musician for Count von Ostein in Vienna. He ran away to Warsaw with his musician friends. He did not want to join the military. He stayed in Warsaw for two years. In Warsaw, he secretly changed his religion. He became a Protestant. In 1733 Benda returned to Dresden. While visiting Ruppin, he met Crown Prince Frederick. Frederick hired Benda as a violinist. In Potsdam he studied with Johann Gottlieb Graun and Carl Heinrich Graun.

King Frederick allowed Benda's family to move to Potsdam. His family were converted to Protestantism.

Benda wrote an autobiography of his life in 1763. Benda died on 17 March 1786 in Nowawes, near Potsdam.

Benda wrote concertos, sinfonias, sonatas, and many chamber works.

Isaiah of Salona

Bishop Salonon Isaiah (1780 - 23 April 1821) was a Greek cleric. He was the first bishop who died during the Greek Revolution in 1821.

Statues were built in remembrance of Despotis Salonon Isaiah. Memorials were built over the former home of Isaiah, in Desfina. The opening of a museum was a Sunday on the 28th of July in 2013, featuring historical writings and paintings of that time, also showcasing documentaries of Isaiae.

Welsh Labour Party

Welsh Labour () is the branch of the United Kingdom Labour Party in Wales.

Madhubani art

Madhubani Art is a style of painting, practiced in the Mithila region of India and Nepal. It was named after Madhubani District of Bihar, which is where it originated. It is done with many tools like fingers, twigs, brushes, nib-pens, and matchsticks and using natural dyes and colours. What separates Madhubani art from other forms of art are its geometrical patterns. This art has 5 distinctive styles. These are: 


It was created by the women of many communities in the Mithila region of India. It originated from the Madhubani district of the Mithila region of Bihar. Madhubani is a big export centre of these paintings. This painting as a form of wall art was practised a lot throughout the region. Doing the painting on paper originated in the villages around Madhubani much later. It was introduced by a woman named Bhuvi.

The paintings were traditionally done on mud walls and floors of huts, but now they are also done on cloth, handmade paper and canvas. People made a paste out of powdered rice and used it in the paintings. Madhubani painting has remained in India and Nepal and has been passed down for centuries, although the style has remained the same. Madhubani paintings are done 2 dimensional, and the colours and dyes come from plants. 
Most madhubani paintings depict people and their association with nature.
Scenes from weddings and events and natural things such as the Sun, leaves, flowers and animals are also painted a lot.
In these paintings, blank space is filled with flowers, animals, leaves, geometric patterns etc.

Bokermannohyla sazimai

The Zagaia tree frog ("Bokermannohyla sazimai") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in streams.

Snickerdoodle

A snickerdoodle is a type of cookie made with flour, butter or oil, sugar, salt, and rolled in cinnamon sugar. Eggs are sometimes used, with cream of tartar and baking soda added to leaven the dough. They are characterized by a cracked surface, and can be crispy or soft.

Snickerdoodles are sometimes called "sugar cookies". But, sugar cookies are rolled in white sugar while snickerdoodles are rolled in a mixture of white sugar and cinnamon.

Docosane

Docosane is a Hydrocarbon of chemical formula CH

Khambana Kao Phaba (painting)

The Khambana Kao Phaba () is an oil canvas painting by Manipuri artist M Betombi Singh. The painting shows the capture of powerful Kao bull by hero Khamba. It is one of the most well known museum series "Exhibit of the Month" of the "Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya" (IGRMS) in India. It was exhibited for a whole month of July, 2019.

The painting shows an epic legend of Ancient Moirang Kingdom. Angom Nongban Kongyamba, the villain, was jealous of Khuman Khamba, the hero. So, he set a death-trap of Khamba. The hero was asked to capture the giant bull. But Kongyamba's dream of Khamba being killed by the bull was not fulfilled. 
Khamba knew the secrecy of the bull. The bull was once the head of Khamba's father's cattle herd. During the capture, Khamba whispered his father's name to the bull's ear. He 
also showed a silk rope to the bull. The bull recognised Khamba. So, the wild beast was tamed.

The artwork was painted by late artist M Betombi Singh in the Sana Konung Palace in Imphal, Manipur. The artist was 93 years old when he completed the artwork. In 2001, the painting was registered into the permanent collection of the Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya (IGRMS) Museum. After that, the artwork was visited by many well known people including RK Chaturvedi, AS&FA, Union Ministry of Culture of India. The painting was kept in Veeth Sankul indoor exhibitions and library of the museum.

In July of 2019, the painting was introduced as the "Exhibit of the Month" of the Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya (IGRMS) by RK Chaturvedi, AS&FA, Union Ministry of Culture of India. The exhibition was curated by Nongmaithem Sakamacha. Sakamacha was the Museum Associate of Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya (IGRMS), Bhopal, India.

Sülze (Bergen)

Sülze is a village in the local borough of Bergen in the northern part of Celle on the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany.

Sülze is on the edge of the Südheide Nature Park about north of Celle on state road ("Landesstraße") L 240 which runs from Celle to Hermannsburg. Sülze is responsible for the neighbouring hamlets of Waldhof and Twießelhop.



Saba Azad

Saba Azad is an Indian actress, singer and musician . She is one of the two members of the Mumbai-based electronic fan group Madboy / Mink. Saba is best known for playing the lead role in the 2011 romantic comedy "Mujhse Fraaandship Karoge" . The movie was very well liked by college students across the country. She played the role of Dingo in Y-Films' web series, "Ladies Room", in 2016. She made her Bollywood debut in 2006 with the lead role of Raga in the movie "Dil Kabaddi" . She has acted as a model in advertisements for companies such as Cadbury, Ponds,Tata Sky, Google, KitKat, Vodafone and Nescafe.

Azad is the niece of Safdar Hashmi, a great actor of stage drama. She has performed with Hashmi's Natyadal "Jan Natya Mancha" from a very young age. She has worked with actors like Habib Tanvir, MK Raina, GP Deshpande and NK Sharma. She has trained in Orissa, ballet, jazz, Latin as well as contemporary dance. Along with her Orissa dance teacher Kiran Segal, she has danced in India and abroad in England.

Afternoon finishing school, she entered the movie world starring in a short movie, "Guroor". It was directed by Ishan Nair. The movie was screened at festivals in New York and Florence . Since then she has acted in several short movies.

Azad made her Bollywood debut in 2006 starring Anil Sr. in the independent Hindi movie "Dil Kabaddi". In that movie, she acted opposite Rahul Basu . She then played the lead role in Y-Films " Mujhse Fraaandship Karoge", where she played the role of Preeti Sen opposite newcomers Nishant Dahiya and Shakib Selim .

On March 1, 2013, Imam Shah announced that he and Azad had entered into a "live-in" relationship.

Dohnsen

Dohnsen is a village administered by the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in northern Celle on the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany. It is east of Bergen.



Wardböhmen

Wardböhmen is a village administered by the Lower Saxon town of Bergen in the northern part of Celle on the Lüneburg Heath in North Germany. It is about north of Bergen on the B 3 federal road.



Peter Stöger

Peter Stöger ( born 11 April 1966) is an Austrian football coach and a former player.
Stöger started his career at Favoritner AC Wien. Then he played six years for FK Austria Wien from 1988 to 1994. After a year at FC Tirol Innsbruck, he went to SK Rapid Wien in 1995. He also played in the 1996 UEFA Cup Winners Cup Final against Paris St Germain in Brussels. He then returned to Austria after a year at LASK Linz and finished his career at 38 years with SC Untersiebenbrunn.

He made his debut for Austria in February 1988 against Switzerland, missed the 1990 FIFA World Cup, but was a member of Austrias team at the 1998 FIFA World Cup. He played 65 matches and scored 15 goals. His last international was in March 1999 versus Switzerland.

Stöger became coach of coach of Austria Wien on 6 May 2005 together with Frank Schinkels till the end of the season. Stöger continued in the position until December 2005. In December he became sporting director. The following season did not start well and he was sacked in both positions. Stöger moved for 3 years to First Vienna FC, then Grazer AK and SC Wiener Neustadt. Then Stöger returned to Austria Wien on 30 May 2012, and won the Austrian championship with a record number of points.

Stöger and his co-trainer Manfred Schmid were bought out of their contracts and went to 1. FC Köln. In January 2016, Stöger, along with his co-trainer Manfred Schmid extended the contracts to 2020, In the season 2016/17 Köln reached international football for the first time after 25 years. Cologne finished 5th and qualified for the Europa League. In the 2017/18 seasonKöln reached only only three points from the opening 14 matches. Schmidt and Stöger were sacked on 3 December 2017. 
On 10 December 2017 Stöger signed to coach Borussia Dortmund until end of the season. Stöger stabilized the team and BVB finished fourth after eight place when Stöger signed. They qualified for the UEFA Champions League on the final matchday. He left Dortmund on 12 May 2018.

On August, 1st 2019 he went back to Austria Wien and became sports director.On 31 July 2020 he returned as head coach of Austria Wien.

On 5 June 2021 Stöger went to the Hungarian team Ferencváros. The team reached the group stage of the UEFA Europa League. Ferencváros lost five of the six group stage games and finishing last in their group. After a away loss in the league to Debrecen, he was sacked on 13 December 2021. 






Puente de la Mujer

Puente de la Mujer (Spanish for "Woman's Bridge"), is a rotating footbridge for Dock 3 of the Puerto Madero commercial district of Buenos Aires, Argentina.


Andrey Lopatov

Andrey Vyacheslavovich Lopatov (; 12 March 1957 – February 2022) was a Russian basketball player. He competed for the Soviet Union in the 1980 Summer Olympics. He won a bronze medal. Lopatov was born in Inta, Komi ASSR, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union.

Lopatov died in February 2022, at the age of 64.

Alfred Sole

Alfred Sole (July 2, 1943 – February 15, 2022) was an American production designer, movie director, producer, and writer. He was best known for directing movies such as "Alice, Sweet Alice" (1976) and "Pandemonium" (1982). He worked as a production designer on "Veronica Mars" (2004–2007) and "Castle" (2009–2016). Sole was born in Paterson, New Jersey.

Sole died on February 15, 2022 at the age of 78.

Tayanç Ayaydın

Tayanç Ayaydın is a Turkish actor.

Ayaydın was born in 1979 in Istanbul, Turkey. He went to the Private Doğa College's primary school. He went to high school at Tercüman High School and İstek Foundation High School. He then went graduated from Mimar Sinan University. He got a degree in theatre studies. His first big acting job was in the show TV series "Aliye". In that show, he played as Doctor Kahraman. He won an award for the Best Actor in the Locarno Film Festival. In 2016, he was a part in the Kanal D series "Hayat Şarkısı", playing the character of Hüseyin Cevher. The next year he joined the cast of teen drama "Kırgın Çiçekler".



Miles Morales

Miles Gonzalo Morales () is a fictional comic book superhero appearing in publications by Marvel Comics. He is one of the characters known as Spider-Man. The character first appeared in "Ultimate Fallout". Morales appears in the 2018 animated movie "" where he was voiced by Shameik Moore, and its 2023 sequel "".

He is of African American and Puerto Rican ancestry. He lives with his parents, and his uncle, Aaron Davis, is the villain known as Prowler.


Pyromania (album)

Pyromania is an album written by Def Leppard. It was released on January 20, 1983. This album was the first album to include Phil Collen. He replaced Pete Willis. The album was No. 4 on the Canadian RPM Album chart and No. 18 on the UK Albums Chart. Selling over ten million copies in the US, it has been certified diamond by the RIAA.


Manuel II of Portugal

"Dom" Manuel II (15 November 1889 – 2 July 1932), was the last King of Portugal. He became the King after the assassination of his father Carlos I and his elder brother Luís Filipe. His reign ended during the 5 October 1910 revolution. Manuel lived the rest of his life in exile in Twickenham, Middlesex, England.

Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya

Indira Gandhi Rashtriya Manav Sangrahalaya (IGRMS) or National Museum of Humankind or Museum of Man is an anthropology museum located in Bhopal, India.
Things that are in the permanent collection: Khambana Kao Phaba (painting). 


Langerhans cell

Langerhans cells (LC) are tissue-resident macrophages of the skin.

Ali Abdel Raziq

Ali Abdel Raziq (; from 1888 to 1966) was an Egyptian scholar of islam, whose career is judge and government minister.


Germany at the Winter Olympics

Athletes from Germany have appeared in only 20 of the 22 editions of the Winter Olympic Games (they did not attend the 1924 and 1948 Winter Olympics). Germany hosted the 1936 Winter Olympics in Garmisch-Partenkirchen and had been selected to host in 1940 again.

Including the winter Games of 2014, German athletes have won 377 medals; 136 gold, 135 silver and 106 bronze. 

Slushy

A slushy (also spelt slushie and less commonly slushee) is a type of beverage made of flavored ice and drink, commonly soda, similar to granitas but with more liquids.


Granita

Granita also known as granita siciliana is a semi-frozen dessert made from sugar, water and various flavorings. Originally from sicily, it is available throughout italy in various forms. it is related to sorbet and Italian ice; however, in most of sicily, it has a smoother, and more crystalline texture.

Italian ice

Italian ice is a frozen or semi-frozen sweetened dessert. It is made with fruit or other natural or artificial food flavorings. Italian ice is similar to sorbet and snow cones, but differs from American-style sorbet in that does not contain dairy or egg ingredients. it was introduced to united states and is derived from the sicilian granita, a familiar and related Italian dessert

common flavors include lemon, cherry and other fruits.


Caltrain

Caltrain is a California commuter rail line. It serves the San Francisco Peninsula and Santa Clara Valley (Silicon Valley). The southern end of the line is in San Jose at Tamien station. Caltrain has 28 regular stops.

Ice cream cake

An ice cream cake is a cake with ice cream as the filling. It can also be made by putting different flavors of ice cream on top of each other in a loaf pan.

Ice cream cake is a food popular at parties. They can be seen at birthday parties and weddings. It is more common in North America and Australia, but not seen very often in Europe. In the United Kingdom, there are ice cream swiss roll cakes. These are called "Arctic rolls".

Ice cream cake were first made from biscuits and cream. Victorian era desserts called "Bombe glacée" (or "bombes") were made of ice cream and fruit. They were made into colorful and decorative shapes. Sometimes they were put beside cakes or biscuits. Ice cream cake recipes from the 1870s have also been found.

Ice cream cakes are popular in the United States. Baskin-Robbins, Dairy Queen, Cold Stone Creamery and other retailers also sell ice cream cakes. 

They are also a popular dessert for Fourth of July celebrations; cakes prepared for this day are often decorated with patriotic motifs, and garnished with whipped cream, red berries and blueberries. Other versions are elaborate flag cakes made with alternating layers of ice cream and sorbet.




Yahgan people

The Yahgan (also called Yagán, Yaghan, Yámana, Yamana or Tequenica) are a group of indigenous peoples in the Southern Cone. Their traditional territory includes the islands south of Isla Grande de Tierra del Fuego. They are the world's southernmost human population.

Cristina Calderón

Cristina Calderón (May 24, 1928 – February 16, 2022) was a Chilean writer. She was born in Puerto Williams, Navarino Island. She was the last living full-blooded Yaghan person after the death of her 84 year-old sister Úrsula in 2005. She was also the last native speaker of the Yaghan language.

Calderón was honored as the "Illustrious Daughter of the Magallanes Region and Chilean Antarctica". She was also recognized by the National Council of Culture and the Arts as a "Living Human Treasure" by UNESCO in 2003.

Calderón died on February 16, 2022 in Punta Arenas, Chile from COVID-19 at the age of 93.

Point Arena, California

Point Arena, formerly known as Punta Arena (Spanish for "Point Sand") is a small coastal city in Mendocino County, California, United States. Point Arena is located west of Hopland. The population was 460 at the 2020 census.

Willits, California

Willits (formerly Little Lake and Willitsville) is a city in Mendocino County, California, United States. Willits is north-northwest of Ukiah, at an elevation of . The population was 4,988 at the 2020 census.

Hopland, California

Hopland (formerly Sanel) is a census-designated place in Mendocino County, California. It is south-southeast of Ukiah, in the Sanel Valley. The population was 661 at the 2020 census.

Jack Smethurst

Jack Smethurst (9 April 1932 – 16 February 2022) was an English actor and comedian. He was best known for his role as Eddie Booth in "Love Thy Neighbour". Smethurst was born in Collyhurst, Manchester, England. His career began in the 1950s. His son is actor Adam Smethurst.

Smethurst died on February 16, 2022 at the age of 89.

Vasilis Botinos

Vasilis Botinos (; 19 October 1944 – 16 February 2022) was a Greek footballer. He played for Olympiacos. 

Botinos made twelve appearances and scored three goals for the Greece national football team from 1967 to 1969. 

Botinos died on 16 February 2022 from COVID-19 in Athens, Greece at the age of 77.

Walter E. Dellinger III

Walter Estes Dellinger III (May 15, 1941 – February 16, 2022) was an American attorney, legal scholar and Democratic politician. He was the Douglas B. Maggs Professor of Law at Duke University School of Law. He was Acting United States Solicitor General from 1996 until 1997 during the Bill Clinton administration. He also was United States Assistant Attorney General for Legal Counsel from 1993 until 1996. Dellinger III was born in Charlotte, North Carolina.

Dellinger III died on February 16, 2022 in Durham, North Carolina at the age of 80.

Emergencies Act

The Emergencies Act () is a law passed by the Parliament of Canada in 1988. It allows the federal government to use extreme short-time actions to respond to public welfare emergencies, public order emergencies, international emergencies and war emergencies. The law repeals the "War Measures Act" passed in 1914.

The "Emergencies Act" has been used only once since it was passed in 1988, in response to the Canadian convoy protests in 2022.
Six of the 10 provincial premiers urged Trudeau not to implement "the Emergencies Act". But on Monday, February 14, 2022, Trudeau declared a state of emergency in Canada anyway.
The "Emergencies Act" is effective immediately, but must be tabled in Parliament within 7, and will be in place for 30 days.

On Monday (21.02.2022), the "Emergencies Act" passed a vital vote in the House of Commons thanks to the support of Jagmeet Singh/NDP (185 voted in favour, 151 against).


Commuter rail

Commuter rail or suburban rail, is a passenger rail transport service that primarily operates within a metropolitan area connecting commuters to the central city from suburbs or commuter towns.

San Francisco Peninsula

The San Francisco Peninsula is a peninsula in the San Francisco Bay Area that separates San Francisco Bay from the Pacific Ocean. On its northern tip is the City and County of San Francisco. Its southern base is in northern Santa Clara County, including the cities of Sunnyvale, Palo Alto, Mountain View, and Los Altos. Most of the Peninsula is occupied by San Mateo County, between San Francisco and Santa Clara counties, and including the cities and towns of Atherton, Belmont, Brisbane, Burlingame, Colma, Daly City, East Palo Alto, El Granada, Foster City, Hillsborough, Half Moon Bay, La Honda, Loma Mar, Los Altos, Menlo Park, Millbrae, Mountain View, Pacifica, Palo Alto, Pescadero, Portola Valley, Redwood City, San Bruno, San Carlos, San Mateo, South San Francisco, Sunnyvale, and Woodside.

College Park, San Jose

College Park is a historic neighborhood of Central San Jose, California, located within the greater district of The Alameda.


Colossally abundant number

In math, a colossally abundant number (also written as CA) is a type of natural number that has to follow a special set of rules. CAs usually have a lot of divisors. To figure out whether or not a number is a CA, however, it has to follow an equation. For a number to be colossally abundant, ε has to be greater than 0. "k" a number greater than 1 and σ is the sum of every divisor that the number has.

All colossally abundant numbers are also superabundant numbers, but not all superabundant numbers are colossal.

The first 15 colossally abundant numbers are 2, 6, 12, 60, 120, 360, 2520, 5040, 55440, 720720, 1441440, 4324320, 21621600, 367567200, 6983776800 . These are also the first 15 superior highly composite numbers.

Colossally abundant numbers were first learned about by Ramanujan. They were written about in his paper about highly composite numbersin 1915.

In 1944, Leonidas Alaoglu and Paul Erdős expanded on what Ramanujan's wrote about and learned more about it.

In the 1980s, Guy Robin showed that the Riemann hypothesis is the same for whenever "n" is greater than 5040(γ is the Euler–Mascheroni constant).

This doesn't work for 27 different numbers :

Robin showed that if the Riemann hypothesis is true then "n" = 5040 is the last integer that doesn't work in this equation. This inequality is also known as Robin's inequality.

From 2001–2002 Lagarias showed that Robin's inequality can be written another way. This inequality uses the harmonic numbers instead of logarithms and works for any CA that is bigger than 60.

The next inequality works for when "n" is equal to 1, 2, 3, 4, 6, 12, 24 or 60.


Aishwarya Sen

Aishwarya Sen is an Indian actress. She acted in Bengali television. She played supporting roles in Punyi Pukur and Ichche Nadi. She is best known for her portrayal of Shubh Drishti opposite Gaurab Roy Chowdhury. Most recently, she portrayed a parallel protagonist in Kora Pakhi.
She was born into an upper-middle-class family. She has a total of 5 members in her family. She has one elder brother and one younger sister. Her mother was a house-builder. She got the characteristics of her mother.

She completed high school and bachelor's degree in Kolkata. Unlike others, she started to be a model. She also auditioned for web series and TV series across the city. This is how she entered the world of acting.

She started her career by starring in the popular Star Jalsa show Punyi Pukur opposite Sourav Das. She then starred in a parallel lead role in the popular Star Jalsa show Ichche Nadi. She became very famous by playing that character. Later, she played the lead role in Patal Kumar Gaanwala of Star Jalsa.





Leonardo Vinci

Leonardo Vinci was an Italian composer known for his operas. He was part of the Neapolitan School of opera. His influence on composers such as Johann Adolph Hasse and Giovanni Battista Pergolesi was considerable.

Emmer-Compascuum

Emmer-Compascuum is a village in the Netherlands and it is part of the Emmen municipality in Drenthe. 

Emmer-Compascuum has an elevation of 12 meters (42 feet) and a population of about 8,000.

British rule in Burma

British rule in Burma lasted from 1824 to 1948. This started from the successive three Anglo-Burmese wars through the creation of "Burma" as a province of British India to the establishment of an independently administered colony. The rule finally ended with independence. The region under British control was known as British Burma.


Flag of the Cayman Islands

The flag of the Cayman Islands consists of a Blue Ensign defaced with the British overseas territory's coat of arms.  Adopted in 1959 to supplement the Union Jack and to replace the flag of the Colony of Jamaica, it has been the flag of the Cayman Islands since the territory was granted self-government that year.

British Cyprus

British Cyprus (Cyprus and Northern Cyprus) was a crown colony of the United Kingdom.


Fast Company (1929 movie)

Fast Company is a 1929 American sports comedy movie directed by A. Edward Sutherland and was based on the play "Elmer the Great" by George M. Cohan and Ring Lardner. It stars Evelyn Brent, Jack Oakie, Richard "Skeets" Gallagher, Sam Hardy, Gwen Lee, Arthur Housman and was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Blue Ensign

The Blue Ensign is a flag, one of several British ensigns, used by certain organizations territories associated or formerly associated with the United kingdom, it is used either plain or defaced with a badge or other emblem.

The Acts of Union 1707 united England and Wales with Scotland in the Kingdom of Great Britain, in the result of producing a new Blue Ensign with the new Union Flag in the canton. With the Act of Union 1800, Ireland became a part of the new United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, and St Patrick's Cross was incorporated into the Union Flag and, accordingly, into the cantons of all British ensigns from 1 January 1801.

Defacement (flag)

The flag of New Zealand, a defaced British Blue Ensign. In vexillology, defacement is the addition of a symbol or charge to a flag. For example, the New Zealand flag is the British Blue Ensign defaced with a Southern Cross in the fly.

Mecklenburg-Schwerin

The Duchy of Mecklenburg-Schwerin was a duchy in northern Germany created in 1701. It ended in 1815 during the Napoleonic Wars .

Bolikhamxai province

Bolikhamsai (also Borikhamxay, Lao: ບໍລິຄໍາໄຊ) is a province of Laos.


Well, Just You Wait!

Well, Just You Wait![1] (Russian: Ну, погоди!, romanized: Nu, pogodi!) is a Soviet, later Russian, animated series produced by Soyuzmultfilm. In the 2014 all-Russian poll, Well, Just You Wait! won by a wide margin as people's favorite cartoon/animated series of all time.[2] The most recent episode was produced in 2006.

List of rockets of the United States

This is a list of rockets launched by the United States.












Christoph Graupner

Christoph Graupner (13 January 1683 – 10 May 1760) was a German composer and harpsichordist.

Graupner was born in Hartmannsdorf near Kirchberg in Saxony. He studied music with Nicolaus Kuester, an organist. Graupner went to Reichenbach with Kuester. He stayed there until he was accepted at the Thomasschule in Leipzig. Johann Schelle and Johann Kuhnau were his music teachers in Leipzig. Graupner also studied law while in Leipzig. At that time, many composers studied law and music.

In 1706, Graupner moved to Hamburg. He became the harpischordist of the Hamburg Opera. Graupner wrote some of his operas in Hamburg. He remained in Hamburg for three years. In 1709, Ernst Ludwig, Landgrave of Hesse-Darmstadt offered Graupner a position as vice "Kapellmeister" at the court of Darmstadt. A "Kapellmeister" is a person who manages the music for a nobleman. Graupner married in 1711. He had six sons and a daughter.

Graupner composed a lot of cantatas in Darmstadt. In 1722 he was chosen to become the "Kantor" of the Thomaskirche in Leipzig. A "Kantor" is a musician who manages the music in a church. However, Graupner decided to remain in Darmstadt. That is because his employer increased his salary. Instead, Johann Sebastian Bach became the next "Kantor" of the Thomaskirche. 

Graupner continued to compose in Darmstadt. Johann Friedrich Fasch was his student. He went blind in 1754. He died in Darmstadt in 1760.

Graupner wrote a lot of music. He wrote 13 sinfonias, 85 ouvertures, 44 concertos, 8 operas, 1,418 religious and 24 secular cantatas, 66 sonatas and 57 harpsichord partitas. Almost all of Graupner's music is kept in the ULB (Technical University Library) in Darmstadt, Germany.

Water clock

A water clock was a tool for measuring time by the flow of liquid into or out of a vessel. Water clocks are one of the oldest time-measuring tools. The bowl-shaped outflow is the simplest form of a water clock and is known to have existed in Babylon, Egypt, and Persia around the 16th century BC. Other regions of the world, including India and China, also have early evidence of water clocks.

A water clock uses the flow of water to measure time. There are two types of water clocks: inflow and outflow. In an outflow water clock, a container is filled with water, and the water is drained slowly out of the container. An inflow water clock works in basically the same way, except instead of flowing out of the container, the water is filling up the marked container. As the container fills, the observer can see where the water meets the lines and tell how much time has passed.

The simplest and more useable clock was a Persian water clock used by manager of the qanat . The use of water clocks in Persia or Greater Iran ,especially in desert area of Iran such as Yazd, Isfahan, and Gonabad,dates back to 500 BC. Later they were also used to say the exact time of holy days of pre-Islamic religions, such as telling the time of the equal day and night ( "Nowruz)", "Chelah", or "Yaldā" – the shortest, longest, and equal-length days and nights of the years. The water clocks used in Iran were one of the most practical ancient tools for timing the yearly calendar. The water clock, or "Fenjaan", was the most accurate and commonly used timekeeping device for calculating the amount or the time that a farmer must take water from a qanat or well for irrigation, until it was replaced by more accurate current clocks. Persian water clocks were a practical and useful and necessary tool for the qanat's shareholders to calculate the length of time they could divert water to their farms or Gardens. The qanat (Kariz) was the only water source for agriculture and irrigation in arid areas so a just and fair water distribution was very important. A very fair and clever old person was elected to be the manager of the water clock called Mir Aab, and at least two full-time managers were needed to control and observe the number of Fenjans or Pengan hours and announce the exact time of the days and nights from sunrise to sunset because share holders usually were divided to the days owners and night owners. The Fenjaan consisted of a large pot full of water and a bowl with a small hole in the center. When the bowl became full of water, it would sink into the pot, and the manager would empty the bowl and again put it on the top of the water in the pot. He would record the number of times the bowl sank by putting small stones into a jar. The place where the clock was situated, and its managers, were collectively known as "khaneh Fenjaan" (time house). Usually this would be the top floor of a public-house, with west- and east-facing windows to show the time of Sunset and Sunrise. The Zibad Gonabad water clock was in use until 1965 when it was substituted by modern clocks.
it is not clear how Egyptians used water clocks. 
In Babylon, water clocks were of the outflow type and were cylindrical in shape. In Babylonian times, time was measured with temporal hours. So, as seasons changed, so did the length of a day. "To define the length of a 'night watch' at the summer solstice, one had to pour two mana of water into a cylindrical clepsydra; its emptying indicated the end of the watch. One-sixth of mana had to be added each succeeding half-month. At the equinox, three mana had to be emptied in order to correspond to one watch, and four mana was emptied for each watch of the winter solstitial night."

According to N. Kameswara Rao, pots excavated from the Indus valley civilization site of Mohenjo-daro (around 2500 BC) may have been used as water clocks.

Descriptions of similar water clocks are given in the "Pañca Siddhāntikā" by the polymath Varāhamihira (6th century AD), which adds further detail to the account given in the "Sürya Siddhānta".. Further descriptions are recorded in the "Brāhmasphuṭa Siddhānta", by the mathematician Brahmagupta (7th century AD). A detailed description with measurements is also recorded by the astronomer Lalla (8th century AD), who describes the "ghati" as a hemispherical copper vessel with a hole that is fully filled after one "nadika".

In ancient China, as well as throughout East Asia, water clocks were very important in the study of astronomy and astrology. The oldest written reference dates the use of the water clock in China to the 6th century BC. From about 200 BC onwards, the outflow clepsydra was replaced almost everywhere in China by the inflow type with an indicator-rod borne on a float.

Some scholars suspect that the clepsydra may have been used as a stop-watch for imposing a time limit on clients' visits in Athenian brothels. Slightly later, in the early 3rd century BC, the Hellenistic physician Herophilos had a portable clepsydra on his house visits in Alexandria for measuring his patients' pulse-beats. By comparing the rate by age group with empirically obtained data sets, he was able to determine the intensity of the disorder.

The biggest achievement of the invention of clepsydrae during this time, however, was by Ctesibius with his incorporation of gears and a dial indicator to show the time as the lengths of the days changed throughout the year. This is because of the temporal timekeeping used during his day. Also, a Greek astronomer, Andronicus of Cyrrhus, supervised the construction of his Horologion, known today as the Tower of the Winds, in the Athens marketplace (or agora) in the first half of the 1st century BC. This octagonal clocktower showed both sundials and mechanical hour indicators. It featured a 24-hour mechanized clepsydra and indicators for the eight winds from which the tower got its name, and it displayed the seasons of the year and astrological dates and periods.

In the medieval Islamic world (632-1280), the use of water clocks has its roots from Archimedes during the rise of Alexandria in Egypt and continues on through Byzantium. The water clocks by the Arabic engineer Al-Jazari, however, are credited for going "well beyond anything" that had preceded them. At daybreak, the tap was opened and water flowed from the top tank to the bottom tank via a float regulator that maintained a constant pressure in the receiving tank.
In 1434 during the Joseon Dynasty, Jang Yeong-sil, Palace Guard and later Chief Court Engineer, constructed the Jagyeongnu (self-striking water clock or striking clepsydra) for King Sejong.

What made the Jagyeongnu self-striking (or automatic) was the use of jack-work mechanisms, by which three wooden figures (jacks) struck objects to signal the time. This innovation no longer required the reliance of human workers, known as "rooster men", to constantly replenish it. The uniqueness of the clock was its capability to announce dual-times automatically with both visual and audible signals. Jang developed a signal conversion technique that made it possible to measure analog time and announce digital time simultaneously as well as to separate the water mechanisms from the ball-operated striking mechanisms.



Streptophyta

Streptophyta (), are a clade of plants. Streptophyta is most land plants and all green algae, except for the Chlorophyta, Mesostigmatophyceae, Chlorokybophyceae and Spirotaenia.

The classification of Streptophyta is different from source to source. Some include more organism groups, and others include less organism groups.

Streptophyta organisms are both unicellular and multicellular. Every living green plant is a streptophyta. The Streptophyta phylum includes green algae in freshwater and all land plants. Streptophyta reproduces sexually through conjugation.

Below is all of the relations of Streptophyta.



Linen (color)

Linen, or shades of white are colors that differ only slightly from pure white.


Doug Jones (actor)

Doug Jones (born May 24, 1960) is an American actor, contortionist, and mime artist. He is best known for playing non-human creatures. He is known for his roles in Guillermo del Toro movies such as "Mimic" (1997), "Hellboy" (2004), "Pan's Labyrinth" (2006), "" (2008), "Crimson Peak" (2015), and "The Shape of Water" (2017). 

Bryan Gould

Bryan Charles Gould (born 11 February 1939) is a New Zealand-born British former politician and diplomat. He was a Member of Parliament (MP) from 1974 to 1979, and again from 1983 to 1994. He was a member of the Labour Party's Shadow Cabinet from 1986 to 1992. He ran unsuccessfully for the leadership of the party in 1992.

Gould returned to New Zealand and in 2004 was made a director at TVNZ.

Sedgwick, Maine

Sedgwick is a town in Hancock County, Maine, United States. The population was 1,202 at the 2020 census.

Yanny or Laurel

"Yanny or Laurel" is an auditory illusion which became popular in May 2018. It is a short audio recording of speech can be heard as one of two words. 53 percent of over 500,000 respondents to a Twitter poll reported hearing a man saying the word "Laurel", while 47 percent reported hearing a voice saying the name "Yanny".

It was confirmed that the audio says both Yanny and Laurel, but some users focus on the higher frequency sounds in "Yanny" and cannot hear the lower sounds of the word "Laurel". 

The dress

The dress is a photograph that became a viral phenomenon on the Internet in 2015. Many people who see the same dress cannot decide if the color is black and blue, or white and gold. The phenomenon showed differences in human colour perception. Within a week, more than ten million tweets had mentioned the dress, using hashtags such as #thedress, #whiteandgold, and #blackandblue. Although the dress has been confirmed to be black and blue, there is still a debate about the true color.

Woodrow Stanley

Woodrow Stanley (June 12, 1950 – February 15, 2022) was an American Democratic Party politician. He was mayor of Flint, Michigan from 1991 until his recall in 2002. He was a member of the Michigan House of Representatives from District 34 from 2009 to 2014. Stanley was born in Schlater, Mississippi.

Stanley died at a hospital in Flint on February 15, 2022, at the age of 71.

Schlater, Mississippi

Schlater is a town in Leflore County, Mississippi, United States. The population was 236 at the 2020 census.

.рф

.рф (.rf) is a Cyrillic domain in Russia. This domain is usually used in Slavic countries.


Saurosuchus

Saurosuchus ("lizard crocodile") was a huge extinct crocodile-like pseudosuchian archosaur. 

It lived in South America during the Upper Triassic period. It was a heavy, ground-dwelling, quadrupedal carnivore. Probably it was the apex predator in its territory (the Ischigualasto Formation.

Gabrán mac Domangairt

Gabrán of Dalriada, full name Gabrán mac Domangairt, was a semi-historical king of Scots and grandson of the Scottish culture hero Fergus Mór. Gabran died around 560, being succeeded by his nephew Conall mac Comgall.

Omsk Oblast

Omsk Oblast (рус. Омская область) is a oblast {state) in Russia. Omsk oblast has a population of 1.9 million people.

Ziarat

Ziarat is a city in Pakistan.

Tomsk Oblast

Tomsk Oblast () is a federal subject of Russia (an oblast), located in western Siberia. The oblast has an area of 314,391 square kilometers. Its population is 1,089,291 (2022 Census) with the majority, 506 thousands, living in Tomsk, the administrative center.

Altai Mountains

The Altai Mountains (/ɑːlˈtaɪ/), also spelled Altay Mountains, are a mountain range in Central and East Asia, where Russia, China and Mongolia converge, and where the rivers Ob and Irtysh have their headwaters. The massif merges with the Sayan Mountains in the northeast, and gradually becomes lower in the southeast, where it merges into the high plateau of the Gobi Desert.

Russian Census (2010)

The Russian Census of 2010 () was the second census of the Russian Federation population after the dissolution of the Soviet Union. Preparations for the census began in 2007 and it took place between October 14 and October 25.

Karnaaj Rally

Karnaaj Rally is a racing and vehicular combat game. It came out on the Game Boy Advance in 2003, and as "K-Rally" on Symbian and Windows Mobile in 2006.

"Karnaaj Rally" has a top-down perspective. The player is a sponsored racer, and can make bets, buy armor, upgrade their engine or tires and stay the best by winning races. Races come in seasons. The last race happens on the Moon.

"Karnaaj Rally" was mostly liked. It is rated 80% on GameRankings, 81 out of 100 on Metacritic with 9 reviews, 8.8 "Great" on IGN. and 7.8/10 "good" on GameSpot, which called it "a blast to play" and the best Game Boy Advance game of January 2003.

Many video game reviewers and publications hated the game's box art. 1UP.com's feature "Hey Covers... You Suck!" said it has "..the world's ugliest man jump[ing] in front of the camera." IGN liked the game, but said it is "hard to ignore the crappy name and awful package design" and to "Never judge a book by its cover."

Readers of the June 2003 issue of Electronic Gaming Monthly (issue 167) and makers of the game hated it when Seanbaby hated the game because its cover art was bad.

Ileana D'Cruz

Ileana D'Cruz (born 1 November 1986) is an Indian film actress who mostly appears in Telugu language films . She started as a model and made her film debut in 2006 with YVS Chowdhury's Telugu film "Devadasu" . She then starred in the commercially successful films "Pokkiri" (2006), "Jalsa" (2008) and "Kick" established herself as one of the leading actresses of Telugu cinema. She had been working in Badshaho at 2017. 

She has an older sister named Farah, a young brother named Reis, and a young sister named Erin. Her first name comes from Greek mythology meaning "torch" or "bright." In childhood, she lived in Goa for many years.

She was widely praised by critics, especially for her anatomy and facial features; Idealbrain's GV wrote that Ileana "made her debut very well. She not only does well in acting but also her physique is admirable which every woman would like to achieve. She has long legs and is physically beautiful." Devdasu was the first major commercial hit of the year and eventually grossed ₹14 crore. Ileana was given the Filmfare Award for Best Female Debutant for the movie. 
Her next movie was the action movie Pokkiri starring Mahesh Babu. Ileana played an aerobics teacher who is harassed by a corrupt policeman. The movie was a huge success. It became the highest-grossing Telugu film of all time, as well as being Ileana's biggest commercial hit of all time.
Later in the same year, she made her debut in a Tamil language movie with Kedi (2006). Although the movie did not do as well at the box office, D'Cruz was so busy that she had to decline several offers. Her Telugu movie Dangerous (2006) in which she starred opposite Ravi Teja was not as good as was expected.

D'Cruz's career again took a turn when she starred in the 2007 movie "Ata", opposite Sidharth. She was widely thanked for her performance as Satya, a college student who runs away from the home minister's devious son and comes under attack as she marches to demand punishment for her crime. "Idlebrain" describes them as "beautiful" and "a comfort to the eyes". 
In 2008 she played the lead role in "Jalsa" opposite Pawan Kalyan. She is currently considered the most expensive actress in the South Indian movie industry, being paid 1.75 crore as of 2008. 
Her 2009 movie with Ravi Teja titled "Kick" was declared a box office hit. After that in 2009, she starred in Rechipo with Vishnu Manchu and "YVS" Chowdhary's "Salim", both of which failed at the box office. Ileana recently wrapped up shooting for Shakti, where she worked with Jr. NTR before she worked with him in Rakhi. Puri Jagannadh has signed her for their upcoming film "Nenu Na Rakshasi". This will be Ileana's second movie with Puri after the massive success of Pokkiri in 2006. She has also done an item song for the Kannada movie Huduga Hudugi with the lyrics "Ileana Ileana". Currently, Ileana will begin shooting for the Telugu and Tamil adaptation of the Hindi film 3 Idiots, where she will be essaying the role of Kareena Kapoor. S. Shankar will direct it. Her next offering will be Anurag Basu's Barfi in which Ileana will be working with Ranbir Kapoor. 





Strongoli

Strongoli is a "comune" and town in the province of Crotone, in Calabria, southernmost Italy. It have over 6000 people living there. The town is birthplace of artist Leonardo Vinci.

Bokermannohyla ibitiguara

The Fazenda Salto tree frog ("Bokermannohyla ibitiguara") is a frog that lives in Brazil. It lives in forests in the Serra da Canastra.

Kool Keith

Keith Matthew Thornton (born October 7, 1963), better known by his stage name Kool Keith, is an American rapper and record producer from The Bronx, New York. Kool Keith has recorded many things both as a solo artist and with groups. Kool Keith is said to be one of hip-hop's most unusual people.

Kool Keith was a cofounding member of Ultramagnetic MCs. Thier first song "Critical Beatdown" was released in 1988. After two more albums with the group, "Funk Your Head Up" and "The Four Horsemen", Kool Keith released his solo album, "Dr. Octagonecologyst". He released it under the name Dr. Octagon in 1996. He next released a series of hip hop albums. These include "Sex Style", "First Come, First Served" (as Dr. Dooom), and most recently "Keith".

After releasing only one album on a major label, "Black Elvis/Lost in Space", Kool Keith returned to independently releasing music. He worked alone and with groups such as Analog Brothers, Masters of Illusion, Thee Undatakerz and Project Polaroid. Kool Keith has also made guest appearances with Peeping Tom and Yeah Yeah Yeahs. The Prodigy's hit "Smack My Bitch Up" was based on Kool Keith's voice saying "Change my pitch up. Smack my bitch up."


Triprion spatulatus

The Mexican shovel-headed tree frog, shovel-headed tree frog, or shovelhead treefrog ("Triprion spatulatus") is a frog that lives in Mexico. It lives on the Pacific side (west) of the mountains. There are two groups of this frog: "Diaglena spatulata spatulata" further north and "Diaglena spatulata reticulate" further south.

The adult male frog is 61 - 87 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female frog 75 - 101 mm long. Its nose is long, and its breathing holes are to the side instead of in front. There are ridges on its face. It has big eyes that stick out to the sides. The front parts of its front legs are thick and strong. The disks on its toes are very large. The back legs are short.

This frog can be a few different colors: yellowish light brown, gray-green, dark green, and green with yellow marks. The head is darker in color than the body. The venter is white. The male frog's voice organ is yellow with brown marks. There can be dark marks on the back. Frogs from different places can have different marks.

This frog hides during the day and looks for food at night. It lives in trees. Scientists think it eats many different things.

The male frog's voice sounds like "braaa."

This frog is not in danger of dying out but there are fewer of them than there were. This is because human beings change the places where the frog lives. There have also been long times with less rain than usual. Too much ultraviolet light can also kill this frog.

Kalinga

Kalinga may refer to:


5 October 1910 revolution

The 5 October 1910 revolution was the revolution that ended the Portuguese Monarchy. It was caused by a "coup d'état" organized by the Portuguese Republican Party.

In 1910, the Kingdom of Portugal was in crisis: people were angry over the 1890 British Ultimatum and the royal family. King Carlos I and his heir was assassinated in 1908, called the Lisbon Regicide. There was conflict between two political parties, Progressive and Regenerador. This caused political instability throughout Portugal. Republicans in Portugal thought Republicanism was a better way to manage the country, so, the Republican Party took advantage of the instability to overthrow the House of Braganza.

After a rebellion between 3 and 4 October 1910, the Portuguese Republic was proclaimed at 9 a.m of the next day from the balcony of the Lisbon City Hall. After the revolution, a provisional junta led by Teófilo Braga managed the country until the approval of a new Constitution. In 1911 there was the beginning of the First Portuguese Republic. The national symbols were changed, including the national anthem and the flag. The revolution ensured civil and religious liberties.

Portuguese Republican Party

The Portuguese Republican Party was a Portuguese political party formed during the late years of Kingdom of Portugal. The party was an important part of the Portuguese First Republic. 

When the Republic was established on the 5 October 1910 Revolution, the members of the party soon began splitting into different parties.

Joanne Rodríguez

Joanne Nicole Rodríguez Hacohen (born 14 August 1997) is a Guatemalan track cyclist. 

She competed at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics, 2019 Pan American Games, and 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships. 

She holds the Guatemalan records in track cycling in the flying 200 metres time trial.

Léna Mettraux

Léna Mettraux (born 8 September 1998) is a Swiss road and track cyclist.

She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.


Devaney Collier

Devaney Collier (born 20 July 1998) is a Canadian track cyclist. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

She was on the Cyclery Racing team.


Erin Attwell

Erin Attwell (born 12 March 1999) is a Canadian track cyclist. 

She competed at the 2018 UCI Track Cycling World Championships, 2019 Pan American Games, and 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Christian democracy

Christian democracy is a political ideology that started in 19th-century Europe with the influence of Christian teachings. It was a combination of modern democratic ideas and traditional Christian values, focusing on social justice and the teachings of Christianity. After World War II, Catholic and Protestant movements are important in shaping Christian democracy.

Nidhhi Agerwal

Nidhhi Agerwal (born 17 August 1992/1993) is an Indian actress and dancer. She mainly works in Telugu and Tamil-language movies. In 2017, she made her acting debut in the Hindi movie "Munna Michael." She was a Yamaha Fascino Miss Diva 2014 finalist. She made her Telugu movie debut with "Savyasachi" (2018). Her Tamil movie debut with "Eeswaran (2021)".
Nidhhi was born in Hyderabad and brought up in Bangalore. She was born into a Hindi-speaking Marwari family. Agerwal can understand as well as speak Telugu, Tamil and Kannada. Her birthdate is reported either as 17 August 1992 or 1993.
Her schooling was at Debipur Milan Vidyapith. She holds a graduation in Business Management from Christ University, Bangalore. She is well trained in ballet, kathak and belly dance.

In 2016, director Sabbir Khan said that Nidhhi was signed as the lead in his movie "Munna Michael", alongside Tiger Shroff. She was chosen from among 300 people. Nidhhi was also asked to sign a "no-dating clause" until the movie was completed.



Sarah Van Dam

Sarah Van Dam (born 4 December 2001) is a Canadian track cyclist. 

She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

She is a member of Red Truck Racing.

Ngaire Barraclough

Ngaire Barraclough (born 20 July 2002) is a Canadian track and road cyclist. Ngaire currently rides with The The Cyclery Racing.

She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships. She was responsible for a crash during the elimination race of the women's omnium event.

 Needs additional data.

 Needs additional data.


DVD-Video

DVD-Video is a video format used to store digital video on DVD discs. DVD-Video was the most popular home video format in Asia, North America, Europe, and Australia in the 2000s until it was surpassed by Blu-ray Disc. DVD-Discs require a DVD drive and a DVD player. Commercial DVD movies are encoded using a combination MPEG-2 compressed video and audio of varying formats. Typically, the data rate for DVD movies ranges from 3 to 9.5 Mbit/s, and the bit rate changed dynamically. DVD-Video was first available in Japan on 1 November, 1996, it was release on 24 March, 1997 in the United States.

The DVD-Video specification was made by DVD Forum and can be obtained from DVD Format/Logo Licensing Corporation for a fee of $5,000. Every subscriber must sign a non-disclosure agreement, meaning they cannot share the information publicly. Certain information in the DVD Book is confidential.

Aksana Salauyeva

Aksana Salauyeva (born 2 July 1999) is a Belarusian road and track cyclist. 

At the 2019 European Games she set the Belarusian records, in the team pursuit track cycling. She competed at the 2021 UCI Track Cycling World Championships.

Sheng (instrument)

The Sheng () is a Chinese free reed wind instrument consisting of usually 17 bamboo pipes set in a small wind-chest into which a musician blows through a mouthpiece. Each pipe has a free reed, made of metal (or formerly of bamboo or reed), that vibrates to produce sound when a finger hole on the pipe is covered.

First Battle of Champagne

The First Battle of Champagne was a battle of the First World War which happened from 20 December 1914 to 17 March 1915 in the Champagne-Ardenne region of France. The battle was fought by the French Fourth Army and the German 3rd Army.

Urvashi Rautela

Urvashi Rautela (born 25 February 1994) is an Indian actress and model. She appears in Bollywood movies. She was crowned Miss Diva Universe 2015 and represented India at the Miss Universe 2015 pageant.

She made her Bollywood debut with "Singh Saab the Great" (2013). She also appeared in movies like "Sanam Re" (2016), "Great Grand Masti" (2016), "Hate Story 4" (2018) and "Pagalpanti" (2019).

Rautela was born in Haridwar on 25 February 1994 to Meera Rautela and Manwar Singh Rautela in a Rajput family.

Her hometown is Kotdwar. Rautela is an alumna of Gargi College, University of Delhi.

Rautela got her first major break at age 15 in Wills lifestyle India Fashion Week. She also won the title of Miss Teen India 2009. She was the show stopper as a teen model for Lakme Fashion Week and walked the ramp at Amazon Fashion Week, Bombay Fashion Week and Dubai Fashion Week.
In 2011, Rautela won Indian Princess 2011, Miss Tourism World 2011, and Miss Asian Supermodel 2011. She also won the title of Miss Tourism Queen of the Year 2011 that was held in China and became the first Indian woman to win the pageant.She was also offered Ishaqzaade but turned it down as she wanted to focus on the Miss Universe pageant.
In 2012, she won the I AM She – Miss Universe India as well as the special award for Miss Photogenic. However, she had to return her crown as she was underage at that time. In 2015, Rautela joined again and won the title. She represented India in Miss Universe 2015, but did not place.

Rautela made her debut at Bollywood with the movie "Singh Saab The Great". Her role was the female lead opposite Sunny Deol. After that, she appeared in Yo Yo Honey Singh's international music video album "Love Dose". The music video was released in October 2014.

Soon after, she started working in the South Indian movie industry. Her first movie was the Kannada movie "Mr. Airavata". The movie got negative reviews from the critics. But her dance sequence was praised. Sunayana Suresh writing for the "Times of India" noted, "Urvashi is expressive and leaves her mark in the few scenes and songs she appears in, especially with her dancing."

Later, she appeared in two other Hindi movies, Sanam Re and Great Grand Masti. She also took part in two music videos in 2016. The first was "Laal Dupatta" with Mika Singh and Anupama Raag and the other was "Gal Bann Gayi" along with Vidyut Jammwal.

In 2017, Rautela starred in a special dance sequence "Haseeno Ka Deewana" in the movie Kaabil. She was complimented on her performance by Amitabh Bachchan. She also made a special appearance in a Bangladeshi film "Porobashinee".
In 2018, she appeared in the revenge drama "Hate Story 4". Rachit Gupta of the "Times of India" stated about her performance, "Urvashi Rautela has the main role and her character has plenty to offer. She starts off as a girl dancing in a strip club, but as the story unfolds, her character gets plenty of twists, turns and reveals. There’s a lot on her table and the pretty actress handles the myriad emotions and shades with ease."

In February 2019, Rautela appeared for Anees Bazmee's comedy movie "Pagalpanti" which was a box-office flop and got unfavourable reviews. 
In 2020, she starred in "Virgin Bhanupriya" a comedy-drama directed by Ajay Lohan and produced by Shreyans Mahendra Dhariwal. The movie was released through ZEE5 due to the COVID-19 pandemic.



Wilton, North Dakota

Wilton is a city in the Burleigh and McLean counties in North Dakota, United States. The population was 718 at the 2020 census. The town was founded in 1899. Wilton was named after Wilton, Maine by a general.

Wilton was platted in 1899 when the railroad was made to that point. The city was named after Wilton, Maine. This was the home of one of the early settlers. The town's train station and post office was finished being built in 1900. Most of the settlers there were from Ukraine.

Wilton is located at (47.159011, -100.785903).

According to the United States Census Bureau, the city has a total area of , of which is land and is water.

Wilton's climate has large seasonal temperature changes. It gets very hot and humid in the summers and gets very cold in the winters. Wilton has a humid continental climate.


The Game of Death (1972 movie)

The Game of Death ("死亡的遊戲") is an incomplete Hong Kong martial arts film, of 40 minutes filmed in 1972, directed, written, produced concorded (☯) by and starring Bruce Lee. In 1978 the "Golden Harvest" has released "Game of Death" and "other Game of Death movies". The 1978 version uses portions of the original footage married to an entirely new plot. The revised version of the film uses only 11 minutes and 7 seconds of the footage from the original "The Game of Death", but after 2000 the original version was distributed in movies and documentaries from various parts of the world.
! Title !! Release date !! Notes on the original 1972 footage !! Running time of the original footage from 1972 !! Companies !! Country

Charles Yohane

Charles Yohane (26 August 1973 – 14 February 2022) was a Zimbabwean footballer. He played as a midfielder. Yohane played for the Zimbabwe national football team between 1996 until 2007, making 23 appearances. 

Yohane was carjacked and shot dead on 14 February 2022 while working as a delivery driver in Soweto, South Africa at aged 48.

Juan Carlos Lallana

Juan Carlos Lallana (24 December 1938 – 15 February 2022) was an Argentine footballer. He played in five matches for the Argentina national football team from 1963 to 1965. 

Lallana died on 15 February 2022 in Rosario, Argentina at the age of 83.

Michel Deguy

Michel Deguy (23 May 1930 – 16 February 2022) was a French poet and translator. He was born in Paris, France. He also was director of the French literary journal "Po&sie", and as editor of "Les Temps Modernes", the literary journal founded by Jean-Paul Sartre. He won the Prix Mallarme, the Grand prix national de la poésie, the Prix Max Jacob, the Grand Prix de Poésie de l'Académie Française, the Prix Fénéon, and the Prix Joseph-Kessel.

Deguy died in Paris on 16 February 2022, at the age of 91.

Esmaeil Jabbarzadeh

Esmaeil Jabbarzadeh (, 1960 – 16 February 2022) was an Iranian politician. He was Governor of East Azerbaijan, Iran from 2013 to 2017. He won a seat from Tabriz for parliament in Iranian legislative elections of 1992, 1996, 2000, and 2004. He was a member of the Executives of Construction Party.

Jabbarzadeh died from cardiac arrest on 16 February 2022.

Didier-Léon Marchand

Didier-Léon Marchard (1 November 1925 – 16 February 2022) was a French Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1951. He was bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Valence, France from 1978 until his retirement in 2001. 

Marchand died on 16 February 2022, at the age of 96.

Amos Sawyer

Amos Claudius Sawyer (15 June 1945 – 16 February 2022) was a Liberian politician and academic. He was the interim President of Liberia from 22 November 1990 to 7 March 1994. He was voted in by 35 leaders representing seven political parties and eleven interest groups. Sawyer was born in Sinoe County, Liberia. He became president after Samuel Doe was kidnapped and executed.

Sawyer died at a hospital in Baltimore, Maryland, on 16 February 2022 from cardiac arrest at the age of 76.

Prince Johnson

Prince Yormie Johnson (born 6 July 1952) is a Liberian politician. He became Senior Senator from Nimba County in 2006. He was a rebel leader. Johnson played an important role in the Liberia civil wars. He captured, tortured and killed President Samuel Doe.

Samuel Doe

Samuel Kanyon Doe (6 May 1951 – 9 September 1990) was a Liberian politician. He was the Liberian leader from 1980 to 1990, first as a military leader and later as a civilian. He was in charge of the violent coup d'état in April 1980 that left him "de facto" head of state. He orders to kill then-president William Tolbert.

A civil war began in December 1989. Rebels entered Liberia through Ivory Coast, capturing and removing Doe from power on 9 September 1990. He was then tortured and murdered by the orders of Prince Johnson.

Steve Burtenshaw

Stephen Burtenshaw (23 November 1935 – 17 February 2022) was an English footballer and manager. Burtenshaw played as a wing half for Brighton & Hove Albion. He also managed Sheffield Wednesday, Everton, Queens Park Rangers and Arsenal.

Burtenshaw died on 17 February 2022, at the age of 86.

Fausto Cigliano

Fausto Cigliano (15 February 1937 – 17 February 2022) was an Italian singer, guitarist and actor. He was born in Naples, Italy. His career began in 1955. An actor, he was known for his roles in "Maid, Thief and Guard", "Cerasella" and "Passione".

Cigliano died on 17 February 2022 in Rome, Italy, two days after his 85th birthday.

Máté Fenyvesi

Máté Fenyvesi (20 September 1933 – 17 February 2022) was a Hungarian footballer and politician. He played for the national team from 1954 until 1966, making 76 appearances. A politician, he was a member of the National Assembly from 1990 until 1992 and again from 1998 until 2006.

Fenyvesi died on 17 February 2022, at the age of 88.

Giuseppe Ros

Giuseppe "Bepi" Ros (22 September 1942 – 17 February 2022) was an Italian heavyweight boxer. He won a bronze medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics. He retired in 1976. 

Ros died from COVID-19 on 17 February 2022 in Vittorio Veneto, Italy at the age of 79.

Mareno di Piave

Mareno di Piave is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Treviso in Veneto, Italy. It is about north of Venice and about northeast of Treviso.

Vittorio Veneto

Vittorio Veneto is a city and "comune" in Province of Treviso, in Veneto in northeast Italy.

František Václav Lobkowicz

František Václav Lobkowicz ( 1947 – 17 February 2022) was a Czech Roman Catholic prelate. He was bishop of Ostrava-Opava from 1996 until he died. 

Lobkowicz died on 17 February 2022. He was 74 years old.

Nokia E61

Nokia E61 (also known is Nokia E61i) was an Nokia E series mobile phone developer of Nokia Corporation, it was announced this two phone on May 5, 2006 and release on August 16, 2006 with E61 version and June 11, 2007 with E61i version.

In May 5, 2006, at Mobile World Congress. Nokia announced they will be release two phone in 2006 and 2007. They name is "Nokia E61" and "Nokia E61i".

In August 16, 2006. Nokia E61 was release of worldwide. In September 2006, Nokia announced they will be release Nokia E61i on June 2007. In June 18, 2007. Nokia E61i was available of worldwide.

In late 2007, Nokia announced they will be discontinued two phone because was no longer after release in 2006 and 2007, Nokia E61 was discontinued in November 12, 2008 and Nokia E61i in October 12, 2009.

In November 11, 2008. Nokia E61 was discontinuation of sales in worldwide and continue in Nokia website. In September 2009, Nokia E61i was discontinued of United Kingdom and Canada. In October 12, 2009. Nokia E61i was discontinued of worldwide.


Still of the Night (movie)

Still of the Night is a 1982 American psychological crime thriller movie directed by Robert Benton and starring Roy Scheider, Meryl Streep, Jessica Tandy, Josef Sommer, Sara Botsford, Joe Grifasi. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.


2009 World Figure Skating Championships

The 2009 World Figure Skating Championships was a senior international figure skating competition in the 2008–09 season. Medals were awarded for men's singles, ladies' singles, pair skating, and ice dancing.
The games were open to skaters from ISU member nations who reached the age of 15 by July 1, 2008.
Countries which qualified more than one country per discipline:


Ombudsman

An ombudsman (, , ) is an official who is usually hired by the government or by parliament. In some countries, an inspector general, citizen activist or other official may have duties similar to those of a national ombudsman. An ombudsman may be appointed by a state, local, or city government. 

Romāns Apsītis

Romāns Apsītis (13 February 1939 – February 2022) was a Latvian lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Latvian Way. He was in the Saeima from 1993 to 1998 and was Minister of Justice from 1994 to 1995. 

Apsītis died in February 2022, at the age of 83.

Stewart Cheifet

Stewart Cheifet (; born September 24, 1938) is an American television presenter and academic. He is best known for his work presenting and producing "Computer Chronicles" and "Net Cafe". He has also worked in other reporting jobs for PBS and ABC. He also works for the University of Nevada, Reno.

Captain Newman, M.D.

Captain Newman, M.D. is a 1963 American World War II comedy-drama movie directed by David Miller and was based on the 1961 novel by Leo Rosten. It stars Gregory Peck, Tony Curtis, Eddie Albert, Angie Dickinson, Bobby Darin, Robert Duvall, Dick Sargent, Gregory Walcott, Jane Withers, Barry Atwater and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1964.


Siberian Federal District

Siberian Federal District (Russian: Сиби́рский федера́льный о́круг, "Sibirsky federalny okrug") is one of the eight federal districts of Russia. Its population was 17,179,298 according to the 2010 Census, living in an area of 4,361,900 square kilometers (1,684,100 sq mi). Alone, it would be the 7th largest country in the world. The entire federal district lies within the traditional Russian region of Siberia and the continent of Asia.

The district was created by presidential decree on 13 May 2000 and covers around 30% of the total land area of Russia.

