Peter L. Berger

Peter Ludwig Berger (March 17, 1929 – June 27, 2017) was an Austrian-born American sociologist. He was known for his work in the sociology of knowledge, the sociology of religion, study of modernization, and theoretical work to sociological theory. 

Berger was best known for his book, co-authored with Thomas Luckmann, "The Social Construction of Reality: A Treatise in the Sociology of Knowledge" (New York, 1966), which is thought to be one of the most influential texts in the sociology of knowledge, and played a central role in the development of social constructionism. 

In addition to this book, some of the other books that Berger has written include: "" (1963); "" (1969); and "The Sacred Canopy: Elements of a Social Theory of Religion (1967)". 

Berger has spent most of his career teaching at The New School for Social Research, Rutgers University, and Boston University. Before retiring, Berger had been at Boston University since 1981 and was the director of the Institute for the Study of Economic Culture.




Cochlear implant

A cochlear implant (CI) is an electronic device that is inserted by surgery into a part of the ear called cochlea. Persons who are having difficulty in hearing or are completely deaf use the device to help them hear better. Not all parts of the cochlear implants are inside the ear. They have a microphone and some electronics that are usually placed behind the ear. These electronics send signals to the device implanted in the ear to make hearing possible. 

When someone's inner ear hair cells are damages, the conversion of sound vibrations to electrical signals sent to the brain for interpretation gets damaged. Cochlear implants fix this problem by having a microphone of sorts and a speech processor outside of the ear that helps capturing sounds and then processing them. Once the sounds are processed, they are transmitted to something called an internal receiver implanted within the skull on someone that has had the operation for a cochlear implant. The receiver sends signals to electrodes that are manually placed within the cochlea which is the snail-like part in the inner ear. The electrodes stimulate the auditory nerve fibers then send signals to the brain to translate the electrodes into sound.

Most cochlear implants have the following parts. They are divided into external parts which can be seen outside and internal parts which are implanted: 


Implanting the device requires proper care and skill. The person on which the device will be implanted will be anesthetized. There are risks, a person may experience mastoiditis or otitis media, the facial nerve or chorda tympani maybe damaged and the implanted device could shift. Wound infections may also occur. After the implant, people may become dizzy and have problems balancing for a few months.

The total cost of a cochlear implant in the United States was about $100,000 in 2017. Health insurance sometimes pays for all or part of the cost of cochlear implants. The national health insurance schemes in the United Kingdom, Australia, Ireland, Spain, and Israel pay fully for the costs of cochlear implants. The Ministry of Health in New Zealand pays the for the new cochlear implant depending on the cause of deafness.

Mali national football team

The Mali national football team (French: "Équipe du Mali de football") is the national association football team of Mali.

The team has never qualified for the FIFA World Cup, but they have participated in the Africa Cup of Nations 10 times.

The Malian team was suspended by FIFA on 17 March 2017.


Order of the Federal Republic

Nigerian National Honours are decorations awarded to Nigerians and friends of Nigeria every year. They were instituted by the National Honors Act No. 5 of 1964, during the First Nigerian Republic, to honour Nigerians who have made the nation better.

The Nigerian National Honours from the most important to the least important are:


The GCFR and GCON are usually awarded to former occupants of the office of President of Nigeria and Vice President respectively of including former military heads of state of Nigeria and Chiefs of General Staff. The GCON is also usually awarded in honor to the Chief Justice of Nigeria and the President of the Nigerian Senate during their first year in office, while the CON is customarily bestowed on Justices of the Supreme Court of Nigeria.


Federal subjects of Russia

The subjects of the Russian Federation (Russian: субъекты Российской Федерации "subekty Rossiyskoy Federatsii") are the main administrative divisions in Russia. Since 18 March 2014, Russia is made up of 85 federal subjects. They are grouped into eight federal districts.

The federal subjects are divided into oblasts, republics, krais, autonomous okrugs, federal cities and an autonomous oblast. Republics are generally independent, each having its own constitution and legislature. They are meant to be home to a certain ethnic minority. The republics can also set their own official language.

Each federal subject belongs to one of the following types:

a. The largest city is also listed when it is different from the capital/administrative center.

b. According to Article 13 of the Charter of Leningrad Oblast, the governing bodies of the oblast are located in the city of St. Petersburg. However, St. Petersburg is not officially named to be the administrative center of the oblast.

c. According to Article 24 of the Charter of Moscow Oblast, the governing bodies of the oblast are located in the city of Moscow and throughout the territory of Moscow Oblast. However, Moscow is not officially named to be the administrative center of the oblast.

d. Not recognized internationally as a part of Russia.

e. In February 2000, the former code of 20 for the Chechen Republic was cancelled and replaced with code 95. License plate production was suspended due to the Chechen Wars, causing numerous issues, which in turn forced the region to use a new code.

Anthony Young (baseball)

Anthony Wayne Young (January 19, 1966 – June 27, 2017) was an American right-handed professional baseball pitcher. He played all or part of six seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) with the New York Mets, Chicago Cubs and Houston Astros. He was best known for having lost 27 consecutive games in which he had a decision, setting an MLB record.

Young died in Houston, Texas from brain cancer on June 27, 2017, aged 51.


Ana Brnabić

Ana Brnabić (; born 28 September 1975) is a Serbian politician. She has been the Prime Minister of Serbia since 29 June 2017. She became the first woman and first openly gay person to hold the office. 

She was previously the Minister of Public Administration and Local Self-Government of Serbia from 11 August 2016 until 29 June 2017, under Prime Minister Aleksandar Vučić and Acting Prime Minister Ivica Dačić. 

After Vučić was inaugurated as the President of Serbia on 31 May 2017, he proposed Brnabić as his successor in June. Her government was voted into office on 29 June 2017 by a majority of 157 out of 250 Members of the National Assembly of Serbia. 

Brnabić is the fifth openly LGBT head of government in Europe and the world (following Jóhanna Sigurðardóttir, Elio Di Rupo, Xavier Bettel and Leo Varadkar), the first openly LGBT head of government in Eastern Europe and the second female LGBT head of government overall.

Xavier Bettel

Xavier Bettel (born 3 March 1973) is a Luxembourgian politician and lawyer. He is the 24th Prime Minister of Luxembourg since 4 December 2013 after replacing Jean-Claude Juncker. He has served as Mayor of Luxembourg City, member of the Chamber of Deputies and member of the Luxembourg City communal council. Bettel is a member of the Democratic Party.

Bettel is openly gay. He is one of three openly gay world leaders in office, the others being Leo Varadkar, the prime minister of Ireland; and Ana Brnabić, the Prime Minister of Serbia.

Wally O'Connell

Wally O'Connell OAM (6 April 1923 – 28 June 2017) was an Australian rugby league footballer and coach of the 1940s, 1950s and 1960s. He was a five-eighth for the Australian national team. He played in ten Tests between 1948 and 1951 as captain on one occasion. Wally's younger brother Barry also played first grade football for Easts and Manly. He was born in Paddington, New South Wales.

O'Connell died on 28 June 2017 at the age of 94.

John Monckton

John James Monckton (28 October 1937 – 29 June 2017) was an Australian backstroke swimmer. He won a silver medal in the 100-metre event at the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne. Although he set multiple world records, he never won an Olympic gold medal. He was born in Armidale, New South Wales.

Monckton was inducted into the Sport Australia Hall of Fame in 1999.

Monckton died in Nambucca Heads, New South Wales on 29 June 2017 at the age of 79.

Louis Nicollin

Louis Nicollin (29 June 1943 – 29 June 2017) was a French entrepreneur and director of the Nicollin Company, which specializes in the collection and reprocessing of household and industrial waste. Nicollin notably served as chairman of Montpellier Hérault Sport Club, a football team, from 1974 to his death. He was born in Valence, France.

Nicollin was known in the world of French football for his explosive temperament, which caused many verbal blunders and outbursts.

Nicollin died on his 74th birthday on 29 June 2017 of a heart attack in Nîmes, France.

Fibroin

Fibroin is a type of protein that does not dissolve. It is present in silk created by spiders, the larvae of "Bombyx mori", other moth genera, and many other insects.

Syens

Syens is a municipality of the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Oberstrass

Oberstrass is a quarter in the district 6 in Zürich. Until 1893 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Zürich.

Riesbach

Riesbach is a district in the city of Zürich in Switzerland. It is District number 8.

The district has these quarters: Seefeld, Mühlebach and Weinegg. Until 1893 it was a municipality on its own. Then it was added to Zürich.

Unterstrass

Unterstrass is a quarter in the district 6 in Zürich. Until 1893 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Zürich.

19,921 people lived there and its area is 2.46 km².

Wollishofen

Wollishofen is a quarter in the city of Zürich in Switzerland. It is District number 2. Until 1893 it was a municipality on its own. It was then incorporated into Zürich.

Wipkingen

Wipkingen is a quarter in district 10 in Zürich. Until 1893 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Zürich.

Marriage proposal

A marriage proposal is when one person in a relationship asks the other person to marry them. If the other person agrees, this marks the start of the couple's engagement. A person in an engaged couple is called "fiance" (male) or "fiancee" (female).

In Western culture, it is traditional for the person proposing to be down on one bent knee. A traditional proposal might be worded "Will you marry me?" 

In many cultures, it is traditional for a man to ask a woman's father for permission to marry her. The father could say no if he thought the man was not right for his daughter, or if he didn't want him as a son-in-law. In the West today, it is more common for a couple to decide between themselves and then announce their decision to their parents. Instead of asking for permission, the couple may ask for the parents' approval or their blessing.

In the United States, about 5% of proposals are performed by women.

Oberwinterthur

Oberwinterthur is a district in the city of Winterthur in Switzerland. It is District number 2.

The district has these quarters: Talacker, Guggenbühl, Zinzikon, Reutlingen, Stadel, Grüze, Hegmatten and Hegi.

Until 1922 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Winterthur.

Seen (Winterthur)

Seen is a district in the city of Winterthur in Switzerland. It is District number 3.

The district has these quarters: Waser, Büelwiesen, Waldegg, Ganzenbühl, Sonnenberg, Ricketwil, Oberseen, Gotzenwil, Eidberg, Iberg and Sennhof.

Until 1922 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Winterthur.

Töss (Winterthur)

Töss is a district in the city of Winterthur in Switzerland. It is District number 4.

The district has these quarters: Schlosstal, Dättnau, Eichliacker and Rossberg.

Until 1922 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Winterthur.

It is named after the river Töss which flows through the district.

Igualada

Igualada is a municipality of the province of Barcelona in Spain. It is located on the left bank of the Anoia river.

The city is west from the city of Barcelona. It is west from the famous Montserrat mountain.

Veltheim (Winterthur)

Veltheim is a district in the city of Winterthur in Switzerland. It is District number 5.

The district has these quarters: Rosenberg and Blumenau.

Until 1922 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Winterthur.

Wülflingen

Wülflingen is a district in Winterthur, Switzerland. It is District number 6.

The district has these quarters: Weinberg, Oberfeld, Lindenplatz, Niederfeld, Neuburg, Hardau, Härti and Taggenberg.

Until 1922 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Winterthur.

Mattenbach

Mattenbach is a district in the city of Winterthur in Switzerland.

The district has these quarters: Deutweg, Gutschick and Endliker.

Affoltern (Zürich)

Affoltern is a quarter in district 11 in the Swiss city of Zürich. Until 1934 it was a municipality on its own. Then it became part of Zürich.

Höngg

Zürich (Höngg) is a quarter in district 10 in Zürich. Until 1934 it was a municipality on its own. Then it was added into Zürich.

Schwamendingen

Schwamendingen is a quarter in Zürich, Switzerland. It is District number 12.

The district has the quarters Schwamendingen Mitte, Saatlen and Hirzenbach.

Until 1934 it was a municipality on its own. It was then incorporated into Zürich.

Seebach (Zürich)

Seebach is a quarter of the district 11 of Zürich in Switzerland.

Until 1934 it was a municipality on its own. Then it was added into Zürich.

Witikon

Witikon is a quarter in district 7 in the Swiss city of Zürich. Until 1934 it was a municipality on its own. Then it was added into Zürich.

Affoltern

Affoltern may refer to the following places in Switzerland:

Töss (river)

The Töss is a river of the canton of Zurich, Switzerland. The river begins in the Zürcher Oberland. It flows along the Töss Valley ("Tösstal") past Winterthur. It joins the Rhine at Tössegg near Teufen.

Isar

The Isar is a river in Tyrol, Austria and Bavaria, Germany. Its source is in the Karwendel range of the Alps in Tyrol; it enters Germany near Mittenwald. The Isar flows through Bad Tölz, Munich and Landshut before reaching the Danube near Deggendorf. The length is . It is the fourth largest river in Bavaria (after Danube, Inn and Main). The Isar is the second most important tributary of the Danube in Germany, after Inn.

Geneva, Ohio

Geneva is a city in Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States. It is named after Geneva, New York. The population was 5,924 at the 2020 census.

Plaxton Beaver

The Plaxton Beaver, (previously known as the Reeve Burgess Beaver), is a series of step-entrance minibus bodies built by Plaxton.

The first Beaver was built between 1987-1995 mainly on Mercedes-Benz van chassis such as the 709D and 811D. It was also built on the Renault S56 and Renault S75 chassis until 1992. Some were also built on Iveco 49.10 chassis.

The second Beaver (known as Beaver 2) was built on Mercedes-Benz Vario chassis. It replaced the first Beaver in December 1996.

In 2006 Plaxton launched the Beaver 3, which is the Beaver 2 body combined with the front end of another bus called the Plaxton Cheetah.

Bréchaumont

Bréchaumont is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Breitenbach-Haut-Rhin

Breitenbach-Haut-Rhin is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Bretten, Haut-Rhin

Bretten is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Brinckheim

Brinckheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Bruebach

Bruebach is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Peristeri

Peristeri () is a suburban municipality in the northwestern part of Athens agglomeration, Greece. It has 139,981 inhabitants (2011 census). It is the seventh-largest municipality of Greece by population. It is about .


Bouaké

Bouaké (or Bwake) is the second-largest city in Ivory Coast. It is in the central part of Ivory Coast about northeast of Lake Kossou, the country's largest lake. It has 536,189 people according to the 2014 census.

Bouaké is twinned with:


Braggio

Braggio is a former municipality of the district of Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Braggio, Arvigo, Cauco and Selma merged into the new municipality of Calanca.

Nenets Autonomous Okrug

The Nenets Autonomous Okrug (Russian: Не́нецкий автоно́мный о́круг, "Nyenetskiy avtonomnyy okrug", Nenets: Ненёцие автономной ӈокрук, "Nenjocije awtonomnoj ŋokruk") is a federal subjects of Russia. It is located in northwestern Russia. The capital is Naryan-Mar. The okrug has a population of 44,110 (2020 census), making it the least populated federal subject in Russia.

The oil and gas industry make up 99% of the okrug's industrial activity. In 2015, the okrug had the highest gross domestic product in Russia.

Much of the okrug has Subarctic climate. This means the okrug experiences mild and short summers, along with long and very cold winters. Most of the okrug is also above the arctic circle, meaning polar nights occur every year.

In 2010, ethnic Russians were 66.1% of the population. Nenets were 18.6% of the population, the Komi people were 9.0% of the population and other ethnicities were 6.3% of the population.

In 1989, the population was at 54,840 people, but a rapid decrease in population occurred shortly afterwards. The population has seen a slow increase since 2002.


Mercedes-Benz T2

The Mercedes-Benz T2 (Transporter 2) is a series of vans and step-entrance minibuses produced by Daimler-Benz in two generations from 1967–1996.

The first generation T2 was launched in 1967 and it was available as a box van or a flat bed light truck.

The second generation T2 was introduced in 1986, and was built until 1996, It was only available as a minibus.

The T2 is still built in Argentina as the L 710 and the LO 915

In 1996, the T2 was replaced by the Mercedes-Benz Vario.


Léopold Sédar Senghor

Léopold Sédar Senghor (9 October 1906 – 20 December 2001) was a Senegalese poet, politician, and cultural theorist. He was the first president of Senegal (1960–80). He was part of the Négritude movement. Some people called him an African socialist, but many Senegalese socialists thought he was not really socialist because he was supported by France and put communists in Senegal in jail. He also started the Senegalese Democratic Bloc party.

Senghor was the first African allowed to join the "Académie française". Many people think he is one of the most important intellectuals from Africa during the 20th century.


Jean Renoir

Jean Renoir (; 15 September 1894 – 12 February 1979) was a French-American movie director, screenwriter, actor, producer and author. His father was artist Pierre-Auguste Renoir.

As a movie director and actor, he made more than forty movies from the silent era to the end of the 1960s. His movie "La Grande Illusion" (1937) and "The Rules of the Game" (1939). He received a Lifetime Achievement Academy Award in 1975 for his contribution to the motion picture industry.

Renoir died in Beverly Hills, California on February 12, 1979 at the age of 84.


Jerry Remy

Gerald Peter Remy, commonly known as Jerry Remy, (November 8, 1952 – October 30, 2021) was an American Major League Baseball broadcaster and Major League Baseball second baseman. An all-star second baseman originally drafted by the California Angels in 1971, he was traded to his hometown Boston Red Sox in 1977. After a series of injuries forced his retirement in 1985, he began a career in broadcasting. 

In 1988 he joined NESN as a color commentator for Red Sox broadcasts.

Remy was born in Fall River, Massachusetts. He grew up in nearby Somerset, Massachusetts. He studied at Roger Williams University in Bristol, Rhode Island.

Remy suffered from depression. In 2008, Remy was diagnosed with lung cancer and had surgery. On June 12, 2017, Remy announced that the lung cancer returned. His cancer treatment ended in January 2018, but the cancer returned in August 2018.

Remy was married to Phoebe Remy. Together, they had three children. On August 16, 2013, his son, Jared, was arrested in the fatal stabbing of his girlfriend, Jennifer Martel, a charge he pleaded guilty to on May 27, 2014 and was sentenced to life in state prison without the possibility of parole.

Remy died on October 30, 2021 from lung cancer in Waltham, Massachusetts, aged 68.


Walter Fillmore

Walter Daniel Fillmore (January 7, 1933 – June 25, 2017) was an American general officer in the United States Marine Corps. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland. From 1957 to 1963, he was based at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina and the Navy base at Little Creek in Virginia serving in various reconnaissance billets. Fillmore completed his airborne training during this time and was also promoted to Captain in January 1959.

Fillmore died in Virginia Beach, Virginia from vascular dementia on June 25, 2017, aged 84.

Brunstatt

Brunstatt is a former commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Brunstatt-Didenheim.

Deaths in July 2017

The following is a list of notable deaths in July 2017. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



































José María Gil-Robles

José María Gil-Robles y Gil-Delgado (17 June 1935 — 13 February 2023) was a Spanish politician. He was formerly a member of the European Parliament in the European People's Party group. He was President of the European Parliament from 1997 to 1999.

From 2009 to 2014, he was president of the Jean Monnet Foundation for Europe.

Gil-Robles died on 13 February 2023 at the age of 87.

Trimbach

Trimbach can mean:


Pontarlier

Pontarlier is a French commune in the Doubs department, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region, in eastern France near the border with Switzerland. It is a subprefecture in the department and is also the capital of the "arrrondissement" of Pontarlier.

Pontarlier is the third "commune" of the department by its population, after Besançon and Montbéliard.

The city of Pontarlier is in the west of the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region, in the southwestern part of the Doubs department.

The "commune" of Pontarlier has an area of . The city is on a plateau and its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The Doubs river flows through the city.

The city of Pontarlier is surrounded by the "communes":

The Köppen climate classification type for Pontarlier is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Maritime Temperate climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The inhabitants of Pontarlier are known, in French, as "Pontissaliens" (women: "Pontissaliennes").

With a population of 17,413, Pontarlier has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Pontarlier

Pontarlier is a subprefecture of the Doubs department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Pontarlier and the administrative centre () of the canton Pontarlier formed by 10 "communes", including Pontarlier, with 26,699 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Grand Pontarlier" ().

Pontarlier is twinned with:


Some interesting places in Montbéliard are:



Lionel Jospin

Lionel Jospin (; born 12 July 1937) is a French politician. He served as Prime Minister of France from 1997 to 2002. 

Jospin was the Socialist Party candidate for President of France in the elections of 1995 and 2002. He was narrowly defeated in the final runoff election by Jacques Chirac in 1995. He ran for President again in 2002, and was eliminated in the first round due to finishing behind both Chirac and the far-right candidate Jean-Marie Le Pen.

After his loss in the 2002 presidential election, he immediately announced his retirement from politics.


Midnight Sun (song)

"Midnight Sun" is a recorded by American country music artist Garth Brooks. It was released in March 24, 2008 as the third and final single from Brooks' third compilation album "The Ultimate Hits".

It debuted at number 20 on Great American Country's Top 20 Countdown for the week of April 11, 2008.

Isaías Pimentel

Isaías "Iyo" S. Pimentel (16 February 1933 — 26 June 2017) was a Venezuelan international tennis player. He was born on the Dutch island of Curaçao. Pimentel was three times Curaçaoan champion. He competed in the Davis Cup, representing Venezuela, a number of times, from 1957 to 1966.

Pimentel died on 26 June 2017 in Willemstad, Curaçao at the age of 84.


Macky Sall

Macky Sall (born 11 December 1961) is a Senegalese politician. He has been President of Senegal since April 2012. In 2022, he became the 20th Chairperson of the African Union.

Under President Abdoulaye Wade, Sall was Prime Minister of Senegal from April 2004 to June 2007 and President of the National Assembly of Senegal from June 2007 to November 2008. He was the Mayor of Fatick from 2002 to 2008 and from 2009 to 2012.

Janusz Korwin-Mikke

Janusz Ryszard Korwin-Mikke (often referred to by his initials JKM; born 27 October 1942) is a Polish politician, writer, and the founder of the right-wing libertarian and Eurosceptic political party "Wolność". In 2019, he was elected as a member of the Sejm.

He was a Member of the European Parliament from 2014 to 2018. He was the leader of the Congress of the New Right (KNP), which was formed in 2011 from Liberty and Lawfulness, which he led from its formation in 2009, and the Real Politics Union (UPR – "Unia Polityki Realnej"), which he led from 1990 to 1997 and from 1999 to 2003.

Korwin-Mikke is the chairman of the KORWiN party (along with Przemysław Wipler, Polish MP, and Robert Iwaszkiewicz, MEP), which was formed by part of the Congress of the New Right.

David Graham

David Graham (born 11 July 1925) is an English character actor and voice artist. Graham is known for his voice work for the series "Doctor Who" and "Thunderbirds" during the 1960s. He is also known for appearing as the villain in the one minute Apple Inc. advertisement "1984".

Graham was born in London, he trained as an actor in New York City following service in the Royal Air Force as a radar mechanic, and has since worked mainly in British television.


Women in the United States Senate

There have been 60 women in the United States Senate since it started in 1789.

Rebecca Felton was the first. She was in the Senate for one day in 1922. Hattie Caraway was the first woman elected to the Senate in 1932.
As of October 3, 2023, there are 25 women Senators out of 100. The largest number of women Senators at one time was 26, in 2020 and 2021.


Perkins

Perkins may mean:


Box truck

A box truck, also known as a box van, cube truck, cube van, is a truck or van with a cuboid-shaped box on the back. Also categorized as medium-sized trucks. Examples of box tracks: Isuzu NPR, Ford F-750, Chevrolet Silverado 3500HD and others. They have higher fuel efficiency and overall lower maintenance cost compared to heavy trucks.


Flatbed truck

A flatbed truck (or flatbed lorry in British English) is a truck which can be either articulated or rigid. The back is a flat, level 'bed' with no sides or roof.

Smaller flatbed trucks are rigid. The back has low sides which can be hinges. The sides can be hinged up when goods are on the back and hinged down when unloading goods.


Pentagon Shopping Centre

The Pentagon Shopping Centre (known locally as 'The Pentagon') is a shopping centre in Chatham, Kent. The shopping centre is next to the Waterfront bus station which replaced the Pentagon bus station in 2011.

The shopping centre was built in the 1970s. It has 2 floors with over 70 shops. There are also places to eat and a bowling alley.

The shopping centre has a lot of stores such as: 
1st Bowl (Bowling Alley), Poundland, Ann Summers, BB's Coffee & Muffins, Boots, Card Factory, DW Sports, New Look, Sainsburys, Superdrug and Wilko.


Garbage truck

Garbage truck also known as dustcart, rubbish truck, dustbin lorry, bin lorry is a truck made to collect waste and then take it to a waste site such as a landfill. Garbage trucks can collect waste from the front, side or back of the truck.

Garbage trucks are usually considered noisy and dirty due to the size and the fact that they carry garbage, also known as rubbish, waste, trash, junk.
LDV Pilot

LDV Pilot was a van and minibus made by LDV Limited from 1993 to 2006. It was related to the LDV Convoy. In 2006 the Pilot was replaced by the LDV Maxus.


LDV Maxus

LDV Maxus was a van and minibus made by LDV Limited and Daewoo from 2004 to 2009. The Maxus replaced the LDV Convoy and the LDV Pilot.

The LDV Maxus is called: Fargo Fora in Turkey, LDV V80 in Australia, Maxus LD100 in Russia and Weststar LDV Maxus in Malaysia.

In 2011, the Chinese company Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation launched a new vehicle called Maxus V80 which is identical to the LDV Maxus The LDV Maxus model was relaunched by SAIC as the V80 in June 2011.



LDV Group

LDV Group Limited, formerly Leyland DAF Vans, was a British van maker, based in Birmingham. It made vans from 1993 to 2009. In 2009 the LDV administration and assets were sold to a Chinese firm called Eco Concept. In 2010 Eco Concept sold the assets to another Chinese firm called Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation.


Arlington, Washington

Arlington is a city in Washington in the United States. It is part of Snohomish County, near Everett and Marysville.

Marysville, Washington

Marysville is a city in Washington in the United States. It is part of Snohomish County, near Everett and Arlington.

As of 2010, it had 60,020 people.

Stanwood, Washington

Stanwood is a city in Washington in the United States. It is part of Snohomish County, near Arlington and Camano Island.

As of 2010, it has 6,231 people.

Arrondissements of the Jura department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Jura department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

The arrondissements are further divided into cantons and communes.

The arrondissements of the Jura department are:

Since its creation, the Jura department has had few changes:


Alexander Dennis Enviro300

The Alexander Dennis Enviro300 (previously known as TransBus Enviro300) is a single decker low-floor bus. It was built in two generations from 2001 to 2015. It was built by TransBus International until 2004. It was then built by Alexander Dennis.

The first generation TransBus Enviro300 was launched in 2001. In 2004 Transbus was sold to Alexander Dennis. The bus was renamed the Alexander Dennis Enviro300. In 2006 the Enviro300 chassis became available with the East Lancs Esteem bodywork.

The second generation Enviro300 was launched in 2007. With it various chassis could be added on, like the MAN 18.240, Volvo B7RLE and Scania K230UB.

In April 2013 a gas-powered version called the Enviro300SG was launched. It was available on the Scania K230UB chassis. These buses were jointly built by Alexander Dennis and Scania.

Ola Mildred Rexroat

Ola Mildred Rexroat (August 28, 1917 – June 28, 2017) was the only Native American woman to serve in the Women Airforce Service Pilots (WASP). After that she joined the Air Force, where she served for ten years as an air traffic controller. In 2007 she was inducted into the South Dakota Aviation Hall of Fame. She was the last surviving WASP in South Dakota.

Rexroat was an Oglala Sioux from the Pine Ridge Indian Reservation. She earned a bachelor's degree in art from the University of New Mexico in 1939. 

Rexroat died in Hot Springs, South Dakota on June 30, 2017 at the age of 99.

Nigerian naira

The naira (sign: ₦) is the official currency of Nigeria. 100 "Kobo" makes one naira.

The Central Bank of Nigeria (CBN) issues money throughout the Nigerian Federation. It controls the amount of money supply in the economy in order to ensure the economy and prices are stable. The Currency & Branch Operations Department of the CBN is in charge of currency management. They get the naira notes and coins from its special printers. Then they distribute/supply, process, and reissue it. They also receive and destroy old and unusable bank notes and coins.

      It was announced by the CBN(central bank of Nigeria)announced that on the fifteenth of  December 2022 Nigeria's currency is going to have a new look                                                           it was also announced that by January 2023 everyone in Nigeria is going to use the new currency. The news was later changed till the ending of 2023 ( till December).

Nigeria started using the naira on 1 January 1973, replacing the pound at a rate of 2 naira = 1 pound. The currency sign is ₦. In October 2021, the eNaira, the digital version of the state currency, is officially launched in Nigeria.

In 1973, coins were introduced in denominations of ½, 1, 5, 10 and 25 kobo, with the ½ and 1 kobo in bronze and the higher denominations in cupro-nickel. The ½ kobo coins were minted only that year. In 1991, smaller 1, 10 and 25 kobo coins were issued in copper-plated-steel, along with nickel-plated-steel 50 kobo and 1 naira. On 28 February 2007, new coins were issued in denominations of 50 kobo, 1 and 2 naira, with the 1 and 2 naira bimetallic. Some Nigerians complained that the weight of the ₦2 coin especially how heavy it is when there is a lot of it . The CBN announced that the old coins are to be replaced with the new ones on or before 31 May 2007. The central bank also stated that the ½ to 25 kobo coins withdrew withdrawn from circulation with from 28 February 2007.

On January 1, 1973, the Central Bank of Nigeria introduced notes for 50 kobo, 1, 5, 10 and 20 naira. The 50 kobo notes were last issued in 1989. In 1991, 50 naira notes were issued, followed by 100 naira in 1999, 200 naira in 2000, 500 naira in 2001 and 1000 naira on October 12, 2005.

On February 28, 2007, new designs of the 5 to 50 naira banknotes were introduced. Originally the 10, 20 and 50 naira were to be polymer banknotes, but the 5,10 and 50 were delayed to late 2009 and only the 20 was released in polymer. The notes are slightly smaller (130 x 23 mm) and redesigned from the preceding issues. In mid-2009 when Sanusi Lamido Sanusi took over as CBN Governor he eventually changed the 5, 10 and 50 naira to polymer notes.

On the 1000 naira notes, there is a subtle shiny strip running down the back of the note. It is a shimmery gold colour showing 1000 naira. The triangular shape in the middle of the front of the note changes its colour from green to blue when tilted. The main feature on the front is the engraved portraits of Alhaji Aliyu Mai-Bornu and Dr Clement Isong, former governors of the Central Bank of Nigeria.

On the first prints of the 100 naira notes issued starting December 1, 1999, Zuma Rock was captioned as located in Federal Capital Territory, while actually it is in Niger State. Later prints removed the reference to FCT, ABUJA.

In 2012 the Central Bank of Nigeria may be contemplating the introduction of new currency denominations of N5,000. The bank has also made plans to convert ₦5, ₦10, ₦20 and ₦50 into coins which are all presently notes.

The Central Bank of Nigeria has announced that it will no longer issue banknotes on polymer due to higher costs and environmental issues.

On November 12, 2014, the Central Bank of Nigeria issued a special 100 naira note to celebrate the 100 years of Nigeria's existence. The notes are similar to its regular ones with the portrait of Chief Obafemi Awolowo on front, but is redesigned to include a new color style. It has the text "One Nigeria, Great Promise" in microprinting and a quickresponse code (QRC) which when scanned leads users to a website about Nigeria's history on the back.


Currency symbol

A currency symbol is a short symbol used as for a currency's name.

When writing currency amounts the location of the symbol varies by currency. Many currencies in the English-speaking world and Latin America, place it before the amount (e.g., R$50,00). The Cape Verdean escudo places its symbol in the decimal separator position (i.e., 20$00). The usage of many European countries, such as France, Germany, Scandinavian countries, is to place the symbol after the amount 20,50 €.

Barry Norman

Barry Leslie Norman, CBE (21 August 1933 – 30 June 2017) was a British movie critic, journalist and television presenter. He was best known for presenting "Film..." on BBC One from 1972 to 1998, the programme's longest-running host.

He was the brother of script editor and director Valerie Norman.

Bebe Neuwirth

Bebe Neuwirth is an American actress.

Paul Hardin III

Paul Hardin III (June 11, 1931 – July 1, 2017) was an American academic administrator. He was the chancellor of the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill from 1988 to 1995, president of Wofford College from 1968 to 1972, of Southern Methodist University from 1972 to 1974, and of Drew University from 1974 to 1988. 

Hardin died at his Chapel Hill home of ALS-related complications on July 1, 2017, aged 86.

Test Mode

A Test Mode is a secret mode hidden in an electronic device that allows a manufacturer to test the product before it gets sent to the consumer. A consumer can access the test mode by pressing some buttons and either inserting the battery or holding down and letting go of the reset button. On entering a test mode, the electronic device will do random sounds and other things, like giving out a version number and producing a loud beep to confirm that the speaker is working. The main part of the test mode is either a rapid fire or manual sound playing program on which the electronic device cycles through it's list of sounds.

Test Modes in electronic handheld games are often accessed for creativity purposes on which the consumer can record the sounds they need to make skits, commercials and other things.

Bernie Sanders' Dank Meme Stash

Bernie Sanders' Dank Meme Stash is a Facebook group where members can share and discuss Internet memes relating to Bernie Sanders, an American politician and junior United States senator from Vermont. Sanders was a candidate for the Democratic nomination for President of the United States in the 2016 U.S. presidential election and was a candidate for the Democratic nomination in the 2020 U.S. presidential election. The page has been thought to have boosted Sanders' popularity among millennials more than Hillary Clinton or Donald Trump.

, the group had about 394,448 members. The content of Bernie Sanders' Dank Meme Stash is user submitted. Members of the group create posts as commentary for Sanders and his presidential campaign. Many of the posts edit the politician into memes.

One notable meme from the page, "Bernie v. Hillary", features a political poster comparing the two candidates on a particular issue mainly depicting Clinton as the less favorable option with Sanders being the preferred option.

The group was created in early October 2015 by college student Will Dowd and author Sean Walsh with the purpose of supporting the 2016 Bernie Sanders presidential campaign.

A spin-off dating group, Bernie Sanders Dank Meme Singles, was founded by nonprofit director Beth Hannah, who works for the Human Resource Development Council in Havre, Montana. Members post either Internet memes, personal advertisements, or selfies.

Darrall Imhoff

Darrall Tucker Imhoff (October 11, 1938 – June 30, 2017) was an American former professional basketball player. He spent twelve seasons in the NBA (1960–72), playing for six teams. Imhoff was the starting center for the New York Knicks, and played for 20 minutes in the game when Wilt Chamberlain scored an NBA personal scoring record of 100 points.

Imhoff died on June 30, 2017 in Bend, Oregon of a heart attack at the age of 78.


Gwalior

Gwalior is a city in Madhya Pradesh, India. One of the prominent landmarks of Gwalior is Gwalior Fort of the Tomara dynasty.

Barang Tehsil

Barang is a tehsils (sub divisional headquarter) in Bajaur Agency, Pakistan.

Mugena

Mugena is a village and former municipality of the district Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 13 March 2005 the former municipalities of Breno, Arosio, Fescoggia, Mugena and Vezio merged into the new municipality of Alto Malcantone.

Vezio

Vezio is a village and former municipality of the district of Lugano in the canton of Ticino in Switzerland.

On 13 March 2005 the former municipalities of Breno, Arosio, Fescoggia, Mugena and Vezio merged into the new municipality of Alto Malcantone.

Veltheim (disambiguation)

Veltheim can mean:

Angerville

Angerville can mean:


Saint-Gingolph

Saint-Gingolph can mean:

Wetzikon (disambiguation)

Wetzikon is the name of two villages in Switzerland:

Thundorf

The name Thundorf can mean:

Zurich, Kansas

Zurich is a city in Rooks County, Kansas, United States. In 2020, 89 people lived there.

Zurich was created on the plains of northwest Kansas in the late 1870s. In 1880, John and Armenda Webb, who were born in Zurich, Switzerland, filed a US postal service application using the name of their birthplace, Zurich. The application was approved. Armenda Webb became the first postmaster of Zurich. She ran the post office from her home.

Union Pacific Railroad built a railroad through western Kansas in 1888. The line was went just south of Zurich where a train depot was created.

In 1918, fire destroyed most of the Zurich business district when the west side of Main Street caught fire. Three years later, fire destroyed the post office, creamery, and a store in northern Main Street.

The post office in Zurich was ended in 1996.

Zurich is at (39.232265, -99.4347). The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . All of it is land.

In 2020, there were 89 people, 46 households, and 22 families living in Zurich. Of the households, 82.6% owned their home and 17.4% rented their home.

The median age was 47.8 years. Of the people, 93.3% were White, 1.1% were Native American, 1.1% were Asian, 1.1% were Pacific Islanders, 3.4% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 4.5% of the people.

In 2010, there were 99 people, 46 households, and 24 families living in Zurich.

Zurich High School was to Palco High School in 1955. Zurich grade school closed in 1977. The Zurich grade school mascot was the Wildcats.


Rooks County, Kansas

Rooks County (standard abbreviation: RO) is a county of the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, 4,919 people lived there. The county seat is Stockton, and the largest city is Plainville.

Rooks County was founded on February 26, 1867 and named for Private John C. Rooks of the 11th Kansas Infantry who died at the Battle of Prairie Grove near Fayetteville, Arkansas, during the Civil War.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that is land and (0.5%) is water.





Rooks County is divided into twelve townships. None of the cities within the county are considered "governmentally independent", and all figures for the townships include those of the cities. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.


Plainville, Kansas

Plainville is a city in Rooks County, Kansas, United States. 1,746 people lived there in the 2020 United States Census.

Stockton, Kansas

Stockton is a city in the U.S. state of Kansas. It is the county seat of Rooks County. 1,480 people lived there in the 2020 United States Census.

Damar, Kansas

Damar is a city in Rooks County, Kansas, United States. 112 people lived there in the 2020 United States Census.

Data center

Data center is a special building or room built to house a lot of running computer servers. It provides fast network connections between servers to communicate and process a lot of data, and some for talking to the outside world. There are cooling machines to deal with heat from each server and control moisture to stop computers from breaking too fast. There is often an emergency electricity supply from an UPS (or diesel generator) to make sure that computers still work even when mains power goes out. And there are usually some kind of fire extinguishers there to keep fire from computers if there happen to be any.

Data centers are normally built and used by companies that need a lot of always-on computer, companies that are hired to do computing for someone else (for example, ones that do web hosting), and most modern telecommunication companies.


Pennsauken Township, New Jersey

Pennsauken is a township in Camden County, New Jersey, United States. It is a suburb of Philadelphia which is across the Delaware River. They are connected by the Betsy Ross Bridge.

The township includes Petty's Island, a island in the Delaware River.

Marc-André Fleury

Marc-André Fleury (born November 28, 1984) is a French-Canadian ice hockey goaltender. He plays for the Minnesota Wild. He also played for the Pittsburgh Penguins, Vegas Golden Knights, and Chicago Blackhawks.

He has also played hockey internationally for the Canadian men's national team. During his time with Team Canada, Fleury won the gold medal at the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver. 

Rookie

A rookie is a person who is new at a task. The term rookie is often used to describe a person who is new, or, a status at playing sports or games.

Ice cream float

An ice cream float is a beverage. It has ice cream in either a soft drink or in a mixture of flavored syrup and carbonated water. It can also be called soda (United States, United Kingdom, Canada, South Africa and East Asia), coke float (United Kingdom), root beer float (United States, Canada) or spider (Australia and New Zealand).

Root beer

Root beer is a sweet soda. It is traditionally made using sassafras or sarsaparilla as the main flavor. 

It does not have caffeine, though some root beer makers add caffeine. It can be carbonated or non-carbonated. Modern, commercially produced root beer is generally sweet, foamy, carbonated, nonalcoholic, and flavoured using artificial sassafras flavouring.

A&amp;W (Canada)

A&W Food Services of Canada, Inc. is a Canadian fast food restaurant chain. The first Canadian A&W restaurant opened in Winnipeg, Manitoba in 1956. A&W is known best for their root beer.

A&W Canada was part of the U.S.-based A&W Restaurants chain, but was sold to Unilever in 1972. In 1995 Unilever sold the company. It no longer has any corporate connection to A&W operations outside of Canada. The company has more locations than the United States even though the population is smaller in Canada.


Trogen

Trogen is a municipality of the canton of Appenzell Ausserrhoden in Switzerland. The town is the seat of the canton's judical authorities.


Buethwiller

Buethwiller () is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.


Drive-in

A drive-in is a place (such as a restaurant or movie theater) where customers drive in with a car for service. 

At a drive-in restaurant waiters are called carhops. They take food orders from drivers in their parked cars then return with the food. Drive-in theaters have a large screen and a car parking area.

Depok

Depok () is a city in West Java Province, Indonesia. It is south of Jakarta. It is in the Jabodetabek metropolitan area.

Ice cream van

An ice cream van (British English) or ice cream truck (American English) is a vehicle that serves ice cream. Ice cream vans are often parked at public events, or near parks and beaches.

Ice cream vans often drive near where children play such as schools and in neighbourhoods. They usually stop before going to the next street.

Ice cream vans are usually brightly decorated and have images of ice creams and cartoon characters on them. 

Ice cream vans have a large serving hatch with a large sliding window at the side of the van. Many times the window has small pictures of the available ice creams with their prices. 

Lodi, California

Lodi is a city located in San Joaquin County, California, United States.

Arrondissement of Dole

The arrondissement of Dole is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Jura "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Dole.

When the "arrondissements" of Jura were created in 1800, Dole was one of them in the Jura department.

The "arrondissement" of Dole is in the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the Jura department; it has an area of . It has a population of 83,701 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Dole is bordered to the north by the Haute-Saône department, to the east by Doubs department, to the south by the "arrondissement" Lons-le-Saunier, to the southwest by the Saône-et-Loire department and to the west by the Côte-d'Or department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Dole, there are five cantons and they have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":


The "arrondissement" of Dole has 191 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Lester Speight

Lester Speight (born August 28, 1963), also known as Rasta, is a former American football player and current actor. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland. He achieved significant recognition for his portrayal of Terry Tate:Office Linebacker in a series of Reebok commercials that debuted during Super Bowl XXXVII and received further recognition for his portrayal of Augustus Cole in the Gears of War series of video games.

Lester Speight was born in Baltimore, Maryland, to Gussie Watson and Walter Speight. He graduated from Old Mill High School in Millersville, Maryland, in 1981, where he excelled in football, track, and basketball. He attended Morgan State University from 1981 to 1985 and was a Division 1 All-American Linebacker.


Nissan Serena

The Nissan Serena is a series of minivans built by Nissan Motor Company. The assembly for the Nissan Serena is in Oppama, Japan. They are sold in Japan, North America, and Europe. The first Serena arrived in 1991. It was followed by its second generation in 1999, third generation in 2005, and fourth generation in 2010. The fifth generation has been on sale since 2016.

The first-generation Serena was launched in 1991.

The Nissan Vanette was a series of small vans built in Spain by Nissan Motors alongside the European Serena models. The van was produced in two versions, the Vanette E and the Vanette Cargo. Both were shells of the Serena.

In June 1998, LDV Limited sold a rebranded version of the Vanette Cargo called the LDV Cub. It was sold in Britain. The model was discontinued in 2001. It was replaced by a version of the Renault Trafic, called the Nissan Primastar.

The second-generation Serena was launched in Japan in July 1999.

The third-generation Serena was launched in Japan in May 2005. This model was only sold in Japan, Hong Kong, Malaysia, Singapore, Indonesia and Brunei.

The fourth-generation Serena was launched in Japan in November 2010. This model was only sold in Japan, Hong Kong, Malaysia and Indonesia.

The fifth-generation Serena was launched in July 2016.

1992 Arab Cup

The 1992 Arab Cup (Arabic: ) was the 6th Arab Cup tournament. Egypt won the tournament after defeating Saudi Arabia in the final.

The tournament was part of the 1992 Pan Arab Games, but also counted for the Arab Cup.

Iraq was banned from the tournament because of the Gulf War.



FC Akhmat Grozny

FC Akhmat Grozny (Chechen: футболан клуб Ахмат Соьлжа-ГӀала, "futbolan klub akhmat cölzha ġala"; Russian: Республиканский футбольный клуб Ахмат Грозный, "Respublikanskiy futbol'nyy klub akhmat groznyy"; Republican Football Club Akhmat Grozny) is a association football club from Grozny, Chechnya, Russia. From 1958 until 2017, the club was named Terek Grozny. The club plays in the Russian Premier League.

The club is currently named after the 1st Chechen President, Akhmad Kadyrov

Akhmat Grozny currently plays their games in the Akhmat-Arena. Because of the war in Chechnya, from the 1990's to 2007 they played their home games in Pyatigorsk, Stavropol Krai. Before the 2008 season, the Russian Football Union allowed the club to play their home matches in Grozny.



Leon Goretzka

Leon Christoph Goretzka (born 6 February 1995) is a German professional footballer who plays as a midfielder for Bayern Munich and the Germany national team.



Le Donjon

Le Donjon is a commune in the Allier department in central France.


Buhl, Haut-Rhin

Buhl is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Burnhaupt-le-Bas

Burnhaupt-le-Bas is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Burnhaupt-le-Haut

Burnhaupt-le-Haut is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in the east France.

Buschwiller

Buschwiller is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Carspach

Carspach is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Fulda (disambiguation)

Fulda can mean:



Lodrino

Lodrino can mean:


Ashland, Ohio

Ashland is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is the county seat of Ashland County.

Ashland County, Ohio

Ashland County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 52,447 people lived there. The county seat is Ashland.

The county has a total area of .




Ashtabula, Ohio

Ashtabula is a city in Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States, and the center of the Ashtabula Micropolitan Statistical Area.

As of the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 17,975.

Ashtabula County, Ohio

Ashtabula County is the northeasternmost county in the U.S. state of Ohio. As of the 2020 census, the population was 97,574. The county seat is Jefferson.

Paint Rock, Texas

Paint Rock is a town of Texas in the United States. It is the county seat of Concho County.

Paducah, Texas

Paducah is a town in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Cottle County.

Paducah

Paducah can mean:

Oberrieden

Oberrieden can mean:

Wiler (disambiguation)

Wiler can mean:

Bendorf

Bendorf can mean:

Trient

Trient can mean:

Eschenbach

Eschenbach can mean:



Staufen

Staufen can mean:

Burnhaupt

Burnhaupt is the name of two communes in Haut-Rhin:

Bourbach

Bourbach is the name of two communes in Haut-Rhin:

Bouxwiller

Bouxwiller is the name of the following communes in France:

Homberg

Homberg can mean:





Jura-Nord vaudois (district)

Jura-Nord vaudois District () is a district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The capital is the city of Yverdon-les-Bains. The population (in December 2015) was 89,364.

These municipalities are part of the district:

Lavaux-Oron (district)

The Lavaux-Oron District () is a district in the Swiss canton of Vaud. The capital is the town of Cully.

Eschenbach (Göppingen)

Eschenbach () is a municipality of the district Göppingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Sonntag, Austria

Sonntag is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Breil/Brigels

Breil/Brigels (, ) is a municipality of the district Surselva of the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2018 the former municipalities of Andiast and Waltensburg/Vuorz merged into the municipality of Breil/Brigels.


Brienz/Brinzauls

Brienz/Brinzauls () was a municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015 the former municipalities of Brienz/Brinzauls, Alvaneu, Alvaschein, Mon, Stierva, Surava and Tiefencastel merged into the new municipality of Albula/Alvra.


Varzo

Varzo is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont.

Varzo is about northeast of Turin and about northwest of Verbania. It is on the border with Switzerland. As of 2004 about 2,209 people lived there. It has an area of .

Varzo borders the following municipalities: Baceno, Bognanco, Crevoladossola, Crodo, Grengiols (Switzerland), Ried-Brig (Switzerland), Trasquera and Zwischbergen (Switzerland).


Cernay, Haut-Rhin

Cernay is a French commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

It is on the river Thur, 17 km northwest of Mulhouse.

Altafulla

Altafulla is a municipality in the "comarca" of the Tarragonès in Catalonia, Spain.


Granby, Quebec

Granby (as of the 2011 census population 63,433) is a town in southwestern Quebec. It is between Montreal and Sherbrooke. Pascal Bonin is the mayor of Granby.

Cable ferry

A cable ferry (known as chain ferry, swing ferry, floating bridge, or punt) is a ferry that is guided (and in some cases propelled) across a river by cables connected to both shores. Early cable ferries used either rope or steel chains, with the latter resulting in the name "chain ferry". Both of these were replaced by wire cable in the 19th century.


Šiauliai

Šiauliai is the fourth-largest city in Lithuania. In 2016 about 102,000 people lived in the city. From 1994 to 2010 it was the capital of Šiauliai County.

Šiauliai is twinned with:


Sogod, Southern Leyte

Sogod is a municipality in the province of Southern Leyte, Philippines.

Sliema

Sliema is a town on the northeast coast of Malta in the Northern Harbour District. It is a major residential and commercial area and a centre for shopping, dining and café life. About 26,000 people lived there in 2013.



Arrondissement of Saint-Claude

The arrondissement of Saint-Claude is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Jura "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Saint-Claude.

When the "arrondissements" of Jura were created in 1800, Saint-Claude was one of them in the Jura department.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Claude is in the southwest of the Jura "département"; it is the smaller "arrondissement" with an area of . It has a population of 50,909 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" with fewest people living in it, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Claude is bordered to the north and west by the "arrondissement" Lons-le-Saunier, to the east by Switzerland and to the south by the Ain "département."

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Saint-Claude, there are five cantons and three of them have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":


The "arrondissement" of Saint-Claude has 60 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Boyd County, Kentucky

Boyd County is a county in Kentucky. Its county seat is Catlettsburg. At the 2020 census, 48,261 people lived in the county.

Arrondissement of Lons-le-Saunier

The arrondissement of Lons-le-Saunier is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Jura "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Lons-le-Saunier.

When the "arrondissements" of Jura were created in 1800, Lons-le-Saunier was one of them in the Jura department.

The "arrondissement" of Lons-le-Saunier is the largest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of . It has a population of 126,071 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Lons-le-Saunier is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" Dole, to the east by the Doubs department, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" Saint-Claude, to the southwest by the Ain department and to the west by the Saône-et-Loire department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Lons-le-Saunier, there are nine cantons and seven of them have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Lons-le-Saunier has 258 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Norman Dorsen

Norman Dorsen (September 4, 1930 – July 1, 2017) was an American lawyer. He was the Frederick I. and Grace A. Stokes Professor of Law and Co-Director of the Arthur Garfield Hays Civil Liberties Program at the New York University School of Law. 

Dorsen specialized in Constitutional Law, Civil Liberties, and Comparative Constitutional Law. He was president of the American Civil Liberties Union from 1976 through 1991. He was also president of the Society of American Law Teachers, 1972–1973, and president of the U.S. Association of Constitutional Law in 2000. 

Dorsen successfully argued the case of "In re Gault", 387 U.S. 1 (1967), before the U.S. Supreme Court which held that juveniles accused of crimes in a delinquency proceeding must be afforded many of the same due process rights as adults. He argued Supreme Court cases "Levy v. Louisiana" (1968), ensuring equal protection for out-of-wedlock children, and "United States v. Vuitch" (1971), the first abortion case to reach the Court.

Dorsen died on July 1, 2017 in Manhattan, New York from complications of a stroke, aged 86.


Ayan Sadakov

Ayan Faikov Sadakov () (26 September 1961 – 1 July 2017) was a Bulgarian footballer and a key member of the Bulgarian national team in the 1986 FIFA World Cup.

Sadakov began his club career at the local Lokomotiv Plovdiv. For "The Smurfs" he played eleven seasons, before transferring to Portugal's C.F. Os Belenenses in 1989. Two years later he return in Lokomotiv and played two years, before signed with Botev Plovdiv in summer 1994. Sadakov made 80 appearances for Bulgaria, between 1981 and 1991 and scored 9 goals. He played in four matches for his country at 1986 FIFA World Cup.

Sadakov had been appointed on September 29, 2008 as a manager of Lokomotiv Plovdiv a second time to replace Dragan Kanatlarovski.

In 2014, Sadakov announced he was diagnosed with ALS. He died on 1 July 2017, aged 55.

Eschenbach in der Oberpfalz

Eschenbach in der Oberpfalz is a town in Neustadt an der Waldnaab, in Bavaria, Germany. It is 25 km west of Neustadt an der Waldnaab, 30 km west of Weiden in der Oberpfalz, and 28 km southeast of Bayreuth. It is also about 1 km north of the large US military base in Grafenwöhr.

Smith Hart

Smith Stewart Hart (November 28, 1948 – July 2, 2017) was an American-Canadian professional wrestler and a member of the Hart wrestling family. His parents were Stu and Helen Hart. 

Smith was the first of their twelve children, being one of their eight sons, Bruce, Keith, Wayne, Dean, Bret, Ross and Owen followed him. 

Hart wrestled for the majority of his career in Canada but also worked shortly in other countries and was best known for his time in Stampede Wrestling and for his appearances for WWE.

On July 2, 2017, Hart died at his Calgary, Alberta home at the age of 68 of prostate and bone cancer. he suffered from cancer since January 2016.

Hömberg

Hömberg is a municipality in the district of Rhein-Lahn, in Rhineland-Palatinate, in western Germany.

Vladimir Malaniuk

Vladimir Pavlovich Malaniuk (Malanyuk) (Ukraine: Володимир Павлович Маланюк; July 21, 1956 – July 2, 2017) was a Ukrainian chess Grandmaster. He was born in Arkhangelsk, Soviet Union. Thought by many to be one of the more colourful characters on the chess circuit, he was known for rapid chess, which was showed at some of the world's most well known 'speed chess' tournaments.

In 2005, he finished second at the Tallinn (Keres Memorial) rapid event, behind Alexey Shirov but ahead of such luminaries as Anatoly Karpov and Boris Gelfand. 

Malaniuk died of kidney cancer in Amsterdam on July 2, 2017 at the age of 60.


Orri Vigfússon

Orri Vigfússon (10 July 1942 – 1 July 2017) was an Icelandic entrepreneur and environmentalist. His work was to "restore the abundance of wild salmon that formerly existed on both sides of the North Atlantic". He was born in Siglufjörður, Iceland.

In 2004 Time Magazine named him a "European Hero". He was awarded the Goldman Environmental Prize in 2007 for his efforts on saving endangered species.

Vigfússon died on 1 July 2017 in Reykjavik, Iceland of lung cancer at the age of 74.

Silver Donald Cameron

Silver Donald Cameron (June 21, 1937 – June 1, 2020) was a Canadian journalist, author, playwright and university teacher. He was born in Toronto. His writing focuses on social justice, nature and the environment. 

His 15 books of non-fiction deal with everything from history and politics to education and community development. An avid sailor, Cameron has written several books about ships and the sea. He is the author of a young adult novel and a thriller, both set in Nova Scotia where he has lived for more than 40 years. 

Two of his books, "The Education of Everett Richardson" (1977) and "The Living Beach" (1998) are included in "Atlantic Canada's 100 Greatest Books".

Cameron died of lung cancer in Halifax, Nova Scotia on June 1, 2020 at the age of 82.

Homburg

Homburg or Hombourg may refer to






Hamburg (disambiguation)

Hamburg, officially the "Free and Hanseatic City of Hamburg", is Germany's second-largest city and a federated state.

Hamburg may also refer to:





Tatiana Zatulovskaya

Tatiana Yakovlevna Zatulovskaya ( , ) (8 December 1935 – 2 July 2017) was an Israeli (formerly Soviet and Russian) chess player. She held the title of Woman Grandmaster (WGM) and was twice women's senior world champion. Her last name may also be spelled as "Zatulovskaia" or "Zatulovskaja". Zatulovskaya was a three-time winner of the Women's Soviet Chess Championship (1960, 1962, and 1963).

In 1961, she was awarded by FIDE the title of Woman International Master (WIM). In 1976, Zatulovskaya became a Woman Grandmaster. She represented the USSR at the 1963 and 1966 Women's Chess Olympiads.

In the 1960s and the 1970s she often qualified for Interzonals and Candidates Tournaments for the Women's World Chess Championship.

In 1993, she won the Women's Seniors World Championship with 10 out of 11 points (10 wins, 0 losses, and 2 draws). In 1997, she became again the World Champion among senior women.

In 2000, she emigrated to Israel. As of April 2009, Zatulovskaya's rating was 2034.

Zatulovskaya was born in Baku. She died of liver failure in Tel Aviv at the age of 81.

Hamberg

Hamberg can be the surname of a person. It may also refer to:



Hamberg, North Dakota

Hamberg is a town in Wells County, North Dakota, United States. 11 people lived there in 2020.

2004 Russian Premier League

The 2004 Russian Premier League (Russian: Чемпионат России по футболу 2004, "Chempionat Rossii po futbolu 2004") was the 3rd Russian Premier League season, and the 13th top division football tournament. It was played from 12 March to 12 November 2004. Lokomotiv Moscow won their 2nd title, and Aleksandr Kerzhakov was the top scorer with 18 goals.

18 goals


17 goals


15 goals


10 goals



Hombourg

Hombourg is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.

Hombourg-Budange

Hombourg-Budange is a commune in the Moselle department in Grand Est in north-eastern France.


José Luis Cuevas

José Luis Cuevas (February 26, 1934 – July 3, 2017) was a Mexican artist. He was born in Mexico City.

Cuevas was one of the first to challenge the then dominant Mexican muralism movement as a member of the Generación de la Ruptura (Breakaway Generation). He was a mostly self-taught artist, whose styles and influences are moored to the darker side of life, often depicting distorted figures and the debasement of humanity. He had remained a controversial figure throughout his career, not only for his often shocking images, but also for his opposition to writers and artists who he feels participate in corruption or create only for money.

In 1992, the José Luis Cuevas Museum was opened in the historic center of Mexico City holding most of his work and his personal art collection.

Cuevas died on July 3, 2017 in Mexico City at the age of 83.



Russian Football National League

The Russian Football National League (Russian: Первенство Футбольной Национальной Лиги, "Pervenstvo Futbol'noy Natsional'noy Ligi"; previously named the Russian First Division (Russian: Первый дивизион; "Pervyy divizion") is the second level of professional Russian football. The best teams in each season get promoted to the Russian Premier League, while the worst teams in each season get sent to the Professional Football League.


Solvi Stubing

Solvi Stubing (19 January 1941 – 3 July 2017) was a German-Italian actress, model and television personality. She was born in Berlin, Stubing obtained wide popularity in Italy with a commercial for Peroni Beer, and starred in many movies, often of modest value, in several genres of Italian cinema. For many years, between the 1980s and the 1990s, she hosted a number of television programs about cinema. She was known for her roles in "" (1969), "Garringo" (1969), "Blindman" (1971) and "Strip Nude for Your Killer" (1975).

Stubing died on 3 July 2017 at her home in Rome from multiple myeloma at the age of 76.

Paolo Villaggio

Paolo Villaggio (; 30 December 1932 – 3 July 2017) was an Italian actor, voice actor, writer, director and comedian. He was born in Genoa, Liguria.

He was known for the characters he created with paradoxical and rude characteristics: Professor Kranz, the ultra-timid Giandomenico Fracchia, and the comedic Ugo Fantozzi. He authored several books, usually of satirical character. He also acted in dramatic roles, and appeared in several movies.

Villaggio died in Rome of complications from diabetes on 3 July 2017 at the age of 84.

Murmansk State Technical University

The Murmansk State Technical University (Russian: Мурманский Государственный Технический Университет, "Murmanskiy Gosudarstvennyy Tekhnicheskiy Universitet"; abbreviated as MSTU in English and МГТУ in Russian) is a public university in Murmansk. It was founded in 1950 as the Murmansk High Marine School (Russian: Мурманское Высшее Мореходное Училище). There are currently around 6,000 to 8,000 students attending the university.



Ares (DC Comics)

Ares (also known as Mars or War) is a fictional supervillain appearing in comic books published by DC Comics. Based on the Greek mythological figure of the same name, he is the Greek god of war and serves as a major adversary of the superhero Wonder Woman within the DC Universe.

The character has appeared in various forms of media. Alfred Molina voiced him in the 2009 direct-to-video animated movie "Wonder Woman". Ares later made his live-action debut in the 2017 movie "Wonder Woman", where he is portrayed by English actor David Thewlis.

Darkseid

Darkseid (pronounced "Darkside") is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Created by writer-artist Jack Kirby, the character made a cameo appearance in "Superman's Pal Jimmy Olsen" #134 (Dec. 1970) before making his full first appearance in "Forever People" #1 (Feb. 1971).

As the tyrannical ruler of the planet Apokolips, Darkseid's ultimate goal is to conquer the universe and eliminate all free will. One of the most powerful beings in the DC Universe, the character became a staple Superman villain and a major enemy of the Justice League. Darkseid was ranked number 6 on IGN's top 100 comic book villains of all time and number 23 on Wizard's 100 greatest villains of all time.

The character has been substantially adapted into various forms of media, most notably being voiced by Frank Welker in "" and "", by Michael Ironside in the DC animated universe, and by Andre Braugher in "". 

After being referenced multiple times in the DC Extended Universe, Darkseid made his live-action debut in the movie "Zack Snyder's Justice League" with Ray Porter playing him in 2021.

Alfonso Arau

Alfonso Arau Incháustegui (born January 11, 1932) is a Mexican actor, screenwriter and director. He was born in Mexico City. His career began in 1954. He was known for his roles as Captain Herrera in Sam Peckinpah's 1969 western, "The Wild Bunch", chief bandit El Guapo in "Three Amigos!" (1986), shady businessman Manuel in the comedy "Used Cars" (1980), and the smuggler Juan in "Romancing the Stone" (1984). He directed the movies "", "Like Water for Chocolate" and "A Walk in the Clouds".


The Wild Bunch

The Wild Bunch is a 1969 American epic Western Technicolor and Panavision movie directed by Sam Peckinpah about an aging outlaw gang on the Texas–Mexico border, trying to exist in the changing modern world of 1913. The movie was controversial because of its graphic violence and its portrayal of crude men attempting to survive by any available means.

The movie, whose screenplay was written by Peckinpah and Walon Green, stars William Holden, Robert Ryan, Ernest Borgnine, Ben Johnson, Alfonso Arau and Warren Oates. It was filmed in Mexico.

Murmansk

Murmansk (Russian: Му́рманск) is a port city in northwestern Russia. It is located within the Murmansk Oblast. As of 2019, the city has a population of 292,465 people.

The first Murmansk settlement was founded in 1915. It was founded during World War I so Russia's allies could send supplies to a port that wasn't blocked by ice as Archangelsk and Saint Petersburg were. The location soon had a naval base and port. The settlement became an official city in 1916, and was named Romanov-on-Murman (Russian: Рома́нов-на-Му́рмане, Romanov-na-Murmane). The city was given it's current name on 16 April 1917.

From 1918 to 1920, during the Russian Civil War, the city was occupied by the White army and the Triple Entente.

During World War II, the city was an important link to the Western world for the Soviet Union. They traded supplies during the war. In 1941, the German and Finnish forces launched Operation Silver Fox with the goal of capturing Murmansk. The Soviets defeated the invaders, but Murmansk suffered a lot of destruction.

Murmansk is headquarters of the Northern Fleet of the Russian Navy. During the Cold War it was a center for Soviet submarine activity.

In 1974, a large 36 meter (118 feet) tall monument was built in the city. It is called the Alyosha Monument. It was built in remembrance of all who fought for Murmansk in World War II. On 6 May 1985, Murmansk was formally called a Hero City (which is a title awarded to cities in the Soviet Union that performed outstanding heroism during WW2).

The Arctic Hotel opened in 1984, and became the tallest building above the Arctic Circle.

The main industries in Murmansk are fishing, sea transport, rail and road transportation, marine geology, etc.

The city's population has been shrinking since 1992. At it's peak, the city had a population of around 489,000 people in 1989. Between 1989 and 1992, more than 28,000 people left the city. This was because of the sudden deterioration in the economic situation.

According to the 2010 census, the ethnic composition is:


In 2016, 16.5% of the population was under 15 years of age, while 54.7% was between 16 and 56, and 28.7% of the population was older than 56. This means that the city has a older population compared to the entire Murmansk Oblast.

Murmansk has a subarctic climate. This means that the city has long and cold winters and short, cool summers. Murmansk is above the arctic circle, so the city experiences polar nights.


Old Synagogue (Erfurt)

The Old Synagogue (German:"Alte Synagoge") in Erfurt, in central Germany, is one of the best preserved medieval synagogues in Europe. The oldest parts were built in the late 11th century. Most parts of the building are from around 1250 to 1320. In 2015 it was proposed as a World Heritage Site. 

It has been a museum of local Jewish history since 2009. The Erfurt Treasure is kept there. This is a collection of medieval coins, jewellery and metalwork found in 1998. The museum also has copies of the Erfurt Hebrew Manuscripts. This is a collection of rare religious manuscripts that belonged to the Jewish community of Erfurt in the middle ages.

The oldest parts of the building date from 1094. About 1270 a larger synagogue, which included parts of the older building, was built. The western wall of the building dates from this time. It has its six original windows. Another storey was added in the early 1300s.
In 1349, many people died from the Black Death disease. People said it was the fault of the Jews. The Jews were murdered and made to leave the city. This pogrom is known as the Erfurt Massacre. The synagogue was damaged and Erfurt City Council took control of the building. They later sold it to a local business man. He used it as a warehouse and made changes to the interior, including building a cellar. For the next 500 years it was used for storing goods. 

From the 19th century, the building was used as a ballroom, a restaurant and even a bowling alley. These changes meant that the Old Synagogue was mostly forgotten about. Its history was not recognised, which helped to protect it during the Nazi period.

In the late 1980s there was renewed interest in the old building. The architectural historian Elmar Altwasser began to research it in 1992. Erfurt City Council bought the property in 1998 and researched and conserved it. All stages of the building's history were conserved, not just its use as a Synagogue.

In 2007 a rare and well-preserved Jewish ritual bath, a Mikveh, was discovered not far from the Old Synagogue by archaeologists. It was built about 1250.

In 2015 the Old Synagogue and Mikveh, and a stone house in Erfurt's medieval city centre, also built around 1250 that had belonged to Jews, were proposed as a World Heritage Site. This has been provisionally listed but no final decision has been made.

The Old Synagogue opened as a museum on 27 October 2009.

The Erfurt Treasure is displayed in the museum. This is a collection of coins, jewellery and metalwork that is thought to have belonged to Jews who hid them at the time of the Erfurt massacre in 1349. It was found in 1998 in the wall of a house in a medieval Jewish neighbourhood in Erfurt. 

The museum also displays copies of the Erfurt Hebrew Manuscripts. This is a collection medieval manuscripts written from the 12th to the 14th centuries. They came into the possession of the Erfurt City Council after the Erfurt Massacre in 1349. They were kept at the library at St. Augustine's Monastery in Erfurt from the mid 17th century. In 1880 they were sold to the Royal Library in Berlin, which is now the Berlin State Library. The original manuscripts are kept there.

One of the Erfurt Manuscripts is the Tosefta, dating from the 12th century. The Tosefta is a collection of ancient jewish oral laws collected by scholars in the first 200 years AD. Copies of Tosefta were not made very often. The Erfurt Tosefta is the oldest of only three known Tosefta manuscripts. It was written in the 12th century. The other two Tosefta manuscripts are the Vienna Tosefta, made in the late 13th century, held by the Austrian National Library and the London Tosefta, made in 15th century, held by the British Library.

Moses Samuel Zuckermandel was the first person to point out the importance of the Erfurt Tosefta. He published an important study on it in 1876.


Hindu reform movements

Hindu reform movements in the nineteenth society had many evils prevailing in it like Sati (The practice that a woman will burn herself alive at the funeral pyre of her husband), female infanticide {Killing the girl child at birth(It was mainly practised because their parents thought that it was difficult to find difficult grooms for the girls and if found a huge dowry had to be paid to them)},polygamy , child marriage etc.


Color rendering index

Color rendering index (CRI) is a number rating given to light bulbs or lamps for how "right" they make colors look. This number is usually written on the side of the light bulb's box. The CRI number can be as high as 100, or as low as zero; and sometimes it can go under zero. A high CRI number is good; it means colors will look right and real. A low CRI number is bad; it means colors will look wrong and weird.

However, there is a limit to what a CRI number can say. A good CRI number can guarantee correct colors only when the light itself is white. This is because of limits on how scientists test them. Candles and incandescent light bulbs have CRI 100 but they are not white, so we cannot rely on them to make stuff show real colors.

The CRI number of daylight at noon is 100, because this is the natural way people see colors. Good fluorescent tubes or LED lamps have a CRI 80 or more. Anything white with a CRI 80 or more is good enough for homes. The orange sodium vapor lamp has CRI lower than 0, so they are only used as streetlamps.


Kataragama temple

The Kataragamam temple (, ) complex dedicated to Skanda-Kumara is one of the few religious sites in Sri Lanka that is venerated by the majority Sinhala Buddhists, Hindu minority Sri Lankan Tamil people, Sri Lankan Moors and the Vedda people. It is a collection of modest shrines, of which the one dedicated to Skanda-Kumara, is the most important.

It has been considered hallowed ground since almost three hundred years before the birth of Christ, and is one of the sixteen places said to have been consecrated by Gautama Buddha as he meditated. It was built approximately between 1100 - 15th century 

Legend has it that this happened during the Buddha's third visit to Sri Lanka, during the reign of the provincial King Mahasena in the sixth century BC.
Kataragama is sacred to Lord Murugan, also familiarly known as Kartikeya. Lord Muruga has many shrines and places of worship. Among them are Alaivai, now known as Tiruchendur, a shrine on the southern coast of India about 36 miles from Tinnevelly; Avinankudi, now called as Palani Malai (Palani Hills), about the same distance from Dindigul; and Tiru-Erakam, now known as Swamimalai, a hill about four miles from Kumbakonam. Three of the shrines are situated amid mountains and forests, the deity is known as the God of the mountaneous regions.

Muruga is worshipped as a deity whom embodies the pure Hindu ideal of God being in all things and manifesting himself wherever he is called to with love.There are many stories about Murugan, or Skanda-Kumara as He is more commonly known there. Skanda-Kumara's place of worship is held dear by many Sri Lankans who consider the Kataragama complex and its temples holy and make annual pilgrimages there.

But perhaps the most unique feature of Kataragama, and what makes it really stand out is its relative unassumingness. Almost all its shrines are unremarkable minor buildings free of any embellishment. There is absolutely no representation of deities decorating the exterior of the buildings.

This is in marked contrast to any other Hindu temple in Sri Lanka or India, that are usually covered with carvings and statues of gods and goddesses in colourful scene. Practically all the shrines are made out of stone with the exception of one dedicated to the Goddess Valli which has been constructed with timber.

Almost 2500 years later, Kataragama still holds a special place in the heart of devotees of Lord Muruga

Quaestor

A (, ) was a public official in Ancient Rome. A quaestor did different jobs at different times in Roman history. In the Roman Kingdom, quaestors were appointed by the king to investigate murders. In the Roman Republic, quaestors supervised the state treasury and conducted audits. It was the lowest ranking position in the public service. Because of this many people wanting to become politicians became quaestors as a first step in their career. In the Roman Empire, quaestors were at first relaced by the "" (prefect). Later quaestors became a position appointed by the emperor to lead the imperial council and deal with petitioners.

In modern Italy and Romania, a quaestor is a senior ranking officer on the police force. In some organizations, a quaestor is in charge of the finances, similar to a treasurer in other organizations.

Moscow Oblast

Moscow Oblast (Russian: Моско́вская о́бласть, "Moskovskaya oblast") is a federal subject of Russia. It is located in western Russia, and it completely surrounds Moscow. The oblast has no capital, and oblast officials reside in Moscow or in other cities within the oblast. As of 2015, the oblast has a population of 7,231,068 people.

Balashikha is the biggest city in the oblast, with a population of 215,494 people in 2010.

The oblast is located in the central part of the East European Plain.
The largest rivers are Oka, Moskva and Klyazma.

In 1708 Moscow governorate became one of the 8 first ones in Russia.

In 1929 was established Central Industrial Oblast, in little time renamed in Moscow Oblast.

The Battle of Moscow was fought in the oblast.

According to the 2010 census, the ethnic composition is:
Below is the religious composition of the city:


The largest cities are:


FC Spartak Vladikavkaz

Football Club Spartak Vladikavkaz (Russian: Футбольный клуб «Спартак» Владикавказ, "Futbol'nyy klub «Spartak» Vladikavkaz") is a football club based in Vladikavkaz. The club was founded in 1921, and won their first league title in the 1995 Russian Top League.



Water taxi

A water taxi (also known as a water bus or sightseeing boat,) is a watercraft used to provide public or private transport in an urban area. A water taxi might make multiple stops, similar to a bus, or to on-demand locations, similar to a taxi. A boat service going between two points would normally be called a ferry rather than a water bus or taxi.

Daniil Granin

Daniil Alexandrovich Granin () (1 January 1919 – 4 July 2017), original family name German (),
was an author born in the former Soviet Union. Granin started writing in the 1930s. Granin served as a board member of the Leningrad Union of Writers, and he was a winner of many medals and honors including the State Prize for Literature in 1978 and Hero of Socialist Labor 1989.

Chris Roberts (singer)

Chris Roberts (Christian Klusáček; March 13, 1946 – July 2, 2017) was a German Schlager singer and actor. He was married to the singer and actress Claudia Roberts. They often performed on stage together. He was born in Munich.

Roberts represented Luxembourg as a part of a sextet in the Eurovision Song Contest 1985 in which they sang "Children, Kinder, Enfants". They got 37 points and came 13th place overall.

The first two singles "Baby's gone" and "Welchen Weg soll ich gehen (One more mountain to climb)" were released with his artist name Chris Robert.

Roberts died in Berlin of pancreatic cancer on July 2, 2017 at the age of 71.

Jack Collom

John Aldridge "Jack" Collom (November 8, 1931 – July 2, 2017) was an American poet, essayist, and pedagogue. His twenty-five books include "Red Car Goes By: Selected Poems 1955-2000," "Situation Sings" (with Lyn Hejinian), and "Second Nature", which won the 2013 Colorado Book Award for Poetry. 

In the field of education and pedagogy, he made unique contributions in the subjects of eco-literature, ecopoetics, and creative writing instruction for children.

Collon died in Boulder, Colorado from respiratory failure caused by lung cancer on July 2, 2017, aged 85.



Adriano Galliani

Adriano Galliani (born 30 July 1944) is an Italian entrepreneur and football executive. He served as Deputy vice-chairman and CEO of AC Milan since 1986. During his tenure, Milan have won five European Cup / UEFA Champions League and eight Serie A titles among other achievements.

In 2011, Galliani was inducted into the Italian Football Hall of Fame.


Amala Shankar

Amala Shankar (; 27 June 1919 – July 24, 2020) was an Indian ballerina, actress and artist. She is the wife of Uday Shankar and mother of Ananda Shankar and Mamata Shankar and sister-in-law of Ravi Shankar. Shankar acted in the movie Kalpana directed by Uday Shankar.

Shankar acted in the movie "Kalpana" (1948). The movie was directed by Uday Shankar. Amala played the character of Uma. Amala Shankar attended 2012 Cannes Film Festival where the movie was screened.

Shankar died in Kolkata on July 24, 2020 at the age of 101.

West Ruislip tube station

West Ruislip is a station located on Ickenham Road between Ickenham and Ruislip in the London Borough of Hillingdon in Greater London formerly in Middlesex; it is served by both London Underground (LU) and National Rail trains on independent platforms. It is the western terminus of the LU Central line's West Ruislip branch, with Ruislip Gardens as the next Underground station towards central London. The Central line and Chiltern Railways platforms and ticket office hall are managed by LU. The closest station on the Metropolitan line and Piccadilly line is Ickenham which is 1.1 km from West Ruislip Station.

West Ruislip station is aligned approximately east-west with the main station buildings on the road overbridge across the lines at the western end of the station. The station has four platforms; two each for London Underground and National Rail services. The London Underground tracks are south of the National Rail ones and operate from an island platform whilst the National Rail platforms are outside of their tracks. The National Rail platforms are also served by a separate station building north of the tracks and adjacent to the car park. In a legacy of the original scheme to continue the extension to Denham, the Central line tracks continue for a short distance beyond the station before ending at buffers. The intended alignment of the unbuilt tracks can be seen from the width of the unused railway land south of the existing tracks.

The Central line's Ruislip depot is east of West Ruislip station, and has a connection via a shunting neck to the Network Rail westbound track west of the station to allow rolling stock and material deliveries. The depot also has a connection to the Uxbridge branch tracks of the Metropolitan and Piccadilly Lines which pass under the Central line east of West Ruislip; it is used only for empty stock movements and works train access. Two sidings west of the station to the north of the running lines provide layover facilities for works trains.

There are ticket barriers at the main entrance to the station; these control access to the Central line platforms from the public highway and from the pedestrian walkway linking the car park to the station. The Chiltern platforms can be reached from the car park walkway without tickets, as no ticket barriers are installed to control access

2017 Latvian local elections

Local elections in Latvia were held on 3 June 2017. All 119 municipal councils of the country took part in the elections.

A number of deputies in the council depends on the amount of population in the territory: the bigger the population in the territory is, the more deputies work in the council. The number of deputies can be 9, 13, 15, 17 or 19. The only exclusion is the council of Riga, which is the capital of Latvia. Riga is by far bigger than any other city of Latvia, so its municipal council consists of 60 deputies.

Citizens of Latvia and other countries of the European Union who are over 18 years old have the right to vote in the local elections. In order to vote citizens of other EU countries have to register in the Population Register of Latvia at least 90 days before the election date. Voters take part in the local elections in the territory where they live or where they have real estate. Registration of voters is automatic. People are automatically registered for the local elections on a certain polling station according to the place where they live. However, no later than 18 days before the elections people can change their polling station to any other polling station in the territories where they live or have real estate.

On the election day polling stations work from 7 a.m. to 10 p.m. Three days prior to the election date early voting is possible: polling stations are usually opened for several hours during these days.

599 lists of candidates were registered to participate in the local elections throughout the country. The number of candidates willing to become deputies was 8945. 465 lists were nominated by political parties individually, 31 lists by coalitions of political parties and 103 lists by unions of voters. 77.46% of all candidates were ethnic Latvians, 3.90% ethnic Russians, 0.48% ethnic Poles, 1.37% all others. 16.99% of candidates refused to state their ethnic identity.

11.6% of all voters, which equals 167 thousand people, took part in the early voting from 31 May to 2 June. The total turnout of the local elections was 50.41% or 727839 people.

The following map shows the results of the local elections in different territories of Latvia. The colour, which each territory has, indicates the party, which received the majority of votes in this territory.
The results of local elections in two biggest Latvian cities (Riga and Daugavpils) are given below.

The coalition of Social Democratic Party "Harmony" and party "Proud to serve Riga" ruled Riga before the elections. The representative of "Harmony" Nils Ušakovs was the mayor of the city and the head of the city council. All other parties which took part in the elections agreed to work together to dismiss Ušakovs form the post of mayor.

According to the elections results the coalition of "Harmony" and party "Proud to serve Riga" lost several deputies in the council but received the majority of 32 places out of 60. On 22 June 2017 Nils Ušakovs was reelected as the head of the city council.
Elections in the council of Riga
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=center|Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|%
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Deputies
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Change

Before the elections, the representative of the Latgalian party Jānis Lāčplēsis was the mayor of the city and the head of the city council. He was elected to these posts unanimously (with no deputy voted against) in 2013 after local elections of that year.

According to the elections results the Latgalian party increased the number of its deputies in the council, however, did not receive the majority. At the same time, its rivals Social Democratic Party "Harmony" and "Our party" concluded a coalition agreement. On 26 June 2017 Andrejs Elksniņš from "Harmony" was elected as the mayor and the head of the city council while the leader of "Our party" Rihards Eigims became vice-mayor and the deputy head of the city council.

So the Social Democratic Party "Harmony" became the ruling force in municipal councils of two biggest cities in Latvia.

! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=center|Party
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Votes
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|%
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Deputies
! style="background-color:#E9E9E9" align=right|Change

List of places in Kent

The following is a list of cities, towns and villages in the county of Kent, England, by letter: 

Acol, Acrise Place, Acrise, Addington, Adisham, Aldington, Alkham, Allhallows, Allington, Appledore, Arpinge, Ash, Ash, Ashbank, Ashford, Ashley, Ashurst, Aylesford, Aylesham,

Badgers Mount, Badlesmere, Bapchild, Barfrestone, Barham, Barming, Barnsole, Beachborough, Bean, Bearsted, Bedmonton, Bekesbourne, Beltinge, Beltring, Benenden, Benover, Bessels Green, Bethersden, Betsham, Betteshanger, Beult, Bexon, Bicknor, Bidborough, Biddenden, Bilsington, Bilting, Birchington-on-Sea, Birling, Bishopsbourne, Bladbean, Blean, Blue Bell Hill, Bobbing, Bonnington, Borden, Borough Green, Borstal, Bough Beech, Boughton Aluph, Boughton Green, Boughton Lees, Boughton Malherbe, Boughton Monchelsea, Boughton Street, Boughton under Blean, Boxley, Brabourne Lees, Brabourne, Bramling, Brasted Chart, Brasted, Breach, Bredgar, Bredhurst, Brenchley, Brenzett, Bridge, Broad Oak, Broadstairs, Brogdale, Bromley Green, Brompton, Brook, Brookland, Brooks End, Broomfield, Broomfield, Buckland, Burham, Burmarsh,

Canterbury, Capel (including Somerhill), Capel-le-Ferne, Caring, Chainhurst, Chalk, Challock, Charing, Chart Sutton, Chartham, Chartwell, Chatham, Chattenden, Cheeseman's Green, Chegworth, Cheriton, Chestfield, Chestnut Street, Chevening, Chiddingstone Causeway, Chiddingstone, Chilham, Chillenden, Chilmington Green, Chipstead, Chislet, Church Whitfield, Cliffe Woods, Cliffe, Cliffsend, Cliftonville, Cobham, Coldred, Collier Street, Colliers Green, Conyer, Cooling, Coombe, Conyer, Coursehorn, Cowden, Coxheath, Cranbrook, Crockenhill, Crockham Hill, Crundale, Culverden Down, Culverstone Green, Curtisden Green, Cuxton,

Danton Pinch, Darenth, Dargate, Dartford, Davington, Deal, Denstroude, Denton, Detling, Ditton, Doddington, Dode, Dover, Downswood, Drellingore, Dungeness, Dunkirk, Dunton Green, Dymchurch,

East Barming, East Farleigh, East Langdon, Larkfield, East Malling, East Peckham, East Studdal, East Sutton, Eastchurch, Eastling, Eastry, Eastwell, Ebbsfleet, Ebony, Eccles, Eddington, Edenbridge, Egerton, Elham, Elmley, Elmstone, Elvington, Etchinghill, Ewell Minnis, Eynsford, Eythorne,

Fairbourne, Farningham, Farthingloe, Faversham Without, Faversham, Fawkham Green, Fawkham, Finberry, Finglesham, Five Oak Green, Flete, Folkestone, Fordcombe, Fordwich, Four Elms, Frindsbury Extra, Frindsbury, Frinsted, Frittenden, Frogham, Frogholt,

Garlinge, Gillingham, Godden Green, Godinton, Godmersham, Golden Green, Goodnestone, Goodnestone, Goudhurst, Graveney, Gravesend, Great Chart, Great Mongeham, Greatstone, Greenhill, Greenhithe, Groombridge, Grove Green, Guston,

Hackington, Hacklinge, Hadlow, Hales Place, Halfway Houses, Halling, Halstead, Ham, Hamstreet, Harbledown, Harrietsham, Hartley, Hartley, Hartlip, Harty, Harvel, Hastingleigh, Hawkenbury, Hawkenbury, Hawkhurst, Hawkinge, Hawley, Hawthorn, Headcorn, Heart's Delight, Hempstead, Herne Bay, Herne, Hernhill, Hersden, Hever, Hextable, High Brooms, High Halden, High Halstow, Higham, Highsted, Hildenborough, Hillborough, Hinxhill, Hoaden, Hoath, Hodsoll Street, Hollingbourne, Hoo St Werburgh, Hook Green, Horden, Horsmonden, Horton Kirby, Hothfield, Hougham, Hucking, Hunton, Hythe,

Ickham, Ide Hill, Ightham, Ivy Hatch, Isle of Grain, Istead Rise, Ivychurch, Iwade,

Kearsney, Kemsing, Kemsley, Kenardington, Kennington, Keycol, Kilndown, Kings Hill, Kingsdown, Kingsnorth, Kingston, Kingswood, Kit's Coty, Knockholt, Knowlton,

Lade, Ladingford, Lamberhurst, Langdon, Langley, Langton Green, Leaveland, Leeds, Leigh Green, Leigh, Lenham, Leybourne, Leysdown-on-Sea, Linton, Little Chart, Little Mongeham, Littlebourne, Littlestone-on-Sea, Longfield, Loose, Lordswood, Lower Halstow, Lower Hardres, Luddenham, Luddesdown , Lydd-on-Sea, Lydd, Lydden, Lyminge, Lympne, Lynsted,

Maidstone, Manston, Marden, Margate, Markbeech, Marley, Marley, Marsh Green, Marshborough, Marshside, Martin Mill, Martin, Matfield, Maxton, Meopham Green, Meopham, Mereworth, Mersham, Milebush, Milstead, Milton Regis, Minster, Minster, Mockbeggar, Molash, Monkton, Murston,

Nackington, Nettlestead Green, Nettlestead, New Ash Green, New Barn, New Romney, Newbarn, Newchurch, Newenden, Newingreen, Newington, Newington, Newington, Newnham, Newtown, Nonington, North Street, Northbourne, Northfleet Green, Northfleet, Norton Ash, Buckland, Norton,

Oad Street, Oare, Offham, Olantigh, Old Hawkinge, Old Romney, Orlestone, Ospringe, Otford, Otham, Otterden, Ottinge, Oversland,

Paddlesworth, Paddock Wood, Painters Ash, Painters Forstal, Palm Bay, Park, Park Farm, Park Wood, Park Wood, Patrixbourne, Pedlinge, Peene, Pembury, Penenden Heath, Penshurst , Petham, Pett Bottom, Pineham, Platt, Platts Heath, Plaxtol, Pluckley Thorne, Pluckley, Plucks Gutter, Pollhill, Postling, Preston,

Queenborough,

Rainham Mark, Rainham, Ramsgate, Reading Street, Reading Street, Reculver, Rhodes Minnis, Richborough, Ridley, Ringlestone (suburb), Ringlestone (hamlet), Ringwould, Ripple, River, Riverhead, Rochester, Rodmersham Green, Rolvenden Layne, Rolvenden, Rough Common, Royal Tunbridge Wells, Ruckinge, Rushenden, Rusthall, Ryarsh,

Saltwood, Sandgate, Sandhurst, Sandling, Sandway, Sandwich, Sarre, Seal Chart, Seal (including Stone Street), Sellindge, Selling, Sevenoaks Weald, Sevenoaks, Sevenscore, Sevington, Shadoxhurst, Shatterling, Sheerness, Sheldwich, Shellness, Shepherdswell, Shepway, Shipbourne, Shirkoak, Sholden, Shoreham, Shorne, Singleton, Singlewell, Sissinghurst, Sittingbourne, Small Hythe, Smarden, Smeeth, Snargate, Snave, Snodland, Snowdown, Sole Street, South Darenth, Southborough, Southfleet, Speldhurst, Springhead, St Margaret's at Cliffe, St Mary Hoo, St Mary in the Marsh, St Mary's Bay, St Mary's Island, St Mary's Platt, St Michaels, St Nicholas-at-Wade, St Peter's, Stalisfield, Stanford, Stanhope, Stansted, Staple, Staplehurst, Stelling Minnis, Stockbury, Stoke, Stone Chapel, Stone Cross, Stone in Oxney, Stone, Stonebridge Green, Stourmouth, Strood, Stubbs Cross, Stuppington, Sturry, Sundridge, Sutton Valence, Sutton, Sutton-at-Hone, Swale, Swalecliffe, Swanley Village, Swanley, Swanscombe, SwattendenSwingate,

Tankerton, Temple Ewell, Temple Hill, Tenterden, Teston, Teynham, Thanet, Thanington Without, Thong, Throwley, Thurnham, Tilmanstone, Tonbridge, Tonge, Tovil, Toys Hill, Trottiscliffe, Tunbridge Wells, Tunstall, Twydall, Tyler Hill,

Ulcombe, Underriver, Upchurch, Uplees, Upnor, Upper Harbledown, Upper Hardres, Upstreet,

Vigo,

Wainscott, Waldershare, Walderslade, Walmer, Waltham, Warden, Ware, Warehorne, Waterham, Wateringbury, Weavering, Well Hill, West Brabourne, West Farleigh, West Hythe, West Kingsdown, West Langdon, West Malling, West Peckham, West Studdal, Westbere, Westbrook, Westcliffe, Westenhanger, Westerham, Westgate-on-Sea, Westmarsh, Westwell Leacon, Westwell, Westwood, Whitehill, Whitfield, Whitstable, Wickhambreaux, Wigmore, Willesborough, Wilmington, Wincheap, Wingham, Wingmore, Wittersham, Womenswold, Woodchurch, Woodnesborough, Woolage Green, Woolage Village, Wootton, Wormshill, Worth, Wouldham, Wrotham Heath, Wrotham, Wye,

Yalding, Yorkletts,

ME postcode area

The ME postcode area, also known as the Rochester postcode area, is a group of twenty postcode districts around Medway in Kent, England, the letters in the postcode are derived from. The area is divided into eleven post towns and extends into the districts of Tonbridge and Malling, Swale, Gravesham and Maidstone, as well as all of Medway.

The approximate coverage of the postcode districts:



List of postcode areas in the United Kingdom

The United Kingdom is divided by Royal Mail into postcode areas. The postcode area is the largest geographical unit used and forms the first characters of the alphanumeric UK postcode.

Each postcode area is divided into post towns and postcode districts. The London post town is instead divided into several postcode areas.

The single or pair of letters chosen for postcode areas are generally a mnemonic for the places served.

The Crown dependencies (which are not part of the United Kingdom) did not introduce postcodes until later, but use a similar coding scheme. They are separate postal authorities.

Glasgow, like London, was divided into compass districts: C, W, NW, N, E, SE, S, SW. When postcodes were introduced, these were mapped into the new "G" postcode: C1 became G1, W1 became G11, N1 became G21, E1 became G31, S1 became G41, SW1 became G51, and so on. As NW and SE had never been subdivided they became G20 and G40 respectively.

Norwich and Croydon were used for a postcode experiment in the late 1960s, which was replaced by the current system. The format was of the form NOR or CRO followed by two numbers and a letter, e.g. NOR 07A.

GIR 0AA is a postcode created for Girobank in Bootle.

The BF postcode area was introduced in 2012 to provide optional postcodes for British Forces Post Office addresses, for consistency with the layout of other UK addresses. It uses the national non-geographic post town "BFPO" and, as of 2012, the postcode district "BF1".

The non-geographic postcode area BX has been introduced for addresses which do not include a locality: this allows large organisations flexibility as to where they receive their mail.

Certain British overseas territories have postcodes:

These were introduced to prevent mail being sent to the wrong place, e.g., for St Helena to St Helens, Merseyside and Ascension Island to Asunción, Paraguay, and many on-line companies will not accept addresses lacking a postcode. Such mail is treated as international, not inland, so sufficient postage must be used.



Rudy Rotta

Rudy Rotta (14 October 1950 – 3 July 2017) was an Italian blues guitarist.

Rotta was born in Villadossola, Italy, but was raised in Lucerne, Switzerland where his family emigrated. He began his career in Switzerland at the age of 14, but eventually returned to Verona. 

Over his career, he played with a number of well-known blues artists including Brian Auger, John Mayall, Robben Ford and Peter Green. 

Rotta died on 3 July 2017 in Verona from pancreatic cancer, aged 66.

Gene Conley

Donald Eugene "Gene" Conley (November 10, 1930 – July 4, 2017) was a Major League Baseball pitcher and basketball player of the NBA. He was born in Muskogee, Oklahoma.

Conley played 11 seasons from 1952 to 1963 for four different teams. Conley also played forward in the 1952–53 NBA season and from 1958 to 1964 for two teams in the National Basketball Association. 

He was best known for being one of only two people (the other being Otto Graham–1946 NBL and AAFC Championship, plus three more AAFC and three NFL championships) to win championships in two of the four major American sports, one with the Milwaukee Braves in the 1957 World Series and three Boston Celtics championships from 1959–61.

Conley died in Foxborough, Massachusetts on July 4, 2017 at the age of 86.


Joachim Meisner

Joachim Meisner (25 December 1933 – 5 July 2017) was a German Cardinal of the Catholic Church. He was born in Breslau, Germany (modern Wrocław, Poland).

Meisner was the immediate past Archbishop of Cologne, serving from 1989 until his resignation was accepted by Pope Francis in 2014. He previously served as Bishop of Berlin from 1980 to 1989, and was created a cardinal in 1983. He was widely considered to be Germany's leading conservative Roman Catholic figure.

Meisner died on 5 July 2017 while vacationing in Bad Füssing in Bavaria of cardiac arrest, aged 83.

Jens Christian Skou

Jens Christian Skou (; October 8, 1918 – May 28, 2018) was a Danish medical doctor and Nobel laureate. He was born in Lemvig, Denmark. In 1997, he received the Nobel Prize in Chemistry (together with Paul D. Boyer and John E. Walker) for his discovery of Na,K-ATPase.

Skou died on 28 May 2018 in Aarhus, Denmark at the age of 99, five months short of his 100th birthday.


Strood railway station

Strood railway station is a railway station in Strood in Kent. The station is on the North Kent Line.

Rochester railway station

Rochester railway station is a railway station in Rochester in Kent. The station is on the Chatham Main Line.

Chatham railway station

Chatham railway station is a railway station in Chatham in Kent. The station is roughly a 10 to 15 minute walk to/from the Pentagon Shopping Centre and the high street.

John Rodriguez

John R. Rodriguez (February 12, 1937 – July 5, 2017) was a Guyanaese-born Canadian politician. He was born in Georgetown, Guyana. He served as the mayor of Greater Sudbury, Ontario from 2006 to 2010, and previously represented the electoral district of Nickel Belt in the Canadian House of Commons from 1972 to 1980 and from 1984 to 1993 as a member of the New Democratic Party.

Rodriguez died on July 5, 2017 in Greater Sudbury, Ontario of heart failure at the age of 80.


Choi Eun-hee

Choi Eun-hee (November 20, 1926 – April 16, 2018) was a South Korean actress. She began her movie career in 1947 in the movie "A New Oath". For the next 20 years, she was one of the biggest stars in Korean movies and led the Shin Film company along with her husband, the director Shin Sang-ok. She was born in Gwangju, Gyeonggi.

According to the Internet Movie Database, from 1955 to 1985, Choi appeared in eighty-one movies. She received the award for best actress at the 14th Moscow International Film Festival in 1985, for her part in the movie "Sogum".

In 1978, Choi and Shin, whom she had recently divorced due to Shin having committed adultery, were kidnapped in Hong Kong to North Korea by order of Kim Jong-il. Kim's plan was to have Shin work as his propagandist and for Choi to be the star. Shortly after agreeing to the demands of Kim, they were remarried at his recommendation. The couple finally staged their escape in 1986 while on a trip to Vienna, fleeing to the United States embassy and requesting political asylum.

Choi died on April 16, 2018 in Seoul, South Korea of kidney failure at the age of 91.


2019 Africa Cup of Nations

The 2019 Africa Cup of Nations (also called AFCON 2019 and CAN 2019) was the 32nd edition of the Africa Cup of Nations tournament. The tournament to be hosted by Cameroon, but on January 9th CAF changed the host. Egypt was the host of this tournament. It was held from 21 June to 19 July 2019.

Because they withdrew from the 2017 Africa Cup of Nations qualification, Chad is banned from the tournament.

The following teams qualified for the tournament:

The draw took place on the 19th of October 2016 in Libreville.

2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualification Group J

Group J of the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualification tournament is one of 12 groups to decide what team will qualify to play in the final tournament. The group includes four teams: Egypt, Niger, Swaziland and Tunisia.


2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualification Group D

Group D of the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualification tournament is one of 12 groups to decide what team will qualify to play in the final tournament. The group includes four teams: Algeria, Benin, Gambia and Togo.

<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>




2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualification Group E

Group E of the 2019 Africa Cup of Nations qualification tournament is one of 12 groups to decide what team will qualify to play in the final tournament. The group includes four teams: Nigeria, South Africa, Libya, and Seychelles.


Manyogana

Man'yōgana is the oldest known sound-based writing system used for the Japanese language. When kanji, or Chinese characters used to write Japanese, first came to Japan in around the 4th century AD through the Korean Peninsula, it was only used to write the Chinese language. Even though Chinese was not native to the Japanese people, classical Chinese writings were nonetheless studied heavily by upper-class Japanese. Some time later, although the exact time is unknown, Chinese characters, which came be known as kanji in Japan, was being used to write the Japanese language for the first time in roughly the 6th century AD, although it had a heavy Chinese influence.

Figuring out how to write the Chinese character system to correctly fit the Japanese language was quite a difficult task, since there were such big differences between Chinese and Japanese. For example, Chinese has an SVO (subject-verb-object) word order (i.e. I eat sushi), while Japanese has an SOV word order (i.e. I sushi eat). Also, while Chinese morphemes, or the smallest meaningful part of a word, are usually monosyllabic, or having just one syllable, Japanese words often were polysyllabic, or having two or more syllables. Examples of this include 山, 魚, 中, 国, 人, 多, 速 and 見. In Mandarin Chinese, the most spoken Chinese dialect in the world, these morphemes are pronounced "shān, yú, zhōng," "guó, rén, duō, sù" and "kàn" in that order, all of which are just one syllable. In the native Japanese pronunciation, however, these morphemes are pronounced "yama, sakana, naka, kuni, hito, oo, haya" and "mi(ru)". What makes all this more complicated is that the last three kanji are almost never written by themselves in Japanese, if at all, since they are usually used in adjectives, verbs, and adverbs. 

Writing characters by themselves is often okay in Chinese, since Chinese is an analytic language, or a language where grammar is structured by word order, but Japanese is highly inflectional, meaning that grammar is structured by word endings. For that reason, verbs, adjectives, and adverbs almost always have at least two morphemes, the first being the derivational morpheme, or the part of the word with the root meaning, and the second and others after it are called inflectional morphemes, or parts of the word added to show a word's grammar. For example, a word that uses the character 見 is 見る "mi(ru)," where the first morpheme, the kanji being 見 and its pronunciation being "mi," has the root meaning ""see"," the second syllable "ru" shows that the word is a verb, making it into the word ""to see"." The adjective 多い "oo(i)" is made up of the morpheme 多 "oo", meaning ""many"", and the morpheme い "i," showing that the word is an adjective. The last examples are the two words 速い "haya(i)" and 速く "haya(ku)." While the first morpheme in both words are the two syllables 速 "haya," meaning ""fast"," the い "i　"in 速い makes the word into an adjective while the く "ku" in 速く "hayaku" turns the word into an adverb, thus the word becomes ""quickly"".

Due to the many differences that existed between Chinese and Japanese, the Chinese character system had to be changed to fit spoken Japanese, if it were to be understood by native Japanese speakers. The first solution the Japanese came up with was to use Chinese characters for their pronunciation and not for the meaning of the word. These were called man'yōgana, which was named after the Man'yōshu, a collection of Japanese poems that wrote Japanese using the man'yōgana. While Chinese characters used for their meaning became known as kanji, the Chinese characters being used only for pronunciation became known as man'yōgana. Man'yōgana consisted of roughly 970 Chinese characters that could be used to represent roughly the roughly 90 different morae used in the Japanese language. 

For example, while the character 山 means ""mountain"" in Japanese, the character itself was usually used only for Chinese loanwords, or words borrowed from the Chinese language, such as 富士山 "Fuji-san", meaning ""Mt. Fuji”，"火山"kazan," meaning ""volcano”，"and 山村 "sanson", meaning ""mountain village"." Words borrowed from the Chinese language would use on'yomi (in Japanese, the on'yomi for やま is "san", "zan, sen," or "zen"), or pronunciations borrowed from Chinese, instead of kun'yomi, or native Japanese pronunciations. During the early days of Japanese writing, native Japanese words were largely written using man'yōgana instead of kanji. For example, while the kanji for ""mountain"" is 山, and the kun'yomi for the word is "yama", the native Japanese word would be written as 耶麻, 八馬, 矢間, 也麻, etc. to distinguish it from being a Chinese loanword, or "kango".

While a modern Japanese sentence could be written like this: 私はすしを食べます "Watashi-wa sushi-o tabemasu" (meaning: I eat sushi), the same sentence written entirely in man'yōgana could be written as 和多氏巴寿司鳥他邊麻須, giving it a more Chinese look. Or, if someone wanted to keep all the kanji the same but replace all the modern kana, the sentence would look like this 私巴寿司鳥食邊麻須.

Although man'yōgana gave the Japanese a means to represent spoken Japanese on paper, sentences written in man'yōgana were quite difficult to read. Since Chinese characters were used for both representing the meaning of words and pronunciation, a lot of confusion could happen when a native Japanese speaker would read something written in both kanji and man'yōgana. The above examples in man'yōgana would be difficult for even a native Japanese speaker to read, especially for a modern Japanese person. On top of all that, writing everything down quickly was nearly impossible, since an entire Chinese character was needed to write down a simple Japanese syllable, some of which could have been written by up to 30 strokes of a pen.

In order to write faster, use fewer written characters, and read more easily, Japanese writers created simpler kana, or written characters to represent Japanese syllables. Buddhist monks created katakana by only using pieces of kanji so that they could write down spoken teachings more quickly. Upper-class women would use the kanji they knew and wrote cursive forms of these kanji. These became known as hiragana. While they were created separately, they later replaced man'yōgana as the main sound-based writing systems. While most sound-based writing today uses hiragana and katakana, man'yōgana is still used to write some modern Japanese words. 

These examples are called ateji. Some examples include 寿司 sushi, 亜細亜 "Ajia" (Asia)、亜米利加 "Amerika" (America)、仏蘭西 "Furansu" (France)、阿弗利加 "Afurika" (Africa)、沢山 "takusan" and 珈琲 "kōhī" (coffee)。

Sometimes, like in the case of 仏蘭西, these are the old spellings of the names of places before the Japanese decided to represent all non-Chinese loanwords with katanana. Other times, the ateji is used since the Chinese characters are more well-known in different countries than the hiragana and the katana, an example being that the Chinese can recognize 寿司, since both characters also exist in Chinese, rather than すし, since neither character exists in Chinese. While the Chinese characters for "coffee" is 咖啡, the Japanese 珈琲 is close enough that Chinese could figure it out with a little guesswork.

Knut Hamsun

Knut Hamsun (August 4, 1859 – February 19, 1952) was a Norwegian author and winner of the Nobel Prize in literature, in 1920.

An obituary he wrote for Adolf Hitler was published on 7 May 1945 in Aftenposten (a newspaper).

He married Marie Hamsun. Their children include Tore Hamsun.

In 1978, Gabriel Langfeldt released a book that listed the entire [written] statement of the court-appointed [medical] experts, from Hamsun's trial; spokesman for the Hamsun family - Leif Hamsun (a grandchild of Knut Hamsun) - said that after Langfeldt revealed my grandparents [privileged interviews with court-appointed experts], there is little that is private anymore.

Hamsun voluntarily went to psychoanalysis during 1926 to 1928; the psychoanalyst made notes.

Notes from the psychoanalysis of Hamsun, were published in 2017; the photocopied notes were from [Hamsun's appointments] with his psychoanalyst; photocopied notes were part of [a work of] art that was published in Vagant [a magazine].


Nobel Prize-winning writer Isaac Bashevis Singer translated some of his works.

Shanghainese food

Shanghainese food is the traditional food of Shanghai, China. It is a kind of Chinese food. Examples are xiaolongbao, spiced broad beans, and hairy crabs.

A xiaolongbao is a small kind of dumpling. It is made of a flour skin wrapped around a ball of pork, crabmeat, shrimp, or bok choy and other vegetables. It is steamed in a small basket called a "xiaolong", which gives the dumpling its name. The steam and meat together create some soup inside the dumpling. It was first made in Nanxiang in northwestern Shanghai, but the man who made it first later moved his shop to Yu Garden to get more business.

Wontons are a kind of dumpling with a meat center inside a thin skin that is made of flour, egg, water, and salt. The Shanghainese kinds come in two sizes, "small" and "big". The small wontons are wrapped loosely by hand and eaten for breakfast. The big wontons are wrapped carefully and eaten for lunch or dinner. Both kinds are often filled with minced pork and bok choy and served in chicken soup, but restaurants sometimes have as many as 50 different fillings. A well-known special kind is "Three-Freshness Soup" "sānxiān tāng"), made with pork, shrimp, and fish.

Hongshao pork is made of pork and a special sauce made of soy sauce, flour, and sugar.

Hongshao snakefish is cooked the same way, but usually with more spring onions.
"White cut chicken" (白斬雞, 白斩鸡, "báizhǎnjī") is chicken that is soaked in salt water, poached for about 30 minutes, chilled, and then cut into strips. People usually think of it as a Cantonese food but Shanghai has its own kind, eaten with a soy ginger sauce. It is usually eaten without the head, neck, or feet and locals prefer the dark meat in the thighs, legs, and back to the white meat in the breast, but all of them can be eaten at home or in restaurants.

The Shanghainese kind of white cut chicken prefers "triple yellow" chickens with yellow beaks, skin, and feet. It is closely tied to the Xiao Shaoxing Restaurant (小紹興, 小绍兴, "Xiǎoshàoxīng", "Little Shaoxing") on Yunnan Road near People's Square. Zhang Runniu was a 16-year-old boy who left his home in Shaoxing during the Second World War. He worked hard for a few years and then bought his own small shop in 1943. His kind of poached chicken became famous in the city: his restaurant remains open today and its favorite dish is copied in other restaurants and kitchens around the city. His yellow chickens are grown using a special set of food on farms in Pudong's Nanhui area. The dish can be so rare that blood still comes from the bones in the chicken after cooking and cooling. More people like the cool chicken during the hot summer, but many stayed away from it during the 2013 bird flu scare.

Shanghainese hairy crab "máoxiè") is a kind of mitten crab. It lives in rivers and lakes near Shanghai. The most famous place to get it is Yangcheng Lake near Suzhou. It is usually steamed and then cooked with huangjiu and soy sauce.

Youbao shrimp (, "yóubàoxiā") is a kind of fried shrimp. It uses a special sauce made of soy sauce, vinegar, scallions, salt, and black and red pepper. Its name comes from the loud popping noises that it makes when you cook it.

Spiced broad beans are made of beans flavored with aniseed and cinnamon. They are sweet. Nearly everyone knows them. It has a long history. A person named Zhang Acheng (張阿成) made this food sixty years ago.

Cold congee (糖粥) is a kind of congee (rice porridge) that is made of glutinous rice, red beans, and sugar. They are boiled together, then chilled to serve as a breakfast food.

Although people usually think of Shanghai as part of southern Chinese culture, Shanghainese tofu pudding follows the northern salty "tofu brains" ( "dòunǎo") and not the southern sweet "tofu flower" ( "dòuhuā") way of cooking it. It is made from an extra soft kind of tofu. In Shanghai, it is often eaten with soy sauce, shrimp, seaweed, or zhacai.

Doujiang is the older, watery kind of soy milk. It can be sweet, salty, or plain.

Some doujiang is always made when people make tofu, but Chinese people didn't start to like it until the 18th century. Raw doujiang has the same kinds of things in it that make people fart a lot when they eat too many beans. During the Qing, people found out that you could get rid of those things by cooking the doujiang for 90 minutes or so. After that, it became very popular. Some people sold it in the street, and others bought it fresh from tofu shops. By the Republic, Shanghai had 2 doujiang factories producing thousands of bottles a day.

Pear-syrup candy (梨膏糖, "lígāotáng") is a kind of candy made with pear syrup. Wei Zheng (魏征) is said to have first made it as a medicine for his mother's cough in the year 634 during the Tang Dynasty. Shanghainese pear-syrup candy began in three shops in the city's old walled city during the Qing Dynasty: Zhupinzhai (opened 1855), Yongshengtang (opened 1882), and Deshengtang (opened 1904). These shops joined together in 1956 to form the Shanghai Pear-Syrup Candy Food Factory (上海梨膏糖食品厂), which makes its candy at a factory in Pudong but still sells it from a store in the market around Shanghai's City God Temple. It remains a common souvenir for visitors to the city. Now, it is usually flavored with fruit or pinenuts, but it is also made with mint, ham, or rose. In traditional Chinese medicine, the candy is used for easing coughs and sore throats, reducing mucus, and increasing appetite.

Begonia cake "hǎitánggāo") is a Chinese pastry. It is made of dough filled with red bean paste and covered with preserved fruit pieces, sunflower and sesame seeds, and barley sugar. Stands in Qibao and at Yu Garden sometimes use lard or peanuts. It is baked in a mold shaped like the flower of the flowering crabapple tree. It is more popular with older Shanghainese than younger ones.

White Rabbit is a kind of soft milk candy first made in Shanghai. It is made from milk, sugar, and some chemicals that make it last longer. It was called "Mickey Mouse" candy when people first made it in 1943, but they changed it to "White Rabbit" later. It was cheap and became very popular. After China's melamine scandal, people in other countries stopped buying it until White Rabbit began to use milk from Australia and New Zealand instead of China.

Notes from the psychoanalysis of Knut Hamsun

During the psychoanalysis of Knut Hamsun, notes were made by his psychoanalyst, Johannes Irgens Strømme; sometimes the notes are referred to as the Strømme/Hamsun manuscript (Norwegian: Strømme/Hamsun-manuset).

Hamsun died in 1952 and copies of the notes were published in 2017; the publication is controversial (as of 2017).

The existence of the notes led to a race between a group related to [the community of persons who do] research [for a living,] and a group related to publishing.

Danish author Thorkild Hansen has said that the notes must certainly be viewed as [an] extremely important source.

Media sometimes refers to (as of May 2017,) the notes as "the classified notes".

The notes consist of 474 pages.

The notes were written in one version of shorthand, called Gabelsberger.

In 1925, Hamsun had writer's block, and "he could not write a sentence". To go to consultations, at a specialist of psychoanalysis [was a voluntary decision by Hamsun]; he went to Johannes Irgens Strømme() - who had been a student of Oskar Pfister()
- from 4 January 1926.

During a two year period, Hamsun made visits to Strømme; Hamsun would lie on a divan [or a couch-like sitting furniture] while being psychoanalyzed, and Strømme would sit (on a chair) behind Hamsun.

In 1926 the writer's block eased, and the year after he published the novel "Wayfarers";
He thanked the psychoanalyst "for the rest of Hamsun's life", for getting back his apetite for writing. 
During the Legal purge in Norway after World War II()
, Hamsun was examined by a court-appointed psychiatrist - without Hamsun giving permission for the examinations;
[part of the diagnosis ] of Hamsun said that he had [a permanent reduction of sanity ] "varig svekkede sjelsevner";
to disprove and discredit the diagnosis, Hamsun wrote "On Overgrown Paths"() (published in 1949);
The notes by psychoanalyst Strømme, were [years later] "left to" a friend (of the psychoanalyst) - Ørnulf Myklestad; this friend was also the publisher of works by the psychoanalyst;
On a document dated 1958, Myklestad wrote that he would not do anything while Hamsun's widow was alive;
the notes were put in safe deposit box (at a bank);
Out of the safe deposit box, the notes came in the autumn of 1978; 
The daughter of psychoanalyst Strømme had the shorthand notes, transferred to her.

The stenographied notes were [borrowed] by [publishing house] Gyldendal() for more than two months; Gyldendal returned the notes [together with a letter dated] 18 January 1979; "with the help of a stenographer employed by Norway's parliament", Gyldendal was able to interpret 30 pages of the shorthand notes, and Gyldendal transcribed those (in 1979); [in the letter, the female stenographer said that more] deciphering could be achieved - but it probably would take years and it would be expensive.

The interest in the notes regarding Hamsun, reached a climax [or top point] in 2001, when several groups [of people] wanted to use the notes.
A letter was sent - sometime before 2 April 2001 - from the national library, to the Ministry of Justice, regarding the library's [idea] to publicize the [notes regarding the] psychoanalysis ([that was] performed by Strømme); the notes were to be publicized together with comments from literary scientists and psychoanalysts; the project was to be led by Atle Kittang() - an expert (on research regarding Hamsun) and a professor of literature.
Media wrote about the letter; psychiatrist Sigmund Karterud() said (on 2 July) that psychiatrists [as a group] are shocked; However, the spokesman for the Hamsun family - Leif Hamsun (a grandchild of Knut Hamsun) - said that the project was not problematic.

At the same time, a major project was started by Gyldendal: Ingar Sletten Kolloen() was [expected] to write a significant biography about Hamsun;
a group of people were put together by Kolloen [to help him]: members of the group included literary scientists and experts of psychoanalysis; the group included psychiatrist Sigmund Karterud();
The national library cancelled plans to publish the psychoanalysis notes, media said on 23 September 2001; furthermore, Kolloen was granted access to the psychoanalysis notes, because of Gyldendal's plans for him to write a biography (about Hamsun); 
Notes from Hamsun's psychoanalyst, were published in 2017; the photocopied notes were from [Hamsun's appointments] with his psychoanalyst; the published notes were part of [a work of] art that was published in Vagant()
[a magazine].

The publication of the psychoanalyst's notes regarding Hamsun, is controversial (as of 2017).

In 2017 Morgenbladet() asked "Why at all, are the notes owned by the public".

The notes are deposited (as of 2017) at ["the national library" -] Nasjonalbiblioteket in Oslo, Norway;
they are part of a package, [that the national library calls] "manus 4°3565".

The "national library" (when it was called "Universitetsbiblioteket") received the notes, as a gift from the daughter of psychoanalyst Strømme.
In 1999 the daughter of psychoanalyst Strømme, permitted publication of the notes; previously she had put a clause in place that had prevented publication of the notes;
By 2003, no one seems to have discovered [and made use of the general availability of the notes].


Gillingham (Kent) railway station

Gillingham railway station is a railway station in Gillingham in Kent. The station is on the Chatham Main Line.

Rainham (Kent) railway station

Rainham railway station is a railway station in Rainham in Kent. The station is in walking distance from the Rainham shopping centre. The station is on the Chatham Main Line.

Gillingham railway station

Gillingham railway station may mean:


Rainham railway station

Rainham railway station may mean:


Rochester railway station (disambiguation)

Rochester railway station or Rochester station may mean:


Durchhausen

Durchhausen is a municipality in Tuttlingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Brusio

Brusio is a municipality in the district of Bernina in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Viano, Cavaione, Campocologno, Campascio, Miralago and Zalende


Mr. Trash Wheel

Mr. Trash Wheel also known as the Inner Harbor Trash Wheel, is a trash interceptor. It removes trash from the Inner Harbor in Baltimore, Maryland. It is powered by water and solar power. It moves through the water and sorts trash into a conveyor belt that empties it into a dumpster on the vessel.

Mr. Trash Wheel removes garbage from the Inner Harbor. The garbage comes from the streets flowing into the water, particularly during storms. Usually the current from the Jones Falls river powers the wheel's movement. When the stream is slow it is powered by solar panels.

Buchs, St. Gallen

Buchs is a small city in Werdenberg in the canton of St. Gallen in Switzerland.


B&amp;Q

B&Q plc is a British DIY and home improvement retailing company in the United Kingdom. Its main offices are in Eastleigh, Hampshire, England. It is owned by Kingfisher plc.

It was founded in 1969 by Richard Block and David Quayle as Block & Quayle.

As of July 2017, B&Q has 300 shops in the United Kingdom. 

Since 2015, B&Q have been closing a number of stores, and converting some to outlets of Screwfix. The company also has some outlets in Ireland. Stores in Taiwan and China were unsuccessful, and closed down in 2007 and 2015.

Buseno

Buseno is a municipality in the district Moesa in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.

Pierre Henry

Pierre Henry (9 December 1927 – 5 July 2017) was a French composer. He was considered a pioneer of the musique concrète genre of electronic music. He was born in Paris. Among Henry's works is the 1967 ballet "Messe pour le temps présent". In 1970 Henry collaborated with British rock band Spooky Tooth on the album "Ceremony".

Henry died at a hospital in Paris on 5 July 2017 at the age of 89.


Ybbs

The Ybbs is a river in Lower Austria. Its source is on the Zellerrain Pass near Mariazell. 

Ybbs is also the common short form for the small town Ybbs an der Donau.

Oberthal, Saarland

Oberthal is a municipality in the district of Sankt Wendel in the state of Saarland, Germany. It is about northwest of Sankt Wendel, and north of Saarbrücken.

The Oberthal municipality exists of four settlements (people in brackets, as of 2012)

T. Berry Brazelton

Thomas Berry Brazelton (May 10, 1918 – March 13, 2018) was an American pediatrician, television host and author. He was the developer of the Neonatal Behavioral Assessment Scale (NBAS). Brazelton hosts the cable television program "What Every Baby Knows", and writes a syndicated newspaper column. Brazelton has written more than two hundred scholarly papers and twenty four books.

In 1994, Brazelton won the first Daytime Emmy Award for Outstanding Lifestyle/Culinary Show Host.

Brazelton was born in Waco, Texas. He graduated in 1940 from Princeton and in 1943 from the Columbia University College of Physicians and Surgeons in New York City. He died in Barnstable, Massachusetts on March 13, 2018, at the age of 99.


Zürich Airport

Zürich Airport (, ), is an international airport serving Zürich. It is the largest hub of Swiss International Air Lines. It is north of central Zürich, in the municipalities of Kloten, Oberglatt, Rümlang, Winkel and Opfikon, all of which are within the canton of Zurich. It was opened in 1948. It is also known as Kloten Airport.


Chalampé

Chalampé is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France. The town was founded by soldiers of Marshal Dubourg who in 1709 had beaten the Austrians under Count Claude Florimond de Mercy in the War of the Spanish Succession.

Athens, Ohio

Athens is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Athens County.

Cuxton

Cuxton is a village in Medway in South East England. It is on left side of the River Medway in the North Downs. It also has a railway station, Cuxton railway station.

Arrondissements of the Haute-Saône department

There are 2 arrondissements in the Haute-Saône department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Haute-Saône are:

Since its creation, the Haute-Saône department has had few changes:


Adam Schiff

Adam Bennett Schiff (born June 22, 1960) is an American politician. He is the U.S. Representative for . He has served in Congress since 2001. He is a member of the Democratic Party, and is Jewish. 

Schiff represented the 27th and 29th Districts between 2001 and 2013, which included the areas of Alhambra, Altadena, San Gabriel, Burbank, Glendale, South Pasadena, Temple City, Monterey Park, and Pasadena. 

Schiff has become an influential voice for his party in the House of Representatives on foreign policy and national security issues.

In January 2023, Schiff announced his candidacy for the United States Senate in the 2024 election.


Larry Lieber

Larry D. Lieber (; born October 26, 1931) is an American comic book artist and writer. He is the younger brother of Marvel Comics' writer, editor, and publisher Stan Lee.

Lieber is best known for scripting the first appearances of the Marvel characters Iron Man, Thor, and Ant-Man; for his long stint both writing and drawing the Marvel Western "Rawhide Kid"; and for illustrating the newspaper comic strip "The Amazing Spider-Man" for many years and continuing as of August 2016. From 1974 to 1975, he was editor of Atlas/Seaboard Comics.

Johnny Gosch

Johnny Gosch (born November 12, 1969) was a paperboy in West Des Moines, Iowa. He disappeared at age 12, while delivering newspapers. In the early hours of September 5, 1982, he disappeared on his route and was never seen since. Gosch is believed to be kidnapped. His mother got mail one morning in 1997 showing the photos of her kidnapped son and three other boys. Another paperboy disappeared where Johnny was kidnapped, named Eugene Martin, 13 years old.

His mother, Noreen Gosch, maintains that Johnny Gosch escaped from his captors and visited her in 1997, but now fears for his life and lives under an assumed identity. Gosch's father, John, divorced from Noreen since 1993, has publicly stated that he was not sure whether or not such a visit actually occurred. Authorities have not located Gosch or confirmed Noreen Gosch's account, and his fate continues to be the subject of speculation, conspiracy theories, and dispute.The case received publicity in 2006 when his mother claimed to have found photographs on her doorstep depicting Gosch in captivity. Some of the photos received were proven to be children from a case in Florida, but one boy in the photos was never identified. Noreen Gosch insists that boy is her son Johnny.

Willi Reschke

Willi Reschke (3 February 1922 – 5 July 2017) was a German Luftwaffe ace. He was the recipient of the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross during World War II.

Reschke was credited with 26 aerial victories in 70 missions. In 1999, Reschke recounted his wartime experiences in print, published in English in 2005 as ""Jagdgeschwader 301/302 'Wilde Sau': In Defense Of The Reich with the Bf 109, Fw 190 and Ta 152";" including writing about the late-war period he spent flying the exotic Focke-Wulf Ta 152 high-altitude fighter-interceptor designed by Kurt Tank.

Reschke died on 5 July 2017 in Berlin at the age of 95.


Minos Kyriakou

Minos Xenophon "Minas" Kyriakou (; 31 May 1942 – 2 July 2017) was a Greek media and shipping magnate and businessman. He was the president of the Greek Olympic Committee and was the President of the International Olympic Academy (IOA, 2004-2009). He was elected to the International Association of Athletics Federations (IAAF) council in August 2003. He was born in Poros, Greece.

Kyriakou died of a heart attack on 2 July 2017 at a hospital in Athens, aged 75.

Joaquín Navarro-Valls

Joaquín Navarro-Valls, M.D. (16 November 1936 – 5 July 2017) was a Spanish journalist, physician and academic. He served as the Director of the Holy See Press Office from 1984 to 2006. He was born in Cartagena, Spain.

His role as the press liaison between the Vatican and the world press corps gave him perhaps the highest visibility of any one person in the Vatican during the long reign of Pope John Paul II, with the exception of the Pope himself. He resigned his post July 11th, 2006 and was replaced by Father Federico Lombardi. 

On January 20th, 2007, he was named president of the board of advisers of the Biomedical University of Rome, an office he occupied until his death.

Navarro-Valls died in Rome, Italy on July 5th 2017 of pancreatic cancer, aged 80.


Joan B. Lee

Joan Boocock Lee (Joan Clayton Boocock; February 5, 1922 - July 6, 2017) was a English-born American hat model and actress. She was known for her 69-year marriage to comic book writer Stan Lee.

In the 1940s, Lee was a hat model in New York City when she met Stan Lee. In her later years, she became a voice actress and provided her voice in "Spider-Man" and "Fantastic Four" both in the 1990s.

Lee died on July 6, 2017 in Los Angeles from stroke-related complications after being hospitalized for a week. She was 95 years old.

This Is How We Do

"This is How We Do" is a dance-pop and electropop song from American singer and songwriter Katy Perry. It comes off her fourth studio album "Prism" (2013). The song was released on August 11, 2014. It was the fifth and final single from the album. The remix has the rapper Riff Raff rapping on it. She wrote the song with longtime collaborators Max Martin and Klas Åhlund, who produced it.

Commercially, the song hit the top ten in Canada and Israel. It also hit the top 30 in the United States, Sweden, Venezuela, Finland and Scotland. It was certified platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America for shipments of over one million copies in the US alone.

The song is about Perry's hangout routine with her friends. The video has Perry getting her nails painted and doing karaoke with her friends. Perry was accused of cultural appropriation for wearing black cornrows. The video has received over 600 million views on YouTube as of March 2018.

Junior Johnson

Robert Glenn Johnson, Jr. (June 28, 1931 – December 20, 2019), better known as Junior Johnson, was a NASCAR driver of the 1950s and 1960s. He won 50 NASCAR races in his career before retiring in 1966.

In the 1970s and 1980s, he became a NASCAR racing team owner; he sponsored such NASCAR champions as Cale Yarborough and Darrell Waltrip. He now produces a line of fried pork skins and country ham. He was credited as the first to use the drafting technique in stock car racing.

He was nicknamed "The Last American Hero" and his autobiography is of the same name. In May 2007, Johnson teamed with Piedmont Distillers of Madison, North Carolina, to introduce the company's second moonshine product, called "Midnight Moon Moonshine".

Johnson died at a hospice care facility in Charlotte, North Carolina on December 20, 2019, at age 88. He had Alzheimer's disease at the time of his death.


Bryan Avery

Bryan Robert Avery MBE RIBA (2 January 1944 – 4 July 2017) was an English architect. He was born in Berkshire, England. He was best known for designing the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art (RADA).

After his childhood years spent in Lymington in the New Forest, Hampshire, he studied architecture at Leicester College of Art (now the De Montfort University), followed by a MA in the History and Theory of Architecture at Essex University under Professors Joseph Rykwert and Dalibor Vesely.

Avery died in London at the age of 73 on 4 July 2017.

You Keep Me Hangin' On

"You Keep Me Hangin' On" is a soul-pop ballad from American Motown music group The Supremes. It was released in late 1966. The lyrics speak of a bad relationship the singer is trying to get out of. The song's signature guitar part comes from a Morse code-like radio sound effect.

The song reached #1 on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100 in 1966.

American music group Vanilla Fudge recorded a rock version of the song in 1967. It peaked at #6 on "Billboard" Hot 100. Their single version is almost three minutes long. The album version is seven minutes and twenty seconds long.

In 1986, British singer Kim Wilde had a version of the song. In June 1987, it hit #1 on "Billboard" Hot 100. The song also hit #1 in Australia and #2 in the United Kingdom.

Nochebuena

Nochebuena (literally "good night") is the Spanish word for Christmas Eve. In Spain, Latin America, and the Philippines, the evening consists of a traditional family dinner. Roasted pig is often the center of Nochebuena for feasts around the world.

Ancient Order of the Rosicrucians

Rosicrucianism, or the Rosicrucian religion, is a combination of many different religions. It has occult elements and other religious beliefs and practices. These include Hermeticism, Jewish mysticism, and Christian Gnosticism. Members possess what they believe is secret wisdom that was handed down to them from ancient times.

Alternative for Germany

Alternative for Germany (German: "Alternative für Deutschland", shortened "AfD") is a German nationalist, far-right political party.

In the 2017 federal election, the party won 94 seats after receiving 12.6% of the national vote.

In 2012, Alexander Gauland, Bernd Lucke and Konrad Adam formed the "Electoral Alternative 2013". It was critical of Germany's policy toward the eurozone crisis. Some candidates who were part of the "Electoral Alternative 2013" ran for election in Lower Saxony in alliance with the Free Voters. They then decided to form a party to compete in the 2013 federal election. The group wanted to abolish the euro, so the Free Voters refused to join forces.

The AfD's first supporters were economists, business leaders, journalists and former members of the Christian Democratic Union who were critical of the eurozone.

The AfD held their first convention on 14 April 2013. Members elected Bernd Lucke, Frauke Petry and Konrad Adam as speakers.

In the 2013 federal election, the party received 4.6% of the national vote with more than 2 million votes. The party did not win any seats.

Before the 2014 European Parliament election, the AfD held a conference on 25 January 2014 in Bavaria. They chose the slogan, "Mut zu Deutschland" ("Courage [to stand up] for Germany"). In February 2014, some AfD officials wanted to join an alliance with the hard eurosceptic party, UKIP. However, Bernd Lucke and other officials and election candidates wanted to instead join an alliance with the British Conservative Party. In the European elections, the AfD won 7 seats in the European Parliament, and joined the European Conservatives and Reformists.

On 4 July 2015, Frauke Petry was elected as the principal speaker of the party. She was a member of the national conservate faction within the party. Her election is seen as a shift of the party further to the right wing, as the party now began to focus on Islam and immigration. Lucke believed the party was turing into the "PEGIDA party." He left the party a few days later, citing the rise of xenophobia within the party. On 19 July 2015, Lucke formed the Alliance for Progress and Renewal (ALFA).

In February 2016, AfD announced an alliance with the Freedom Party of Austria (FPÖ). On 8 March 2016, the European Conservatives and Reformists decided they will begin to exclude the AfD from their groups due to their links to the far-right FPÖ.

In 2016, the party won seats in the Berlin, Baden-Württemberg, Mecklenburg-Vorpommern, Rhineland-Palatinate and Saxony-Anhalt Landtags.

At the AfD party conference held on 30 April to 1 May 2016, the party called for a ban on burkhas, minarets and the call to prayer, using the slogan "Islam is not a part of Germany".

Frauke Petry decided not to run as the party's main candidate in the 2017 federal election. This was a consequence of the internal power struggle within the party. The party chose Alexander Gauland, a strong conservative and former member of the CDU, to lead the party in the elections. Alice Weidel, who is seen as being more moderate, was elected as his running mate. The party's platform was mainly to close the borders to asylum seekers, end sanctions on Russia and leave the European Union if Germany's national sovereignty isn't restored. After the election, the party received 5.8 million votes, winning 94 seats in the Bundestag. This is the first time the party has held seats in the Bundestag.

A day after the successful 2017 federal election, Frauke Petry left the party. She did this as a response to extremist comments made by some members in the AfD. She would later join the Blue Party, which is another right-wing conservative party.

A politician representing AfD, was elected (in 2023) as a mayor.

The AfD's ideology is described as right-wing populist, conservative and anti-immigration. The party is against same-sex marriage and has a platform of climate change denial. The party has also aligned itself with groups that are against modern feminism.

Alternative for Germany is eurosceptic and critical about the influx of foreigners in Germany.


Buttelstedt

Buttelstedt is a town and a former municipality in the Weimarer Land district, in Thuringia, Germany. It is north of Weimar. Since 1 January 2019, it has been part of the municipality Am Ettersberg.

White Christmas (song)

"White Christmas" is a popular song about an old-fashioned Christmas setting. It mixes sadness and comforts of home. The version sung by Bing Crosby is said to be the world's best-selling single.

The song has been covered and performed by artists including Jo Stafford, Frank Sinatra, Ella Fitzgerald and Bette Midler. It has sold over 150 million copies.

The original version was released in 1942.

Irving Berlin's opening verse is often dropped in many recordings. However, the opening verse is included on Barbra Streisand, Darlene Love and The Carpenters' Christmas studio albums.

Ouest Lausannois District

The Ouest lausannois District is a district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The capital of the district is Renens.

Homebase

Homebase is a British home improvement retailer and garden centre in the United Kingdom. Its main offices are in Milton Keynes, Buckinghamshire, England.

As of December 2016, Homebase has 255 shops in the United Kingdom. 

It was founded by the supermarket chain Sainsbury's and Belgian retailer GB-Inno-BM in 1979, as Sainsbury's Homebase.

In December 2000, Sainsbury's sold the Homebase chain. 

In November 2002, Homebase was sold again, to GUS plc, where it became part of Argos Retail Group (later renamed as Home Retail Group).

In January 2016 it was announced that Australian retailer Wesfarmers would acquire Homebase. The transfer of ownership to Wesfarmers took place on 27 February 2016.

Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut District

The Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut District is a district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. The seat of the district is the town of Vevey.

Hausen ob Verena

Hausen ob Verena is a municipality in the district of Tuttlingen in Baden-Württemberg in Germany.


Leskovac

Leskovac (Serbian Cyrillic: Лесковац, ) is a city in southern Serbia.

It is the administrative center of the Jablanica District. According to the 2011 census, the city has population of 60,288. The administrative area has a population of 144,206.

Fontanella

Fontanella is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.


Lustenau

Lustenau (Alemannic German: "Luschnou") is a market town in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg. It is found in the district of Dornbirn.


Balgheim

Balgheim is a municipality of the district Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Faoug

Faoug is a municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Calfreisen

Calfreisen is a former municipality of the district Plessur in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Calfreisen, Castiel, Langwies, Lüen, Molinis, Peist and St. Peter-Pagig merged into the municipality of Arosa.


Chavannes-sur-l'Étang

Chavannes-sur-l'Étang is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Toronto, Ohio

Toronto is the second-largest city in Jefferson County, Ohio in the United States.

Tirano

Tirano is a city in northern Italy. It is in the province of Sondrio. It has 9,130 people.

Elm, Cambridgeshire

Elm is a village and civil parish in Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom. The population including Coldham, Collett's Bridge, Friday Bridge and Ring's End was 3,962 at the 2011 Census.

Håkan Carlqvist

Håkan Carlqvist (15 January 1954 – 7 July 2017) was a Swedish professional motocross racer. He was born near Stockholm, Sweden. 

Carlqvist won the F.I.M. 250cc Motocross World Championship in 1979 as a member of the Husqvarna factory racing team. In 1980, he switched to Yamaha to contest the 500cc motocross world championship. He finished 3rd in 1981 and 1982. In 1983, he battled against Honda teammates André Malherbe and Graham Noyce to claim the 500cc world championship, on a Yamaha. In 1984, an injury stopped Carlqvist from contesting the title again. He raced for Yamaha until end of 1986.

Carlqvist died in Stockholm on 7 July 2017 of a heart attack at the age of 63.

Pam McConnell

Pam McConnell (1946 – 7 July 2017) was a Canadian politician. She was elected to Toronto City Council in 1994 and most recently served as councillor for Ward 28 from 2000 until her death in 2017. She was born in England.

McConnell died on 7 July 2017 of respiratory failure at a hospital in Toronto at the age of 71.

Carol Lee Scott

Carol Lee Scott (20 December 1942 – 4 July 2017) was an English entertainer. She was best known for her role on British television in the 1980s and 1990s as "Grotbags". Throughout her career, Scott regularly performed on the international cabaret circuit, and prior to her TV work, she was a singer and released two albums.

Scott died of cancer in London on 4 July 2017 at the age of 74.

Heinz Schneiter

Heinz Schneiter (12 April 1935 – 6 July 2017) was a Swiss football player and manager. He was born in Thun.

Schneiter got 44 caps and 3 goals for Switzerland, playing all three games at the 1962 World Cup. He also played in Switzerland's 0–5 loss to West Germany at the 1966 World Cup. He scored against West Germany in the 1962 World Cup.

Schneiter coached FC Thun and BSC Young Boys.

Schneiter died on 6 July 2017 of coronary artery disease, at the age of 82.

Egil Monn-Iversen

Egil Monn-Iversen (14 April 1928 – 7 July 2017) was a Norwegian composer, pianist and businessman. He was born in Oslo. He was one of the most influential modern composers in Norway. He has had many important roles in Norwegian music, movie, opera, television, comedy and theater.

For some time he had so much influence in Norwegian culture that he got the nickname "The Godfather", even though he has always considered himself a down-to-earth musician.

Monn-Iversen owned a movie production company, a record label, and an agency for musical artists. He was the founder of the vocal group The Monn Keys. He was the CEO at the Chat Noir theatre and chairman at The Norwegian Opera and has since the 1960s worked in NRK (Norwegian Broadcasting Corporation) and Det norske teatret (The Norwegian Theatre). He has written scores to over 100 Norwegian movies and TV series.

Monn-Iversen was married to the Norwegian actor and singer Sølvi Wang until her death in 2011.

Monn-Iversen died on 7 July 2017 at the age of 89.

Crockett County, Texas

Crockett County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 3,098 people lived there. The county seat is Ozona.

Crosby County, Texas

Crosby County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 5,133 people lived there. The county seat is Crosbyton.

David Yewdall

David Lewis Yewdall (October 30, 1950 – July 4, 2017) was an American production sound mixer. He was born in Springfield, Missouri. He worked with Roger Corman on "Battle Beyond the Stars" and as the co-supervising sound editor on "Talvisota". He published a book about the profession in 2007, "Practical art of motion picture sound", which was called a "must-read for all students of film."

In 1996, he became a member of the board of NightPro Technologies Inc (NTI), a sound production company from Provo, Utah. He taught editing and sound at the University of North Carolina School of the Arts until June 2016.

His best known works are "The Thing", "The Fifth Element" and "Escape From New York".

Yewdall died on July 4, 2017 in Winston-Salem, North Carolina from pancreatic cancer, aged 66.

Dawson County, Texas

Dawson County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 12,456 people lived there. The county seat is Lamesa.

Culberson County, Texas

Culberson County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 2,188 people lived there. The county seat is Van Horn.

Blue Origin has a suborbital launch site (see Space exploration) about 25 miles north of Van Horn, Texas.

Delta County, Texas

Delta County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 5,230 people lived there. The county seat is Cooper.

Dickens County, Texas

Dickens County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 1,770 people lived there. The county seat is Dickens.

Duval County, Texas

Duval County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 9,831 people lived there. The county seat is San Diego.

Ector County, Texas

Ector County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 165,171 people lived there. The county seat is Odessa.

Bikini Bottom

Bikini Bottom is a town from SpongeBob SquarePants.




Lea DeLaria

Lea DeLaria (born May 23, 1958) is an American comedian, actress, and jazz musician. DeLaria was "the first openly gay comic to break the late-night talk-show barrier" with her 1993 appearance on "The Arsenio Hall Show". She is best known for her portrayal of inmate Big Boo on Netflix original series "Orange Is the New Black".

From 2015 through 2017, she was engaged to fashion editor Chelsea Fairless until they separated. 


McDonnell Douglas

McDonnell Douglas was a major American aircraft manufacturing company. It was formed by the merger of McDonnell Aircraft and the Douglas Aircraft Company in 1967. In 1997 it merged with Boeing. The company designed and built a number of well-known commercial and military aircraft such as the DC-10 airliner and F-15 Eagle air-superiority fighter.

McDonnell Douglas was based at Lambert–St. Louis International Airport near St. Louis, Missouri. The McDonnell Douglas Technical Services Company (MDTSC), headquarters were in unincorporated St. Louis County, Missouri.



List of airlines of Finland

Finland has had a number of airlines over the years



Arrondissement of Lure

The arrondissement of Lure is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Haute-Saône "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Lure.

When the "arrondissements" of Haute-Saône were created in 1800, Lure was one of them in the Haute-Saône department.

The "arrondissement" of Lure is the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the Haute-Saône department; it is the smallest "arrondissement" with an area of , and the one with fewest people living in it with a population of 108,725 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Lure is bordered to the north by the Vosges department, to the east by the Territoire de Belfort department, to the south by the Doubs department and to the west by the "arrondissement" Vesoul.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Lure, there are ten cantons and three of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":
The "arrondissement" of Lure has 195 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Air Åland

Air Åland Ab is an airline from Åland. Air Åland doesn't fly the routes by itself, it uses other airlines. Swedish airline NextJet has been operating the flights 

The company was based as an airlines in 14th of January 2005 and started flying 29th of October 2005 with Mariehamn-Helsinki-route. The company opened its 2nd route in 13th of March 2006. between Mariehamn and Stockholm (Arlanda). Air Åland ceased flying in 2012 because FlyBe started flying the Helsinki-Mariehamn-route. 

Also the company operates charter flights. Air Åland's flights' host used to be UAB Nordic Solutions Air Services with four Saab 340-prop airliners (Registration: LY-DIG, LY-ISR, LY-KXE and LY-RIK). The operator changed its name to Avion Express because the owner changed. After that the flights were handled by a Swedish Avitrans Nordic. During the winter 2008 Air Åland expanded its career with the Wingo xprs company. Wingo xprs started a route Turku-Tampere-Oulu, which was operated by Air Åland until 19th of June 2008. 

Nextjet starts flights from Mariehamn to Turku on the 2nd of April 2012, and it will be flown once everyday, except Sundays.

2003 Russian Premier League

The 2003 Russian Premier League (Russian: Чемпионат России по футболу 2003, "Chempionat Rossii po futbolu 2003") was the 2nd Russian Premier League season, and the 12th top division football tournament. CSKA Moscow won their 1st title, and Dmitri Loskov was the top scorer with 14 goals.

14 goals


13 goals


11 goals


10 goals



Arrondissement of Vesoul

The arrondissement of Vesoul is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Haute-Saône "département" in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Vesoul.

When the "arrondissements" of Haute-Saône were created in 1800, Vesoul was one of them in the Haute-Saône department.

The "arrondissement" of Vesoul is in the southern half of the department; it is the largest and with more people living in it of the "arrondissements" of the Haute-Saône department. It has an area of , with a population of 129,622 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Vesoul is bordered to the north by the Vosges department, to the northeast by the "arrondissement" Lure, to the east by the Doubs department, to the south by the JuraDoubs department, to the southwest by the Côte-d'Or department and to the west by the Haute-Marne department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

In the "arrondissement" of Vesoul, there are ten cantons and three of them do not have all their "communes" in the "arrondissement":


The "arrondissement" of Vesoul has 347 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" in the "arrondissement" with more inhabitants are:


Maisie Williams

Margaret Constance "Maisie" Williams (born 15 April 1997) is an English actress. She is notable for acting, and has won some awards.

She made her professional acting debut as Arya Stark of Winterfell in the HBO fantasy television series "Game of Thrones" in 2011, for which she won the EWwy Award for best supporting actress in a drama, the Portal Award for best supporting actress, and the Saturn Award for best performance by a younger actor. In 2016, she was nominated for a Primetime Emmy Award for outstanding supporting actress in a drama series.



Cuxton railway station

Cuxton railway station is a railway station in Cuxton in Kent. The station is on the Medway Valley Line.

Spencer Johnson

Patrick Spencer Johnson (November 24, 1938 – July 3, 2017) was an American author. He was known for the ValueTales series of children's books and for his 1998 motivational book "Who Moved My Cheese?", which recurred on the "New York Times" Bestseller list, on the "Publishers Weekly" Hardcover nonfiction list. 

Johnson was chairman of Spencer Johnson Partners until his death in 2017.

Johnson died in San Diego, California on July 3, 2017 of complications from pancreatic cancer, aged 78.


Adriana Sivieri

Adriana Sivieri (born 21 June 1918) is a retired Argentine-born Italian movie actress.
She also worked in radio and as a voice actor, dubbing foreign movies for release in Italy. She was known for her roles in "Vanity" (1947), "Bitter Rice" (1949) and in "At the Edge of the City" (1953).

Sivieri was born in Buenos Aires.

Lure

Lure may refer to:








Josephine Webb

Josephine Webb (born June 21, 1918) is an American electrical engineer. She was known as "switchgear". She designed an eighteen-inch, full newspaper size fax machine with superior resolution. 

Webb co-founded Webb Consulting Company with her husband, also an electrical engineer. She is one of the first female electrical engineers, and considered a pioneer by the Society of Women Engineers. At Purdue University, she was one out of a total of five women engineers.

Niagara Falls, New York

Niagara Falls ( ) is a city in Niagara County, New York, United States.

As of the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 48,671, down from the 50,193 recorded in the 2010 census.

It is across the Niagara River, across from the city of Niagara Falls, Ontario, and named after the famed Niagara Falls which they share. The city is within the Buffalo–Niagara Falls Metropolitan Statistical Area as well as the Western New York region.


Halling, Kent

Halling is a village on the North Downs in the northern part of Kent, England, It consists of Lower Halling, Upper Halling and North Halling, It also has a railway station, Halling railway station.

Halling railway station

Halling railway station is a railway station in Halling in Kent. The station is on the Medway Valley Line.

Thailand TESOL

Thailand TESOL is an academic and professional association that helps teachers of English as a Foreign Language (EFL). It is often called "ThaiTESOL" for short.

ThaiTESOL has a conference every year with papers, keynote speakers, workshops, and social events.

Thai TESOL has relationships with several other language teaching associations including KOTESOL and the Japan Association for Language Teaching.


Korea Teachers of English to Speakers of Other Languages

Korea Teachers of English to Speakers of Other Languages is an academic and professional association that helps teachers of English as a Foreign Language (EFL). It is often called KOTESOL for short.

KOTESOL started in 1992 when the Association of English Teachers in Korea (AETK) and the Korea Association of Teachers of English (KATE) joined.

KOTESOL members may join a smaller group called a Chapter. These are the Chapters of KOTESOL:

KOTESOL has a conference every year with papers, keynote speakers, workshops, and social events.

KOTESOL has relationships with several other language teaching associations:


Philippine Association for Language Teaching

The Philippine Association for Language Teaching is an academic and professional association that helps teachers of English as a Foreign Language (EFL). It is often called PALT for short. Its offices are at the College of Education of the University of the Philippines in Quezon City. 

PALT started in 1960.

PALT has a convention every year with papers, keynote speakers, workshops, and social events. Its first international convention was in 2001.

PALT has relationships with several other language teaching associations including:


Best of My Love (Eagles song)

"Best of My Love" is a soft rock song from the Eagles. The song was part of the studio album "On the Border". It was released in November 1974. It was the third single from the album. It was the Eagles' first #1 song on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100. It became so in March 1975.

The song was also at the top of the easy listening chart for one week in February 1975. The "Billboard" Year End Charts ranked "Best of My Love" at #12 for 1975. It sold over a million copies.

The single edit was shortened by Asylum Records. The record company shortened the single, so that it would be more radio-friendly, without the Eagles' knowledge. This made them angry. Don Henley wanted the single pulled from stores. The full song is four minutes and thirty four seconds.

When the song was judged to have sold over a million copies, Eagles' manager, Irving Azoff, sent a gold record with a piece cut-out to Asylum Records.

The song was later remade by the country music group Brooks & Dunn in 1993.

The Association for the Teaching English as a Foreign Language in Indonesia

The Association for the Teaching English as a Foreign Language in Indonesia is an academic and professional association that helps teachers of English as a Foreign Language (EFL). It is often called TEFLIN for short.

TEFLIN started in 1972 as a meeting of a small group of teachers. In 1982, it became organized as a group of these nine universities:

TEFLIN has a conference every year with papers, keynote speakers, workshops, and social events. It held its first international conference in 2003.

TEFLIN has relationships with several other language teaching associations including:


Cambodian Civil War

The Cambodian Civil War was a five-year war that lasted from 1970 to 1975 and took place in Cambodia. The Khmer Republic was friendly with both South Vietnam and the United States and fought against the Khmer Rouge, who were friendly with both North Vietnam and the Viet Cong. After the war ended in 1975, the Khmer Rouge won the war.

Satya Wacana Christian University

Universitas Kristen Satya Wacana (Satya Wacana Christian University) is a university in Salatiga, Java, Indonesia. It is a private, Christian university.

Diponegoro University

Universitas Diponegoro (Diponegoro University) is a public university in Semarang, Java, Indonesia.

Tom Blom

Tom Blom (25 September 1946 – 3 July 2017) was a Dutch television and radio presenter. He was born in The Hague. His career began in 1975. Blom made his television debut as a announcer at "The Johnny Kraaijkamp Show". Later, he was a presenter of the record program "De Eerste de Beste". From 1983, Blom was a commentator and co-presenter at "Te land, ter zee en in de lucht".

Blom died on 3 July 2017 in The Hague of brain cancer at the age of 70.


Whang-od

Whang-od Oggay (born 17 February 1917) is a Filipina tattoo artist from Buscalan, Tinglayan, Kalinga, Philippines. 

She is thought as the last "mambabatok" (traditional Kalinga tattooist) from the Butbut people in Buscalan Kalinga and the oldest tattoo artist in the Philippines. She has been tattooing headhunters and women of the indigenous people of Butbut in Buscalan Kalinga for more than 80 years, but the Butbut warriors who used to earn tattoos through protecting villages or killing enemies no longer exist. 

Instead, Whang-od now applies the traditional art form to tourists visiting Buscalan.

Columbus, Texas

Columbus is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Colorado County.

San Diego, Texas

San Diego is a city in the U.S. state of Texas. It is the county seat of Duval County.

Eduardo Saverin

Eduardo Luiz Saverin (; ; born March 19, 1982) is a Brazilian Internet entrepreneur and "angel" investor. Saverin is one of the co-founders of Facebook. , he owns 53 million Facebook shares (approximately 0.4% of all outstanding shares) and has a net worth of $10.3 billion, according to "Forbes". He has also invested in early-stage startups such as Qwiki and Jumio.

In what was seen by some as a move to avoid U.S. taxes, Saverin renounced (gave up) his U.S. citizenship in September 2011. According to Saverin, he renounced his citizenship because of his "interest in working and living in Singapore" where he has been since 2009. He avoided an estimated $700 million in capital gains taxes; this generated some media attention and controversy. Saverin denies that he left the U.S. to avoid paying taxes.

St Anton am Arlberg

Sankt Anton am Arlberg is a ski resort in the state of Tyrol, Austria. It was the host of the Alpine World Ski Championships in 2001.


Caselle Landi

Caselle Landi is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Lodi in the Italian region Lombardy. It is about southeast of Lodi. As of 2004 about 1,751 people lived there. It has an area of .

Caselle Landi borders the following municipalities: Cornovecchio, Meleti, Corno Giovine, Santo Stefano Lodigiano, Castelnuovo Bocca d'Adda, Piacenza and Caorso.

Jalandhar

Jalandhar is a city in the state of Punjab in India.

Cama, Switzerland

Cama is a municipality in the district of Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Castaneda, Switzerland

Castaneda is a municipality of the district of Moesa in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Calverstown

Calverstown () is a village in County Kildare, Ireland.

Sacramento, Minas Gerais

Sacramento is a municipality in the west of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais.

Neighboring municipalities are: Perdizes (N), Araxá and Tapira (NE), São Roque de Minas and Delfinópolis (SE), Ibiraci (S), Pedregulho and Rifaina (SW), Conquista and Uberaba, and Nova Ponte and Santa Juliana (NW).

Cargèse

Cargèse (, ) is a village and commune. It is in the Corse-du-Sud department in south France.

Courtavon

Courtavon is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Mandate of Heaven

The Mandate of Heaven (天命) was a Chinese political and religious doctrine used to justify the rule of the emperor of China. According to this belief, heaven (天, "Tian") stands for the natural order and will of the universe. Heaven will give a mandate to a just ruler, the Son of Heaven. If a ruler was overthrown, this was interpreted as an indication that the ruler was unworthy, and had lost the mandate. It was also a common belief that natural disasters such as famine and flood were signs of heaven's displeasure with the ruler, so there would often be revolts after major disasters as citizens saw these as signs that the Mandate of Heaven had been withdrawn.

Mandate of Heaven does not require a legitimate ruler to be of noble birth, and dynasties such as the Han and Ming dynasties were founded by men of common origins. The Mandate of Heaven had no time limitations, depending instead on the just and able performance of the rulers and their heirs. The concept is in some ways similar to the European concept of the divine right of kings; however, unlike the European concept, it does not confer an unconditional right to rule. The concept of Mandate of Heaven also included the right of rebellion against an unjust ruler. Chinese historians interpreted a successful revolt as evidence that Heaven had withdrawn its mandate from the ruler. Throughout Chinese history, times of poverty and natural disasters were often taken as signs that heaven considered the current ruler unjust and in need of replacement. The Mandate of Heaven was often invoked by philosophers and scholars in China as a way to curtail the abuse of power by the ruler. 

The concept of the Mandate of Heaven was first used to support the rule of the kings of the Zhou dynasty (1046–256 BCE), and legitimize their overthrow of the earlier Shang dynasty (1600–1046 BCE). It was used throughout the history of China to support the rule of emperors, including non-Han ethnic monarchs such as the Qing dynasty. This concept was also used by monarchs in neighboring countries like Korea and Vietnam. A similar situation prevailed since the establishment of Ahom rule in the Kingdom of Assam of Southeast Asia.


Nelsan Ellis

Nelsan Ellis (November 30, 1977 – July 8, 2017) was an American actor and playwright. He was best known for his role as Lafayette Reynolds in the HBO series "True Blood" from 2008 to 2014. He also appeared in the movies "The Butler" (2013) and "Get on Up" (2014).

Ellis was born in Harvey, Illinois. He joined the United States Marines at the age of 17.

Ellis died of heart failure caused by alcohol withdrawal on July 8, 2017 in Brooklyn, New York. He was 39.

Content word

A content word is a word in a language that has meaning. The most common content words are nouns, verbs, adjectives, and adverbs. Unlike function words, content words are usually open class, which means that there is no end to how many words a part of speech in a language can have. Since content words are usually more important in a sentence, they tend to be said with more stress in an English sentence.

Open class

An open class of words is a part of speech that can easily add new words. A closed class of words, on the other hand, cannot add new words easily. For example, since pronouns are a closed class, there are fairly few pronouns: I, me, my, mine, myself, you, you, your, yours, yourself, he, him, his, his, himself, she, her, her, hers, herself, it, it, its, its, itself, we, us, our, ours, ourselves, they, them, their, theirs, themselves. Since pronouns are used to replace whole noun phrases, there is no need to have many kinds of pronouns. Instead of saying "The Earl of Sandwich introduced the Earl of Sandwich's favorite food, the sandwich", one uses the pronoun "his" to replace "the Earl of Sandwich's" to make the sentence not repeat itself when it doesn't have to, thus the sentence becomes "The Earl of Sandwich introduced his favorite food, the sandwich". New nouns, on the other hand, can easily be made, and are constantly being added into the English language.

PSL sniper rifle

The PSL is a Romanian sniper rifle that is based on the Soviet RPK and the PSL looks similar to the Soviet SVD. The PSL was used by the Romanian army since 1974. The length of the PSL is 45.3 inches and the PSL uses a 7.62×54mmR or a 7.62×51mm NATO.


PSL

PSL can mean several things:

Quit India Movement

The Quit India Movement was a movement started by Mahatma Gandhi on 9 August 1942. The movement wanted to end British rule in India. The movement was started in a speech in Bombay, where Mahatma Gandhi asked Indians to "Do or Die." The Congress launched a protest asking the British to withdraw from India. However, the British imprisoned most of the Congress leadership within a day of the speech to suppress the movement. All of the British refused to grant independence until the war ended. People destroyed symbols of British authority such as rail tracks, post office, and police station. Leaders of the Quit India movement were Sucheta Kriplani, Ram Manohar Lohia, Aruna Asaf Ali, and Jaiprakash Narayan.

The failure of the crips mission & effects of World War II created widespread discontentment in India. This led Gandhi to launch a movement calling for complete withdrawal of the British from Quandale dingle. 

"==Resolution==
"The Congress Working Committee, in its meeting in Wardha on 14 July 1942, passed the historic Quit India resolution demanding the immediate transfer ofans & quit India. On 8 August 1942 in Bombay, the All India Congress Committee called for a nonon-violent mass struggle on the widest possible scale throughout the Mahatma Gandhi delivered the famous "Do or Die" speech: The call for Quit India a most to a standstill in large parts of the country as people voluntarily threw themselves into People observed hearts and demonstrations and processions were accompanied by the movement was truly a mass movement which brought into its ambit thousands of idents, workers and peasants. It also saw the active participation of leaders, namely onps Aruna Asal Al and Ram Manohar Lohia and many women such as Matangini Hazera in Bengal Kanta Berry in Assam and Rama Devi in Odisha.The British responded with much force, yet it took more than a ps the movement. In Quit India Movement, Sucheta Kripalani also played main role. For the record gandhi was kek.

Mistinguett

Mistinguett (3 April 1875 – 5 January 1956) was a French actress and singer. Her real name was Jeanne Florentine Bourgeois. For many years she was the star of the Folies Bergère and other nightclubs in Paris. She was also in many silent movies.

Mistinguett was born in Enghien-les-Bains, a small town near Paris, Her parents, Antoine and Jeannette Bourgeois, made mattresses. When she was 12 years old she began to take violin lessons in Paris. One day on the train to Paris, she met a man who wrote songs for nightclubs and theatres in Paris. In 1893 he helped her to get a job at the Casino de Paris, a music hall and cabaret theatre. First she worked backstage. Then in 1895, she became a singer there. She chose the stage name "Mistinguett". 

In 1897, she performed at the El Dorado and then at the Folies Bergère and the Moulin Rouge. She had a big success at the Folies Bergère in 1911 when she danced with Maurice Chevalier. She and Chevalier were lovers for several years. Mistinguett became the most famous singer and actress in Paris and made a lot of money. She also appeared in many silent movies between 1908 and 1917.

She still performed in nightclubs when she was 72 years old. In 1954 she wrote her autobiography. Its title in English was "Mistinguette, Queen of the Paris Night". Mistinguett suffered a stroke on Christmas Eve 1955. She was staying at her brother's house in Bougival, a suburb of Paris. She died two weeks later. She never married, but she had one son, Léopoldo João de Lima e Silva. His father was a diplomat from Brazil. Her son was with her when she died.


SIR model

The SIR model is a simple mathematical model of epidemics. An epidemic is when the number of people infected with a disease is increasing in a population. 

S, I, and R stand for:
Below is a graph of a solved SIR model. The bottom (x) axis is time, and the left (y) axis is the population or the number of people. 

Blue represents the number of susceptible people. At the beginning of the epidemic, the number of susceptible (blue) people decreases as the number of infected (green) people increases. Gradually the number of recovered (red) people increases. In this particular model, after the epidemic is over, all people have been infected and recovered. This is not always the case; sometimes, some susceptible people remain uninfected.

This model is also missing some parts, such as creating new susceptible people by being born and the removal of susceptible, infected, and recovered people who die. More complicated models can include these parts. 

Also, this model does not work well for every disease. It works well where people recover from a disease and become immune, such as measles. Not all infectious diseases follow this pattern. For instance, people infected with HIV never recover, and there is no vaccine, so there is no group of recovered people, only susceptible and infected people. There is also the case where people recover from a disease but do not become immune or lose their immunity over time. For instance, when people get the flu, they are generally only immune for a short time before they become susceptible again.

There are also different kinds of models when as the disease is spread through the water, such as in the case of cholera, or by a vector like a mosquito, such as malaria.

Engadin

The Engadin or Engadine (, , , ; lit.: "Valley of the Inn people") is a long high Alpine valley in the eastern Swiss Alps. It is found in the canton of Graubünden. It is about 25,000 inhabitants. It follows the route of the Inn () from its headwaters at Maloja Pass in the southwest running roughly northeast until the Inn flows into Austria, one hundred kilometers downstream. The Inn subsequently flows at Passau into the Danube, as the only Swiss river to drain into the Black Sea.

The Engadine is connected by the Julier, Albula, Flüela Passes and the Vereina Tunnel to the northern part of Switzerland and the rest of the canton of Graubünden.

The highest mountains of the wider area of the Engadine is the Bernina Range in the southwestern part.


Asbach-Bäumenheim

Asbach-Bäumenheim is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is Martin Paninka of the SPD political party. During WW2 prisoners were kept in a concentration camp there, and were forced to work. A memorial remembers the prisoners who died. The village was named Asbach-Bäumenheim in 1958.

Auhausen

Auhausen is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. Auhausen was the site of the 1608 meeting that formed the Protestant Union. This is also known as the "Union of Auhausen". The mayor is currently Wilhalm Dorner.

Tuttlingen (district)

Tuttlingen is a rural district () in the south of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Rottweil, Zollernalbkreis, Sigmaringen, Constance and Schwarzwald-Baar. The capital is Tuttlingen.

Fridingen

Fridingen is a town of the district Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. The town is about east of Tuttlingen, and west of Sigmaringen. It is on the Danube river.


Bärenthal

Bärenthal is a small municipality of the district of Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Castasegna

Castasegna was a municipality of the district Maloja in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. It is part of the municipality of Bregaglia.

Castiel, Switzerland

Castiel is a former municipality in the district of Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2013 the former municipalities of Castiel, Calfreisen, Langwies, Lüen, Molinis, Peist and St. Peter-Pagig merged into the municipality of Arosa.


Aurora, Ohio

Aurora is a city in Portage County, Ohio, United States. There were 17,239 people living there at the 2020 census. It is part of the Akron Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Norwood, Missouri

Norwood is a city of Wright County, Missouri, United States. The population was 578 at the 2020 census.

Avon, Ohio

Avon is a city in Lorain County, Ohio, United States. The population was 24,847 at the 2020 census.

Avon Lake, Ohio

Avon Lake is a city in Lorain County, Ohio, United States. It is near Lake Erie. 25,206 people lived there at the 2020 census. It is part of Greater Cleveland.

Barberton, Ohio

Barberton is a city in Summit County, Ohio, United States. 25,191 people lived there at the 2020 census. It is near Akron and is part of the Akron metropolitan area.

Martins Ferry, Ohio

Martins Ferry is a city in Belmont County, Ohio, United States, on the Ohio River. It is the largest city in Belmont County. 6,260 people lived there as of the 2020 census.

Martins Ferry is part of the Wheeling metropolitan area.

Coppet

Coppet is a municipality of the district of Nyon in the Swiss canton of Vaud.


Forel-sur-Lucens

Forel-sur-Lucens is a former municipality of the district Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, it is part of the municipality of Lucens.

Dannemarie, Haut-Rhin

Dannemarie is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Piotr Ligienza

Piotr Ligienza (born 31 May 1982) is a Polish actor. He was known for his roles in the series "Ranczo" and "Synowie". He has appeared in the play "Romulus Wielki" (directed by Krzysztof Zanussi).

Ligienza was born in Dzierżoniów, Poland.

Disruptive innovation

Disruptive innovation, sometimes called disruptive technology is the name for a technology or innovation that changes the market: It creates a new market. These new markets are small at first, which makes them uninteresting for established market players. If disruptive innovation is used, the market will grow at a high speed. Eventually, they will replace existing technology, though. An example of this is Flash memory. When it was introduced it was expensive, and capacities were small, compared to hard disks. On the other hand, flash memory is small, and uses little energy. It began to be used in mp3 players and usb flash drives. Eventually, it was used for Solid state disks, which started to replace hard drives.

Clayton M. Christensen first used the term in 1995: Christensen defines a disruptive innovation as a product or service designed for a new set of customers.
"Generally, disruptive innovations were technologically straightforward, consisting of off-the-shelf components put together in a product architecture that was often simpler than [previous] approaches. They offered less of what customers in established markets wanted and so could rarely be initially employed there. They offered a different package of attributes valued only in emerging markets remote from, and unimportant to, the mainstream."

Dessenheim

Dessenheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Ataullah Behmanesh

Ataullah Behmanesh (Persian: ) (April 13, 1923 – July 2, 2017) was an Iranian wrestler and sports journalist. Behmanesh was one of the oldest and most prominent Iranian sports reporters, He conducted the first live sports report in Iran from Radio in 1958 to compete in Iranian and Iraqi national Sport of athletics competitions. 

Behmanesh died of a stroke in Tehran on July 2, 2017 at the age of 94.

Joe Robinson (actor)

Joseph Robinson (31 May 1927 – 3 July 2017) was an English actor and stuntman. He was known for his roles in "A Kid for Two Farthings", "The Loneliness of the Long Distance Runner", and in "Thor and the Amazon Women".

Robinson died at the age of 90 on July 3, 2017, in Brighton, East Sussex of dementia-related complications.


Irina Ratushinskaya

Irina Borisovna Ratushinskaya (, 4 March 1954, Odessa – 5 July 2017, Moscow) was a Russian dissident, poet and writer.

On September 17, 1982, Ratushinskaya was arrested for anti-Soviet agitation. In April 1983, she was convicted of "agitation carried on for the purpose of subverting or weakening the Soviet regime", sentenced to seven years in a labor camp followed by five years of internal exile. She was released on October 9, 1986, on the eve of the summit in Reykjavík, Iceland between President Ronald Reagan and Mikhail Gorbachev.

Ratushinskaya died on 5 July 2017 in Moscow of cancer at the age of 63.

Diego E. Hernández

Vice Admiral Diego E. Hernandez (March 25, 1934 – July 7, 2017) was a United States Navy officer. He was the first Hispanic to be named Vice Commander of North American Aerospace Defense Command (NORAD). He then underwent flight training and in August 1956, was designated a Naval Aviator.

Hernandez died on July 7, 2017 from complications of Parkinson's disease at the age of 83.

Diane Von Hoffman

Phyllis Burch (April 13, 1962 – July 6, 2017) was an American professional wrestler active from 1979 to 2013. Burch wrestled under the names Diane Von Hoffman, The Teutonic Terror, and Lady Beast. She wrestled in Memphis's United States Wrestling Association in the 1990s as Moondog Fifi, a member of The Moondogs stable. She also wrestled for the Ladies Professional Wrestling Association, Continental Wrestling Association, and Ladies Major League Wrestling.

Hoffman died on July 6, 2017, at the age of 55 after knee surgery.

Elsa Martinelli

Elsa Martinelli (Elisa Tia; 30 January 1935 – 8 July 2017) was an Italian actress and fashion model.

In 1956 she won the Silver Bear for Best Actress at the 6th Berlin International Film Festival for playing the title role in Mario Monicelli's "Donatella".

Martinelli appeared in "Four Girls in Town" (1957), "Manuela" (1957), "Prisoner of the Volga" (1959), "Hatari!" (1962), "The Pigeon That Took Rome" (1962), "The Trial" (1962), "The V.I.P.s" (1963), "Rampage" (1963), "Woman Times Seven" (1967), and "Candy" (1968).

Martinelli died in Rome on 8 July 2017 of lung cancer at the age of 82.

Ilya Glazunov

Ilya Glazunov (; 10 June 1930 – 9 July 2017) was a Russian artist from Saint Petersburg. He held the title of People's Artist of Russia. He served as a rector at the Russian Academy of Painting, Sculpture and Architecture in Moscow (Russian: Российская академия живописи, ваяния и зодчества).

Glazunov's paintings have mostly historic or religious themes. Famous works include "Russia the Eternal", "The 20th Century Mystery", "The Ruining of the Temple on Easter Night", and illustrations to the works of Fyodor Dostoyevsky.

Glazunov died on 9 July 2017 in Moscow at the age of 87.


Anton Nossik

Anton Borisovich Nossik (; July 4, 1966 – July 9, 2017) was a Jewish-Russian start-up manager, journalist, social activist and popular Russian blogger (10th place in RuNet according to Yandex). 

Sometimes he is called one of the "fathers of the Russian Internet"or the first Russian-language blogger in the history. He was editor of the largest online news publications Vesti.ru, Lenta.ru, Gazeta.ru and NEWSru.com.

Nossik died from a heart attack at the night of 9 July 2017 near Moscow at the age of 51.

Paquita Rico

Francisca Rico Martínez (13 October 1929 – 9 July 2017), better known as Paquita Rico, was a Spanish actress and singer. She was born in Triana, Seville. She appeared in 30 movies between 1948 and 1983. She starred in the movie "Let's Make the Impossible!", which was entered into the 8th Berlin International Film Festival.

Rico died at a hospital in Seville, Spain from pneumonia on 9 July 2017 at the age of 87.

Naresh Chandra

Naresh Chandra (1 August 1934 – 9 July 2017) was an Indian politician. He was born in Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh, India. He served as the 20th Cabinet Secretary of India from 1990 through 1992, the 13th Governor of Gujarat from 1995 through 1996 and as the 19th Indian Ambassador to the United States from 1996 through 2001.

Chandra was awarded India's second highest civil awards, the Padma Vibhushan, for his service in 2007.

Chandra died at a hospital in Panaji, Goa, India of multiple organ failure on 9 July 2017 at the age of 82.


Karan Singh

Karan Singh (born 9 March 1931) is an Indian politician, philanthropist and poet. He was born in Cannes, France.

Singh is a member of India's Upper House of Parliament, the Rajya Sabha representing the National Capital Territory of Delhi. He is a senior member of the Indian National Congress Party who served successively as President (Sadr-i-Riyasat) and Governor of Jammu and Kashmir.

Singh is the son of the last ruler of the erstwhile princely state of Jammu and Kashmir, Maharaja Hari Singh. In the 26th amendment to the Constitution of India promulgated in 1971, the Government of India, of which Karan Singh was a Union cabinet minister, abolished all official symbols of princely India, including titles, privileges, and remuneration (privy purses). During the conclusion of the Cold War, he was India's ambassador to the USA. Singh received the Padma Vibhushan in 2005.

Singh was seen as a possible candidate for President in the July 2017 Indian presidential election by Bhim Singh"."


Andrzej Olechowski

Andrzej Marian Olechowski (born 9 September 1947 in Kraków, Poland) is a Polish politician. He was one of the co-founders of liberal conservative party Civic Platform in 2001 with Maciej Płażyński and Donald Tusk. He served as Minister of Finance (1992) in the Jan Olszewski's Government and Minister of Foreign Affairs (1993–1995) in the Waldemar Pawlak's Government.

Olechowski was an independent candidate in 2000 presidential election, coming second after incumbent Aleksander Kwaśniewski. In 2002, he was Civic Platform's candidate for president of Warsaw but failed to even get to the second round. Afterwards he began moving away from politics.

He left the Civic Platform in July 2009 and started co-operating with the Democratic Party. He was one of the candidates in the 2010 Polish presidential election, but got only 1.44% of votes and didn't get into the second round.

V. V. Sadagopan

V. V. Sadagopan (born Veeravanallur Vedantam Sadagopan; 29 January 1915) is an Indian movie actor, music teacher, performer and composer. He was a prolific writer in English and Tamil. Apart from articles on music, he has written poetry, lyrics and even a number of stories in Tamil, that were published in Ananda Vikatan.

He acted as the main actor in the Tamil movie "Nava Yuvan" (Modern Youth) that had an alternate title "Geethasaram" (Essence of Gita). Gemini Studios started their movie production in the year 1941 and produced the Tamil movie "Madanakamarajan" which became one of Sadahopan's greatest roles.

Sadagopan was a member of the audition panel of All India Radio (AIR) and also of the experts committee of the Madras Music Academy. 


Buchdorf

Buchdorf is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Georg Vellinger of the CSU party.

List of ambassadors of India to the United States

The Indian Ambassador to the United States is the main representative of India to the United States. They live in the embassy of India in Washington, D.C.



Daiting

Daiting is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Johann Roßkopf.

In the 1980s part of a Archaeopteryx fossil was found in Daiting. It is known as the Daiting Specimen. Scientists believe that it is a new type of Archaeopteryx.

Jane

Jane is a feminine given name:







Jane Doe or Jane Roe is used in American law as a "placeholder name" for anonymous or unknown female participants in legal proceedings. 

Jane Doe is used in United States police investigations when the identity of a female victim is unknown or incorrect, and by hospitals to refer to a female corpse or patient whose identity is unknown.

Deiningen

Deiningen is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Karl-Heinz Stippler.

Donauwörth

Donauwörth (; Swabian: "Donawerd") is a town and the capital of the Donau-Ries district in Swabia, Bavaria, Germany. It is said to have been founded by two fishermen where the rivers Danube (Donau) and Wörnitz meet. The city is part of the scenic route called "Romantische Straße" (Romantic Road).

The city is located between Munich and Nuremberg, 46 km north of Augsburg.

In 1704 the Battle of Schellenberg (or the Battle of Donauwörth) took place there. This was part of the War of the Spanish Succession, and was fought by John Churchill, 1st Duke of Marlborough against the French. The French were defeated and nearly 5000 of them drowned while trying to escape across the Danube. 

Ederheim

Ederheim is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Caroline Zehnpfennig.

Ehingen am Ries

Ehingen am Ries is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Paul Fackler.

Forheim

Forheim is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Werner Thum.

Böttingen

Böttingen is a municipality of the district of Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Bubsheim

Bubsheim is a municipality of the district of Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. 

Casti-Wergenstein

Casti-Wergenstein () was a municipality in Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Casti-Wergenstein, Donat, Lohn and Mathon merged to form the new municipality of Muntogna da Schons.



Castrisch

Castrisch was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Castrisch, Duvin, Ilanz, Ladir, Luven, Pigniu, Pitasch, Riein, Rueun, Ruschein, Schnaus, Sevgein and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.


Cauco

Cauco is a former municipality of the district of Moesa in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Cauco, Arvigo, Braggio and Selma merged into the new municipality of Calanca.
Cauco, Bodio, Lasciallo and Masciadone


Fremdingen

Fremdingen is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Klaus Lingel.

Fünfstetten

Fünfstetten is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Christa Lechner of the CSU party.

Genderkingen

Genderkingen is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Roland Dietz.

Barrancabermeja

Barrancabermeja is a city in the Santander Department of Colombia. The city was founded in 1922. It is on the shore of the Magdalena River.

It is west of Bucaramanga.


Hainsfarth

Hainsfarth is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Ursula Seefried.

Hainsfarth is home to a large Jewish population, which made up 40% of the people living there in 1810. Since 1710 it has had a synagogue. This was destroyed by the Nazis in 1938, but it was rebuilt in 1996. The village also has a Jewish cemetery, which was ruined by the Nazis. This was also restored.

Harburg, Bavaria

Harburg is a city in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Wolfgang Kilian. The city is part of the scenic route called "Romantische Straße" (Romantic Road). It also has one of the most impressive medieval castles in Germany, which was first mentioned in 1150. There is also a rare Jewish cemetery.

Hohenaltheim

Hohenaltheim is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Willi Amerdinger.

Hayes, Bromley

Hayes is an area of the London Borough of Bromley. It used to be called a village and still has many of the features of one.

Bay Village, Ohio

Bay Village is a city in Ohio in the United States. As of 2020, 16,163 people lived there. Bay Village is located in Ohio's 7th congressional district.

Alcobaça, Portugal

Alcobaça is a city in Portugal. It is in the Leiria District. In 2011, 56,693 people lived there.

Anadyr (town)

Anadyr (; Chukchi: , "Kagyrgyn") is a port town in Russia. It is the administrative center of Chukotka Autonomous Okrug. In 2010, 13,045 people lived there.

Didenheim

Didenheim is a former commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune Brunstatt-Didenheim.

Diefmatten

Diefmatten is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

It is about 15 km west of Mulhouse.

Dietwiller

Dietwiller is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department in east France.

Dolleren

Dolleren is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Snodland

Snodland is a small town on the River Medway, located between Rochester and Maidstone in the English county of Kent. It is about 27 miles from central London, It also has a railway station, Snodland railway station.

Snodland railway station

Snodland railway station is a railway station in Snodland in Kent. The station is on the Medway Valley Line.

England, Arkansas

England is a city in the US state of Arkansas.

London, Ohio

London is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is the county seat of Madison County. It has 2 schools inside city limits, London City Schools & St. Patricks School.

Gnetum

Gnetum is the only genus in the plant family Gnetaceae. They are gymnosperms: their seeds are naked, whereas the seeds of flowering plants are covered.

Plants in "Gnetum" are evergreen. Most of them are woody vines, but some are big enough to be trees. They grow in warmer, tropical regions of the world. There are over 50 species living. Although some are endangered, the group as a whole are not threatened. Some species are in danger of dying out because they only live in small areas, and the forest where they grow is being turned into land for farming.

"Gnetum" may have been one of the first plants to be pollinated by insects, with other members of this group such as "Ephedra" and "Welwitschia".

Gnetophyte fossils have been found that date from the Permian and the Triassic. Fossils dating back to the Jurassic have been found, though whether or not they belong to the gnetophytes is uncertain. Overall, the fossil record is richest in the early Cretaceous: fossils of plants, seeds, and pollen have been found which are clearly gnetophytes.

Richard Gilbert Scott

Richard Gilbert Scott (12 December 1923 – 1 July 2017) was a British architect. He was the son of Giles Gilbert Scott and great-grandson of the great Gothic Revival architect George Gilbert Scott. He was known for designing the Forth Road Bridge. He was born in London, England.

Scott was educated at Harrow, Charterhouse School, Bartlett School of Architecture University College London, and Regent Street Polytechnic School of Architecture.

Scott died in Birmingham, England on 1 July 2017 at the age of 93.

Pierrette Bloch

Pierrette Bloch (June 16, 1928 – July 7, 2017) was a French-born Swiss painter and textile artist. Bloch began exhibiting her works in Paris and the United States in the 1950s. The ensemble of her works have their roots in the use of "poor" materials such as ink, paper, mesh, and horsehair. Her work has been exhibited in Europe, Asia, and the Americas.

She was of Jewish descent.

Bloch died on July 7, 2017 in Paris at the age of 89.

James B. Nutter Sr.

James Bradford Nutter, Sr. (January 23, 1928 – July 7, 2017) was an American businessman and philanthropist. He was the founder and chairman of James B. Nutter & Company, a privately owned mortgage banking firm headquartered in Kansas City, Missouri. It is one of the oldest and largest family-owned and operated mortgage lending firms in the United States. Nutter was named 2012 Kansas Citian of the Year by the Greater Kansas City Chamber of Commerce.

Nutter Sr. died in Kansas City on July 7, 2017 from stroke-related complications at the age of 89.

Kenneth Silverman

Kenneth Silverman (February 5, 1936 – July 7, 2017) was a professor emeritus of English at New York University and a Pulitzer Prize-winning biographer. Silverman was born in Manhattan. He studied at Columbia University.

He was a fellow of the American Academy of Arts and Sciences, and has received the Edgar Award of the Mystery Writers of America, and the Christopher Literary Award of the Society of American Magicians.

Silverman died of complications from respiratory failure in Manhattan on July 7, 2017 at the age of 81.


List of United States permanent representatives to NATO

The United States Permanent Representative to NATO (commonly called the U.S. Ambassador to NATO) is the official representative of the United States to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. 

The Representative has the rank of full ambassador and is appointed by the President and confirmed by the Senate. The full official title of the Representative is United States Permanent Representative on the Council of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, with the rank and status of Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary. 

The first Representative was appointed by President Dwight D. Eisenhower in 1953.


Peter Härtling

Peter Härtling (13 November 1933 – 10 July 2017) was a German writer, poet, publisher and journalist. He received the Order of Merit of the Federal Republic of Germany for his major contribution to German literature. His first children's book, "Und das ist die ganze Familie", was published the following year. His children's literature has often focused on social problems involving children.


L. K. Advani

Lal Krishna Advani (born 8 November 1927) known as L. K. Advani is an Indian politician and a senior leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He co-founded the party in April 1980.

Advani served as Minister of Home Affairs in the BJP-led National Democratic Alliance government from 1998 to 2004. He served as 7th Deputy Prime Minister of India from 2002 to 2004 under Atal Bihari Vajpayee. He was the Leader of the Opposition in the 10th Lok Sabha and 14th Lok Sabha. Advani began his political career as a volunteer of Rashtriya Swayamsevak Sangh, a right-wing Hindu nationalist organisation.

In 2015 he was awarded the Padma Vibhushan, India's second highest civilian honor.


Lal Krishna Advani

Hervé Villechaize

Hervé Jean-Pierre Villechaize (; 23 April 1943 – 4 September 1993) was a French actor, teenage model and painter. He was born in Paris.

Villechaize was known for his many movie and television roles including that of the evil henchman Nick Nack in the James Bond movie, "The Man with the Golden Gun" (1974), as well as Mr. Roarke's assistant, Tattoo, on the television series "Fantasy Island" (1978–1984). He starred in the movie "Forbidden Zone" (1980), and appeared in "" (1982), and episodes of "Diff'rent Strokes" and "Taxi".

Villechaize was of French/European descent. He suffered from proportionate dwarfism. In later years, he insisted on being called a "midget" rather than a "dwarf". His height was 3 feet and 10 inches. In 1964 he left France for the United States.

Villechaize was married to Anne Sadowski from 1970 until they divorced in 1979. From 1980 through 1982, he was married to Camille Hagen. Until his death in 1993, he was partners with Kathy Self.

During his later years Villechaize struggled with depression and suicidal thoughts.

In the early morning hours of 4 September 1993, Villechaize is believed to have first fired a shot through the sliding glass patio door in order to awaken his longtime girlfriend, Kathy Self, before shooting himself at his North Hollywood home. He was 50 years old. Villechaize left a suicide note saying he was suffering over longtime health problems. Villechaize was suffering from chronic pain due to having normal-sized internal organs putting increasing pressure on his small body. According to Self, Villechaize often slept in a kneeling position so he could breathe more easily.

His ashes were sprinkled into the Pacific Ocean off Point Fermin in San Pedro, Los Angeles, California.


Jim Bush

James Stanley "Jim" Bush (September 15, 1926 – July 10, 2017) was an American National Track and Field Hall of Fame track and field coach. He was known primarily for his coaching tenure at the University of California, Los Angeles from 1965 to 1984. During that time, his teams won five NCAA Men's Outdoor Track and Field Championships (1966, 1971, 1972, 1973, 1978 (tied with UTEP) and he coached as many as 30 Olympians. He was born in Cleveland, Ohio.

Bush died on July 10, 2017 in Culver City, California of melanoma at the age of 90.


Mangosuthu Buthelezi

Mangosuthu Buthelezi (27 August 1928 – 9 September 2023) was a South African politician and Zulu tribal leader. He founded the Inkatha Freedom Party (IFP) in 1975 and was Chief Minister of the KwaZulu bantustan until 1994. He was Minister of Home Affairs of South Africa from 1994 to 2004. His praise name was Shenge.

During the CODESA negotiations of the early 1990s, he represented the IFP. Following the introduction of the universal franchise in the 1994 general election, Buthelezi led the IFP to join the government of national unity, led by Nelson Mandela. Buthelezi served as Minister of Home Affairs until 2004. He continued to serve as both leader of the IFP and an MP, retaining his seat in the 2014 general election.

In 1964 he played King Cetshwayo kaMpande (his own maternal great-grandfather) in the movie "Zulu".

Buthelezi died on 9 September at his home in Ulundi, South Africa at the age of 95.


Louis Zorich

Louis Zorich (February 12, 1924 – January 30, 2018) was an American actor. He was perhaps best known to television audiences for his roles of Paul Reiser's father, Burt Buchman, on the NBC series "Mad About You". He played the role from 1993 to 1999.

Zorich died in Manhattan on January 30, 2018 of heart failure at the age of 93.


Paul Reiser

Paul Reiser (born March 30, 1957) is an American comedian, actor, model, composer, television personality and writer, author and musician. He is best known for his role in the 1990s TV sitcom "Mad About You". He is ranked 77th on Comedy Central's 2004 list of the "100 Greatest Stand-ups of All Time".

His well known movie roles are in "Diner" (1982), "Beverly Hills Cop" (1984), a role he reprised in its sequel, "Beverly Hills Cop II" (1987). Reiser also had roles in James Cameron's "Aliens" (1986), in which he played the corrupt Carter Burke; "The Marrying Man" (1991) and "Bye Bye Love" (1995).

Reiser is Jewish.

Isabelle Sadoyan

Isabelle Sadoyan (12 May 1928 – 10 July 2017) was a French-Armenian actress. She was the wife of actor Jean Bouise.

In her career, she was directed by Jeanne Moreau, Claude Chabrol, Claude Lelouch, Luc Besson, Jean-Luc Godard, Henri Verneuil, Bertrand Tavernier, Robert Kechichian and Krzysztof Kieślowski.

Sadoyan was known for her roles as Alice in the 1982 movie "The Hatter's Ghost" alongside Charles Aznavour. Her last role was as Mrs. Warner in the 2016 movie "Irreplaceable".

Sadoyan died on 10 July 2017 in Paris of heart failure at the age of 89.


Joseph Marcell

Joseph Marcell (born 18 August 1948) is a Saint Lucian born British actor. He is best known for his role as Geoffrey the butler on the NBC sitcom "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" from September 1990 until it ended in May 1996.


A. E. Hotchner

Aaron Edward Hotchner (June 28, 1917 – February 15, 2020) was an American editor, novelist, playwright, philanthropist and biographer.

Hotchner was an editor, biographer, novelist and playwright. In 1948, he met Ernest Hemingway, and the two were close friends until Hemingway's death in 1961. Hotchner is best known for "Papa Hemingway", his 1966 biography of Hemingway, whose work he had also adapted for plays and television.

Hotchner's play "Sweet Prince" was produced Off-Broadway in 1982, at the Theater Off-Park, starring Keir Dullea and Ian Abercrombie.

Hotchner died on February 15, 2020 in Westport, Connecticut at the age of 102.


Hypnotize (song)

"Hypnotize" is the lead single for Armenian American rock band System of a Down's album of the same name, which was released on November 22, 2005.

Nazi concentration camps in Norway

The Nazi occupation government built and used prison camps in Norway during World War Two. 709 prison camps [or concentration camps, and some death camps] were counted by a project, that was under advice by Randi Bratteli and some others. Other numbers say there were "around 500" prison camps.

There were prison camps for teachers (from Norway):




At least 28 prison camps had locations between Mo i Rana and Fauske (and 25 of these were for Soviet prisoners-of-war).






Grini detention camp

Grini concentration camp (; ) was Norway's largest concentration camp during the occupation of Norway during World War II.


Ludwigslust-Parchim

Ludwigslust-Parchim Rural District (German: "Landkreis Ludwigslust-Parchim") is a rural district ("Landkreis") of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, Germany.

On an area of 4,752 km² about 214,000 people were living in this district in 2016.

Capital is Parchim.

Ludwigslust-Parchim Rural District was created by joining the districts of Ludwigslust Rural District and Parchim Rural District on September 4, 2011.

Medway Valley Line

The Medway Valley line is a railway line in Kent linking and the Medway Towns with and on to , and London St Pancras International (peak only). The section from Maidstone West to Tonbridge passes through some of Kent's most picturesque countryside along the narrower sections of the River Medway.

The line serves the following stations: , , , , , , , , , , , , and 

The main trains used on the line is Class 375 Electrostars. Before the May 2012 Timetable changes Class 465 and Class 466 Networkers were used, these units still appear on the line when a 375 unit fails or is unavailable.
In May 2011, Class 395s was introduced on the Medway Valley line, operating a high speed service between Maidstone West and St. Pancras International via Strood.



Holzheim, Donau-Ries

Holzheim is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Robert Ruttmann.

New Hythe

New Hythe is a village in mid-Kent, England. It is on the banks of the River Medway. It is about 5 miles from Maidstone. Its name is from the Old English word Hythe, meaning haven or landing place, It also has a mill. New Hythe railway station is there.

New Hythe railway station

New Hythe railway station is a railway station in New Hythe, Kent. The station is on the Medway Valley Line.

The line between Strood and Maidstone, on which New Hythe lies, was completed in 1856. However, no trains went there until 9 December 1929. At that time, New Hythe Halt, a timber-built halt, was opened to serve the huge paper mill which was next to the line. The present station was constructed in 1936. The line was electrified in 1939.

All train services are provided by Southeastern. The typical off-peak service from New Hythe is two trains per hour to Maidstone West, with alternate trains extended to Paddock Wood and , and two trains an hour to Strood, for connections to London.


Huisheim

Huisheim is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Hermann Rupprecht of the Social Democratic Party of Germany.

Kaisheim

Kaisheim is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Martin Scharr of the PWG party. It has had a historic abbey since 1133.

Chris Beutler

Chris Beutler (born November 14, 1944) is an American politician. He is the 51st and current Mayor of Lincoln, serving since 2007. He previously served in the Nebraska Legislature from 1979 to 1986 from 1991 to 2006.

He was born in Omaha, Nebraska.

Fikret Hakan

Fikret Hakan (23 April 1934 – 11 July 2017), also known as Bumin Gaffar Çitanak, was a Turkish movie actor. He was the recipient of the honorary State Artist, a prestigious title awarded by the Turkish government. He was born in Balıkesir, Turkey. He was known for his role as Kara in "Revenge of the Snakes (Yılanların öcü)" (1962).

Hakan died on 11 July 2017 in a hospital in Istanbul, Turkey of lung cancer at the age of 83.

Éva Schubert

Éva Schubert (19 January 1931 – 11 July 2017) was a Hungarian actress. She was known for her roles in "Egy pikoló világos", "Felmegyek a miniszterhez", and for "Frakk, a macskák réme". She won a Kossuth Prize in 2013 for her lifetime achievement. She was born in Budapest.

Schubert died on 11 July 2017 in Budapest at the age of 86.

Maihingen

Maihingen is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Franz Stimpfle.

Marktoffingen

Marktoffingen is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Marlies Häfner.

Sabre

The sabre (British English) or saber (American English; see spelling differences) is a type of backsword. It has a curved blade associated with the light cavalry of the Early Modern and Napoleonic periods. It was first associated with central European cavalry, such as the Hussars. It became widespread in Europe during the Thirty Years' War. In particular the Croat light cavalry helped spread it. In the 17th century a light sabre was also used by infantry. In the 19th century sabres without curved blades became common. These could be used by heavy cavalry. The last sabre to be given to US cavalry was the Patton sabre (Model 1913 Cavalry Sabre) in 1913. 

The sabre was used as a duelling weapon in fencing in the 19th century. This has led to the rise of sabre fencing, which first appeared at the 1896 Summer Olympics. This discipline allows for cuts as well as thrusts, as did the historical sabre.

Karasjok

The municipality (of which the urban area is a part,) has Sami (or Sámi) and Norwegian as official languages.

The municipality is one of two in Norway where the majority of inhabitants speak Sami and have it as their main language.

Before the beginning of the 1700s, there might not have been a permanent population there. However the area was used by nomads.

During World War II a Nazi concentration camp was built in Karasjok: "Lager IV Karasjok" (German for "Karasjok Camp No.4", ). The camp was run by SS, and it was among the first four Nazi concentration camps in Northern Norway.

In July 1943, 374 political prisoners and POWs prisoners [mostly Yugoslav,] were brought to the concentration camp. They were tasked with widening the road to Karigasniemi, Finland. After four or five months, only 111 of these prisoners were still alive. At the end of the prisoners' stay in Karasjok, before transportation out of Karasjok, 45 prisoners were massacred by the firing of small arms. At least one former prisoner is (as of 2013) still alive.

In 2015 the second edition of Sapmi Pride, the LGBT pride festival, was held in Karasjok. To protest homosexuals attending the Karasjok Church, and to protest that a female priest held the services, Norges Samemisjon cancelled one of their radio broadcasts.
Regarding all the students in elementary schools grades one, two and three: For the last three years (as of 2024), all those students are in classes that have [Northern] Sami as the main language (of those classes).

The Sami secondary school, is one of two in Norway (as of 2014); 73% of the schools students say that Sami is their main language; 27% say that Sami is their second language (as of the school year that started in [August] 2009 and ended in [June] 2010); That school is run by the government.

The municipal council is elected until late 2027.


Durlinsdorf

Durlinsdorf is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Durmenach

Durmenach is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in the eastern France.

Wang Yangming

Wang Yangming (31 October 1472 – 9 January 1529), or Bo'an, was a Chinese philosopher, official, educationist, calligraphist, and general during the Ming dynasty.

He was born with the name Wang Shouren (王守仁) in the Zhejiang Province. He was known for his idealistic interpretation of neo-Confucianism, which was said to have a deeper effect on the philosophical thinking in East Asia for centuries.
Wang became a successful general and was known for the strict discipline he used on his troops. In 1517 and 1518, in response to petitions to suppress peasant revolts in Jiangxi, Fujian, and Guangdong provinces, Yangming asked the court to allow amnesty. This allowed Yangming to successfully defeat the rebel forces.

Yangming influenced many"," some including Lin Zexu, and Mao Zedong. He also was an influence to Tōgō Heihachirō, who won a decisive victory in the Russo-Japanese War, as Heihachirō created a stamp commemorating Yangming shortly after the war. There is also a mountain in Japan named after him, called Yangmingshan.

He thought that Knowledge is action, action is knowledge(知行合一).His main idea is the extension of innate knowledge(致良知). He taught the view that "Wisdom is knowledge applied." This viewpoint helped cement his victories and improve his legacy. He also taught that true knowledge is action-based, not word-based. Today we call "true knowledge" wisdom.


Durrenentzen

Durrenentzen is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in the eastern France.

Eglingen

Eglingen is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in the eastern France.

Eguisheim

Eguisheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in the eastern France.

Elbach

Elbach is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department in the eastern France.

Constantine, Switzerland

Constantine was a municipality in Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

On 1 July 2011 the former municipalities of Bellerive, Chabrey, Constantine, Montmagny, Mur, Vallamand and Villars-le-Grand merged into the new municipality of Vully-les-Lacs.

Vallamand

Vallamand is a former municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland.

On 1 July 2011 the former municipalities of Bellerive, Chabrey, Constantine, Montmagny, Mur, Vallamand and Villars-le-Grand merged into the new municipality of Vully-les-Lacs.

Chabrey

Chabrey is a former municipality of the district of Broye-Vully in the Vaud canton in Switzerland.

On 1 July 2011 the former municipalities of Bellerive, Chabrey, Constantine, Montmagny, Mur, Vallamand and Villars-le-Grand merged into the new municipality of Vully-les-Lacs.

Montmagny, Switzerland

Montmagny was a municipality in Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011 the former municipalities of Bellerive, Chabrey, Constantine, Montmagny, Mur, Vallamand and Villars-le-Grand joined together to become the new municipality of Vully-les-Lacs.

Leirpollen (concentration camp)

Leirpollen was a concentration camp in Norway - in municipality Sør-Varanger in Finnmark, during World War Two. Norway was occupied by Germany's military during Adolf Hitler's rule of Germany.

The camp was called an extermination camp (or death camp) for Russian [and other Soviet soldiers who were] prisoners, in a 1998 report by Norway's government.

The camp had 150 prisoners, and [at least] it had Soviet prisoners. Also suspected members of the Persfjord groups partisans on the Varanger Peninsula, were held in the camp. In 1943, 11 prisoners were killed, by being hit with one [or more] clubs.

The prisoners were moved (out of the prison camp) in February 1944, to another prison camp - Storskog - closer to the border between Soviet and Norway;

Macedonia, Ohio

Macedonia is a city in Ohio, United States.

Palézieux

Palézieux () is a village and former municipality of the district Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. Since 2012 it forms part of the municipality of Oron.

Palézieux was first mentioned in 1134 as "de Palaisol".

Under the rule of Savoy, the family "de Palézieux" - mentioned in texts from 1154 - had their castle near the village, of which remains can be seen today (mainly a wall). The castle controlled a bridge on the River Broye, which was a source of profit through the various tolls and taxes.

The bridge over the Broye was washed away in 1700, following a flood. It was rebuilt in 1750, following several petitions. Modernized, it is still in place.

The creation of the separate settlement at Palézieux-Gare came about with the commissioning of the railway line between Lausanne and Bern in 1862, which was built away from the original village (which became known as Palézieux-Village). In 1876 the line from Payerne was added, which runs adjacent to Palézieux-Village, and in 1903 the metre gauge line leading to the Gruyère was constructed, with its terminus at Palézieux-Gare.



Canal Fulton, Ohio

Canal Fulton is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Jackson, Ohio

Jackson is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is the county seat of Jackson County.

Jackson County, Ohio

Jackson County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 32,653 people lived there. The county seat is Jackson.

Medina County, Ohio

Medina County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 182,470 people lived there. The county seat is Medina.

Buchheim

Buchheim is a municipality in the district of Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Acetylcholine

Acetylcholine is a chemical in human nerves that carries information from the sense of touch, sense of smell, etc. This chemical is produced inside the brain in the pituitary gland.

Plug-organization

A plug-organization is a social organization. More than 100 plug-organizations are in Bavaria.

The members always have to carry a plug. Whenever one members sees another member, they check that the other member has a plug. If the other member does not have a plug, they have to give some money to the plug-organization. The plug-organization uses this money to purchase beer for the next meeting.

High-speed rail in Thailand

In October 2010, the Thai parliament decided to continue planning for a high speed rail (HSR) network. Five different lines - which would touch Bangkok - were to be planned. The lines would be able to handle speeds of 250 km/h.

As of 2019, construction in Nakhon Ratchasima Province of [a] high-speed rail, had become around 3.5 kilometers of high-speed rail. In January 2021, a government spokesperson said that construction had started on a second high-speed railway: "the high-speed railway linking three airports" [from Bangkok to Rayong (province)].

List of bus stations in Wales

This is a list of bus stations in Wales:



Bus station

A bus station is a structure where buses stop to pick up and drop off passengers. A bus station is larger than a bus stop, which is usually a place on the roadside where buses stop. Some bus stations are terminal stations, which means that station is the end of the route. Other stations are called transfer stations, which is a station where the routes continue.

Bus stations can be outside, or inside, above or below ground. Some are under shopping centres.

Some bus stations have seats, toilets, travel centres and electronic passenger information systems (which show what time the buses are coming).


Hessenstein Castle

Hessenstein Castle (German: "Burg Hessenstein") is a castle in Hesse, Germany.

The castle lies on a hill in the neighbourhood of Vöhl.

It dates from the 14th century.


Bus stop

A bus stop is a designated place where buses stop for passengers to get on and off the bus. Bus stops at busy locations may have shelters, seating, and possibly electronic passenger information systems; less busy stops may use a simple pole to mark the location.


Langres

Langres is a commune of France and a subprefecture of the Haute-Marne department in northeastern France, in the Grand Est region.

The city of Langres is on the southen part of the Haute-Marne department in northeast France; the city is on a that is to the north of the "Plateau de Langres".

It has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Langres to other cities are:

The "commune" of Langres is surrounded by the "communes" Balesmes-sur-Marne, Champigny-lès-Langres, Chatenay-Mâcheron, Humes-Jorquenay, Peigney, Perrancey-les-Vieux-Moulins, Saint-Ciergues, Saint-Vallier-sur-Marne and Saints-Geosmes.

The Marne river flows through the "commune" of Langres.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Langres is a "Marine West Coast Climate" and of the subtype "Cfb".

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Langres is . The month with the most precipitation on average is December with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is August with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Langres is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The inhabitants of Langres are known, in French, as "Langonais" (women: "Langonaises") or "Langrois" (women: "Langroises").

The city of Langres has a population, in 2014, of 7,850 and its population density is of inhabitants/km.

Evolution of the population in Langres

Langres is a subprefecture of the Haute-Marne department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Langres and the administrative centre () of the canton Langres formed by 18 "communes" (including Langres), with 12,160 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Le Grand Langres" ().

Langres is twinned with:



Français fondamental

Français fondamental (French for "fundamental French") is a simplified version of the French language with a goal to teach French to foreigners. Surveys conducted in the 1950s and 1960s show that a small number of words in standard French are used the same way in every situation. So, français fondamental uses fewer grammatical rules than standard French.

Even though the idea was given up in the 1970s, Radio France internationale broadcasts the daily news in "français facile" (French for "easy French"). This is a similar idea to français fondamental. This news bulletin uses a vocabulary of about 300 words, and is broadcast every day at 20:00 Universal Time. 



Beavercreek, Ohio

Beavercreek is the largest city in Greene County, Ohio, United States.

New Philadelphia, Ohio

New Philadelphia is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is the county seat of Tuscarawas County.

Wyoming, Ohio

Wyoming, Ohio is a city in Ohio, United States.

Shopkins

Shopkins are tiny toys that you can collect. You can put them on pencils. You can play when them and make things out of them like earrings, keychains etc.

Augustin Buzura

Augustin Buzura (; September 22, 1937 – July 10, 2017) was a Romanian novelist and short story writer. He was also known as a journalist, essayist and literary critic. He was a member of the Romanian Academy, he has been the president of the Romanian Cultural Foundation since 1990 and president of the Romanian Cultural Institute between 2003 and 2004.

Buzura died on July 10, 2017 in Bucharest, Romania of a heart attack at the age of 79.

Mangesh Tendulkar

Mangesh Tendulkar (1934 – 10 July 2017) was an Indian artist as cartoonist and humourist. He has also written in many magazines on cartoons. He was born in Kolhapur, Maharashtra. In a series of 100 cartoons, he set forth his concerns about the cities Maharashtra and the preservation of Pune’s once-leafy environs with his trademark good-humoured, gentle skepticism.

Tendulkar died on 10 July 2017 at a hospital in Pune, Maharashtra of pulmonary embolism caused by bladder cancer at the age of 82.

Luigi Ferdinando Tagliavini

Luigi Ferdinando Tagliavini (7 October 1929 – 11 July 2017), was an Italian organist, harpsichordist, musicologist and composer. He was born in Bologna. He has conducted studies in music classes organ, piano and composition with Riccardo Nielsen to Conservatory of Bologna and Paris Conservatory (in the class of Marcel Dupré).

Tagliavini made numerous recordings received several awards including the "Prize of the Italian discography", the "Schallplattenpreis Phono-Akademie der Deutschen," the distinction "Choc de la musique" for the CD made with Liuwe Tamminga organs of San Petronio and dedicated to Andrea Gabrieli and Giovanni Gabrieli, the "Premio Antonio Vivaldi" and the "Premio Massimo Mila".

Tagliavini died on 11 July 2017 in Bologna of respiratory arrest at the age of 87.




Gerrit Braks

Gerardus Johannes Maria "Gerrit" Braks (23 May 1933 – 12 July 2017) was a Dutch politician of the Christian Democratic Appeal (CDA). He was born in Uden, North Brabant.

He was a member of the Catholic People's Party from 1975 until 1980 when this party became part of the Christian Democratic Appeal. He was a member of the House of Representatives of the Netherlands in 1977–1980, 1981–1982, 1986 and 1989. He was minister of farming and fishery in 1980–1981, and 1982–1989, and was in this function during the Chernobyl disaster.

In 1989 he was minister of education and sciences and he was minister of farming, nature management and fishery in 1989–1990. He was a member of the Senate of the Netherlands from 11 June 1991 until 10 June 2003. And as such he was parliamentary group leader in the senate from 18 June 1999 until 2 October 2001 when he became president of the Senate until 2003.

Braks died on 12 July 2017 in Sint-Michielsgestel, North Brabant, of a cerebral hemorrhage at the age of 84.


Division of Korea

The division of Korea between North and South Korea happened because of the Allied victory in World War II in 1945. After Japan surrendered, the Allies made Japan give up all the colonies they took through military force, even those before WWII started. Even though Korea was a colony of Japan before WWII, Japan still had to give it up because it used military force to take it over. So after 35 years, Korea no longer became a colony of the Empire of Japan. However, on the same day Japan surrendered, the Soviet Union invaded Korea, after having occupied Northeast China.

The United States and the Soviet Union occupied the country, meaning they had their military there, with the border between their zones of control along the 38th parallel, or the land on the Korean Peninsula from east to west 38 degrees North.

With the rise of the Cold War, negotiations between the United States and the Soviet Union failed to create an independent, unified Korea. In 1948, the elections led by the UN were held only in the southern part of Korea, which was occupied by the United States. This led to the creation of the Republic of Korea in South Korea, which was afterwards followed by the creation of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea in North Korea. The United States supported the South, and the Soviet Union supported the North, and each government claimed sovereignty, or the right to rule itself, over the whole Korean Peninsula.

In 1950, North Korea invaded South Korea in order to take over all of Korea, which began the Korean War. Just before North Korea took over all of Korea, the United States sent its military to take back South Korea. After it took back South Korea, the United States tried to take over North Korea until China, North Korea's communist ally, pushed back the United States. This led to a tug-of-war that lasted throughout the war. In 1953, the fighting ended in stalemate, meaning neither side won the war, and the border was once again put on the 38th parallel, but this time it became the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ).

The Korean War (1950–1953) left the two Koreas separated by the Korean Demilitarized Zone (DMZ) in the later part of the Cold War and even to this day.

Due to this division, North and South Korea have become two extremely different countries. Now it has major differences between cultures, economies, health, politics, and even languages.

Chuck Blazer

Charles Gordon "Chuck" Blazer (April 26, 1945 – July 12, 2017) was an American former soccer administrator. He held a number of high level positions before becoming a government informant on widespread corruption within organized soccer.

In 2013, Blazer admitted to conspiring with other FIFA Executive Committee members to accept bribes with the failed bid of Morocco and the successful bid of South Africa to become World Cup hosts in 1998 and 2010 respectively. Blazer's admissions came during testimony given at a sealed sentencing proceeding in a New York federal court. He was a FIFA Executive Committee member from 1996 to 2013, the CONCACAF General Secretary from 1990 until 2011, and Executive Vice President of the U.S. Soccer Federation.

Blazer died of colorectal cancer on July 12, 2017 in a hospital in New Jersey at the age of 72. At the time of his death, Blazer suffered from coronary artery disease and diabetes.

Sam Glanzman

Samuel Joseph "Sam" Glanzman (December 5, 1924 – July 12, 2017) was an American comics artist.

Glanzman was best known for his Charlton Comics series "Hercules", about the mythological Greek demigod; his biographical war stories about his service aboard the U.S.S. "Stevens" for DC Comics and Marvel Comics; and the Charlton Comics "Fightin' Army" feature "The Lonely War of Willy Schultz", a Vietnam War-era serial about a German-American U.S. Army captain during World War II.

Glanzman died at the age of 92 on July 12, 2017 under hospice care in Brooklyn, New York after falling and undergoing surgery.


Ray Phiri

Raymond Chikapa Enock Phiri (23 March 1947 – 12 July 2017) was a South African jazz guitarist, singer, fusion and mbaqanga musician. He was born in Mpumalanga to Malawian immigrant worker and South African guitarist nicknamed "Just Now" Phiri. 

Phiri became founding member of the Cannibals in the 1970s. When the Cannibals disbanded Ray founded Stimela, with whom he conceived gold and platinum-selling albums like "Fire, Passion and Ecstasy" (1991), "Look, Listen and Decide" (1992) as well as the controversial "People Don't Talk So Let's Talk".

Phiri died at the age of 70 on 12 July 2017 at a Nelspruit hospital from lung cancer.


Tod Sloan

Aloysius Martin "Tod" Sloan (November 30, 1927 – July 12, 2017) was a Canadian professional ice hockey player. Sloan played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the Toronto Maple Leafs and Chicago Black Hawks. 

Sloan was a member of three Stanley Cup championship teams: 1949 and 1951 in Toronto, and 1961 in Chicago. Sloan also played for the Pittsburgh Hornets and Cleveland Barons of the American Hockey League in the earlier stages of his career. 

Sloan died on July 12, 2017 in Sutton, Ontario from complications of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 89.

Marxheim

Marxheim is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Robert Ruttmann.

Ephedra

Ephedra is a group of plants. It is the only one in its family, Ephedraceae. "Ephedra" species are found naturally in many places, like southwestern North America, southern Europe, northern Africa, southwest and central Asia, northern China and western South America.

"Ephedra" species often grow in the temperate zone. They often grow on shores or sandy places where they get a lot of sunlight. In English, they are often called joint-pine, jointfir, Mormon-tea. In Chinese, it is called "mahuang" ().

Some species, like "Ephedra sinica", are used in medicine.

Taichung’s 7th Redevelopment Zone

Taichung’s 7th Redevelopment Zone（）（7th Redevelopment Zone）located in Xitun District and Nantun District, this area have many apartment, department store and office.

New London, Wisconsin

New London is a city in Wisconsin, United States. There were 7,295 people living there according to 2010 census.


Coates, Cambridgeshire

Coates is a village in Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom.

Cazis

Cazis () is a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Portein, Präz, Sarn and Tartar merged into the municipality of Cazis.
Luvreu, Ratitsch, Realta, Schauenberg, Siedlung, Summaprada, Portein, Präz, Sarn, Tartar and Valeina.


Conneaut, Ohio

Conneaut is a city in Ashtabula County, Ohio, United States. It is along Lake Erie at the mouth of Conneaut Creek. 12,318 lived there at the 2020 Census.

Derrinturn

Derrinturn () is a village in County Kildare, Ireland. It is about from Dublin.

Emlingen

Emlingen is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Cortland, Ohio

Cortland is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Manuela Schwesig

Manuela Schwesig (born May 23, 1974 in Frankfurt an der Oder) is a German politician of the SPD. She is the current Minister-President of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania.

From 2008 to 2013 she was minister of health and social affairs in Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania. 

From 2013 to 2017 she was federal minister of family affairs, senior citizens, women and youth in the Third Merkel Cabinet, succeeded by fellow party member Katarina Barley.

Since July 4, 2017 she has been Minister-President of Mecklenburg-Western Pomerania, succeeding fellow party member Erwin Sellering.

Scheswig converted to Christianity in 2010, when she was baptized into the Evangelical Church in Germany.


Ekamai bus terminal

The Ekamai bus terminal (sometimes transcribed as Ekkamai-) is a bus terminal (or bus station) on Sukhumwit Road in Bangkok.

The station is in Khlong Toei District (of Bangkok).

In July 2017, a decision had been made to move the terminal, according to media; where the terminal will be moved to, media has not reported (as of July 2017).


Nordland

Nordland is a county in Norway.

It has borders with county Finnmark, county Nord-Trøndelag, and Sweden.

The North Atlantic Ocean touches the county's coast.

Deilingen

Deilingen is a municipality of the district Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Villadossola

Villadossola (Piedmontese: "Vila d'Òssola") is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont.

Villadossola borders the following municipalities: Beura-Cardezza, Domodossola, Montescheno, Pallanzeno, Seppiana.


Lemi

Lemi is a municipality in south Finland. There were 3,070 people living there on 31 March 2016. It is next to the municipalities of Luumäki, Savitaipale and Taipalsaari.


Malitbog, Southern Leyte

Malitbog is a municipality in the province of Southern Leyte, Philippines.

Olshany

Olshany (, ) is a town in Republic of Belarus. It is in Stolin Raion, Brest Voblast. Its documental records began in 1392.


Canet d'Adri

Canet d'Adri is a municipality in the province of Girona and autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

New London, Minnesota

New London is a city in Minnesota in the United States.

Ensisheim

Ensisheim is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

English alphabet

The modern English alphabet is a Latin alphabet of 26 letters (each having an uppercase and a lowercase form) – exactly the same letters that are found in the ISO basic Latin alphabet:

The exact shape of printed letters changes depending on the typeface (and font). The shape of handwritten letters can be very different from the standard printed form (and between individuals), especially when written in cursive style. See the individual letter articles for information about letter shapes and origins (follow the links on any of the uppercase letters above).

Written English uses 18 digraphs (strings of two letters to represent just one sound), such as "ch, sh, th, ph, wh," etc., but they are not considered separate letters of the alphabet. Some traditions also call two ligatures, "æ" and "œ", and the ampersand (&) part of the alphabet.

The English language was first written in Anglo-Saxon futhorc runes, used since the 5th century. This alphabet was brought to what is now England, along with Old English itself, the earliest form of the language, by Anglo-Saxon settlers. Very few examples of this form of written Old English have survived, with most of these being short writings or pieces.

The Latin script, introduced by Christian missionaries, began to replace the Anglo-Saxon futhorc from about the 7th century, although the two continued to be used alongside each other for some time. Futhorc influenced the new Latin-based English alphabet by giving it letters "thorn" (Þ þ) and "wynn" (Ƿ ƿ). The letter "eth" (Ð ð) was later devised as a rewriting of the letter "dee" (D d), and finally "yogh" ( ) was created by Norman scribes from the insular "g" in Old English and Irish, and used alongside their Carolingian "g".

The a-e ligature "ash" (Æ æ) was adopted as a letter in its own right, named after a futhorc rune "æsc". In very early Old English the o-e ligature "ethel" (Œ œ) also appeared as its own letter, likewise named after a rune, "œðel". Also, the v-v or u-u ligature "double-u" (W w) was in use.

In the year 1011, a monk named Byrhtferð recorded the traditional order of the Old English alphabet. He listed the 24 letters of the Latin alphabet first (including ampersand), then 5 additional English letters, starting with the Tironian note "ond" (⁊), an insular symbol for "and":

In the alphabet of Modern English, thorn (þ), eth (ð), wynn (ƿ), yogh (), ash (æ), and ethel (œ) do not exist. Latin borrowings reintroduced homographs of ash and ethel into Middle English and Early Modern English, though they are not thought to be the same letters but rather ligatures, and in any case are somewhat old-fashioned. Thorn and eth were both replaced by "th", though thorn continued in existence for some time, its lowercase form becoming more and more difficult to tell  from the minuscule y in most handwriting. "Y" for "th" can still be seen in pseudo-archaisms (modern writings spelled to look like older words or phrases), such as "Ye Olde Booke Shoppe". The letters þ and ð are still used in present-day Icelandic while ð is still used in present-day Faroese. Wynn disappeared from English around the 14th century when it was supplanted by "uu", which ultimately developed into the modern "w". Yogh disappeared around the 15th century and was typically replaced by "gh".

In the 16th century, the letters "u and j" were being written as letters distinct from "v" and "i "respectively. Before thatthe former two letters were just different forms of the latter two letters. w also became its own letter, rather than being thought of as 2 different letters. With these changes, the English alphabet now has 26 letters:

A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 

The alternate lowercase form long s (ſ) lasted into early modern English, and was used in non-final position up to the early 19th century.

Different alphabets have been proposed for written English –mostly extending or replacing the basic English alphabet –such as the Deseret alphabet, the Shavian alphabet, Gregg shorthand, etc.

Diacritic marks (extra marks to help non-native speakers with pronunciation) mainly appear in loanwords such as "naïve" and "façade". As such words become a normal part of English vocabulary, there is a tendency to remove the diacritics, as has happened with old borrowings such as "hôtel", from French. Informal English writing tends to get rid of diacritics because of their absence from the keyboard, while professional copywriters and typesetters tend to include them, such as Microsoft Word. Words that are still thought to be foreign tend to keep them; for example, the only spelling of "soupçon" found in English dictionaries (the OED and others) uses the diacritic. Diacritics are also more likely to be kept where there would otherwise be confusion with another word (for example, "résumé" (or "resumé") rather than "resume"), and, rarely, even added (as in "maté", from Spanish "yerba mate", but following the pattern of "café", from French).

Sometimes, especially in older writing, diacritics are used to show the syllables of a word: "cursed" (verb) is pronounced with one syllable, while "cursèd" (adjective) is pronounced with two. "È" is used widely in poetry, e.g. in Shakespeare's sonnets. J.R.R. Tolkien uses "ë", as in "O wingëd crown". Similarly, while in "chicken coop" the letters "-oo-" represent a single vowel sound (a digraph), in outdated spellings such as "zoölogist" and "coöperation", they represent two. This use of the diaeresis is rarely seen, but is still used in the 2000s in some publications, such as "MIT Technology Review" and "The New Yorker".

An acute, grave, or diaeresis may also be placed over an "e" at the end of a word to indicate that it is not silent, as in "saké". In general, these markings are often not used even when they could ease some level of confusion.

The & has sometimes appeared at the end of the English alphabet, like in Byrhtferð's list of letters in 1011. Historically, the figure is a ligature for the letters "Et". In English and many other languages it is used to represent the word "and" and occasionally the Latin word "et", as in the abbreviation "&c" (et cetera).

The apostrophe, while not considered part of the English alphabet, is used to contract, or shorten, English phrases. A few pairs of words, such as "its" (belonging to "it") and "it's" ("it is" or "it has"), "were" (plural of "was") and "we're" (we are), and "shed" (to get rid of) and "she'd" ("she would" or "she had") are distinguished in writing only by having or not having an apostrophe. The apostrophe also distinguishes the possessive endings "-'s" and "-s'" from the common plural ending "-s", a practice that began in the 18th century; before, all three endings were written "-s", which could lead to confusion (as in, "the Apostles words").

The names of the letters are rarely spelled out, except when used in compound words (for example "tee-shirt, deejay, emcee, okay, aitchless," etc.), derived forms (for example "exed out, effing, to eff and blind", etc.), and in the names of objects named after letters (for example "em (space)" in printing and "wye (junction)" in railroading). The forms listed below are from the Oxford English Dictionary. Vowels stand for themselves, and consonants usually have the form "consonant + ee" or "e + consonant" (e.g. "bee" and "ef"). The exceptions are the letters "aitch, jay, kay, cue, ar, ess" (but "es-" in compounds ), "wye", and "zed". Plurals of consonants end in "-s" ("bees, efs, ems") or, in the cases of "aitch, ess", and "ex", in "-es" ("aitches, esses, exes"). Plurals of vowels end in "-es" ("aes, ees, ies, oes, ues"); these are rare. Of course, all letters may stand for themselves, generally in capitalized form ("okay" or "OK", "emcee" or "MC"), and plurals may be based on these ("aes" or "As", "cees" or "Cs", etc.")"

Some groups of letters, such as "pee" and "bee", or "em" and "en", are easily confused in speech, especially when heard over the telephone or a radio communications link. Spelling alphabets such as the ICAO spelling alphabet, used by aircraft pilots, police and others, are made to get rid of this confusion by giving each letter a name that sounds quite different from any other.

The names of the letters are for the most part direct descendants of the Latin (and Etruscan) names through French.

The regular phonological developments (in rough chronological order) are:
The novel forms are "aitch", a regular development of Medieval Latin "acca"; "jay", a new letter presumably vocalized like neighboring "kay" to avoid confusion with established "gee" (the other name, "jy", was taken from French); "vee", a new letter named by analogy with the majority; "double-u", a new letter, self-explanatory (the name of Latin V was "ū"); "wye", of obscure origin but with an antecedent in Old French "wi"; "zee", an American leveling of "zed" by analogy with the majority; and "izzard", from the Romance phrase "i zed" or "i zeto" "and Z" said when reciting the alphabet.

The letters A, E, I, O, and U are considered vowel letters, since (except when silent) they represent vowels; the remaining letters are considered consonant letters, since when not silent they generally represent consonants. However, Y commonly represents vowels as well as a consonant (e.g., "myth"), as very rarely does W (e.g., "cwm"). Conversely, U and I sometimes represent a consonant (e.g., "quiz" and "onion" respectively).

W and Y are sometimes called semivowels by linguists.

The letter most commonly used in English is E. The least used letter is Z.

The table below shows how often each letter is used in written English, although the frequencies change somewhat according to the type of text.

Bus lane

A bus lane or bus-only lane is a lane limited to buses, and are used to speed up public transport that otherwise would be held up by traffic congestion.

Some bus lanes can be used by Taxis, Motorcyclists and Cyclists at any time and some bus lanes can only be used before and after a certain time.


ISO basic Latin alphabet

The ISO basic Latin alphabet is a version of the Latin alphabet and is made of two sets of 26 letters, the same as the English alphabet, codified in many different national and international standards and used widely in international communication.

The two sets contain the following 26 letters each:

Little Canada, Minnesota

Little Canada is a city in Minnesota, United States. It has a population of 10,819 residents as of 2020.

New London, Missouri

New London is a city in Missouri in the United States.

Canadian, Texas

Canadian is a city in Texas, United States.

Tamara Miansarova

Tamara Grigoryevna Miansarova (née Remnyova, ; 5 March 1931 – 12 July 2017) was a Soviet and Russian lyric soprano.pop singer and professor of Russian Academy of Theatre Arts, She best known for her hit "May There Always Be Sunshine". She was born Kirovohrad, Soviet Union.

Miansarova died in Moscow of a pulmonary embolism on 12 July 2017 at the age of 86.

Américo Amorim

Américo Ferreira Amorim (21 July 1934 – 13 July 2017) was a Portuguese heir and businessman. He was ranked by "Forbes" as the 385th richest person in the world in January 2015. His wealth was at $4.8 billion (July 2017) He was known for having a 50% interest in Corticeira Amorim. He was born in Mozelos, Santa Maria da Feira, Portugal.

Amorim died on 13 July 2017 at his home in Grijo, Portugal after a short-illness, aged 82.

Vince Farrar

Vincent "Vince" Farrar (birth registered January→March 1947 – 13 July 2017) was an English professional rugby league footballer. He was born in Pontefract, England. He played in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s, and coached in the 1980s.

Farrar played at representative level for Great Britain, England, and Yorkshire, and at club level for Featherstone Rovers (Captain) (Heritage № 451), Cronulla-Sutherland Sharks, Hull F.C., and Sheffield Eagles during the era of contested scrums, was captain of Hull during the 1978–79 season, and 1979–80 season, and coaching at club level for Featherstone Rovers.

Farrar died on 13 July 2017 of oropharyngeal cancer in Sheffield, South Yorkshire at the age of 70.

Joaquim Molins i Amat

Joaquim Molins i Amat (9 February 1945 – 13 July 2017) was a Spanish politician. He was born in Barcelona. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies (1979–1986 and again from 1993–2000) and Parliament of Catalonia (1988–1993).

Molins died in Barcelona on 13 July 2017 of pancreatic cancer at the age of 72.


Khas people

Khas people () are people of Indo-Iranian ethno-linguistic group. They are indigenous native speakers of Nepali language ("Khas Kura"; translit.Khas speech) which is an Indo-Iranian language. Khas people have been referred as "Parbatiya" and "Pahari" or "Gorkhali". Khas are most dominant faction in Nepal. They are around 31% of Nepal but nearly two thirds of government officials. The word “Khas” is little used in modern times. Khas peoples call themselves by their group names such as Bahun, Kshetri, Sanyasi/Sannesi, Kami, Damai, etc.

Khas people have been described as of Indo-Iraian genes thus unrelated to darker Indic people of India. . Khas people consists of Bahun (Khas Brahmin), Chhetri & Thakuri (Khas Kshatriyas), Sanyasi, Kami, Damai, Gandharbha/Gaine, Badi and Sarki people. Many historians referred dominant Thakuri and Chhetri as Khas Rajputs.

Khas people continue Hindu religion with some ancestral deity called Masto gods.
Acharya, Adhikari, Arya, Aryal, Bam, Badola, Saun (Saud or Samant), Bagadwal, Baral, Basnet/Basnyat, Barmola, Bhandari, Bhattarai, Bista/Bisht, Bhatta, Bhetwal, Budhathoki, Chand, Chauhan, Chaulagain, Chhetri, Dahal, Dabral, Devkota, Dhakal, Dimri, Dhungel, Dobhal/Doval, Dobriyal, Dulal, Gautam, Gusain, Ghimire, Joshi, Kalauni, Karki, Kattel, Katuwal, Kandari, Kukreti, Khand, Khadka, Khanal, Khatri/K.C., Koirala, Kunwar , Lamsal, Lohani, Oli, Mainali, Negi, Nautiyal, Nouni, Pathak, Panta, Pandey, Hamal, Malla, Mamgain Poudel/Paudyal/Poudar(hill), Pokharel, Rana, Raut, Ranabhat, Rawat, Rautela, Raturi, Rijal, Regmi, Rimal, Sitoula, Sapkota, Shah, Sen, Shahi, Silwal, Semwal, Sharma, Singh, Thakur/Thakuri, Thapa, Thapliyal, Upreti, Upadhyay, Wagle, Wasti, Air, Aidi, Kandwal, khadayat, kathayat, pela, bhat, ter, bohra, pali, budal, chaisir, danga, rawal, pujara, mahat, mahra etc.

Puri, Saraswati, Bharati: Bhaveswa
Tirtha, Ashram: Adhigata
Ban, Aranya: Kashyap
Giri, Parvat, Sagar :Bhrigu

Badi, Bishwakarma/B.K., Damai, Dholi, Gandharbha, Kami, Nagarchi, Pariyar, Ranapaheli, Sarki, Sundas, etc.


Megesheim

Megesheim is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Karl Kolb.

Chitral

Chitral (, ) is the capital city of the Chitral District in Pakistan. It is on the western bank of the Chitral River. It has a population of 20,000.

Chitral is place of great language diversity. The official language are Chitrali and Panjabi, though Khowar is the most spoken language. Most languages in Chitral are either Dardic languages, Iranic languages, or Nuristani languages. Around 24 languages are spoken in Chitral including Central Asian Arabic, Balti, Burushaski, Dameli, Domaaki, Dari Farsi, Dangariwar, Gawar-Bati, Kalasha-mun, Kalkoti, Kamviri, Kohistani, Khowar, Kyrgyz, Madaklashti, Munji, Palula, Shekhani, Shina, Torwali, Turkmen, Ushoji, Uzbek, Waigali, Wakhi, and Yidgha.

Norwegian linguist Georg Morgenstierne wrote that Chitral is the area of the greatest linguistic diversity in the world.


Mertingen

Mertingen is a municipality in the district of Donau-Ries in Bavaria in Germany. The mayor is currently Albert Lohner. The Roman Via Claudia Augusta was built nearby.

Thapa

Thapa (; IAST:Thāpā) is a family name or surname used by the Gorkhali community of India and Nepal belonging to both Magar caste within Khas people of Indo-Aryan group and Magar caste of Indo-Aryan group.

Thapa was a title given to warriors in the ancient Khas Kingdom.Both Magar Thapa and Kshetri Thapa has done remarkably significant for Nepal.In present Nepal both Thapa Kshetri and Thapa Magar are doing great in Politics and enhancing National Pride.

Thapas has been involved in politics of Nepal for long time. Thapas were prominent military heads in various princely states in ancient Nepal. Thapas led military and civil administration in the unified Kingdom of Nepal after 1806 AD. Bhimsen Thapa of Thapa clan rose to prominence after the assassination of King Rana Bahadur Shah of Nepal by King's step-brother in 1805 AD. After the event, an investigation was run by Bharadars (Ministers) which caused massacre of 55 senior officers at Bhandarkhal garden by Thapa Kaji (ministers) group making them as most dominant faction in Nepalese politics.
.It would be true to say that History has been written by the Brahamin which underestimated and burried the history of all the other beautiful community of Nepal.
After Bhimsen rose to power, member of another Thapa family, Bada (senior) Kaji Amar Singh Thapa and his family were added to make Thapa Khalak dynasty stronger. Large number of Thapa leaders took part in Anglo-Nepalese War in 1814-16 AD. The immediate family of Bhimsen and Senior Kaji Amar Singh took over all the military commands in that war. Another unrelated warrior Bhakti Thapa also led the war at Deuthal aged 71 and died too. Thapas were out of power after the rise of Rana dynasty who were blood relatives of Thapas. Later Panchayat government of Nepal that began in 1961 AD saw large number of Thapas in the cabinet.

Khas Thapa or Chhetri/Kshatri Thapa are Khas people of Indo-Aryan group. They are categorized into Kshatriya in Hinduism. They follow Hinduism and are divided by Khas clans and Hindu Gotra system. The clan names of Khas Kshatri Thapas are: "Bagale Thapa", "Punwar Thapa", "Godar Thapa", "Lamichhane Thapa", "Suyal Thapa", "Kalikote Thapa", "Hrikshen Thapa", "Khulal Thapa", "Deoja Thapa", "Thakuryal Thapa", "Gamle Thapa", "Sonal Thapa", and many others.
Bagale Thapa is the most prominent clan within Khas Thapa. They fall under Atreya Gotra in Hinduism. 

Puwar Thapa is also a clan within Khas Thapa. They fall under Kapil Gotra in Hinduism.

Godar Thapa is a clan within Chhetri Thapa Kaji of Khas origin. They claim Kashyap Gotra in the Gotra system of Hinduism. They are also the variant of Shivbanshi Godara clan from India.

Magar Thapa or Thapa Magar are member of Magar caste which falls under Sino-Tibetan or Tibeto-Burman group. They speak Magar language and follow tradition of Magar caste. They can be found as core soldiers in Gurkha armies around the world.They also served as one of the six noble clans in the thargah of King prithvi Narayan Shah and were prominent nobles until the kot massacre.


Kshetri

Khas/Kshetri or Khas/Chhetri/Chetry () are Turanid Ab-Original Native From of people belonging to Indo-Aryan race in Khas group, a Altaic ethno-linguistic group (see Altaic languages). Generally, the Parvate/Pahari (hilly) Kshatriyas are called as Kshetris or Khas Kshetris. Kshetris served as rulers, administrators, governors and warriors as per their Occupational caste. They were able to dominate most of the Nepalese history through monopolizing government and military upto 1951 AD. After democracy in Nepal, Kshetris were still visible in the government especially dominating Panchayati government and still monopolizing military.

According to 1854 "Muluki Ain" (Legal Code) of Nepal, Kshetris belong to "sacred thread bearers" (Yagyopavit) and "twice born" (Dvija) Hindus.

Chhetri is Nepalese local colloquial term for Kshatriya. Kshetri () is considered a derivative form of the Sanskrit word Kshatriya. Hill-Kshetri, Kshetri, Chhetri, Khas Rajput ,Pahadi Chhetri and Khas Kshetri are all used to denote this caste.

They are descended from old warriors of Khas Kingdom. Chhetri dominated the military forces of Shah dynasty of Nepal. The 6 main Chhetri families at Royal court of Nepal formed group called Kaji Khalak (Aristocrats). They are; Basnyat, Pande, Karki, Thapa,Khadka,Kunwar and Bista. Basnyat, Pande and Thapas were most powerful Chhetri groups led by Shivaram Singh Basnyat, Kalu Pande and Birbhadra Thapa at the Unification of Nepal. The Kunwars were led by Ramkrishna Kunwar and Bista/Bisht were led by Gajabal Bista and Atibal Bista. Sometimes, Bhandari Kshetri family of Jaswanta Bhandari was also considered as Kaji Khalak family of the Royal court of Nepal.
In the court struggle for power, Pande Khalaks and Thapa Khalaks were fierce opponents. They often opposed each other. Pandes were supported by Basnyats due to blood relations. Thapas were supported by Kunwars due to blood relations. In the end, Kunwars betrayed Thapa groups by murdering the Thapa leader Mathabar Singh Thapa. That caused Kunwars to rise to power and all Kshetris were thrown of power. The Kunwar high rank officers escalated quickly between 1841 AD to 1854 AD. Kunwars claimed royalty and changed their surname to "Rana" (meaning: King) from "Kunwar" (meaning: Prince). In 1951AD, democracy was established and Kshetri rule were stopped.
According to 2011 Nepal census, Kshetri stands as the most populous group in Nepal with 16.6% of Nepal's population (or 43,98,053 peoples).
Kshetris are the second largest Hindu group with Hindu population of 43,65,113 (99.3% of Kshetris) as per the 2011 Nepal census. Kshetris are largest group in 20 districts in Nepal. Kathmandu consists largest Kshetri population.

Kshetris has second highest civil service representation with 19.59% of Nepal's bureaucracy after Bahuns while having 16% of Nepal's total population. The civil service representation to population ratio is 1.18 times for Kshetri. Kshetri dominate the military forces with nearly all high ranked officers belonging to either Kshetri or Thakuri caste. Nearly, only one Chief of Army Staff (Chhatraman Singh Gurung) belonged to Non-Chhetri/Thakuri caste. Thus, the highest military rank (Chief of Army Staff previously Commander-in-Chief) is completely monopolized by Chhetri caste.they also recruit in british army in large numbers, chhetri/thakuris dominant 40% of total nepal army strength , and they have reserved regiment the 9 gorkha rifles in indian army.

Kshetri are almost all Hindus as per 2011 Nepal census. Historically, they practiced Hindu polytheism and shamanism. They generally worship their clan deity (Kul Devta), friendly deity (Ishta Devta) and Khas Masto deities. Kshetri commonly have warrior like deities as Bhadrakali, Kalika Bhawani and different forms of Goddess Kali as female deity and Rudra, Veerbhadra (ferocious forms of Shiva) as male deity. Bhadrakali, a popular form of Goddess Kali, is the main deity of the Nepalese Army (previously Gorkhali Army) due to prevalence of Kshetri commanders. Worship to these deities were necessary before wars. There was a popular folk legend that the Chinese failed the strategic attacks on 1792 AD due to the effect of religious war cry of "Jai Bhawani". In the times of unification of Nepal, Kshetris were more rigid to worship of ferocious forms of Godess Kali and Lord Shiva. Amar Singh Thapa based on religious values developed Nishankalika flag after ceremoniously inviting Kalika Bhawani, ancestors, friendly deities and 49 Maruts to reside on the flag.

Many Kshetris triennially celebrate clanwise Masto deity worship called "Dewali Puja". Dewali Puja is common among Bahuns too. In the Dewali Puja, Kshetris of the same clan give male goat sacrifices at a particular place. It is a form of millennium old ancient worship continued till date. Kshetris celebrate many Hindu festivals like Dashain (Dussehra), Tihar (Deepawali), Maghe Sankranti, Janai Purnima, Holi, etc. Dashain and Tihar are primary festivals of Pahadi Hindu castes. Most Kshetri families give goat sacrifices on either Maha Ashtami day or Maha Nawami day of Dashain festival.
Rajputs and Thakuris are sometimes considered as subcaste of Kshetri while they have distinct cultural difference with mainstream Kshetris. Kshetri is an endogamous unit. They donot practice maternal cousin marriages as Thakuri caste which is the basis of cultural distinction. Kshetri has hundreds of clans. They are categorized by family deity and single gotra. They do not marry with the members of their whole maternal clan and members of their parents' maternal families as per popular quote

The maternal clan marriage prohibition also include non marriage prohibition with the Bahun counterpart of that clan. For example; Those having maternal clan as Khilchine Adhikari Chhetri cannot marry in the clan of Khilchine Adhikari Bahun as there is brotherhood between these clans. They never marry in their paternal clan and those having same gotra. "Jaari" marriage i.e. marrying others' wife, is not allowed. Also "Gandharva" and "Rakshas" marriages are not allowed.
Dieting rules for Kshetri were decided by Kshetri "Birandala" (brotherhood). Kshetri do not consume pork like Rajputs which is a basis of cultural difference. Kshetri are not allowed to eat beef, buffalo, pig, felines and all wild forms of them as per Hindu rituals for Kshatriya. Goats, sheep and all variations and forms of them, are fully allowed. Chicken, duck and goose are debatable and allowance is regionally dependent.
Historically, Kshetri has been part of the some of the powerful Pahari empires as Khas Empire and Gorkha Empire. Warriorhood, governance, administration, honesty and integrity has been linked to Kshetris. Kshetris are noted for resourcefulness and charity. Sanskrit verse from Geeta explains the basis of ethics Kshetris have derived from:

The above verse explains the duties, characters and behaviours of Kshatriya warrior. These were adapted by Kshetri community which includes exhibition of bravery and skill, prohibition of escaping any war, giving charity and Hindu governance.
Khatri, Adhikari, Arjel, Aidi, Ayer, Bagale, Bogati, Baruwal, Bohara, Balair, Bakheti, Batala, Balayer, Baniya,Dhital(Chhetri) G.C.(Gharti Chhetri), Basnyat/Basnet, Bham, Majhi, Mudula, Bhandari, Bista/Bisht, Budha, Budhathoki, Gaura bagale, Ghatala, Heita, Heta, Hetal, Chauhan, Thakulla, Thagunna, Chhetri, Dhami, D.C(Dangi Chhetri), Deoja, Kottari, Godar, Kalikote, Karki, Katuwal, Khatri, Khadga, Khadka, Kharka, Khati, Khati Khadka, Khadgaha, khaptari, Verma, Kadayat, Kathayat, Khadka, Khulal, Kshetri, Mahat, Mahatara, Mahara, Pande/Pandey, Punwar, Pwar, Kunwar, Rana, Mhyak Rana, Ranabhat, Rayamajhi, Raya, Rathore, Raut, Rawat, Rawal, Rayamajhi, Rokaya/Rokka/Rokaha, Pulami,Suyal, Swar, Sauka, Sijapati, Sinjapati, Sutar, Saod, Saud, Tandon, Thapa etc.

Bahun

Bahun (Khas Brahmin) () are group of people belonging to Brahmin caste in Khas group, an Indo-Aryan ethno-linguistic group. Generally, the Parvate/Pahari (hilly) Brahmins are called as Bahuns or Khas Bahuns. Bahuns mainly served as priests, teachers and astrologers as per their caste. Bahuns were able to hold government offices, administration and politics.

According to 1854 "Muluki Ain" (Legal Code) of Nepal, Bahuns belong to "sacred thread bearers" (Yagyopavit) and "twice born" (Dvija) Hindus.

Mishra,Poudar, Chaudhary, Jha, Thakur, Ray and Pathak

Acharya, Adhikari, Amgain/Apagain, Aryal/Arjyel, Awasthi, Banjara, Bajgain, Banjade, Banskota, Banstola, Baral, Bartaula, Bastakoti, Brahmin Bhandari(not to be mistaken from Chhetri Bhandari), Bhatta, Bhattarai, Bhurtel, Bhusal, Bist, Burlakoti, Chalise, Chataut, Chapagain, Chaugain, Chaulagain, Dangal, Dahal, Dawadi/Duwadi, Devkota, Dhakal, Dhital, Dhungana, Dhungel, Dixit, Dulal, Gaire, Gautam, Ghimire, Ghorasaini, Guragain, Gyawali, Humagain, Jamarkattel, Joshi, Kafle, Kalauni, Kattel, Khanal, Khaniya, Kharel/Kharal, Kuikel, Khatiwada, Koirala, Lamichhane, Lamsal, Lekhak, Lohani, Luintel, Mainali, Marasini, Mishra, Nepal, Neupane, Niroula, Ojha, Oli, Padhya, Pandey, Pandit, Paneru, Panta, Parajuli, Pathak, Phuyal, Pokharel/Pokhrel, Poudel/Paudyal/Poudar(hill), Prasain, Pudasaini, Pyakurel, Rijal, Rimal, Risal, Regmi, Rupakheti, Sanjel, Sangroula, Sapkota, Sedhain, Sharma, Shiwakoti, Sigdel, Sitoula, Silwal, Subedi, Thapaliya, Timsina/Timalsina/Timilsina, Tiwari, Tripathi, Trital, Upadhyaya, Upreti, Wagle, Wasti/Osti etc

Alexander ALX100

The Alexander ALX100 was a minibus body built by Alexander between 1997 and 1999, on the Mercedes-Benz O814D Vario and O810D van chassis, It was fitted with 25 to 31 seats.

The ALX100 was similar to the bus body Plaxton Beaver 2, which was also bodied on the Mercedes-Benz Vario.

New England, North Dakota

New England is a city in North Dakota, United States.

Clara Ponsatí i Obiols

Clara Ponsatí i Obiols (born in 1957 in Barcelona) is a Catalan economist. She was appointed Counsellor of Education of the Generalitat of Catalonia by President Carles Puigdemont the 14 July 2017.

Ponsatí was born in Barcelona in 1957. She was the daughter of Josep Maria Ponsatí i Capdevila and Montserrat Obiols i Germà. After studying in the Faculty of Economics of the UB. In 1988 she got the terminal degree from the Department of Economics, of the University of Minnesota, (Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA), where she remained several years as a teacher.

Of liberal trend, Ponsatí directed the Institute of Economic Analysis of the CSIC (Consejo Superior de Investigaciones Científicas) between 2006 and 2012, where she was a teacher as well. She has been a visiting teacher in the universities of Toronto, San Diego and Georgetown. The year 2013 the Spanish government exercised a veto against her, after she exposed her opinion about the independence of Catalonia in different mediae.

Alexander ALX200

The Alexander ALX200 was a single-decker bus body built by Alexander in 1996 to 2001. It was created for low-floor bus chassis produced from the late 1990s.

The body was primarily built on Dennis Dart SLF and Volvo B6LE chassis.

Arkansas City, Kansas

Arkansas City is a city in Kansas, United States.

Alexander ALX300

The Alexander ALX300 (later known as the TransBus ALX300 and the Alexander Dennis ALX300) was a single-decker bus body. It was built by Alexander and then Transbus International and then Alexander Dennis from 1997 to 2007 respectively. It was made for low-floor bus chassis produced from the late 1990s.

The body could be built on the MAN 18.220 chassis, MAN 18.240 chassis, DAF SB220 chassis or Volvo B10BLE chassis.

Courtship

A courtship is a time in the relationship of a couple. During a courtship, a couple gets to know one another. They later decide if they will get engaged, married or other such agreement. A courtship may be a private and informal matter between two people. On the other hand, it may be public. Or it could be a formal arrangement with the approval of a family.

There is a great difference between couples. The average extent of a courtship differs quite a bit across the world. Courtship may be entirely omitted, as in some cases of arranged marriage.

In the United Kingdom, there was a poll of over 3,000 engaged or married couples. The average time between first meeting and an accepted marriage proposal was two years and eleven months. The women felt ready to accept at an average of two years and seven months.

In the earlier 1800s, young adults were expected to court with the intention of finding a marriage partner, not social reasons. In the more traditional forms of Christianity, this concept of courtship has been kept.

In recent research, it has been found that marriage rates have dropped with people. There are not so many courted relationships in the society of today. This means that fewer people are getting married and practicing premarital sex. Many families are started with children, and "then" marriage. Traditions are referred to as a thing of the past. However, there are many people who still follow the old-fashioned courting route for their relationships.

Kyrgyz Premier League

The Kyrgyzstan League (Kyrgyz: Кыргызстан футбол чемпиондугу) is a football league which is top division in Kyrgyzstan. The league has games every year. The current champions are Alay from Osh. The team with the most titles is Dordoi Bishkek from Bishkek.

Since the country's independence, the champions have been:


Alexander ALX400

The Alexander ALX400 (later known as the TransBus ALX400 and the Alexander Dennis ALX400) is a 2-axle double-decker low-floor bus body. It was built from 1997 to 2006 by Alexander and then TransBus International and then Alexander Dennis respectively.

The body could be built on the Dennis Trident 2 chassis, Volvo B7TL chassis, or DAF DB250 chassis.


Alexander ALX500

The Alexander ALX500 (later known as the TransBus ALX500) is a 3-axle double-decker low-floor bus body. It was built by Alexander and then TransBus International from 1997 to 2002.

The body could be built on the Dennis Trident 3 chassis and Volvo Super Olympian chassis.

The body was mainly sold in Hong Kong but some have been imported to the United Kingdom.

Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg

The Martin Luther University of Halle-Wittenberg (German: "Martin-Luther-Universität Halle-Wittenberg", shortened "MLU") is a German public university in Halle and Wittenberg, in the state of Saxony-Anhalt.

It was established by a merger in 1817 and is named after Martin Luther.

President is Udo Sträter.

It had nearly 20,000 students in 2015.

Its focus is on all sorts of sciences.

Commugny

Commugny is a municipality of the district of Nyon in the Swiss canton of Vaud.


Celerina/Schlarigna

Celerina/Schlarigna (German/Italian "Celerina"; Romansh ) is a municipality in the district of Maloja in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Eschbach-au-Val

Eschbach-au-Val is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Atlanta, Kansas

Atlanta is a city in Kansas, United States.

Atlanta, Missouri

Atlanta is a city in Missouri, United States.

Chatham Main Line

The Chatham Main Line is a railway line in England linking London Victoria to Dover Priory / Ramsgate, Via Medway (and Chatham).

Most train services on the Line are run by Southeastern.

While travelling between Bromley South and London Victoria, the trains can either travel on the Main Line, through Beckenham Junction, Herne Hill and Brixton, or can go via the Catford Loop Line, travelling through Catford and Peckham Rye, and then just past Brixton it either picks up the Southeastern line all the way, or can follow the Southern Line through Clapham High Street before crossing back over to the Southeastern Line to London Victoria. Some services travelling via Catford now stop at Denmark Hill.

A High Speed Service consists of two trains per hour from St Pancras International to Faversham via Gravesend and Chatham.

In December 2015, engineers carried out a survey of the railway line running between Dover Priory and Folkestone Central and discovered that a section of sea wall carrying the line had eroded away, and suspended the service. A replacement bus service operated between Dover Priory and Folkestone Central. The High Speed services via Chatham stopped at Ramsgate, with a shuttle bus service running between Ramsgate and Dover Priory via Sandwich. From Ashford International, the High Speed service terminated at Folkestone Central. After just over 8 months, this section of line reopened on 5 September 2016 and normal services have resumed.

The following trains are operated on the line: Class 395 "Javelin", Class 375 "Electrostar", Class 465 "Networker" and Class 466 "Networker".

Atlanta, Texas

Atlanta is a city in Texas, United States.

Lóránd Hegyi

Lóránd Hegyi, was born on April 19, 1954 in Budapest, Hungary is an art historian, curator and writer.

Lorand Hegyi studied History, Art History and Aesthetics and received his PhD from Eötvös Loránd University (ELTE) in Budapest. He worked as researcher at the Institute of Art History in the 1980s and taught at ELTE University in Budapest as well as at Karl-Franzens-Universität in Graz. He dedicated himself to curating contemporary art exhibitions in Hungary, Austria and Germany while writing art historical and theoretical texts about Modernism and Post-Modernism.

1977-1999 Researcher at the Institute of Art History of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences, Budapest

1990-2001 Director of the Ludwig Museum (Museum Moderner Kunst Stiftung Ludwig) in Vienna, Austria

2002-2006 Art Director of the PAN, (Palazzo Arte Napoli - Centre Of Contemporary Art Naples), Italy

2003-2016 Director of the Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art of Saint-Etienne (Musée d’Art Moderne et Contemporain de Saint-Etienne), France

From 2017 Art Director of the Parkview Museum Beijing/Singapore, China/Singapore

Shortly after the fall of the Berlin Wall, he was invited to Austria, where from 1990 to 2001 he was director of the Museum of Modern Art Foundation Ludwig Vienna, where he developed one of the largest and most complex collections of Contemporary art of the countries of Eastern Europe and Central Europe, to which he dedicates two great exhibitions: "Reduktivismus - Abstraktion in Polen, Tschechoslowakei, Ungarn (Vienna, 1992), Aspects, positions: Fifty years of art in Central Europe" (Vienna, Barcelona, Southampton 1999).

In 1995, he was art director of the Triennial of Sculpture Fellbach, Germany where he presented the show "Europe – Asia", with forty artists from Asian countries. In 1999, he curated the exhibition 50 Years of Art in Central Europe 1949-1999 (Vienna, Budapest, Southampton) and the show "La Casa, il Corpo, il Cuore – Construction of Identities" (Vienna, Prague). In 2001, he opened the new contemporary art museum MUMOK, Vienna.

1996 Enver Hadžiomerspahić invited Lorand Hegyi to work at the project Ars Aevi , which was founded in 1992 during wartime. Through donations a great collection of contemporary art was created in Sarajevo. Lorand Hegyi organised about 200 donations from international artists for the collection, which he presented in Vienna and Sarajevo. Furthermore he curated several exhibitions in Sarajevo.

From 2003 to 2016 he was director of the Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art of Saint-Etienne. He emphasized in his exhibition and acquisition program a new global regard on contemporary art which included art from Central and East Europe as well, as contemporary art from Asia. He developed the collection of the tendencies of the 70’s and 80’s both from USA and Global Europe as well, as the new tendencies in Asian contemporary art. He created the exhibition series of contemporary drawing “"Cabinet de Dessin"” and a series of thematic exhibitions focusing on an anthropological vision of art like “"Domicile – Private/Public"” and “"Fragile"”. Lorand Hegyi systematically presented a lot of great contemporary masters like Jannis Kounellis, Michelangelo Pistoletto, Giovanni Anselmo, Günther Uecker, Dennis Oppenheim, Richard Nonas, Joel Shapiro, Roman Opalka, Orlan, Bertrand Lavier, Gilbert & George, Anne et Patrick Poirier, Georg Baselitz, Tony Cragg, Peter Halley, Anish Kapoor, etc..

In 2016 he curated the exhibitions “"Intriguing Uncertainties - Contemporary Drawing"” in Saint-Etienne, the “"Challenging Beauty – Italian Art after the 60s"” in Beijing and the “"Disturbing Narratives"” in Singapore. In 2017, he was nominated to Art Director of The Parkview Museum Beijing/Singapore where he created an important collection of contemporary Italian art. In 2017, he curated the first show of the ""BRIDGING ASIA/EUROPE"" exhibition series in The Parkview Museum Bejing, which presents artists from Asia and Europe in a form of dialogue. In 2017 he curated the exhibition ""Anish Kapoor – My Red Homeland"" in Saint-Etienne and the show “"The Artist’s Voice"” in Singapore.


Lorand Hegyi also co-curated the Biennale de Venice in Italy 1993, Toyama Biennale in Japan 1993, Stuttgart Sculpture Triennale in Germany 1995, Biennale of Valencia in 2003, Poznan Biennale in Poland in 2008. He was the member of many important Art Committee such as the European Investment Bank in Luxembourg, Committee of the LUXEMBURG FOUNDATION, Committee of the Salzburg Foundation in Austria, French National Art Committee, France, Committee of La Societe Generale, France etc



https://annoeuropeo2018.beniculturali.it/wp-content/uploads/2018/09/Espressionismo-tedesco_presentazione.pdf 

https://admin.depo.ba/clanak/81864/evropski-kustos-i-historicar-umjetnosti-lorand-hegyi-u-art-depou

https://www.centrepompidou.fr/cpv/ressource.action?param.id=FR_R-54e9dad8cd70f05219ac8e66dce3f&param.idSource=FR_P-54e9dad8cd70f05219ac8e66dce3f

http://dspace.unive.it/bitstream/handle/10579/8929/827921-1189130.pdf?sequence=2

https://www.chinadaily.com.cn/a/201804/17/WS5ad53ceca3105cdcf6518a25_1.html

https://slought.org/media/files/blood_orgies.pdf

https://www.artpool.hu/Al/al03/Hegyi.html

http://www.arteecritica.it/onsite/roman-opalka-eng.html 

http://www.michellunardelli.com/search/hegyi/


Audio, 20 minutes.

download 


Audio, 84 minutes.

Toronto, Kansas

Toronto is a city in Kansas, United States. 

Broadview Heights, Ohio

Broadview Heights is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. It is a suburb in the Greater Cleveland area. 19,936 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Blue Ash, Ohio

Blue Ash is a city in Hamilton County, Ohio, United States. It is a suburb of Cincinnati. 13,394 people lived there at the 2020 census.

Defiance, Ohio

Defiance is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Defiance County.

Defiance County, Ohio

Defiance County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 38,286 people lived there. The county seat is Defiance.

Mur, Switzerland

Mur is a former municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

On 1 July 2011 the former municipalities of Bellerive, Chabrey, Constantine, Montmagny, Mur, Vallamand and Villars-le-Grand merged into the new municipality of Vully-les-Lacs.

Carrouge, Vaud

Carrouge is a former municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

On 1 July 2016, the former municipalities of Carrouge, Ferlens and Mézières were combined into the new municipality of Jorat-Mézières.


Clayton, Ohio

Clayton is a city in Miami and Montgomery counties in the U.S. state of Ohio. 13,310 people lived there at the 2020 census. It is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Montebello, California

Montebello (Spanish and Italian for "beautiful mountain") is a city in Los Angeles County, California, United States. It is located in the southwestern area of the San Gabriel Valley. It is considered part of the Gateway Cities.

Gabrovo

Gabrovo () is a city in central northern Bulgaria. It is the administrative centre of Gabrovo Province.

People have lived in the area around Gabrovo since the Neolithic. It gained economic importance after Veliko Tarnovo became capital of the Second Bulgarian Empire in the 12th century. Craftsmanship and trade grew because Gabrovo was close to both the capital and the Balkan passes.

In the 1870s Felix Kanitz said that Gabrovo is "a big workshop" and that it is a "city that lives from the water," referring to widely used water power. The glory of the goods of Gabrovo became known throughout the Ottoman Empire, and beyond that, in Bucharest. There is still a street named "Gabroveni" in Bucharest.

Gabrovo is twinned with:


Turkic states

The Turkic states are countries where most of its people speak a Turkic language as their first language or have Turkic ancestry. There are six countries considered to be Turkic states: Turkey, Azerbaijan, Turkmenistan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, and Uzbekistan. The last 4 countries are commonly known as "the Stans". All of them except Turkey used to be part of the Soviet Union until its fall in 1991. While most of the people of all these countries are Muslim, none of these countries use the Arabic alphabet to read and write their own language. Either they use the Latin alphabet, like Turkey, Azerbaijan and Turkmenistan, or they use the Cyrillic alphabet, like Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, and Uzbekistan. While the people of Xinjiang, the Uighurs, are part of the Turkic peoples, it is not officially considered part of the Turkic states because it is controlled by China. While Northern Cyprus, which is most made of Turkish people, calls itself its own country, Turkey is the only other country that recognizes its statehood, or its being a state.

Denkingen

Denkingen is a municipality of the district of Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Uyghur Arabic alphabet

The Uighur alphabet (also: Uyghur alphabet) is the alphabet created by the Uighurs to read and write the Uighur language. It is based on the Arabic alphabet. Unlike the Arabic alphabet, however, Uighur has specific letters to write vowel sounds, rather than just diacritic marks. Writing vowels in Uighur is required, not optional. This means that the writing system is a true alphabet, not an abjad like Arabic.

Alexander Dash

The Alexander Dash is a step-entrance midibus body built by Walter Alexander Coachbuilders from 1991 to 1997. It could be built on the Dennis Dart or Volvo B6 chassis.

It was built with either a horizontal or V-shaped windscreen.


Mühlheim an der Donau

Mühlheim an der Donau ('Mühlheim on the Danube') is a town of the district Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the right bank of the river Danube and is northeast of Tuttlingen.

Aiguaviva

Aiguaviva is a municipality in the province of Girona and autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Tarapoto

Tarapoto is a city in Peru. It is in the San Martín Region.

Perdizes, Minas Gerais

Perdizes is a municipality in the west of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais.

Neighboring municipalities are: Patrocínio (N), Serra do Salitre (NE), Ibiá (E), Araxá (SE), Uberaba (S), Santa Juliana and Pedrinópolis (W).

Eschentzwiller

Eschentzwiller is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Kent Coast Line

The Kent Coast line is a railway line in Kent linking to .

Services are operated by Southeastern. The service is hourly from to . Once at Ashford the train divides in to two lines. One service goes to Ramsgate via Canterbury West, and the other service goes via the Kent Coast Line.

The main trains used on the line are Class 375 Electrostars.

Ewa Demarczyk

Ewa Maria Demarczyk (16 January 1941, born in Kraków, Poland – 14 August 2020, in Kraków) was a Polish singer. She started singing in 1961. Two years later she won an award at the National Festival of Polish Song in Opole. Demarczyk ended her career in 1999. She has 3 albums.

New London, Texas

New London is a city in Texas in the United States. 

Kether Donohue

Kether Donohue (born October 31, 1985) is an American actress, singer, and voice actress. She was born in Manhattan, New York City and has performed in many movies and television programs. These include "You're The Worst", "Pitch Perfect", "Hope & Faith", "Grease Live" and "The Bay".




Mexico, Missouri

Mexico is a city in the U.S. state of Missouri.

Jackson family

The Jackson family is an American family of singers who originated in Gary, Indiana. Performing as members of The Jackson 5 and as solo artists.They the children of Joseph Walter and Katherine Esther Jackson.They were very successful in the field of popular music from the late 1960s onwards. As a group, the eldest sons Jackie, Tito, Jermaine, Marlon, Randy and Michael, made the family's reputation, facilitating the subsequent success of siblings Rebbie, La Toya, and Janet. The Jackson 5 became known as the "First Family of Soul" and the First Family of music in later years.

FC Dordoi Bishkek

FC Dordoi Bishkek is a football club from Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan. The club plays in the Kyrgyzstan League. Dordoi Bishkek is the most successful club in the league, with 9 titles.

The club was founded in 1997 by businessman Askar Salymbekov. The club was first named FC Dordoi Naryn. In 1998, the club was renamed to FC Dordoi-Zhashtyk-SKIF Naryn. One year later, the club was renamed FC Dordoi Naryn. The club played their first season in the Kyrgyzstan League in 1999. They finished at 5th place. In 2004, they won their first league title, and also won the Kyrgyzstan Cup. In 2006 and 2007, the club won the AFC President's Cup. On the same year, the club was renamed FC Dordoi-Dynamo Naryn. In 2010, the club was renamed to FC Dordoi Bishkek.

In 2017, Aleksandr Krestinin became the new club manager.



FC Alga Bishkek

FC Alga Bishkek is a football club from Bishkek, Kyrgyzstan. The club plays in the Kyrgyzstan League. Alga Bishkek is the second most successful club in the league, with 5 titles.

The club was founded in 1947 as FC Zenith Frunze. In the 1950's, the club was named FC Trudovye Rezervy Frunze, FC Iskra Frunze and FC Spartak Frunze. In 1961, the club was renamed to FC Alga Frunze. The club had many more names in the 1990's and 2000's. In 2010, the club was named Alga Bishkek. The club won the Kyrgyzstan League in 1992, 1993, 2000, 2001, 2002.



FC Abdysh-Ata Kant

FC Abdysh-Ata Kant (also called Abdysh-Ata) is a football club from Kant, Kyrgyzstan. The club plays in the Kyrgyzstan League.

The club was founded in 1992. Abdysh-Ata has never won a league title, but the club has been second place in the league 5 times, and third place 4 times. Abdysh-Ata is the third most successful club in the Kyrgyzstan Cup, winning the title 4 times: 2007,2009,2011,2015.



Philadelphia, Tennessee

Philadelphia is a city of Loudon County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 607 at the 2020 census.

Museo de Arte Moderno y Contemporáneo de Santander y Cantabria

The Museo de Arte Moderno y Contemporáneo de Santander y Cantabria (also known as MAS) is an art museum in Santander, Spain. Today the museum specializes in modern and contemporary art.

The first MAS museum was established in 1907. It opened on 6 February 1908. At that time it was called Biblioteca y Museo Municipales (Municipal Library and Museum). Its collection was shown in a room of the Santander City Council building. In those early days the collection included paintings and sculptures and many other kinds objects. It had objects from archaeological sites and also objects related to natural history and ethnology.

In 1923 the city built a new home for the library and museum. The building was designed by Leonardo Rucabado. Starting in 1941, the library moved out of the building. The museum took over the whole building and began to change its collections. It kept the paintings and sculptures but gave the archaeological, natural history, and ethnology objects to other museums in Santander and the Cantabria region. The museum re-opened on 3 November 1947 with a new name: Museo Municipal de Pinturas (Municipal Museum of Painting). In 1957 the museum changed its name again. It became the Museo Municipal de Bellas Artes de Santander (Municipal Museum of Fine Arts of Santander).

Between 1978 and 1993 the museum's collection of works by younger artists and especially artists from Cantabria grew bigger. The inside of the museum was also repaired and made more modern. The museum specialized more and more in modern and contemporary art. In 2011 the museum changed its name to Museum de Arte Moderno y Contemporáneo de Santander y Cantabria (Museum of Modern and Contemporary Art of Santander and Cantabria). That is the name it has today.

The museum has 1,870 works of art—paintings, sculptures, photographs, engravings, and installations. About 100 of these works are by Spanish, Flemish, and Italian artists from the 16th, 17th and 18th centuries. All the rest are from the last part of the 19th century to the 21st century. Most of the museum's works are by Spanish artists. It has about 150 works by foreign artists. One of these is "La muerte del toro" ("The Death of the Bull") by the Italian contemporary artist, Umberto Pettinicchio., the "La tauromaquia" by Francisco Goya, the "Grabados Suite Vollard" by Pablo Picasso.


Scranton, Kansas

Scranton is a city in Kansas, United States.

Scranton, North Dakota

Scranton is a city in North Dakota, United States.

New Carlisle, Ohio

New Carlisle is a city in Ohio, United States.

New Franklin, Ohio

New Franklin is a city in Ohio, United States.

Montreal, Wisconsin

Montreal is a city in Wisconsin, United States.

Choctaw, Oklahoma

Choctaw is a city in Oklahoma County, Oklahoma, United States. It is the oldest chartered town in Oklahoma Territory. The city is located about 10 miles (16.1 km) east of Oklahoma City. It is part of the Oklahoma City metropolitan area. In 2020, 12,182 people lived there.

Choctaw became a community in 1890. It became a town in 1893 when a territorial governor was appointed for Oklahoma. It celebrated its 100th anniversary in 1993. In 1950, Choctaw was in an agricultural area. It had a population of 355 in that year. The town has no cultural or historical ties to the Choctaw Nation of Oklahoma.

Before Choctaw was chartered, the area was known for a trading post and a camping spot near a spring.

A community formed on the east of land John S. Muzzy claimed in the 1889 land run. It received a postal designation in early 1890.

The town incorporated in April 1904. When Oklahoma became a state in 1907, 230 people lived there. The town had four churches, a school, a bank, a newspaper and telephone service. The population grew very little during the Great Depression.

Springfield, Tennessee

Springfield is a city in Tennessee in the United States. It is the county seat of Robertson County.

Springfield, Michigan

Springfield is a city in Michigan in the United States. Springfield, Oregon

Springfield, Oregon

Springfield is a city in Oregon in the United States.

Springfield, South Dakota

Springfield is a city in South Dakota in the United States. 

Glasgow, Missouri

Glasgow is a city in Missouri in the United States.

It is named after a city, also called Glasgow, in Scotland. 

Glasgow, Montana

Glasgow is a city in Montana in the United States. It is the county seat of Valley County. About 3,200 people lived there in 2020.

Glasgow was founded in 1887 as a railroad town. Both Amtrak and the National Weather Service have facilities in Glasgow that link the city to the surrounding region. Nearby Fort Peck Dam provides tourist business.

Paris Jackson

Paris-Michael Katherine Jackson (born April 3, 1998) is an American model and actress. Jackson is the second and only daughter of Michael Jackson and Debbie Rowe.

Paris was born at Spalding Pain Clinic in Beverly Hills, California, She is the second child and only daughter of Michael Jackson and Debbie Rowe, She had one brother is Prince Jackson and one half brother is Blanket Jackson.

Peru, Nebraska

Peru is a city in Nebraska, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 648.

Paris, Missouri

Paris is a city in Missouri in the United States.

Paris, Tennessee

Paris is a city in the U.S. state of Tennessee. It had a population of 10,316 in 2020. It has been called the "World's Biggest Fish Fry". It has a 70-foot replica of the Eiffel Tower.

Allensville, Kentucky

Allensville is an unincorporated community of Kentucky in the United States.

Blandville, Kentucky

Blandville is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Burlington, Kentucky

Burlington is a census-designated place in the U.S. state of Kentucky. It is the county seat of Boone County.

Dycusburg, Kentucky

Dycusburg is a former city of Kentucky in the United States.

Hebron Estates, Kentucky

Hebron Estates is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Heritage Creek, Kentucky

Heritage Creek is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Louisville/Jefferson County metro government (balance), Kentucky

Louisville/Jefferson County metro government (balance) is a city of Kentucky in the United States.

Whitley City, Kentucky

Whitley City is a census-designated place in McCreary County, Kentucky.

Jean-Pierre Bernard

Jean-Pierre Bernard (22 January 1933 – 7 July 2017) was a French movie, television and stage actor. He was born in Paris. He has appeared in many French movies over a 50-year period and became known internationally for his role of a French climber named Jean-Paul Montaigne in the 1975 movie "The Eiger Sanction" that was directed by and starred Clint Eastwood.

Bernard studied at the French National Academy of Dramatic Arts. His French language movie appearances include: "Adelaide" (1968) directed by Jean-Daniel Simon, "Le Soulier de satin" (1985) directed by Manoel de Oliveira and "Mon ami le traître" (1988) directed by José Giovanni .

Bernard died on 7 July 2017 in Paris of stomach cancer, aged 84.

Marina Ratner

Marina Evseevna Ratner (; October 30, 1938 – July 7, 2017) was a Russian-American professor of mathematics at the University of California, Berkeley. She worked in ergodic theory. She was born in Moscow, and of Jewish descent.

Around 1990, she proved a group of major theorems concerning unipotent flows on homogeneous spaces, known as Ratner's theorems. Ratner was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1992, awarded the Ostrowski Prize in 1993 and elected to the National Academy of Sciences the same year. In 1994, she was awarded the John J. Carty Award from the National Academy of Sciences.

Ratner died in Berkeley, California on July 7, 2017 of a stroke at the age of 78.

Don Johns

Donald Ernest "Don" Johns (December 13, 1937 – July 8, 2017) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played 153 games in the National Hockey League for the Montreal Canadiens, New York Rangers, and Minnesota North Stars. He was born in St. George, Ontario.

Johns died on July 8, 2017 in Pointe-Claire, Quebec from a heart attack, aged 79.

Davis, California

Davis is a city in Yolo County, California, United States. It was founded in 1868 and incorporated on March 28, 1917. It is where the University of California, Davis is located. In 2020, 66,850 people lived there.

Gertrude Poe

Gertrude Louise Poe (September 21, 1915 – July 13, 2017) was an American journalist, lawyer, real estate agent, insurance agent, and radio broadcaster. She was born in Granite, Maryland. Poe served as the editor of "Laurel Leader" in Laurel, Maryland from 1939 to 1980. She was known as "Maryland's First Lady of Journalism."

Poe turned 100 in September 2015.

Poe died on July 13, 2017 in Montgomery County, Maryland of respiratory arrest at the age of 101.

Mahi Beamer

Edwin Mahiai (Mahi) Copp Beamer (December 5, 1928 – July 14, 2017) was an American tenor falsetto singer, composer and hula dancer of Hawaiian ancestry. He was born in Honolulu in the Territory of Hawaii. In 2006, Mahi Beamer was inducted into the Hawaiian Music Hall of Fame. He was named a "Living Treasure of Hawaii" in 2008 by the Honpa Hongwanji Mission of Hawaii. 

In 1959, Beamer had an uncredited part as a singer in the Columbia Pictures movie "Forbidden Island", which starred Jon Hall and was filmed on location in Hawaii. Beamer has performed at Carnegie Hall in New York City, and for thirteen years was a featured performer of Nalani Kele's Polynesian Review at the Stardust Resort and Casino in Paradise, Nevada.

Beamer died of complications from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease on July 14, 2017 in Honolulu at the age of 88.

Anne Golon

Anne Golon (17 December 1921 – 14 July 2017) was a French author, better known to English-speaking readers as Sergeanne Golon. She was most known for a series of novels about a heroine called Angelique. She was born in Toulon, France. She was married to her writing partner Serge Golon until his death in 1972.

Golon died of colorectal cancer on 14 July 2017 in Versailles, France at the age of 95.


Ottawa, Kansas

Ottawa is a city in Franklin County, Kansas, United States. It is also the county seat of Franklin County. It is on both banks of the Marais des Cygnes River near the center of Franklin County. In 2020, 12,625 people lived there.

The name comes from the Ottawa tribe of Indians. The city was planned on their reservation. In spring 1864, the land was obtained from the tribe through a treaty connected to the creation of Ottawa University. The Ottawa had given 20,000 acres of land to create and fund a school for the education of Indians and non-Indians alike. The word Ottawa itself means “to trade”. In 1867, the Ottawa tribe sold their remaining land in Kansas, and they moved to Indian Territory in Oklahoma.
March 31st, 1864, J.C. Richmond built the first non-Indian settlement in the new town.

Ottawa has a history of flooding. This is because of where it is. It is on the Marais Des Cygnes river. The area's first recorded flood was the Great Flood of 1844. In 1928, a flood went up to at 38.65 feet, and it killed six people. Other floods included 1904. Water went up to 36 feet. In 1909, a flood went up to . In 1915, a flood went up to . Another flood happened in 1944, where the water went up to .

The most famous flood is the Great Flood of 1951. It was about five inches higher than the 1928 flood. The flood of 1951 hurt a lot of Missouri and Kansas. 41 people died. 1/3 of Ottawa was covered because of this flood.

In 1943, the United States government brought prisoners to Ottawa. These prisoners were war prisoners from World War II. The prisoners were mostly German people and Italian people. The government brought them because farmers needed more people. They were forced to live in camps. These camps were like prisons. The camp closed in 1945.

Ottawa is on the Marais des Cygnes River. It is southwest of Kansas City at the junction of U.S. Route 59 and K-68. U.S. Route 50 and Interstate 35 go near Ottawa to the south and east, while business US-50 goes through the city.

The United States Census Bureau says that the city has a total area of . Of that, is land and is water.

The area gets about of precipitation during an average year. Most of the rain happens in May and June.

In 2020, there were 12,625 people, 5,095 households, and 3,095 families living in Ottawa. Of the households, 55.9% owned their home and 44.1% rented their home.

The median age was 36.1 years. Of the people, 86.5% were White, 2.0% were Black, 1.0% were Native American, 0.4% were Asian, 2.2% were from some other race, and 7.8% were two or more races. Hispanic or Latino of any race were 6.0% of the people.

In 2010, there were 12,649 people, 4,998 households, and 3,127 families living in Ottawa.

Ottawa's two biggest employers are Walmart and American Eagle Outfitters. They both have distribution centers in the city. Ottawa has freight rail service from BNSF railway. There is also a grain elevator operated by the Ottawa Co-Op. The city operates the Ottawa Municipal Airport, a small General Aviation airport four miles south of the city.

Ottawa had a Mayor-Council system. This changed in 1913 when the City became a Commission form of government. In 1970 voters created the City Manager form of government with a five-member Commission. The commission chooses a Mayor. The people of Ottawa elect commissioners at-large. Three seats on the Commission are open every odd numbered year. Two Commissioners are elected to four-year terms and one is elected to a two-year term.

Ottawa is served by USD 290 for public education. The private four-year university, Ottawa University, is in Ottawa. Ottawa is also where another campus of Neosho County Community College is.

USD 290 public education schools:

Ottawa has several private schools.

There is one newspaper for the city of Ottawa, the "Ottawa Herald". It was created in 1869. It is owned by CherryRoad Media.

Downtown Ottawa is has the Plaza Grill and Cinema (formerly the Crystal Plaza and Bijou Theater). In 2013, it was found that it is the oldest operating movie theater in the United States.


Official sites

Julia Hartwig

Julia Hartwig-Międzyrzecka (14 August 1921 – 14 July 2017) was a Polish writer and translator. She was born in Lublin, Poland. She was considered to be one of Poland's most important female poets.

Her first poems appeared in the journal "Odrodzenie" in 1944. Hartwig lived in Paris from 1947-50. In 1954, she published "Z niedalekich podróży" ("From Nearby Places"), a collection of articles. She published her first collection of poetry "Pożegnania" ("Farewells") in 1956.

Hartwig died on 14 July 2017 in Gouldsboro, Pennsylvania of congestive heart failure at the age of 95.

Jodie Whittaker

Jodie Auckland Whittaker (born 17 June 1982) is an English actress. She first became known for her 2006 feature movie debut "Venus". She received British Independent Film Award and Satellite Award nominations for that role. 

Whittaker was later praised for her roles in the cult science fiction movie "Attack the Block" (2011), the "Black Mirror" episode "The Entire History of You" (2011). She also played grieving mother Beth Latimer in Chris Chibnall's TV series "Broadchurch" (2013–2017).

On 16 July 2017, BBC announced that Whittaker would become the thirteenth (and the first female) incarnation of The Doctor in the British TV series Doctor Who, taking over Peter Capaldi as role of the doctor in the 2017 Christmas special episode ". She will leave the role in 2022.

William &quot;Hootie&quot; Johnson

William Woodward "Hootie" Johnson (February 16, 1931 – July 14, 2017) was an American banker and the chairman of the executive committee at Bank of America. He was a member of the South Carolina Business Hall of Fame and a chairman of Augusta National Golf Club. He was born in Augusta, Georgia. From 1957 through 1958, Johnson served in the South Carolina House of Representatives. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Johnson died on July 14, 2017 of mesothelioma in Columbia, South Carolina at the age of 86.


Anne Buttimer

Anne Buttimer (31 October 1938 – 15 July 2017) was an Irish geographer. She was emeritus professor of geography at University College, Dublin. She was born in Cork, Ireland. She was president of the IGU 2000–2004 and the first geographer to be vice-president of Academia Europaea in 2012.

Buttimer died of endometrial cancer in Dublin on 15 July 2017 at the age of 78.


Babe Parilli

Vito "Babe" Parilli (May 7, 1930 – July 15, 2017) was an American football player. He played quarterback for seven seasons in the National Football League and one in the Canadian Football League in the 1950s, and then in the American Football League for all ten seasons in the 1960s.

Parilli died on July 15, 2017 in Parker, Colorado of complications from multiple myeloma at the age of 87.

Parilli was elected to the College Football Hall of Fame in 1982. On November 15, 2014, he was inducted into the National Italian American Sports Hall of Fame.

Vjekoslav Vojo Radoičić

Vjekoslav Vojo Radoičić, also known as Vojo Radoičić (10 November 1930 – 15 July 2017), was a Croatian painter, sculptor, printmaker, and stage designer. He was born in Požega while Croatia was still under the Kingdom of Yugoslavia. 

Radoičić lived and worked in Vienna, London and Zagreb, and had close ties with those places as depicted in his artwork, however he spent most of his time in Rijeka, Croatia. Vojo Radoicic has held more than 180 independent exhibitions in Croatia, as well as abroad. He was known for depicting the places he has traveled to in vibrant colors through a child's mindset to tell stories of his experiences. 

Radoičić was awarded the Order of Croatian Danica for his works to culture.

Radoičić died of pneumonia complicated by lung cancer in Rijeka, Croatia on 15 July 2017 at the age of 86.

Drug withdrawal

Drug withdrawal is the group of symptoms that occur upon the fast discontinuation or decrease in intake of medications or recreational drugs.

In order to experience the symptoms of withdrawal, one must have first developed a form of drug addiction, which may occur as physical dependence, psychological dependence, or both.

Symptoms can also occur when people stop taking drugs whicch they had taken for a long time. That way, if someone switches from one drug to another one (for example to reduce side effects), this change needs to be planned carefully with the aid of a physician.

Abdul Rahman bin Abdulaziz Al Saud

Abdul-Rahman bin Abdulaziz (, ""; 1931 – 13 July 2017) was a Saudi prince and civil servant. He was a senior member of the House of Saud. From 1978 through 2011, he served as Deputy Minister of Defense and Aviation. His father was Ibn Saud. 

Rahman died on 13 July 2017 of kidney failure at the age of 86.

Ram Nath Kovind

Ram Nath Kovind (born 1 October 1945) is an Indian politician. Kovind became the 14th President of India upon winning the 2017 presidential election in July 2017. He was the second president to have been a Dalit leader and member of the Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP). He was Governor of Bihar from 2015 to 2017. He served as Member of Parliament from 1994 through 2006. Ram Nath Kovind is also prez candidate of NDA.

In June 2017, he won the nomination of the Bharatiya Janata Party for President of India in the 2017 Indian presidential election. After winning the nomination, he resigned from his post as Governor of Bihar, and President of India Pranab Mukherjee accepted his resignation on 20 June 2017. According to polling after voting was closed on 17 July 2017, Kovind was expected to win the presidency with a voting outcome of 99%. Kovind was declared as the winner after the counting of votes held on 20 July 2017.

Kovind was born into a scheduled caste (Kori community), (Hindu Family), in Parakh Kanpur, Dehat District, Uttar Pradesh.

His father Maikulal Kori was a local vadiya, who operated a grocery store. His mother was Kalawati who died when he was very young.

Kovind has 4 brothers and 3 sisters and he is the youngest amongst all of them.

Kovind grew up in humble circumstances in a small agrarian village where his father farmed. After earning degrees in commerce and law from Kanpur University, he moved to Delhi in order to take the civil services examination. Although he passed, Kovind chose to begin practicing law and was admitted to the bar in 1971.

He joined the Bharatiya Janata Party in 1991. He was President of the BJP Dalit Morcha between 1998 and 2002 and President of the All-India Koli Samaj. He also served as national spokesperson of the party. He donated his ancestral home in Derapur to the RSS. He contested from Ghatampur and Bhognipur (both in UP) assembly constituencies on the BJP ticket but lost both elections.

He was elected and became a Rajya Sabha MP from the state of Uttar Pradesh in April 1994. He served a total of twelve years, two consecutive terms, until March 2006. As a member of parliament, he visited Thailand, Nepal, Pakistan, Singapore, Germany, Switzerland, France, the United Kingdom and the United States on study tours.

On 8 August 2015, the President of India appointed Kovind as Governor of Bihar. On 16 August 2015, the acting Chief Justice of Patna High Court, Iqbal Ahmad Ansari, administered the oath to Kovind as the 36th Governor of Bihar.
As Governor, he was praised for constituting a judicial commission to investigate irregularities in promotion of undeserving teachers, mis-management of funds and appointment of undeserving candidates in universities.

Kovind resigned as Governor on 20 June 2017 to peruse his campaign for President of India in the 2017 presidential election.

Kovind was nominated for the President of India for the Bharatiya Janata Party in June 2017 which led to his resignation as Governor of Bihar. His opponent was former Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar for the Indian National Congress.

After voting ended on 17 July 2017. Kovind was declared as the winner after the counting of votes held on 20 July 2017.

Kovind secured roughly two-thirds of the votes from the electoral college of elected members of federal, state and union territory legislatures and was elected to a five-year term as President.

Kovind was sworn-in as President of India on 25 July 2017.

Kovind married Savita Kovind in 1974. They have a son, Prashant Kumar, and a daughter, Swati Kovind.

प्रेरणादायक जीवनी -रामनाथ कोविन्द 


Chief Minister of West Bengal

The Chief of the Council of Ministers of West Bengal is the head of the executive branch of the Government of West Bengal and the representative of the federal government in the state. Under the Constitution of India, the governor is the head of state and highest figure of authority. However, it is the chief minister who exercises executive authority, alongside their Council of Ministers, of which they are the chairperson. The Chief minister is elected by the governor and usually leads the party that holds a majority in the state's legislative assembly.


Josette Biyo

Dr. Josette T. Biyo (born 1958; née Talamera) is a Filipino educator and former executive director of the Philippine Science High School System. She has received international recognition for her contributions to science and education.

Josette Biyo was born on January 19, 1958, in Januiay, Iloilo. She earned her bachelor's degree in biological sciences from the University of the Philippines Visayas in Miagao, intending to continue to medical school. Instead, she took a teaching post and afterward earned a Ph.D. in biology from De La Salle University in Manila. Her dissertation examined seagrass community dynamics on Guimaras Island.

In 2004, Biyo was conferred with an honorary doctorate in humanities by the Manila Central University.

After her research ended, Biyo spent eight years teaching in a rural community in her home province, Iloilo. She used her knowledge of biology to educate the residents in primary health care using local plants and ingredients.

In 1995, Biyo accepted a science teaching position at the Philippine Science High School Western Visayas Campus. In her three years there, she developed and refined a unique educational philosophy that fosters a "culture of science". She also organized teaching trips for educators on the island of Panay. She was invited to Laos and Cambodia to speak, and developed a formal method of science teaching and research.

Biyo served as the executive director of the Philippine Science High School System from October 17, 2011 to March 31, 2014. Afterwards, she became the director of the Department of Science and Technology – Science Education Institute.

Biyo's methodology encourages students to adopt several learning and life behaviors, in order to maximize their career potential.
Biyo's mentorship and teaching methods have cultivated noteworthy scientists in diverse fields of research, including oceanography, marine life, physics, and robotics.


The Florian main-belt asteroid 13241 Biyo, discovered by LINEAR at Lincoln Lab's ETS in 1998, was named in her honor. The naming was part of the International Excellence in Teaching Award she received during the Intel International Science and Engineering Fair in 2002. The official naming citation was published by the Minor Planet Center on 24 July 2002 ().


Viluppuram district

Viluppuram (also "Villupuram" and "Vizhupuram") is one of the 32 districts in Tamil Nadu state in southern India. The district headquarters is at Viluppuram. Viluppuram district came into existence on 30 September 1993 when it was created out of South Arcot district. Viluppuram is the largest district in the state.This district has tourist spots which are more than 500 years old including temples, mosques and churches.

Viluppuram District was earlier a part of South Arcot District along with Cuddalore District. It was then separated from Cuddalore and became a new district on 30 September 1993. 
According to 2011 census, 3,458,873 lived in Viluppuram. The sex-ratio was 987 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. 404,106 were under the age of six: 208,246 males and 195,860 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes were 29.37% and 2.16% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the district was 63.48%, compared to the national average of 72.99%. The district had 800,368 households. There were a total of 1,703,249 workers, comprising 322,900 cultivators, 537,581 main agricultural labourers, 23,961 in house hold industries, 376,360 other workers, 442,447 marginal workers, 46,746 marginal cultivators, 294,632 marginal agricultural labourers, 14,276 marginal workers in household industries and 86,793 other marginal workers.

Viluppuram

Viluppuram is a municipality and the administrative headquarters of Viluppuram district, the largest district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. It is well connected by both road and rail to all the important cities in Tamil Nadu. The town is a major railway junction, and National Highway 45 passes through it. Agriculture is its main source of income. As of Government of India 2014 data, Viluppuram had a population of 121198. The town's literacy rate has been recorded as 90.16% by Census 2011,villupuram famous for egg candy (sweet) 

In 1919, Viluppuram was officially constituted as a municipality. It is made up of 36 wards, making it the largest city and municipality in Viluppuram district. Villupuram famous for historical places like gingee fort,melmalainur amman temple,panchamuga anjaneyer temple,maraikanam siva temple,

Viluppuram is named after a class of people known as "Vizhupparaiyar" (விழுப்பரையர்). One of the famous Tamil poets Jayamkondar wrote a book titled "Karanai Vizhupparaiyan madal" (also known as Aadhinatha Valamadal) on the praise of Aadhinathan Vizhupparaiyan who was a commander in the army of Kulottunga Chola I. The town came to known after the "Vizhupparaiyan" sect named after him. They are also known as "Vizhupaadharaiyar".Viluppuram is also affectionately called as "Vizhimaa Nagaram" (விழிமா நகரம்) in Tamil. It means a town with wide-eyed people.

As of the 2011 census, Viluppuram municipality was divided into 36 wards for which elections are held every five years and had a population of 96,253 of which 47,670 were male and 48,583 female.


Gingee Fort

Gingee Fort or Senji Fort (also known as Chenji, Chanchi, Jinji or Senchi) in Tamil Nadu, India is one of the surviving forts in Tamil Nadu, India. It lies in Villupuram District, 160 kilometres (99 mi) from the state capital, Chennai, and is close to the Union Territory of Puducherry. The fort is so fortified, that Shivaji, the Maratha king, ranked it as the "most impregnable fortress in India" and it was called the "Troy of the East" by the British. The nearest town with a railway station is Tindivanam and the nearest airport is Chennai (Madras), located 150 kilometres (93 mi) away.

Originally the site of a small fort built by the Chola dynasty during the 9th century AD, Gingee Fort was modified by Kurumbar during the 13th century. As per one account, the fort was built during the 15–16th century by the Nayaks, the lieutenants of the Vijayanagara Empire and who later became independent kings (Nayaks of Gingee ). The fort passed to the Marathas under the leadership of Shivaji in 1677 AD, Bijapur sultans, the Moghuls, Carnatic Nawabs, French and the British in 1761. The fort is closely associated with Raja Tej Singh, who unsuccessfully revolted against the Nawab of Arcot and eventually lost his life in a battle.

Planes (movie)

Planes is a 2013 American 3D computer graphicas computer animated musical . Unlike the "Cars" movies (which were produced by Pixar), "Planes" was produced by DisneyToon Studios. The movie is a spin-off to the "Cars" franchise, but it did not receive the kind of success that "Cars" received. "Planes" follows a crop-duster plane Dusty Crophopper who, under Skipper's training, becomes a racer in the Wings Around the Globe rally. With a lot of patience, Dusty has to face his racing rival Ripslinger as well as many other natural obstacles that come in his way. The movie was released on August 9, 2013. It had a sequel named "", which was released in 2014.


Mercedes-Benz Axor

The Mercedes-Benz Axor is a truck manufactured by Daimler Truck between 1999 and 2014 designed to fill the gap between the premium Actros trucks. It was a truck built by Mercedes-Benz from roughly 2001 to 2008.

Mercedes-Benz Actros

The Mercedes-Benz Actros is a truck built by Daimler Truck/Mercedes-Benz. The vehicle was built in 1995. Daimler Truck launched the version II of the Actros in 2002, while the version III was launched in 2007. The fourth generation, called "the New Actros", was launched in July 2011. 

2017 Indian presidential election

The 2017 Indian presidential election was held in India on 17 July 2017, and counting was done on 20 July 2017, five days before the incumbent President's term expires. The incumbent is eligible for re-election, as no term limits exist in India.
Initially receiving speculation for a re-election bid, Pranab Mukherjee decided not to run again in 2017 due to health concerns and problems relating to his age.

Kovind secured roughly two-thirds of the votes from the electoral college of elected members of federal, state and union territory legislatures and was elected to a five-year term as President. Kovind's term of office will begin on 25 July 2017.

The president is elected by an electoral college consisting of the elected members of both houses of parliament, the elected members of the Legislative assemblies of the 29 states and the elected members of the legislative assemblies of the Union Territories of Delhi and Puducherry.

Results will be declared on 20 July 2017.

According to polling after voting was closed on 17 July 2017, Ram Nath Kovind was expected to win the presidency with a voting outcome of 99%. Kovind was declared as the winner after the counting of votes held on 20 July 2017. He will be administered oath by the Chief Justice of India Jagdish Singh Khehar, as The 14th President of India on 25th July, 2017 at The Central Hall located in The Parliament House, New Delhi.


Roosevelt University

Roosevelt University is a coeducational, private university with campuses in Chicago, Illinois and Schaumburg, Illinois. Founded in 1945, the university is named in honor of both former President Franklin Delano Roosevelt and First Lady Eleanor Roosevelt. The university's classes is based on principles of social justice.

The university enrolls around 7,000 students between its undergraduate and graduate programs and is ranked #81 in "U.S. News & World Report"s "Midwest Universities -2012". Roosevelt is also home to the Chicago College of Performing Arts. The University's newest academic building, Wabash, is located in The Loop of Downtown Chicago. It is the tallest educational building in Chicago, the second tallest educational building in the United States, and the fourth
-largest academic complex in the world. 

President Charles R. Middleton was inaugurated in 2002, and retired in 2015. The current president, Dr. Ali Malekzadeh, started in 2015.

Trevor Baxter

Trevor Baxter (18 November 1932 – 16 July 2017) was a British actor and playwright. He was educated at Dulwich College and the Royal Academy of Dramatic Art. He was best known for playing Professor George Litefoot in "Doctor Who". He was born in London.

Baxter also appeared in "Adam Adamant Lives!", "Z-Cars", "Maelstrom", "Thriller", "The New Avengers", "Jack the Ripper", (1988) "The Barchester Chronicles" (1982) and "Doctors".

Baxter died on 16 July 2017 in London at the age of 84.

Nexhmije Hoxha

Nexhmije Hoxha (; February 8, 1921 – February 25, 2020) was the widow of Albanian communist leader Enver Hoxha.

Hoxha was born Nexhmije Xhuglini in Bitolj. She studied at the Queen Mother Pedagogical Institute in Tirana. After World War II she married prime minister and Communist Party leader Enver Hoxha.

After her husband died in 1985, Nexhmije Hoxha was elected Chairwoman of the Democratic Front. She was forced to resign as chairwoman of the Democratic Front in December 1990, and was replaced by Prime Minister Adil Çarçani. She was arrested and sentenced to prison for misuse of Albanian government funds during her husband's regime, but later released.

Hoxha died on February 25, 2020 at her home in Tirana, Albania at the age of 99.

Patty Jenkins

Patricia Lea "Patty" Jenkins (born July 24, 1971) is an American movie director and screenwriter. She directed "Monster" (2003), "Wonder Woman" (2017) ,and "Wonder Woman 1984" (2019).

In 2011, Jenkins received an Emmy nomination for Outstanding Directing for a Drama Series for the pilot of "The Killing".

Jenkins was born July 24, 1971 at an air force base in Victorville, California. Her father was William T. Jenkins, an Air Force captain and fighter pilot who earned a Silver Star in the Vietnam War. Her mother was Emily Roth, who worked in San Francisco as an environmental scientist. She has an older sister, Elaine Roth. She lived in Lawrence, Kansas from when she was in kindergarten through her junior year of high school.

In 2007, Jenkins married Sam Sheridan. Sheridan is a former firefighter, and he is the author of the book "A Fighter's Heart". Jenkins and Sheridan have a son. They live in Santa Monica, California.


2017 CONCACAF Gold Cup

The 2017 CONCACAF Gold Cup was the 14th CONCACAF Gold Cup tournament. It featured teams from North and Central America, along with some Caribbean teams. The tournament was played between 7–26 July 2017. It was hosted by the United States.

Mexico were the defending champions.

There will be no third-placed match in this tournament.





Canada men's national soccer team

Canada national soccer team is the national soccer team of Canada.

Caps and goals updated as of January 15, 2020. Bold notes player is still active with the national team.

Curaçao national football team

The Curaçao national football team is the football team that represents Curaçao. This is not to be confused with the Territory of Curaçao national football team, which existed until 1954 when Curaçao merged into the Netherlands Antilles national football team. The Netherlands Antilles dissolved into different countries on 10 October 2010. The Curaçao national football team is seen as the official successor of the Netherlands Antilles national team.

The team's first match as a new country was played on 18 August 2011 against the Dominican Republic.


Rebus

A rebus is a picture, letter, number, or symbol that is used to represent a different word that has a similar pronunciation. In English, if a person was writing the sentence "I see you tonight" in a text message, the person might write "⊙ L C U 2nite", in which the symbol "⊙", which is a picture of an eye, represents the word "I" because it sounds the same, "L" stands for the contracted "will" as in "I'll", the letter "C" represents the word "see", the letter "U" represents the word "you", the number "2" represents the word "to", and the word "nite" is represents the word "night".

Raymond Sackler

Raymond Sackler (February 16, 1920 – July 17, 2017) was an American physician, entrepreneur, and philanthropist. Sackler and his brothers Arthur and Mortimer worked together and independently. They had careers as psychiatric researchers and practitioners, business leaders, and philanthropists.

Sackler was known for being closely associated with the now global reach of Purdue Pharma LLP, in the United States, Canada and Mundipharma Ltd. in Europe, Asia and Africa. Sackler and his wife Beverly established the "Raymond and Beverly Sackler Medical Research Centre at the University of Cambridge", School of Clinical Medicine (UK).

Sackler was born in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at New York University. He married Beverly Sackler in 1944. Sackler died on July 17, 2017 of pneumonia at his home in Stamford, Connecticut at the age of 97.

Bagale Thapa

Bagale Thapa or Bagalya Thapa () is a prominent Kshatriya clan within Khas Thapa. Bagale Thapa belong to Atreya Gotra and Suryavansha (solar) dynasty in Hinduism. They trace their ancestry to legendary Khas King Kalu Thapa since Saka Era 1111 or Vikram Samvat 1246. Bagale Thapa were powerful family while living at Jumla as per Gorkha Rajbanshawali, the Royal Genealogy of Gorkha Kingdom.

Bada Kaji Amar Singh Thapa belonged to this clan. Prime Minister Bhimsen Thapa, the grandson of Kaji Birbhadra Thapa, also belonged to this clan. His niece Lalit Tripura Sundari and nephew Mathabarsingh Thapa went on to become Queen and Prime Minister of Nepal respectively. War commander Ujir Singh Thapa, General Ranabir Singh Thapa and Colonel Bakhtawar Singh Thapa also belonged to this clan being family members of PM Bhimsen Thapa.


With Full Force

With Full Force is a German heavy metal and punk music festival held every year since 1994. In 2013, the festival attracted 30,000 attendees. In 2017, the festival took place at the Ferropolis near Gräfenhainichen. This is the first time since 1998 that the festival will not be held in Löbnitz.

Many popular artists have performed here. These include Slayer, Iron Maiden, Rammstein, Marilyn Manson, Motörhead, Machine Head, Amon Amarth, Arkona, In Flames, Slipknot, etc.


2017 Ecuadorian general election

2017 general elections were held in Ecuador on 19 February 2017 alongside a referendum on tax havens.

Voters elected a new President and National Assembly.

Incumbent President Rafael Correa of the PAIS Alliance was not eligible for re-election, having served two terms. In the first round of the presidential elections, PAIS Alliance candidate Lenín Moreno received 39% of the vote. Although he was more than 10% ahead of his nearest rival, Guillermo Lasso of the Creating Opportunities party, Moreno was just short of the 40% threshold required to avoid a run-off.

As a result, a second round was held on 2 April. In the second round Moreno was elected president with 51.16% of the vote.

Walther Rathenau

Walther Rathenau (September 29, 1867 in Berlin - June 24, 1922 in Berlin) was a German businessman, writer and politician.

Rathenau was of Jewish descent. He was a member of the social liberal German Democratic Party (Deutsche Demokratische Partei, shortened DDP).

From February 1, 1922, until his death the same year, he was Minister of Foreign Affairs.

He was a victim of a political assassination. He was murdered by an ultranationalist and antisemitic organization called Organisation Consul. He died at the age of 54.



Massacres at the concentration camp at Botn

Massacres happened at the concentration camp at Botn - in Norway's Nordland county, during World War Two.

According to the Yugoslav War Crimes Commission, 73 prisoners were executed by shots from small arms, on 26 November 1942.

The next massacre of sick prisoners took place in January 1943. The War Crimes Commission found out, that 50 people were executed on 23 January. Norwegian guards were present at the massacre, and the German crews carried out the executions.


Beisfjord massacre

The Beisfjord massacre () was a massacre on 18 July 1942 in Beisfjord, Norway of 288 political prisoners who were killed at the concentration camp in Beisfjord: ["Beisfjord camp number 1"] "Lager I Beisfjord"

The massacre was ordered a few days earlier by the "Reichskommissar" for Norway Josef Terboven.

La Cañada Flintridge, California

La Cañada Flintridge is a city in California.

Attorney General's Office (United Kingdom)

The Attorney General's Office (AGO) provides legal advice and support to the Attorney General and the Solicitor General (the Law Officers) who give legal advice to the British Government. The AGO helps the Law Officers perform other duties in the public interest, such as looking at sentences which may be too low.

Immaculate Conception

The Immaculate Conception is the Catholic doctrine which says that Mary, the mother of Jesus, was conceived in the womb of her mother, Saint Anne, without original sin. The Catholic Church teaches this because they believe that Jesus, as God, had to be conceived in a mother whose soul was without any kind of sin, since God does not like sin. The Immaculate Conception became official Catholic teaching in 1854, announced by Pope Pius IX. Four years later, people claimed that Mary appeared to a girl named Bernadette in Lourdes, France, and that Mary told Bernadette: "I am the Immaculate Conception."

The Immaculate Conception does not mean the conception of Jesus in the womb of his mother Mary. This is correctly called the Incarnation.

The Feast of the Immaculate Conception is celebrated on December 8 each year.

Planes: Fire &amp; Rescue

Planes: Fire & Rescue (also known as Planes 2: Fire & Rescue or simply Planes 2) is an American movie that was released on July 18, 2014. It is a sequel to the 2013 movie "Planes", a spin-off of Pixar's "Cars" franchise. The movie was produced by DisneyToon Studios. This movie stars Dane Cook, Julie Bowen, Ed Harris, Wes Studi, Jerry Stiller, Anne Meara, Fred Willard, Brad Garrett, Dale Dye, Barry Corbin, and Hal Holbrook.


Geoje

Geoje is a city in South Gyeongsang province, just off the coast of the port city of Busan, South Korea. Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering (former Daewoo Shipyard) in Okpo and Samsung Heavy Industries (SHI) in Gohyeon are both located on Geoje Island. The city also offers a wide range of tourist sights. The city is made up of a number of islands, of which by far the largest is Geoje Island. There are multiple
dong in the city: Jangpyeongdong, Okpo-dong and Gohyeon.

Wilfried (singer)

Wilfried (Wilfried Scheutz; 24 June 1950 – 16 July 2017) was an Austrian singer-songwriter and actor. He was born in Bad Goisern am Hallstättersee, Austria. He was known for representing Austria in the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest with his song "Lisa Mona Lisa". He was also an actor with his best known role was in "Hilde, das Dienstmädchen" (1986).

Wilfried died in Lilienfeld, Austria on 16 July 2017 from complications of esophageal cancer at the age of 67.


Renault Magnum

The Renault Magnum is a truck that was built by Renault Véhicules Industriels and then Renault Trucks from 1990 to 2013. The Magnum was available as a semi and rigid truck.

Galeras

Galeras (Urcunina among the 16th-century native people) is an Andean stratovolcano in the Colombian department of Nariño, near the departmental capital Pasto. Its peak rises above sea level. It has erupted many times since the Spanish conquest. Its first historical eruption was recorded on December 7, 1580. A 1993 eruption killed nine people, including six scientists who had gone down into the volcano's crater to take samples of gases and measure gravity in an attempt to be able to predict future eruptions. It is currently the most active volcano in Colombia.

Galeras has been an active volcano for at least a million years. Its dominant product is andesite, an igneous rock . Two major caldera-forming eruptions have occurred: the first was about 560,000 years ago in an eruption which expelled about of material. The second was some time between 40,000 and 150,000 years ago, in a smaller but still sizable eruption of of material. Since that second eruption, part of the caldera wall has collapsed, possibly due to instabilities caused by hydrothermal (high-temperature water) activity, and later eruptions have built up a smaller cone inside the now horseshoe-shaped caldera.

In light of its violent eruptive history and proximity to the 450,000 people of Pasto, Galeras was designated a "Decade Volcano" in 1991. This identified it as a target for detailed study as part of the United Nations' "International Decade for Natural Disaster Reduction".

Galeras is considered the most active volcano in Colombia, followed by Nevado del Ruiz. Its earliest activity during the Holocene has been dated at 7050 BC ± 1000 years through radiocarbon dating. Other eruptions similar to this event include those in 3150 BC ± 200 years, 2580 BC ± 500 years, 1160 BC ± 300 years, 490 BC ± 100 years, and in 890 AD ± 200 years. Typically these eruptions consist of a central vent explosion, conducive to an explosive eruption causing pyroclastic flows and/or lahars. Eruptions in more recent times, which have been recorded consist of those in 1535, December 1580, July 1616, 1641, 1670, 1754, November 1796, June 1823, October 1828, 1834, October 1865, July 1889, 1891, December 1923, October 1924, October 1932, February 1936, July 1947, January 1950, 1974, February 1989, January 1990, January 1993, March 2000, June 2002, July 2004, November 2005, and October 2007. Reported incidents with no official proof occurred in 1836, 1930, 1933, and 1973.

Galeras became active again in 1988 after 10 years of dormancy.

A Decade Volcano conference in the city of Pasto, in 1993, ended in disaster when several of the scientists present mounted an impromptu (unscheduled) expedition on 14 January to the crater of Galeras. An eruption occurred unexpectedly while they were at the summit (highest point), resulting in the deaths of six scientists and three tourists.

Elements in the media made the event controversial. They suggested that the expedition leader, geologist Stanley Williams, who survived along with four others, had ignored safety procedures. A prediction had been made three days before the eruption, based on B-Type activity seen on a seismograph. Seismic B-types had been used successfully to predict eruptions on other volcanoes. However, the prediction was based simply on the one seismographic printout viewed in the light of previous history of Galeras, without any additional scientific measurements showing any serious activity within the volcano.

Activity at a low level has continued at Galeras. Small explosions occasionally cause ash to fall on nearby villages and towns. The volcano has continued to be well-studied, and predictions of eruptions at the volcano have improved. One phenomenon, which seems to be a reliable precursor to eruptive activity, is a low-frequency seismic event known as a "tornillo event". These have occurred before about eighty percent (80%) of the explosions at Galeras, and the number of tornillo events recorded before an eruption is also correlated with the size of the eruption that followed.

More than 100 minor tremors were felt during a major eruption in April 2002, although no damage or injury was reported. An eruption in November 2005 forced an evacuation of the dangerous area surrounding the volcano, and about 9,400 people from nearby villages (most of them farmers) were ordered to leave. The city of Pasto, about from the volcano, was blanketed by a layer of ash after the volcanic explosion, forcing the residents to put on goggles and face masks.

Numerous minor tremors and ash emissions since March 2006 culminated on 12 July 2006 in three explosive eruptions, producing an ash and gas column reaching an altitude of . Rock falls and pyroclastic flows were reported from towns as distant as Consacá, west of the main crater. The Colombian government has repeatedly ordered evacuations to temporary shelters, of more than 8500 people residing in the highest risk areas surrounding the volcano, with hopes of eventual assistance toward permanent relocation.

On January 17, 2008, the volcano erupted around 20:06 (local) (01:06 UTC). There were no immediate reports of injuries or serious property damage. Later the experts confirmed partial damage in the national and local TV towers.

Then, on February 14, 2009, the volcano erupted around 19:10 (local) (00:10 UTC). Some 8,000 residents were evacuated, and there were no immediate reports of injuries or serious property damage. As in 2005, the city of Pasto was blanketed by a layer of ash after the volcanic explosion (due to the direction of the wind). The local authorities ordered two water treatment plants near Galeras to shut down.

On March 13, 2009, Galeras erupted twice: at around 15:55 and 17:00 (local time). Ash fell on Pasto and some other towns near the volcano. The city and towns' evacuation was ordered, but reportedly ignored. No injuries or damage were reported.

The volcano erupted on January 3, 2010, forcing the evacuation of 8,000 people. This was the tenth such eruption of the volcano in the previous year, and the first of 2010. Colombian authorities also stated that it could remain volatile in the weeks to come.

Galeras erupted again on August 25, 2010, with an ash plume visible in the air. The eruption, which was described as non-explosive, caused authorities to raise an alert for neighbouring towns.

This volcano is monitored by the Deep Earth Carbon Degassing Project.



Shigeaki Hinohara

Shigeaki Hinohara (日野原 重明) (Shigeaki Hibara; October 4, 1911 – July 18, 2017) was a Japanese physician. He was known for working at St. Luke's International Hospital where he served as honorary director. He was also Sophia University's grief Care Institute director emeritus. He was honorary chairman of the Foundation Sasakawa Memorial Health Cooperation.

Hinohara was born in Yoshiki District, Yamaguchi Prefecture. 

Hinohara became an honorary member of the Japanese Cardiovascular Society and received the Second Prize and the Order of Culture. He was honored by Kyoto Imperial University, Thomas Jefferson University and by McMaster University by receiving an honorary doctorate.

Hinohara died of congestive heart failure on July 18, 2017 in Tokyo at the age of 105.


Ottawa County, Kansas

Ottawa County (standard abbreviation: OT) is a county in the U.S. state of Kansas. As of the 2020 census, 5,735 people lived there. The largest city and county seat is Minneapolis.

On February 27, 1860, Ottawa County was founded. It was named for the Odawa tribe.

The U.S. Census Bureau says that the county has a total area of . Of that is land and (0.08%) is water.

The Solomon River is the longest river in the county, entering from Cloud County to the northwest and exiting to Saline County to the southeast. The Saline River traverses the southwestern part of the county, going from Lincoln County to Saline County.

The largest lake is Ottawa State Fishing Lake, a reservoir to the east of Minneapolis. It is managed by the Kansas Department of Wildlife and Parks.


Ottawa County is part of the Salina, KS Micropolitan Statistical Area.




Ottawa County is divided into twenty townships. The city of Minneapolis is considered governmentally independent and is excluded from the census figures for the townships. In the following table, the population center is the largest city (or cities) included in that township's population total, if it is of a significant size.


Harvey Atkin

Harvey Atkin (December 18, 1942 – July 17, 2017) was a Canadian actor and voice actor. He has worked in feature movies and television. He has also done voice-overs, and has voiced animations. He was born in Toronto, Ontario. He was known for his role as Judge Alan Ridenour in a recurring role on the television drama "", a role he also played in "" and "Law & Order". He appeared in 95 episodes of "Cagney & Lacey" as Sergeant Ronald Coleman.

Atkin was also known for voicing Bowser Koopa in several Mario Bros. television series in the late 1980s and 1990s.

Atkin died on July 17, 2017 in Toronto of lung cancer at the age of 74.


Gustavo Alessandri Valdés

Gustavo Alessandri Valdés (30 April 1929 – 18 July 2017) was a Chilean politician and lawyer. He was born in Santiago de Chile. He served as Mayor of Central Commune of Santiago de Chile from 1987 through 1989. He served as MP from 1961 through 1965, again from 1969 through 1971, and once more from 1998 to 2002. He was a member of the National Renewal Party from 1987 until his death in 2017.

Valdés died on 18 July 2017 in Santiago de Chile from complications of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 88.


Buddy Wolfe

Les Wolff (April 11, 1941 – July 11, 2017) was an American football player and professional wrestler. He was known by his ring name "Beautiful" Buddy Wolfe, who competed in North American regional promotions including the American Wrestling Association, National Wrestling Alliance and the World Wide Wrestling Federation during the 1970s and 80s. He was trained by Verne Gagne.

Wolfe was born in Blue Earth, Minnesota. 

Wolfe found his greatest success as the tag team partner of Don Jardine wrestling as the second incarnation of The Spoilers in the Tri-State territory. He was one of several men to team with Jardine as Spoiler #2, twice winning the NWA United States Tag Team Championship during the early 1970s. 

Wolff later formed a tag team with "Luscious" Larry Heinimi who together were considered one of the top ""heel"" tag teams in the Midwest United States during the mid-1970s.

Wolfe died in Hackensack, Minnesota of complications from dementia on July 11, 2017 at the age of 76.

Ben's Cat

Ben's Cat (April 17, 2006 – July 18, 2017) was an American Thoroughbred racehorse. He was born in Maryland. He won multiple stakes races, including six victories in the Mister Diz Stakes and five in the Jim McKay Turf Sprint. He was a four-time Maryland-bred horse of the year.

Ben's Cat was retired in June 2017 with a record of 32 wins from 63 starts and earnings of over $2.6 million.

Ben's Cat suffered a serious case of colic, requiring surgery on July 6, 2017 for an epiploic foramen entrapment. He suffered from severe surgical complications and was euthanized on July 18, 2017 in a farm in Maryland. He was 11 years old.

Ontario, California

Ontario is a city of California in the United States. It is 35 miles east of downtown Los Angeles.

Ontario, Ohio

Ontario is a city in Richland County, Ohio in the United States. In 2020, there were 6,656 people living in Ontario.

Dimmit County, Texas

Dimmit County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 8,615 people lived there. The county seat is Carrizo Springs.

Theridiidae

Theridiidae, also known as the tangle-web spiders, cobweb spiders and comb-footed spiders, is a large family of araneomorph spiders first described by Carl Jakob Sundevall in 1833.

Ellis County, Texas

Ellis County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 192,455 people lived there. The county seat is Waxahachie.

Ellis County has a total area of 952 square miles.

El Paso County, Texas

El Paso County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 865,657 people lived there. The county seat is El Paso.

Erath County, Texas

Erath County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 42,545 people lived there. The county seat is Stephanville.

Falls County, Texas

Falls County is a county in the U.S. state of Texas. In 2020, 16,968 people lived there. The county seat is Marlin.

Praying (Kesha song)

"Praying" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Kesha, for her third studio album, "Rainbow". The song was written by Kesha along with Andrew Joslyn, Ben Abraham, and Ryan Lewis, known for his work with rapper Macklemore. The song is different from her other songs. Instead of having the dance-pop and electropop styles that Kesha is known for, "Praying" is a ballad.

The lyrics talk about an abuser, and the main character states, "I hope you're somewhere praying." Some critics have said that the song is directed towards Dr. Luke, Kesha's former producer and former owner of Kemosabe Records.

The song entered the top 20 of the charts in Australia and Canada and the top 30 in the UK and US.

The video was directed by Jonas Åkerlund.

Benjamin Flores Jr.

Benjamin Flores Jr, (born July 23, 2002 in Memphis, Tennessee) is an American actor. He is best known for his lead role as Louie Preston in "The Haunted Hathaways", and also as Triple G in the Nickelodeon show "Game Shakers".


Tommy Wiseau

Tommy Wiseau () is an American actor and filmmaker. He produced and directed "The Room" (2003). It has been described by many critics as "one of the worst movies ever made". 

Wiseau also directed the 2004 documentary "Homeless in America" and the 2015 sitcom "The Neighbors".

Summit County, Ohio

Summit County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 540,428 people lived there. The county seat is Akron.

Bellerive, Switzerland

Bellerive is a former municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

On 1 July 2011, the former municipalities of Bellerive, Chabrey, Constantine, Montmagny, Mur, Vallamand and Villars-le-Grand merged into the new municipality of Vully-les-Lacs.

Bellerive, Cotterd, Salavaux and Vallamand-Dessous.


Villars-le-Grand

Villars-le-Grand is a former municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

On 1 July 2011 the former municipalities of Bellerive, Chabrey, Constantine, Montmagny, Mur, Vallamand and Villars-le-Grand merged into the new municipality of Vully-les-Lacs.

Vully-les-Lacs

Vully-les-Lacs is a municipality in the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.
The municipality was created on July 1, 2011 merger of the former municipalities of Bellerive, Constantine, Chabrey, Montmagny, Mur, Vallamand and Villars-le-Grand.

Salavaux, Cotterd, Bellerive, Constantine, Chabrey, Montmagny, Mur, Vallamand, Vallamand-Dessous and Villars-le-Grand.


Cudrefin

Cudrefin is a municipality in Switzerland. It is in Vaud canton. On 1 January 2002, Champmartin is a part of the municipality of Cudrefin.


Hamilton, Ohio

Hamilton is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Butler County.

Middletown, Ohio

Middletown is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is in Butler and Warren counties.

Lebanon, Ohio

Lebanon is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is the county seat of Warren County.

It is the home of Jeff Stacey, who was caught trying to have sex with an underage girl in a sting by Dateline NBC.

Warren County, Ohio

Warren County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 242,337 people lived there. The county seat of Lebanon.

Salt, Girona

Salt is a municipality in the "comarca" of the Gironès and autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain. It is on the right bank of the Ter next to Girona, with which it was merged from 1974 to 1984. The A-7 "autopista" and N-141 road pass through the municipality.

Ter (river)

The Ter is a Spanish river. It is long. It runs through the comarques of Ripollès, Osona, Selva, Gironès, and Baix Empordà. It ends at the Mediterranean Sea at l'Estartit.

Lake Sarnen

Lake Sarnen () is a lake in the canton of Obwalden in Switzerland. It is on the Sarner Aa. It flows out of the Lake Lungern, through the Lake Sarnen, and into Lake Lucerne. The municipalities of Sarnen and Sachseln are located on the shores of the lake, and the Brünig railway line follows the eastern shore. The lake has a surface of rouglhy . It is about long, and has a wdth of on average. There are about 20 species of fish in the lake, most are perch, or coregonus, a fish related to the salmon. Sarnen is on the northeastern shore of the Lake.

Drance

The Drance is a river in the canton of Valais
in Switzerland. It is a tributary of the Rhône. The length is . The drainage basin is . It is at the confluence of the Drance de Bagnes and Drance d'Entremont.

Ontario, Oregon

Ontario is a city in Oregon in the United States.

Churwalden

Churwalden () is a municipality in the district of Plessur in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2010, the former municipalities of Malix and Parpan merged into the municipality of Churwalden.



Brunstatt-Didenheim

Brunstatt-Didenheim is a commune of the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. It was incorporated on 1 January 2016 by the combination of the former communes of Brunstatt and Didenheim.

Innerbraz

Innerbraz is a municipality of the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Dürbheim

Dürbheim is a municipality in the district Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg in Germany. The municipality of Dürbheim has the village Dürbheim and the hamlet Risiberg.

Abaokoro

Abaokoro is a settlement in Kiribati. It is about nine nautical miles from Tarawa. It is in the Tarawa Atoll.

Abaokoro Post Office opened on 13 December 1956.

I have an airmail envelope with a void centre datestamp PO Abaokoro / Kiribati, the envelope marked in manuscript O.K.G.S. assumed to be 'on Kiribati Government Service', addressed to the Home Affairs & Rural Development, Bairiki, with an unclear backstamp. I have been involved in philately for over sixty years and have not seen this before. C S H
Dublin, Ohio

Dublin is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is in Franklin, Delaware, and Union counties.

Norwegian Police Service

The police force for Norway, commonly called "politiet", and sometimes called Norwegian police, is formally called Norwegian Police Service (in Norwegian: "Politi- og lensmannsetaten").

The police has 15,483 employees (as of 2016). If one also counts the employees of PST, an intelligence agency, the number of employees is over 16,000.

Eteimbes

Eteimbes is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Datong

Datong () is a city in Shanxi province, People's Republic of China.

The number of inhabitants is 3,318,057, as of the 2010 census.

The city is an important distribution and warehousing center for Shanxi, Hebei and Inner Mongolia.

Honningsvåg

Honningsvåg is a city in the Norwegian county Finnmark. It has 2375 inhabitants (as of 2008).

It became a city in 1996.

Tik Tok

"Tik Tok" (styled "TiK ToK") is the first solo single by American singer-songwriter Kesha. It is from her first studio album, "Animal". The song topped charts worldwide, including countries like the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, and the United States, where it was the best-performing song of 2010. It is Kesha's second single after the number-one single "Right Round" by rapper Flo Rida; her vocals are not credited on this song.

Jean-Denis Bredin

Jean-Denis Bredin (17 May 1929 – 1 September 2021) was a French attorney. He was known for being the founding partner of the firm Bredin Prat. He was a member of the Académie française. He was elected on 15 June 1989.

Bredin died on 1 September 2021 in Paris, aged 92.

Gabriel de Broglie

Gabriel-Marie-Joseph-Anselme de Broglie-Revel (born 21 April 1931) is a French historian and politician.

Broglie-Revel was elected to the Académie française in 2001. He replaced Alain Peyrefitte. He is a Knight Commander of the Légion d'honneur. He is a distant relative of the ducs de Broglie.


Unstad

Unstad is a village in Norway's municipality of Vestvågøy. The village is on the isle of Vestvågøya.

The village's beach, Unstad Beach, has been used for surfing since 1963.


Marc Fumaroli

Marc Fumaroli (10 June 1932 in Marseille – 24 June 2020 in Paris), is a French historian and essayist. Fumaroli was elected to the Académie française on 2 March 1995 and became its Director. He is also a member of the Académie des Inscriptions, the sister academy. 

Following his appointment to a chair in Seventeenth Century Studies at the University of Paris-IV, La Sorbonne (1980), he was elected to a Chair in Rhetoric and Society in Europe (16th and 17th century) at the Collège de France. He held it from 1986 to 2002, until mandatory retirement, and is now an emeritus professor.

Fumaroli is known for the revival of Rhetoric as field of study of European culture, in a sharp move away from both structuralism and post-modernism. His pioneering work remains "L'Age De l'Eloquence" (1980). This massive work redrew the map of rhetorical scholarship across Europe. Fumaroli was also a member of the University of Chicago's Committee on Social Thought.

Fumaroli was killed in a car crash in Paris on 24 June 2020, aged 88.

Fumaroli is a recipient of the prestigious Balzan Prize, the "Nobel" of the humanities (in 2001). He is a foreign member of the British Academy and of the American Philosophical Society.


Jean d'Ormesson

Jean Bruno Wladimir François de Paule Le Fèvre d'Ormesson (16 June 1925 – 5 December 2017) was a French novelist. His work mostly was made up of partially or totally autobiographic novels.

On 18 October 1973, he was elected a member of the Académie française, taking seat 12, following the death of Jules Romains. On the death of Claude Lévi-Strauss on 30 October 2009, he became the Dean of the "Académie", its longest-serving member until his death in 2017. He was also a Grand Officer of the Legion of Honour. 

In 2010, he was awarded the Ovid Prize.

On 5 December 2017, d'Ormesson died in Neuilly-sur-Seine, at the age of 92.


Hélène Carrère d'Encausse

Hélène Carrère d'Encausse (born Hélène Zourabichvili; 6 July 1929 – 5 August 2023) was a French historian. She was the permanent secretary of the Académie française. She was a well known historian, specializing in Russian history. She was a recipient of Lomonosov Gold Medal in 2008.

Carrère d'Encausse was born in Paris. She was a graduate of the elite Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris ("Sciences Po").

She was elected to seat 14 of the Académie française in 1990, and her academician's sword was made by the sculptor Goudji. She became permanent secretary on 21 October 1999. Even though she was the first woman in a leading role at the Académie Française, she insisted on using the masculine form as her title.

In her book "L'Empire éclaté" published in 1978 she predicted the fall of the Soviet Union.

She was awarded Grand Cross with Star of the Order of Merit of the Republic of Poland (2011).

Carrère d'Encausse died in Paris on 5 August 2023, at the age of 94.

Michel Serres

Michel Serres (1 September 1930 – 1 June 2019) was a French philosopher and author. In 1990, Serres was elected to the Académie française, in recognition of his position as one of France's most prominent intellectuals. He serves as a Professor of French at Stanford University.

Serres was a vocal supporter for freely accessible knowledge, especially Wikipedia.

Serres died on 1 June 2019 at the age of 88.


René de Obaldia

René de Obaldia (22 October 1918 – 27 January 2022) was a French playwright and poet. He was elected to the Académie française on 24 June 1999. He began his career in 1960. His first major play, "Génousie," was presented at the Théâtre national populaire.

This was followed by "Le Satyre de la Villette", with André Barsacq at the Théâtre de l'Atelier, a comedy which ranked him with his literary forebears Jacques Audiberti, Ionesco, Beckett. He has been, for more than fifty years, one of the most-produced French playwrights on the planet, as well as the most internationally renowned (having been translated into 28 languages).

In 1985 he was awarded the Grand Prix du Théâtre de l’Académie Française.

De Obaldia died in Paris on 27 January 2022, at the age of 103.


Ethyl iodide

Ethyl iodide (also called iodoethane) is a colorless and flammable chemical compound. It has the chemical formula CHI. It is prepared by heating ethanol with iodine and phosphorus.

Harshad number

In mathematics, a harshad number (also known as a Niven number) is an integer that is divisible by the sum of its digits in a given base. A harshad number in base n is called an n-harshad number. 

Pierre Rosenberg

Pierre Max Rosenberg (born 13 April 1936 in Paris) is a French art historian, curator, and professor. Rosenberg is the honorary president a director of the Musée du Louvre in Paris, and since 1995, he has held the 23rd seat of the Académie française. He was Slade Professor of Fine Art at the University of Cambridge in 1987.


TG Norba 24

TG Norba 24 is an Italian television channel. It is a 24-hour channel that only shows news. The channel is owned by Gruppo Norba.

The channel's format shows rolling news bulletins. These are updated every 15 minutes. It broadcasts live from 5am to midnight.


Dominique Fernandez

Dominique Fernandez (born on 25 August 1929) is a French writer of novels, essays and travel books. Much of his writing explores homosexual experience and creativity. In 1982 he won the Prix Goncourt for his novel about Pier Paolo Pasolini. He was born in Neuilly-sur-Seine, Hauts-de-Seine.

In 2007, he was elected a member of the Académie française.

Pierre Nora

Pierre Nora (born 17 November 1931) is a French historian. He was elected to the Académie française on 7 June 2001. He is known for his work on French identity and memory. His name is associated with the study of new history. He is the brother of the late Simon Nora, former French officer.

From 1965 to 1977 he was first assistant and then lecturer at the "Institut d'Études Politiques de Paris" (Paris Institute of Political Science). Since 1977 he has been the director of studies at the "École des hautes études en sciences sociales" (School of higher studies in social sciences).


François Cheng

François Cheng (, born 30 August 1929) is a Chinese-born French academician, writer, poet and calligrapher. He is the author of essays, novels, collections of poetry and books on art written in the French language, and the translator of some of the great French poets into Chinese.

Born in Nanchang, Jiangxi, China. He became a French citizen in 1973. He was elected to the Académie française in 2002, and was the first person of Asian origin to be a member of the Academy. He was the winner of the 1998 Prix Femina for "Le Dit de Tianyi" (""The Tale of Tianyi"") (pub. Albin Michel, Paris, 1998).


Yves Pouliquen

Yves Pouliquen (born 17 February 1931) is a French physician. His work has been dedicated to the pathology of the cornea.

In 1992, he was made a member of the Académie nationale de médecine. In 1994 he was awarded the Prix mondial Cino Del Duca and on 29 November 2001 he was elected to the Académie française.

Since 2006, he is the president of the Fondation Singer-Polignac.


Max Gallo

Max Gallo (; 7 January 1932 – 18 July 2017) was a French writer, historian and politician.

His parents were Italian immigrants. Gallo's early career was in journalism. At the time he was a Communist (until 1956). In 1974, he joined the Socialist Party. 

On April 26, 2007, he became a candidate to become a member of the Académie française. He was elected to the Académie française on 31 May 2007.

André Lafargue

André Lafargue (2 July 1917 – 18 July 2017) was a French journalist and theatre critic. He turned 100 in July 2017, two weeks before his death. Lafargue began writing for "Paris-Matin", later known as "Ce matin, le pays", in 1947. A year later, he joined the "Parisien libéré", later known as "Le Parisien", in 1948. In the 1970s, he was the founding contributor of the theatre reviews in the newspaper. He retired in 1987.

Lafargue died on 18 July 2017 in Paris at the age of 100.

Andrew Paulson

Andrew Paulson (November 13, 1958 – July 18, 2017) was an American entrepreneur. He was the son of noted American professor Ronald Paulson. His business career was mainly established in Russia.

Shortly after the Russian financial crisis of August 1998, Paulson, together with Anton Kudryashov and Ilya Tsentsiper, founded Afisha, an entertainment and listings magazine that became the cultural touchstone of Moscow and St. Petersburg. In 2006, Paulson with Alexander Mamut founded SUP Media, which became Russia’s largest online media company, consisting of LiveJournal.

Paulson died on July 18, 2017 from lung cancer at the age of 59.

Ronald Paulson

Ronald Paulson (born May 27, 1930) is an American professor of English, a specialist in English 18th-century art and culture, and English artist William Hogarth.

Paulson has taught and held many administrative positions at several universities in the United States, including the University of Illinois from 1959 to 1963 and Rice University from 1963 to 1967. He was the Chairman of the Johns Hopkins University English Department from 1967 to 1975. From 1975 to 1984 he was a professor at Yale University and served as the Director of Graduate Studies in the English Department from 1976 to 1983 and the Director of the British Studies Program from 1976 to 1984.

Paulson was born in Bottineau, North Dakota. He studied at Yale University. His son, Andrew, was a businessman made in Russia. 

He has been a member of the editorial board of the academic journal "ELH: English Literary History" and was senior editor from 1985 to 2004; he served on the editorial boards of the journals "Studies in English Literature"; PMLA; "Eighteenth-Century Studies"; and the Johns Hopkins University Press.

María Amuchástegui

María Amuchástegui (16 January 1953 – 19 July 2017) was an Argentine television fitness instructor, ballerina, and singer. She was born in Buenos Aires. She became well known in Argentina in the 1980s. Her best known morning fitness shows were "Buen día Salud" and "Buen Día, María", both were made in the 1980s. She was also a singer. Her best known work was the 2006 song "Camino de espejos".

Amuchástegui died in Buenos Aires on 19 July 2017 of a stroke and lung cancer at the age of 64.

Miguel Blesa

Miguel Blesa de la Parra (8 August 1947 – 19 July 2017) was a Spanish banker. He was the chairman of the Spanish bank Caja Madrid from 1996 to 2010. He was born in Linares, Jaén, Spain.

In February 2017, Blesa received a six-year jail term in connection with the misuse of company credit cards. Cards were misused by a number of people, including Blesa himself, during the many years he was chairman of Caja Madrid.

Blesa was found dead on a private hunting estate near Córdoba, Spain on 19 July 2017, with a shotgun wound to the chest at the age of 69.

Jake Butcher

Jacob Franklin Butcher (1936 – July 19, 2017) was an American banker and politician. He built a financial empire in East Tennessee. He was the Democratic Party nominee for governor of Tennessee in 1978. He was known for his promotion of the 1982 World's Fair in Knoxville, Tennessee. He lost his business and his personal fortune after he was found to have engaged in massive fraud.

Butcher died in Atlanta, Georgia on July 19, 2017 at the age of 81.


Sonny West

Sonny West (Delbert West, Jr.; July 5, 1937 – May 24, 2017) was an American actor and stunt performer. He was born in Memphis, Tennessee.

West was known for being a friend and bodyguard of the late singer Elvis Presley with his cousin Red West for sixteen years. He was part of the Elvis entourage at the Elvis Memphis home Graceland, which became known as 'The Memphis Mafia'.

Before and after Elvis' passing, West wrote several books, and made public appearances at Elvis related conventions and gatherings, speaking out on his time working for Presley and their relationship.

West died of lung and oropharyngeal cancer (tonsil cancer) in Hendersonville, Tennessee on May 24, 2017, aged 79.


Oropharyngeal cancer

Oropharyngeal cancer is a disease in which malignant cells form in the tissue of oropharynx. The oropharynx is the middle part of the throat that includes the base of the tongue, the tonsils, the soft palate, and the walls of the pharynx. 

Oropharyngeal cancers can be divided into two types, HPV-positive, which are related to human papillomavirus infection, and HPV-negative cancers, which are usually linked to alcohol or tobacco use.

Blaoui Houari

Blaoui Houari (23 January 1926 – 19 July 2017) was an Algerian singer-songwriter, composer and conductor. During his career, he recorded over 900 songs and released over 100 albums. Houari was born in Oran, Western Algeria, then French Algeria. Houari began his career as a singer-songwriter in the 1940.

During the Algerian War, Houari was arrested by the French army and detained in Sig for his pro-Algerian songs. When Algeria became an independent nation in 1962, he became the head of Oran's public radio and television stations. In 1970, he conducted the Algerian National Orchestra at Expo '70 in Osaka, Japan.

Houari died on 19 July 2017 in Oran of a heart attack at the age of 91.

Venkaiah Naidu

Muppavarapu Venkaiah Naidu, (born 1 July 1949) is an Indian politician. He was the 13th Vice President of India from 11 August 2017 to 11 August 2022. On 5 August 2017, Naidu was elected Vice President of India with 67.89% of the votes. 

Naidu served as the Minister of Housing and Urban Poverty Alleviation, Urban Development and Information and Broadcasting in the Narendra Modi cabinet. A well known leader of the Bharatiya Janata Party, he has also served as its national president from 2002 to 2004. Earlier, he was the Union Cabinet Minister for Rural Development in the Atal Bihari Vajpayee government.

Alexei Leonov

Alexei Arkhipovich Leonov (Алексе́й Архи́пович Лео́нов) (30 May 1934 – 11 October 2019) was a Soviet/Russian cosmonaut, Air Force Major general, writer and artist. On 18 March 1965, he became the first human to conduct extravehicular activity (EVA), exiting the capsule during the Voskhod 2 mission for a 12-minute spacewalk. He was born in Listvyanka, West Siberian Krai, Soviet Union.

Leonov died on 11 October 2019 from diabetes-related problems. He was 85. He was the last survivor of the cosmonauts in the Voskhod programme.


Self-driving car

A driver less car (also called autonomous car or self-driving car or self-driving vehicle, i.e. self-operating) is a vehicle that can perform certain tasks on its own, without the help of a human driver. The car uses sensors to analyze its environment, and doesn't need a human's help for certain tasks. These tasks commonly include parking the car, driving while keeping the same lane on a highway or driving at a predefined speed. In public places, certain buses have been programmed to travel a given route. As of 2021, self-driving cars have been used in controlled environments more and more. An example of this might be buses that transfer passengers between airport terminals.

Typical sensors used by a self-driving vehicle include lidar, digital cameras, GPS and IMU.

High-definition maps can be used to accurately locate a self-driving vehicle in a place, and to give information about parts of a road not seen by the car.

Even though it is technically possible to build cars that do certain things on their own, the question whether it should be done is different. Ethical questions include:


Even though these vehicles can already do a lot on their own, the laws of most countries still require that a driver is present. In many cases, self-driving buses also need a special permit from the government.

If a motor vehicle produces an accident, there always is the question of who is responsible, to determine what damages need to be paid. This also applies to self-driving vehicles: A self-driving vehicle is like a robot: Software is used for the driving. This software relies on a number of sensors to take decisions. Determining what went wrong in the case of an accident can be very difficult. This includes the question of who is legally responsible.

Guru Amar Das

Guru Amar Das (5 May 1479 – 1 September 1574) was the third of the Ten Gurus of Sikhism. He became Sikh Guru on 26 March 1552 at age 73.

Pak Beng Dam

The Pak Beng Dam is a project to build a hydroelectric power plant and a dam on the Mekong river - inside Laos. Construction is scheduled to start in 2022, says website NS Energy.

As of November 2020, Laos is doing evaluations on potential (or possible) impact on the environment; at the same time Laos has [temporarily delayed, or] suspended the project [or other work on the project], media said in January 2021.

Laos "has already begun preparatory work for the 912-megawatt Pak Beng dam in the northern province of Oudomxay, according to an article in Seattle Times in 2016.

The project is going to be funded by the Chinese company, Datang Overseas Investment.

In 2021, a court of appeal in Thailand rejected an appeal for petition against the dam.

Previously, people living in eight Thai provinces along the Mekong River have been suing [since June 2017] state agencies [in Thailand] because they say that there wasn't enough public participation in planning for the Pak Beng hydropower dam, which is being built by Laos.

Canadian River

Canadian River is a tributary of the Arkansas River.

Cimarron River

Cimarron River is a river in Arkansas River.

Salt Fork Arkansas River

Salt Fork Arkansas River is a river in Arkansas River.

Dunderland (concentration camp)

Dunderland was a Nazi concentration camp in Norway during World War Two. It was located in Dunderlandsdalen (a valley) in Rana. The prison camp had had 481 prisoners in May 1945; The purpose of the camp was for the prisoners to do forced labor on the Nordland Line.

In 2017, the remains of the concentration camp were ordered to be preserved; the order came from a government agency:Directorate for Cultural Heritage.

On 14 May 1945, a medical doctor (Dag Fodstad) wrote in a report, "477 Russians, of which 330 are sick, 40 of them have tuberculosis, many with oedema, 100 are strongly fatigued".


Perambalur district

Perambalur district is an administrative district in the state of Tamil Nadu, India. The district headquarters is located at Perambalur. The district occupies an area of 1,752 km². 565,223 people lived there with 1,003 females for every 1,000 males in 2011.

Perambalur district is a centrally located inland district of Tamil Nadu. It was trifurcated (thrice-divided) from Tiruchirappalli district and was formed on 1 November 1995. The district is bounded by Cuddalore district in the north, Tiruchirappalli district in the south, Ariyalur in the east and Namakkal and Tiruchirappalli districts in the west.

According to the 2011 census, the sex-ratio of 1,003 females for every 1,000 males was much above the national average of 929. A total of 59,567 were under the age of six, 31,135 males and 28,432 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 31.01% and .46% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the district was 66.49%, compared to the national average of 72.99%. The district had a total of 149,243 households. There were a total of 299,726 workers, comprising 107,542 cultivators, 91,135 main agricultural labourers, 4,365 in household industries, 52,055 other workers, 44,629 marginal workers, 9,762 marginal cultivators, 27,143 marginal agricultural labourers, 978 marginal workers in household industries and 6,746 other marginal workers.

Perambalur

Perambalur is a municipality town in the state of Tamil Nadu . It is the administrative headquarters of Perambalur district and Perambalur Taluk (Sub-District). Perambalur is the central town of Tamil Nadu. Perambalur district is bounded on the North by Cuddalore and Salem, South by Trichy, East by Ariyalur, West by Trichy and Salem. As of 2011 census, the town had a population of 49,648. There are a set of 11th century Buddhists images around the villages of Perambalur called Perambalur Buddhas.
According to 2011 census, Perambalur had a population of 49,648 with a sex-ratio of 1,013 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. A total of 5,190 were under the age of six, constituting 2,678 males and 2,512 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 29.43% and .29% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the town was 80.77%, compared to the national average of 72.99%. The town had a total of 12732 households. There were a total of 18,430 workers, comprising 998 cultivators, 1,746 main agricultural labourers, 364 in house hold industries, 13,762 other workers, 1,560 marginal workers, 49 marginal cultivators, 390 marginal agricultural labourers, 78 marginal workers in household industries and 1,043 other marginal workers. As per the religious census of 2011, Perambalur had 86.94% Hindus, 9.29% Muslims, 3.6% Christians, 0.01% Sikhs, 0.01% Buddhists, 0.0% Jains, 0.12% following other religions and 0.03% following no religion or did not indicate any religious preference.

Perambalur taluk

Perambalur taluk is a taluk of Perambalur district in Tamil Nadu, India. Its headquarters is the town of Perambalur. Perambalur taluk comprises the town of Perambalur and 27 revenue villages.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Perambalur had a population of 161,993 with 81,313 males and 80,680 females. There were 992 women for every 1000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 73.87. Child population in the age group below 6 was 7,704 males and 7,054 females.

Ariyalur district

The Ariyalur District is an administrative district in the state of Tamil Nadu in India. The district headquarters is at Ariyalur. The district area is 1,949.31 km² and population was 752,481 at the 2011 census.

Ariyalur is noted for its cement industries and has huge reserves of lignite. Gangaikonda Cholapuram built by the King Rajendra Cholan of Chola Empire, an UNESCO World Heritage site is in the district. This district is also known for its rich prehistoric fossils. Many fossils of gigantic Molluscs, Jawed fishes were discovered here. Notably, The Rajasaurus, an Indian dinosaur genus was identified here.

According to the 2011 census Ariyalur district has a population of 752,481, roughly equal to the nation of Guyana or the U.S. state of Alaska. This gives it a ranking of 491st in India (out of a total of 640). The district has a population density of 387 inhabitants per square kilometre (1,000/sq mi). Its population growth rate over the decade 2001-2011 was 8.19%.As of 2011 it is the third least populous district of Tamil Nadu (out of 32), after Perambalur and Nilgiris.

The district became famous in 2008, when theft of 8 idols were discovered from a 9th-century Chola Brahadeeswarar Temple at gangai konda cholapuram was discovered by Archaeological Survey of India(ASI) Government of India officials. One of these idols, the Sripuranthan Natarajan Idol found its way to the National Gallery of Australia. Two of the stolen statues were later returned and are now displayed in the Government Museum at Kumbakonam.

Ariyalur

Ariyalur is a town and district headquarters of Ariyalur district in the South Indian state of Tamil Nadu and rich lime stone and surrounded with five cement factory and two suger factory. It is the smallest district headquarters in Tamil Nadu. The town is a part of the fertile Cauvery Delta and the major profession in the town is agriculture.

Ariyalur is administered by a municipality established in 1994. As of 2011, the municipality covered an area of 7.62 km2 (2.94 sq mi) and had a population of 28,902. Ariyalur comes under the Ariyalur assembly constituency which elects a member to the Tamil Nadu Legislative Assembly once every five years and it is a part of the Chidambaram constituency which elects its Member of Parliament (MP) once in five years. 

According to 2011 census, Ariyalur had a population of 28,902 with a sex-ratio of 1,014 females for every 1,000 males, much above the national average of 929. A total of 2,977 were under the age of six, constituting 1,538 males and 1,439 females. Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes accounted for 11.26% and .03% of the population respectively. The average literacy of the town was 76.04%, compared to the national average of 72.99%. The town had a total of : 7319 households. There were a total of 10,283 workers, comprising 315 cultivators, 670 main agricultural labourers, 298 in house hold industries, 7,165 other workers, 1,835 marginal workers, 159 marginal cultivators, 175 marginal agricultural labourers, 150 marginal workers in household industries and 1,351 other marginal workers. As of 2008, there were a total of eight notified slums, with 5,907 comprising 21% of the total population residing in those. As per the religious census of 2011, Ariyalur had 90.55% Hindus, 4.61% Muslims, 3.81% Christians, 0.02% Sikhs, 0.01% Buddhists, 0.01% Jains, 0.97% following other religions and 0.01% following no religion or did not indicate any religious preference.

Ariyalur taluk

Ariyalur taluk is a taluk of Ariyalur district of the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The headquarters of the taluk is the town of Ariyalur.

According to the 2011 census, the taluk of Ariyalur had a population of 255,749 with 126,931 males and 128,818 females. There were 1,015 women for every 1,000 men. The taluk had a literacy rate of 64.54. Child population in the age group below 6 was 13,812 males and 12,795 females.

Nathan Arenas

Nathan Alejandro Arenas (born September 30, 2005) is an American child actor. He auditioned for his very first role ever, like co-star Nina Lu, in the Disney Channel series "BUNK'D" (a spinoff of "Jessie") as Jorge. He also played Robbie in the ABC Studios TV series "Criminal Minds" and Danny in the Disney+ series Diary of a Future President. Arenas is of Mexican descent.

Ulfberht

Ulfberht is a transcription of «+VLFBERH+T», and has become the name of some swords found from the 8th century to the 11th century.

Around 170 swords have been found, that have the phrase «+VLFBERH+T», or variations of that, built into the sword. Perhaps «+VLFBERH+T» is a trademark or a family name.


Kenneth Jay Lane

Kenneth Jay Lane (April 22, 1932 – July 20, 2017) was an American costume jewelry designer. He was born in Detroit, Michigan. Lane started designing jewelry and launched his business in 1963 whilst producing bejeweled footwear for Dior and Arnold Scaasi. In 1966 Lane was awarded a special Coty Award for his jewelry design. He also won the Neiman Marcus Fashion Award in 1968.

Lane died in his sleep at his Manhattan apartment on July 20, 2017 at the age of 85.


José Bragato

José Bragato (12 October 1915 – 18 July 2017) was an Italian-born Argentine cellist, composer, conductor, arranger and musical archivist. He was born in Udine, Italy.

In his early career, was principal cellist in the Colón Theatre orchestra in Buenos Aires, Argentina. Apart from his involvement in classical music he also performed for many years in a number of Ástor Piazzolla's "Nuevo tango" (New tango) ensembles where his cello solos, which had never before featured in tango, put him in the vanguard of "Nuevo tango" from its birth in the 1950s. Since then he has done numerous and varied arrangements of Piazzolla's compositions.

Bragato died on 18 July 2017 in Buenos Aires at the age of 101.


Michel Aurillac

Michel Aurillac (11 July 1928 – 6 July 2017) was a French lawyer, politician and author. He served as a member of the National Assembly for Indre from 1978 to 1981, and in 1986. He was the Minister of Cooperation from 1986 to 1988. He won the 1987 Prix Narcisse Michaut from the Académie française.

Aurillac died on 6 July 2017 in Indre, France at the age of 88.

Ralph Regula

Ralph Straus Regula (December 3, 1924 — July 19, 2017) was an American politician. He served as the United States Representative for Ohio's 16th congressional district from 1973 to 2009. He retired in January 2009 after 18 consecutive terms. He was a member of the Republican Party. 

In the 110th Congress (2007–2009), he was the second longest serving Republican member of the House of Representatives (after Bill Young of Florida).

Regula died in Bethlehem Township, Stark County, Ohio on July 19, 2017 at the age of 92.

Links formerly displayed via the CongLinks template:

Marco Aurélio Garcia

Marco Aurélio Garcia, (22 June 1941 – 20 July 2017) was a Brazilian politician. He was a member of the Workers' Party (Partido dos Trabalhadores). He was a Professor of Latin American History on leave from UNICAMP University and a left idealist. He was previously professor at the Latin American Social Science Faculty of the University of Chile and of the Paris-VIII and Paris-X universities. He was born in Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil.

Aurélio Garcia died on 20 July 2017 in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil of a heart attack, aged 76.

John McCluskey, Baron McCluskey

John Herbert McCluskey, Baron McCluskey (12 June 1929 – 20 July 2017) was a Scottish lawyer, judge and politician. He served as Solicitor General for Scotland, the country's junior Law Officer from 1974 to 1979, and as a Senator of the College of Justice, a judge of Scotland's Supreme Courts, from 1984 to 2004. He was also member of the House of Lords from 1976 until his retirement in 2017.


Jonathan Shurberg

Jonathan Seth Shurberg (March 27, 1963 – July 18, 2017) was an American attorney and community advocate of Jewish descent. He was the 2014 Democratic Party candidate for state delegate. He was a practicing lawyer for over twenty years, and was active in Maryland politics from 2002 until his death.

Over the course of his political career, Shurberg fought for the voting rights of minorities and young people, the civil rights of LGBT individuals, and for pro-choice causes. Shurberg served on the board of Planned Parenthood of Metropolitan Washington, D.C Action Fund, and his 2014 campaign for delegate was endorsed by NARAL Maryland Pro-Choice PAC and Planned Parenthood of Metropolitan Washington, D.C. Action Fund, as well as "The Gazette".

Shurberg died on July 18, 2017 in Silver Spring, Maryland from a long-illness at the age of 54.


Grady Little

William Grady Little (born March 30, 1950) is a former baseball manager. He was the manager of two Major League Baseball teams. He managed the Boston Red Sox in 2002 and 2003, and the Los Angeles Dodgers in 2006 and 2007.


Departments of Uruguay

Uruguay has 19 departments. Each department has an Intendant (similar to a Governor in other countries) elected for a period of 5 years and who is in charge of the public businesses of the department. There is also a Departmental Council ().

 

Animal Jam

Animal Jam is a virtual world made by WildWorks and the National Geographic Society. Many of the players in Animal Jam are children and teenagers. According to the WildWorks website, the game has about 160 million players. Animal Jam is one of the fastest growing children's games in the world. The game is free to play, but to be able to receive all the things Animal Jam has to offer, a membership needs to be purchased online or through a store-purchased gift card.

In Animal Jam, players enjoy many fun events, like playing games, making friends, and decorating their dens and animals. They also learn facts about science, especially in the field of zoology, the study of animals. Animal Jam takes place in a world called Jamaa, and each player is known in the game as a Jammer.


ISO 3166-2:UY

ISO 3166-2:UY is the entry for Uruguay in ISO 3166-2, part of the ISO 3166 standard published by the International Organization for Standardization (ISO), which defines codes for the names of the principal subdivisions (e.g., provinces, departments or states) of all countries that are in ISO 3166-1.

Currently for Uruguay, ISO 3166-2 codes are defined for the 19 departments.

Each code has of two parts, separated by a hyphen. The first part is , the second part is two letters.

Subdivision names are listed as in the ISO 3166-2 standard published by the ISO 3166 Maintenance Agency (ISO 3166/MA).



Heukseok Station

Heukseok(Chung-Ang University) Station is a train station of Seoul Subway Line 9, in Dongjak District, Seoul, South Korea.

When deciding station name of Line 9, Chung-Ang Univeristy, located near Heukseok Station, suggested the station name as "Chung-Ang University Station"() or "Chung-Ang University·Heukseok Station"(), but station name is decided as "Heukseok Station".

Later, Seoul Government changed that decision, and add "Chung-Ang University" in station name. So, final station name is decided as "Heukseok (Chung-Ang University)" ().


Station has 2 side platforms, 2 tracks.

Data of 2009 is calculated from July 24 (First Opened) ~ December 31.

Graphic pejoratives in written Chinese

Some Chinese characters for non-Chinese people were racist insults where the words themselves were not the insults, but the characters chosen to write them were. These characters chosen to racially insult people are called graphic pejoratives. 

An example of this is the name of the Yao people. The name of the Yao people, who are native to southwest China and Vietnam, used to be written as 猺 ("Yáo"), which means "jackal". However, when China made language reforms in the 20th century, the name of the Yao people was changed to 瑶, which has the exact same pronunciation, but the character means "jade". 

Another example is Japan's original name. Before Japan chose its own name, the Chinese called the Japanese 倭 ("Wō"), which is pronounced "Wa" in Japanese and it means "dwarf; subservience". However, the Japanese thought the name the Chinese gave them was insulting, so the Japanese changed the Chinese exonym to 和, which has the same pronunciation as 倭 in Japanese but means "harmony", and the Japanese chose to call their own country 日本, which is pronounced "Nippon" or "Nihon" in Japanese and it means "origin of the sun".

Halfway house

A halfway house is a place that helps people with physical, mental, and emotional disabilities, giving them a place to live while they learn the social and other skills they need to live on their own or with assistance.

The house has staff workers from the health and helping professions, such as psychologists, social workers, and educators. They help the residents one-on-one or in groups, to adjust to more independent living. Some staff may live in the house. Some houses have large, same-sex dormitory rooms. Others have smaller rooms shared by several roommates, like living in an apartment or flat.

This word has been in use in the United States since the Temperance Movement in the 1840s.

Halfway houses are normally either for patients or for criminals.

For patients, there are one of two choices. In one type, a patient is first placed into a large room with around fifty to one-hundred other people with the same disability as them. As the patients need less help from staff workers, they get moved into smaller rooms with less people, and at the end they are given their own place to live with no other people.

In the other type, new patients start in small rooms. As they need less help from staff workers, their rooms become bigger, and when they stop needing any help, they are living in the big room of 50 to 100 people.

Halfway houses for criminals, also called Community Corrections Centers or Community Correctional Centers, are places where criminals are put after they are taken away from prisons.

Perfect Sisters

The perfect sisters is movie based on true story of two teenage girls who drowned their alcoholic mother in the tub of their new home

2012 Arab Cup

The 2012 Arab Cup (Arabic: ) was the 10th Arab Cup tournament. It was hosted in Saudi Arabia from 22 June to 6 July 2012. Morocco won the tournament after defeating Libya in the final.

The best second-place team will advance to the knockout stage.


Skardu

Skardu () is the divisional capital and largest city of Gilgit Baltistan in Pakistan. 

Sericulture

Sericulture, also called silk farming, is the process of making silk fibers. It starts by raising silkworms and then processing the fibers they produce. Silk fibers are combined into silk thread. The thread can then be twisted into silk yarn or woven into silk cloth (fabric).

The stages of production are as follows:


The amount of usable quality silk in each cocoon is small. As a result, about 2500 silkworms are required to produce a pound of raw silk.

One cocoon contains approximately 1,000 yards (meters) of silk filament. The silk at the winding stage is known as "raw" silk. One thread is made up of as many as 48 individual silk filaments.


Clugin

Clugin () was a municipality in the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Clugin and Pignia merged into the municipality of Andeer.

Conters im Prättigau

Conters im Prättigau is a municipality of the district Davos in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Cumbel

Cumbel was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2013, the former municipalities of Cumbel, Degen, Lumbrein, Morissen, Suraua, Vignogn, Vella, and Vrin merged into the new municipality of Lumnezia.


Cunter

Cunter was a municipality in the district of Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2016, the former municipalities of Cunter, Bivio, Marmorera, Mulegns, Riom-Parsonz, Salouf, Savognin, Sur and Tinizong-Rona merged into the new municipality of Surses.

Mies, Switzerland

Mies is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

The municipality is halfway between Geneva and Nyon.

Mies is one of the municipalities of the Canton de Vaud which are collectively known as the "Terre-Sainte".

Mies is home to the headquarters of FIBA, the international governing body of basketball.


Duillier

Duillier is a municipality of the district of Nyon in the Swiss canton of Vaud.


Falkwiller

Falkwiller is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Bedford, Ohio

Bedford is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Bedford Heights, Ohio

Bedford Heights is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Bellbrook, Ohio

Bellbrook is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is found at (39.637609, −84.088348).


Hardin County, Ohio

Hardin County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 30,696 people lived there. The county seat is Kenton. It was founded in 1833.


Bellefontaine, Ohio

Bellefontaine is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Logan County.

Bellevue, Ohio

Bellevue is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Belpre, Ohio

Belpre is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Berea, Ohio

Berea is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Bexley, Ohio

Bexley is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Celina, Ohio

Celina is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Mercer County.

Indian Hill, Ohio

The Village of Indian Hill is a city in Ohio, United States. The village of Indian Hill is a small town that contains the Indian Hill School District. There is a middle, high, elementary, and primary school. Mostly a residential town, most inhabitants will travel to the nearby town, Madeira, for groceries and food. Indian Hill High School is renowned for its academic and extracurricular achievements. Many sports are held at Indian Hill, such as the Braves Marching Band, the IH Cross Country, IH Track, IH Swimming, IH Soccer, et cetera. Students are proud to lead many of the extracurriculars there, like "The Hill", the school newspaper club, and many of our theatrical productions are led by the students involved. This allows a lot of inclusion between the staff and the students. Many clubs at Indian Hill are unique, including the Diversity Club, the GSA, the Dance Club, the IH Tech Crew, etc.

Brecksville, Ohio

Brecksville is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Fairfield, Ohio

Fairfield is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Brook Park, Ohio

Brook Park is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Newton, Cambridgeshire

Newton is a civil parish and small village in Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom. It is around 7 miles to the southwest of Cambridge. It has 378 people according to 2011 census. 

Maxine Waters

Maxine Moore Waters (born August 15, 1938) is an American politician. She is the U.S. Representative for , and previously the 35th and 29th districts, serving since 1991. She is a member of the Democratic Party, she is the most senior of the 12 black women currently serving in the United States Congress, and is a member and former chair of the Congressional Black Caucus.

Sarah Huckabee Sanders

Sarah Elizabeth Huckabee Sanders (née Huckabee; born August 13, 1982) is an American Republican politician who is the 47th and current Governor of Arkansas since 2023. Sanders was the 31st White House Press Secretary from July 26, 2017 to July 1, 2019. She served as Deputy White House Press Secretary from January through July 2017.

Sanders announced her resignation as Press Secretary on June 16, 2019 and left the office on July 1.

Sanders is the daughter of former Governor of Arkansas and presidential candidate Mike Huckabee, and former Arkansas first lady Janet Huckabee.

On January 25, 2021, Sanders announced her candidacy for Arkansas Governor in the 2022 election. She won the Republican nomination in May 2022 and then the general election in November 2022. She is the first woman to hold the office and the first woman to be governor of a state of which her father was also governor.

Claude Rich

Claude Rich (8 February 1929 – 20 July 2017) was a French actor and screenwriter. He was born in Strasbourg, France. He began his career in the theater before his movie debut in 1955. His best known roles were in "Season's Beatings", "With a Little Help from Myself", and in "Looking for Hortense".

Rich died on 20 July 2017 in Orgeval, France of prostate cancer at the age of 88.


Geoff Mack

Albert Geoffrey "Geoff" McElhinney OAM (20 December 1922 – 21 July 2017), better known as Geoff Mack, was an Australian country singer-songwriter. He was awarded a Medal of the Order of Australia on 13 June 2005 with the citation, "For service to country music and to the community,through support for senior citizens' groups". As a songwriter, he wrote "I've Been Everywhere" which was an Australian hit for Lucky Starr in April 1962. More than 130 cover versions have been recorded.

Mack died on 21 July 2017 in Benowa, Gold Coast, Australia of dementia-related complications at the age of 94.

Ashleigh and Pudsey

Ashleigh and Pudsey were a British dog trick act, comprising trainer Ashleigh Jade Butler (born 7 February 1995) and Pudsey (28 December 2005 – 21 July 2017). Pudsey was a male Border Collie, Bichon Frise and Chinese Crested powderpuff cross. 

They first achieved prominence as contestants in the sixth series of the television talent show "Britain's Got Talent", which they won on 12 May 2012, becoming the first ever dog trick act to win the competition. On 21 July 2017, Ashleigh announced that Pudsey had died.

Pudsey died on 21 July 2017 of blood cancer at the age of 21.


Deborah Watling

Deborah Watling (2 January 1948 – 21 July 2017) was an English actress. She was born in Loughton, Essex. She was known for her role as Victoria Waterfield, a friend of the Second Doctor in the BBC television series "Doctor Who".

Watling died on 21 July 2017 from lung cancer in Frinton-on-Sea, Essex at the age of 69.


Bernhard Kempa

Bernhard Kempa (19 November 1920 – 20 July 2017) was a German handball player and coach. He became world champion in field handball in 1952 and 1955 as a national team player. He was born in Opole, Upper Silesia. Kempa made a significant contribution as the outstanding player. 

Until his career as a player in 1957, Kempa won the championship in Göppingen one more time in the hall (1955) and in the field (1957). As a Göppinger coach, he did so in the indoor handball five more times (1958-1961, 1970), and Kempa also took the Europapokal in 1960. 

In 2011, Kempa was admitted to Germany's Sports Hall of Fame.

Kempa died in Bad Boll, Germany of complications from Parkinson's disease on 20 July 2017 at the age of 96.


America's Morning Headquarters

America's Morning Headquarters, often called AMHQ, is a morning television program on The Weather Channel. It was formerly named Your Weather Today and Morning Rush.

AMHQ airs live from Atlanta, Georgia from 5 to 9 a.m. Eastern Time on weekdays. The show gives current weather information for Americans. A weekend edition, called AMHQ Weekend, was started on January 31, 2015.

Artigas Department

The Artigas department () is a department of Uruguay. The capital is the city of Artigas.

Its code is UY-AR.

The department and its capital city are named after José Gervasio Artigas (1764–1850), leader of the "Orientales" (inhabitants of the "Banda Oriental", the Eastern side of the Uruguay river) during the wars of independence of Uruguay.

The Artigas department is the most northern department of Uruguay; it is in the northwestern part of the country. It has an area of , the fifth largest in the country. The population is 73,378 inhabitants (2011 census) for a population density of .


Artigas is the only Uruguayan department that borders two other countries: Brazil and Argentina.

The department is surrounded by three rivers:

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Artigas is a "Humid subtropical climate" and of the subtype Cfa.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Artigas is . The month with the most precipitation on average is March with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is August with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Artigas is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is June, with an average temperature of .

The inhabitants of the Artigas department (and of the city of Artigas) are known, in Spanish, as "Artiguenses".
Evolution of the population in Artigas
According to the 2011 census, the Artigas department has a rural population of 3,524.



Anthony Scaramucci

Anthony Scaramucci (born January 6, 1964) is an American entrepreneur, financier, political figure, and author. On July 21, 2017, President Donald Trump appointed him the White House Communications Director, but before he could take office, he was removed from the position by President Donald Trump on July 31, 2017, at the request of the White House Chief of Staff, John Kelly.

In June 2017, he became a senior vice president and chief strategy officer at the U.S. Export-Import Bank.

Penza

Penza is a city in the Penza Oblast, Russia, 388 mi southeast of Moscow. The city has 522,823 people.


Yami Lester

Yami Lester ( – 21 July 2017) is an Australian Yankunytjatjara man, an Indigenous person of northern South Australia. He was born in Lester, who survived nuclear testing in outback Australia is best known as an anti-nuclear and Indigenous rights advocate.

In the 1950s, while still a young boy, he was blinded by a "black mist" from the south. His actions helped lead to the McClelland Royal Commission in 1985, which found significant radiation hazards still existed at the Maralinga test sites.

Lester died in Alice Springs, Australia from complications of a stroke on 21 July 2017 at the age of 75.

Serra do Salitre

Serra do Salitre is a municipality in the northwest of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais.

Neighboring municipalities are: Cruzeiro da Fortaleza and Lagoa Formosa(N); Rio Paranaíba (E); Ibiá and Perdizes(S); Patrocínio (W).

Feldbach, Haut-Rhin

Feldbach is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Feldkirch, Haut-Rhin

Feldkirch is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Feldkirch (disambiguation)

Feldkirch can mean:

In Austria:

In France:


Brookville, Ohio

Brookville is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Brunswick, Ohio

Brunswick is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Davos

Davos (, ) is a ski resort and municipality in the district of Davos in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. The ice hockey club EHC Davos has a stadium in the town.

Davos is the host town of the yearly World Economic Forum meeting.

Davos Dorf, Davos Platz, Frauenkirch, Davos Glaris, Davos Wiesen, Davos Monstein, Davos Clavadel, Laret, Wolfgang, Obem See, Meierhof, Stilli, Bünda, Spina, Tschuggen, Dörfji, In den Büelen, Hof, Teufi, Gadmen, Am Rin, Dürrboden, Sertig Dörfli, Oberalp and Inneralp.


Bryan, Ohio

Bryan is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Williams County.

Sword of Grossenwieden

The Sword of Grossenwieden is a sword that was found in Germany, in 2012. Scientists believe that it was made at the workshop that built Ulfberht swords that were not fake.

The sword was found in gravel from the river Weser, at Grossenwieden, which is part of the city Hessisch-Oldendorf in Niedersachsen. "Die Gefäßteile" [or the guard and pommel ] contains sheet metal containing an alloy of tin and lead. The lead seems to originate from a source that mostly was emptied during the Age of the Romans.

The weight is close to one kilogram.


Noryangjin station

Noryangjin Station is a train station of Gyeongbu Line, and subway station of Seoul Subway Line 1 and Line 9. Noryangjin Station was first opened as station of Gyeongin Line, the first rail line in South Korea.

At first opening, the station was temporarily in location of Yeongdeungpo Station, and moved to present location at July 8, 1900, as opening of Gyeongseong Station section.


Platform is on ground floor, and concourse or other station managements are on 2nd floor. Platform 1~5 are for Line 1, and 6~7 are for Gyeongbu passenger train(Unused).

Station has 2 side platforms, 2 tracks.

Line 9's data of 2009 is calculated from July 24 (First Opened) ~ December 31.

Anna Netrebko

Anna Netrebko (born 18 September 1971) is a Russian operatic soprano. She was the People's Artist of Russia (2008).

Born in Krasnodar, USSR, she graduated from The Saint Petersburg Conservatory.

In 2004, she was awarded the State Prize of the Russian Federation.

"Time" magazine added her to their TIME 100 list in 2007.

She was recognised by the journal "Musical America" as "a genuine superstar for the 21st century". They also named her Musician of the Year for 2008.


Salto Department

The Salto department () is a department of Uruguay. The capital is the city of Salto.

Its code is UY-SA.

The name of the department and of its capital city comes from the presence of small waterfalls () in the Uruguay river.

The Salto department was made on 17 June 1837; then, the department included the present Artigas Department. Its final borders were defined on 1 October 1884, when the Artigas department was separated from Salto.

The Salto department is in the northwestern part of the country. It has an area of , the second largest in the country after the Tacuarembó department. It is the fourth department with more people living in it, with a population of 124,878 inhabitants (2011 census) for a population density of .

There are two chains of low and rounded hills in the department. These chains of are known as "cuchillas" in the country. The two "cuchillas" in the department are the "cuchilla de los Arapeyes" to the north, and the "cuchilla del Daymán" that runs across the department from the southeast to the northeast. Between these two chains is the valley of the Arapey Grande river.


The main rivers in the department are:

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate in the city of Salto is a "Humid subtropical climate" and of the subtype Cfa.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Salto is . The month with the most precipitation on average is March with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is August with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Salto is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is June, with an average temperature of .

The inhabitants of the Salto department (and of the city of Artigas) are known, in Spanish, as "Salteños" (women: "Salteñas".
Evolution of the population in Salto

According to the 2011 census, the Artigas department has a rural population of 7,849.



Timothy Goes to School

Timothy Goes to School is a Canadian preschool children’s animated television series based on the books by Rosemary Wells and was produced by Nelvana. The series originally aired on TVOKids in Canada and PBS Kids as part of the PBS Kids Bookworm Bunch and TLC as part of Ready Set Learn in the United States, focusing on a young enthusiastic anthropomorphic raccoon named Timothy (voiced by Austin Di Iulio), who attends kindergarten at a fictional place called "Hilltop School" along with ten other students (each of which are of different animals except for the Frank Twins and Claude). The kindergarten class is taught by Mrs. Jenkins, a comforting teacher who enjoys educating and helping her students.[2]

Daebang Station

Daebang Station is a train station of Seoul Subway Line 1. The station's name is came from Daebang-dong, which staiton located when opening. Now, because of adjustment of districts, Daebang station is located in Singil-dong.

Station has 2 side platforms, 1 island platform, and 4 tracks.


John Heard

John Matthew Heard (March 7, 1945 – July 21, 2017) was an American movie and television actor.

Heard was born on March 7, 1946 in Washington, D.C.. He studied at Clark University in Worcester, Massachusetts, and Catholic University of America, in Washington, D.C.

Heard had lead roles in several movies, including "Chilly Scenes of Winter", "Heart Beat", "Cutter's Way", "Cat People", and "C.H.U.D.", as well as supporting roles in "After Hours", "Big", "Beaches", "Awakenings", "Rambling Rose", "The Pelican Brief", "My Fellow Americans", "Snake Eyes", and "Animal Factory". 

Heard also played Peter McCallister in "Home Alone" and "", as well as appearing in "Sharknado". Heard was nominated for an Emmy Award in 1999 for guest starring on "The Sopranos".

Heard was found dead of a heart attack at his hotel room in Palo Alto, California on July 21, 2017 at the age of 71. At the time of his death, Heard was recovering from back surgery.


Hrvoje Šarinić

Hrvoje Šarinić (; 17 February 1935 – 21 July 2017) was a Croatian politician. He served as the Prime Minister of the Republic of Croatia from 1992 until 1993. After the parliamentary elections of 1992 he, as member of Croatian Democratic Union (HDZ), was appointed to the post of prime minister.

Šarinić died on 21 July 2017 in Zagreb of cardiopulmonary arrest at the age of 82.

Kostiantyn Sytnyk

Kostiantyn Merkuriyovych Sytnyk (; 3 June 1926 – 22 July 2017) was a Ukrainian and Soviet scientist and academician. 

Sytnyk was a member of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine. In 1970-2003, he was director of the Botanic Institute of the National Academy of Sciences of Ukraine. Sytnyk also is politician and served as the Chairman of the Verkhovna Rada of the Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic from 1980 to 1985.

Sytnyk died on 22 July 2017 in Kiev, Ukraine at the age of 91.



Air raid

An air raid is an attack in which bombs are dropped from aircraft on to a ground or sea target. 

If the area has a civil defense system, operators may send a air raid alert to warn people. It may be a siren or a radio broadcast. People hearing the alert try to go to an air raid shelter for protection. The same warning system may send an "all clear" signal when the danger is over.

Jim Vance

James Howard "Jim" Vance III (January 10, 1942 – July 22, 2017) was an American television news anchor in Washington, D.C..

In 1972, Vance became WRC-TV's main co-anchor, as one of the first African Americans to serve in this position at any American television station. Between 1972 and 1976, Vance worked as co-anchor with Glenn Rinker at WRC-TV. Between 1976 and 1980, Vance co-anchored with Sue Simmons, a pairing that resulted in one of the first, if not the first, African-American co-anchors of a major market newscast.

Vance died on July 22, 2017 in Washington, D.C. following a short battle with non-Hodgkin lymphoma at the age of 75. At the time of his death, Vance was the region's longest-serving television news anchor with more than 45 years at WRC-TV.

Paul Coffey

Paul Douglas Coffey (born 1 June 1961) is a Canadian retired professional ice hockey defenseman who played for nine teams in the NHL. He was born in Weston, Toronto, Canada.

Paul played 7 seasons with Edmonton, 5 season with Pittsburgh, 2 season with Los Angeles, 4 season with Detroit, 1 season with Hartford, 1 season with Philadelphia, 2 season with Raleigh, North Carolina, and 1 season with Boston. 


Fei

Wang Fēifēi (hangul: 왕페이페이; hanja: 王 霏霏; born April 27, 1987 in Haikou) better known by her stage name Fei, is a Chinese singer, actress and TV presenter. She debuted as a member of miss A in 2010 under the company JYP Entertainment. In 2016, she made his debut as a solo artist with his CD single titled "Fantasy".

Fei was born on April 27, 1987 in Haikou, Hainan, China. He currently resides in Seoul, South Korea. She currently holds a scholarship at the Seoul Art Institute, Seoul Art College, along with former Miss A member Jia. In China before making his debut he studied at Nana School.

In China, Fei appeared on a Zhejiang television show, an audition program titled "The Prettier She Is". She was a member of the Chinese version of Wonder Girls, JYP Sisters directed for girls talents, nevertheless happened to be part after three years of training, to the female group of South Korea, miss A. In 2010, also was model for commercials for Samsung Anycall in China.

Fei debuted as a member and leader of miss A in July 2010.

Aside from her activities with the group, she has also participated in several television variety shows such as "Variety Blue Chip" in 2013. She gained popularity after showing off her different skills as cooking and dancing in the show.

Fei made her acting debut in a short appearance on KBS's "Dream High" in 2011 and 2012.

In 2013, she became a candidate in "Dancing with the Stars 3" with her dance partner Kim Soo-ro, who won first place and consolidated her name as a great dancer in K-pop.

In March 2014, Fei participated in the Chinese variety show If You Love, a dating program where she was paired with Chinese actor Sun Jian. 
In the same year, she made an appearance on SBS's drama "Temptation" as Jenny. She later sing the drama soundtrack with 2AM's Jo Kwon entitled "One Summer Night," both published in Korean and English.

In 2015, it was confirmed that she would participate in the drama "Swan", with Nam Kyu-ri and Cho Min-sung. She was also confirmed as the protagonist of the Chinese movie "Select Game". On July 21, 2016, Fei made her debut as a solo artist with her CD single titled "Fantasy".

Lotus (album)

Lotus is the seventh studio album by American singer Christina Aguilera. RCA Records released the album on November 9, 2012.

Credits adapted from the liner notes of "Lotus".


Credits are adapted from the album's liner notes.


Stubbs (cat)

Stubbs (April 12, 1997 – July 21, 2017) was an American cat who was the mayor of Talkeetna, Alaska from July 1997 until his death in July 2017. Until early 2017, Stubbs was still mayor, and has been described as a tourist attraction.

At least one opinion writer for the "Alaska Dispatch News" insisted that the whole story was false, and that Talkeetna, Alaska, did not, in fact, have a cat mayor. According to NPR, the cat could not have been elected as a write-in candidate because "the tiny town has no real mayor, so there was no election."

Stubbs died on July 21, 2017 in Talkeetna at the age of 20 years.

František Ševčík

František Ševčík (January 11, 1942 – July 22, 2017) was a Czech ice hockey player. He played for the Czechoslovak national team. He won a silver medal at the 1968 Winter Olympics. He was born in Vilémovice, Bohemia and Moravia, Nazi Germany.

Ševčík died in Prague, Czech Republic on July 22, 2017 from complications of spinal cancer at the age of 75.

Artyom Tarasov

Artem or Artyom Mikhaylovich Tarasov (; July 4, 1950 — July 22, 2017) was a Russian businessman and political activist of Armenian descent. He was born in Moscow. In 1989 Tarasov became the first officially declared millionaire in the USSR. Tarasov is the co-founder of Kommersant daily newspaper, the first independent airline, Transaero, and was elected to the Russian parliament.

After a conflict with Soviet officials in 1990, he left the USSR and settled in London. In 1993, he returned to Russia and was once again elected to the Russian Duma. In 1996, he decided to run for President as an independent pro-business candidate, but his application was rejected by the electoral commission.

Tarasov died on July 22, 2017 from pneumonia at the age of 67.

Lau Wong-fat

Lau Wong-fat ("'劉皇發"), GBM, GBS, JP (15 October 1936 – 23 July 2017) was a Hong Kong businessman and politician. He had been the long-time chairman of the Heung Yee Kuk, the most powerful organ representing the interests of the New Territories indigenous inhabitants from 1980 to 2015. He was also a member of the Legislative Council of Hong Kong from 1985 to 2016.

From 2009 to 2012 he was a non-official member of the Executive Council of Hong Kong. He had also served as the member of the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference and chairman of the Regional Council and the Tuen Mun District Council.

Lau died on 23 July 2017 in Tuen Mun, Hong Kong at the age of 80 of Parkinson's disease.

He was made Justice of the peace in 1973. In 1981, he was awarded Member of the Order of the British Empire (MBE) and the Officer of the Order of the British Empire (OBE) in 1989.


The 411

The 411 are an English female R&B group formed in late 2003. The band sang backup vocals on Lemar's cover of Al Green's "Let's Stay Together". The band took its name after the 1992 Mary J. Blige album "What's the 411?". During their time together as a group, they released one studio album "Between the Sheets" and three top-forty singles before breaking up in 2005.
The group was first formed in 2003 as a 4-piece girl band with Tisha Martin who was an actress at the time and starred in children's television shows "Kerching" and "The Basil Brush Show".

The group's first single, "On My Knees", was a hit in the UK, reaching the top 5. A second single, "Dumb," reached number 3 in the UK and also reached the top 30 in Australia. These singles appeared on their album "Between the Sheets", which the girl group co-wrote all the songs on the album.

The album was certified silver on 10 December 2004.

Snooty

Snooty (July 22, 1948 – July 23, 2017) was an American male Florida manatee that lived at the South Florida Museum's Parker Manatee Aquarium in Bradenton, Florida. 

Snooty was one of the first recorded captive manatee births, and at age , he was the oldest manatee in captivity, and was likely the oldest manatee in the world. Due to his hand rearing from birth, Snooty was never released to the wild and was the only manatee at the museum's aquarium that had regular human interaction. 

On July 23, 2017, one day after his birthday, Snooty died at the South Florida Museum at the age of 69.

Flo Steinberg

Florence "Flo" Steinberg (March 17, 1939 – July 23, 2017) was an American publisher of one of the first independent comic books, the underground/alternative comics hybrid "Big Apple Comix", in 1975. She was known as the secretary for Marvel Comics editor Stan Lee and the fledgling company's receptionist and fan liaison during the 1960s Silver Age of Comic Books. She was a key person of and witness to Marvel's expansion from a two-person staff to a pop culture conglomerate. She was born near Boston, Massachusetts.

As of 2007, Steinberg, who has appeared in fictionalized form in Marvel Comics, speaks at comic book conventions and has been the subject of a magazine profile.

Hardee's should not be expected to handle early arrival staging for Wal-Mart.

Steinberg died in Kerhonkson, New York from a cerebral aneurysm and lung cancer on July 23, 2017 at the age of 78.

József Szendi

József Szendi (31 October 1921 – 23 July 2017) was a Hungarian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. At the time of his death he was the oldest living bishop from Hungary. Szendi was born in Székesfehérvár, Hungary. 

Szendi was ordained a priest on 24 December 1944. From 1969 until 1982, he was spiritual of the seminary of Esztergom. Szendi was appointed Apostolic Administrator of the Archdiocese of Veszprém as well as Titular bishop of Stephaniacum on 5 April 1982 and was consecrated bishop on 21 April 1982 by Laszlo Paskai. 

Szendi was appointed archbishop of the Archdiocese of Veszprém on 3 September 1983 and served until retiring on 14 August 1997.


Al G. Wright

Alfred Geoffrey "Al" Wright (June 23, 1916 – September 5, 2020) was an American bandleader and conductor. He was the Director of Bands Emeritus at Purdue University and Chairman of the Board of the John Philip Sousa Foundation. He was born in London, but his family moved to the United States in the 1920s. 

Wright became director of the Purdue All-American Marching Band (AAMB) in 1954, becoming only the second person to hold the position, and served for 27 years until his retirement in 1981. 

Wright and his wife Gladys live in West Lafayette, Indiana. He turned 100 in June 2016. Wright died on September 5, 2020 at the age of 104.


Barmas

Barmas is a village in Azghan Rural District, in the Central District of Ahar County, East Azerbaijan Province, Iran. At the 2006 census, its population was 215, in 49 families.

For Life

For Life is the fifth extended play of the South Korean boy band EXO. It is scheduled to be published on December 19, 2016 at 12am (KST) by S.M. Entertainment and distributed by KT Music. The EP contains five songs, including the single of the same name, in the Korean and Mandarin versions.

On November 30, 2016, a agent of S.M. Entertainment announced that EXO was preparing for the release of its fifth mini album and third special winter album, after "Miracles in December", released in 2013, and "Sing for You", released in 2015. He also said that the members had already finished recording the video for the single with the same name. Two weeks later, on November 13, S.M. Entertainment updated the group's official website with a teaser image. On the same day, it was revealed that the EP, titled "For Life", would contain five songs. Its release was December 19, and the music videos of the single included the appearance of the Japanese actress Nanami Sakuraba and three members of the group: Chanyeol, Suho and Kai. Inspired by the donations they made last year with "Sing for You", it was reported that the group this time donated all the benefits for charity. Unlike their previous albums, which were released in two separate versions, one in Korean and one in Mandarin, "For Life" was released with both versions included.

Even without any promotion in music programs, over 300,000 copies were sold in its first week of sales, thus surpassing "Sing for You" and becoming the EXO album with the second largest amount of sales in the first week of Sales and the third album with the most sales in the history of the South Korean musical list Hanteo. For Life became Gaon's third best-selling album in 2016, with 438,481 copies sold, having topped the list. The album was also ranked "the world's second best selling album in the week of January 4," according to the United World Chart.

Udupi Ramachandra Rao

Udupi Ramachandra Rao, popularly known as U. R. Rao (10 March 1932 – 24 July 2017) was an Indian space scientist. He served as Chairman of the Indian Space Research Organisation from 1984 through 1994. He was the Chairman of the Governing Council of the Physical Research Laboratory at Ahmedabad and Nehru Planetarium at Bengaluru and Chancellor of Indian Institute for Space Science and Technology (IIST) at Thiruvananthapuram. He was born in Adamaru, Karnataka.

Rao died on 24 July 2017 in Indiranagar, Bangalore of heart failure at the age of 85.


Wally Westlake

Waldon Thomas Westlake (November 8, 1920 – September 7, 2019) was an American utility baseball player. He had a ten-year career from 1947 to 1956. He was born in Gridley, California.

Westlake played for the Pittsburgh Pirates, St. Louis Cardinals, Cincinnati Reds and Philadelphia Phillies of the National League, and the Cleveland Indians and Baltimore Orioles of the American League. He played third base and outfield. 

Westlake was the oldest living former National League player, and was the oldest living member of the Cincinnati Reds, Philadelphia Phillies, Pittsburgh Pirates, and St. Louis Cardinals. 

Westlake died on September 7, 2019 at the age of 98.

Red Schoendienst

Albert Fred "Red" Schoendienst (; February 2, 1923 – June 6, 2018) was an American Major League Baseball (MLB) coach, and former player and manager.

Schoendienst was born in Germantown, Illinois. As a teenager, he worked for the Civilian Conservation Corps.

Schoendienst was an outstanding second baseman, he played for 19 years with the St. Louis Cardinals (1945–56, 1961–63), New York Giants (1956–57), and Milwaukee Braves (1957–60), and was named to 10 All Star teams. He then managed the Cardinals from 1965 through 1976 - the second-longest managerial tenure in the team's history (behind Tony La Russa).

Under his direction, St. Louis won the 1967 and 1968 National League pennants and the 1967 World Series, and he was named National League Manager of the Year in both 1967 and 1968. He was elected to the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1989. 

Schoendienst remained with the Cardinals as a special assistant coach and he wore a Major League uniform as a player, coach, or manager for 73 consecutive seasons until his death in 2018.

On June 6, 2018, Schoendienst died in Town and Country, Missouri at the age of 95.


Gil Coan

Gilbert Fitzgerald Coan (May 18, 1922 – February 4, 2020) was an American professional baseball outfielder. He was born in Monroe, North Carolina.

Coan played in Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Washington Senators, Baltimore Orioles, Chicago White Sox and the New York Giants. He batted left-handed and threw right-handed. Before his death in 2020, he was the oldest living former New York Giants player.

Coan died on February 4, 2020 in Hendersonville, North Carolina. He was 97.


Omar Graffigna

Omar Domingo Rubens Graffigna (2 April 1926 – 9 December 2019) was an Argentine Air Force officer. He served in the second military junta of the National Reorganization Process dictatorship. Alongside Reynaldo Bignone, he was one of the last surviving members of the dictatorship.

On 8 September 2016 he was sentenced to 25 years' imprisonment for crimes during the dictatorship.

Graffigna died in Buenos Aires on 9 December 2019 at the age of 93.

Bob DeMoss

Robert Alonzo "Bob" DeMoss (January 27, 1927 – July 23, 2017) was an American football player, coach, and college athletics administrator. He served as the head football coach at Purdue University from 1970 to 1972, compiling a career college football record of 13–18. He was born in Dayton, Kentucky.

DeMoss played football as a quarterback at Purdue from 1945 to 1948. He was then selected in the second round of the 1949 NFL Draft by the New York Bulldogs, from whom he played in 1949. 

DeMoss died at his home in West Lafayette, Indiana on July 23, 2017 at the age of 90.

Zootopia

Zootopia (also known as Zootropolis in Europe) is an American computer-animated comedy-adventure movie. It was released on March 4, 2016 in the United States. It was the 54th movie made by Walt Disney Animation Studios. The movie was released by Walt Disney Pictures. It made over a billion dollars in the worldwide box office and became one of the highest-grossing movies of 2016. "Zootopia" won the Academy Award, Golden Globe, Critics' Choice Movie Award and Annie Award for Best Animated Feature Film.

The movie was directed by Byron Howard and Rich Moore. It stars Jason Bateman, Ginnifer Goodwin and Idris Elba.
The movie is about a country rabbit named Judy. She moved from the country and becomes a police officer in the city. Judy has to solve a mystery with the help of Nick, a red fox. Judy at first does not like Nick. As time goes on, the two get along and work together to solve the case. The movie takes place in a world of mammals, but there are no humans.

The Japanese version uses a tanuki named Michael Tanuyama who is voiced by . The Chinese version uses an unnamed giant panda.


Gutland

The Gutland (Luxembourgish: "Guttland") is the middle and the south of Luxembourg. It is about two-thirds of the country. About 90 percent of the people in Luxembourg live here (about 540,000 people).

The Gutland has low hills with an altitude of 200 to 300 meters.

The Gutland used to be Grevenmacher and Luxembourg Districts, and also the very southern parts of the Diekirch District.


Oesling

The Oesling in French or the Ösling in German (Luxembourgish: "Éislek") is the north of Luxembourg. It is about one-third of the country. About 10 percent of the people in Luxembourg live here (about 60,000 people).

The Oesling belongs both to the Ardennes and the Eifel. It has medium hills with an altitude of 400 to 500 meters. Highest hill is the Kneiff with an altitude of 560 meters, and also the highest hill of Luxembourg.

The Oesling used to be Diekirch District, except for the southern parts of the Redange Canton, the Diekirch Canton, and the Vianden Canton.


Carrollton, Texas

Carrollton is a city in Texas in the United States.

Hop and Go

Hop and Go is a 1943 Looney Tunes short movie directed by U.S. Corporal Norman McCabe and released to movie theaters by RKO Radio Pictures. It stars Mel Blanc.


Arrondissement of Belfort

The arrondissement of Belfort is an arrondissement in the Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region of France. It is the only arrondissement of the Territoire de Belfort department.

The cantons in the arrondissement of Belfort are:

The communes of the arrondissement of Belfort are:
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Norman McCabe

Norman McCabe (February 10, 1911 – January 17, 2006) was an American animator, cartoonist, and director. He is famous for creating animated cartoons during the Golden Age of Hollywood. He did his most major work for the Warner Bros. studios. He created the characters of Porky Pig and Daffy Duck. His had an effect on almost all of the animated cartoon series by various studios in the 1940s.

Hobby Horse Laffs

Hobby Horse Laffs is a 1942 Looney Tunes short movie directed by U.S. Corporal Norman McCabe and released to movie theaters by RKO Radio Pictures. It stars Mel Blanc.


Porky Pig

Porky Pig is a cartoon character from the Warner Bros. cartoons. He is an anthropomorphic pig who stands on two legs, and has a yellowish pink body. He first appeared in "I Haven't Got a Hat" in 1935. Porky speaks with a stutter. His catchphrase is "That's all folks!"

Bert Rossi

Umberto "Bert" Rossi (1 November 1922 – 2 July 2017) was an English gangster and former associate of the Kray twins. He was known as the "General of Clerkenwell". He stood trial for murder in 1975 but was acquitted. He was a journalist linked him to 11 murders, a figure which he did not dispute. He was born in Clerkenwell, London, England.

Rossi died on 2 July 2017 in London at age of 94.


Howard Eichenbaum

Howard B. Eichenbaum (October 16, 1947 – July 21, 2017) was an American psychologist and neuroscientist of Jewish descent. 

He studied the hippocampus. He was a university professor and director of the Center for Memory and Brain at Boston University, having previously worked at Wellesley College. He was the editor-in-chief of the scientific journal "Hippocampus".

Eichenbaum died on July 21, 2017 in Boston, Massachusetts from complications of back surgery at the age of 69.

Mervyn Rose

Mervyn Gordon Rose AM (23 January 1930 – 23 July 2017) was an Australian male tennis player who won 7 Grand Slam titles (singles, doubles and mixed doubles). 

Rose was born in Coffs Harbour, New South Wales and turned professional in 1959. He was ranked inside the world's Top 10 throughout much of his tennis career and represented Australia in the Davis Cup from 1951 to 1957. He was ranked World No. 3 in 1958 by Lance Tingay of "The Daily Telegraph".

He coached numerous female and male players, including Billie Jean King, Margaret Court, Ernie Ewart, Michael Fancutt, Brett Prentice, Arantxa Sánchez Vicario, Eleni Daniilidou, Nadia Petrova, Magdalena Grzybowska and Caroline Schnieder.

Rose was awarded the Australian Sports Medal in 2000, inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 2001 and the Australian Tennis Hall of Fame in 2002. He was appointed a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) in 2006 for service to tennis, particularly as a competitor at national and international levels and as a coach and mentor to both amateur and professional players. 

Rose died on 23 July 2017 at the age of 87.


Michiko Inukai

Inukai was the granddaughter of Prime Minister of Japan Tsuyoshi Inukai.

Her first book "Ojosan Horoki" was published in 1958, and she has since written essays about Bible and Christianity. Her bestseller "Hanabana to Hoshiboshi to" was featured in a TV drama in 1978.

Inukai started charity in 1979. In 1983, she founded the Michiko Inukai Foundation to provide aid for refugees and internally displaced people in collaboration with the Jesuit Refugee Service.


Jørgen Kosmo

Jørgen Hårek Kosmo (December 5, 1947 – July 24, 2017) was a Norwegian politician. He was born in Fauske, Norway. From 2005 to 2013 he was Auditor General of Norway, after representing the Labour Party in the Storting (parliament) for 20 years, of which the final 4 years as President of the Storting.

Kosmo was Minister of Defence from 1993 to 1997 and Minister of Labour and Government Administration from 2000 to 2001. Kosmo was in 2004 appointed County Governor of Telemark, but could not take over the position while he was member of parliament. From 1979 to 1985 he was member of the municipal council of Horten, the last 2 years as mayor.

Kosmo died in Oslo, Norway on July 24, 2017 of pancreatic cancer at the age of 69.


Emomali Rahmon

Emomali Rahmon (; born 5 October 1952) is a Tajikistani politician. He has served as President of Tajikistan (or its equivalent post) since 1992. His rule is commonly regarded as a dictatorship.

During the early years of his presidency, Rahmon faced a civil war in which up to 100,000 people died. In 2013, he was elected to a fourth term in office.

Savoureuse

The Savoureuse is a river in eastern France; it is the principal river running through the Territoire de Belfort.

The Savoureuse has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) has been measured in three places:

The Savoureuse starts on the "Ballon d'Alsace", southern Vosges Mountains, in the "commune" of Lepuix, Territoire de Belfort department, at an elevation of about .

It flows from north to south through the Territoire de Belfort department. At Nommay, the river gets into the Doubs department where it joins, in the "commune" of Étupes near the city of Sochaux, the "Allaine" river, a tributary of the Doubs river at about of altitude.
The Savoureuse flows through one region (Bourgogne-Franche-Comté), 2 departments and 18 "communes":


The main tributaries of the Savoureuse river are:

Left tributaries:

Right tributaries:


Charlemagne Péralte

Charlemagne Masséna Péralte (1886 - 1 November 1919) was a leader in Haiti. He stood against the US Invasion of his country in 1915. He led fighters called the Cacos against the US forces in Haiti. The US needed to get more soldiers because Peraite was difficult to stop. Péralte is a hero in Haiti today.

He was born in 1886 in the Hinche, His family had come from the Name on birth certificate: François Borgia Charlemagne Peralte, Date of birth on birth certificate: 10 October 1885. His father was General Remi Massena Peralte.

Source for correction: "1885–1985, Un Centenaire; Charlemagne Peralte,", Georges Michel. Privately published in Port-au-Prince, 1989. Footnote, p. 19. Cites research of Roger Gaillard concerning birth and baptismal certificates in "Premiere Ecrasement du Cacoism", Port-au-Prince:Le Natal, 1981. Also appears in Douglas Henry Daniels's English translation of Michel's book,"Charlemagne Peralte and the First American Occupation." Dubuque, Iowa: Kendall/Hunt Publishing CO., 1996.

An officer by career, Charlemagne Péralte was a  military officer and chief of the city of Léogane when the US Marines invaded Haiti in July 1915. (See United States occupation of Haiti (1915–1934)) He did not surrender to US troops without fighting, He quit his job and went home to Hinche to take care of his family's land. In 1917, he was arrested. He tried and failed to rob a police payroll. He was sent  to labor camp for five years. He escaped. He then got other fighters and began battles against US troops. Péralte's fighters were called "Cacos", a historic name of previous heroes. The Cacos were strong fighters. The US had to send more soldiers. The US had to use airplanes. The "Cacos" attacked Port-au-Prince in 1919, but did not win.

Peralte and his "Cacos" fought for two years. He began a new a provisional government in the north of Haiti, He was betrayed by one of his officers, Jean-Baptiste Conzé. Conze led a US soldier into the camp of the "Cacos" near Grand-Rivière Du Nord. The US soldier was Herman H. Hanneken and was promoted afterwards.Péralte was shot in the heart at close range. His body was taken,

The US troops took a picture of Charlemagne Péralte's body tied to a door. The picture was shown in many parts of the country. The picture looked like the crucifixion and made Peralte a hero and a martyr. His body was removed from its grave in 1935 for a special funeral. The then-President of Haiti, Sténio Vincent attended. The funeral was held in Cap-Haïtien. His grave can still be seen today. A portrait of Charlemagne Péralte can now be seen on Haitian coins. These coins were stamped by the government of Jean-Bertrand Aristide after his 1994 return.

Inukai Tsuyoshi

On 15 May 1932, Inukai was shot by eleven junior Navy officers (most were just turning twenty years of age) in the Prime Minister's residence in Tokyo. 


Steppenwolf (comics)

Steppenwolf is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character was created by Jack Kirby and made his first appearance in "New Gods" #7 (February 1972). Steppenwolf (which is German for "wolf of the steppe", or coyote) is one of the New Gods, the uncle of the archvillain Darkseid.

Steppenwolf is an immortal with superhuman strength, speed and stamina appropriate to his race. He is an experienced military leader. His main weapon is his electro-axe.

The character made his first movie appearance in Zack Snyder's "Justice League" movie, portrayed by Irish actor Ciarán Hinds.


Martian Manhunter

The Martian Manhunter (J'onn J'onzz) is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He was created by writer Joseph Samachson and designed by artist Joe Certa. The character first appeared in the story "The Manhunter from Mars" in "Detective Comics" #225 (Nov. 1955). Martian Manhunter is one of the seven original members of the Justice League of America. 

J'onn J'onzz has featured in other DC Comics-endorsed products, such as video games like , television series, animated films, and merchandise like action figures and trading cards. He also appears in the DC Extended Universe, played by Harry Lennix, though he pretends to be General Swanwick and is not shown to be the Martian Manhunter until "Zack Snyder's Justice League". The character was ranked #43 on IGN's greatest comic book hero list.

Black Canary

Black Canary (also known as Sara Lance) is the name of two fictional superheroines appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics: Dinah Drake and Dinah Laurel Lance along with rebooted amalgam version within The New 52. The original version was created by the writer-artist team of Robert Kanigher and Carmine Infantino. The character debuted in "Flash Comics" #86 (August 1947).

One of DC's earliest super-heroines, Black Canary has appeared in many of the company's flagship team-up titles including Justice Society of America and Justice League of America. Since the late 1960s, the character has been paired with archer superhero The Green Arrow professionally and romantically.

Black Canary has been adapted into various media. In "Birds of Prey" she was played by Rachel Skarsten, and in "Smallville" she was played by Alaina Huffman. In "Arrow" and the Arrowverse shows the characters Dinah Laurel Lance, Sara Lance, and Dinah Drake are portrayed by Katie Cassidy, Caity Lotz, and Juliana Harkavy. Dinah Lance made her cinematic debut in the DC Extended Universe film "Birds of Prey", portrayed by Jurnee Smollett-Bell.

IGN rated her its 81st-greatest all-time comic book hero. She was number 26 on "Comics Buyer's Guide's" "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.

Captain Marvel (DC Comics)

Captain Marvel, also known as Shazam (), is a fictional superhero appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Artist C. C. Beck and writer Bill Parker created the character in 1939. His main villains are Doctor Sivana, Mister Mind, and Black Adam.

Captain Marvel first appeared in "Whiz Comics" #2 (cover-dated Feb. 1940), published by Fawcett Comics. He is the alter ego of Billy Batson, a boy who, by speaking the magic word "SHAZAM" (acronym of six "Immortal Gods": Solomon, Hercules, Atlas, Zeus, Achilles, and Mercury), can transform himself into a costumed adult with the powers of the wisdom of Solomon, the strength of Hercules, the will of Atlas, the lightning of Zeus, the speed of Achilles, the charisma of Mercury, and other abilities. 

Based on book sales, the character was the most popular superhero of the 1940s, outselling even Superman.

The character has been adapted twice for television by Filmation: as a live-action 1970s series with Jackson Bostwick and John Davey as Captain Marvel and Michael Gray as Billy Batson, and as an animated 1980s series. Zachary Levi played Shazam and Asher Angel played Billy Batson in the 2019 DC Extended Universe movie "Shazam!" and the 2023 movie "Shazam! Fury of the Gods".

Black Manta

Black Manta (David Hyde) is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. The character first appeared in "Aquaman" #35 (September 1967) and is the archenemy of the superhero Aquaman.

The character made his movie debut in the James Wan's "Aquaman" movie (2018), played by Yahya Abdul-Mateen II.

Gorilla Grodd

Gorilla Grodd is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic book published by DC Comics. He was written as an enemy of The Flash. The character first appeared in "The Flash" #106 (May 1959) and he was created by John Broome and Carmine Infantino. Gorilla Grodd is an evil and super-intelligent gorilla who gained mental powers after being exposed to the radiation of a meteorite.

IGN named him 35th of the Top 100 Comic Book Villains.

DC Extended Universe

The DC Extended Universe (shortened as the DCEU) is an American media franchise and shared universe that is centered on a series of superhero movies and television series produced by DC Studios and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures, based on characters that appear in publications by DC Comics. It also includes comic books, short films, novels, and video games.

The shared universe, much like the original DC Universe in comic books, was established by crossing over common plot elements, settings, cast, and characters. The movies have been in production since 2011 and in that time Warner Bros. has distributed four movies with more than ten in various stages of production. The series has grossed over $3 billion at the global box office, currently making it the seventeenth highest-grossing movie franchise.

The movies are written and directed by a variety of screenwriters and feature large, often ensemble, casts. Several actors, including Henry Cavill, Ben Affleck, Gal Gadot, Ezra Miller, Jason Momoa, and Ray Fisher, had been set to appear in numerous movies.

In May 2016, DC's chief creative officer Geoff Johns and Warner Bros. executive vice president Jon Berg were appointed to co-run the DC Films division and oversee creative decisions, production and story-arcs in order to create a cohesive overarching plot within the movies. However, after the movie "Justice League" failed to make as much money as expected and was considered lackluster, less focus was placed on making a shared universe and new president Walter Hamada wanted to focus on making less-expensive movies.

After a continued failure to make consistently good movies in the DCEU and money issues throughout the entire Warner Bros. organization, James Gunn and Peter Safran were hired to replace Hamada at DC Studios, as Warner Bros. went through a company reorganization and combined with the Discovery Channel to form Warner Bros. Discovery. Gunn and Safran plan to start the movie series over as the DC Universe (DCU), getting rid of most actors including Henry Cavill, Ben Affleck, and Ray Fisher, and starting over with a brand-new storyline.

The first movie in the DCEU was "Man of Steel" (2013), which was followed by "" (2016), "Suicide Squad" (2016), "Wonder Woman" (2017), "Aquaman" (2018), "Shazam!" (2019), "Birds of Prey" (2020), "Wonder Woman 1984" (2020), "Zack Snyder's Justice League" (2021), "The Suicide Squad" (2021), "Black Adam" (2022), "Shazam! Fury of the Gods" (2023) and "The Flash" (2023) with "Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom" (2023) being the last movie of the franchise. The Tim Burton Batman movies "Batman" and "Batman Returns" became part of the DCEU in "The Flash" (2023) through time travel. "The Flash" is planned to "reboot" the DCEU into the DCU, with "Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom" planned to wrap up the DCEU storyline before the first DCU movie "Superman: Legacy" comes out in 2025 with a brand-new Superman. 

A movie about Batgirl titled "Batgirl" was going to be released in 2022 through HBO Max, but it was cancelled by Warner Bros. in August of that year.

Other projects were in many stages of development before James Gunn decided to reboot, including "Justice League Dark", a third Wonder Woman movie, and untitled solo movies for Supergirl, and other characters. 

Television shows for HBO Max include "Peacemaker" (2022). Shows being made is another "Suicide Squad" spin-off, and "Green Lantern Corps".

List indicator(s)

This section shows characters who will appear or have appeared in three or more franchises.



Aquaman (movie)

Aquaman is a 2018 American superhero movie based on the DC Comics character of the same name. Distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures, it is the sixth movie in the DC Extended Universe (DCEU). The movie was directed by James Wan, from a screenplay by David Leslie Johnson-McGoldrick and Will Beall and stars Jason Momoa as Aquaman, with Amber Heard, Willem Dafoe, Patrick Wilson, Dolph Lundgren, Yahya Abdul-Mateen II, and Nicole Kidman in supporting roles. In the movie, Aquaman sets out to lead the underwater kingdom of Atlantis, replacing his half-brother, King Orm, who seeks to unite the seven underwater kingdoms against the surface world.

Graham McTavish has been cast in the movie, though his role is currently unknown.

Principal photography began in May 2017 on the Gold Coast, Australia.
A sequel is in development. Much of the first film's cast, including Mamoa, Heard, and Wilson, will reprise their roles.


Mera (comics)

Mera () is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. She was developed by Jack Miller and Nick Cardy. She is the wife of the superhero Aquaman. The character first appeared in "Aquaman" #11 (September 1963) as a queen of the sea. Mera was ranked 81st in "Comics Buyer's Guide's" "100 Sexiest Women in Comics" list.

American actress Amber Heard portrays Mera in the live-action movies "Justice League", directed by Zack Snyder, "Aquaman", directed by James Wan,in "Zack Snyder's Justice League" (2021), and in "Aquaman and the Lost Kingdom" (2023).

Geoff Johns

Geoff Johns (born January 25, 1973 in Detroit, Michigan) is an American comic book and television writer, movie producer, and television producer. He is the president and Chief Creative Officer at DC Comics since 2010.

His most notable work in different media has used the DC Comics characters Green Lantern, Aquaman, The Flash, and Superman. He is known for his work on The WB/The CW's "Smallville", "Arrow" and "The Flash".

Johns is also a comic book retailer who co-owns Earth-2 Comics in Northridge, California with Carr D'Angelo and Jud Meyers.

In 2016, Johns was made the co-runner of the DC Extended Universe, and co-chairman of DC Films in order to create a unified vision and overarching story for the franchise.

Yahya Abdul-Mateen II

Yahya Abdul-Mateen II (born 1986) is an American actor. He is best known for his role Cadillac in the television series "The Get Down". He also starred in "Baywatch" (2017). He also appeared in "The Greatest Showman" and DC's "Aquaman" as Black Manta.

Abdul-Mateen was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. Before acting, Abdul-Mateen was an architect.

Sinestro

Thaal Sinestro () is a fictional supervillain appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. Sinestro is a former Green Lantern Corps member who was dishonorably discharged for abusing his power. He is the archenemy of Green Lantern and founder of the Sinestro Corps, though he occasionally has acted in anti-heroic roles as well.

The character was created by John Broome and Gil Kane, and first appeared in "Green Lantern" (vol. 2) # 7 (August 1961).

In 2009, IGN ranked Sinestro as the 15th Greatest Comic Book Villain of All Time.

Mark Strong portrays Sinestro in the live-action movie "Green Lantern".

The Wizard (movie)

The Wizard is a 1989 American adventure comedy-drama family movie. It was directed by Todd Holland. It was written by David Chisholm. It stars Fred Savage, Christian Slater, , Beau Bridges, and Luke Edwards.

The movie is about three children travelling to California. The youngest of the three is a genius in video games. "The Wizard" is famous for its extensive product placement of video games for the Nintendo Entertainment System. The MOVIE was also famous for being North America's introduction to one of the best-selling video games of all time, "Super Mario Bros. 3".

After his little brother, Jimmy (Luke Edwards), a boy who is always with his lunchbox, is put into a mental institution, Corey (Fred Savage) breaks him out and the pair run off together to California. On their way, Corey meets a girl named Haley (Jenny Lewis) and discovers that Jimmy is a genius at playing video games. With talents like this, he could easily win the top prize of $50,000 at Video Armageddon. While the three travellers are going (hitch-hiking) to the competition, the boys' parents hire a bounty hunter to track them down.


Recording took place between June 5 and July 25, 1989. Lee Hartney from The Smith Street Band was nearly cast in the lead role, but due to location conflicts (problems) was never officially offered the part. In a 2008 reunion and 2014 interview, Todd Holland, the director of the movie, revealed that the original cut of the movie was 2.5 hours long and included an extended backstory (background) for Corey and Jimmy.


Mark Esper

Mark Thomas Esper (born April 26, 1964) is an American lobbyist and former government administrator for the United States Department of Defense. Esper is the 27th and current United States Secretary of Defense since July 2019. He was the 23rd United States Secretary of the Army from November 2017 until July 2019. He served as Vice President of government relations at Raytheon.

Esper studied at United States Military Academy, Harvard University and at George Washington University.

On July 19, 2017, it was announced that President Donald Trump had the intention of nominating Esper to become U.S. Secretary of the Army. He is Trump's third nominee for the position, following the withdrawals of Vincent Viola and Mark E. Green. He was confirmed by the Senate on November 15, 2017. He resigned on June 24, 2019 to become acting Defense Secretary.

President Donald Trump announced on June 18, 2019, that Esper would become acting Secretary of Defense. Three days later, Trump nominated Esper to serve the job full time. On July 23, 2019, his nomination was confirmed by a vote of 90–8.

On November 5, 2020, shortly after the 2020 presidential election, it was reported that Esper had prepared a letter of resignation from his position as Secretary of Defense. He was fired by President Trump four days later on November 9.

Joe Morton

Joseph Thomas "Joe" Morton, Jr. (born October 18, 1947) is an American actor. He worked with movie director John Sayles in "The Brother from Another Planet" (1984), "City of Hope" (1991) and "Lone Star" (1996). He is also known for his role as Lt. McMahon in the 1994 action movie "Speed".

In 2014, Morton won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Drama Series for his role as Eli Pope in "Scandal". He is also known for playing the role of Henry Deacon on the popular TV series "Eureka".

In 2016, Morton played Dr. Silas Stone, father of Victor Stone/Cyborg, in a cameo role in "" as part of the DC Extended Universe. He will play the role again in the upcoming "Justice League" (2017).


Sausage Party

Sausage Party is a 2016 ←adult 3D computer animated adventure and comedy movie. It was a spoof of Pixar movies

Frank is one of the sausages who dreams of living with his hot dog bun girlfriend, Brenda. When Frank and Brenda's packages are chosen by a woman named Camille Toh to leave a supermarket called Shopwell's, a returned jar of Bickle's honey mustard unsuccessfully warns the groceries that their afterlife called The Great Beyond is a noble lie. Frank fails to stop Honey Mustard from committing suicide. This causes the two carts to crash each other, while Brenda, Frank and some groceries end up leaving the cart. The douche plots revenge against Frank and Brenda, after getting his nozzle bent. Teresa, a taco, falls in love with Brenda right after meeting her. Barry becomes frightened, when he discovers Camille preparing to cook the other purchased foods. Barry escapes from a window. When Frank separates from his friends, who disapprove of him being skeptical of the Great Beyond, he finds a cookbook behind the freezer section. When Frank reveals the contents for the rest of the groceries and before the humans return to the supermarket, the groceries choose to not believe Frank, despite his warning.

The movie was given an NC-17 rating by the MPAA due to the visibility of pubic hair. The pubic hair was then removed. The movie got an R-rating for strong crude sexual content, explicit language and drug use.

The movie was released in the United States on Friday, August 12, 2016. 

"Sausage Party" took in $97.7 million in North America and $42.8 million in other countries. The total take-in was $140.4 million, against a budget of $19 million. 

The movie has an 82% rating by Rotten Tomatoes, meaning good reviews.

Arizona (disambiguation)

Arizona is a state in the southwestern United States.

Arizona can also refer to:


Belt and Road Initiative

The Belt and Road Initiative (BRI), also known as the New Silk Road, is a plan by the government of the People's Republic of China to build infrastructure for transportation, from China to other countries in Asia, Europe, and Africa. The project was announced in 2013. The "Belt" means the roads and railway tracks on land. The "Road" means sea routes.

At first, it was called "One Belt, One Road" (OBOR, Chinese: 一帶 一路 / 一带 一路, pinyin: Yidai Yilu).

A high-speed railway in Thailand is part of OBOR; the Bangkok-Phitsanulok High-Speed Railway is under construction (as of 2017).

The idea has always had its critics. There has been criticism about human rights violations and environmental impact. In the main, the critics do not expect most recipient countries to pay China back. In many cases there is not the slightest chance of repayment. Secondly, some (many?) of the railways are quite obviously "railways to nowhere". This is clearest in Africa.

"Some 150 countries have signed on to the Belt and Road with China, including 22 in Latin America", media said (2024).

Yash Pal

Yash Pal (26 November 1926 – 24 July 2017), also known as Yash Pal Singh, was an Indian scientist, educator and educationist. He was known for his works to the study of cosmic rays, as well as for being an institution-builder. In his later years, he has become one of the leading science communicators of the country.

Starting his career at Tata Institute of Fundamental Research (TIFR), he later remained chairman of the University Grants Commission from 1986 to 1991. In 2013, he was awarded India's second highest civilian honour, the Padma Vibhushan.

Pal died of lung cancer on 24 July 2017 in Noida, Uttar Pradesh at the age of 90.


Supreme Leader Snoke

Supreme Leader Snoke is a fictional character and a major antagonist in the "Star Wars" franchise. He was introduced in the 2015 movie "". He is a CGI character voiced and performed by Andy Serkis.

Snoke is the leader of the First Order, an organization brought back from the fallen Galactic Empire, which wants to reclaim control of the galaxy. Powerful with The Force, he has seduced Kylo Ren to become evil and eventually led to him killing his father Han Solo. 

Snoke also appeared in where he bridges the minds of Rey and Kylo Ren in order to manipulate them. Kylo Ren kills Snoke and takes his place as leader of the First Order. In it is revealed that Snoke is a clone and a puppet of the resurrected Darth Sidious.

Star Wars: The Last Jedi

Star Wars: The Last Jedi (also known as Star Wars: Episode VIII – The Last Jedi) is an American epic space opera movie written and directed by Rian Johnson. It was released worldwide in December 2017. It is the second movie in the "Star Wars" sequel trilogy, after "". It is followed by "."

The movie is produced by Lucasfilm and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It stars Mark Hamill, Carrie Fisher, Adam Driver, Daisy Ridley, John Boyega, Oscar Isaac, Lupita Nyong'o, Domhnall Gleeson, Anthony Daniels, Gwendoline Christie, and Andy Serkis in returning roles. New cast members include Benicio del Toro, Laura Dern, and Kelly Marie Tran. Fisher died in December 2016, making "The Last Jedi" her final movie role.

The movie was announced after Disney's purchase of Lucasfilm in October 2012. It is produced by Ram Bergman and Lucasfilm president Kathleen Kennedy. John Williams, composer for the previous seven films, returned to compose the score. Scenes that required shooting at Skellig Michael in Ireland were filmed during pre-production in September 2015, with principal photography beginning at Pinewood Studios in England in February 2016 and ending in July 2016.

"The Last Jedi" was released on December 15, 2017. A sequel, "", was released on December 20, 2019.

On Rotten Tomatoes, the film has an approval rating of 91% based on 379 critic reviews, with an average rating of 8.1/10.


Paul D. Boyer

Paul Delos Boyer (July 31, 1918 – June 2, 2018) was an American biochemist, analytical chemist, and a professor of chemistry at University of California, Los Angeles (UCLA). 

Boyer shared the 1997 Nobel Prize in Chemistry for research on the "enzymatic mechanism underlying the biosynthesis of adenosine triphosphate (ATP)" (ATP synthase) with John E. Walker, making Boyer the only Utah-born Nobel laureate; the remainder of the Prize in that year was awarded to Danish chemist Jens Christian Skou for his discovery of the Na+/K+-ATPase.

In 2003 he was one of 22 Nobel Laureates who signed the Humanist Manifesto.

Boyer died two months shy of his 100th birthday in Los Angeles, California on June 2, 2018 of respiratory failure.


Kujataa

"Kujataa is a sub-arctic farming landscape in the southern region of Greenland".

The first known example of agriculture (or farming) in the Arctic is at Kujataa.

The oldest trace of the spreading of the Old Norse culture outside Europe is at Kujataa.

Kujataa got its name on the UNESCO World Heritage List in 2017.

Bucyrus, Ohio

Bucyrus is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is the county seat of Crawford County.

Crawford County, Ohio

Crawford County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 42,025 people lived there. The county seat is Bucyrus.

Cuyahoga County, Ohio

Cuyahoga County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 1,264,817 people lived there. The county seat is Cleveland. It was named after the Cuyahoga River.

Stark County, Ohio

Stark County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 374,853 people lived there. The county seat is Canton.

Greene County, Ohio

Greene County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 167,966 people lived there. Its county seat is Xenia. It was named for General Nathanael Greene, an officer in the Revolutionary War.

Mahoning County, Ohio

Mahoning County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 228,614 people lived there. The county seat is Youngstown.

Campbell, Ohio

Campbell (; ) is a city in Mahoning County, Ohio, United States. The population was 7,852 at the 2020 census.

Carlisle, Ohio

Carlisle is a city of Ohio in the United States.

Montgomery County, Ohio

Montgomery County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 537,309 people lived there. The county seat is Dayton.

Fellering

Fellering is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Ferrette

Ferrette is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Befotaka

Befotaka is a town in Atsimo-Atsinanana Region in south-eastern Madagascar. It is near the Itomampy river.

Sogndal

Sogndal is a municipality in Norway. It is in Sogn og Fjordane county. It is on the northern shore of the Sognefjorden in the traditional district of Sogn. The village of Sogndalsfjøra (population 3,455 in 2012) is the administrative center of Sogndal municipality. Other villages include Kaupanger, Kjørnes, Fimreite, Nornes, and Fjærland. Sogndal Airport, Haukåsen is southwest of Kaupanger.

In 1917, a farmer in Sogndal plowed up the Eggja stone, a gravestone with runic inscriptions important for the history of the Old Norse language.



Degen, Switzerland

Degen was a municipality, in the new municipality of Lumnezia and the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Disentis

Disentis/Mustér (, ) is a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Le Vaud

Le Vaud is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Egesheim

Egesheim is a municipality in Tuttlingen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Emmingen-Liptingen

Emmingen-Liptingen is a municipality of the district of Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Emmingen was first mentioned in 820, Liptingen in 761. The municipalities were joined together in 1975.


Flix

Flix is a municipality found in the province of Tarragona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Bludesch

Bludesch is a municipality in the district of Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Tatabánya

Tatabánya () () is a city in northwestern Hungary. It is in the Central Transdanubian region. It is the capital of Komárom-Esztergom County.

Arrington

Arrington is a village and civil parish in Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom.

Centerville, Ohio

Centerville is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is in both Montgomery and Greene counties.

Fessenheim

Fessenheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Lost in Space

Lost in Space is an American science fiction TV series which was created by Irwin Allen and produced at the 20th Century Fox studios. It ran on CBS from 1965 until 1968, making three seasons with a total of 83 episodes. Its first season was made in black-and-white while its second and third seasons were made in color. The show stars Guy Williams, June Lockhart, Mark Goddard, Marta Kristen, Billy Mumy, Angela Cartwright and Jonathan Harris. The show's music was composed by Johnny Williams.

"Lost in Space" is set to the year 1997, when the United States sends the Robinson family on a mission in outer space to the planet Alpha Centauri, which is thought to support life. However, while trying to sabotage this mission, Dr. Smith is accidentally trapped inside the ship, "Jupiter 2". To try to return to Earth, Dr. Smith ends up changing the ship's course, causing him and the Robinsons to become hopelessly lost in space. Because the series was unexpectedly canceled, the story was never finished. In the last episode, Dr. Smith and the Robinsons are still lost in space, stuck in a junkyard.



BMW Z4

The BMW Z4 is a rear-wheel drive sports car by the German car maker BMW. It is part of a line of past BMW roadsters such as the BMW Z1, BMW 507, BMW Z8, and the BMW Z3. The Z4 replaces the Z3. First generation production started in 2002 to replace the BMW Z3 introduced in 1995, at a plant in Greer, South Carolina, of BMW US. Both roadster and coupe versions of the car were made.

The Z4’s body dimensions were larger and its wheelbase was longer and wider. The suspension was also upgraded to be stiffer and the car was equipped with a sport package which firmed up the steering.

When it came out, it won "Automobile" magazine's "Design of the Year Award". With the 2009 model year, BMW started making the second-generation Z4 at BMW's Regensburg, Germany plant as a retractable hardtop roadster. In 2009, the BMW Z4 II won the Red Dot Design Award.

Carl von Ossietzky

Carl von Ossietzky (3 October 1889 – 4 May 1938) was a German journalist and peacemaker. He was awarded the 1935 Nobel Peace Prize because he exposed the secret German re-armament. He was convicted of treason and spying afterwards.


David Copperfield (illusionist)

David Seth Kotkin (September 16, 1956), known professionally as David Copperfield, is an American illusionist. He is described by "Forbes" as the most commercially successful magician in history. Copperfield's career of over 40 years has earned him 11 Guinness World Records. Copperfield has won a total of 21 Emmy Awards. He has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame. Copperfield was knighted by the French government. He has also been named a Living Legend by the US Library of Congress. Copperfield was born in Metuchen, New Jersey, United States. His parents were immigrants from the USSR which is now present-day Ukraine.

David Copperfield (disambiguation)

David Copperfield is a novel written by Charles Dickens. "David Copperfield" can also mean:


Barbara Sinatra

Barbara Marx Sinatra (née Blakeley; March 10, 1927 – July 25, 2017) was an American model and showgirl. She was born in Bosworth, Missouri. She was married to Zeppo Marx from 1959 to 1973 and was the fourth and final wife of Frank Sinatra from 1976 until his death in 1998. 

In 1998, a Golden Palm Star on the Palm Springs Walk of Stars was dedicated to her.

Sinatra died on July 25, 2017 in Rancho Mirage, California of natural causes at the age of 90.


Gretel Bergmann

Margaret "Gretel" Bergmann-Lambert (née Bergmann; April 12, 1914 – July 25, 2017) was an American Jewish athlete. She was born in Laupheim, Württemberg. She competed as a high jumper during the 1930s. Because of her Jewish origins, the Nazis prevented her from taking part in the 1936 Summer Olympics, after which she left Germany and vowed never to return. She later moved to the United States.

Bergmann turned 100 in April 2014.

Bergmann died in Queens, New York on July 25, 2017 at he age of 103.

Thomas Fleming

Thomas James Fleming (July 5, 1927 – July 23, 2017) was an American military historian and historical novelist. He was born in Jersey City, New Jersey. 

Fleming was the author of over forty nonfiction and fiction titles. His work was about the particular interest on the American Revolution, with titles such as "Liberty! The American Revolution And The Future Of America, Duel: Alexander Hamilton, Aaron Burr, and the History of America" and "Washington's Secret War: The Hidden History of Valley Forge".

Fleming died at his home in New York City on July 23, 2017 at the age of 90.


Solomon Perel

Solomon Perel (21 April 1925 — 2 February 2023), also Shlomo Perel or Sally Perel, was a German-born Israeli author and motivational speaker. He was born in Peine, Lower Saxony, Germany to a German Jewish family. He escaped persecution by the Nazis by pretending to be an ethnic German.

His life story is told in the 1990 movie "Europa Europa" loosely based on his autobiography "Ich war Hitlerjunge Salomon" ("I Was Hitler Youth Salomon").


It Just Comes Natural

It Just Comes Natural is the 24th studio album by George Strait. The album was released on October 3, 2006 through MCA Nashville Records. The song "Give It Away" from the album was Strait's 41st Number One for "Billboard" Hot Country Songs.

Sangul Utindaan

A Sangul Utindaanː is a traditional spiritual custodian of the Sangul people in Northern Ghana. Some sources translate this position's name to mean the Sangul's "overlord" or "landlord". 

In November 2017, the serving Utindaan is Wunikpel Mbaliye Jato. The descendants of the Utidaan are Gasetiib, a clan in the Tatale-Sangul District. This role is not the same as one with a similar name in the Saboba District of Northern Ghanabhggg, which has a different title and role.

List of governors of Bihar

The Governor of Bihar is a head and representative of the President of India in the state of Bihar. The Governor is appointed by the President for a time of 5 years. Rajendra Vishvnath Arlekar is the current Governor of Bihar state.

Keshari Nath Tripathi

Keshari Nath Tripathi (; 10 November 1934 – 8 January 2023) was an Indian politician. He was the Governor of West Bengal. He took promise as governor of West Bengal on 24 July 2014 and as governor of Bihar on 27 November in 2017. He was selected as the governor of Mizoram on 4 April 2015. He was an experienced BJP leader. Earlier, he was the speaker of Uttar Pradesh legislative assembly and the president of Uttar Pradesh unit of Bharatiya Janata Party.

Tripathi died on 8 January 2023 in Prayagraj. He was 88.


List of current Indian governors

The following is the list of Governor's of State in India

List of current Indian lieutenant governors and administors

Cheviot, Ohio

Cheviot is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is in Hamilton County.

Guernsey County, Ohio

Guernsey County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 38,438 people lived there. The county seat is Cambridge.

Bad Waldsee

Bad Waldsee is a town in the district of Ravensburg in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Bad Waldsee is 20 km south of Biberach an der Riß, and 20 km northeast of Ravensburg.

Formazza

Formazza (Walliser German: "Pomatt", Piedmontese: "Formassa") is a "comune" (municipality) in the Province of Verbano-Cusio-Ossola in the Italian region Piedmont.

Formazza is about northeast of Turin and north of Verbania. It is on the border with Switzerland.

As of 2004 about 443 people lived there. It has an area of .

The municipality of Formazza contains the "frazioni" (subdivisions, mainly villages and hamlets) Foppiano, Antillone, Fondovalle, Chiesa, Valdo, San Michele, Ponte, Brendo, Grovella, Canza, Sotto Frua, La Frua, and Riale.

Formazza borders the following municipalities: Baceno, Bedretto (Switzerland), Bignasco (Switzerland), Binn (Switzerland), Bosco/Gurin (Switzerland), Cavergno (Switzerland), Premia, Reckingen-Gluringen (Switzerland), Ulrichen (Switzerland).

The village was founded by Walser and Walser German is still spoken.


Chesterfield, England

Chesterfield is a major city in the East Midlands region of England. Other main cities in the East Midlands include: Nottingham, Leicester, Lincoln, Derby, Northampton, and Mansfield.

Pickaway County, Ohio

Pickaway County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 58,539 people lived there. The county seat is Circleville.

Circleville, Ohio

Circleville is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Pickaway County.

Logan County, Ohio

Logan County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In the 2020 census, 46,150 people lived there. The county seat is Bellefontaine. The county was founded in 1818 and named for Benjamin Logan, who fought Native Americans in the area.

Sarzens

Sarzens is a former municipality of the district of Broye-Vully in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 January 2017, it is part of the municipality of Lucens.

Abbéville-la-Rivière

Abbéville-la-Rivière is a commune. It is in the Essonne department in north France.

Fislis

Fislis is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Domat/Ems

Domat/Ems (, ) is a municipality of the district of Imboden in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Bescanó

Bescanó is a municipality in the province of Girona and autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Piła

Piła () is a town in northwestern Poland. In 2006, 75,044 people lived there. Piła is the largest town in the northern part of Great Poland. It is the capital of Piła County.


Delfinópolis

Delfinópolis is a municipality in southwest Minas Gerais, Brazil.

These municipalities are next to Delfinópolis: São Roque de Minas (N), São João Batista do Glória (E), Passos and Cássia (S), Ibiraci (SW), and Sacramento (W).

Southern Leyte

Southern Leyte (, ) is a province of the Philippines. It is in the Eastern Visayas region. The capital is the city of Maasin.

Bontoc, Southern Leyte

Bontoc is a 4th class municipality in the province of Southern Leyte, Philippines.

Bontoc is politically subdivided into 40 barangays.

Sogod

Sogod can mean:

Kudamatsu

Kudamatsu (), is a city in Yamaguchi Prefecture, Japan.

Nanchang

Nanchang () is the capital of Jiangxi province in southeast China.

Madingley

Madingley is a village in Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom. It is near Coton and Dry Drayton.

Flaxlanden

Flaxlanden is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Folgensbourg

Folgensbourg is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Swedish Transport Agency's law-breaking of security for computer system

Swedish Transport Agency's law-breaking of security for computer system was law-breaking - exposed by media in 2017 - regarding the security of information in a database of the governmental agency, Swedish Transport Agency.

In January 2017 Sweden's Cabinet fired the agency's director, Maria Ågren; why she was fired was held secret for the public; instead, the public was told that she did not continue in the job, because of disagreement between Ågren and minister of infrastructure, Anna Johansson.

On 27 July 2017 the prime minister announced that two ministers will leave their job: Interior Minister Anders Ygeman and Infrastructure Minister Anna Johansson; this happened because " a no-confidence motion against three of the government's ministers by the opposition Alliance coalition".

Chief of the agency, Maria Ågren let IBM work on the agency's computer systems in 2015; she did not follow a warning that came from other workers in the Swedish Transport Agency, and she did not follow a warning that came from Swedish Security Service ("Säpo").

IBM took over the agency's IT operations, and "IBM used subcontractors abroad, making sensitive information and an entire database of Swedish drivers’ licences accessible by foreign technicians who did not have the usual security clearance".

On 6 July 2017 media said that Ågren was under police investigation.
Ågren was told to pay a fine: 70,000 kronor, after a police investigation "found her guilty of being 'careless with secret information'".

Mary Ruwart

Mary J. Ruwart (born October 16, 1949) is a retired American biomedical researcher and libertarian speaker, writer, and activist. She was a leading candidate for the 2008 Libertarian Party presidential nomination and is the author of the award-winning "Healing Our World".

In March 2008, Ruwart announced her candidacy for the Libertarian presidential nomination in the 2008 election. She lost the nomination to Bob Barr on the sixth ballot at the 2008 Libertarian National Convention on May 25, 2008.

Ruwart unsuccessfully ran for Texas Comptroller in 2010 against incumbent Republican Susan Combs. She received 417,523 votes (10.5%) in a race that had no Democrat.


Leo Kinnunen

Leo Juhani "Leksa" Kinnunen (5 August 1943 – 26 July 2017) was a Finnish racing driver, and the first Formula One driver from Finland. He was born in Tampere, Finland.

Kinnunen won the Nordic Challenge Cup in 1969, the Interserie from 1971–1973, and helped Porsche to take the World Sportscar Championship for manufacturers in 1970 (drivers championships were not awarded until 1981). In 1974, he switched to Formula One. He was the last driver to compete in Formula One using an open-face helmet.

Kinnunen died on 26 July 2017 at his home in Turku, Finland of pneumonia at the age of 73.


Louise Merzeau

Sylvie Merzeau (commonly called Louise Merzeau, 8 November 1963 – 15 July 2017) was a French academic, university professor at the Paris Nanterre University, specializing on communication studies, as well as a photographer. She was a trustee of Wikimedia France. She was born in Paris.

Merzeau died in Paris on 15 July 2017 of pancreatic cancer at the age of 53.

Fritz Hellwig

Fritz Hellwig (3 August 1912 – 22 July 2017) was a German CDU politician and European Commissioner. 

He was born in Saarbrücken, Germany. Before and during the war he was a member of the Nazi Party and the SA. After the war he served as European Commissioner for Research, Technology and Information Distribution from 1967 through 1970. 

Hellwid turned 100 in August 2012. He died on 22 July 2017 in Berlin of cardiopulmonary arrest at the age of 104.

Giovanni Battista Pichierri

Giovanni Battista Pichierri (February 12, 1943 – July 26, 2017) was an Italian prelate of Roman Catholic Church. He was born in Sava, Apulia.

He was ordained to the priesthood in 1967. Pichierri served as bishop of the Diocese of Cerignola-Ascoli Satriano, Italy from 1990 to 1999. He then served as archbishop of the Archdiocese of Trani-Barletta-Bisceglie from 1999 to his death in 2017.

Pichierri died in Trani, Apulia of an aortic aneurysm on July 26, 2017 at the age of 74.

Lawrence Pezzulo

Lawrence Anthony Pezzulo (May 3, 1926 – July 26, 2017) was an American politician and Foreign Service officer. He served as the United States Ambassador to Nicaragua (1979–1981) and to Uruguay (1977–1979) during the Jimmy Carter presidency. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Pezzulo was born in New York City. He studied at Columbia University. He married Josephine DiMattia in February 1950. They had three children.

Pezzulo died on July 26, 2017 at his home in Baltimore, Maryland from complications of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 91.

Max (footballer, born 1975)

Maxlei dos Santos Luzia or simply Max (27 February 1975 – 26 July 2017) was a Brazilian goalkeeper. He was born in Rio de Janiero. He was known for playing for Portuguesa-RJ, Vila Nova and Botafogo.

In June 2017, Max was the victim of an attempted robbery. The former goalkeeper suffered a fractured right hand and a cerebral edema. On 26 July 2017, Santos Luzia died of a cerebral edema in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 42.


Michael McElhatton

Michael McElhatton (born 12 September 1963) is an Irish actor and writer. He is best known for playing the role of Roose Bolton in the HBO series "Game of Thrones". He joined the series as a guest star in the second season, and continued to play this role until season 5, promoted to a regular cast member.

His first well known role was that of Rats Doyle in the Irish sitcom "Paths to Freedom".

In 2011, he had a role in the movie "Albert Nobbs " directed by Rodrigo García, and the following year the short " Pentecost ", which received a nomination for Best Short Film at the 2012 Academy Awards.

Chilika Lake

Chilika Lake is the biggest brackish water lake on India's east coast. The lake is located in Odisha. It is attached to the Bay of Bengal. Part of the lake isa bird sanctuary.

Swedish Transport Agency

The Swedish Transport Agency () is a Swedish government agency under the Ministry of Enterprise, Energy and Communications. It was formed on 1 January 2009, through a merger of several government agencies, including the Civil Aviation Administration.

It has its headquarters in Norrköping, Sweden.

The agency regulates and inspects transportation systems in Sweden.

The chief of the agency, Maria Ågren, lost her job in January 2017.

On 27 July 2017 the prime minister announced that two ministers will leave their job: Interior Minister Anders Ygeman and Infrastructure Minister Anna Johansson; this happened because " a no-confidence motion against three of the government's ministers by the opposition Alliance coalition".

Nakhon Ratchasima

Nakhon Ratchasima is a city in Thailand's Nakhon Ratchasima Province.

The collapse of the Royal Plaza Hotel killed 137 people in the city on 13 August 1993. 

A high-speed rail line from Bangkok is being planned. The line will be built meters above ground, on 15 kilometers of the track, "to avoid causing traffic problems in downtown Muang district", between Phukhao Lat and Ban Ko railway stations.

A mass shooting occurred in the city on 8 and 9 February 2020.

John Delaney

John Kevin "JK" Delaney (born April 16, 1963) is an American politician and businessman. He was the United States Representative for Maryland's 6th congressional district from 2013 to 2019.

On July 28, 2017, Delaney became the first Democrat to announce he is running for President in 2020. He ended his campaign in January 2020, days before the Iowa caucus.

Delaney was born in Wood-Ridge, New Jersey. His parents were Elaine Rowe and Jack Delaney, an electrician. He was raised in Wood-Ridge. He studied at Columbia University and Georgetown University Law Center.

Delaney has co-founded two companies, both of which are publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange. He has won the Ernst & Young Entrepreneur of the Year Award in 2004.

In 1993, he co-founded Health Care Financial Partners, to make loans available to smaller-sized health care service providers purportedly ignored by larger banks. In 2000, Delaney co-founded CapitalSource, a commercial lender headquartered in Chevy Chase, Maryland; the company provided capital to roughly 5,000 small and mid-size businesses before his departure.

Delaney retired from his business career in 2012, to pursue a career in politics.

Delaney decided to run for the newly redrawn 6th District against 10-term Republican incumbent Roscoe Bartlett. The district had long been a Republican stronghold.

During the primary, Delaney was endorsed by former President Bill Clinton, U.S. Congresswoman Donna Edwards, Comptroller Peter Franchot, the "Washington Post", and the "Gazette". On April 3, 2012, Delaney won the five-candidate Democratic primary field with 54% of the vote. The next closest opponent, State Senator Robert J. Garagiola, received 29% of the vote, 25 points behind Delaney.

In the November 6, 2012 general election, Delaney defeated Bartlett by 59%-38%, a 21-point margin.

Delaney introduced legislation to end partisan gerrymandering. The Open Our Democracy Act would appoint independent redistricting commissions nationwide to end partisan gerrymandering, make Election Day a federal holiday and create an open top-two primary system.

Delaney announced he is running for President of the United States in the 2020 presidential election in a Washington Post op-ed on July 28, 2017.

Delaney ended his campaign on January 31, 2020 after falling in poll numbers and failing to qualify for the debates.

Delaney is married to April McClain and together they have four daughters.


Stephen Tobolowsky

Stephen Harold Tobolowsky (born May 30, 1951) is an Canadian-American actor, author, and musician. He is known for movie roles such as insurance agent Ned Ryerson in "Groundhog Day" and Sammy Jankis in Christopher Nolan's "Memento", as well as such television characters as Commissioner Hugo Jarry ("Deadwood"), Bob Bishop ("Heroes"), Sandy Ryerson ("Glee"), Stu Beggs ("Californication"), and Action Jack Barker ("Silicon Valley").

Tobolowsky is Jewish.


Michael Johnson (singer)

Michael Johnson (August 8, 1944 – July 25, 2017) was an American pop, country and folk singer-songwriter and guitarist. 

Johnson was best known for his 1978 hit song "Bluer Than Blue". He charted four hits on the "Billboard" Hot 100 charts, and nine more on the Hot Country Songs charts, including two Number One country hits in 1986's "Give Me Wings" and "The Moon Is Still Over Her Shoulder". He also co-wrote "Cain's Blood", the debut single of 1990s country group 4 Runner.

Johnson died in Minneapolis, Minnesota on July 25, 2017 after suffering from a long-illness at the age of 72.


Billy Joe Walker Jr.

Billy Joe Walker Jr. (February 29, 1952 – July 25, 2017) was an American songwriter, record producer and recording artist. He made singles for Eddie Rabbitt, including "I Wanna Dance with You", "That's Why I Fell in Love with You" and "B-B-B-Burnin' Up with Love". He was born in Midland, Texas.

Walker Jr. produced the first three albums of Bryan White, and for Pam Tillis, Collin Raye and Travis Tritt. He was also a session musician who played guitar. Between 1987 and 1994, he recorded seven New Age albums, all for major labels.

Walker Jr. died following kidney failure on July 25, 2017 in Kerrville, Texas at the age of 64.


Joachim Vobbe

Joachim Gerhard Vobbe (January 5, 1947 – July 26, 2017) was a German bishop for the Catholic Diocese of the Old Catholics in Germany. He was born in Bad Honnef, Germany.

Vobbe was ordained a priest on 14 June 1972. After serving as a chaplain ("Kaplan") for five years in Catholic parishes in Cologne (1972–1974) and Düsseldorf (1974–1977), he joined the Old Catholic Church in 1977, becoming rector in Blumberg until 1982. He then served in Offenbach, latterly as Dean of Hesse.

Vobbe served as the Bishop of the Old Catholics in Germany (based in Bonn) until 2009. As bishop of a church in full communion with the Church of England, he has been licensed as an honorary assistant bishop in that church's Diocese in Europe since 1999.

Vobbe died at Königswinter on 26 July 2017 of prostate cancer at the age of 70.

Ramón Xirau

Ramón Xirau Subías (, ) (20 January 1924 – 27 July 2017) was a Spanish-born Mexican poet, philosopher and literary critic. He was born in Barcelona, Spain. 

He received the Legion of Honour from France and the Isabel la Católica from Spain awards as well as the Cruz de Saint Jordi from the Generalitat of Catalonia for his works in essay and academics in Spanish and Catalan literature.

He was a research faculty member of the UNAM y and the National System of Researchers. At the UNAM he taught at the Faculty of Philosophy and Literature and did research at the Institute of Philosophy Research. He was a member of the Colegio Nacional since 1973.

Xirau died on 27 July 2017 of congestive heart failure in Mexico City at the age of 93.

Hampton Fancher

Hampton Lansden Fancher (born July 18, 1938) is an American actor who became a movie producer and screenwriter in the late 1970s. He is known for writing the screenplay for "Blade Runner".


Santiniketan

Santiniketan is a town in Birbhum District, West Bengal, India.

Betty Boothroyd

Betty Boothroyd, Baroness Boothroyd (8 October 1929 – 26 February 2023) was a British politician. She served as a Labour Member of Parliament (MP) for West Bromwich and West Bromwich West from 1973 to 1992. 

From 1992 to 2000, she served as Speaker of the House of Commons. She was the first, and to date only, female Speaker of the House of Commons. She sat, by tradition, as a Crossbench peer in the House of Lords.

Boothroyd died at a hospital in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire on 26 February 2023 at the age of 93. Her death was announced the following day by 
Sir Lindsay Hoyle.


Matt Reeves

Matthew George "Matt" Reeves (born April 27, 1966) is an American screenwriter, director and producer. 

Reeves began his career as a screenwriter for the movies "" (1995) and "The Pallbearer" (1996). He then worked into television as a director and co-creator of the drama series "Felicity" (1998–2002) alongside J.J. Abrams. Reeves has since directed the found-footage horror movie "Cloverfield" (2008), the romantic horror movie "Let Me In" (2010), and the science fiction sequels "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" (2014) and "War for the Planet of the Apes" (2017). 

In February 2017, Warner Bros. announced that Reeves would direct "The Batman", released in 2022 and starring Robert Pattinson as the titular character.


Hsu Pang-hsing

Hsu Pang-hsing (, January 29, 1909 - August 3, 1984) was a Hakka doctor from Pingtung, Taiwan.

Hsu was born in Zhongxinlun, Neipu (, a town of Pingtung) in 1909. He studied at Neiho Elementary School (), Takao Middle School () and Taihok Medical College (). In 1931, he married Chiu Jen-mei. They had six children

After the end of World War II in 1945, Hsu began to serve as the first surgery director of National Taiwan University Hospital, but he resigned in 1950. After that, he set up Hsu Surgery Hospital (徐外科醫院) in 1950 and created Private Meiho Senior high school (美和高中) in 1961.

In 1971, he set up the Meiho Youth baseball team, six-time world champion. In 1984, Hsu died at the age of 76.



Eifel

The Eifel is a mountain range mostly in Germany. The northern part is in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia. The southern part is in the state of Rhineland-Palatinate.

The very eastern part of Belgium (the High Fens and most of the German-speaking Community of Belgium) and the northern part of Luxembourg (the Oesling) are considered to be both parts of the Ardennes and parts of the Eifel.

The western border of the Eifel is at the Belgian and Luxembourgian Ardennes. The eastern border is at the Westerwald across the Rhine River. The southern border is at the Hunsrück across the Moselle River. The northern border is at the lower regions of the Rhineland.

The Eifel has hills up to about . They are made of slate and other stones. The highest hill is the Hohe Acht with an altitude of .

Few people live in the mountain range. It has many trees, reservoirs and rivers.

The biggest settlement is the city of Aachen at the northern edge.

Because of its elevation, temperatures are low.

The Eifel is divided into:

Languages spoken in the Eifel are German, and in the Belgian and Luxembourgian parts besides German also French.

Three Central Franconian dialects of German are spoken in the Eifel:

Garry Monk

Garry Alan Monk (born 6 March 1979) is an English football manager and former player. He has managed EFL Championship club Middlesbrough since 2017. He played for Torquay United, Southampton, Barnsley and Swansea City. He has previously been the manager of Swansea and Leeds United.

Garry played for Torquay United Academy until 1995, and began playing for the first team before leaving for Southampton the next year. He rarely played for The Saints and went out on loan to Torquay, Stockport County, Oxford United and Sheffield Wendesday. He also played on loan for Barnsley, before joining permanently in January 2004.

He left for Swansea City in Summer 2004, and stayed there for ten years. Garry was captain for a while, but retired from football in 2004.

Garry started managing Swansea City as their interim player-manager after Michael Laudrup was given the sack. He was good and Swansea were not relegated to the Championship. He became the main manager the next season, and they played well and finished eighth. Garry was not good at the beginning of the next season, and was sacked in Christmas time 2015.

He was manager of Leeds United from 2016 to 2017, where they finished seventh; he resigned from his job despite the club wanting him to stay.

Garry became the manager of Middlesbrough in 2017.

Swansea City

Individual

Individual

2019 United Kingdom general election

A general election was held on 12 December 2019 to elect all 650 members to the House of Commons of the United Kingdom. The Conservative Party won with a landslide majority and Boris Johnson stayed as Prime Minister. The Labour Party lost 60 seats, giving them their lowest number of seats (202) since 1935.

Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn quit after the loss saying he "would not lead Labour at the next election". This led to a leadership election in the party where Keir Starmer became the new leader.

34 MPs out of the 650 elected had quit or been disciplined by their party or by parliamentary colleagues over claims of bad behaviour by the end of 2023. This was more than any previous parliament.

A summarised results of the parties that won seats at the election is as follows:

Kiss Me Once

Kiss Me Once is the twelfth studio album by Australian singer Kylie Minogue. It was released worldwide on 14 March 2014 by Parlophone Records, and is her first studio album since "Aphrodite" (2010). The album contains two singles, "Into the Blue" and "I Was Gonna Cancel".


Niculae Nedeff

Niculae Nedeff (September 26, 1928 – July 24, 2017) was a Romanian handball player and coach of the Romania women's national handball team and Romania national handball team. He won the World Championships seven times, three times with the girls' team and four times with the boys' team. He was born in Bucharest.

After retiring, he joined the Executive Committee of the Romanian Olympic Committee. Nedeff died on July 24, 2017 in Bucharest at the age of 88.

Obstruction of justice

Obstruction of justice is a crime. It can be lying to police about a crime or hiding evidence. Destroying evidence of a crime can also be obstruction of justice.

Paul Shanley

Paul Richard Shanley (January 25, 1931 – October 28, 2020) was an American priest and was accused and convicted of raping a child. He served at St. Jean's Parish in Newton, Massachusetts and was a known figure in the Boston clergy sex abuse scandal. He was incarcerated as inmate W84979 at Old Colony Correctional Center for raping a child in 1980 and was released from prison on July 28, 2017.

Shanley first gained notoriety during the 1970s as a "street priest", ministering to drug addicts and runaways who struggled with their sexuality. His writings included "Changing Norms of Sexuality". During the 1980s, Shanley served as pastor of St. Jean the Evangelist Parish in Newton, Massachusetts.

In February 2005, Shanley was found guilty of indecent assaults and the rape of a male minor and received a sentence of 12 to 15 years in prison. Shanley was released from Old Colony Correctional Center on July 28, 2017, after serving 12 years.

Shanley died on October 28, 2020 from heart failure at the age of 89.


Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome

Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome (MDS or MDDS) is any of a group of autosomal recessive disorders that cause a significant drop in mitochondrial DNA in affected tissues. 

Symptoms can be any combination of myopathic, hepatopathic, or encephalomyopathic. These syndromes affect tissue in the muscle, liver, or both the muscle and brain, respectively. The condition is typically fatal in infancy and early childhood, though some have survived to their teenage years with the myopathic variant and some have survived into adulthood with the SUCLA2 encephalomyopathic variant. 

There is currently no cure for any form of MDDS, though some preliminary treatments have shown a reduction in symptoms.

D. L. Menard

Doris Leon "D. L." Menard (April 14, 1932 – July 27, 2017) was an American singer-songwriter and guitarist in contemporary Cajun music. He was called the "Cajun Hank Williams." He was born in Erath, Louisiana. In 2010, his album "Happy Go Lucky" was nominated for a Grammy Award in the Best Zydeco or Cajun music album category.

Menard died on July 27, 2017 in Scott, Louisiana of a heart attack at the age of 85.

Marty Sklar

Martin A. "Marty" Sklar (February 6, 1934 – July 27, 2017) was an American businessman. He was known for working with The Walt Disney Company as its International Ambassador for Walt Disney Imagineering, the subsidiary of the company which designs and constructs Disney theme parks and resorts across the world.

Sklar was formerly Vice President of Concepts and Planning for the company, before being promoted to President, then Vice Chairman and Principal Creative Executive before his final role. Disney honored him with a Disneyland window dedication ceremony on his date of retirement, July 17, 2009.

Sklar was born in New Brunswick, New Jersey. He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles. Sklar died on July 27, 2017 in Hollywood Hills, California at the age of 83.


Dunkirk (2017 movie)

Dunkirk is a 2017 British-American war drama movie written, co-produced and directed by Christopher Nolan. The movie stars Fionn Whitehead, Tom Glynn-Carney, Jack Lowden, Harry Styles, Aneurin Barnard, James D'Arcy, Barry Keoghan, Kenneth Branagh, Cillian Murphy, Mark Rylance and Tom Hardy.

In 1940, during the Battle of France, Allied soldiers have retreated to Dunkirk. Tommy, a young British private, is the sole survivor of a German ambush. At the beach, he finds thousands of troops awaiting evacuation and meets Gibson, who is burying a body. After a Luftwaffe dive-bomber attack, they find a wounded man. They rush his stretcher onto a hospital ship, hoping to get aboard, but are ordered off. The ship is sunk by dive bombers; Tommy meets Alex. They leave at night on a destroyer, but it is torpedoed by a U-boat. Gibson saves Tommy and Alex from the sinking ship, and they get back to the beach.

With only a single, vulnerable mole available for embarking on deep-draft ships, the Royal Navy requisitions civilian vessels in Great Britain that can get to the beach. In Weymouth, a civilian sailor Dawson, with his son Peter, sets out on his boat "Moonstone", rather than let the Navy commandeer her. Impulsively, their teenage hand George joins them, hoping to do something noteworthy. At sea, they rescue a shivering shell-shocked soldier from a wrecked ship. When he realises that Dawson is sailing for Dunkirk, the soldier demands that they turn back and tries to wrest control of the boat; in the scuffle, George suffers a head injury that renders him blind. Elsewhere, three RAF Spitfires cross the English Channel, heading towards Dunkirk, tasked with defending the evacuation. After their leader is shot down in a dogfight, one of the pilots, Farrier, assumes command, but the other Spitfire is hit and ditches. Its pilot, Collins, is rescued by "Moonstone".

Tommy, Alex and Gibson join some soldiers of a Highlanders regiment and hide inside a beached trawler in the intertidal zone outside the Allied perimeter, waiting for the rising tide to refloat it. German troops shoot at the boat, and water enters through the bullet holes. Alex, hoping to lighten the boat, accuses Gibson, who has stayed silent, of being a German spy. Gibson reveals he is French; he stole the identity of the dead British soldier he buried, hoping to be evacuated with the British. The group abandons the boat when it begins to sink, but Gibson is entangled in a chain and drowns. When a nearby minesweeper is sunk by a bomber, "Moonstone" manoeuvres to take on those in the water, including Tommy and Alex. Peter discovers that George is dead. Asked by the shell-shocked soldier, he lies and says that George is fine. Farrier reaches Dunkirk, before his fuel runs out. Gliding over the beach, he shoots down a dive-bomber, saving ships and troops, and then lands beyond the perimeter. He sets fire to his plane before being taken prisoner by the Germans. In all, 300,000 men are evacuated. Royal Navy Commander Bolton stays to oversee the evacuation of the French. Arriving back in Weymouth, Dawson is congratulated for having saved so many men. The shell-shocked soldier sees George's body being carried away. Peter goes to the local newspaper; a front-page article commends George as a hero. Tommy and Alex board a train, and receive a hero's welcome when the train arrives in Woking.

Set during the Second World War, it portrays the Dunkirk evacuation. It is distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures, the movie is an international co-production between the United Kingdom, the United States, France and the Netherlands. Winston Churchill

Nolan wrote the script, told from three perspectives—the land, sea, and air—to contain little dialogue. Filming began in May 2016 in Dunkirk, France, and ended in Los Angeles, United States, where it also began post-production. Will Attenborough played Second Lieutenant. His grandfather, actor-director Richard Attenborough, appeared in "Dunkirk" (1958).

Cinematographer Hoyte van Hoytema shot the film on IMAX 65 mm and 65 mm large format movie stock. The movie made extensive use of practical effects, such as employing thousands of extras, gathering boats that had participated in the real Dunkirk evacuation, and using genuine era-appropriate planes for aerial sequences.

"Dunkirk" premiered on 13 July 2017 at Odeon Leicester Square in London, England, and was released in the United Kingdom and United States on 21 July 2017 in IMAX, 70 mm and 35 mm film. The movie has grossed over $131 million worldwide and received praise for Nolan's screenplay and direction, acting, cinematography and Hans Zimmer's musical score.



Charlie Gard

Charlie Gard (4 August 2016 – 28 July 2017) was a British infant born Bedfont, London with a rare genetic condition known as mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome that causes progressive brain damage and muscle failure, including the muscles needed to breathe. There is no treatment, and it causes death in infancy. 

His parents, Chris Gard and Connie Yates, brought him to the Great Ormond Street Hospital (GOSH) in October 2016 because he was having trouble breathing, and he was put on mechanical ventilation. 

His condition continued to deteriorate, and the genetic condition was diagnosed in November. The doctors and parents initially agreed to attempt an experimental treatment, but after the child had seizures that caused more brain damage in January, the doctors withdrew their support for trying the treatment because it was futile and would only prolong whatever pain the infant was suffering. 

The doctors thought it would be best for the child to remove life support and allow him to die, but the parents still wanted to try the treatment.

This disagreement led to a series of court cases. The courts consistently supported GOSH's position, and the parents eventually dropped their challenge and agreed to withdraw life support. There was one more court case, about how to allow the child to die, which was decided on 27 July. On that day he was transferred to a hospice, and on the next day mechanical ventilation was withdrawn and he died at the age of 11 months and 24 days, a week before his first birthday.

A week after being placed in hospice care in London on 28 July 2017 at 11 months.


Inder Kumar

Inder Kumar (26 August 1973 – 28 July 2017) was an Indian actor. He was born in Jaipur, Rajasthan. Kumar was best known for playing supporting roles in Hindi movies such as "Wanted", "Tumko Na Bhool Paayenge" and "Kahin Pyaar Na Ho Jaaye".

Kumar died of a heart attack on 28 July 2017 in Mumbai, Maharastra at the age of 43.


John G. Morris

John Godfrey Morris (December 7, 1916 – July 28, 2017) was an American picture editor and an important figure in the history of photojournalism. He was born in Maple Shade, New Jersey. He worked for the weekly picture magazine "Life" throughout World War II.

Morris died on July 28, 2017 in Paris of heart failure at the age of 100.


Ovidio Messa

Ovidio Messa Soruco (12 December 1952 – 27 July 2017) was a Bolivian footballer. He was born in Yacuíba, Bolivia. He was known for playing for the Bolivia national football team from 1978 through 1979. 

Messa died on 27 July 2017 of pancreatic cancer in Alicante, Spain at the age of 64.


Gabriel Iglesias

Gabriel Jesus Iglesias (born July 15, 1976) is an American stand-up comedian, actor, producer, writer, singer, dancer, voice artist, and comedian, best known for his shows "I'm Not Fat... I'm Fluffy" and "Hot & Fluffy".

Iglesias was born Gabriel Jesus Iglesias in San Diego, California on July 15, 1976.


Donat, Switzerland

Donat was a municipality in Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, the former municipalities of Casti-Wergenstein, Donat, Lohn and Mathon merged to form the new municipality of Muntogna da Schons.


Duvin

Duvin () was a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2014, the former municipalities of Duvin, Castrisch, Ilanz, Ladir, Luven, Pitasch, Riein, Ruschein, Schnaus, Sevgein, Pigniu, Rueun and Siat merged into the new municipality of Ilanz/Glion.

Coshocton, Ohio

Coshocton is a city in Ohio, United States. It is the county seat of Coshocton County.

Coshocton County, Ohio

Coshocton County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 36,612 people lived there. The county seat is Coshocton.

Montreux

Montreux () is a municipality in Riviera-Pays-d'Enhaut in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

It is on Lake Geneva shoreline at the foot of the Alps and has a population, , of and nearly 90,000 in the agglomeration.

The Montreux Jazz Festival, annually in July since 1967.

In 1990, the Wakker Prize was awarded to Montreux.

The earliest settlement was a Late Bronze Age village at Baugy. Montreux lies on the northeast shore of Lake Geneva at the fork in the Roman road from Italy over the Simplon Pass, where the roads to the Roman capital of Aventicum and the road into Gaul through Besançon separated. This made it an important settlement already in Roman times.

In the 12th century, viticulture was introduced to the region, and the sunny slopes of the lake from Lavaux to Montreux became an important wine-growing region.

The region was subject to various princes, most notably the princes of Savoy from the south side of the lake. They unified the territory which comprises the present canton of Vaud and were generally popular sovereigns.

After the Burgundian Wars in the 15th century, the Swiss in Berne occupied the region without resistance, an indication of the weakness of the princes of Savoy. The Reformation made the region around Montreux and Vevey an attractive haven for Huguenots from Italy, who brought their artisanal skills and set up workshops and businesses.

In 1798, Napoleon liberated the region from the Bernese. In the 19th century, the tourist industry became a major commercial outlet, with the grand hotels of Montreux attracting the rich and cultured from Europe and America.

Starting in the 19th century there were three independent municipalities that shared a central authority. This county council was made up of four deputies from Le Châtelard, two from Les Planches and one from Veytaux. The church, the market hall of La Rouvenaz, the secondary school (the building was from 1872 and 1897) and the slaughter-house (1912) were all owned by the county council. Each municipality had its own taxes and a mayor. In 1962, the municipalities of Le Châtelard and Les Planches merged, while Veytaux remained independent.

Baugy, Brent, Caux, Chailly-sur-Montreux, Chamby, Chaulin, Chêne, Chernex, Clarens, Collonge, Cornaux, Crin, Fontanivent, Glion, Jor, Le Châtelard, Les Avants, Les Planches, Mont-Fleuri, Pallens, Pertit, Planchamp, Sonzier, Tavel, Territet, Vernex, Villard-sur-Chamby and Vuarennes.

The Köppen climate classification subtype for Montreux's climate is "Cfb" (Marine West Coast Climate/Oceanic climate).


Montreux is twinned with the towns of Menton, France and Wiesbaden, Germany, and with the city of Chiba in Japan.


Le Châtelard

Le Châtelard is a village and former municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

On 1 January 1962 the former municipalities of Le Châtelard and Les Planches merged into the new municipality of Montreux.

Les Planches

Les Planches is a village and former municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.

On 1 January 1962 the former municipalities of Le Châtelard and Les Planches merged into the new municipality of Montreux.

Caux, Switzerland

Caux is a small village in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is part of the municipality of Montreux.

Clarens, Switzerland

Clarens is a village in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is part of the municipality of Montreux.

It was made famous throughout Europe by the immense success of the book La Nouvelle Héloïse by Jean-Jacques Rousseau.

Whilst in Clarens, the Russian composer Igor Stravinsky wrote his ballets "The Rite of Spring" and "Pulcinella" and in March 1878, Tchaikovsky wrote his "Violin Concerto".

Paul Kruger, hero of South African independence from Britain, died here. For this reason, a village in South Africa was given the same name.

The anarchist and geographer Élisée Reclus resided in Clarens.

Writer Vladimir Nabokov is buried there.

The 19th century writer, diplomat and MP David Urquhart of Braelangwell, who introduced the Turkish bath to Britain, is buried here.

Glion

Glion is a village in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is part of the municipality of Montreux.

This place is where Henri Nestlé died of a heart attack in 1890.

Les Avants

Les Avants is a village in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. It is part of the municipality of Montreux.

Territet

Territet is a village in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is part of the municipality of Montreux. It is between Montreux and Veytaux, on the Lake Geneva shore.

Hohenlohe (district)

The Hohenlohekreis is a rural district () in the north of Baden-Württemberg, Germany. Neighbor districts are: Neckar-Odenwald, Main-Tauber, Schwäbisch Hall and Heilbronn. The capital is Künzelsau.

Fortschwihr

Fortschwihr is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Franken, Haut-Rhin

Franken is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Therese Johaug

Therese Johaug (born 25 June 1988) is a Norwegian professional cross-country skier. She won the FIS Nordic World Ski Championships 2013 – Women's 10 kilometre freestyle.

Johaug will not (as of August 2017) be able to qualify for the Olympic Games in 2018.

Johaug has (as of August 2017) a suspension for doping in sport. She cannot compete for 18 months, after 13 October 2016.

FIS, or International Ski Federation, made the doping case go to CAS, or Court of Arbitration for Sport; FIS did this, because the organization thinks that the punishment is not long enough. Her case was heard on 6 June 2017.

The decision (from CAS) about punishment, was: suspension for 18 months.

Saint-Martin-lez-Tatinghem

Saint-Martin-lez-Tatinghem is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department of northern France. It was incorporated on 1 January 2016 by the combination of the former communes of Saint-Martin-au-Laërt and Tatinghem.

Enquin-lez-Guinegatte

Enquin-lez-Guinegatte is a commune in the Pas-de-Calais department of northern France. It was incorporated on 1 January 2017 by the combination of the former communes of Enquin-les-Mines and Enguinegatte.

Saint-Augustin, Pas-de-Calais

Saint-Augustin is a commune. It is found in the Pas-de-Calais department of northern France. It was incorporated on 1 January 2016 by the combination of the former communes of Clarques and Rebecques.

Bellinghem

Bellinghem is a commune. It is found in the Pas-de-Calais department of northern France. It was incorporated on 1 September 2016 by the combination of the former communes of Herbelles and Inghem.

Frittlingen

Frittlingen is a municipality in Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.

Gmunden

Gmunden is a town in the Austrian state of Upper Austria. It is the capital of the district of Gmunden.


Bajram Curri (town)

Bajram Curri is a town in northern Albania. The town is named after Bajram Curri.

Pedregulho

Pedregulho is a municipality in the Brazilian state of São Paulo.

Buenos Aires, Cauca

Buenos Aires is a municipality in the Cauca Department in Colombia. It was founded in by Vasco de Guzmán and Alonso de Fuenmayor in 1551.

Morales, Cauca

Morales is a municipality in the Cauca Department, Colombia.

Cauca Department

Cauca is a department in the southwestern part of the Colombia. The capital is Popayán.

Mercer County, Ohio

Mercer County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 42,528 people lived there. The county seat is Celina.

Crestline, Ohio

Crestline is a village in Ohio in the United States.

Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio

Cuyahoga Falls is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Hamilton County, Ohio

Hamilton County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 830,639 people lived there. The county seat is Cincinnati.

Ross County, Ohio

Ross County is a county in the Appalachian region of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 77,093 people lived there. The county seat is Chillicothe.

Delphos, Ohio

Delphos is a city in Ohio in the United States.

Jon van Rood

Johannes Joseph "Jon" van Rood (7 April 1926 – 21 July 2017) was a Dutch immunologist. He founded Eurotransplant in 1967, a non-profit organization responsible for encouraging and coordinating organ transplants. He was born in Scheveningen, the Netherlands.

In 1977 van Rood was awarded the Robert Koch Prize. In 1978, he was awarded the Wolf Prize in Medicine, jointly with George D. Snell and Jean Dausset. van Rood became member of the Royal Netherlands Academy of Arts and Sciences in 1978.

Van Rood died on 21 July 2017 in Leeuwarden, the Netherlands at the age of 91.


Enzo Bettiza

Vincenzo Bettiza (7 June 1927 – 28 July 2017) was a Croatian-born Italian novelist, journalist and politician. He was born in Split, Kingdom of Yugoslavia .

Bettiza has been director of several Italian newspaper and author of numerous books. as a journalist he devoted his attention to Eastern European countries and nationalities, and Southeastern Europe, Yugoslavian area in particular.

In the period 1957-1965 he was foreign correspondent for the newspaper "La Stampa", first from Vienna and then from Moscow. Later he moved to "Corriere della Sera", for which he worked for ten years.

Starting from 1976, he was member of the Italian Senate and the European Parliament.

Bettiza died on 28 July 2017 in Rome, Italy at the age of 90.

Redha Malek

Redha Malek (21 December 1931 – 29 July 2017) was an Algerian politician. He was the Prime Minister of Algeria from August 21, 1993 to April 1994.

He was prime Minister in the early years of the Algerian Civil War. He did not support Islamist policies. He worked with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) on a plan for financial reform. He negotiated debt relief plan with the IMF for Algeria.

Malek died on 29 July 2017 in Algiers, Algeria after a long-illness at the age of 85.

Yuri Alekseevich Ryzhov

Yuri Alekseevich Ryzhov (; October 28, 1930 – July 29, 2017) was a Soviet and Russian scientist in the field of fluid dynamics, political and social activist. He was born in Moscow. He was a member of the Russian Academy of Sciences (Academician since 1987; Corresponding Member since 1981). He served as Russian Ambassador to France from 1992 through 1998.

Ryzhov died on July 29, 2017 in Moscow at the age of 86.


Hastings and Rye (UK Parliament constituency)

Hastings and Rye is a constituency of the UK Parliament in East Sussex. It was created in 1983. Since then it has been held by the Conservative Party, apart from 1997 to 2010 when it held by Michael Foster for the Labour Party. Between 2010 and 2019 it was represented by Amber Rudd. Rudd was in the Theresa May's Cabinet. Between 2016 and 2018 she was Home Secretary, and between 2018 to 2019 she was Secretary of State for Work and Pensions. Since 2019 it has been represented by Sally-Ann Hart.

Southampton Itchen (UK Parliament constituency)

Southampton, Itchen is a constituency represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament since 2015 by Royston Smith, a Conservative member of parliament.

The electorate is 74,513 (December 2010).

Bournemouth West (UK Parliament constituency)

Bournemouth West is a borough constituency represented in the House of Commons of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It elects one Member of Parliament (MP) by the first past the post system of election. It is represented in the House of Commons of the UK Parliament by Conor Burns.

As of 2011, the population is 98,968.

Makhmut Gareev

Makhmut Akhmetovich Gareyev ( ) (June 23, 1923 – December 25, 2019) was a Russian General of the Army, a historian, and a military scientist. He was the former Deputy Chief of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the USSR. He was the president of the Russian Academy of Military Sciences.

Gareyev held the Doctor of Science degree in History and Military Science.

Gareev was born in Chelyabinsk. He died on December 25, 2019 in Moscow at the age of 96.

Kosovo War

The Kosovo War was a controversial war that took place from 1998 to 1999 in the Federal Republic of Yugoslavia. The Kosovo Liberation Army fought the Yugoslavian army from 1998 to 1999. In 1999 NATO bombed Yugoslavia to prevent genocide in Kosovo.

Notes

Kosovo Liberation Army

The Kosovo Liberation Army were Albanian guerilla groups which operated in Kosovo in the late 1990s.


Al Shaheen Oil Field

The Al Shaheen Oil Field is a production oil and gas field. It is located off the north east coast of Qatar in the Persian Gulf, north of Doha. The oil field lies over the North Gas Field, one of the largest gas fields in the world.

In 2008, the BD-04A well in the Al Shaheen Oil Field became the longest and deepest borehole in the world.

Tomás Luis de Victoria

Tomás Luis de Victoria was a Spanish composer of Renaissance music, (1548 – 27 August 1611). He was one of the most important composers of the Counter-Reformation, along with Giovanni Pierluigi da Palestrina and Orlando di Lasso.

Victoria was not only a composer, but also an accomplished organist and singer as well as a Catholic priest. However, he preferred the life of a composer to that of a performer.


Mateo Flecha

Mateo Flecha (Catalan: Mateu Fletxa; 1481–1553) was a composer born in Kingdom of Aragon, in the region of Prades. He is sometimes known as "El Viejo" (the elder) to distinguish him from another composer of madrigals, his nephew, Mateo Flecha "El Joven" (the younger). "El Viejo" is best known for his ensaladas, published in Prague in 1581 by the same nephew.


University of Central Arkansas

The University of Central Arkansas (often called UCA) is a public university in Conway, Arkansas. The university was founded in 1907. It is known for having one of the first honors colleges in the United States.

UCA has about 12,000 students in undergraduate and graduate programs. It is made up of six colleges: the College of Fine Arts and Communication, the College of Natural Sciences and Mathematics, the College of Business, the College of Health and Behavioral Sciences, the College of Liberal Arts, and the College of Education.

Tato Cifuentes

Héctor Raúl "Tato" Cifuentes Lira (14 October 1925 – 30 July 2017) was a Chilean-born Argentine actor, singer and ventriloquist. He was born in Santiago, Chile. During his career, he performed in Uruguay and Argentina.

His career began in the early 1950s. He was known for his movie roles "Cuidado con las imitaciones" (1948), "Imitaciones peligrosas" (1949) and "Tiempo de crear" (1962). His best known singles were "El mambo de la chocolata", "Los Tatines", and "El relojito".

Cinfuentes suffered from male breast cancer in 2008, which he had to undergo chemotherapy.

Cifuentes died on 30 July 2017 of cardiopulmonary arrest complicated by pneumonia after falling at his home in Buenos Aires, Argentina at the age of 91.

Alverca do Ribatejo

Alverca do Ribatejo is a city in the municipality of Vila Franca de Xira, Portugal.

Magnus Böcker

Magnus Böcker (August 31, 1961 – July 27, 2017) was a Swedish businessman. He was born in Stockholm, Sweden. He was the Executive Chairman of Blibros Capital Partners, an investment company based in Singapore and Stockholm. He was also Chairman and Co-Founder of Tryb.

Böcker died at his home in Singapore of cancer on July 27, 2017 at the age of 55.


Olivier Strebelle

Olivier Strebelle (20 January 1927 – 29 July 2017) was a Belgian sculptor. He was born in Brussels on 20 January 1927.

His monumental (usually bronze) sculptures adorn many public places in Brussels as well as in Germany, Israel, Italy, Russia, Singapore, Switzerland, and the United States.

Strebelle was a knwon artist for more than 65 years, and his works are found in private collections and public settings around the world. His style has evolved from robust, organic abstract forms to the sinuous lines seen in Athletes' Alley, on the site of the Beijing Olympic Games.

His sculpture "The Abduction of Europa" () has been on display in the , Moscow since September 2002.

Strebelle died on 29 July 2017 in Brussels at the age of 90.


Les Murray (broadcaster)

Les James Murray AM (László Ürge; 5 November 1945 – 31 July 2017) was a Hungarian-Australian sports journalist, soccer broadcaster and analyst. He was born in Budapest. He was the host of "The World Game" on SBS television. He retired in July 2014. He has been inducted into the FFA's Football Hall of Fame.

Murray died on 31 July 2017 in Sydney, Australia after a long-illness at the age of 71.


John Delaney 2020 presidential campaign

The 2020 presidential campaign of John Delaney, the U.S. Representative representing Maryland's 6th congressional district, was announced on July 28, 2017. He became the first major Democrat to announce their campaign for President.

His campaign launched with the publication of an editorial on the "Washington Post"'s website. On the same day, he launched a campaign Twitter account and YouTube account, on which he posted a five-minute video telling voters of his plans. He ended his campaign in January 2020. 

Rumors of Delaney's campaign broke the day before the publication of his editorial. 

Harry J. Enten wrote in "FiveThirtyEight" the day after the campaign's announcement that it was highly unusual for a serious presidential candidate to announce so early. Before Delaney, Pierre S. du Pont IV had held the record of the earliest announcement before the presidential primary season when he announced his campaign for the 1988 election in 1986, 615 days before the start of the Iowa caucuses.

Delaney ended his campaign on January 31, 2020 after falling in poll numbers and failing to qualify for the debates.



Donald Trump 2020 presidential campaign

The 2020 presidential campaign of Donald Trump was an unsuccessful reelection campaign by then President Donald Trump, who was the president of the United States from 2017 to 2021.

Trump was defeated in the election by Democratic nominee Joe Biden. His presidency ended on January 20, 2021, when Biden was sworn in as the 46th president.

Trump started spending money on the 2020 race on November 24, 2016 (only sixteen days after the end of the 2016 election). On January 10, 2017, "Politico" reported that Trump would be keeping his campaign offices in Trump Tower open in order to lay the groundwork for a re-election campaign. On January 18, Trump revealed in an interview with "The Washington Post" that he had decided on "Keep America Great" as his 2020 campaign slogan.

Trump launched his reelection campaign significantly earlier in his presidency than his predecessors did. Barack Obama, George W. Bush, Bill Clinton, George H. W. Bush and Ronald Reagan all declared their candidacies for reelection in the third year of their presidencies.

Had Trump been reelected, it would have been the first time in American history that there have been four consecutive presidents who were elected to two terms.

The first rally paid for by the campaign was held on February 18, 2017, in Melbourne, Florida, and was attended by an estimated 9,000 supporters.

The campaign's second rally was held a month later in Nashville, Tennessee on March 15, and it was the 250th birthday of Andrew Jackson. Before the rally, Trump paid tribute to Jackson and laid a wreath at his tomb. A third rally was held by the campaign in Louisville on March 20, days after Trump fired FBI Director James Comey.

Trump held his fourth campaign rally with Vice President Mike Pence on April 29 in Harrisburg, Pennsylvania on the 100th day of Trump's presidency.

In June, Trump began campaigning in Iowa. Iowa is considered to be a perennial swing state. Trump held his sixth campaign rally on July 25 at the Covelli Centre in Youngstown, Ohio.

Trump held his seventh campaign rally at the Big Sandy Superstore Arena in Huntington, West Virginia on August 3.

Trump held his eighth campaign rally on August 22 at the Phoenix Convention Center in Phoenix, Arizona.

Amidst the COVID-19 pandemic, Donald Trump held a rally in Tulsa, Oklahoma. The rally was notable for a surprisingly low turnout. However, the rally managed to reach 6.7 million views online. Fox News stated that the rally was its highest Saturday primetime viewership in the network's history

On November 4, Trump claimed to have won the election. However, no clear winner was determined, because final results from states such as Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, Michigan and Georgia were still unknown. Trump was leading in the vote count of those states at the time, however there were many still-uncounted votes, mainly from mail-in ballots which were not yet counted.

Trump attempted to use the courts to stop the vote-counting. His campaign filed lawsuits in Pennsylvania, Georgia, and Michigan. However, these lawsuits were all rejected.

On November 7, news organizations ABC News, Associated Press, CBS News, CNN, Fox News, NBC News, Reuters, and "the New York Times" said that Trump had lost the election to Biden.

Trump refused to concede upon hearing the news. The administrator of the GSA, Emily W. Murphy, did not cooperate with president-elect Biden until November 23. Many Republicans in the Senate claimed that the election was still unsettled, and Attorney General William Barr allowed the Justice Department to investigate alleged "massive voter fraud."

In an interview with the Associated Press published December 1, Attorney General William Barr acknowledged: "To date, we have not seen fraud on a scale that could have affected a different outcome in the election." By January, Trump had lost 60 lawsuits.
On January 2, 2021, during an hour-long conference call, Trump pressured Georgia Secretary of State Brad Raffensperger to change the state's vote totals by the 11,780 votes he needed to win the state. During the call, Trump falsely suggested that Raffensperger could have committed a criminal offense. On January 11, the phone call was cited in a new article of impeachment introduced in the House of Representatives.

Self-declared "alternate electors" voted in protest; these votes had no legal validity. Well over a hundred Republican representatives promised to contest the counting ceremony at the U.S. Capitol on January 6. Experts debated whether Trump was trying to perform a self-coup.

On January 6, 2021, Trump spoke at a "March to Save America" rally on the Ellipse. There, he encouraged the crowd to "fight like hell" and said he'd be marching with them to the United States Capitol, although he did not join them. The crowd arrived at the Capitol building and broke in. At the same time, the electoral colleges votes were being counted, and those in the House and Senate had to be evacuated. Five people died from the events, while dozens more were injured, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation opened over 170 investigations into the events.

Throughout the campaign, many polls almost always showed Democratic nominee Joe Biden ahead of Trump. Trump's campaign rejected these polls, claiming how they incorrectly predicted a Hillary Clinton victory in the 2016 presidential election. Many people had also come to distrust polls; a study from the Pew Research Center showing that even when Biden led Trump by a wide margin, many people still believed that Trump would win the election.

Trump's polling worsened throughout June and July, mainly in battleground states and states that mainly vote Republican. A mid-July "Washington Post"/ABC News poll showed Biden's double-digit lead holding.

In August, Trump's polling slightly improved. One national poll conducted then showing Biden leading by just three percent nationally. Trump also began to improve in state polls; one CNN poll at the time showed Biden up by just one percentage point in 15 battleground states. Towards the end of the month however, Biden's lead started to grow again.

After the 2020 Republican National Convention, Trump's polling improved. By the end of August, Trump had a lead against Biden in key states such as Ohio where he led 50% to 45%, and was polling neck-and-neck with his opponent in other important states such as Florida.

Trump's national polling numbers fell heavily again following his performance at the first presidential debate and his COVID-19 diagnosis at the end of September and beginning of October, as Biden's lead went over 10 points. A Washington Post/ABC News poll taken around this period showed Biden's lead to be 53% to 43%.

Trump overestimated his polls on Election Day but lost re-election. Although polling accurately predicted the winner of 48 out of 50 states and the District of Columbia, Biden’s margin of victory in many states was much smaller than expected.

Charley Marouani

Charley Marouani (7 December 1926 – 29 July 2017) was a French impresario and celebrity agent. He was born in Sousse, Tunisia. Marouani began his career as a photographer in Nice. Afterwards, he became a talent agent, representing Jacques Brel, Barbara, Sylvie Vartan, Henri Salvador, Joe Dassin and Salvatore Adamo.

Marouani became a knight of the Legion of Honour in 2009.

Marouani died on 29 July 2017 in Corsica, France at the age of 90.

Demeter Bitenc

Demeter Bitenc (21 July 1922 – 22 April 2018) was a Slovenian movie actor. He has appeared in 75 movies from his career's beginning in 1953 until his retirement in 2004. He was born in Ljubljana, Slovenia.

Bitenc best known roles are in "Island of the Amazons" (1960), "Apache Gold" (1963), "Target for Killing" (1966), "The Seventh Continent" (1966), "Poppea's Hot Nights" (1969), "The Ravine" (1969), "Private Vices, Public Pleasures" (1976), "Cross of Iron" (1977), "The Secret of Nikola Tesla" (1980), "War and Remembrance" (1988), "Outsider" (1997) and in "Long Dark Night" (2004).

Bitenc died on 22 April 2018 in Ljubljana at the age of 95.


Rock ptarmigan

The rock ptarmigan (') is a medium-sized gamebird in the grouse family. It is known simply as the ptarmigan in the UK and in Canada, where it is the official bird for the territory of Nunavut, Canada, and the official game bird for the province of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada. It is known as the snow chicken"' in the United States. In Japan, it is known as the "raichō" (雷鳥), which means "thunder bird". It is the official bird of Gifu, Nagano, and Toyama Prefectures and is a protected species nationwide.

List of Cuban scientists

The list of Cuban scientists include:


List of Filipino scientists

The List of Filipino scientists include:


Dastilbe

Dastilbe is an extinct genus of prehistoric bony fish. It could reach a length of 25-60 mm, with a maximum length of about 150 mm.

It was probably an anadromous fish, meaning it lived most of its life in the sea but swam to fresh water to spawn (reproduce). Larger individuals of this predatory fish fed on smaller fishes and probably they were cannibalistic.

It is closely related to the milkfish, "Chanos chanos".

"Dastilbe" resembled a slender palaeonisciform fish, but the "cannibal fish" wasn't part of the order Palaeonisciformes. 


Slim Mahfoudh

Slim Mahfoudh (c. 1942 – 30 July 2017) was a Tunisian actor. He acted on the stage, movies, and on television series like "Al Khottab Al Bab" and "Choufli Hal" which are his best known works. He was born in Tunis, Tunisia.

Mahfoudh died of lung cancer on 30 July 2017 in Tunis at the age of 75.




















Arrondissements of the Cher department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Cher department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Cher are:



H. Sayeeduddin Dagar

Hussain Sayeeduddin Dagar (20 April 1939 – 30 July 2017), popularly known as Saeed Bhai, was an Indian classical vocalist. His songs were dedicated to the Dhrupad tradition. The oldest existing form of north Indian classical music (Hindustani classical music). He was a part of the Dagar family of musicians. He was born in Alwar, Rajasthan.

Dagar represented the 19th generation of Dagar Tradition. His cousins Nasir Moinuddin Dagar and Nasir Aminuddin Dagar were known as the Senior Dagar Brothers. Similarly, Nasir Zahiruddin and Nasir Faiyazuddin Dagar were known as the Younger Dagar Brothers. His other cousins were Zia Mohiuddin Dagar, Zia Fariduddin Dagar, and Rahim Fahimuddin Dagar.

Dagar died on 30 July 2017 of a heart attack in Pune, Maharashtra at the age of 78.

Warren Keith Urbom

Warren Keith Urbom (December 17, 1925 – July 28, 2017) was an American judge. He was a United States District Judge of the United States District Court for the District of Nebraska from 1970 until his retirement in 2014. He was nominated to the position by President Richard Nixon.

Urbom was born in Atlanta, Nebraska. He studied at Nebraska Wesleyan University and at the University of Michigan. Urbom died in Lincoln, Nebraska on July 28, 2017, at the age of 91.


Kidnapping of Ciro Cirillo

On April 27 1981, in Naples, Italy, the Red Brigades kidnapped 60-year-old Christian Democrat (DC) politician Ciro Cirillo. They killed his two-man escort in the garage of his apartment building.

At the time Cirillo directed reconstruction efforts in Campania devastated by the earthquake in the Irpinia region on November 23, 1980.

Cirillo was released after a controversial ransom paid by the Italian government.

The outcome of the Cirillo kidnapping stood in sharp contrast to the kidnapping of the Italian former Prime Minister Aldo Moro. When Moro was abducted by the Red Brigades in 1978, the Christian Democrats in government immediately took action rather waiting for a solid negotiation.

Cirillo died on 30 July 2017 at the age of 96.

Arrondissement of Bourges

The arrondissement of Bourges is an arrondissement of France, in the Cher department, Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital, and prefecture of the department, is the city of Bourges.

When the Cher department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Bourges was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Bourges is the central "arrondissement" of the Cher department. It is bordered to the north by the Loiret department, to the east by the Nièvre department, to the south by the Saint-Amand-Montrond "arrondissement", to the southwest by the Indre department and to the west by the Vierzon "arrondissement".

The "arrondissement" of Bourges is the largest "arrondissement" of the department in area, , and the one with more people living in it (173,889 inhabitants).

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the "arrondissement" of Bourges are:

The "arrondissement" of Bourges has 131 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Deaths in August 2017

The following is a list of notable deaths in August 2017. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.



































Paulo Garcia

Paulo de Siqueira Garcia (13 May 1959 – 30 July 2017) was a Brazilian physician and politician. He was a member of the Workers' Party. He was the mayor of Goiânia from 1 April 2010, when then-mayor Iris Rezende resigned in order to run for Governor at the 2010 election until 2016. He was born in Goiânia, Goiás.

On 30 July 2017, Garcia died of a heart attack at his home in Goiânia, aged 58.

Collateral adjective

A collateral adjective is an adjective whose word origin is different from the noun it represents. English has many collateral adjectives from French, Latin, and Greek because many English words come from those languages. For example, the adjectives for the native English words "horse" and "moon" are "equine" and "lunar". "Equine" comes from the Latin "equus", and "lunar" comes from the Latin "luna" and so the study of horses is called "equine science", and the calendar for the moon is called the "lunar calendar".

Some nouns have both collateral and derived adjectives, whose origin is the same as the nouns that they represent. For example, "father" has the adjective "fatherly", from "fathe", but it also has the collateral adjective "paternal". from the Latin word "pater", which also means "father".

Liu Wen-hsiung

Liu Wen-hsiung (; 8 September 1954 – 31 July 2017) was a Taiwanese politician. He served in the Legislative Yuan from 1999 to 2008. He was a member of the People First Party from 2000 until his death in 2017. He was born in Keelung, Taiwan.

Liu died of complications from a heart attack on 31 July 2017 at a hospital in Anle, Taiwan at the age of 62.


Junkie XL

Antonius Tom Holkenborg (born 8 December 1967 in Lichtenvoorde), known by his stage name Junkie XL and occasionally JXL, is a Dutch multi-instrumentalist, composer, DJ, producer, and engineer. Originally known for his trance productions, he has moved to producing electronica and big beat music and film scores in recent years. Junkie XL is probably best known for his remix of Elvis Presley's "A Little Less Conversation".
In movie scores, he is perhaps known for his work on films like "", "", the Deadpool movies, and the DC Extended Universe beginning with "" with Hans Zimmer, also contributing to the theme song for "Wonder Woman". He was originally hired to write the music for "Justice League" but left the project with director Zack Snyder and was replaced with Danny Elfman. However, when Snyder was brought back to complete his version of the movie, later titled "Zack Snyder's Justice League", Junkie XL was brought back as well and finished the music for it.

Junkie XL was born in Lichtenvoorde, Gelderland, Netherlands. 


Jacinda Ardern

Dame Jacinda Kate Laurell Ardern (; born 26 July 1980) is a New Zealand politician. She was the 40th Prime Minister of New Zealand and the Leader of the Labour Party from October 2017 to January 2023. She was elected to the House of Representatives in 2008. She was the member of Parliament (MP) for Mount Albert from 2017 to 2023.

Ardern was born in Hamilton and grew up in Morrinsville and Murupara. After graduating from the University of Waikato in 2001, Ardern began her career working as a researcher for Prime Minister Helen Clark. She later worked in London in the Cabinet Office, and was elected president of the International Union of Socialist Youth. Ardern was first elected as an MP in the 2008 general election, when Labour lost control after nine years. She was later elected to represent the Mount Albert electorate in a by-election in February 2017.

Ardern was elected Deputy Leader of the Labour Party on 1 March 2017, after the resignation of Annette King. Just five months later, after Labour's leader Andrew Little resignation, Ardern was elected as party leader. She led her party to win 14 seats at the 2017 general election on 23 September, winning 46 seats to the National Party's 56. After working with New Zealand First, a minority coalition government with Labour and New Zealand First was formed, supported by the Green Party. Ardern became Prime Minister and she was sworn in by the governor-general on 26 October 2017. She became the world's youngest female head of government at age 37. Ardern later became the world's second elected head of government to give birth while in office when her daughter was born in June 2018.

Ardern calls herself a social democrat and a progressive. Her government has focused on the New Zealand housing crisis, child poverty, and social inequality. In March 2019, she became popular because of her leadership during the Christchurch mosque shootings and for introducing strict gun laws in response. For much of 2020, she also became popular for the country's response to the COVID-19 pandemic. Ardern led the Labour Party to a historic victory in the 2020 general election, winning a majority of 65 seats in Parliament.

In January 2023, Ardern announced she would resign as Labour leader and prime minister within a few weeks. She left office on 25 January and was replaced by Chris Hipkins.

Ardern was born in Hamilton, New Zealand, and grew up as a Mormon. She was raised in Morrinsville and Murupara, where her father, Ross Ardern, worked as a police officer. Her mother, Laurell Ardern ( Bottomley), worked as a school catering assistant. She studied at Morrinsville College, where she was the student representative on the school's board. She later went to the University of Waikato, graduating in 2001 with a Bachelor of Communication Studies (BCS) in politics and public relations.

Ardern became interested in politics because her aunt asked her to help her with campaigning for New Plymouth MP Harry Duynhoven during his re-election campaign at the 1999 general election.

Ardern joined the Labour Party at the age of 17 and became a senior figure in the Young Labour party of the party. After graduating from university, she spent time working in the offices of Phil Goff and of Helen Clark as a researcher. She volunteered at a soup kitchen in New York City in the United States and worked on a workers' rights campaign. Ardern moved to London, England where she became a senior policy adviser for British prime minister Tony Blair. Ardern also worked at the Home Office to help with a review of policing in England and Wales.

In early 2008, Ardern was elected President of the International Union of Socialist Youth.

Ahead of the 2008 election, Ardern was ranked 20th on Labour's party list. She would soon return from London to campaign full-time for a seat in the New Zealand Parliament. She also became Labour's candidate for the safe National electorate of Waikato. Ardern lost the election, but entered Parliament as a list MP because of her high ranking in the party list. She became the youngest sitting MP in Parliament.

Opposition Leader Phil Goff promoted Ardern to the front bench, naming her Labour's spokesperson for Youth Affairs and for Justice (Youth Affairs). She made appearances on TVNZ's "Breakfast" programme as part of the "Young Guns" feature, alongside National MP and future National Party leader, Simon Bridges.

Ardern ran for the parliament seat of Auckland Central for Labour in the 2011 general election, running against incumbent National MP Nikki Kaye for National and Greens candidate Denise Roche. She lost to Kaye by 717 votes. However, she returned to Parliament because of her party list ranking, on which she was ranked 13th.

After Goff resigned from the Party leadership, Ardern supported David Shearer for party leader. She was promoted to the fourth-ranking position in his Shadow Cabinet on 19 December 2011, becoming a spokesperson for social development under the new leader. Ardern ran again in Auckland Central at the 2014 general election. She again finished second, but increased her own vote and lowered Kaye's majority from 717 to 600. She was soon ranked 5th on Labour's list and because of this, Ardern still returned to Parliament where she became Shadow spokesperson for Justice, Children, Small Business, and Arts & Culture under new leader Andrew Little.

Ardern later ran for the Labour nomination for the Mount Albert by-election to be held in February 2017. The by-election was held because of the resignation of David Shearer. When nominations for the Labour Party closed on 12 January 2017, Ardern was the only nominee and was selected. On 21 January, Ardern took part of the 2017 Women's March, a worldwide protest in opposition to Donald Trump, the newly inaugurated President of the United States. She was confirmed as Labour's candidate at a meeting on 22 January. Ardern won a landslide victory, winning 77 per cent of votes cast in the preliminary results.

Following her win in the by-election, Ardern was elected as Deputy Leader of the Labour Party on 7 March 2017, after the resignation of Annette King. Ardern's vacant list seat was taken by Raymond Huo. However, Ardern would remain as Deputy Leader for exactly five months because she was elected Leader of the Labour Party in August.

On 1 August 2017, just seven weeks before the 2017 general election, Ardern became Leader of the Labour Party and also Opposition Leader, after the resignation of Andrew Little. Ardern was confirmed in an election to choose a new leader at a meeting the same day. At 37, Ardern became the youngest leader of the Labour Party in its history. She is also the second female leader of the party after Helen Clark. At first, Little had talked to Ardern on 26 July and said he thought she should take over as Labour leader. Ardern said no and told him to remain as leader.

At her first press conference after her election as leader, she said that the upcoming election campaign would be positive. After her appointment, the party had a large amount of public campagin donations, reaching NZ$700 per minute at its highest. When Ardern became party leader, Labour rose in opinion polls. By late August the party had reached 43 per cent as well as beating the National Party in opinion polls for the first time in over a decade. Critics said that her ideas were similar to Andrew Little's and believed that Labour's sudden increase in popularity was because of her youth and good looks.

In mid-August 2017, Ardern said that a Labour government would create a tax working group to look for the chance of increasing taxes for the wealthy and lowering them for middle-class working families. This idea became unpopular and Ardern said that her tax plan would not be pushed in a first term of Labour government. Minister of Finance Steven Joyce found that the Labour Party had problems in its $11.7 billion budget. 

The Labour and Green parties' proposed water and pollution taxes also became unpopular from farmers. On 18 September 2017, farmers and lobbyists protested against the taxes in Ardern's hometown of Morrinsville. During the protest, one farmer had a sign calling Ardern a "pretty Communist". This was criticised as sexist by former Prime Minister Helen Clark.

In the final days of the general election campaign, the National Party took a slight lead over the Labour Party.

In the 2017 general election held on 23 September 2017, Ardern was re-elected to her Mount Albert electorate seat by 15,264 votes. Preliminary results from the general election showed that Labour received 35.79 per cent of the party vote to National's 46.03 per cent. After more votes were counted, Labour increased its votes to 36.89% while National dropped back to 44.45%. Labour gained 14 seats, increasing its parliamentary representation to 46 seats. This was the best result for the party since losing power in 2008.

After the election, Ardern and Deputy Leader Kelvin Davis began talks with the Greens and New Zealand First parties about forming a coalition against National Party which did not haven enough seats for a majority. On 19 October 2017, New Zealand First leader Winston Peters agreed to form a coalition with Labour, making Ardern the next Prime Minister. The Green Party also supported the coalition. Ardern named Peters as Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Foreign Affairs. She also gave New Zealand First five posts in her government, with Peters and three other ministers in her Cabinet.

Ardern was sworn-in as the 40th Prime Minister of New Zealand by Governor-General Dame Patsy Reddy on 26 October 2017. Ardern promised that her government would have empathy and be strong.

Ardern became New Zealand's third female Prime Minister after Jenny Shipley (1997–1999) and Helen Clark (1999–2008). She is a member of the Council of Women World Leaders. At aged 37, Ardern is also the youngest person to become New Zealand's head of government since Edward Stafford, who became premier in 1856.

On 19 January 2018, Ardern announced that she was pregnant, and that Winston Peters would become acting Prime minister for six weeks after the birth. Following the birth of a daughter, she took her maternity leave from 21 June to 2 August 2018.

Ardern focused on cutting child poverty in New Zealand by half within a ten years. In July 2018, Ardern announced the start of her government's flagship Families Package. The package would increase paid parental leave to 26 weeks and introduced a $60 per-week universal BestStart Payment for low and middle-income families with young children. In 2019, the government a school lunches pilot programme to help cut child poverty numbers. She also increased welfare benefits by $25, expanding free doctor's visits and giving free menstrual hygiene products in schools.

Ardern's government added increases to the country's minimum wage over a period of time. Her government also cancelled the National Party's planned tax cuts, saying instead it would focus on healthcare and education. The first year of post-secondary education was made free on 1 January 2018 and the government agreed to increase primary teachers' pay by 12.8 (for beginning teachers) and 18.5 per cent by 2021. Even thought the Labour Party campaigned on a capital gains tax for the last three elections, Ardern promised in April 2019 that the government would not pass a capital gains tax under her leadership.

On 2 February 2018, Ardern went to Waitangi for the annual Waitangi Day commemoration and she stayed in Waitangi for five days. Ardern became the first female Prime Minister to speak from the top marae. Her visit was popular among Māori leaders, with commentators seeing the difference between her performance to the Prime Ministers before her.

In September 2019, she was criticised for her handling of an allegation of sexual assault against a Labour Party staffer. Ardern said she had been told the allegation did not involve sexual assault or violence before a report about the incident was published in "The Spinoff" on 9 September. Many did not believe this as one journalist found that Ardern's claim was hard to believe.

Ardern does not support putting people who use cannabis in prison and promised to hold a referendum on the issue. A non-binding referendum to legalise cannabis was held at the same time of the 2020 general election. Ardern said she used cannabis when she was young during a televised debate before the election. In the referendum, voters did not support the proposed cannabis legalisation and many found that Ardern not supporting the 'yes' campaign may have caused the legalisation's defeat.

On 5 November 2017, Ardern made her first official trip to Australia, where she met Australian Prime Minister Malcolm Turnbull for the first time. Relations between the two countries had not been good because of Australia's treatment of New Zealanders living in the country, and shortly before taking office. Turnbull promised to work with Ardern and not have their political beliefs in the way.

In November 2017, Ardern announced that the government would being part of the Trans-Pacific Partnership negotiations even though the Green Party did not support it. On 25 October 2018, New Zealand ratified the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership, which Ardern had described as being better than the original TPP agreement.

In December 2017, Ardern supported for a United Nations resolution criticising U.S. President Donald Trump's decision to recognise Jerusalem as the capital of Israel.

On 24 September 2018, Ardern became the first female head of government to go to the United Nations General Assembly meeting with her baby present. Her address to the General Assembly on 27 September had positive support from the United Nations where she talked about climate change, for the equality of women, and for kindness.

In October 2018, Ardern criticized China for its Xinjiang re-education camps and human rights abuses against the Uyghur Muslim minority in the country. Ardern was also worried about the treatment of the Rohingya Muslims in Myanmar. In November 2018, she met with Myanmar's leader Aung San Suu Kyi and offered any help New Zealand could give to solve the Rohingya crisis.

On 23 September 2019, at a United Nations summit in New York City, Ardern had her first formal meeting with U.S. President Donald Trump. She said that Trump was interested in New Zealand's gun buyback policy.

On 28 February 2020, Ardern criticised Australia's policy of deporting New Zealanders, many of which had lived in Australia but had not become Australian citizens.

On 15 March 2019, 51 people were fatally shot and 49 injured in two mosques in Christchurch. In a statement broadcast on television, Ardern said that the shootings had been carried out by suspects with "extremist views" that have no place in New Zealand, or anywhere else in the world. She also called it as a well-planned terrorist attack.

She announced a time of national mourning and created a national condolence book that she opened in the capital, Wellington. She also travelled to Christchurch to meet first responders and families of the victims. In an address at the Parliament, she said that she would never say the name of the attacker: "Speak the names of those who were lost rather than the name of the man who took them ... he will, when I speak, be nameless". Ardern became popular in the country and the world for her response to the shootings. A photograph of her hugging a member of the Christchurch Muslim community with the word "peace" in English and Arabic was projected onto the Burj Khalifa. A mural of this photograph was opened in May 2019.

In response to the shootings, Ardern said her government's plans to create stricter gun laws. She said that the attack had shown many weaknesses in New Zealand's gun law. On 10 April 2019, less than one month after the attack, the New Zealand Parliament passed a law that bans most semiautomatic weapons and assault rifles, parts that turn guns into semiautomatic guns, and higher capacity magazines.

On 15 May 2019, Ardern and French President Emmanuel Macron co-chaired the Christchurch Call summit to bring together countries and tech companies. The goal was to stop social media's role in organising and promoting terrorism and violent extremism.

On 14 March 2020, Ardern announced the government's response to the COVID-19 pandemic in New Zealand. She said that the government would be requiring anyone entering the country from midnight 15 March to isolate themselves for 14 days. She said the new rules will make it harder for people to travel to the country. On 19 March, Ardern said that New Zealand's borders would be closed to all non-citizens and non-permanent residents, after 11:59 pm on 20 March (NZDT). Ardern announced that New Zealand would move to a nationwide lockdown, at 11:59 pm on 25 March.

National and international media had positive responses about her leadership and quick response to the outbreak in New Zealand. "The Washington Post" said her interviews, press conferences and social media is an example of what a leader should do. In mid-April 2020, two people sued Ardern and other government officials, saying that the lockdown limited their freedoms and was made for political reasons. The lawsuit was dismissed.

On 5 May 2020, Ardern and Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison announced plans to create a trans-Tasman COVID-safe travel zone that would allow residents from both countries to travel freely without travel restrictions.

Opinion polls showed the Labour Party with nearly 60 per cent support. In May 2020, 59.5 per cent of citizens found Ardern as "preferred prime minister".

In the 2020 general election, Ardern led her party to a landslide victory. Her party won an overall majority of 65 seats in the 120-seat House of Representatives, and 50 per cent of the party vote. She was also re-elected to her seat on the Mount Albert electorate by 21,246 votes. Ardern said her landslide victory was because of her response to the COVID-19 pandemic and the economic impacts it has had.

On 2 December 2020, Ardern declared a climate change emergency in New Zealand and promised that the country would be carbon neutral by 2025 in a parliamentary motion. She said that the public will be required to buy only electric or hybrid vehicles. This was supported by the Labour, Green, and Māori parties but was opposed by the opposition National and ACT parties.

In response to the housing affordability issues, Ardern proposed the removal of the interest rate tax-deduction, lifting Housing Aid for first home buyers, giving away infrastructure funds and expand the Bright Line Test from five to ten years.

On 14 June 2021, Ardern said that the New Zealand Government would apologise for the Dawn Raids. She formally apologised for the raids in August 2021.

On 12 December 2020, Prime Minister Ardern and Cook Islands Prime Minister Mark Brown announced that a travel route between New Zealand and the Cook Islands would be created in 2021. It would allow a two-way quarantine-free travel between the two countries. On 14 December, Prime Minister Ardern confirmed that the New Zealand and Australian Governments had agreed to create a travel route between the two countries the following year. On 17 December, Ardern also announced that the government had bought two more COVID-19 vaccines from the pharmaceutical companies AstraZeneca and Novavax for New Zealand and its Pacific partners.

On 26 January 2021, Ardern stated that New Zealand's borders would remain closed to most non-citizens and non-residents until New Zealand citizens have been "vaccinated and protected". A month later, her government created a vaccination programme. In August 2021, after one person tested positive for the SARS-CoV-2 Delta variant, the country went under lockdown again.

On 29 January 2022, Ardern went into self-isolation after she had contact with someone who tested COVID positive on a flight to Auckland. Goveror-General Cindy Kiro and chief press secretary Andrew Campbell, who were on board the same flight, also went into self-isolation.

On 14 May 2022, Ardern tested positive for COVID-19. Her partner Gayford had tested positive for COVID-19 several days earlier on 8 May.

In early December 2020, Ardern showed support for Australia during an issue between Canberra and Beijing over Chinese Foreign Ministry official Zhao Lijian's Twitter post saying that Australia had committed war crimes against Afghans. She described the image as not being correct, adding that the New Zealand Government would raise its concerns with the Chinese Government.

On 16 February 2021, Prime Minister Ardern criticised the Australian Government's decision to remove dual New Zealand–Australian national and ISIS bride Suhayra Aden's Australian citizenship. Aden had migrated from New Zealand to Australia at the age of six and became an Australian citizen. In response, Australian Prime Minister Scott Morrison defended the decision to take away Aden's citizenship, saying legislation removing dual nationals of their Australian citizenship if they were engaged in terrorist activities. After a phone conversation, the two leaders agreed to work together to fix the issues Ardern had said.

In response to the 2021 Israel-Palestine crisis, Ardern said on 17 May that New Zealand "condemned both the rocket fire we have seen from Hamas" and "a response that has gone well beyond self-defence on both sides". She also said that Israel had the right to exist but Palestinians also had a right to a peaceful and safe home.

In late May 2022, Ardern led a trade and tourism mission to the United States, where she asked President Joe Biden to have the U.S. rejoin the Comprehensive and Progressive Agreement for Trans-Pacific Partnership. On the trip, she made an agreement with Governor of California Gavin Newsom creating a two-way cooperation between New Zealand and California in reducing the effects of climate change and doing more research on it.

In late June 2022, Ardern went to the NATO's Leader Summit. This was the first time that New Zealand had formally addressed a NATO event. During her speech, she talked about New Zealand's promise for peace and human rights. Ardern also criticised China and Russia for human rights issues and military actions.

On 19 January 2023, Ardern announced she would resign as Labour leader and prime minister before 7 February. She said the reason for her resignation was to spend more time with her family. Her announcement was a surprise because a few months ago she said she would lead the Labour party into the 2023 general election. In some opinion polls, Ardern's popularity had reached all-time lows in the past few months.

On 22 January 2023, Chris Hipkins was elected as her replacement. At Ardern's final event as Prime Minister, she said her work as the Prime Minister was the "greatest privilege" and that she loved the country and its people. She officially left office on 25 January 2025 when Hipkins was sworn-in as prime minister.

When she became Labour Party leader, Ardern had positive coverage from the media, including international medias such as CNN, with many calling it the 'Jacinda effect' and 'Jacindamania'.

Jacindamania was seen as an important reason behind New Zealand gaining global attention and media influence in many reports. In a 2018 trip, Ardern got a large amount of media attention after delivering a speech at the United Nations in New York City. Many saw her as the "cure to Trumpism". Many saw her as an example against masculine politicians like U.S. President Donald Trump and Russian President Vladimir Putin.

Ardern has been described as a celebrity politician. She has become popular for her leadership following the Christchurch mosque shootings, COVID-19 pandemic and the Whakaari / White Island eruption.

Ardern was one of fifteen women selected to appear on the cover of the September 2019 issue of British "Vogue", by guest editor Meghan, Duchess of Sussex. "Forbes" magazine placed her at 38 among the 100 most powerful women in the world in 2019. She was included in the 2019 "Time" 100 list and was a candidate for "Time"'s 2019 Person of the Year. Many believed that she would win the 2019 Nobel Peace Prize for her handling of the Christchurch mosque shootings. In 2020, she was listed by "Prospect" as the second-greatest thinker for the COVID-19 era. In 2021, New Zealand zoologist Steven A. Trewick named the flightless wētā species "Hemiandrus jacinda" in honour of Ardern. A spokesperson for Ardern said that a beetle ("Mecodema jacinda"), a lichen, and an ant had also been named after her.

In May 2021, "Fortune" magazine gave Ardern the top spot on their list of world’s greatest leaders, saying her leadership during the COVID-19 pandemic as well as her handling of the Christchurch mosque shootings and the 2019 Whakaari/White Island eruption.

On 4 April 2023, Ardern was announced as a trustee of the Earthshot Prize. Ardern was for the position by Prince William. That same day, Prime Minister Hipkins named Ardern as Special Envoy for the Christchurch Call. A few weeks later, Ardern accepted dual fellowships at the Harvard Kennedy School for a semester beginning in fall 2023. She will also be the 2023 Angelopoulos Global Public Leaders Fellow and a Hauser Leader at the Center for Public Leadership at Harvard.

In June 2023, Ardern was appointed a Dame Grand Companion of the New Zealand Order of Merit (GNZM), for services to the State, officially becoming Dame Jacinda Ardern.

Ardern has called herself as a social democrat, a progressive, a republican and a feminist. She called former Prime Minister Helen Clark, a political hero. She believes that the large amount of child poverty and homelessness in New Zealand is a "blatant failure" of capitalism.

Ardern believes in removing the Māori electorates and they should be decided by Māori people. She supports teaching of the Māori language in schools.

In September 2017, Ardern said she wanted New Zealand to have a debate on removing the monarch of New Zealand as its head of state.

Ardern has supported same-sex marriage, and she voted for the Marriage (Definition of Marriage) Amendment Act 2013 which legalised it. In 2018, she became the first New Zealand prime minister to march in a pride parade. Ardern supported legalising abortion and removing it from the Crimes Act 1961. In March 2020, she voted for the Abortion Legislation Act that would make abortion legal.

She described taking action on climate change as "my generation's nuclear-free moment".

Ardern has also supported a two-state solution to resolve the Israeli–Palestinian conflict. She has criticised Israel over the death of Palestinians during protests at the Gaza border.

Ardern is a second cousin of Mayor of Whanganui Hamish McDouall. She is also a distant cousin of former National MP for Taranaki-King Country Shane Ardern.

Ardern's partner is television presenter Clarke Gayford. The couple first met in 2012. They did not spend time together until Gayford talked to Ardern about a controversial communications bill. On 3 May 2019, it was reported that Ardern was engaged to be married to Gayford. The wedding was planned for January 2022, but she changed the wedding date for a another time because of COVID-19 restrictions.

On 19 January 2018, Ardern announced that she was pregnant with her first child, making her New Zealand's first prime minister to be pregnant in office. On 21 June 2018, she gave birth to a girl the same day, becoming only the second elected head of government to give birth while in office (after Benazir Bhutto in 1990). On 24 June, Ardern revealed her daughter's name as Neve Te Aroha.

Though raised as a member of The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LSD), Ardern left the church in 2005 because the church's views did not support her own political views. In January 2017, Ardern said she was agnostic, saying "I can't see myself being a member of an organised religion again". As prime minister in 2019, she met the President of LDS Church, Russell M. Nelson.


Falera

Falera is a municipality of the district of Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Fanas

Fanas was a municipality of the district of Davos in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Fanas and Valzeina merged into the new municipality of Grüsch.

Social cohesion

In psychology, social cohesion is a way of measuring, how close the members of a group are. If social cohesion is high, the members of the group ideally feel like a team. In this context, the group members may value the success of a task of the group higher than a task which only benefits them individually.

Jérôme Golmard

Jérôme Golmard (9 September 1973 – 31 July 2017) was a former French No. 1 male tennis player. He was born in Dijon, France.

Golmard reached a career-high singles ranking of World No. 22 in April 1999, winning 2 singles titles and reaching the semifinals of Monte Carlo in 1999. Golmard finished his career with over $2.2 million in prize money. Among the many notable players he beat on the ATP Tour are former World No. 1s Andre Agassi, Jim Courier, Gustavo Kuerten, Juan Carlos Ferrero, Marcelo Ríos and Carlos Moyá, as well as Grand Slam champions Richard Krajicek, Goran Ivanišević, Albert Costa, Gastón Gaudio, Thomas Johansson and Michael Chang.

Golmard was diagnosed in 2014 with ALS. Golmard died on 31 July 2017 of the disease at his Boca Raton, Florida home at the age of 43.

Video editing

Video editing is the act of changing video by arranging or changing the order, or content of the video. It is used to show information in things like video essays, movies, television and adverts (commercials). Video editing has been used more in recent years because more people are able to use it than ever, since the wide spread use of personal computers. 

The idea of editing videos at home was not practical at first, because of the price of video editing equipment. In fact, the original 2" Quadruplex System was so expensive, television companies usually only had one of them.

Ever since the year 1999 with the release of Windows ME, and the more successful Windows XP, almost every single home computer has had the capability to edit video. There are also more expensive products for this process, such as the ones created by Adobe, and Sony's Sony Vegas. There has also been an attempt by many companies, to try and make video editing, Automation, Google for instance with Google Photos, their photo storage service.

Nowadays, video editing has many different aspects. Originally, it was only about cutting and resequencing. It has now exploded into many different processes, such as special effects. These types of editing have different jobs attached to them.


Open source video editing, is exactly what it says on the tin. This software is usually free and is developed by members of the public, or a nonprofit organisation. 
Linux has a variety of amazing open-source applications including video-editing applications which are used to create cute cat videos on Youtube to amazing videos to broadcast.

Moana

Moana is an American movie that was released on November 23, 2016 to theaters in the United States. It was made by Walt Disney Animation Studios and released by Walt Disney Pictures. It is the 55th movie made by Walt Disney Animation Studios. It cost $150 million to make the movie, and it made about $642 million in the box office. "Moana" is named for its main character Moana, a native Polynesian princess who saves the people of her island from a blight.

Jeffrey Brotman

Jeffrey Harold Brotman (September 27, 1942 – August 1, 2017) was an American attorney and businessman. He was the co-founder and chairman of Costco Wholesale Corporation.

Brotman served on the boards of several public companies and according to Businessweek magazine is "connected to 13 board members" and sat on the Board of Directors of the Million-Dollar Roundtable at the United Way of King County.

Brotman was born in Tacoma, Washington. He was raised with a Jewish family. Brotman studied at the University of Washington. In 1976, he married Susan Thrailkill. They had two children.

Brotman died on August 1, 2017 in Medina, Washington at the age of 74.

Steve Trevor

General Steven Rockwell Trevor is a fictional character appearing in American comic books published by DC Comics. He is the sidekick and often involved in a romantic relationship with the superhero Wonder Woman. 

The character was created by William Moulton Marston and first appeared in "All Star Comics" #8 (December 1941). Steve Trevor is a trusted friend, love interest and partner who introduces Diana (Wonder Woman) to "Man's World", and has served as Wonder Woman's United Nations liaison.

The character has appeared in many adaptations of the comics. He has been voiced by actors such as Tahmoh Penikett, Nathan Fillion, and George Newbern, among others in various "Wonder Woman" and "Justice League" productions. Lyle Waggoner played the character in the 1970s "Wonder Woman" series. Chris Pine played Trevor in the 2017 DC Extended Universe movie "Wonder Woman" and reprised the role in "Wonder Woman 1984" (2020).


Lukenie River

The Lukenie River is a river in the Democratic Republic of the Congo. 

The Room (movie)

The Room is a 2003 American independent romantic drama movie. It stars Tommy Wiseau. He also wrote, directed, produced it. The movie is mainly about a love affair where a banker named Johnny (played by Wiseau), is cheated on by his future wife Lisa (Juliette Danielle), with his best friend Mark (Greg Sestero). The movie is considered by many to be the worst movie ever made, but is enjoyed by a cult audience for its odd story structure, having bad acting and being funny, although mostly not on purpose. A lot of the movie brings up unrelated subplots that do not get solved. Most of these have at least one supporting character. There is also confusion about why the movie is called "The Room", but Wiseau says he named it that because a room in a house is where lots of good and bad things take place.

Gramogram

A gramogram is a type of rebus in which a letter or a string of letters is used to make words because the names of the letters sound like the word they represent. An example of this is writing "See you" as "CU", since the names of the letters for the gramogram sound like the words of the phrase.

Victoria Herridge

Victoria "Tori" Herridge (born 1980) is a female paleontologist who was born in Britain. She works for the Natural History Museum in London.

Herridge spent most of her childhood in Sussex in England.

She got a first class biology degree at university in 2002. In 2015, she was in the documentary T. Rex Autopsy.

Lutshuadi River

The Lutshuadi River is a river in the Democratic Republic of the Congo.

Flag of Hungary

The Flag of Hungary is the flag of the European country, Hungary. It has three horizontal tricolour of red, white and green. It was adopted on 23 May 1957.

Flag of Finland

The Flag of Finland is the flag of the European country, Finland. It is a white with a blue Nordic cross.

Flag of Luxembourg

The Flag of Luxembourg (, , ) has three horizontal stripes of red, white and blue, and can be in 1:2 or 3:5 ratio. It was first used between 1845 and 1848 and officially adopted on 23 June 1972.

T. Rex Autopsy

T. Rex Autopsy is a 2015 documentary when a team of four paleontologists dissect a silicon "Tyrannosaurus". The four palentologists were Tori Herridge, Stephen Brusatte, Matthew T. Mossbrucker and Luke Gamble, who is the lead anatomist. The T. rex was based off the most complete fossil, "Sue".

Flag of Guinea

The national Flag of Guinea was created on November 10, 1958. The flag is a vertical tricolour of red, yellow and green.

Encyclopedia Britannica

Feldis/Veulden

Feldis/Veulden was a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Feldis/Veulden, Scheid, Trans and Tumegl/Tomils merged into the new municipality of Tomils.

Sant'Antonio (disambiguation)

Sant'Antonio can mean:


Felsberg, Switzerland

Felsberg () is a municipality of the district Imboden in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Fréland

Fréland is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Three letter rule

In English, the three letter rule (or short word rule) is the observation that content words are three letters long at least.

One- and two-letter words are mostly function words. Examples: "I", "at", "he", "if", "of", "or", etc. Therefore, content words almost all have at least three letters. Notice that content words with fewer than three phonemes get an extra letter or letters which are "phonetically redundant": the extra letters do not change the sound. Examples are such as "ebb, "add, "egg, "inn, "bee, "awe, "buy", "owe", etc.

Carl E. Reichardt

Carl Edwin Reichardt Jr. (July 6, 1931 – July 13, 2017) was an American banking executive. He was born in Houston, Texas. He was a graduate of the University of Southern California. During his career, he served as President of Wells Fargo & Company from 1978 through 1983.

Reichardt also served on the boards of a number of corporations, include Pacific Gas & Electric, ConAgra, HCA, McKesson, HSBC Holdings PLC, and the Newhall Management Corporation.

Reichardt died on July 13, 2017 at his home in Belvedere, California from cardiopulmonary arrest at the age of 86.

Hugh Beaver

Sir Hugh Eyre Campbell Beaver, KBE (4 May 1890 – 16 January 1967) was the founder of Guinness World Records.


List of Brazilian scientists

This is a list of Brazilian scientists.




List of Chinese scientists

This a list of noted scientists from China.





List of Egyptian scientists

The list of Egyptian scientists includes




List of Iranian scientists

The following is a list of notable Iranian scientists.





Hywel Bennett

Hywel Thomas Bennett (8 April 1944 – 25 July 2017) was a Welsh actor. Bennett was known for his recurring title role as James Shelley in the television sitcom "Shelley" (1979–84), and its sequel "The Return of Shelley" (1988–92).

After becoming known for his role in the comedy movie "The Virgin Soldiers" (1969), Bennett made appearances in movier such as "Loot" (1970) and "Percy" (1971). He was in "EastEnders" during 2003 as gangster Jack Dalton.

Bennett died on 25 July 2017 at the age of 73.

Arrondissement of Saint-Amand-Montrond

The arrondissement of Saint-Amand-Montrond is an arrondissement of France, in the Cher department, Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Saint-Amand-Montrond.

When the Cher department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Saint-Amand-Montrond was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Amand-Montrond is the most southern "arrondissement" of the Cher department. It is bordered to the north by the Bourges "arrondissement", to the northeast by the Nièvre department, to the east and southeast by the Allier department, to the south by the Creuse department and to the west by the Indre department.

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Amand-Montrond has an area of and a population of 65,145 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the "arrondissement" of Saint-Amand-Montrond, (with their INSEE codes) are:

The "arrondissement" of Saint-Amand-Montrond has 116 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Oldest people

This is a list of tables of the verified (validated) oldest people in the world in ordinal rank, such as oldest person or oldest man. In these tables, a supercentenarian is considered 'verified' if his or her claim has been validated by an international body that specifically deals in longevity research, such as the Gerontology Research Group (GRG) or Guinness World Records.

<br><br>

<br>
<br>




Wanda Chotomska

Wanda Maria Chotomska (26 October 1929 – 2 August 2017) was a Polish children's writer, screenwriter and poet. She was born in Warsaw. She was known for being the screenwriter of the "Jacek i Agatka" television series.

Her poems include: "Wiersze pod psem" (1959), "Siedem księżyców" (1970), "Tańce polskie" (1981), "Kram z literami" (1987), "Wiersze dla dzieci" (1997), and "Wanda Chotomska dla najmłodszych" (2000).

Chotomska died in Warsaw on 2 August 2017 at the age of 87.


John Graham (rugby union)

Sir David John Graham (9 January 1935 – 2 August 2017), generally known as John Graham, was a New Zealand educator and rugby union player. He served as president of the New Zealand Rugby Football Union (NZRFU) and was an All Black loose forward. 

Graham played 22 Tests between 1958 and 1964, including three as captain. He was headmaster of Auckland Grammar School from 1973 to 1993, New Zealand cricket team manager from 1997 to 1999, the University of Auckland Chancellor from 1999 to 2004, and was elected president of the NZRFU in April 2005.

Graham was born in Stratford, New Zealand. Graham died of cancer in Auckland on 2 August 2017 at the age of 82.


Judith Jones

Judith Jones (née Bailey; March 10, 1924 – August 2, 2017) was an American writer and proofreader. She was best known for having rescued "The Diary of Anne Frank" from the reject pile. Jones also helped publish Julia Child's "Mastering the Art of French Cooking". 

Jones retired as senior editor and vice president at Alfred A. Knopf in 2011. Jones was also a cookbook author and memoirist. She won multiple lifetime achievement awards, including the James Beard Foundation Lifetime Achievement Award in 2006.


Jim Marrs

Jim Marrs (December 5, 1943 – August 2, 2017) was an American newspaper journalist and "The New York Times" best-selling writer of books and articles on a wide range of alleged cover ups and conspiracies. He was born in Fort Worth, Texas.

Marrs was a important figure in the JFK conspiracy press and his book "Crossfire" was a source for Oliver Stone's movie "JFK". He wrote books asserting the existence of government conspiracies regarding aliens, 9/11, telepathy, and secret societies. He was once a news reporter in the Dallas–Fort Worth Metroplex and taught a class on the assassination of John F. Kennedy at University of Texas at Arlington for 30 years. Marrs was a member of the Scholars for 9/11 Truth.

Marrs died of a heart attack on August 2, 2017 in Springtown, Texas at the age 73.


Shen Daren

Shen Daren () (June 1928 – August 2, 2017) was a Chinese politician. He was born in Wu County, Jiangsu. He was Communist Party of China Committee Secretary of Ningxia (1986–1989) and his home province (1989–1993). He was a delegate to the 8th National People's Congress (1993–1998) and 9th National People's Congress (1998–2003).

Shen died on August 2, 2017 in Beijing at the age of 89.

Bonaventura Duda

Bonaventura Duda (January 14, 1924 – August 3, 2017) was a Croatian theologian and biblical scholar. He was a well known corresponding member of the Croatian Academy of Sciences and Arts. Duda was known as one of the greatest biblical translators and promoters of the spirit of the Second Vatican Council.

From 1964 until 1969 he was professor and head of the Department of the Scriptures of the New Testament at the Catholic Theological Faculty of the University of Zagreb. He was elected several times a vice dean and from 1982 to 1986, dean of Faculty. He retired on October 1, 1993, and was elected Professor Emeritus on November 9, 2001.


Richard Dudman

Richard Beebe Dudman (May 3, 1918 – August 3, 2017) was an American journalist. He was born in Centerville, Iowa.

Dudman spent 31 years with the "St. Louis Post-Dispatch" during which time he covered Fidel Castro's rise in Cuba, the Assassination of John F. Kennedy, the invasion of Cuba at the Bay of Pigs, the Watergate scandal, the Assassination attempt on Ronald Reagan, the Iran-Contra affair, and wars and revolutions in Latin America, the Middle East, and the Far East.

Dudman served as chief of the Washington bureau during the 1970s which landed him on the master list of Nixon political opponents.

Dudman died on August 3, 2017 in St. Louis, Missouri at the age of 99.


Ángel Nieto

Ángel Nieto Roldán (25 January 1947 – 3 August 2017) was a Spanish multiple Grand Prix motorcycle racing world champion. He was born in Zamora, Spain.

Nieto had one of the most successful motorcycle racing careers of all time, with 13 World Championships to his name, by means of several 50cc, 80cc and 125cc titles. He also competed on five occasions in 250cc races, of which he had finished in 5th place.

Nieto died on 3 August 2017 of cerebral edema after being hit by a car a week before in Ibiza, Spain at the age of 70.


Mariann Mayberry

Mariann Mayberry (May 25, 1965 – August 1, 2017) was an American actress. She was born in Springfield, Missouri, though she was raised in Chicago, Illinois. She spent most of her career in Chicago performing at the Steppenwolf Theatre Company. She was known for her stage roles in "" and "One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest". In movies, she was known for her role as Mother in the 2005 movie "War of the Worlds".

Mayberry died of ovarian cancer at her sister's house in New Haven, Connecticut on August 1, 2017, at the age of 52.


Ann Robinson

Ann Robinson (born May 25, 1929) is an American actress and stunt horse rider. She is best known for her work in the science-fiction classic "The War of the Worlds" and in the 1954 movie "Dragnet".

Robinson was born in Hollywood, California. She studied at Hollywood High School. In 1987, she married Joseph Valdez. They divorced in 2017.


How Long

"How Long" is a song by American country music group Eagles. It was released in August 20, 2007. It was the second single from their seventh studio album "Long Road Out of Eden".

The video debuted at number 18 on CMT's Top 20 Countdown for the week of November 15, 2007.

Dickie Hemric

Ned Dixon "Dickie" Hemric (August 29, 1933 – August 3, 2017) was an American collegiate and professional basketball player. He was born in Jonesville, North Carolina. He played for the Boston Celtics during his entire career from 1955 through 1957.

Hemric died on August 3, 2017 at his home in Akron, Ohio at the age of 83.

Consumer electronics

Consumer electronics, or home electronics, are electronic equipment intended for use by everyday use, typically in private homes.

Some categories of consumer electronics include telephones, audio equipment, televisions, calculators, home appliances and playback and recording of video media such as DVD or VHS.

Many consumer electronics have planned obsolescence, resulting in E-waste.

Mezmerize

Mezmerize is the third studio album by System of a Down. The album was released on May 17, 2005.

Kristiansand

Kristiansand is a municipality in Norway's Agder county. Kristiansand was created as a ["city-municipality"] "bykommune" in 1837.

On 29 July 2017 around 70 Nazis held an illegal demonstration and march in [the centre of] Kristiansand, without being opposed by the police; one person who placed himself in the way of the Nazis, and another who demonstrated against the Nazis, were removed by the police.
The demonstration [and march] was held by Nordic Resistance Movement .

In October 2023, a new municipal council will meet, and it elects a mayor (for 4 years).


Audi Cup 2017

The Audi Cup 2017 (the fifth edition of the Audi Cup) was a two-day football tournament in Munich, Germany. The participating teams were Bayern Munich, Atlético de Madrid, S.S.C. Napoli and Liverpool.


Fideris

Fideris is a municipality of the district of Davos in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Friesen

Friesen is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Dover, Ohio

Dover is a city in Tuscarawas County, Ohio, United States. The population was 13,112 at the 2020 United States Census.

Mzuzu

Mzuzu is third largest city in Malawi. In 2008, 175,345 people lived there. It is the capital of the Northern Region. It is in Mzimba District.

Bartlow

Bartlow is a small village and civil parish in the South Cambridgeshire district of Cambridgeshire in the United Kingdom. It is about southeast of Cambridge and west of Haverhill in Suffolk. The River Granta runs through the village.

Lorain County, Ohio

Lorain County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 312,964 people lived there. The county seat is Elyria.

East Cleveland, Ohio

East Cleveland is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. The population was 13,792 at the 2020 census.

Elyria, Ohio

Elyria is a city in the U.S. state of Ohio. It is the county seat of Lorain County. At the 2020 census, 52,656 people lived there. The city is named for its founder, Heman Ely.

Concord, North Carolina

Concord is a city in North Carolina in the United States. It is the county seat of Cabarrus County.

Kiltimagh

Kiltimagh () is a town in County Mayo, Ireland.

Agbado River

Agbado River is a river of Benin. It discharges into the Zou River at the Atchérigbé Classified Forest near Setto.

Luiz Melodia

Luiz Carlos dos Santos (January 7, 1951 – August 4, 2017), more commonly known as Luiz Melodia, was a Brazilian actor, singer and songwriter of MPB, rock, blues, soul and samba. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. In 2015, he won the 26th Brazilian Music Award for Best Artist.

Melodia died on 4 August 2017 at the age of 66 in his hometown, Rio de Janeiro from bone marrow cancer.


Daniel Licht

Daniel James Licht (March 13, 1957 – August 2, 2017) was an American movie composer and musician. He was born in Massachusetts and raised in Detroit, Michigan.

Licht was best known for composing the score for Showtime TV drama series, "Dexter" and for the movie "Children of the Night". He was also known for composing the video game score of "Silent Hill".

Licht died on August 2, 2017 in Los Angeles, California of liposarcoma at the age of 60.

Paul Stookey

Noel Paul Stookey (born December 30, 1937) is an American singer-songwriter. Stookey is known by his stage name, "Paul", in the folk trio Peter, Paul and Mary. He has been known by his first name, "Noel", throughout his life. He continues to work as a singer and an activist, performing as a solo artist, and occasionally performing with Peter Yarrow.


Mary Travers

Mary Allin Travers (November 9, 1936 – September 16, 2009) was an American singer-songwriter and member of the folk music group Peter, Paul and Mary, along with Peter Yarrow and (Noel) Paul Stookey. Peter, Paul and Mary was one of the most successful folk-singing groups of the 1960s. 

Unlike most folk musicians of the early 1960s who were a part of the burgeoning music scene in the Village, Travers grew up there. She sang in the contralto range.

Travers died on September 16, 2009 from complications of bone marrow transplant due to leukemia in Danbury, Connecticut at the age of 72.

Maurice Gibb

Maurice Ernest Gibb, CBE (; 22 December 1949 – 12 January 2003) was a British singer, songwriter, multi-instrumentalist, and record producer. He was married to Scottish singer, Lulu, in 1969 but they split four years later.

Gibb was a member of the British-Australian pop group The Bee Gees. Although his brothers Barry and Robin Gibb were the group's main lead singers, most of their albums included at least one or two compositions by Maurice, including "Lay It on Me", "Country Woman" and "On Time". The Bee Gees were one of the most successful rock-pop groups ever.

Gibb died of complications from a twisted intestine on 12 January 2003 in Miami Beach, Florida at the age of 53.

Motor oil

Motor oil is a type of liquid oil used for lubrication by various kinds of motors, especially internal combustion engines. The main purpose of motor oil is to reduce friction against moving parts, which makes the motor last longer.

Arrondissement of Vierzon

The arrondissement of Vierzon is an arrondissement of France, in the Cher department, Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital, and subprefecture of the department, is the city of Vierzon.

When the Cher department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Vierzon was not part of that original department. The "arrondissement" was created in 1984.

The "arrondissement" of Vierzon is in the northwest of the department. It is bordered to the north by the Loiret department, to the east by the Bourges "arrondissement", to the south by the Indre-et-Loire department and to the west by the Loir-et-Cher department.

The "arrondissement" of Vierzon is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department with an area of . It has a population of 71,236 inhabitants.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the "arrondissement" of Vierzon, (with their INSEE codes) are:

The "arrondissement" of Vierzon has 43 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Caulifla

Caulifla is a character of the Japanese anime series Dragon Ball Super. She is a Saiyan of Universe 6 in the Universal Survival Arc.

Caulifla is a short girl of slender build and fair complexion. She wears a low cut magenta tube top, low-set purple harem trousers, long dark grey wristbands, and a pair of pointy dark grey shoes. Her hair is long, wild, and spiky. Caulifla's eyes are narrow yet big, with large black pupils, as well as thin eyebrows.
As noted by her brother, she has a very punkish attitude and is also recognized as a tomboy, to which she shows a strong contrast to the rest of her race, acting more akin to the Universe 7 Saiyans. Caulifla is shown to be very lazy if not self-absorbed as she initially refused to join the Tournament of Power even when learning her universe's or her own existence were on the line. It took Cabba telling her about the Super Saiyan form as well as about being able to achieve greater heights in her strength to make her agree, showing her desire to become stronger. Despite her tomboyish attitude, Caulifla cares about others, especially her protégée, Kale, whom she treats like a younger sister.

Caulifla is first seen sitting on a large throne-like chair eating a large bone of meat. After being informed by Renso, Cabba attempts to recruit her to the Universe 6 team, but Caulifla shows no interest, regardless of what may happen to Universe 6. After Cabba transforms, Caulifla accepts his invitation to the team, knowing she has the ability to not only transform into Super Saiyan, but also get stronger. Later Caulifla is seen in a rocky area with Cabba and her protégée Kale, Cabba teaches Caulifla how to become a Super Saiyan. Cabba then explains to her to focus her energy on her back. Caulifla tries this and she easily transform into to a Super Saiyan. Caulifla also transform into to a Super Saiyan 2 like when she easily deflect an energy blast from a berserk Kale. In the Tournament of Power Caulifla and her Protégée Kale both fought Goku in a fight. Caulifla was in her Super Saiyan 2 form while Kale was in her berserk form. Caulifla is also expected to be in future episodes of Dragon Ball Super.

Roger Wootton

Leslie Roger Wootton (29 June 1944 – 5 July 2017) was an English aeronautical engineer and balloonist. He was dean of engineering for City University and in 1966 prepared a report on the aircraft maintenance industry for the British Civil Aviation Authority.

Wootton died on 5 July 2017 in London at the age of 73.

Stephen T. Worland

Stephen Theodore Worland (19 February 1923 – 29 July 2017) was an American economist. He was a professor at the University of Notre Dame. Worland was known for his works on the , and . 

Worland was the author of the book "Scholasticism and Welfare Economics", published by the University of Notre Dame Press in 1967. He also authored the "Economics and Justice" chapter in the book "Justice: Views from the Social Sciences", edited by and published by Springer in 1986.

Worland was born in Neoga, Illinois. He studied at the University of Illinois. Worland died on 29 July 2017 at his home in Columbus, Indiana at the age of 94.

Francesco La Macchia

Francesco La Macchia (9 October 1938 – 31 July 2017) was an Italian sprint canoer who won a C-2 1000 m silver medal at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome. He was born in Tonnarella, Messina.

La Macchia died on 31 July 2017 in Rome at the age of 78.

John Cunliffe

John Arthur Cunliffe (16 June 1933 – 20 September 2018) was an English children's book author and television presenter. He was known for creating the characters of Postman Pat and Rosie and Jim.

Cunliffe was born in Colne, Lancashire. He died on 20 September 2018, aged 85 from Sky, BBC and ITV News.


Ken Barrie

Leslie Hulme (9 January 1933 – 29 July 2016), known professionally as Ken Barrie, was an English voice actor and singer. He was best known for narrating, and singing the theme tune of the BBC television programmes "Postman Pat" and "Charlie Chalk". He was also responsible for providing the voices of several of the series' characters.

Barrie died at his home in Denham, Buckinghamshire on 29 July 2016 from liver cancer at the age of 83 from Sky, BBC and ITV News.

Shirley Fry Irvin

Shirley June Fry Irvin ("née" Fry; June 30, 1927 – July 13, 2021) was a world No. 1 American tennis player. She was born in Akron, Ohio and raised in Winter Park, Florida. 

Irvin was one of ten to have won each Grand Slam singles tournament at least once during her career. She was also one of seven women to have won all four Grand Slam doubles tournaments.

Irvin was ranked in the world top 10 in 1946 and 1948 and from 1950 through 1955 (no rankings issued from 1940 through 1945), and #1 in 1956. The United States Lawn Tennis Association ranked her in the U.S. top 10 from 1944 through 1955 and #1 in 1956. She was inducted into the International Tennis Hall of Fame in 1970.

Irvin died on July 13, 2021 under hospice care in Naples, Florida at the age of 94.


Borealopelta

Borealopelta was a large armoured dinosaur. It was found in Alberta, Canada and is a nodosaurid ankylosaur. 

The osteoderms in its armour were in their life positions, with remains of their keratin sheaths and overlying skin. It may be the most complete ankylosaur ever found. Melanin found in its epidermis remains suggests it was camouflaged.

The report gives its estimated length as 5.5 metres and its estimated weight as about ~1,300 pbs.

List of Indian scientists

This is a list of noted scientists from India.


Dionigi Tettamanzi

Dionigi Tettamanzi (14 March 1934 – 5 August 2017) was an Italian prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was named a cardinal in 1998. He was Archbishop of Genoa from 1995 to 2002 and Archbishop of Milan from 2002 to 2011. He was born in Renate, Italy.

Tettamanzi was one of the cardinal electors who participated in the 2013 papal conclave that selected Pope Francis.

Tettamanzi died at his home in Triuggio, Italy on 5 August 2017 at the age of 83.


Marcelino Perelló Valls

Marcelino Perelló Valls (1944 – 5 August 2017) was a Mexican activist and politician. He was born in Mexico City. He was a known figure of the Mexican Student Movement of 1968, and the representative of the School of Sciences of the National Autonomous University of Mexico (UNAM) to the National Strike Council (CNH). Perelló has been a member of the Mexican Communist Party (PCM) from 1965 until his death in 2017.

Perelló Valls died in Mexico City on 5 August 2017 at the age of 73.

Ty Hardin

Orton or Orison Whipple Hungerford Jr., known as Ty Hardin (January 1, 1930 – August 3, 2017) was a former American actor. He was born in New York City. Hardin was best known as the star of the 1958 to 1962 ABC/Warner Brothers western television series "Bronco".

Hardin died in Dallas, Texas on August 3, 2017 at the age of 87.


Irina Berezhna

Irina Berezhna, Russian: Irina Berezhnaya (13 August 1980 – 5 August 2017) was a Ukrainian politician. She was born in Luhansk, Ukraine. She member of Party of Regions (since October 2007), a former People's Deputy of Ukraine, member of the fraction of the Party of Regions.

Berezhna died in a car accident on the Adriatic coast on 5 August 2017 at the age of 36.

Filisur

Filisur () was a municipality of the district Albula in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

The village sits on a hillside with a view to the west where the two rivers Albula/Alvra from the Albula Pass and Landwasser from Davos meet.

On 1 January 2018, the former municipalities of Bergün/Bravuogn and Filisur merged into the new municipality of Bergün Filisur.


Vinzel

Vinzel is a municipality in the district of Nyon in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Frœningen

Frœningen is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department in Alsace in north-eastern France.


Fulleren

Fulleren is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Galfingue

Galfingue is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Martin Shkreli

Martin Shkreli (, born March 17, 1983) is an American businessman, former hedge fund manager and convicted fraudster. He is the co-founder of the hedge funds Elea Capital, MSMB Capital Management, MSMB Healthcare, co-founder and former chief executive officer (CEO) of the biotechnology firm Retrophin, and founder and former CEO of Turing Pharmaceuticals.

In September 2015, Shkreli received widespread criticism when Turing got the manufacturing license for the antiparasitic drug Daraprim and raised its price by a factor of 56 (from $13.50 to $750 per pill), leading him to be referred to as "the most hated man in America" and "pharma bro".

In December 2015, Shkreli was arrested by the FBI after being indicted on federal charges of securities fraud. He subsequently as CEO of Turing Pharmaceuticals and was replaced by the company's board chairman, Ron Tilles. Shkreli was convicted of two counts of securities fraud and one count of conspiring to commit securities fraud in August 2017. In May 2022, he was released from prison to a halfway house.

Luis Fonsi

Luis Alfonso Rodríguez López-Cepero (born April 15, 1978), known by his stage name Luis Fonsi, is a Puerto Rican singer, songwriter and actor. He is best known for the hit song "Despacito" (2017). In January 2017, "Despacito" featuring Daddy Yankee was promoted and released. 

In 2011, Fonsi released the album "Tierra Firme", and went on tour to promote it throughout Latin America.

On July 9, 2011, "Billboard" named Fonsi "Leader of Latin Music's New Generation".

On July 4, 2017, the music video has reached two billion views on YouTube, with the song becoming number one in nearly every Latin "Billboard" chart, and the most viewed video in the world. In August 2017, "Despacito" became the number one most viewed video on YouTube, with three billion views and counting.

As of 2018 he has broken six Guinness World Records and sold more than 11 million records with "Despacito".

After five years since "8", on 1 February 2019 his 10th studio album "Vida" was released. The track list contains "Despacito (Remix) ", "Échame la Culpa" and "Sola". The album topped the Billboard Top Latin Albums and Spanish album chart, and entered at number 18 of the Billboard 200.

In June 2018, Fonsi released the single "Calypso", with Stefflon Don. The song peaked at number 11 on the Hot Latin chart. On 2 November 2018, he collaborated on the track "Baby" by Clean Bandit from their second studio album. The song peaked at number 13 of Billboard Hot Dance/Electronic Songs and at number 15 of UK Singles Chart.

On 13 January 2019, the singer joined with Wisin, Alejandra Guzmán and Carlos Vives as coaches of the first Spanish season of La Voz by Telemundo.


Yèvre

The Yèvre is a river in central France. It is a right tributary of the Cher river. It flows through the Cher department in the Centre-Val de Loire region.

The Yèvre is long. Its drainage basin covers and 80.11% of the watershed is farming land.

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Savigny-en-Septaine (22 years), at of altitude.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Savigny-en-Septaine
The Yèvre starts in the Gron municipality, Cher department, Centre-Val de Loire region, at about to the east of the city of Bourges. It starts at an altitude of about above sea level and it is called here as "Ruisseau de Gron".

The Yèvre flows from East to West through the Cher department and through the "arrondissements" of Bourges and Vierzon and through 18 "communes": Gron (source), Baugy, Avord, Farges-en-Septaine, Nohant-en-Goût, Savigny-en-Septaine, Moulins-sur-Yèvre, Osmoy, Saint-Germain-du-Puy, Bourges, Saint-Doulchard, Marmagne, Berry-Bouy, Mehun-sur-Yèvre, Allouis, Vignoux-sur-Barangeon, Foëcy and Vierzon (confluence).

Moulins-sur-Yèvre and Mehun-sur-Yèvre are two "communes" named after this river.

At its end, the Yèvre flows into the Cher river as a right tributary in the city of Vierzon, at about of altitude.

The main tributaries, with a length greater than 50 km, of the Cher are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Julia Michaels

Julia Cavassos (better known as Julia Michaels; born November 13, 1993) is an American singer and songwriter. She is best known for her single "Issues". The song peaked at #11 on the United States "Billboard" Hot 100. It was marked double platinum by the Recording Industry Association of America (RIAA).

Michaels' EP album, "Nervous System", was released on July 28, 2017.

Her second single is "Uh Huh". This song was released on June 2, 2017.

Michaels said her inspirations were Fiona Apple, Laura Marling and Paramore.

Michaels was born in Davenport, Iowa. She later moved to Santa Clarita, California, a suburb of Los Angeles.

Subsidiary

A subsidiary is a company that is controlled by its parent company. Even though a subsidiary works on its own, and its purposes are "different" from that of its parent company, the parent company is in control of its subsidiary.

A company's subsidiary is different from a company's division because a division works "together" with its parent company. A division's goal is usually similar to that of its parent company, and the division has to use its parent company's name. A subsidiary can use a name different from that of its parent company.

For example, YouTube is a "subsidiary" of Google, because Google is a search engine, while YouTube is a video sharing website. Google Videos is a "division" of Google, because Google Videos is a search engine that searches videos on the Internet. This is to match its parent company Google as a search engine. Also, YouTube has an entirely different name and logo from Google's, while Google Videos, as a division, must use Google's name and logo.

España Boulevard

España Boulevard is an important road in Manila, the capital of the Philippines, that has 8 lanes (4 in each direction). It starts at a roundabout or traffic circle at the boundary of Quezon City and Manila and ends at a Y-shaped intersection with Lerma and Nicanor B. Reyes Streets in Manila. It is named after the Spanish name of Spain, the Philippines' colonial power for 333 years.

List of roads in Metro Manila

This is an alpabetical list of important roads that are located in Metro Manila, the capital region of the Philippines. It also includes roads that have parts not located in the region, like neighboring provinces.

Roads in Metro Manila are usually classified into highways, avenues, and streets.

Jerome Adams

Jerome Michael Adams (born September 22, 1974) is an American anesthesiologist. He was the 20th Surgeon General of the United States from September 2017 to January 2021.

Before assuming his current role, he served as the Indiana State Health Commissioner from 2014 to 2017. On June 29, 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Adams to become Surgeon General of the United States. Adams was confirmed by the United States Senate on August 3, 2017.


Erling Brøndum

Erling Brøndum (11 July 1930 – 4 August 2017) was a Danish journalist and politician. He began at "Bornholms Tidende" as a reporter, and at age 26, was named chief editor. 

After fourteen years as the publication's editor, Brøndum joined the staff of the "Horsens Folkeblad". In 1973, Poul Hartling named Brøndum Minister of Defence. He left the post in 1975, and returned to "Horsens Folkeblad" and the "Aalborg Stiftstidende".

Brøndum died in Copenhagen, Denmark on 4 August 2017 at the age of 87.

Clayton Williams

Clayton Wheat "Claytie" Williams Jr. (October 8, 1931 – February 14, 2020) was an American businessman and philanthropist.

Williams ran for state governor in 1990. Despite securing the Republican nomination and initially leading in the polls against Democratic challenger State Treasurer Ann Richards by twenty points, Williams ultimately lost the race.


William P. Hobby Jr.

William Pettus “Bill” Hobby Jr. (born January 19, 1932) is an American Democratic politician who served a record eighteen years as the 37th Lieutenant Governor. 

Hobby Jr. held that office from January 16, 1973 to January 15, 1991 for five unprecedented terms, he was the last lieutenant governor to serve a two-year term and the first elected to a four-year term when the Texas Constitution was amended to lengthen terms for statewide elected officeholders to four years beginning with the 1974 elections. The principal duty of the Texas lieutenant governor is to preside over the Texas State Senate.


Amorsolo Street

Amorsolo Street is a street located in the western part of Makati, the Philippines. It is located next to Chino Roces Avenue in the west. It is named after the famous Filipino painter and national artist Fernando Amorsolo.

Hollywood Steps Out

Hollywood Steps Out is a 1941 short Merrie Melodies cartoon by Warner Bros., directed by Tex Avery. The cartoon features caricatures by Ben Shenkman of Hollywood celebrities from the 1930s and early 1940s, including Cary Grant, Clark Gable, Wallace Beery, Bing Crosby, Greta Garbo, and Groucho Marx.


Escolta Street

Escolta Street is a historic west to east street in the downtown district of Binondo in Manila, the capital of the Philippines. It is very near to (and parallel to) Pasig River. It starts at Plaza Moraga to the west and ends at Plaza Santa Cruz and Quintin Paredes Street to the east. It contains some examples of early skyscraper design in the country.
The name of the street is derived from the Spanish word ""escoltar"", meaning "to escort" or "to accompany". It is known as calle de la Escolta in the Spanish language. It was built in 1594 and was the center of business and commerce in Metro Manila until the 1960s, when the center of business slowly moved to Makati.

Primary sector of the economy

The primary sector of the economy of a country is the first division of the economic sector. It includes agriculture, farming, mining, and fishing.

National Changhua University of Education

National Changhua University of Education (NCUE; ) is a national research university located in Taiwan.The main campus is in Changhua County.It was founded in 1745.

National Changhua University of Education have two campus : Jin-De Campus and Bao-Shan campus

The school has five masters, which is the culture of the school since its establishment.


Paysandú Department

The Paysandú department () is a department of Uruguay. The capital is the city of Paysandú.

Its code is UY-PA.

The Paysandú department is in the western part of Uruguay, along the Uruguay river. It has an area of , the third largest department in the country, after the Tacuarembó and Salto departments. The population is 113,124 inhabitants (2011 census) for a population density of inhabitants/km.

There are two chains of low hills in the department. These chains of low and rounded hills are named "cuchillas" in the country. The two "cuchillas" in the department are "cuchilla de Queguay" to the northwest, and "cuchilla de Haedo" to the southeast.

There is one protected area in the department: "Montes del Queguay" (); it is around the confluence of the Queguay Grande and Queguay Chico rivers.

The main rivers in the department are:

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate in Paysandú is a "Humid subtropical climate" and of the subtype Cfa.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Paysandú is . The month with the most precipitation on average is March with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is May with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Paysandú is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is June, with an average temperature of .

The inhabitants of the Paysandú department (and of the city of Paysandú) are known, in Spanish, as "Sanduceros".
Evolution of the population in Paysandú

According to the 2011 census, the Paysandú department has a rural population of 4,364.



Payyanur

Payyanur is a town and municipality in Kannur district in the state of Kerala in India. This municipality is formed by three administrative villages: Vellur, Korom and Payyanur. Other villages are: Annur and Kokkanissery. The town is on the banks of the Perumba River.

Kingdom of Kent

The Kingdom of Kent was a kingdom of the Jutes in southeast England.

Always Be My Baby

"Always Be My Baby" is a song by American singer and songwriter Mariah Carey from her fifth studio album "Daydream" (1995). It was released by Columbia Records in March 9, 1996 as the third US single and fourth overall. The song was written by Carey, Jermaine Dupri and Manuel Seal. A mid-tempo song, "Always Be My Baby" became Carey's eleventh number one single on the Billboard 100.

Worldwide CD single

U.S. 7" single

Worldwide 12" single

U.S. CD single

Credits adapted from the "Daydream" liner notes.

Works cited

Ana-Maria Avram

Ana-Maria Avram (12 September 1961 – 1 August 2017) was a Romanian composer. Her works deal with the spectral music style. She represents with Iancu Dumitrescu the Hyper-Spectral trend in contemporary avant-garde music, conductor with Dumitrescu of the Hyperion Ensemble. She has composed around 90 works as of 2009: music for soloists, chamber music, music for orchestra, electronic music and computer-assisted music. She was born in Bucharest.

Avram died on 1 August 2017 at the age of 55.


Nicole Bricq

Nicole Bricq (; 10 June 1947 – 6 August 2017) was a French politician. She was a member of the Senate of France, representing the Seine-et-Marne department. Bricq was a member of the Socialist Party. On 16 May 2012 she was appointed Minister of Ecology, Energy, and Sustainable Development in the government of Jean-Marc Ayrault.

Bricq was born in La Rochefoucauld, Charente. She studied at Montesquieu University.

On 6 August 2017, Bricq died from complications of a fall in Paris at the age of 70.


Martin Roth (museum director)

Martin Roth (16 January 1955 – 6 August 2017) was a German museum director. He was Director General of the Dresden State Art Collections from 2001 to 2011 and Director of the Victoria and Albert Museum in London, England, from 2011 to 2016. He was born in Stuttgart, Germany.

Roth died in Berlin on 6 August 2017 at the age of 62.

Pushpa Mittra Bhargava

Pushpa Mittra Bhargava (22 February 1928 – 1 August 2017) was an Indian scientist, writer, and administrator. He founded the Centre for Cellular and Molecular Biology, a federally funded research institute, in Hyderabad. He was outspoken and highly influential in the development of scientific temper in India, and argued that scientific rationalism needed to be cultivated as a civic duty.

Bhargava died on 1 August 2017, aged 89 at Hyderabad, India.

Santosh Mohan Dev

Santosh Mohan Dev () (1 April 1934 – 2 August 2017), was an Indian political leader and a key member of the Indian National Congress. Dev was first elected to the Parliament in 1980, the first of his seven terms in office as the Member Of Parliament. Out of these seven, he has represented Silchar, Assam five times and he was elected from Tripura twice. He was born in Silchar, Assam Province, British India.

Dev died of stomach cancer on 2 August 2017 in Silchar at the age of 83.


Carmen de Lavallade

Carmen de Lavallade (born March 6, 1931) is an American actress, dancer and choreographer. She was born in Los Angeles, California. She was married to Geoffrey Holder from 1955 until his death in 2014. 

She made her television debut in John Butler's ballet "Flight", and in 1957 she appeared in the television production of Duke Ellington's "A Drum Is a Woman". She appeared in several off-Broadway productions, including "Othello" and "Death of a Salesman".


K. Alex Müller

Karl Alexander Müller (20 April 1927 – 9 January 2023) was a Swiss physicist. He received the Nobel Prize in Physics in 1987 with Georg Bednorz for their work in superconductivity in ceramic materials. They reported their discovery in the June 1986 issue of "Zeitschrift für Physik B".

Müller joined the Battelle Memorial Institute in Geneva, soon becoming the manager of a magnetic resonance group. During this time, he became a lecturer at the University of Zürich. He died on 9 January 2023 in Zürich, at the age of 95.


Hinrich Lehmann-Grube

Hinrich Lehmann-Grube (21 December 1932 – 6 August 2017) was a German politician. He served as Mayor of Leipzig from 1990 through 1998. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party of Germany. He was born in Königsberg (present day Kaliningrad, Russia).

Lehmann-Grube died in Leipzig of cancer on 6 August 2017 at the age of 84.


Love Takes Time

"Love Takes Time" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Mariah Carey. It was written by Carey and Ben Margulies, and was produced by Walter Afanasieff for Carey's debut album, "Mariah Carey" (1990). It was released as the album's second single on July 9, 1990 through CBS Records. "Love Takes Time" became Carey's second "Billboard" Hot 100 number-one single.

When Carey's album was first released in 1990, "Love Takes Time" was not listed on the cassette or compact disc. Ben Margulies, who co-wrote the song with Carey, explained:
Carey revealed she wrote the song in "about an hour."

Worldwide CD single

UK CD single

European CD maxi-single

UK limited edition picture disc

Alexander Strider

The Alexander Strider is a single-decker step-entrance bus body built by Walter Alexander Coachbuilders from 1993 to 1997. It could be built on the Dennis Lance, Volvo B10B, Volvo B10M or Scania L113 chassis.


Designated survivor

The designated survivor (also called designated successor) is a member of the US president's cabinet who goes to a remote, secure location at a time when all the government leadership is gathered in one place, such as during the State of the Union speech or a presidential inauguration. This is to make sure that the government will continue in case of some catastrophe that would result in harm to the President and many top elected officials at once.

The recent designated survivor is Sonny Perdue, President Donald Trump's Secretary of Agriculture, for the 2018 State of the Union Address.

Alexander PS type

The Alexander PS was a step-entrance single-decker bus body built by Walter Alexander Coachbuilders from 1980s to 1990s. It could be built on the Dennis Lance, Leyland Lynx, Mercedes-Benz O405, Scania N113, Volvo B10M or Iveco Turbocity chassis.


Río Negro Department

The Río Negro department () is a department of Uruguay. The capital is the city of Fray Bentos.

Its code is UY-RN.

The Río Negro department was created on 20 March 1880. Before that time, its territory was part of the Paysandú department.

The Río Negro department is in the western part of Uruguay, along the Uruguay river. It has an area of . The population is 54,765 inhabitants (2011 census), one of the departments with fewest inhabitants, for a population density of inhabitants/km.

There are two chains of low hills in the department. These chains of low and rounded hills are named "cuchillas" in the country. The two "cuchillas" in the department are "cuchilla de Navarro" to the south and forming the border with the Durazno department, and "cuchilla de Haedo" that goes from the northeast to the southwest.

There are two protected areas in the department: "National Park Esteros de Farrapos e islas del río Uruguay" () and the "Esteros y algarrobales del río Uruguay".


The main rivers in the department are:

The inhabitants of the Río Negro department (and of the city of Paysandú) are known, in Spanish, as "Rionegrenses".
Evolution of the population in Río Negro

According to the 2011 census, the Río Negro department has a rural population of 5,212, that represents of the total population of the department.



Mycoplasma amphoriforme

Mycoplasma amphoriforme is a type of bacteria. It belongs in a larger group Mycoplasma. This group of bacteria do not have a cell like other bacteria. Because this bacteria does not have a cell wall, medicines may not cure an infection with this bacteria. Penicillin and other medications cannot cure this infection. There are other medications that will work. This group of bacteria are the smallest ones discovered. These bacteria do not need oxygen.

This bacterium has been found in people who are sick. Some people who have lung infections and can not fight illnesses have an infection with this bacterium. It moves by gliding and has a pointed tip that looks the same as M. gallepticum, and M. pneumonia. If a person has an infection with this bacterium they might breathe fast and their hearts could beat fast.

Latching on (breastfeeding)

Latching on is how the baby fastens to the breast while breastfeeding. A good latch helps the baby get milk. This happens when the bottom of the areola (the area around the nipple) is in the baby's mouth. When the nipple is far back inside the baby's mouth this is a good latch. A latch that is not good happens when the baby does not have enough of the breast in his/her mouth. A shallow or short latch causes the nipple skin to press against the hard bones in the top of the baby's mouth. That will cause cracked nipples on the mother. Cracked nipples are painful and can bleed.

A comfortable position helps the baby to latch well. It may take some time for a baby and mother to learn how to get a good latch.

Getting a good latch for breasting can be learned. Mothers can:

Pain means that there is a poor latch. If the pain lasts longer than a few seconds, the latch is probably not correct. The tway for getting a good latch is to gently break the suction by placing a clean finger into the baby's baby's mouth and help the baby latch on again. When the baby unlatches, the nipple should the same or slightly longer. Pain or pinching is a sign of a poor latch. When the baby latches it can feel like a pinch that goes away. If it's more painful than that, it's probably a bad latch. And if the latch hurts the mother, it also keeps the baby from getting enough milk.
Sometimes, a baby's tongue is stuck to the bottom of the mouth. This attachment means the baby can't open his or her mouth wide enough to get a good latch. This is called a tongue-tie. When a baby is checked after it is born, this usually is not checked. If the baby isn't latching on well and is not gaining weight mothers should talk to the nurse or doctor about this. Tongue-tie can be treated and breastfeeding gets better.

Infants will naturally move their head while looking and feeling for a breast to feed. There are many ways to start feeding the infant, and the best approach is the one that works for the mother and the infant. The steps below can help with getting the infant to "latch" on to the breast for feeding.2

Hold the infant against a bare chest. Dress the infant in only a diaper to ensure skin-to-skin contact.
Keep the infant upright, with his or her head directly under the chin.
Support the infant's neck and shoulders with one hand and his or her hips with the other hand. The infant may try to move around to find the breast.
The infant's head should be slightly tilted back to make nursing and swallowing easier. When his or her head is tilted back and the mouth is open, the tongue will naturally be down in the mouth to allow the breast to go on top of it.
At first, allow the breast to hang naturally. The infant may open his or her mouth when the nipple is near his or her mouth. The mother also can gently guide the infant to latch on to the nipple.
While the infant is feeding, his or her nostrils may flare to breathe in air. Do not panic—this flaring is normal. The infant can breathe normally while breastfeeding.
As the infant tilts backward, support his or her upper back and shoulders with the palm of the hand and gently pull the infant close.

A good latch is important for both effective breastfeeding and comfort. Review the following signs to determine whether the infant has a good latch:


Not only is a poor latch painful but it can also lead to blocked milk ducts, mastitis, and other infections. A poor latch also isn't good for the baby, as it means he or she isn't getting enough milk. So if poor latching has been occuring for more than a few days breastfeeding mothers can get help. There are resources available at no or low cost.

De minimis

De minimis is a legal term that means that small things do not matter in the law. The term is short for the Latin maxim (saying) de minimis non curat lex.

In the real world, this could mean laws that exist but not enforced by the government anymore. 

Betty Cuthbert

Elizabeth "Betty" Cuthbert AM, MBE (20 April 1938 – 7 August 2017) was an Australian athlete and a fourfold Olympic champion. She was born in Merrylands, New South Wales.

During her career, she set world records for 60 metres, 100 yards, 200 metres, 220 yards and 440 yards. She went to Ermington Public School which inspired and supported her to go in to the Olympics. Cuthbert also contributed to Australian relay teams completing a win in the 4 × 100 metres, 4 × 110 yards, 4 × 200 metres and 4 × 220 yards. Cuthbert had a distinctive running style, with a high knee lift and mouth wide open.

Cuthbert died of complications from multiple sclerosis at her home in Mandurah, Western Australia on 7 August 2017 at the age of 79.


Darren Daulton

Darren Arthur Daulton (January 3, 1962 – August 6, 2017), nicknamed "Dutch", was an American professional baseball player who played catcher in Major League Baseball (MLB). He was a three-time MLB All-Star with the Philadelphia Phillies, and won a World Series with the Florida Marlins in 1997.

Daulton died from brain cancer on August 6, 2017 in Clearwater, Florida at the age of 55.

Ernst Zündel

Ernst Christof Friedrich Zündel (April 24, 1939 – August 5, 2017) was a German publisher and pamphleteer known for promoting Holocaust denial. He was jailed several times: in Canada for publishing literature "likely to incite hatred against an identifiable group", and on charges of being a threat to national security; in the United States, for overstaying his visa; and in Germany for charges of "inciting racial hatred".

Zündel died at his home in Germany, of a suspected heart attack, on August 5, 2017.

Cracked nipples

Cracked nipples can happen when a mother breastfeeds her infant and it can be very painful. This happens for many reasons. The nipples can hurt, dry, or bleed. When the baby is breastfeeding, the cracked nipple can cause great pain. Many times this severe pain will make the mother stop breastfeeding. The crack looks like a cut across the tip of the nipple. Cracked nipples can be treated and healed.

The nipple helps nourish the baby. Small openings around the nipple are part of a gland that makes oil to keep the skin soft. Cracked nipples usually happen to breastfeeding mothers. Sometimes a sore will form. Cracked nipples are a skin condition that is caused by damage to the nipple. Sometimes cracked nipples can be seen three to seven days after the baby is born. If a nipple appears to be in the shape of a wedge or it looks white and flat this can mean that the nipple may form cracks.

Cracked nipples can happen when breasts are too full with milk. New mothers are more likely to get cracked nipples. Cracked nipples can happen if the baby is not in a good position when he or she is breastfeeding. Nipples that are the wrong shape or are pointed can crack. A nipple that is the wrong shape can sometimes get fixed. If a nipple is a light color the baby may have trouble finding it. If a mother uses a breast pump, this will change the shape of the nipple. When a nipple becomes flat, the baby has a hard time getting it into his or her mouth. When the breast gets very full of milk the shape of the breast will change. The breast will be hard, flat and swollen. Then nipples on an full breast are flat.

When the baby well attached, the nipple goes into the soft part of the baby's mouth. This soft part is in the back of the baby's mouth and is called the soft palate. If the nipple goes into the front of the baby's mouth it will be pinched against the hard part of the baby's mouth. This is called the hard palate. When the nipple is in the front part of the baby's mouth, the nipples can crack and cause great pain. The baby can make cracked nipples when she or he sucks very hard. This strong sucking stretches and pulls the nipple. When the nipple rubs inside and against the skin and tongue of the baby's mouth, the nipple can get hurt. An infection can cause cracked nipples. A type of yeast can cause a skin infection on the nipple. This is called a Candida infection. The same infection can be in the baby's mouth. When the yeast infection is in the baby's mouth, it is called thrush. Thrush looks like clumps of milk stuck on the baby's tongue. But thrush cannot be wiped off the baby's tongue. If the thrush is rubbed off, this may hurt the baby. Thrush can happen if the baby has taken antibiotic medicine. 

When a mother has her first baby, it may take a few times to get the baby to attach well. A good attachment prevents cracked nipples. If the nipples become cracked or bleed, the latch may need to be corrected. Breastfeeding does not have to stop if a mother has cracked nipples. Breastfeeding will help the nipples heal. A little breast milk or purified lanolin cream or ointment helps the nipples heal. 

If a baby bottle is used and breastfeeding is done at the same time this may cause cracked nipples. This is because the sucking of a bottle is not the same as the sucking of a nipple. Bottle-feeding babies suck hard on the bottle. Breasfeeding babies use a different way to suck on the breast that is more gentle. Using a bottle makes the baby not want to breastfeed as much.

Infection can enter the breast through cracked nipples. Bacteria can get in the breast through the cracks. This is called mastitis. Breastmilk protects the baby from infection. Breastmilk does not protect the mother from infection. A breast feeding mother can become infected by a Candida infection (thrush). She can then have deep-pink, cracked, and sore nipples. Mothers with hepatitis B and cracked nipples can breastfeed. There are other infections that the mother can have that can be given to the baby through the cracked nipples. One of this infections that can be given to a baby is called Toxoplasmosis. Transmission risk of HIV can happen if the mother has cracked and bleeding nipples There is a rare infection called Chagas disease, can be given to the breastfeeding infant through cracked nipples. Women with hepatitis C may infect their infants while breastfeeding with cracked nipples.

There are medical people who can help a woman with breastfeeding. They are nurses, midwives and lactation consultants. Healthcare workers treat cracked nipples with 100% lanolin. Sometimes, glycerin nipple pads are made to be cold and put over the nipples to help them heal. If the cause of cracked nipples is from thrush, treatment is usually with nystatin. If the mother is and the baby have a yeast infection then they can be treated at the same time. Breasting helps the nipples heal. 

Some things don't help to cure cracked nipples. These things are using a nipple guard and keeping the breastfeeding short. If the baby only nurses for a short time, then the baby may not get enough milk.

The nipples of mothers are protected by the mother's own skin oil to prevent drying, cracking, or infections. Cracked nipples may be prevented by these things:


Roman chamomile can be used directly on to the skin for pain and swelling and is used to treat cracked nipples.

Many mothers get cracked nipples. Some women in New York City were asked why they stopped breastfeeding. Up to 35% of nursing mothers stopped breastfeeding after one week because of the pain of cracked nipples. Thirty percent stopped breastfeeding after one to three weeks. Mothers in Brazil said that they would also stop breastfeeding when they have cracked nipples. Mothers with higher education levels are more likely to continue breastfeeding even if they have the pain of cracked nipples. Mothers in the UK said they stopped breastfeeding because the cracked nipples made it too painful.

Don Baylor

Donald Edward Baylor (June 28, 1949 – August 7, 2017) was an American professional baseball player and manager. During his 19 seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB), Baylor was a power hitter known for crowding the plate, and was a first baseman, left fielder, and designated hitter.

Baylor played for six different American League (AL) teams, primarily the Baltimore Orioles and California Angels, but also played for the Oakland Athletics, New York Yankees, Minnesota Twins, and Boston Red Sox. In 1979, Baylor was an All-Star and won the AL Most Valuable Player Award.

Baylor won three Silver Slugger Awards, the Roberto Clemente Award, and was a member of the 1987 World Series champions.

After his playing career, Baylor managed the expansion Colorado Rockies for six years and the Chicago Cubs for three seasons. He was named NL Manager of the Year in 1995 and inducted into the Angels Hall of Fame.

Baylor died on August 7, 2017, at the age of 68 from multiple myeloma in Austin, Texas.


Haruo Nakajima

Nakajima died on August 7, 2017 in Tokyo of pneumonia at the age of 88.


Bobby Morgan (baseball)

Bobby Morris Morgan (born June 29, 1926) is an American former professional baseball infielder. He played eight seasons in Major League Baseball (MLB) between 1950 and 1958 for the Brooklyn Dodgers, Philadelphia Phillies, St. Louis Cardinals, and Chicago Cubs. He retired in 1958.

Morgan was born in Oklahoma City, Oklahoma.

Julius W. Becton Jr.

Julius Wesley Becton Jr. (June 29, 1926 – November 28, 2023) was an American military official. He was a United States Army lieutenant general. He served as Director of the Federal Emergency Management Agency (FEMA) during the Ronald Reagan and George H. W. Bush presidencies from 1985 to 1989. He was also an education administrator.

Becton went on to serve in the Korean War and the Vietnam War, eventually rising to the rank of lieutenant general in 1978 and command of VII Corps in Europe during the Cold War. Becton retired from the U.S. Army in 1983, after nearly 40 years of service.

His autobiography, "Becton: Autobiography of a Soldier and Public Servant", was published in 2008 by Naval Institute Press.


Gary Cohn

Gary David Cohn (born August 27, 1960) is an American investment banker and political figure. He is the chief economic advisor to President Donald Trump and Director of the National Economic Council. He was formerly the president and chief operating officer of Goldman Sachs from 2006 to 2017. Cohn is a registered Democrat, but has donated extensively to Republican politicians as well.

Cohn was thought to be one of the most influential voices in the Trump administration. On March 6, 2018, it was reported that Cohn planned to resign from his position in the coming weeks.

Carl Panzram

Carl Panzram (June 28, 1891 - September 5, 1930) was an American serial killer who was hanged for murder. He served time under his own name and various aliases in Fresno, California; Rusk, Texas; The Dalles, Oregon; Harrison, Idaho; Butte, Montana; Montana State Reform School in Miles City; Montana State Prison (as "Jeff Davis" #4194 #3194 and "Jefferson Rhodes" #4396); Oregon State Prison ("Jefferson Baldwin" #7390); Bridgeport, Connecticut ("John O'Leary"); Sing Sing Correctional Facility, New York ("John O'Leary" #75182); Clinton Correctional Facility, New York ("John O'Leary" #75182); and Washington, D.C (Carl Panzram #33379) and Leavenworth, Kansas (Carl Panzram #31614). While incarcerated, Panzram frequently attacked guards and refused to follow their orders. The guards retaliated, subjecting him to beatings and other punishments.

Panzram was born on June 28, 1892, in East Grand Forks, Minnesota the son of Johann Gottlieb Panzram 1843-1926 and Matilda. He had five other siblings who did not become thieves, but Carl was stealing since he was six years old.

After being sentenced to death for killing Warnke,in response to offers from death penalty opponents and human rights activists to intervene, Panzram wrote, "The only thanks you and your kind will ever get from me for your efforts on my behalf is that I wish you all had one neck and that I had my hands on it."
On September 5, 1930, Panzram was hanged for murder at Leavenworth prison. When asked if had any last words, he snapped back "Hurry it up you Hoosier Bastard. I could kill ten men while you're fooling around!". He was buried in the prison graveyard marked only by his prison number.

During his last imprisonment a prison guard Henry Lesser gave Panzram a dollar to buy cigarettes; Panzram was so surprised by this one act of kindness that in return he wrote his autobiography—making it quite clear that he did not repent at all of the robberies, murders, arsons, and rapes which he had committed-writing a detailed summary of his crimes and nihilistic philosophy. It began with a straightforward statement:

In 1938, Karl Menninger wrote "Man Against Himself", including writing about Panzram using the pen name of "John Smith", with Panzram Prison Number # 31614. Lesser preserved Panzram's letters and autobiographical manuscript, then spent the next four decades in search of a publisher willing to print the material. Finally, in 1970, it was released under the title "". In 1996, the book formed the basis of a , starring James Woods as Panzram and Robert Sean Leonard as Lesser. In 1980, Lesser donated Panzram's material to San Diego State University, where they are housed, as the "Carl Panzram papers", in the Malcolm A. Love Library. In 2012 filmmaker John Borowski released a documentary entitled "".

Yoshio Tsuchiya

He has a long-standing interest in UFOs and had written several books on the subject. He preferred starring in science fiction movies, usually as aliens, or people possessed by them, in such movies as "Battle in Outer Space", "Monster Zero", and "Destroy All Monsters". 

Akira Takarada

Takarada died on March 14, 2022 at a hospital in Tokyo, Japan from problems caused by pneumonia at the age of 87.

Río Negro (Uruguay)

The Río Negro ("Black River") is the most important river in Uruguay.is a river in central France. It is a left tributary of the Uruguay river. It starts in southern Brazil and flows west across the entire width of Uruguay to the Uruguay River.

The course of the Río Negro across Uruguay effectively divides the south of the country from the north.

The Río Negro is long. Its drainage basin covers , most of it in territory of Uruguay; only are in Brazil.

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is (70 years) at the "Palmar" dam, to the east of the city of Mercedes, Soriano department.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Palmar
The Río Negro starts in the Bagé municipality, Rio Grande do Sul state, Brazil. It flows from northeast to southwest through Uruguay and divides the country in two parts: the northern part with 6 departments and the southern part (slightly larger) with the 13 remaining departments.

Its course forms the border of the departments:

At its end, to the south of the city of Fray Bentos in the Río Negro department, the Río Negro flows into the Uruguay river as a left tributary. The river has many meanders along its course and three hydroelectric dams has been built on this river that form three artificial lakes (or reservoirs in this case), from northeast to southwest:

The main cities along the river:

The main tributaries of the Río Negro are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Sigmund Sobolewski

Sigmund Sobolewski () (May 11, 1923 – August 7, 2017) was a Polish activist, lecturer and Holocaust survivor. He was the 88th prisoner to enter Auschwitz on the very first transport to the concentration camp on June 14, 1940. He remained a prisoner for four and a half years during World War II. He was a critic of Holocaust denial and was known for having confronted modern neo-Nazis, anti-Semites and Holocaust deniers. 

Sobolewski died of pneumonia complicated from Alzheimer's disease at his home in Bayamo, Cuba on August 7, 2017 at the age of 94. He was survived by his wife, Ramona Sobolewski.

Kyōko Kagawa

In late 2011, the National Museum of Modern Art, Tokyo, honored her long career and her contribution to Japanese cinema with an exhibition titled 'Kyoko Kagawa, Film Actress'.

La Plata, Maryland

La Plata is a town in Charles County, Maryland, United States. In 2020, 10,159 people lived there. It is the county seat of Charles County and home of the Charles County Courthouse.

La Plata was hit by two tornadoes, one in November 1926 that killed 13 people at La Plata Elementary School, and another in April 2002.

Annie Cordy

Baroness Léonie Cooreman, known under the stage name Annie Cordy (16 June 1928 – 4 September 2020) was a Belgian movie actress and singer. She appeared in 50 movies beginning in 1954. 

She staged many memorable appearances at Bruno Coquatrix' famous Paris Olympia. Her version of ""La Ballade de Davy Crockett"" was number 1 in the charts for five weeks in France in August 1956.

Cordy died on 4 September 2020 from cardiac arrest in Vallauris, France, aged 92.


Amir Fryszer Guttman

Amir Fryszer Guttman (April 25, 1976 – July 23, 2017) was an Israeli singer, musician, choreographer, actor, and theater director. He died from drowning after being swept away in the Mediterranean Sea following his nine-year-old niece, whom he had held above water; his niece survived.

Amir Fryszer Guttman was born as Amir Feiger in Kiryat Haim to a Romanian-born couple. He shortened his original family name to Fei when his parents divorced and added the surname of his maternal grandfather, Guttman, in honor of family members perished in the Holocaust. Fey Guttman began his career as a young journalist and model. After serving in the Israel Defense Forces, he joined an Eilat hotel's entertainment troupe. 

In 1996 he was selected by Hed Arzi Music to join a new boy band called "Hi-Five". Until it was dismantled in 2000, the band released three albums, all of which reached gold status, and an EP, and won the Festigal twice. He released two solo albums during his career: "Mantra" (2000), and "Honey In Beehives" (2007). He wrote and composed several songs for other artists, including Roni Dalumi, Tal Mosseri, Roni Duani, Eliana Tidhar and Tuval Shafir. He also worked as a choreographer and as a producer for Hamsa (musical group), David D'Or, Miri Mesika and as a director/assistant directors for plays such as the Israeli versions of High School Musical and The Jungle Book, amongst others, that featured many stars, including Tuvia Tzafir, Zachi Noy and many others.

Jerry Tarbot

Jerry Tarbot was an American conman who claimed he was an amnesia victim of World War I. On April 10, 1926 The Healdsburg Tribune published on article/photograph on Tarbot calling him the "sliding ghost" of World War I.

In March 1927 Congressman Royal Johnson of South Dakota Chairman of the Veterans Committee claimed what was the real story of "Tarbot":

Princess Superstar

Concetta Kirschner (born February 25, 1971), better known as Princess Superstar, is an American rapper and DJ. She is best known for her hit songs "Baby Babysitter" (2001) and "Perfect" (2005).

She calls her music "flip-flop" which is a mixture of hip hop and electronica. In summer 2014 she had her reality television show "I Love Princess Superstar" on her YouTube account.

Concetta Kirschner was born on February 25, 1971 in Spanish Harlem, New York City, New York to a Jewish father whose parental background is from Russia and Poland, and a Sicilian-American mother who converted to Judaism. Kirschner calls herself a "spiritual Jew".

In 1994, Kirschner made a demo tape called, "Mitch Better Get My Bunny", using her stage name "Princess Superstar". She sent the tape to the labels "College Music Journal" and to the Beastie Boys' Grand Royal Records. Both labels were interested in the song and she went on to sign a contract with Dark Beloved Cloud Records, who released her song "I'm White" on their "Sympathy for Count Pococurante" album.

In 1996, she released her debut album "Strictly Platinum" and was released by 5th Beetle Records.

In 1997 she then found her own record label, which was first called "A Big Rich Major Label" and then changed the name to "Corrupt Conglomerate" and then released her second album "CEO" but when she released the album the label was still called "A Big Rich Major Label".

In 2000, she released her third album "Last of the Great 20th Century Composers" which was released on her label "Corrupt Conglomerate".

In 2001, she released her fourth album "Princess Superstar Is" which was released by Ruthless Records/Studio !K7. One of her biggest songs to date, "Bad Babysitter" reached number eleven on the UK Singles chart.

In 2005, after taking a break, she released her fifth album "My Machine", which was very futuristic sounding, and featured music that was mainly a mixture of hip hop and electronica. One of the songs from the album called "Perfect", was remixed in 2007 and called "Perfect (Exceeder)", which was nominated as nominated for "Best Breaks/Electro Track," but lost to "Love Is Gone" by David Guetta.

In 2013, She released her sixth album "The New Evolution", she created a page on Pledge Music for her fans to purchase the album off of it.





USS Robalo

The USS Robalo (SS-273) was a Gato class submarine of the US Navy in World War II. The submarine went on three patrols.

On the way from Pearl Harbor to the Fremantle submarine base, Western Australia, she had met with enemy ships. On 13 February 1944 her attack was unsuccessful and no enemy ships were damaged or sunk.  She spent 36 of her 57-day mission submerged. When she arrived, Admiral Christie immediately had her commanding officer replaced. The new commanding officer was a son of Admiral Husband Kimmel, who commanded the Pacific Fleet when the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor, and nephew of Admiral Thomas C. Kinkaid.

For her second patrol, "Robalo" went to the South China Sea, with the job of stopping Japanese oil tankers sailing from French Indochina to the fleet anchorage at Tawi Tawi. On 24 April 1944 off Indochina she was bombed by a Japanese antisubmarine aircraft. The "Robalo" had been seen by Japanese aircraft carrier Kaiyō which was escorting convoy Hi-58. In trying to escape the submarine dived quickly down to 350 feet (110 m), but the main entry hatch was not closed properly. The periscopes were damaged and flooded, her radar stopped working. A similar failure to close the main hatch had caused the submarine "Squalus" to sink with the loss of 26 sailors in 1939.

On a "wildly aggressive patrol" lasting 51 days, "Robalo" fired 20 torpedoes in four attacks:


When she returned to Fremantle, Captain "Tex" McLean (commanding Subron 16) and Admiral Christie both considered relieving "Robalo's"commanding officer for his own safety.

"Robalo" departed Fremantle on 22 June 1944 on her third war patrol. She set a course for the South China Sea to conduct her patrol near the Natuna Islands. After leaving Makassar Strait and Balabac Strait (which was known to be mined), she was meant to arrive about 6 July and remain there until dark on 2 August 1944. On 2 July, a contact report stated "Robalo" had sighted a "Fusō"-class battleship, with air cover and two destroyers for escort, just east of Borneo. No other messages were ever received from the submarine and when she did not return from patrol, she was presumed lost.

On 2 August, a note was dropped from the window of a cell of Puerto Princesa Prison Camp on Palawan Island in the Philippines. It was picked up by an American soldier who was on a work detail nearby. The note was in turn given to H. D. Hough, Yeoman Second Class, who was also a prisoner at the camp. On 4 August, he contacted Trinidad Mendosa, wife of guerrilla leader Dr. Mendosa had more information on the survivors. From these sources, it was concluded "Robalo" was sunk on 26 July 1944, off the western coast of Palawan Island. The submarine was sunk by an explosion near her after battery, probably caused by an enemy mine. Only four men swam ashore, and made their way through the jungles northwest of the Puerto Princesa Prison Camp. They were captured by the Japanese Military Police were jailed for guerrilla activities. On 15 August, they were evacuated by a Japanese destroyer and never heard from again. Even though Admiral Christie knew better it was reported for morale reasons that all hands went down with the boat. However, other prisoners on Palawan reported that the boat's skipper Lt. Cdr. Manning Kimmel, son of Admiral Husband Kimmel, was one of the survivors. It is believed that after an air strike on Palawan the Japanese were so angry that they pushed Kimmel and other prisoners into a ditch, poured in gasoline and burned them alive.

"Robalo" was removed from the Naval Vessel Register on 16 September 1944. "Robalo" earned two battle stars for World War II service.

As noted above, most sources credit "Robalo" with sinking a 7,500 tanker but recent research shows the "Robalo" with two confirmed victories in the Pacific War Three sinkings are credited to the submarine USS "Lapon" (SS-260), but the "Lapon's" own history only claims one victory on this date.

West Creek Township, Lake County, Indiana

West Creek Township is one of eleven townships in Lake County, Indiana. When counted at 2020, its population was 7,676 people and it had 3,046 houses.

West Creek Township was founded in 1839. It took its name from the westernmost of the three nearby large streams.

According to the 2020 census, the township has a total area of , of which (or 99.81%) is land and (or 0.19%) is water.

National Super Alliance

The National Super Alliance, known by the abbreviation NASA, is a Kenyan political coalition that was formed in January 2017 by opposition parties. These parties include the Orange Democratic Movement (ODM), Wiper Democratic Movement (Wiper), Forum for the Restoration of Democracy - Kenya (FORD-Kenya), Amani National Congress (ANC), National Rainbow Coalition, Progressive Party of Kenya, CCU, Muungano and other parties.

In the 2017 General Elections the flagbearer of the coalition will be Raila Amollo Odinga and his running mate Kalonzo Musyoka. They'll be seeking to oust incumbent president Uhuru Kenyatta.

Nankai University

Nankai University or NKU (simplified Chinese: 南开大学; traditional Chinese: 南開大學;), is a famous university in Tianjin, China. It was founded by Yan Xiu and Zhang Boling in 1919. The first Premier of the People's Republic of China Zhou Enlai graduated from Nankai University.


Arrondissements of the Loir-et-Cher department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Loir-et-Cher department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Loir-et-Cher are:

Since its creation, the Loir-et-Cher department has had few changes:


Fläsch

Fläsch is a municipality of the district Landquart in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.
Painter Anna Barbara Bansi was a native of the town.


Dobra, Bolesławiec County

Dobra is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Bolesławiec in Bolesławiec County, Lower Silesian Voivodeship in southwestern Poland. It is approximately west of Bolesławiec, and west of the regional capital Wrocław.

Geishouse

Geishouse is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

Dejan Miladinović

Dejan Miladinović, (; 2 December 1948 – 3 August 2017) was a Serbian opera director. He was born in Belgrade, former Yugoslavia. Miladinović has served as Principal Stage Director and two times as Artistic Director of the National Opera of Novi Sad. He has also served as Director and Artistic Councilor for "Grand Opera Projects" with Convention Centre "Sava" in Belgrade.

Miladinović died in Belgrade on 3 August 2017 at the age of 68.


Patsy Ticer

Patricia Smith "Patsy" Ticer (January 6, 1935 – August 7, 2017) was an American politician. She was born in Alexandria, Virginia. She was a member of the Democratic Party. Ticer served on the City Council of Alexandria, Virginia in the 1980s. She then served as Mayor of Alexandria from 1991 to 1996. Ticer served in the Senate of Virginia from 1996 until her retirement in 2011.

Ticer died in a hospital in Alexandria, Virginia from complications from a fall on August 7, 2017 at the age of 82.

Gonzague Saint Bris

Gonzague Saint Bris (16 January 1948 – 8 August 2017) was a French award-winning novelist, biographer and journalist. He won the 2002 Prix Interallié for "Les Vieillards de Brighton". He was the founder of La Forêt des livres, an annual book festival, and the Cabourg Film Festival. He was born in Loches, Indre-et-Loire.

Saint Bris was killed in a car crash on 8 August 2017 in Saint-Hymer, Calvados at the age of 69.

Cluster analysis

Clustering or cluster analysis is a type of data analysis. The analyst groups objects so that objects in the same group (called a cluster) are more similar to each other than to objects in other groups (clusters) in some way. This is a common task in data mining.

Dick MacPherson

Richard Francis "Dick" MacPherson (November 4, 1930 – August 8, 2017) was an American football coach. 

He was born in Old Town, Maine. He served as the head coach at the University of Massachusetts Amherst from 1971 to 1977 and at Syracuse University from 1981 to 1990. 

He had a career college football record of 111–73–5. MacPherson was the head coach of the National Football League's New England Patriots from 1991 to 1992, tallying a mark of 8–24. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 2009.

MacPherson also served as an assistant coach with the Denver Broncos and the Cleveland Browns.

MacPherson died at a hospital in Syracuse, New York on August 8 2017 at the age of 86.

Mercedes-Benz TN

The Mercedes-Benz TN (Transporter Ne, Internally called T1) were vans and minibuses built by Mercedes-Benz from 1977 to 1995. it was available as a box van, a flat bed light truck or a minibus.

In 1986 Bajaj Tempo, (now Force Motors) and Mercedes-Benz (Daimler-Benz) built the Force Motors Traveller and Tempo Traveller for Indian countries.

Arrondissement of Blois

The arrondissement of Blois is an arrondissement of France, in the Loir-et-Cher department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Blois.

When the Loir-et-Cher department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Blois was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Blois is a central "arrondissement" in the Loir-et-Cher department. It is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department, , but it is the one with more people living in it, with 173,125 inhabitants.

It is bordered to the north by the Eure-et-Loir department, to the northeast by the Loiret department, to the east and south by the "arrondissement" of Romorantin-Lanthenay, to the west by the Indre-et-Loire department and to the northwest by the "arrondissement" of Vendôme.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the arrondissement of Blois are:

The "arrondissement" of Blois has 94 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Annie Up

Annie Up is the second studio album by Pistol Annies. The album was released on May 7, 2013 through .

Arrondissement of Vendôme

The arrondissement of Vendôme is an arrondissement of France, in the Loir-et-Cher department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Vendôme.

When the Loir-et-Cher department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Vendôme was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Vendôme is the most northern "arrondissement" in the Loir-et-Cher department. It is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department, , and the one with fewest people living in it, with 70,205 inhabitants.

It is bordered to the north by the Eure-et-Loir department, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Blois, to the south by the Indre-et-Loire department and to the west by the Sarthe department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the arrondissement of Vendôme are:

The "arrondissement" of Vendôme has 105 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Eugenio Martínez

Eugenio Rolando Martínez (alias Musculito, July 8, 1922 – January 30, 2021) was an American real estate agent who was a member of the anti-Castro movement in the early 1960s, and later was one of the five men recruited by G. Gordon Liddy and E. Howard Hunt in 1972 for the Memorial Day weekend Watergate burglary at the Democratic National Committee (DNC) headquarters in Washington, D.C. After completing his prison term, Martinez was pardoned by President Ronald Reagan in 1983.

Martínez died on January 30, 2021 in Minneola, Florida at the age of 98.


Alexander Butterfield

Alexander Porter Butterfield (born April 6, 1926) is a U.S. military officer, public servant, and businessman. He served as the deputy assistant to President Richard Nixon from 1969 to 1973.

Butterfield revealed the existence of the White House taping system on July 13, 1973, during the Watergate scandal investigation, but had no involvement in the scandal. From 1973 to 1975, he served as administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration.

Arrondissement of Romorantin-Lanthenay

The arrondissement of Romorantin-Lanthenay is an arrondissement of France, in the Loir-et-Cher department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Romorantin-Lanthenay.

When the Loir-et-Cher department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Romorantin was part of that original department. In 1961, Romorantin was merged with Lanthenay and the name, of the "commune" and of the "arrondissement", was changed to Romorantin-Lanthenay.

The "arrondissement" of Romorantin-Lanthenay is the most southern "arrondissement" in the Loir-et-Cher department. It is the largest "arrondissement" of the department, , but the second in population, with 90,237 inhabitants.

It is bordered to the north by the Loiret department, to the east by the Cher department, to the south by the Indre-et-Loire department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Blois.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the "arrondissement" of Romorantin-Lanthenay are:

The "arrondissement" of Romorantin-Lanthenay has 77 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Shahid Khaqan Abbasi

Shahid Khaqan Abbasi (Urdu/; born 27 December 1958) is a Pakistani politician who was the Prime Minister of Pakistan, from August 1, 2017 to May 31, 2018. He is a member of the ruling Pakistan Muslim League (N) (PML-N).<ref name="app/30july2017"></ref>

Abbasi served as the Minister for Petroleum and Natural Resources in the third Sharif ministry from 2013 to 2017, and briefly held the cabinet portfolio of Minister for Commerce in the Gillani ministry in 2008.

On 1 August 2017, Abbasi was elected Prime Minister of Pakistan after the resignation of outgoing Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif after Panama Papers case decision.<ref name="thenews/30july2017"></ref>

United States Army trucks

In 1915, the US Army started testing trucks that were made to go off-road to see if they could replace horses and mules. Since then, the Army has built many different kinds of trucks or had private companies build trucks for them.
Army trucks are measured by how many tons (907 kg) each cargo model can carry. The same type of truck can have different bodies. They also measure the number of wheels that are connected to the drive. Off-road trucks have all-wheel drive. Trucks with two axles are called 4x4, trucks with three axles are 6x6, and trucks with four axles are 8x8. Dual tires are counted as one wheel.

Until the 1990s, most Army trucks had the engine in front of the cab. In the US this is called "conventional." In Great Britain, this is called "bonneted." In the 1990s, the Army changed to new types. Most new types can have an armored cab. Medium and large trucks have the cab over the engine ("COE"). The front of the cab looks flat. Most trucks in Great Britain and Europe are COE. A new large-size truck has the cab in front of the engine ("forward control"). There are two axles under the engine. Both axles steer.

The Army uses the same parts in many trucks. They also use different parts in the same truck. A truck engine, transmission, and other parts can be from different companies. Different builders can build the same trucks.

The Army still uses many old trucks. They were built very strong and can be fitted with new engines and transmissions. The Army also uses civilian trucks. Large semi-tractors with three rear axles tow tanks on trailers. Civilian medium and heavy trucks (some with armored cabs) are also used.

The US Marines use many Army trucks but they also have their own types.

The Army used gasoline engines until the 1960s (in Great Britain, gasoline is called "petrol"). In the 1960s, they started switching to diesel engines. Some (multi-fuel vehicles) could use some gasoline or jet fuel mixed in with the diesel fuel. Now, the Army uses the same diesel engines as civilian trucks.

Almost all trucks have water-cooled inline 6 cylinder (I6) engines. Jeeps have inline 4 cylinder (I4) engines. Some -ton trucks have V8 engines. There are a few strange engines.

Almost all old Army trucks had manual transmissions. Now most have automatic transmissions. A transfer case is mounted behind the transmission. It sends power to the front axle. In manual transmission trucks it has a very low gear that can go very slowly on bad ground. Automatic transmission trucks do not need a low gear.
A ladder frame has two rails going front to back with smaller rails connecting the two so that it looks like a ladder. A front solid driving axle is mounted on leaf springs. Tandem (two axles together) axles are mounted differently. They have leaf springs and arms to hold the axles. Some have the spring over the axles. Some have the leaf springs below the axles. A few extra-heavy-duty models use a simple but strong walking beam type.

In 1915, the US Army started testing trucks that were made to go off-road. They wanted to know if trucks could replace horses. Trucks could carry bigger loads and were easier to take care of. A truck can run as long as it has fuel, and a good truck should not break. A horse has to be fed and rested, and can get sick. Tests showed that trucks worked better than horses. The Army started replacing all horses and mules with trucks. One of the testers, Lieutenant Dwight D. Eisenhower, later became the President of the United States and started the Interstate Highway System.

In 1914, World War I started in Europe, and the British began buying American trucks. Trucks like the "Bulldog" Mack were good, but roads in Europe were muddy and bad.

In 1915, the United States Army was chasing Mexican revolutionary Pancho Villa in Texas and Mexico. 4x4 trucks built by the FWD Company and Jeffery Company were tested and passed. They were built for World War I. Each truck was also built by three other companies.

The Army liked to have more than one company building the same trucks because more trucks could be built. If one company had problems, the other companies could keep building the trucks. A standard "Liberty" truck was built by 15 different companies. But most trucks in World War I were made from many small companies and broke down.

In the 1920s, the Army built and tested a few trucks. The truck builders didn't do much. Then, in 1930, the Army built an test group of trucks. The standard fleet come in different sizes. They were strong and reliable, but only test trucks were built. The American truck builders said the Army was taking their business away. The Army had to stop building trucks. It was the Great Depression and the Army had very little money for trucks. Builders starting making test models in 1935. By 1939, more than 20 builders had made and improved test models.
In 1940, the Army wanted all new off-road trucks. They wanted , , , and 5-ton 4x4s. They also wanted , 4, 6, and -ton 6x6s. Trucks were tested and changed. Good trucks were built in large numbers. Some good trucks were built by more than one company. (6-ton trucks were built by 5 companies.) In some sizes, more than one type were built. There were 3 different -ton trucks built. Trucks were named after their builder and model. Sometimes they were named by their size and how many powered wheels they had (-ton 6x6). "M" numbers were used to name the bodies.

During World War II, the US made a large number of trucks and loaned many to other allied countries. In 1945, all truck building ended. With the war over, there were too many trucks for the Army to use. Many were left in the countries where they had been used. Jeeps and "-ton" trucks could be found all over the world. Most were used by armies, but some were sold to civilians.
After World War II, new trucks were planned. Many trucks had worked well, but there were too many types. Companies built their own types. The Army wanted types that anybody could build. They also wanted fewer types. There would be and -ton 4x4s and 2½, 5, and 10-ton 6x6s. These trucks used many of the same parts. All large trucks used the same cab. The fenders and hoods looked the same.

1950 is when the Army began using "M" numbers to namie trucks and bodies. Every truck, with every body, has its own number. (A M35 is a cargo truck and a M36 is the same truck with a longer cargo body.)

These types didn't change much for 25 years. A new Jeep (M151) was used from 1960. The -ton changed to a civilian type -ton size. The larger trucks were fixed up but were still the 1950s types.
In 1980, the Army began using new types of trucks. They began to use letters to name truck types. Most of the trucks can be armored. Dual tires are no longer used on new trucks. On most trucks, the driver or other operator can increase or decrease the amount of air in the tire while the truck is moving. This is called "Central Tire Inflation System" (CTIS).

The smalles truck is the -ton HMMWV ("Hum-V" or "Hummer"). The Army started using Hummers 1983. It is made just for the Army. It is not a changed civilian truck.

The same European trucks are used for and 5-ton sizes. The -ton size has 2 axles (4x4) and the 5-ton size has 3 axles (6x6). Most parts are the same for both.

A new very heavy duty 10-ton 8x8 (4 axles) was built just for the Army. They have many bodies and some can be changed. Many have cranes to load cargo onto the truck.

Operation Sentinelle

Operation Sentinelle is a counter-terrorism mission of the French army. It was put in place in January 2015 after the attacks against the satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo and the supermarket "Hyper Casher".

It was the President of the French Republic, François Hollande, who took the decision to create it and his successor Emmanuel Macron extended it.

All the units of the French army but also of the French Air Force and the French Navy participate in Operation Sentinelle. It results in a massive presence of French soldiers in the streets, public places and public transport, in reinforcement of the police and the gendarmerie.
Their function is to provide surveillance and dissemination of jihadist threats.

Grumman S-2 Tracker

The Grumman S-2 Tracker is an american military aircraft built for operations against soviets submarines of the Cold War. Grumman sold it at various foreign countries like Brazil, Japan, or Turkey.
The Conair Firecat is a water bomber variant built in Canada.

Nord N-3202

The Nord N-3202 is a French military training light aircraft. It was used only by the French Army.

Data collection

Data collection is the task of gathering and measuring data (information) in an orderly or systematic way. Researchers follow a formal plan for data collection to ensure that the information they collect has clear definitions, and is accurate. If you do not have clearly defined, accurate information, decisions you make using that information will not have validity. 

List of Kenyan scientists

This is a list of notable scientists from Kenya.






Wojciech Krzemiński

Wojciech Krzemiński (20 May 1933–5 August 2017) was a Polish astronomer and a retired professor of Nicolaus Copernicus Astronomical Center of Polish Academy of Sciences. He worked many years for the Carnegie Institution for Science Observatories. Krzemiński also discovered the optical companion of X-ray pulsar Centaurus X-3, which was named "Krzemiński's Star" in his honor.

He was also one of the first astronomers who correctly interpreted the nature of polar stars like AM Herculis.

Krzemiński died on 5 August 2017 in Warsaw at the age of 84.

Marián Varga

Marián Varga (January 29, 1947 – August 8, 2017) was a Slovak musician, composer and organ player. He was born in Skalica, Czechoslovakia.

In 1979, he began a solo career. Among other achievements, he became a pioneer of absolute improvisation (real-time composition) in Slovakia. In the meantime he continued to contribute to popular music. His work with Pavol Hammel led to five successful albums and to the first rock musical in Slovakia.

Varga died on August 8, 2017 of heart failure in Bratislava, Slovakia at the age of 70.


Loir

The Loir is a river in central France. It is a left tributary of the Sarthe. It flows through two regions of France: Centre-Val de Loire and Pays de la Loire

The Eure-et-Loir and Loir-et-Cher departments are named after this river.

The Loir is long. Its drainage basin covers .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Durtal, Maine-et-Loire (1961 - 2017).

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Durtal
The Loir starts in the former province of "Perche", in the "commune" of Champrond-en-Gâtine, Eure-et-Loir department, Centre-Val de Loire region. It starts at an altitude of about .

The Loir flows, in general, to the southwest. It goes through the following regions, departments and "communes":


At its end, the Loir flows into the Sarthe river at the place called "Bec du Loir" ("beak of the Cher") in Briollay, Maine-et-Loire department, at of altitude.

The main tributaries of the Loir are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

Vendôme

Vendôme is a "commune" in central French, and is a subprefecture in the Loir-et-Cher department. It is also the capital of the "arrrondissement" of Vendôme and the administrative centre of the Vendôme canton.

Vendôme is one of the main towns along the Loir river. It is the third largest city of the department after Blois and Romorantin-Lanthenay.

The city of Vendôme is along the Loir river. The "commune" has an area of . Its average altitude is ; at the city hall, the altitude is .

The distances from Chinon to other cities are:

The "commune" of Vendôme is surrounded by the "communes":

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Vendôme is an "Oceanic climate" (also known as Marine West Coast Climate) and of the subtype Cfb.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Vendôme is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Vendôme is . The warmest month, on average, is July with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is January, with an average temperature of .

The inhabitants of Vendôme are known, in French, as "Vendômois" (women: "Vendômoises").

With a population of 16,879, Vendôme has a population density of inhabitants/km.
Evolution of the population in Vendôme

Vendôme is a subprefecture of the Loir-et-Cher department, the capital of the "arrondissement" of Vendôme and the administrative centre () of the canton of Vendôme, with 24,663 inhabitants .

It is part of the intercommunality "Territoires Vendômois" ().

Vendôme is twinned with:




Nyanzapithecus alesi

Nyanzapithecus alesi was an ape that lived thirteen million years ago in Africa. A complete skull of an infant was recovered and reported in 2017.
Scientists say it is from around the time when apes originated.

Questacon

Questacon – the National Science and Technology Centre is on the southern shore of Lake Burley Griffin, an artificial lake in Canberra, ACT, Australia. 

It has more than 200 interactive exhibits relating to science and technology. It was designed to expose children to science. It is suitable for visitors of all ages.

Krzysztof Książek

Krzysztof Książek (born 5 August 1992) is a Polish classical pianist. He was born in Krakow, Poland. He is a winner of highest prizes at national and international piano competitions. His nomation is Polityka Passport Award for Classical Music. Since 2005, he has trained with Stefan Wojtas, first at music secondary school, now as a student of the Feliks Nowowiejski Academy of Music in Bydgoszcz. He has won prizes in Polish and international competitions, including the Ricard Vines in Leida, Spain, the Lviv international competitions in Ukraine, the "Città di Avezzano" in Italy (2011, First Prize) and the Polish Frédéric Chopin Piano Competition in Warsaw (2011, Third Prize; 2015, Second Prize ex aequo), XV International Pianist Ricard Vines (Lleida, Spain 2009), The International Chopin Piano Competition (Lviv, Ukraine 2010), VI Concorso Internazionale Pianistico "Citta di Avezzano" (Avezzano). He participated in the 67th International Chopin Festival in Duszniki-Zdrój, the 18th International Festival of Young Winners of Silesian Music Contests, 5th National Promotion Festival "August Talents" He is a scholarship recipient of the "Sapere Auso" Malopolska Foundation, the Prime Minister, the Ministry of Culture and National Heritage, and the Pro Musica Bona Foundation.

On his preliminary round he was admitted as ex-aequo winner of the 2nd Prize on the 2015 Polish National Fryderyk Chopin Piano Competition in Warsaw. He was stopped in the third stage of the XVII International Chopin Piano Competition in 2015. Although Krzysztof Książek was not qualified for the finals of the Chopin Competition, Andrzej Sułek believes that his name may return to the competition in those days.

In November 2016 a CD with Fryderyk Chopin’s Concerto in E minor, Op. 11, performed by Krzysztof Książek with the Santander Orchestra under the baton of José Maria Florêncio was released. In the autumn of this year, Krzysztof Książek's solo album will be released with Fryderyk Chopin’s works.
Krzysztof Książek is represented by the Ludwig van Beethoven Association.


Nocturne in F sharp minor, Opus 48 No. 2

Etude in E minor, Opus 25 No. 5

Etude in F major, Opus 10 No. 8

Scherzo in B minor, Opus 20



Mazurka in A flat major Op. 7 No. 4 

Polonaise in F sharp minor Op. 44

Mazurka in B flat major Op. 7 No. 1

Waltz in A flat major Op. 42

Mazurka in A minor Op. 7 No. 2



Prelude in C sharp minor Op. 45 

Rondo in E flat major Op. 16 

Mazurka in C sharp minor Op. 50 No. 3

Mazurka in G major Op. 50 No. 1

Sonata in B minor Op. 58:

Allego maestoso

Scherzo, Molto vivace

Finale, Presto non tanto


Although Krzysztof Książek was not qualified for the finals of the Chopin Competition, but Andrzej Sułek believes that his name may return to the Chopin Competition in one more time. 

He has one more opportunity to return the XVIII Chopin Competition in 2020.


Rudno, Lesser Poland Voivodeship

Rudno is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Krzeszowice in Kraków County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is approximately southwest of Krzeszowice and west of the regional capital Kraków.

Fendels

Fendels is a municipality in the district Landeck in the Austrian state of Tyrol. It is 13 km south of Landeck on the upper course of the Inn River.

Flerden

Flerden () is a municipality of the district Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Breithorn

The Breithorn is a mountain range of the Pennine Alps with its highest peak of the same name (but also called "Breithorn (Western Summit)"). It is on the border between Switzerland and Italy. It lies on the main chain of the Alps. It is a halfway between the Matterhorn and Monte Rosa and east of the Theodul Pass. The nearest settlements are Zermatt (Valais) and St-Jacques (Aosta Valley).

The Breithorn was first climbed in 1813 by Henry Maynard (climber), Joseph-Marie Couttet, Jean Gras, Jean-Baptiste Erin and Jean-Jacques Erin.


Eastlake, Ohio

Eastlake is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is in Lake County.

Lake County, Ohio

Lake County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 232,603 people lived there. The county seat is Painesville.

Geispitzen

Geispitzen is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Geiswasser

Geiswasser is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

It is 6 km south of Breisach and 25 km southeast of Colmar.

Pizza Delivery (SpongeBob SquarePants)

"Pizza Delivery" is the first part of the 5th episode of "SpongeBob SquarePants". It was first broadcast on Nickelodeon on August 14, 1999. The episode is about SpongeBob and Squidward delivering a pizza in a desert.

The Krusty Krab gets a phone call right before it closes. The person calling makes an order for pizza. Squidward tries to say that the Krusty Krab does not make pizza, but Mr. Krabs quickly makes a pizza out of Krabby Patties. He makes SpongeBob and Squidward deliver the pizza. Squidward tries to make SpongeBob drive a boat (that functions like a car) to get to the person's house. SpongeBob is still in boating school (driver's education), making him nervous and going very far backwards with the boat. The boat stops at a desert when does not have any more gasoline. They must deliver the pizza by walking. SpongeBob sees a truck and tries hitchhiking similar to a pioneer. However, they almost get hit by the truck. They later get stuck in a tornado that puts them far away from the road they walked on. SpongeBob thinks like a pioneer and believes that moss on a rock will get them to other people. Squidward does not believe this and walks away.

SpongeBob and Squidward start to get hungry and tired. Squidward wants to eat the pizza but SpongeBob will not let him. SpongeBob sees a very big rock and wants to drive it similar to pioneers. Squidward tries to tell him that rocks are not vehicles, but he gets hit by SpongeBob driving the rock. SpongeBob and Squidward make it to the customer's house. The customer is happy to get the pizza, but he then gets mad because they did not give him a drink. The customer shouts at SpongeBob and makes him cry. Squidward gets angry and throws the pizza in the customer's face. Squidward says to SpongeBob that the pizza has been delivered. They drive back to the Krusty Krab using the rock.

"Pizza Delivery" was written by Sherm Cohen, Aaron Springer, and Peter Burns. Sean Dempsey was the director of the episode's animation. Cohen was the director of the storyboard and Springer worked on drawing the storyboard. While "SpongeBob SquarePants" was first being made, Stephen Hillenburg wanted to make a storyboard that could be made as an episode and give it to Nickelodeon. He wanted to write an episode about SpongeBob and Squidward going on a road trip similar to the movie "Powwow Highway". The idea of that story was being made, but Hillenburg no longer wanted to make a storyboard for Nickelodeon. These ideas were brought back and used in "Pizza Delivery".

Nancy Basile from About.com said that it is "the perfect episode" to show SpongeBob's big interests in the Krusty Krab and Squidward being annoyed. She says the part of the episode she likes the most is Squidward throwing the pizza in the customer's face. Bill Treadway from DVD Verdict says that it is his "favorite out of all the episodes" because of the episode's comedy. Emily Estep of WeGotThisCovered.com said that the episode has the "nostalgia of being episode five" and liked the episode's look in the relationship of SpongeBob and Squidward. Estep thought that it "set the tone for just how strange the show could be." "Pizza Delivery" was named as the best episode of "SpongeBob SquarePants" by the people on Nick.com in 2009.

Rock Bottom (SpongeBob SquarePants)

"Rock Bottom" is the 2nd part of the 17th episode of "SpongeBob SquarePants". It was first broadcast on Nickelodeon on March 15, 2000. The episode is about SpongeBob getting stuck in a dark city named Rock Bottom. The episode was watched by about 2.1 million people when it was first broadcast. 

SpongeBob and Patrick get on a bus after going to an amusement park. They get on the wrong bus that takes them to a 90 degree cliff. The cliff takes them to a dark city named Rock Bottom where many strange animals live. Patrick gets back on the bus but forgets to bring SpongeBob with. SpongeBob is stuck in the city and tries many times to get on another bus. He goes to a bus station and has to wait in a long line. When he gets to the front, there is only one bus left. He misses that bus and will have to wait the next day for another one. He hears a raspberry sound from far away. He runs back to the cliff to get away from the sound. He learns that a nice anglerfish was making the sound to give him a balloon. The anglerfish puts air in the balloon and ties it to SpongeBob's hand. The balloon takes SpongeBob up and back to Bikini Bottom. He sees Patrick getting on another bus thinking that SpongeBob is still at Rock Bottom.

"Rock Bottom" was written by Paul Tibbitt, Ennio Torresan, and David Fain. Tom Yasumi directed the episode's animation and Tibbitt and Torresan directed the storyboard. Merriwether Williams thought that the episode is one of the best because the story is "so simple". She said "It just stayed with one idea. 'Rock Bottom' was about how he [SpongeBob] keeps missing the bus and how that makes him feel." She said that the story was so small that "you could explore gags (jokes) and opportunities for gags."

The episode was watched by about 2.1 million people when it was first broadcast. Nancy Basile from About.com said that "The raspberries and SpongeBob's increasing frustration make this a hilarious episode." She says that the episode is "relatable" for having "SpongeBob running up against Murphy's law" (which states that anything that can go wrong will go wrong). Emily Estep from WeGotThisCovered.com said that the episode is "mostly a goofy episode" but "also one of the scarier episodes". She thought that the balance of cuteness and horror makes the episode known well. The roller coaster SpongeBob SquarePants Rock Bottom Plunge was made similar to the episode.

Heinz F. Dressel

Heinz Friedrich Dressel (28 September 1929 – 4 August 2017) was a German theologian and writer. He was born in Marktredwitz, Germany. His work focused on human rights and the history of Brazil. He wrote many books about the history of Latin America and views of Christianity. 

Dressel died on 4 August 2017 in Nuremberg, Germany at the age of 87.

Rius

Eduardo Humberto del Río García (June 20, 1934 – August 8, 2017), better known by his pen name Rius, was a Mexican intellectual, political cartoonist and writer. He was born in Zamora, Michoacán. He was a supporter of the Cuban revolution and was a strong critic of Fidel Castro's rule. His best known works were "Cuba for Beginners" and "It's a Pity, Cuba".

Rius died on 8 August 2017 in Cuernavaca, Morelos at the age of 83.


Cuernavaca

Cuernavaca (; "near the woods", ) is the capital and largest city of the state of Morelos in Mexico. It was established by the Olmec, "the mother culture" of Mesoamerica, approximately 3,200 years ago and is designated as the archaeological site of Gualupita I . The city is located south of Mexico City, from which it may be reached after a drive of approximately 1½ hours using the D-95 Freeway.

Giancarlo Giannini

Giancarlo Giannini (; born 1 August 1942) is an Italian actor and voice-over artist. In 1976, he starred in "Seven Beauties", for which he was nominated for the Academy Award for Best Actor. He dubbed Jack Nicholson's voice in the Italian release of both "The Shining" and "Batman"; he is the official Italian dubber of Al Pacino.

In 2009, Giannini received a star on the Italian Walk of Fame in Toronto, Ontario, Canada.

List of municipalities of the Province of Rieti

The following is a list of the 73 "comuni" of the Province of Rieti, Lazio, in Italy.

Patricio Echegaray

Patricio Echegaray (17 October 1946 – 9 August 2017) was an Argentine politician. He was born in San José de Jáchal, Argentina. He served as Secretary General of the Communist Party of Argentina from 1986 until his death in 2017. Before, he served as the 26th Secretary General of the Juvenile Communist Federation from 1980 through 1985.

Echegaray died of pancreatic cancer on 9 August 2017 in Buenos Aires at the age of 70.

Ken Roberts (rugby league)

Kenneth "Ken" Roberts (died 8 August 2017) was an English professional rugby league footballer. He played in the 1950s, 1960s, and 1970s, playing at representative level for Great Britain and Lancashire, and at club level for Swinton, Halifax, Bradford Northern, Rochdale Hornets and Salford.

Roberts was born in Atherton, Lancashire. He died on 8 August 2017.


Janet Seidel

Janet Seidel (28 May 1955 – 8 August 2017) was an Australian singer, pianist and educator. She was born in Cummins, South Australia.

Her albums, recorded with her brother bassist David Seidel, have been nominated for prizes such as the ARIA Music Awards. Her album "Moon of Manakoora" won the Bell Award for Best Australian Jazz Vocal Album in 2006. She was a music teacher at Sydney Girls High School.

Seidel died on 8 August 2017 from ovarian cancer at her home in Sydney, New South Wales at the age of 62.

Ruth Pfau

Sister Dr Ruth Katherina Martha Pfau (9 September 1929 – 10 August 2017) was a German-Pakistani physician and nun of the Society of Daughters of the Heart of Mary. She devoted nearly 50 years of her life to fighting leprosy in Pakistan. She was born in Leipzig, Germany. She founded the Marie Adelaide Leprosy Centre. 

In 2015, Pfau was awarded the Staufer Medal - the highest award of the German state of Baden-Württemberg.

Pfau died at a hospital in Karachi, Pakistan on 10 August 2017 from complications of heart disease at the age of 87.

2016 United States presidential election in West Virginia

The 2016 United States presidential election in West Virginia was held on 8 November 2016. It was part of the 2016 United States presidential election, in which all other states plus the District of Columbia voted.

On 10 May 2016, the state also voted for who they wanted to be the nominee of their respective parties.

Below is a table with the polling results in West Virginia. West Virginia has voted Republican in the general election since 2000.

 Turnout was 57.45%.

The Democratic primary occurred on 10 May 2016.

The Republican primary occurred on 10 May 2016.



Otto Schenk

Otto Schenk (born June 12, 1930) is an Austrian actor, and theater and opera director. He was born in Vienna, Austria. His career began in 1953. Schenk has appeared in over 30 movies (mostly in German). He is known for his lavish, realist, traditionalist stagings at the Metropolitan Opera, most notably his production of Richard Wagner's four-opera epic "Der Ring des Nibelungen". 

Schenk is currently starring in the stage adaptation of Lily Brett's Chuzpe at the Kammerspiele Theatre in Vienna.

Schenk is known for his movie roles in "Always Trouble with the Reverend" (1972) and in "Reigen" (1973). His best known stage role was in "Arabella" (1977).


Jacob Rothschild, 4th Baron Rothschild

Nathaniel Charles Jacob Rothschild, 4th Baron Rothschild (29 April 1936 – 26 February 2024) was a British investment banker and philanthropist of Jewish descent. He was a member of the prominent Rothschild banking family. He was also Honorary President of the Institute for Jewish Policy Research. His net worth was at US $5 billion as of 2015.

Rothschild was a known philanthropist who donated his money to art and culture centers. He was Chairman of Trustees of the National Gallery from 1985 to 1991, and from 1992 to 1998, chairman of the National Heritage Memorial Fund.

Rothschild died in London, England on 26 February 2024, at the age of 87.



2016 United States presidential election in New Mexico

The 2016 United States presidential election in New Mexico was held on 8 November 2016. It was part of the 2016 United States presidential election, in which all other states plus the District of Columbia voted.

On 7 June 2016, the state also voted for who they wanted to be the nominee of their respective parties.

Below is a table with the polling results in New Mexico. New Mexico has voted Democrat in the general election since 2008.

 Turnout was 62.36%.

The Democratic primary occurred on 7 June 2016.

The Republican primary occurred on 7 June 2016.



2016 United States presidential election in Arizona

The 2016 United States presidential election in Arizona was held on 8 November 2016. It was part of the 2016 United States presidential election, in which all other states plus the District of Columbia voted.

On 22 March and 5 April 2016, the state also voted for who they wanted to be the nominee of their respective parties.

Below is a table with the polling results in Arizona. Arizona has voted Republican in the general election since 2000.

 Turnout was 74.17%.

The Democratic primary occurred on 5 April 2016.

The Republican primary occurred on 22 March 2016.



List of largest stars

Below is a list of the largest stars, so far discovered, ordered by radius. The unit of measurement used is the radius of the Sun (695,700 km; 432,287.938 mi).

A few stars are in the Zodiac, and the Moon sometimes passes in front of them. This allows calculating their size by their angular size and distance. This is not very reliable. Most do not, so astronomers calculate their size by their spectral type (which gives their luminosity), distance, and brightness. This is even less reliable.

These objects are extremely big, thousand to millions of times the volume of our Sun, and extremely luminous. These stars also have extended atmospheres and photospheres, and are often shrouded in dust. This makes their true size uncertain. Many of these stars vary in size and brightness (like Betelguese, Antares, Mu Cephei and VY Canis Majoris). Galaxies have different properties that affect how large their stars can be. This is why there are separate lists for galaxies.

These objects are far away, sometimes intergalactic (eg: WOH G64
is in the Large Magellanic Cloud). This makes it even harder to calculate their sizes. Most stars found will not be above 1,500 times the Sun's radius. Their mass would hardly hold together, and a lot of material would be ejected by powerful solar winds, forming the nebulae we see around them.

Astrophysicist Robert F. Wing did an in-depth look on the largest stars, recognising Antares, Betelgeuse, Mu Cephei, and VV Cephei A as well-accepted largest stars, while also looking at other stars known for cool temperatures and high brightness like VY Canis Majoris and NML Cygni. The Stefan–Boltzmann law says these stars would have a large size.

While red supergiants and hypergiants are usually the largest stars, some stars can increase their size for a short time before shrinking again. This process is called an eruption. Some eruptions, like those of Eta Carinae and V838 Monocerotis, made them much larger than the largest stars for a short time. These are listed separately.

Choe Yong-rim

Choe Yong-rim (KCNA: Choe Yong Rim, Korean: 최영림, born 20 November 1930) was the Premier ("naegak ch’ongri", ) of the Democratic People's Republic of Korea (commonly known as North Korea) from June 2010 to April 2013 and Workers' Party of Korea central committee presidium member since September 2010.

Choe has been described by "The New York Times" as a "KWP insider" and a "friend of Kim Jong-Il's family." He is honorary vice-president of the Presidium of the Supreme People's Assembly, the country's parliament.

Klosterneuburg

Klosterneuburg is an Austrian town in the Tulln District in the Industrieviertel region of Lower Austria. It had about 27,000 people in 2016.

Klosterneuburg lies almost entirely south of the Danube River and borders the city of Vienna in the southeast. 

It is well-known for its winegrowing.

Velino

The Velino is a river in central Italy that flows through the Lazio and Umbria regions but flows mainly through the Lazio region. It is the main tributary of the Nera river which is a tributary of the Tiber river.

The Velino river has a length of , and a drainage basin with an area of approximately .

The Velino river starts on the sides of the "Monte Pozzoni" at an elevation of about , in the "comune" of Cittareale, Province of Rieti, Lazio.

The river flows first to the south through the "comuni" of Cittareale and Posta and goes into a narrow valley with the "Monte Terminillo" to the west and the "Monte Giano" to the east; after about , it leaves the valley and gets in the Antrodoco "comune". The river then turns to the west and flow through the "comuni" of Borgo Velino and Castel Sant'Angelo. Then the river gets the water of the "Peschiera Springs".

After getting into the "Piana Reatina" ("Plain of Rieti"), an important valley, the river flows through the city of Rieti. At the end of the plain, the Velino river joins the Nera river and forms the "Cascate delle Marmore" falls.

Only the tributaries coming from the left of the Velino are of some importance; those coming from the right are small streams.

Left tributaries:



Rieti

Rieti is a "comune" and city in the Lazio region, in central Italy. Rieti is the capital of the province of Rieti and of the historical region of Sabina.

The town centre is on top of a small hill, in the southern edge of the plain of Rieti, at the bottom of "Sabine" mountains and of "monti Reatini". The plain was once a large lake, drained by the ancient Romans, and is now the fertile basin of the Velino river.

The "comune" of has an area of , the largest "comune" in the province, and its altitude is above sea level.

Rieti borders with the "comuni" Belmonte in Sabina, Cantalice, Casperia, Cittaducale, Colli sul Velino, Concerviano, Contigliano, Greccio, Longone Sabino, Micigliano, Monte San Giovanni in Sabina, Montenero Sabino, Poggio Bustone, Rivodutri, Roccantica, Torricella in Sabina and two "comuni" of the province Terni in the Umbria regionː Stroncone and Terni.

The following "frazioni" (hamlets) are part of Rietiː Castel San Benedetto, Case San Benedetto, Casette, Castelfranco, Cerchiara, Chiesa nuova, Cupaello, Lisciano, Lugnano, Maglianello, Moggio, Piè di Moggio, Poggio Fidoni, Piani Poggio Fidoni, Poggio Perugino, San Filippo, Piani San Filippo, San Giovanni Reatino, Sant'Elia, Piani Sant'Elia, Setteponti, Vaiano, Vazia.

, there are 47,552 persons (22,679 males and 24,873 females) living in the "comune", for a population density of inhabitants/km².

Rieti is twinned with:



Francisco Núñez Olivera

Francisco Núñez Olivera (13 December 1904 – 29 January 2018), age 113 years, 47 days, for a brief time was recognized as the oldest man in the world. He was born at Extremadura, and joined the army at 19 to fight in the Rif War.

Núñez Olivera had his kidney removed when he was 90 and a cataract operation aged 98, and is a veteran of the Spanish Civil War. He was nicknamed "Marchena" after Pepe Marchena, due to his resemblance to the singer. With the death of Israeli supercentenarian Yisrael Kristal on 11 August 2017, Núñez became the world's oldest living man. He died on 29 January 2018.

What About Us

"What About Us" is a song by American singer-songwriter Pink, taken from her seventh studio album, "Beautiful Trauma". The song was released on August 10, 2017, along with the preorder of "Beautiful Trauma". The song is a dance ballad that speaks of people who are forgotten or left out.

The song reached number one in Australia and Switzerland, while reaching the top twenty around the world. It reached number three in the UK, number six in Canada, and number 13 on the "Billboard" Hot 100 in the US.

It was certified platinum in the US for sales and shipments of one million copies there.

Eberhard von Koerber

Eberhard "Ebbo" von Koerber (11 June 1938 – 3 August 2017) was a German manager. He was a member of the Board of Management of BMW. He was responsible for sales and marketing from 1984 to 1986. Between 1988 and 1998, he was responsible for the activities of Asea Brown Boveri in Europe, the Middle East and Africa as Vice President of the Group Executive in Zurich. From 2007 to 2012, he was co-president of the Club of Rome.

Von Koerber died on 3 August 2017 at the age of 79.


Waldemar Schreckenberger

Waldemar Schreckenberger (12 November 1929 – 4 August 2017) was a German lawyer, professor emeritus, and politician. He was born in Ludwigshafen. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Union of Germany (CDU).

From 1981 to 1982, he served as Minister of Justice of Rhineland-Palatinate and thereafter as Head of the German Chancellery under Chancellor Helmut Kohl.

He died in Heidelberg at the age of 87.

Wolfgang H. Berger

Wolfgang "Wolf" Helmut Berger (5 October 1937 – 6 August 2017) was a German-American oceanographer, geologist, micropaleontologist and emeritus professor at the Scripps Institution of Oceanography, University of California, San Diego. He was born in Erlangen, Germany. His research interests comprise "micropaleontology, marine sedimentation, ocean productivity, carbon cycle, ocean history, climate history, and history of oceanography."

Berger died in San Diego, California on 6 August 2017 at the age of 79.


Abdulhussain Abdulredha

Abdulhussain Abdulredha (15 July 1939 – 11 August 2017), ( ) was a Kuwaiti actor, famous and prominent in the Middle East in particular. Abdulredha is best known for his personality of sarcastic humor that made a mockery of the Arab situation comedy template. He was one of the founders of the Arab theater in 1961 and the National Theatre in 1976, as the year 1984 established a special brigade Theatre Arts.

On 11 August 2017, Abdulredha died in London aged 78.


Chris Hesketh

Chris Hesketh MBE ( – 10 August 2017) from Wigan, was an English professional Rugby League World Cup winning footballer of the 1960s, and 1970s. He played at representative level for Great Britain, England, and Lancashire representative, and at club level for Wigan and Salford. He was born in Wigan, England.


Terele Pávez

Teresa Marta Ruiz Penella (29 July 1939 – 11 August 2017) better known as Terele Pávez was a Spanish actress. She appeared in more than ninety movies since 1954. She was born in Bilbao (Biscay), Spain. She was known for her roles in "The Holy Innocents", "La Celestina" and in "El Bar". She won a Goya Award in 2003.

Pávez died on 11 August 2017 from a stroke at the age of 78.

Ana María Vela Rubio

Ana María Vela Rubio (29 October 1901 – 15 December 2017), was a Spanish supercentenarian. She is the oldest verified Spaniard ever from 6 June 2016, however now Maria Branyas Morera is holding the record for the oldest person to have ever lived in Spain. Vela Rubio was also the third-oldest living person in the world, behind Nabi Tajima and Chiyo Miyako.

Vela Rubio was born 29 October 1901 in Puente Genil, Andalusia. She used to work as a dressmaker. She never married her partner as her parents did not agree to their marrying, but the couple had two children. Her daughter, also named Ana, lives with her.

She became the oldest European since the death of oldest person Emma Morano on 15 April 2017.

She died on 15 December 2017. Vela Rubio was succeeded as the Europe's oldest living person by Giuseppina Projetto-Frau of Italy.

Frank Bacon (actor)

Frank Bacon (January 16, 1864 – November 19, 1922), was an American character actor and playwright. After years of relative low success he achieved great success as he entered the twilight of his career. The 1918 play "Lightnin'", which Bacon co-wrote and starred in, set a Broadway record for the day of 1,291 performances and was still going strong on tour after more than 700 shows when Bacon was forced to bow out due to fatigue.

A week after his retirement, Bacon died of a heart attack in Chicago on November 19, 1922 at the age of 


Adolfo Pérez Esquivel

Adolfo Pérez Esquivel (born November 26, 1931) is an Argentine activist, community organizer, art painter, writer and sculptor. He was the recipient of the 1980 Nobel Peace Prize for his criticism of the Argentina's last civil-military dictatorship (1976-1983). He was detained, tortured, and held without trial for 14 months; during that period he also received, among other distinctions, the Pope John XXIII Peace Memorial.


Flag of Croatia

The Flag of Croatia is three equal size red, white and blue horizontal stripes. In the middle is the coat of arms of Croatia. It was adopted on 21 December 1990.

Christian Kern

Christian Kern (born January 4, 1966 in Vienna) is an Austrian politician of the Social Democratic Party of Austria (SPÖ). He was the leader of the SPÖ from June 25, 2016 to September 25, 2018. He was replaced by Pamela Rendi-Wagner.

Kern was Chancellor of Austria from May 17, 2016 to December 18, 2017. His predecessor was fellow party member Werner Faymann, his successor is Sebastian Kurz (ÖVP). 

After studying journalism and communication at the University of Vienna, he worked as a business journalist and a civil servant. Afterwards he worked at the Verbund AG, the biggest supplier of electricity in Austria. He became chief of the ÖBB, the federal railways of Austria, in 2010.


Bludenz (district)

The Bludenz District () is an administrative district ("Bezirk") of the state of Vorarlberg, Austria.

It has an area of 1,287.63 km². As of 2012 about 61,407 people lived there.

The administrative center of the district is Bludenz.

The district has 29 municipalities, one of them is a town, and two of them are market towns.




Gosheim

Gosheim is a municipality in Tuttlingen in the state of Baden-Württemberg, Germany.


Jestetten

Jestetten is a municipality in Waldshut in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is on the border with Switzerland.


Segun Bucknor

Segun Bucknor (29 March 1946 – 11 August 2017) was a Nigerian journalist and musician active during the 1960s. He was a pianist and guitarist specializing in genres ranging from Soul music to Pop music and to Funk. He was the father of media personality Tosyn Bucknor. He was the bandleader of Segun Bucknor and the Assembly. The group recorded a couple of soul songs such as "Lord Give Me Soul" and "I Will Love You No Matter How".

Bucknor died in Lagos on 11 August 2017 after suffering from multiple strokes at the age of 71. At the time of his death, he was suffering from hypertension and diabetes.


Bobby Ray Inman

Bobby Ray Inman (born April 4, 1931) is a retired United States admiral. He held many important positions in the U.S. Intelligence Community. 

He served as Director of Naval Intelligence from September 1974 to July 1976, then moved to the Defense Intelligence Agency where he served as Vice Director until 1977. He next became the Director of the National Security Agency. Inman held this post until 1981. His last major position was as the Deputy Director of Central Intelligence, a post he held from February 12, 1981 to June 10, 1982.

Inman was announced as President Bill Clinton's choice to replace Les Aspin as Secretary of Defense on December 16, 1993, receiving broad bipartisan support. He accepted the post at first, but withdrew his nomination during a press conference on January 18, 1994.


NoFap

NoFap or fapstinence is a group that tries to stop masturbating and watching porn. The NoFap website was founded in 2011 by Alexander Rhodes. People who try out the programme sometimes call themselves fapstinents, fapstronauts or nofappers. Some people try out the NoFap plan because it makes them feel more confident. Along with "red pillers", "incels", "MGTOWs" and "PUA" it is a part of the manosphere. As of 2023, there is no scientific evidence that nofap is effective 


Flims

Flims is a municipality of the district Imboden in the Swiss canton of Graubünden.


Kurt Liebrecht

Kurt "Kuddel" Liebrecht (born 24 December 1936 in Stendal) is a former East German footballer. He was a midfielder.

Liebrecht played for 1. FC Lok Stendal. He also played for the East Germany national football team.


Gildwiller

Gildwiller is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Goldbach-Altenbach

Goldbach-Altenbach is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Eaton, Ohio

Eaton is a city in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Preble County.

News Radio UK

News Radio UK is a British digital radio station that is owned by Radio NewsHub, Radio Today and Radio Response. News Radio UK features news, weather, traffic, sports, showbiz and business summaries on a continuous loop. In addition to its availability on DAB (in Aldershot, Cambridge, Glasgow, Norwich and Portsmouth), the station's programming is streamed live on the network's website, and through apps for Apple, Android, and Kindle devices; plus on Radioplayer and Tunein.

On 8 September 2016, Radio NewsHub had a plan to launch UK's first rolling news station. Its format would be designed for occasional listens during the day, and covered all the day's most important news every 10 minutes. The contents are produced by three owners, with the traffic information presented from INRIX.

On 10 October 2016, the station was officially launched at 10am on DAB service in Portsmouth first.

News Radio UK maintains a "wheel" schedule, which repeats itself every ten minutes, refreshed continuously between 6am and 11pm London time. Overnights feature a loop of different newscasts broadcast that day. The order of broadcast includes the following:


The presenters are rotated depending on the current time period.

Rivera Department

The Rivera department () is a department of Uruguay. The capital is the city of Rivera.

Its code is UY-RV.

The department and its capital city are named after Fructuoso Rivera (1784–1854), first president of Uruguay.

The Rivera department is in the northern part of the country. It has an area of , the 11th largest in the country. It is the eighth department with more people living in it, with a population of 103,493 inhabitants (2011 census) for a population density of .

There are three chains of low and rounded hills in the department. These chains of are known as "cuchillas" in the country. At the northwest end of the department is the "Cuchilla de Haedo", one of the most important "cuchilla" of the country, coming from the south; it meets the "Cuchilla Negra" that comes from the north. Between these two hill ranges is the "Cerro de los Peludos" hill. Along the borders with Brazil, to the north, runs the "Cuchilla de Santa Ana".

In the middle of the department is the hill "Cerro de la Cruz", while on its eastern end are the hills "Cerro del Hospital" and "Cerro Bonito".


Along the eastern borders of the department with Cerro Largo Department flows the Río Negro river, with its tributaries flowing through the easternmost part of the department.

The western part of its southern border with the Tacuarembó Department is formed by the Tacuarembó river (a tributary of the Río Negro river, with its tributaries flowing through most of the department.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Rivera is a "Humid subtropical climate" and of the subtype Cfa.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Rivera is . The month with the most precipitation on average is October with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is June with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Rivera is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is June, with an average temperature of .

The inhabitants of the Rivera department (and of the city of Rivera) are known, in Spanish, as "Riverenses".
Evolution of the population in Rivera

According to the 2011 census, the Rivera department has a rural population of 7,602.



Flag of the Czech Republic

The national flag of the Czech Republic () has two equal horizontal bands of white (top) and red with a blue isosceles triangle based on the hoist side.

Peter Weibel (cyclist)

Peter Weibel (14 September 1950 – 9 August 2017) was a German cyclist. He was born in Hockenheim, Germany. He competed for West Germany at the 1972 Summer Olympics and the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Weibel died of cancer on 9 August 2017 at the age of 66.

Sales de Llierca

Sales de Llierca is a municipality in the province of Girona in the autonomous community of Catalonia in Spain.

Tolochenaz

Tolochenaz is a municipality in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. It is in the district of Morges.


Gollion

Gollion is a municipality of the district Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Tranqueras

Tranqueras is a city in the Rivera Department of northeastern Uruguay.

Joaíma

Joaíma is a municipality in the northeast of the Brazilian state of Minas Gerais. It is 27 km. Neighboring municipalities are: Felisburgo, Santa Helena de Minas, Fronteira dos Vales, Águas Formosas, Monte Formoso e Novo Oriente de Minas.

Gommersdorf

Gommersdorf is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Non Stop

Non Stop is a French rolling-news television program on BFMTV. Airing in various timeslots throughout the daytime hours and serving as BFMTV's de facto flagship news program, it features national and international news, along with sports, business and weather updates. Initially, it was an image-only show.

"Non Stop" debuted in 2005 (as the channel's launch) and was formatted as a program devoted to hard news. It broadcast weekdays from 9:30am to 6pm, and all weekend (with two half-hour interruptions by Guillaume Vanhems at 7pm and 8pm). Its format only showed news and weather, and did not feature on-air talent in any kind.

In an update of schedule in May 9, 2006, the image-only format was now only featured in weekends, because weekday editions now saw presenters: Guillaume Vanhems (9:30am-1pm), Jean-Alexandre Baril (1-4:30pm) and Stéphanie de Muru (4:30-6pm). The format was also revived: news every 15 minutes, with replay weather every half-hour. Weekend image-only editions were also interrupted longer, now from 6pm to 9pm, presented by Thomas Sotto.

In January 2007, the show's shift was relaunched, now only two presenters: Jean-Alexandre Baril from 9:30am to 2pm, then Stéphanie de Muru from 2pm to 6pm.

In 4 June 2007, Baril's shift no longer ended at 2pm, but at noon instead to make way for "Midi|14H" with Florence Duprat and Thomas Misrachi.

In September 2007, Gilane Barret dropped the image-only block each weekend from 9pm to midnight. 

In February 2008, Stéphanie de Muru lost her Monday and Tuesday afternoon shift of the show, as Gilane Barret joined it and worked on these days. Also, Barret dropped "Non Stop Week-End" completely in the late slot (10pm-midnight), and unveiled an all-new show: "Week-End 360", alongside Stéphanie de Muru. 9-10pm block now featured "Non-Stop Week-End" again.

19 May 2008 brought a wide variety of changes to the show. It saw the introduction of the two-presenter format, and as a result, Diane Gouffrant joined the morning edition from 9am to noon with Baril, and the current "Week-End 360"'s team, Stéphanie de Muru and Gilane Barret, rejoined the show's afternoon edition from 2pm to 5pm. Rachid M'Barki filled in for Barret when he was away.

In September 2008, the show's anchor team was changed completely. The co-host for Jean-Alexandre Baril was now Roselyne Dubois; the former morning team, who became newscasters for midday "Midi Ruth Elklief", run "Non Stop" from 2pm to 3pm; and the former midday team, Florence Duprat and Thomas Misrachi, joined the show's afternoon edition.

Also at this year, the 6pm-midnight block no longer aired "Non Stop". It was now occupied by two "QG de l'info" 6-7pm and 8-9pm with Marc Autheman, then "Week-End 360" 9pm-midnight with Rachid M'Barki and Diane Gouffrant.

In January 2010, afternoon "Non Stop" was pushed back an hour, now running from 2pm to 5pm as a result of the expansion of "Midi Ruth Elklief" and the debut of "BFM Story".

In March 2010, the weekend "Non Stop" no longer just featured the news and weather, but now included various chronicles, like press reviews in the morning daypart.

At the end of April 2010, several presenters exchanged their shift to each other on BFMTV. Ronald Guintrange and Roselyne Dubois was now the show's morning presenters; while afternoon edition was presented by Jean-Alexandre Baril and Florence Duprat.

In summer 2010, the show's afternoon edition went back to its normal broadcasting time: from 3pm to 6pm, as a result of the debut of the new "Midi|15H".

In September 2011, BFMTV shifted "Non Stop" from broadcasting half of the day (without presenters) to multi shows with set hosts and tone. Fabien Combé (from RNC) and Céline Pitelet joined the new "Week-End Première" from 6am to 10am; then "Non Stop Week-End" and "Midi|14H Week-End" with Stéphanie de Muru and Rachid M'Barki from 10am to 2pm; and finally "Non Stop Week-End" with Céline Couratin, Graziella Rodrigues and Jean-Alexandre Baril from 2pm to 6pm. Mathieu Coache replaced Baril on the 3-6pm weekday block of the show.

At the end of August 2012, several main changes of "Non Stop" including: Mathieu Coache (now became BFMTV's Washington correspondent) was replaced by Damien Gourlet as afternoon co-host; as a result, the new morning co-host alongside Florence Duprat was now Gilane Barret. On weekends, Stéphanie de Muru had two more presenters: Frédéric de Lanouvelle and François Gapihan on her "Non Stop Week-End" from 10am to noon (then include "Midi|14H Week-End"), and Sandra Gandoin, who previously served as fill-in for Céline Couratin on afternoon "Non Stop Week-End", now replaced her permanently.

In September 2014, morning "Non Stop Week-End" was extended, as a result of the cancellation of "Midi|14H Week-End". Also, the new weekend afternoon team for the show was Philippe Gaudin and Graziella Rodrigues.

In September 2015, the teams anchoring "Non Stop Week-End" were shifted. While Stéphanie de Muru and Philippe Gaudin presented from 10am to 2pm, Céline Pitelet and Igor Sahiri anchored the 2-6pm block.

In September 2016, "BFM Politique" with Apolline de Malherbe became the first live programme to cut into Sunday's "Non Stop Week-End", from noon to 2pm.

In 2017, four major changes of the show including:

Tibetan spaniel

The Tibetan Spaniel is a breed (type) of small, intelligent dogs. They were first bred more than 2,500 years ago in the Himalayan mountains of Tibet. They share genetic history with many other small dogs from Asia, like the Pekingese, Japanese Chin, Shih Tzu, Lhasa Apso, Tibetan Terrier and Pug. 

Even though they are called a Tibetan Spaniel, this dog is not like a "true" spaniel. Spaniels are gun dogs, for hunting. Tibetan Spaniels are companion dogs, and are not useful for hunting. No one is sure how they got the name "spaniel" if they are not gun dogs, but it may be because Tibetan Spaniels look very similar to the small, "lapdog" versions of the hunting spaniels, such as the Cavalier King Charles Spaniel.

The Tibetan Spaniel has a round head that is small for their size. It has a short muzzle (nose), which is smooth, without wrinkles. The nose is black. The eyes are medium-sized and oval, and are far apart from each other. The Tibetan Spaniel does not have extra skin around the eyes; this helps to tell the difference between the Tibetan Spaniel and its close relative, the Pekingese. The ears hang down either side of the head to cheek level, with furry ends, called "feathered." The neck is covered in a mane of hair. Male Tibetan Spaniels have larger manes. Like their ears, their tails are feathered with fur. Their hair is "double coated," with long, silky hair covering short, soft hair. 

Tibetan Spaniels come in all colours and can be solid, shaded and multi-coloured. Often there are white markings on the feet. Tibetan Spaniels usually weigh between 9lbs and 15lbs, although they are sometimes bigger,

Extremely intelligent, the Tibetan Spaniel is one of the most cat-like dog breeds. They will climb on the sofa, table, dresser, etc., to see what is going on outside. 

Tibetan Spaniels are a social breed that needs to spend a lot of time with people. They do not like to be left alone for long periods of time.
They are protective of their family. Even if they have met many different people, they are typically not very friendly with strangers. If startled or scared, a Tibetan Spaniel will express their distrust with loud alarm barking. 

While they love their families, Tibetan Spaniels are independent. Even though they are intelligent, and good at learning tricks and commands, they do not like to listen to instructions.

The Tibetan Spaniel is a generally healthy dog. This type of dog usually lives between 13 and 16 years. 



University of Saskatchewan

The University of Saskatchewan (U of S) is a Canadian public research university, first started in 1907 and found on the east side of the South Saskatchewan River in Saskatoon, Saskatchewan, Canada. The University of Saskatchewan is the biggest educator in the Canadian province of Saskatchewan. The University of Saskatchewan is one of Canada’s top research universities (based on the number of Canada Research Chairs) and is a member of the U15 Group of Canadian Research Universities (the 15 universities in Canada where the most research is done.)

The university began as an agricultural (farming) college in 1907 and set-up the first Canadian university-based department of extension (teaching people who have already finished school new things, without having to be a full-time student) in 1910. There were set aside for university buildings and for the U of S farm, and farming fields. In total was set aside for the university. The main University campus is situated upon , with another allocated for Innovation Place Research Park. The University of Saskatchewan agriculture college still has access to city land nearby. The University of Saskatchewan's Vaccine and Infectious Disease Organization (VIDO) facility, (2003) develops DNA-enhanced immunization vaccines for both humans and animals.
Ever since it started out as an agricultural college, research has played an important role at the university. Discoveries made at the U of S include sulphate-resistant cement and the cobalt-60 cancer treatment unit. The university teaches more than 200 academic programs.

A location next to the South Saskatchewan River, across from the city centre of Saskatoon, was picked for the campus. David Robertson Brown of Brown & Vallance were the first architects making a campus plan and the first university buildings in Collegiate Gothic style: The Prime Minister of Canada, Sir Wilfrid Laurier, laid the first stone of the first building, the College Building, on July 29, 1910. The first building to be started on the new campus, the College Building, built 1910–1912 opened in 1913; in 2001, it was declared a National Historic Site of Canada.

Brown & Vallance designed the Administration Building (1910–12); Saskatchewan Hall Student Residence (1910–12). Brown & Vallance designed the Engineering Building (1910–12) as well as additions 1913 in 1920 and rebuilt the building after it burned in 1925. Brown & Vallance designed the Barn and Stock Pavilion (1910–12) and Emmanuel College (1910–12). Brown & Vallance built the Faculty Club (1911–12) and rebuilt it after it burned in 1964. Brown & Vallance constructed the President's Residence (1911–13) Qu'Appelle Hall Student Residence (1914–16) Physics Building (1919–21); Chemistry Building (1922–23); St. Andrew's Presbyterian College (1922–23); Memorial Gates (1927–28) and the Field Husbandry Building (1929).

The original buildings were built using local limestone – greystone – which was mined just north of campus. Over the years, this greystone became one of the most recognizable things about the campus. When the local supply of limestone ran out, the University turned to Tyndall stone, which is found in Manitoba. Saskatchewan's Provincial University and Agricultural College were officially opened May 1, 1913 by Hon. Walter Scott.

Tacuarembó Department

The Tacuarembó department () is a department of Uruguay. The capital is the city of Tacuarembó.

Its code is UY-TA.

The department and its capital city are named after "Tacuarembó" river, the main tributary of the Río Negro river.

The first division in departments of Uruguay was in 1816. At that time, the Paysandú Department included all the territory north of the Río Negro, including the actual departments of Artigas, Rivera, Tacuarembó, Salto, Paysandú and Río Negro. On 16 June 1837 a new division of Uruguay was made and this territory was divided in three parts; one of these parts was the Tacuarembó Department that included also the actual department of Rivera, until it was split from it in 1884.

The Tacuarembó department is in the north central part of the country. It has an area of , the largest in the country. It is has a population of 90,053 inhabitants (2011 census) for a population density of .

To the west of the department there is a chains of low and rounded hills in the department, the "Cuchilla de Haedo".

It borders Rivera Department to its north and northeast, the departments of Salto, Paysandú and Río Negro to its west and Durazno and Cerro Largo to the south separated by the Río Negro.

The Río Negro river forms the southern border of the department but the most important river that is completely within the department is the "Tacuarembó" river, the main tributary of Río Negro.

The Köppen climate classification type for the climate at Paso de los Toros, in the southwest of the department, is a "Humid subtropical climate" and of the subtype Cfa.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Paso de los Toros is . The month with the most precipitation on average is January with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is December with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Paso de los Toros is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

The inhabitants of the Tacuarembó department (and of the city of Rivera) are known, in Spanish, as "Tacuaremboenses".
Evolution of the population in Tacuarembó

According to the 2011 census, the Tacuarembó department has a rural population of 9,660.



Stephanie Braganza

Stephanie Braganza is a Canadian pop singer based in Toronto. In 2012, Stephanie won a Toronto Independent Music Awards. In April 2016, Stephanie was nominated for a Marty Awards.

Braganza was born in Kingston, Ontario and moved to Toronto. She graduated from Humber College with a Bachelor of Music degree in 2008 and was featured in the cover story of Humber College's EtCetera publication.

Stephanie is known for pop, Electronic dance music and RnB. She released her first album "Unexpected" in 2010. She co-wrote the entire album with Kolin Stewart. In 2013, She created the anthem "Time To Shine" for SIPO Foundation. Later she released her first single "2 Good 2 Be". In 2014, Stephanie released another single When "We Last Kissed" collaborated with Drega. She was invited to perform at Casino Rama, BLC Artist Cafe Stage, Mississauga Celebration Square and Yonge-Dundas Square.



Lotfi A. Zadeh

Lotfi Aliasker Zadeh (; ; ; February 4, 1921 – September 6, 2017) was an Azerbaijani-born American mathematician, computer scientist, electrical engineer, artificial intelligence researcher and professor emeritus of computer science at the University of California, Berkeley.

Zadeh was born in Baku, Azerbaijan. His parents had the Iranian nationality, and his mother was of Russian-Jewish descent.

The family moved to Iran when he was ten years old. He moved to the United States in 1943-1944.

He studied at the University of Tehran and Columbia University. He is married to Fay Zadeh and they had two children.

He was best known for proposing the fuzzy mathematics relating of those fuzzy related concepts such as fuzzy logic. He was a founding member of Eurasian Academy.

Zadeh died on September 6, 2017 in Berkeley, California at the age of 96.


George Bundy Smith

George Bundy Smith (April 7, 1937 – August 5, 2017) was a lawyer and judge in New York State. While he was a law student at Yale University, he was part of the Freedom Ride from Atlanta, Georgia to Montgomery, Alabama. 

Smith was born in New Orleans, Louisiana. He was raised in Washington, D.C.. He studied at Phillips Academy and at Yale University.

Smith was a judge of the New York City Civil Court from 1975 to 1979 and a justice of the New York State Supreme Court from 1980 to 1986. In 1986, Governor Mario Cuomo appointed Smith to the Appellate Division, First Department, where he served from 1986 to 1992. Smith's best-known opinion for the Court was "People v. LaValle", a 4-to-3 decision holding that New York's death penalty statute was unconstitutional due to the structure of its sentencing procedures.

In 2006, Governor George Pataki was urged to reappoint Smith to another term on the Court of Appeals, although Smith would have served only another 16 months on the Court before mandatory retirement at age 70.

Smith died on August 5, 2017 in Harlem, New York at the age of 80.


Unite the Right rally

The Unite the Right rally was a militant gathering of alt-right, neo-Nazi, white nationalist, and far-right groups in Charlottesville, Virginia, on August 11 and 12, 2017. The participants protested the removal of Confederate monuments and memorials from public spaces, specifically the "Robert Edward Lee" Sculpture in Emancipation Park.

Speakers scheduled to appear included Tim Treadstone, David Duke, Richard Spencer, Mike Enoch, and League of the South founder Michael Hill. Speakers claimed that Jews are ruining the West, and hailed Donald Trump and Adolf Hitler. During the rally, David Duke stated that the rally intended to fulfill the "promises of Donald Trump." 

During the rally, a car plowed into a crowd of counter-protesters, killing one person, Heather Heyer, and injuring at least 24 others. A nearby police helicopter monitoring the response to the rally violence crashed, killing the two troopers on board. One of the troopers took aerial video footage of the car's impact with the crowd, this footage was used to file charges against Fields and then sealed by Prosecutor Platania to prevent the public from viewing it.

Witnesses described the violence as having originated from white nationalists.

President Donald Trump said: "We all must be united & condemn all that hate stands for. There is no place for this kind of violence in America. Let's come together as one!" He added that he condemned "in the strongest possible terms" what he called an "egregious display of hatred, bigotry and violence on many sides. On many sides." Trump added that "What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order."

During the 2020 George Floyd protests, the United States Marine Corps made a rule against showing the Confederate flag at their bases. In the announcement, they said "events like the violence in Charlottesville in 2017 highlight the divisiveness the use of the Confederate battle flag has on our society." 

Jim Jefferies (comedian)

Geoff James Nugent (born 14 February 1977), better known as Jim Jefferies, is an Australian stand-up comedian, actor and writer. He is well known in the United Kingdom and the United States. He also has a number of Netflix specials. In 2017, he began starring in the Comedy Central talk show "The Jim Jefferies Show".

Jefferies was born in February 1977 in Sydney, New South Wales, Australia. His father was a cabinet maker and maintenance worker, his mother was a teacher. He moved to Perth to study musical theatre and classical music at the Western Australian Academy of Performing Arts. James began his career in stand-up comedy several months before completing his degree. He relocated to Sydney and then to the UK.

He has two older brothers: Scott, an investment banker, and Daniel, an inspector in the New South Wales Police Force's Public Order and Riot Squad.

He has a son, Hank, with actress Kate Luyben.


Who You Are (Jessie J album)

Who You Are is the debut studio album by English singer-songwriter Jessie J, released on 28 February 2011 by Lava Records. The album was originally due to be released a month later but due to Jessie J's popularity the album got brought forward. The album was written over a five year period.

"Who You Are" received mainly positive reviews from music critics.

On 6 March 2011, "Who You Are" debuted at number two on the UK Albums Chart, behind Adele's "21". It sold 105,000 copies in its first week. In August 2013 the album was certified quadruple Platinum by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for selling 1,200,000 copies in the United Kingdom.

Alive (Jessie J album)

Alive is the second studio album by English singer-songwriter Jessie J. It was released on 23 September 2013 through Lava Music. Musically, "Alive" is a pop, dance-pop and R&B album that features influences from pop rock, soul and hip hop in its production. For the album's promotion Jessie J had shaved her hair and dyed it blonde.

"Alive" received mainly positive reviews from music critics.

"Alive" debuted and peaked at number three on the UK Albums Chart, selling 39,270 copies in its first week of release. The album then slipped to number seven selling 14,574 copies the following week. Altogether, "Alive" spent a total of 12 weeks inside the top 40 of the chart, and by November 2013 had been certified gold by the British Phonographic Industry (BPI) for shipments of 100,000 copies.


Sweet Talker (Jessie J album)

Sweet Talker is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Jessie J. It was released on 13 October 2014, by Lava Records and Island Records.

"Sweet Talker" received mixed reviews from music critics.


Sample credit

Credits for "Sweet Talker" adapted from Barnes & Noble.

Performance Credits


Technical Credits

Dementor

A dementor is a man-size creature in the Harry Potter books. They are black and hooded. They only lift up their hood for performing "the kiss" in which they suck out the soul. There is one way to make them go away. It's the Patronus Charm. It's very advanced magic. You perform it by saying "Expecto Patronum! " and remembering a very happy memory, a very powerful memory. Harry Potter first saw them in the third book "The prisoner of Azkaban".

Arrondissements of the Loiret department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Loiret department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Loiret are:

Since its creation, the Loiret department has had few changes:


Arrondissement of Orléans

The arrondissement of Orléans is an arrondissement of France, in the Loir-et-Cher department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Orléans.

When the Loiret department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Orléans was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Orléans is in the southwest of the Loiret, where the natural regions of Beauce, Val de Loire and Sologne meet. It is the largest "arrondissement" of the department, and the one with more people living in it, with 435,676 inhabitants.

It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Pithiviers, to the northeast and east by the "arrondissement" of Montargis, to the southeast by the Cher department, to the south and west by the Loir-et-Cher department and to the northwest by the Eure-et-Loir department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the arrondissement of Orléans are:

The "arrondissement" of Orléans has 121 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Montargis

The arrondissement of Montargis is an arrondissement of France, in the Loir-et-Cher department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Montargis.

When the Loiret department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Montargis was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Montargis is the most eastern of the "arrondissements" of the Loiret department. It is the second largest "arrondissement" of the department, and the second in population with 170,781 inhabitants.

It is bordered to the north by the Seine-et-Marne department, to the east by the Yonne department, to the southeast by the Nièvre department, to the south by the Cher department, to the west by the "arrondissement" of Orléans and to the northwest by the "arrondissement" of Pithiviers.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the arrondissement of Montargis are:

The "arrondissement" of Montargis has 126 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Pithiviers

The arrondissement of Pithiviers is an arrondissement of France, in the Loir-et-Cher department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Pithiviers.

When the Loiret department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Pithiviers was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" was eliminated in 1926 but it was made an "arrondissement" again in 1942.

The "arrondissement" of Pithiviers is the most northern of the "arrondissements" of the Loiret department. It is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department, and the one with fewest people living in it, with 63,280 inhabitants.

It is bordered to the north by the Essonne department, to the east by the Seine-et-Marne department, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Montargis, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Orléans and to the west by the Eure-et-Loir department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the arrondissement of Pithiviers are Malesherbes () and, partly, Pithiviers ().

The "arrondissement" of Pithiviers has 79 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Airbus Training Centre Europe

Airbus Training Centre Europe is a training centre of the company which make aircrafts Airbus.
It is in Blagnac, close to Toulouse (France).
The centre trains pilots and engineers on the Airbus aircrafts. It has 6 simulators on all Airbus family.

The school is member of the International Association of Aviation Personnel Schools.
Other training centres are in Hamburg, Miami, Beijing, Singapore, Bangalore, New Delhi and Mexico.


Joseph Bologna

Joseph "Joe" Bologna (December 30, 1934 – August 13, 2017) was an American actor and television writer. He was notable for roles in the comedy movies "My Favorite Year" and "Transylvania 6-5000". From 1996 to 1998, he voice-acted the character Inspector Dan Turpin in several episodes of "".

Bolgona won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series in 1973 for his work on "The Carol Burnett Show".

Bologna was born in Brooklyn, New York. He studied at Brown University. Bologna was married to Renée Taylor from 1965 until his death in 2017. They had one child together. 

Bologna died in at a hospital in Duarte, California on August 13, 2017 from pancreatic cancer at the age of 82.


Renée Taylor

Renée Taylor (née Renée Wexler; March 19, 1933) is an American actress, Academy Award-nominated screenwriter and one-time director. She is best known for having played Fran Drescher's title character's outspoken mother, Sylvia Fine, on the TV series "The Nanny".

Taylor won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Writing for a Variety Series in 1973 for her work on "The Carol Burnett Show".


Gene Sharp

Gene Sharp (January 21, 1928 – January 28, 2018) was an American political scientist, writer and activist. He was the founder of the Albert Einstein Institution, a non-profit organization dedicated to the study of nonviolent action. He was a retired professor of political science at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth. He was known for his writings on nonviolent struggle.

Sharp was born in North Baltimore, Ohio. He studied at Ohio State University and at Oxford University.

Unofficial sources have claimed that Sharp was nominated for the Nobel Peace Prize in 2015, and had been nominated three times, in 2009, 2012 and 2013.

Sharp was widely thought to be the favorite for the 2012 Nobel Peace Prize award. In 2011 he was awarded the El-Hibri Peace Education Prize. In 2012 he was a recipient of the Right Livelihood Award as well as the Distinguished Lifetime Democracy Award.

Sharp died on January 28, 2018 at home in Boston, Massachusetts, exactly 1 week after his 90th birthday.

2017 Jiuzhaigou earthquake

The 2017 Jiuzhaigou earthquake was an earthquake that happened on 8 August 2017, in Zhangzha Town, Jiuzhaigou County, Ngawa Prefecture, Sichuan Province, China. The earthquake was recorded at magnitude 7.0. It killed at least 24 people in the area.

The earthquake started at 21:19:46 China Standard Time (CST, UTC+8) on 8 August 2017 in Zhangzha Town in Jiuzhaigou County (). It had magnitude 7.0. Cities as far away as Lanzhou, Chengdu and Xi'an felt the earthquake. The centre of the earthquake was 39 kilometres from the county seat of Jiuzhaigou County, 66 kilometres from Songpan County, 83 kilometres from Zhouqu County, 90 kilometres from Zoigê County, 105 kilometres from Longnan City, and 285 kilometres from Chengdu City.

Northern Sichuan is in an area where there is a lot of earth movement. In this area, the Tibetan Plateau is next to the Yangtze Plate with great pressure forming faults along the edges. Jiuzhaigou County is in the Min Mountains, a range that was formed where these faults meet. The disastrous 1879 Gansu earthquake had its earthquake centre about 65 kilometres to the east of where the 2017 Jiuzhaigou earthquake happened. The places with lots of mountains to the south of Jiuzhaigou County were the earthquake centre of the 2008 Sichuan earthquake that resulted in tens of thousands of deaths.

The China Earthquake Administration said that the graph showed that the strength of earthquake could be higher than level IX, and the earthquake centre in Zhangzha County could reach level VIII.

After the earthquake, all of the Jiuzhaigou County completely suffered a power failure. The people who saw the situation found that some buildings had fallen in Jiuzhaigou Valley Scenic and Historic Interest Area. The staff of the Jiuzhaigou Valley Scenic and Historic Interest Area told a reporter from Xinhua News Agency that in the fourth ditch of the Jiuzhaigou Valley Scenic and Historic Interest Area a house had fallen down and cracked, and the locals were stepping up to move people out.

The China Earthquake Administration put up a Level I reaction. It later changed to Level II. They sent the army to the earthquake area for rescue. At 21:26 CST (UTC+8), Health and Family Planning Commission of Sichuan Province started an emergency plan. The medical rescue team was going to head to the earthquake area within one hour.
The Red Cross Society of China, Sichuan Branch was on emergency standby (ready to act immediately), preparing for rescue. Early the next day, China's State Council Earthquake food-supply headquarters started national level Ⅱ earthquake emergency response.

At 06:20 CST on 9 August, a Shuajingsi Town (刷经寺镇) militia vehicle had a traffic collision with a Sichuan F (Deyang) coach in Hongyuan County, Ngawa Prefecture. Three people from the coach were injured and were being medically treated.

Until 9 August 2017, there were 40 people seriously injured. Seven of them were moved to other hospitals, four to West China Hospital of Sichuan University, and the rest to Jiuzhaigou County Hospital and Zhongzang Hospital.

The Emergency Management Office of the Ngawa Prefecture, Sichuan Province said that until 13:10 CST on 9 August, the 7.0-magnitude earthquake in Zhangzha Town in Jiuzhaigou County killed 19 people and injured 247 people, including 40 people critically injured. The following day, the deaths rose to 20 with over 400 injured. Deaths and injuries mainly occurred in Zhangzha Town in Jiuzhaigou County.

As of 10 August 2017 10:00 CST (UTC+8), 1741 aftershocks had occurred. That included 30 major ones. Some experts said that the aftershocks might reach a magnitude of 6 after several days. The major aftershocks reported by China Earthquake Networks Center are listed below:

Bruno Canfora

Bruno Canfora (; November 6, 1924 – August 5, 2017) was an Italian composer, conductor, and music arranger. He was born in Milan. He also composed songs for Rita Pavone, Ornella Vanoni, Shirley Bassey, and the Kessler Twins. His best known movie composition works are "The Man Who Wagged His Tail", "Fall of the Mohicans", and in "Destruction Force". He was the Eurovision Song Contest conductor for the 1991 contest.

Canfora died on August 5, 2017 in Piegaro, Italy at the age of 92.

Burton Gilliam

Burton Gilliam (born August 9, 1938) is an American actor. He was born in Dallas, Texas. 

Gilliam appeared in the role of "Floyd", the desk clerk in the movie "Paper Moon". He has also appeared in popular motion pictures such as "Blazing Saddles" and "Back to the Future Part III". He has had roles in several other motion pictures such as "Honeymoon in Vegas", "Thunderbolt and Lightfoot", "Farewell, My Lovely", "Fletch", "Gator", "Telefon", and "The Terror Within II". 

His television appearances include "Alice", "Charlie’s Angels", "The A-Team","The Dukes Of Hazzard", "The Fall Guy", and he appeared as a regular on "Evening Shade".

Gilliam is married to Susan Gilliam. They have two children together. His granddaughter his gymnast Hollie Vise. 


Do It Like a Dude

"Do It like a Dude" is the debut single by English singer-songwriter Jessie J. The song was released as the lead single from her debut album, "Who You Are" (2011). It was released as a download in November 2010 in the United Kingdom with a CD release in January 2011. It peaked at number two on the UK Singles Chart and in Scotland too, number eight in New Zealand and Belgium, and number eleven in Ireland. "Do It like a Dude" was awarded Best Song at the 2011 MOBO Awards.

"Do It like a Dude" was written by Jessie J under her real name of Jessica Cornish, George Astasio, Jason Pebworth, Jon Shave, Kyle Abrahams and Peter Ighile Jessie J had wrote the song originally for Barbadian R&B singer Rihanna because Rihanna's song "Rude Boy" was released at the time that Jessie J began to write it, She played the song to her label, Island Records, before sending it to Rihanna's management. Island then wanted the song to become Jessie's J first single, as they thought it was "amazing". Jessie J has said that she would like to perform the song live with Rihanna as Jessie J thinks that Rihanna "would kill it."

Loing

The Loing is a river in central France. It is a left tributary of the Seine. It flows through three regions of France: Bourgogne-Franche-Comté, Centre-Val de Loire and Île-de-France

The Loing is long. Its drainage basin covers .

Its average yearly discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) is at Épisy, Seine-et-Marne, at about from the mouth of the Loing.

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Épisy 
The Loing starts in "Puisaye", a natural region, in the "commune" of Sainte-Colombe-sur-Loing, in the south of the Yonne department, Bourgogne-Franche-Comté region. It starts at an altitude of about .

The Loing flows, in general, to the northwest. It goes through the following regions, departments and "communes":


At its end, the Loing flows into the Seine river in Saint-Mammès (bordering Veneux-les-Sablons), Seine-et-Marne department, at of altitude.

The Loing river gives its name to the following "communes": Sainte-Colombe-sur-Loing, Dammarie-sur-Loing, Conflans-sur-Loing, Châlette-sur-Loing, Fontenay-sur-Loing, Souppes-sur-Loing, La Madeleine-sur-Loing, Bagneaux-sur-Loing, Grez-sur-Loing, Montigny-sur-Loing et Moret-sur-Loing.

The main tributaries of the Loing are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:
Several painters have painted the Loing river. Some of the paintings are: 

AeronautX Luftfahrtschule

AeronautX Luftfahrtschule is a flight school located in Linz, Austria. It has been created in 1998.
It is well known for its partnership with the airline FlyNikki.

The school is member of the International Association of Aviation Personnel Schools.


Hélène Martini

Hélène Martini (6 August 1924 – 5 August 2017) was a French nightclub owner. He was known for her ownership with the Folies Bergères and known as The Empress of the Night. She was born in Warsaw, Poland to French parents.

Martini died on 5 August 2017 in Paris at the age of 92.

Blanche Blackwell

Blanche Blackwell (9 December 1912 – 8 August 2017) was a Jamaican heiress. She was born in Costa Rica. She was the mother of Chris Blackwell (Founder of Island Records) and inspirational muse to Ian Fleming and Noël Coward. She was believed by some to have been the inspiration for some of Fleming’s most memorable female characters; Pussy Galore and Honeychile Rider.

Blackwell died in London on 8 August 2017 at the age of 104.

Thomas A. Bird

Major Thomas Arthur Bird DSO, MC (11 August 1918 – 9 August 2017) was a British soldier of the Second World War. He was awarded two Military Crosses and the Distinguished Service Order. He later became an architect and worked in collaboration with Richard Tyler restoring country houses.

Bird died on 9 August 2017 at the age of 98.

Aung Shwe

Brigadier General Aung Shwe (; 19 May 1918 – 13 August 2017) was a Burmese politician and a member of General Ne Win's Burma Rifles rising to Brigadier General. He was one of the founders and former Chairman of National League for Democracy who took in charge of the party when Aung San Suu Kyi and Tin Oo were under house arrest in the early 2000s.

He served as Burmese ambassador to Australia, Egypt, France, Spain and New Zealand from 1961 to 1975.

Shwe died on 13 August 2017 at Victoria Hospital in Yangon, Myanmar at the age of 99.

Frank Broyles

John Franklin Broyles (December 26, 1924 – August 14, 2017) was an American football player and coach, athletics administrator, and broadcaster. He served as the head football coach at the University of Missouri in 1957 and at the University of Arkansas from 1958 to 1976. Broyles also was Arkansas' athletic director from 1974 until his retirement on December 31, 2007.

Broyles was born in Decatur, Georgia. He studied at the Georgia Institute of Technology.

As a head football coach, Broyles compiled a record of 149–62–6. His mark of 144–58–5 in 19 seasons is the most wins and the most games of any coach in Arkansas history. With Arkansas, Broyles won seven Southwest Conference titles and his 1964 team was named a national champion by a number of selectors including the Football Writers Association of America. He was inducted into the College Football Hall of Fame in 1983.

Broyles died in Fayetteville, Arkansas on August 14, 2017 of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 92.

Abdelkrim Ghallab

Abdelkrim Ghallab (December 31, 1919 – August 14, 2017) was a Moroccan political journalist, cultural commentator, and novelist. He was born in Fes, Morocco. He was an important figure both in the literary and political field. He studied both at the University of Al-Karaouine in Fez and at the University of Cairo.

Ghallab was the author of five novels and three collections of short stories. His best known novel is "Dafann al-m'd (The buried Past)", 1966. According to Simon Gikandi his Arabic style is known for its "graceful and at times scholarly classicism".

In 2000, the Union of Arab writers in Egypt included his novel "Al-Mu`alîm `Ali" (Master Alí) among the hundred best Arabic novels in history. In 2001, the Moroccan department of Culture published the complete works of Ghallab in five volumes. In 2004 he was awarded the Maghreb Culture prize of Tunis. His work has been translated in many languages.

Ghallab died in El Jadida on August 14, 2017, aged 97.

2017 Ouagadougou attack

18 people were killed and more than 20 were injured when jihadists opened fire on a Turkish restaurant and hotel in Ouagadougou, Burkina Faso on 13 August 2017. The attackers took hostages after being cornered by police and were killed in an ensuing shootout.

Ouagadougou was also the site of a similar attack in 2016.

It is suspected by the government that al-Qaeda Maghreb affiliate was behind the attack.

Tom Petty

Thomas Earl Petty (October 20, 1950 – October 2, 2017) was an American musician, singer-songwriter, voice actor and record producer. He is best known as the lead singer of Tom Petty and the Heartbreakers, but is also known as a member and co-founder of the late 1980s supergroup the Traveling Wilburys (under the pseudonyms of Charlie T. Wilbury, Jr. and Muddy Wilbury), and his early band Mudcrutch.

Some of his popular songs include: "Wildflowers", "Running Kind", "Stop Draggin' My Heart Around", "You Don't Know How It Feels" and "You Wreck Me".

Petty was also known for his voice role as Lucky in the television series "King of the Hill".

In his career, Petty sold more than 80 million records worldwide, making him one of the best-selling music artists of all time. In 2002, Petty was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Petty died on October 2, 2017 after he was found in his home in Santa Monica, California suffering from cardiac arrest after accidentally overdosing on prescription pain medication and fentanyl patches at the age of 66.

Heather Heyer

Heather Heyer (May 29, 1985 - August 12, 2017) was an American paralegal. She became a symbol for civil rights after she was murdered during the 2017 Unite the Right rally in Charlottesville, Virginia.

Heather Heyer was born in Charlottesville. She grew up in Ruckersville, Virginia, north of Charlottesville near Shenandoah National Park. Her mother was Susan Diane Bro of Ruckersville, Virginia. Her father was Mark Heyer of Florida. Her step-father was Kim Bro. Heyer's parents separated when she was five months old.

Heyer graduated from William Monroe High School in Stanardsville, Virginia. After high school, she got a job in a local restaurant, then got more waitressing shifts at another restaurant.

Heyer worked in the bankruptcy department of the Miller Law Group in Charlottesville. She continued to work as a waitress, and went to school at night to improve her knowledge of law.

On the Friday night before the rally, hundreds of white nationalists led by Richard B. Spencer marched on the University of Virginia campus in Charlottesville, Virginia. Heyer's friend was livestreaming the videos on Facebook. She saw white supremacists and neo-Nazis marching with torches and openly giving Nazi salutes. Heather’s friends said that the videos scared Heather. They decided not to go to Saturday’s much larger Unite the Right rally, because they thought it would be even more dangerous. But later that night, Heather texted her friend, "I feel compelled to go, to show solidarity."

On the day of the rally, many people stayed away. Those who came to the rally saw demonstrators with weapons and white nationalists with Nazi and KKK symbols. In the late morning, the local government declared a state of emergency and tried to stop the rally, but no one left. Instead they moved to other streets in the downtown area. The Virginia National Guard came to help the local police, but none of them seemed to know what to do. Some of the white nationalists, including Christopher Cantwell and former KKK grand wizard David Duke, spoke to reporters.

Heather arrived about 1 pm with two colleagues from the law firm wearing a black t-shirt and pants in preparation for her shift as a waitress later that night. They began walking down Water Street. A video shows Heyer stopping to speak to a woman wearing a helmet, apparently asking why she was with a hate group of violent white men. The women did not answer. They continued to Fourth Street, after encountering right-wing demonstrators, some with weapons. There, Heyer, her colleagues and other protesters were run down by a man driving his car through the crowd. Nineteen people were hurt. Heyer was the only fatality.

Police arrested the driver of the car, James Alex Fields Jr. of Ohio. Fields was charged in a state court with second-degree murder, and in a federal court with 30 counts of hate crimes. He was granted an attorney to advise him in a third case, a federal civil suit.

A memorial service was held for Heather Heyer on Wednesday, August 16 at the Paramount Theater in Charlottesville. Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe and US Senator Tim Kaine attended the service. 
Susan Bro spoke to the crowd inside the 1000-seat theater, "They tried to kill my child to shut her up. Well, guess what? You just magnified her." Her mother pointed to the Facebook message that Heyer posted in November: 'If you're not outraged, you're not paying attention.' "I want you to pay attention, find what's wrong ... and say to yourself, what can I do to make a difference?" Bro told the crowd. "And that's how you're going to make my child's death worthwhile. I'd rather have my child, but by golly, if I've got to give her up, we're going to make it count."

Heyer was buried in a secret grave to protect it from neo-Nazis, and to protect the people who work there. Bro says she receives death threats from white supremacists. Some of Heyer's family could not go to her funeral because of the danger.

President Trump tried to call Heyer's mother, but after Trump said there was blame on “many sides”, she refused to take his calls. Bro did not agree with Trump when he said there were "very fine people" on both sides. According to Bro, "You can’t say there were good people coming into town with their fists taped prepared to draw blood and do harm. That’s not good people."

After the rally, the police chief of Charlottesville resigned. The city manager did not get a new contract. In November, Nikuyah Walker was elected to the city council and became the city’s first black female mayor. One year later, Jason Kessler, organizer of the rally, tried to get a permit for an anniversary rally of white supremacists, but he withdrew the request. Instead he decided he wanted a rally in Washington that day. The state of Virginia and the city of Charlottesville declared a state of emergency ahead of the one-year anniversary, so they can increase security and authorize the Virginia National Guard to help.

One of Heyer's friends started a GoFundMe page to help her family after her death. The page raised $109,000 in less than 24 hours. Heather's mother Bro did not know what to do with the money, so she started an organization with Alfred Wilson, the African-American lawyer who hired Heyer at Miller Law Group.

Only fifteen days after her daughter's death, Susan Bro spoke at the 2017 MTV Video Music Awards in Inglewood, California and announced the newly formed Heather Heyer Foundation. "Help me make Heather’s death count,” she said. “I want people to know that Heather never marched alone." The Heather Heyer Foundation provides scholarships to fight against hatred and promote social change, in the areas of study of law, paralegal studies, social work, social justice and education.

So far, the Heather Heyer Foundation has given eight scholarships worth at least $1,000. They worked with the AIDS Healthcare Foundation on several of those.

In December 2017, Fourth Street in Charlottesville, where Heather was killed, was given the name "Heather Heyer Way" to honor Heyer. Heyer's mother and the mayor of Charlottesville spoke at the ceremony.

Detroit rapper Eminem named Heyer in his song "Like Home" from the album "Revival", "If we start from scratch like a scab for scars to heal/And band together for Charlottesville/And for Heather, fallen heroes."

"BlacKkKlansman" (2018), which ends in a montage of the Charlottesville rally, is "in memoriam" of Heyer.




Philadelphia (disambiguation)

Philadelphia is a large city in the United States state of Pennsylvania.

Philadelphia might also mean:

Yuriko, Princess Mikasa

, born on 4 June 1923, is a member of the Imperial House of Japan as the widow of Takahito, Prince Mikasa, the fourth son of Emperor Taishō and Empress Teimei. The Princess is the last surviving paternal aunt of the emperor emeritus, Akihito. She is the oldest member of the Imperial Family, and the only living member who was born in the Taishō period during the reign of her father-in-law.

On 29 March 1941, Yuriko's engagement to her second cousin once removed, Prince Mikasa, was announced. The engagement ceremony was held on 3 October 1941, and the wedding ceremony took place on 22 October 1941. Prince and Princess Mikasa were married for 75 years, until Prince Mikasa's death in October 2016.


Inga Swenson

Inga Swenson (December 29, 1932 – July 23, 2023) was an American actress. She was born in Omaha, Nebraska. 

Swenson was best known for her roles as Gretchen Kraus in the TV sitcom "Benson" and as Ingrid Svenson on the TV sitcom "Soap", which had the same producers. She also appeared as northern matriarch Maude Hazard in the acclaimed mini-series "North and South" in 1985 and again in 1986.

Swenson died of natural causes on July 23, 2023 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 90.

K.I.S.S. (Keep It Sexy &amp; Simple)

K.I.S.S. (abbreviation of Keep It Sexy & Simple) is the sixth studio album by American singer and songwriter Mýa. It is her second album to be released on Manhattan Records. The album was later re-released as a deluxe version with new songs for her American fans on February 14, 2012.

"K.I.S.S." received generally positive reviews from music critics.





Arrondissements of the Eure-et-Loir department

There are 4 arrondissements in the Eure-et-Loir department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Eure-et-Loir are:

Since its creation, the Eure-et-Loir department has had few changes:


Franklin Cleckley

Franklin Dorrah Cleckley (August 1, 1940 – August 14, 2017) was an American lawyer. He was the Arthur B. Hodges Professor of Law at West Virginia University College of Law. He taught at the law school from 1969 to 2013. He held the endowed professorship emeritus. 

Cleckley was born in Huntington, West Virginia. 

Cleckley became the first African-American to serve as a Justice on the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals, when Governor Gaston Caperton appointed him to the position in 1994. Justice Cleckley served on the Court until 1996.

Cleckley died at his home in Morgantown, West Virginia, on August 14, 2017, aged 77.

Jean Carnahan

Jean Anne Carpenter Carnahan (born December 20, 1933, died January 30, 2024) is an American politician and writer. She served as First Lady of Missouri from 1993 to 2000, and as her state's junior U.S. senator from 2001 to 2002. 

A member of the Democratic Party, she was appointed in 2001 to fill the Senate seat of her husband Mel Carnahan, who had been elected but died before taking office, becoming the first woman to represent Missouri in the Senate.


Arrondissement of Chartres

The arrondissement of Chartres is an arrondissement of France, in the Eure-et-Loir department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Chartres.

When the Eure-et-Loir department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Chartres was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Chartres is the most eastern of the "arrondissements" of the Eure-et-Loir department. It is the largest "arrondissement" of the department, and the one with more people living in it, with 207,869 inhabitants.

It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Dreux, to the northeast by the Yvelines department, to the east by the Essonne department, to the southeast by the Loiret department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Châteaudun and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Nogent-le-Rotrou.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the arrondissement of Chartres are:

The "arrondissement" of Chartres has 151 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Châteaudun

The arrondissement of Châteaudun is an arrondissement of France, in the Eure-et-Loir department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Châteaudun.

When the Eure-et-Loir department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Châteaudun was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Châteaudun is the most southern of the "arrondissements" of the Eure-et-Loir department. It has an area of and a population of 59,794 inhabitants.

It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Chartres, to the east by the Loiret department, to the southeast by the Loiret department, to the south by the Loir-et-Cher department and to the west by the "arrondissement" of Nogent-le-Rotrou.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the arrondissement of Châteaudun are:

The "arrondissement" of Châteaudun has 64 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Arrondissement of Dreux

The arrondissement of Dreux is an arrondissement of France, in the Eure-et-Loir department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Dreux.

When the Eure-et-Loir department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Dreux was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Dreux is the most southern of the "arrondissements" of the Eure-et-Loir department. It has an area of and a population of 129,431 inhabitants.

It is bordered to the north by the Eure department, to the east by the Yvelines department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Chartres, to the southwest by the "arrondissement" of Nogent-le-Rotrou and to the west by the Orne department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the arrondissement of Dreux are:


The "arrondissement" of Dreux has 108 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Gunnar Birkerts

Gunnar Birkerts (, January 17, 1925 – August 15, 2017) was a Latvian-American architect. He was born in Riga, Latvia.

For most of his career, Birkerts was based in the metropolitan area of Detroit, Michigan. Some of his designs include the Corning Museum of Glass and the Corning Fire Station in Corning, New York, Marquette Plaza in Minneapolis, Minnesota, the Kemper Museum of Contemporary Art in Kansas City, Missouri, and the U.S. Embassy in Caracas, Venezuela.

In 2014, he designed the National Library of Latvia in Riga, Latvia, aka the Castle of Light, whose architectural form references and draws inspiration from Latvian folklore.

Birkerts died at the age of 92 on August 15, 2017 at his home in Needham, Massachusetts of congestive heart failure.


Stephen Wooldridge

Stephen Brian Wooldridge (17 October 1977 – 14 August 2017) was an Australian racing cyclist, an Olympic and four-time world champion on the track. He was born in Sydney. He was an Australian Institute of Sport scholarship holder.

In 2005, Wooldridge was awarded a Medal of the Order of Australia. He was inducted into the NSW Hall of Champions in 2015.

Wooldridge committed suicide on 14 August 2017 in Sydney at the age of 39.

Arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou

The arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou is an arrondissement of France, in the Eure-et-Loir department of the Centre-Val de Loire region. Its capital is the city of Nogent-le-Rotrou.

When the Eure-et-Loir department was created on 1800, the "arrondissement" of Nogent-le-Rotrou was part of that original department.

On 10 September 1926, the "arrondissement" of Nogent-le-Rotrou was eliminated but in 1943 Nogent-le-Rotrou became again an "arrondissement" of the department.

The "arrondissement" of Nogent-le-Rotrou is the most western of the "arrondissements" of the Eure-et-Loir department. It is the smallest "arrondissement" of the department with an area of and the one with fewest people living in it, with a population of 36,668 inhabitants.

It is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Dreux, to the east by the "arrondissement" of Chartres, to the southeast by the "arrondissement" of Châteaudun, to the south by the Loir-et-Cher department, to the southwest by the Sarthe department and to the west by the Orne department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

The cantons in the arrondissement of Nogent-le-Rotrou are:


The "arrondissement" of Nogent-le-Rotrou has 52 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes)ː
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Time in Ukraine

Ukraine observes Eastern European Time (EET) (UTC+02:00) as standard time and Eastern European Summer Time (EEST) (UTC+03:00) as daylight saving time

Ukraine has observed daylight saving time since 1981 (then part of the Soviet Union) switching to EEST on the last Sunday in March at 03:00 local time, and switching to EET on the last Sunday in October at 04:00 local time.

In 2020, the Verkhovna Rada of Ukraine submitted a draft law dated 09.10.2020 "On the calculation of time in Ukraine", which provides for the rejection of the seasonal transition of time from 2021.

Flond

Flond is a former municipality of the district Surselva in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009 the former municipalities of Flond and Surcuolm merged into the new municipality of Mundaun.

Ftan

Ftan was a municipality of the district of Inn in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Ardez, Ftan, Guarda, Sent and Tarasp merged into the municipality of Scuol.


Southwest Airlines Flight 1248

Southwest Airlines Flight 1248 was a regularly-scheduled passenger flight from Baltimore to Chicago-Midway. On approach, the aircraft skid off the runway and into a street, killing a 6 year old boy in a car. It was the first fatal accident in the company's history.

Norman Fowler, Baron Fowler

Peter Norman Fowler, Baron Fowler, PC (born 2 February 1938) is a British politician. He was a member of Margaret Thatcher's ministry. He was the Lord Speaker from September 2016 until April 2021.

After serving as Shadow Minister of Transport, he was appointed Minister of Transport in 1979, being responsible for making seat belts compulsory. Later, as Secretary of State for Health and Social Services, he drew public attention to the dangers of AIDS. He resigned from the cabinet as Employment Secretary, and was knighted in 1990.

On 25 February 2021, Fowler announced that he would resign as Lord Speaker on 30 April 2021 to focus on campaigning work.


Vera Glagoleva

Vera Vitalievna Glagoleva (31 January 1956 – 16 August 2017) was a Russian actress. She was born in Moscow. She was known for her roles in Christmas movies and romantic comedies. Her best known roles were in "Vyyti zamuzh za kapitana", "Bednaya Sasha", and in "Zhenshchin obizhat ne rekomenduyetsya". Glagoleva was awarded the People's Artist of Russia in 2011.

Glagoleva died in Baden-Baden, Germany on 16 August 2017 of cancer at the age of 61.

Andrzej Blumenfeld

Andrzej Stanisław Blumenfeld (12 August 1951 – 14 August 2017) was a Polish actor and voice dubber. He was born in Zabrze, Poland. His career began in 1973. He was known for Polish-dubbing from American movies. His best known work are "The Pianist", "Delivery Man", and "The Witcher".

Blumenfeld died on 14 August 2017 in Warsaw, Poland of cancer at the age of 66.

Aharon Yadlin

Aharon Yadlin (; 17 April 1926 – 12 August 2022) was an Israeli educator and politician. He was born in Ben Shemen, Mandatory Palestine. In 2010, he was honored with an Israel Prize.

Yadlin studied at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem.

He was a member of the The Alignment after switching from the Labor Party.

He served as Deputy Minister of Education from 1964 through 1972, and as Minister of Education from 1974 through 1977 in the First Rabin Government.

Yadlin died on 12 August 2022 in Hatzerim, Israel at the age of 96.


Eugenio Polgovsky

Eugenio Polgovsky (June 29, 1977 – August 11, 2017) was a Mexican movie director, cinematographer and editor. He was born in Mexico City, Mexico. Polgovsky was known for the Mexican documentaries "Tropic of Cancer" ( Semaine de la Critique 2005) and "Los Herederos" "The Inheritors" (Mostra of Venice, "Orrizontti" 2008 & Berlinale "Generation" 2009).

Polgovsky died in London on August 11, 2017 at the age of 40.


Vern Ehlers

Vernon James "Vern" Ehlers (February 6, 1934 – August 15, 2017) was the former U.S. Representative for , having served from 1993 until 2011. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Ehlers was the first research physicist to be elected to Congress; he was later joined by Rush Holt, Jr. (D-NJ) and Bill Foster (D-IL).

Ehlers served on the Kent County Board of Commissioners from 1975 to 1982. Ehlers served from 1983 to 1985 in the Michigan House of Representatives and then served from 1985 to 1993 in the Michigan Senate.

Ehlers died on August 15, 2017 in Grand Rapids, Michigan of Alzheimer's disease at the age of 83.


Hans Streuli

Hans Streuli (13 July 1892 – 23 May 1970) was a Swiss politician.

He was elected to the Swiss Federal Council representing the Canton of Zürich on 22 December 1953. He served until 31 December 1959 when Willy Spühler took office. He was a member of the Free Democratic Party.

During his time in office he held the Department of Finance and was President of the Confederation in 1957.

Fritz Honegger

Fritz Honegger (25 July 1917 – 4 March 1999) was a Swiss politician.

He was elected to the Swiss Federal Council on 7 December 1977. He served until Rudolf Friedrich took the position on 31 December 1982. He was member of the Free Democratic Party. 

During his time in office he held the Federal Department of Economic Affairs and was President of the Confederation in 1982.

Fuldera

Fuldera is a village and former municipality of the district of Inn in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2009, the former municipalities of Fuldera, Lü, Müstair, Santa Maria Val Müstair, Tschierv and Valchava merged into the municipality of Val Müstair.

Fadwa Soliman

Fadwa Soliman or Fadwa Suleiman (17 May 1970 – 17 August 2017) was a Syrian actress and activist. She was born in Aleppo, Syria. She led a Sunni-majority protest against Bashar al-Assad's government in Homs. She became one of the most recognized faces of the Syrian Civil War.

On 17 August 2017 Soliman died of cancer while in exile in Paris, aged 47.

2017 Barcelona attack

On 17 August 2017, a white van hit pedestrians on La Rambla, Barcelona, leaving fourteen people dead and dozens injured. The two suspects then fled on foot.

At around 17:20 CEST, a white Fiat Talento drove onto the pavement of Barcelona's Las Ramblas, crashing into pedestrians between Plaça Catalunya and Gran Teatre del Liceu.

In the press conference held by the police at 7:00pm local time, the spokesperson confirmed the terrorist nature of the event, a dead person and 32 injured —10 of those in serious condition. Other sources are claiming the fatality count is 13.

Police said two men were arrested in connection with the attack; another was reported killed in a shootout with police. In Ripoll, a man in his 20s was alleged to have rented the van, but told police his ID was stolen. Amaq News Agency said the attackers were "soldiers of the Islamic State" who "carried out the operation in response to calls for targeting coalition states".

An explosion happened the night before the attack in the Catalan town of Alcanar. It flattened a building and killed a woman. The head of the Mossos d'Esquadra Josep Lluís Trapero said it was related to the ramming. Nine hours after the attack, police killed four people in Tarragona said to be planning a terrorist attack in Cambrils.

Grentzingen

Grentzingen is a former commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. On 1 January 2016, it was merged into the new commune of Illtal.

It is 25 km west of Basel and 10 km southeast of Altkirch.

Griesbach-au-Val

Griesbach-au-Val is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Grussenheim

Grussenheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Viaur

The Viaur is a river in southern France, left tributary of the Aveyron river. It flows through the Aveyron, Tarn and Tarn-et-Garonne departments. 

The Viaur river has a length of and a drainage basin with an area of .

Its discharge (volume of water which passes through a section of the river per unit of time) has been observed from 1937 to 2017 in Laguépie, a "commune" of the Tarn-et-Garonne department near the confluence with the Aveyron river. Its average yearly discharge at Laguépie is .

Average monthly discharge (m/s) at Laguépie
The Viaur river starts on the sides of the "Puech del Pal" in the "commune" Vézins-de-Lévézou, in the Aveyron department, at an altitude of .

The Viaur passes through the departments and towns of:

The Viaur river flows through 30 "communes" and two of them have the name of the river: Sainte-Juliette-sur-Viaur and Saint-Just-sur-Viaur, both in the Aveyron department.

Finally, it flows into the Aveyron river in the "commune" of Laguépie, in the Tarn-et-Garonne department, at of altitude.

The main tributaries of the Viaur are:
Left tributaries:
Right tributaries:

M. T. Liggett

Myron Thomas "M. T." Liggett (December 28, 1930 – August 17, 2017) was an American folk sculptor. He was born near Mullinville, Kansas. He exhibited hundreds of his artworks on the roads of Mullinville. 

His works were often made of painted, welded metal and often contained re-used farm implements, such as combine discs. His art is often critical of politicians on the local, state, and federal level. Many of his works are kinetic and move with the wind. 

Liggett's main work was the land along his front fence, on the north side of U.S. Route 400 in Mullinville. He was also a featured artist at the Folk Art Museum in Lucas, Kansas.
He and some of his sculptures appear in the 2009 documentary What's the Matter with Kansas?.

Liggett, suffering from brain cancer, died on August 17, 2017 in Wichita, Kansas of kidney failure at the age of 86.


John Boorman

Sir John Boorman (; born 18 January 1933) is an English filmmaker.

Boorman is best known for his feature movies such as "Point Blank", "Hell in the Pacific", "Leo the Last", "Deliverance", "Zardoz", "Excalibur", "The Emerald Forest", "Hope and Glory", "The General", "The Tailor of Panama", and "Queen and Country". 

Boorman has directed 22 movies and received five Academy Award nominations.

George Edward Glass

George Edward Glass(born in 1960,Oregon) is an American businessman and diplomat. He has been confirmed by the United States Senate as the next United States Ambassador to Portugal. This nomination was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on August 3, 2017. He took office on August 25, 2017.

Glass was the owner of MGG Development LLC in Lake Oswego, Oregon. He founded Pacific Crest Securities in Portland, Oregon in 1990 and served as the company's president until 2014.

He is a trustee for Oregon Health & Science University and a former trustee for the University of Oregon.


Duke Buchan

Richard Duke Buchan III (born July 3, 1963) is an American entrepreneur, financier, farmer, and philanthropist. He is the founder and CEO of Hunter Global Investors, a private investment management firm. Buchan was the United States Ambassador to Spain and Andorra from 2018 until 2020.

Pete Hoekstra

Cornelis Pieter "Pete" Hoekstra (; born October 30, 1953) is an American politician of Dutch descent. He was the United States Ambassador to the Netherlands from November 2017 to January 2021. He is a former member of the United States House of Representatives, representing Michigan's 2nd congressional district from 1993 to 2011. Hoekstra is a member of the Republican Party.

In July 2017, Hoekstra was nominated to be the next United States Ambassador to the Netherlands by President Donald Trump. This nomination was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on November 9, 2017.

He moved to the United States at the age of three, studied political science at Hope College and obtained an MBA at the University of Michigan.

Before entering into politics he was working as a marketing employee in a furniture business.

Hoekstra is a member of the Reformed Church in America.


Jamie McCourt

Jamie D. McCourt (born December 5, 1953) is a businesswoman and investor. She is the founder and CEO of Jamie Enterprises, and the former co-owner and executive of the Los Angeles Dodgers. She became the highest-ranking woman in Major League Baseball, appointed first as Vice Chairman of the Dodgers in 2004, then President in 2005, and finally CEO in 2009. On June 22, 2017, she was nominated as United States Ambassador to Belgium.

On August 2, 2017, President Trump formally withdrew her nomination and instead nominated her as United States Ambassador to France and United States Ambassador to Monaco. This nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on November 2, 2017.

Stephen B. King

Steve King (born July 4, 1941) is an American businessman and Republican Party activist. He is the founder of King Capital LLC, an equity investment and real estate company. He is a former FBI agent.

In 1988, he campaigned unsuccessfully for the Republican U.S. Senate nomination in Wisconsin.

In July 2017, President Donald Trump nominated King to be the next United States Ambassador to the Czech Republic. This nomination was confirmed by the U.S. Senate on October 5, 2017.

Sharon Day

Sharon Day is an American politician. She is the former co-chairwoman of the Republican National Committee.

On August 3, 2017, she was confirmed as the next United States Ambassador to Costa Rica. She was nominated by President Donald Trump. She took office on September 25, 2017.


Kelly Craft

Kelly Dawn Knight Craft (; born February 24, 1962) is an American diplomat. She was the 30th United States Ambassador to the United Nations from September 2019 to January 2021. Before, she was the United States ambassador to Canada, the first woman to hold the post.

In 2007, she was appointed by President George W. Bush as the U.S. delegate to the United Nations, where her focus included U.S. engagement in Africa. Knight-Craft was a delegate to the 2016 Republican National Convention from Kentucky. She is a member of the University of Kentucky's board of directors. She heads Kelly G. Knight LLC, a business advisory firm based in Lexington, Kentucky.

In June 2017, Craft was nominated to serve as United States Ambassador to Canada by President Donald Trump.

On February 22, 2019, President Trump nominated Craft to be the U.S. Ambassador to the United Nations. On July 31, 2019, her nomination was confirmed by a vote of 56–34.

After two divorces, she is now married to a coal entrepreneur. During her first week as Ambassador to Canada she suggested that man-made climate change was just one possible theory.

On September 7, 2022, Craft launched her campaign to become Governor of Kentucky in the 2023 election.

Doug Manchester

Douglas Frederick "Doug" Manchester (born June 3, 1942) is an American businessman and philanthropist. He is the former chairman of Manchester Financial Group, past chairman and publisher of "The San Diego Union-Tribune". In January of 2019 Manchester was nominated by President Donald Trump to become United States Ambassador to the Bahamas. His nomination was withdrawn in November 2019

Manchester has built some of the tallest hotels and office buildings in San Diego, including the San Diego Marriott Marquis & Marina and the Manchester Grand Hyatt, and is credited as a driving force behind the development of the San Diego Convention Center. Manchester also built the triple 5-star Grand Del Mar Resort & Spa, which sold to Fairmont Hotels & Resorts in 2015, and he maintains a minority ownership.

Manchester built the Torrey Executive Centre, Manchester Financial Building, Whitetail Lodge and Golf Club, and is currently building the Fairmont Austin hotel in Austin, Texas.

John R. Bass

John R. Bass (born 1964) is an American diplomat. He is the current United States Ambassador to Afghanistan since December 2017. He served as the United States Ambassador to Turkey from 2014 to 2016. He was United States Ambassador to Georgia from 2009 to 2012.

President Donald Trump named him as his choice to become the United States Ambassador to Afghanistan on July 20, 2017. On September 28, 2017, his nomination was confirmed by the Senate.

Jeffrey Dean Morgan

Jeffrey Dean Morgan (born April 22, 1966) is an American actor. He is known for playing John Winchester on "Supernatural", Denny Duquette on the medical drama "Grey's Anatomy", The Comedian in the 2009 superhero movie "Watchmen", Jason Crouse on "The Good Wife", and Negan on "The Walking Dead". 

Morgan portrays Thomas Wayne in the DC Extended Universe beginning with "" (2016).

Lauren Cohan

Lauren Cohan (born January 7, 1982) is a British American actress and model.

Cohan best known for her role as Maggie Rhee on "The Walking Dead" (2011–present). She is also known for her recurring roles on the television series "Supernatural" (2007–2008), "Chuck" (2011) and "The Vampire Diaries" (2010–2012), and in the comedy movie "" (2006), the psychological thriller "The Boy", and for her role in the DC Extended Universe as character Martha Wayne in "" (2016).

Stanislav Lyubshin

Stanislav Andreyevich Lyubshin (; born 6 April 1933) is a Russian actor, screenwriter and movie director. He was awarded the People's Artist of the RSFSR in 1981. His debut movie was "Shchit i mech" (1968). From 1964 to 1967, he was member of the Taganka Theatre company in Moscow. Since 1981 Lyubshin has been permanent member with the Moscow Art Theatre (MKhAT named after A. Chekhov). 


List of Turkish scientists

This is a list of Turkish scientists.


Eberhard Jäckel

Eberhard Jäckel (June 29, 1929 – August 15, 2017) was a Social Democratic German historian. He was known for his studies of Adolf Hitler's role in German history. Jäckel sees Hitler as being the historical equivalent to the Chernobyl disaster.


List of Romanian social scientists

This is a list of notable Romanian social scientists. 















Gueberschwihr

Gueberschwihr is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Citroën Jumpy

The Citroën Jumpy (Citroën Dispatch in some countries) is a series of vans and passenger vans produced by Citroën in three generations since 1994. It is builded in cooperation with Fiat and Peugeot.

Fiat and Peugeot made the same vehicle but with different names, The names were Fiat Scudo and Peugeot Expert.
Citroën created the first generation Jumpy in June 1994, In 1995 Citroën renamed their model to "'Dispatch'" in some countries. Peugeot created Peugeot Expert in July 1995.

In March 2004, the model was improved at the front and back, It had a new grille, new bonnet, new bumper and different headlamps.

The second generation Citroën Junpy/Dispatch was created in November 2006, The Peugeot Expert was created in January 2007.

In February 2011, the model was improved at the front and back, It had a new grille, new bonnet, new bumper and different headlamps and brakelights.

In July 2013, Toyota made the same vehicle but with a different name, The name was: Toyota ProAce.

The PSA/Fiat joint venture ended in March 2016 which meant Fiat wouldn't be creating any more Fiat Scudos.

The third generation Citroën Junpy/Dispatch, Peugeot Expert and Toyota Proace vans were introduced in 2016. The Opel Vivaro and Fiat Scudo versions were introduced in 2020.

The passenger vans were created in 2016 but they have different names, They are called: Citroën SpaceTourer, Peugeot Traveller, Fiat Ulysse (introduced in 2020), Opel Zafira Life (introduced in 2020) and Toyota Proace Verso.



Sonny Landham

William M. "Sonny" Landham (February 11, 1941 – August 17, 2017) was an American actor, stunt man and politician. He played tracker Billy Sole in the action movie "Predator".

Landham was born in Canton, Georgia. He studied at the University of Georgia.

Landham spent three years in prison after being convicted on federal charges of making threatening phone calls to his wife before the U.S. Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the conviction in May 2001.

In 2003, Landham ran in the Republican Party primary election for the post of Governor of Kentucky. He was unsuccessful in gaining the party's nomination. He ran briefly as an independent candidate, but withdrew on June 18. In January 2004, Landham announced his candidacy for the 27th State Senate District of Kentucky. He lost the election.

On September 19, 2006, Landham was injured in a four-car accident in Ashland, Kentucky.

On June 25, 2008, Landham announced his candidacy for the U.S. Senate seat currently held by Mitch McConnell on the Libertarian line. The same day Landham was accused of calling for genocide against Arabs (whom Landham referred to as "camel dung shovelers," "camel jockeys," and "rag-heads") for his comments on the political radio show "The Weekly Filibuster". hree days later, on June 28, the Kentucky Libertarians voted unanimously to withdraw Landham's nomination, citing his comments were not in keeping with the party's platform and values.

Landham died of congestive heart failure in Lexington, Kentucky on August 17, 2017 at the age of 78.

Abdirahman Jama Barre

Abdirahman Jama Barre (Somali: Cabdiraxmaan Jaamac Barre, Arabic: عبد الرحمن جامع بري‎‎) (1937 – 15 August 2017) was a Somali politician. He twice served as the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Somali Democratic Republic, and later as the Minister of Finance. He was also the 1st Deputy Prime Minister of Somalia. He served all three positions at the same time from 1987 through 1991. 

Barre was born in Luuq, Italian Somaliland. He studied at the University of Padua. Barra died in San Diego, California on 15 August 2017 at the age of 79.

Laurie Brokenshire

Commodore Laurence Phillip Brokenshire CBE, RN (20 October 1952 – 4 August 2017) was a British navy officer and magician. He was born in Plymouth, Devon. He studied at the University of Exeter. His career developed as a submariner and later as a senior Royal Navy officer. He retired as officer in 2003. Laurie was accepted into the Inner Magic Circle, and became an occasional professional / semi-professional magic performer.

Brockenshire died of brain cancer on 4 August 2017 in Stubbington, Hampshire at the age of 64.

Pertti Alaja

Pertti Johannes Alaja (18 February 1952 – 18 August 2017) was a Finnish footballer. He was born in Helsinki, Finland. He played as a goalkeeper. He played for HJK Helsinki, Haka, Oulun Työväen Palloilijat, Ikast, Edmonton Drillers, Malmö FF and for the Finland national football team.

Alaja was elected as the 15th president of the Football Association of Finland on 14 October 2012, replacing Sauli Niinistö.

Alaja died in Espoo, Finland, on 18 August 2017 of cancer at the age of 65.

2017 Turku attack

On 18 August 2017, around 16:00 local time (UTC+3), several people were stabbed in central Turku, Finland. Alarm was first raised at 16:02 and by 16:05 the suspect had been captured. At least two people were killed in the attack.

On 18 August 2017, at 16:02 local time, several people were stabbed at Central Market Square in central Turku, Finland. The attacker, later described by the police as a young male of foreign background, then stabbed several people on his way to Puutori, where he was shot in the leg by the police and arrested at 16:05.

The Turku City Library and Hansa Emporium were evacuated, and the police initially advised people to avoid the city centre area.

The police increased security in Helsinki Airport and Helsinki Central railway station, along with other transport hubs across Finland. 

At 19:00 local time, the police held a press conference where they reported that they were not investigating the incident as a terrorist attack, but the possibility that it was a terrorist attack had not been ruled out.

Sapa'u Ruperake Petaia

Sapa'u Ruperake Petaia (born 11 April 1951) is a Samoan poet and writer.

He is known for writing about the effects of colonialism and Western influences on Samoan culture and society.

Petaia was born in Samoa, and studied at the University of South Pacific in Fiji. A collection of his poems called "Blue Rain" was published in 1980 (among them the poem "Kidnapped"). Another poem called "Patches of the Rainbow" was published in 1992.



Herman Mandui

Herman Mandui (1969 - October 4, 2014) was an archaeologist from Papua New Guinea.

Mandui is regarded as the "godfather" of archaeology in his country. He worked on several archaeological sites, for example in the Western Highlands Province and in the eastern Goilala District.

He was the Chief Archeologist of Papua New Guinea from 2008 until his death in 2014.



Monte dei Paschi di Siena

Banca Monte dei Paschi di Siena (sometimes referred to as BMPS or MPS) is an Italian bank. It is the oldest surviving retail bank in the world. The bank has its headquarters in Siena, Italy.

The company's website says that the bank was founded in the year 1472.

Guebwiller

Guebwiller is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department in Grand Est of eastern France.

It is northwest of Mulhouse at the foot of the Vosges mountains.

The town had a population of about 11,609 people as of 2006.

Guebwiller is twinned with:


List of Romanian natural scientists

This is a list of noted natural scientists from Romania.














Morges

Morges is a city in the Swiss canton of Vaud. It is the capital of the district Morges.


Fazenda Lageado

Fazenda Lageado is a farm museum in the city of Botucatu, in the Brazilian state of São Paulo.

The farm was created in 1870. In the first half of the twentieth century, it was one of the largest coffee producers in the state of São Paulo. Since the 1990s, the place has been called the ""Coffee Museum"".

Varna (Hinduism)

Varna is a social concept from the Brahmin leaders of Hinduism in India

People became divided into four classes depending on their type of work. Brahmins were priests and teachers. Kshatriyas were the warriors. Vaishyas did agriculture, trading and commerce. The shudras were the general working class. A common misconception is that the Vaishyas and Shudras were generally looked down upon, and treated badly by Brahmins and Kshatriyas, which was true for the later part of the Vedic age. But was untrue for the earlier part. This type of social division is called the Varna system in Hinduism.

Girard, Ohio

Girard is a city in Trumbull County, Ohio, United States. The population was 9,603 at the 2020 census. It is part of Mahoning Valley.

Smartism

Smartism is a sect of Hinduism in which, in contrast with Shaivism and Vaishnavism, one may worship multiple gods. It is often referred as a "liberal" sect and is passed along familial ties. It is a very small sect of Hinduism and has more importance on Hindu texts.

Lilly Singh

Lilly Singh (born 26 September 1988) is a Canadian YouTuber, vlogger, comedian, television host, writer and actress. She is mostly known by her YouTube former username IISuperwomanII.

She began her YouTube channel in October 2010. She has gotten over 3 billion total views on YouTube and over 15 million subscribers. She has a second channel, titled "Lilly Singh Vlogs". In 2016, she was reportedly the third most paid YouTuber at $7.5 million. Also in 2016, she got her first movie, titled "A Trip to Unicorn Island". In 2017, she published her first book, titled "". In February 2019, Singh came out as bisexual. In March 2019, it was announced that she would host her own NBC late-night talk show, titled "A Little Late with Lilly Singh".


Pyotr Deynekin

Pyotr Stepanovich Deynekin (14 December 1937 – 19 August 2017) was a Soviet-Russian general. He was born in Morozovsk, Russia. In 1997, he was awarded the Hero of the Russian Federation.

In 1969, he graduated from the USSR Air Force Academy. From 1991 to 1992, he was commander-in-chief of the air force and deputy defense minister of the USSR. In 1992, he served as commander-in-chief of the Air Force of the Commonwealth of Independent States. From 1992 until his death, he was the commanding officer of the Air Force of the Russian Federation. He retired in 2002.

Deynekin died on 19 August 2017 in Moscow at the age of 79.

Alfonso Azpiri

Alfonso Azpiri Mejía (17 January 1947 − August 18, 2017) was a Spanish comic book artist, whose work was mainly of the adult variety. He was born in Madrid. His work has been translated and published in a number of magazines, including "Heavy Metal" and "Penthouse Comix".

Azpiri's best known works were Lorna, a Barbarella-like space adventurer who travels the galaxy accompanied by two droids, the R2D2-like ADL and the C-3PO-like Arnold.

Azpiri died on August 18, 2017 in Madrid at the age of 69 of a heart attack.

Duncan Russell

Duncan Russell (12 March 1958 – 18 August 2017) was an English football manager. He was born in London, England. He was the manager of Conference National side Mansfield Town until 12 May 2011 when they decided not to renew his contract.

Russell died in London of liver cancer on 18 August 2017 at the age of 59.

Janusz Głowacki

Janusz Andrzej Głowacki (13 September 1938 – 19 August 2017) was a Polish-American playwright, essayist and screenwriter. He was born in Poznań, Poland. 

His best known works include "Antigone in New York", "Fortinbras Gets Drunk", "The Fourth Sister", and "Hunting Cockroaches". He has won many awards such as the Guggenheim Fellowship, the Jurzykowski Prize, the Tony Cox Award and the Czesław Miłosz Award.

Głowacki died on 19 August 2017 in New York City, New York at the age of 78.


Sonny Burgess

Albert Austin "Sonny" Burgess (May 28, 1929 – August 18, 2017) was an American rockabilly guitarist and singer. He was born in Newport, Arkansas. He was known for working with fellow country musician D. J. Fontana. He gained popularity in Europe during most of his career. Burgess was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame of Europe in 1999.

Burgess died of complications from a fall in Little Rock, Arkansas on August 18, 2017 at the age of 88.


D. J. Fontana

Dominic Joseph "D. J." Fontana (March 15, 1931 – June 13, 2018) was an American musician. He was born in Shreveport, Louisiana. He was best known as the drummer for Elvis Presley for 14 years. He played on over 460 RCA cuts with Elvis. He also played for The Blue Moon Boys and Sonny Burgess. 

On April 4, 2009, Fontana was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in Cleveland in the sidemen category.

Fontana died on June 13, 2018 in Nashville, Tennessee from complications of a broken hip at the age of 87.


Don Shepherd

Donald John Shepherd (12 August 1927 – 18 August 2017) was a Welsh cricketer. He played for Glamorgan. One of the great county bowlers, he took more first-class wickets, 2,218 at 21.32 each, than any other player who never played Test cricket. He was born in Port Eynon, Glamorgan, Wales. 

Shepherd played regularly to the end of the 1971 season, and then retired from first-class cricket after a few games in 1972. He often appeared as a summariser on BBC Radio Wales coverage of Glamorgan matches.

Shepherd died on 18 August 2017 in Glamorgan, Wales of vascular dementia, aged 90.

Venero Mangano

Venero Frank "Benny Eggs" Mangano (September 7, 1921 – August 18, 2017) was an American criminal. He was the underboss of the Genovese crime family. Since boss Daniel "Danny the Lion" Leo was imprisoned in 2007, Mangano was the family's senior leader outside prison. The nickname "Benny Eggs" came from his mother running an egg farm. He was released from prison on November 2, 2006, after serving a 15-year sentence for extortion.

From 1978 to 1990, four of the five crime families of New York formed a cartel of window replacement companies. The cartel eventually controlled over $150 million in contracts from the New York City Housing Authority (NYCHA).

As a member of the Genovese crime family, Mangano had a notable criminal record;

In 1997, while still in prison, Mangano was called to testify against boss Gigante. He refused to testify, saying, "What do you want to do, shoot me?" and "Shoot me, but I'm not going to answer any questions". He later took the witness stand, but refused to answer any questions, invoking his Fifth Amendment rights.

Mangano died of congestive heart failure in New York City on August 18, 2017 at the age of 95.


Dominick Cirillo

Dominick Vincent "Quiet Dom" Cirillo (born July 4, 1929) (died January 14, 2024) was an American gangster. He is a high-ranking member of the Genovese crime family, who briefly served as acting boss for the imprisoned Boss Vincent "Chin" Gigante. He was born in Harlem, New York. 

Cirillo represented the Genoveses in their dealings with the other Mafia families of New York City after Gigante was jailed, though Gigante remained in overall charge of the family. In this way, Cirillo served as "acting boss", and was seen by US authorities as the most powerful member of the Genovese family. However, in 1998 Cirillo stepped down as acting boss because of a heart attack.

On August 22, 2008, the 79-year-old Cirillo was released from federal prison after serving more than three years.

Roger Pinto Molina

Roger Pinto Molina (23 April 1960 – 16 August 2017) was a Bolivian right-wing politician. Pinto was born in Santa Rosa, Beni. He was elected to the Chamber of Deputies in 1997, from the single-member constituency 67 in Pando (covering areas in the provinces Nicolás Suárez, Manuripi and General Federico Román) as a Nationalist Democratic Action (ADN) candidate.

In 2005, Pinto was elected to the Senate as a Podemos candidate from Pando. He served as the head of the Podemos faction in the Senate. He was reelected to the Senate in 2009, as a candidate of Plan Progress for Bolivia – National Convergence.

Pinto was accused of involvement in the September 11, 2008 massacre in Porvenir. Until his death, he sought refuge in the Brazilian Embassy in La Paz. He was granted asylum in Brazil but was not given safe conduct by Evo Morales Government to leave Bolivia.

Molina was killed in a plane crash on 16 August 2017 in Brazil at the age of 58.

Lucien N. Nedzi

Lucien Norbert Nedzi (born May 28, 1925) is a Democratic Party member of the United States House of Representatives from the State of Michigan. 

Nedzi was born in Hamtramck, Michigan. He studied at the University of Detroit and at the University of Michigan.

Nedzi was elected as a Democrat from Michigan's 1st congressional district to the 87th United States Congress in a special election in 1961 to fill the vacancy caused by the resignation of United States Representative Thaddeus M. Machrowicz. He was re-elected in the 1962 election and two years later he was elected from the 14th district and every two years after that until he declined to seek re-election in the 1980 election. In all, he served from November 7, 1961 to January 3, 1981.

Nedzi chaired the House Select Committee on Intelligence, known as the Nedzi Committee, from February 1975 until he controversially resigned in June; the successor was the Pike Committee. In addition, Nedzi chaired the Joint Committee on the Library from 1973 to 1979 and the Committee on House Administration from 1979 to 1981.

Weston E. Vivian

Weston "Wes" Edward Vivian (October 25, 1924 – December 4, 2020) was a Canadian-born American politician and retired engineer. He served as a member of the United States House of Representatives for Michigan's 2nd congressional district from January 3, 1965 through January 3, 1967. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

Vivian was born in Newfoundland, Canada. He studied at Union College, at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and at University of Michigan at Ann Arbor. Vivian died on December 4, 2020 in Ann Arbor at the age of 96.


Philip Ruppe

Philip Edward Ruppe (born September 29, 1926) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. He served in the U.S. House of Representatives from 1967 to 1979 before running, unsuccessfully for the United States Senate in 1982. 

He is a Korean War veteran, having served as a lieutenant in the U.S. Navy. After leaving the U.S. House, Ruppe became active in business before running for election, without success, to the 103rd Congress.


Dale Kildee

Dale Edward Kildee (September 16, 1929 – October 13, 2021) was an American politician. He was a U.S. Representative from Michigan, serving from 1977 until 2013. He was a member of the Democratic Party. 

His district included Flint, Saginaw and Bay City. In July 2011, Kildee announced he would retire after his current term was up in 2012.

In November, 2011, Patrick Kildee, a second cousin of the congressman, accused Kildee of sexually abusing him more than 50 years ago when he was 12 years old. In response Kildee called the allegation untrue.

Kildee died on October 13, 2021 in Flint, Michigan at the age of 92.


Colin Meads

Sir Colin Earl Meads (3 June 1936 – 20 August 2017) was a New Zealand rugby union player, coach and manager. He was born in Cambridge, New Zealand. He played 55 test matches (133 total games), most frequently in the lock forward position, for New Zealand's national team, the All Blacks, from 1957 until 1971.

Meads was widely considered one of the greatest players in history. Nicknamed 'Pinetree', he was an icon within New Zealand rugby, and was named the country's Player of the Century at the NZRFU Awards in 1999.

Meads died on 20 August 2017 in Te Kuiti, New Zealand of pancreatic cancer at the age of 81.


Sirkka Selja

Sirkka Selja (20 March 1920 – 17 August 2017) was a Finnish poet and writer. She was born in Koski Hl, nowadays Hollola, Finland. Her real name was Sirkka-Liisa Tulonen.

Her first book was published in 1942 titled "Still I Live". In addition to poems, his production includes a play and two listening works. Selja was awarded with the State Literature Prize of Finland in 1958, the Pro Finlandia in 1970, the Aleksis Kivi Prize in 1987 and the P. Mustapää Prize in 2007.

Selja died on 17 August 2017 of pneumonia in Hollola, Finland at the age of 97.

Five Star Movement

The Five Star Movement (M5S; Italian: "Movimento 5 Stelle") is an Italian political party. The leader is Giuseppe Conte.

The party was formed by Beppe Grillo and Gianroberto Casaleggio in October 2009. Beppe Grillo served as leader of the party from 2009 to 2017. In September 2017, Luigi Di Maio became leader of the party.

After the 2018 elections, the Five Star Movement became the largest party in the Italian Parliament. Also, the party formed a coalition with the right-wing Lega Nord.

After the break of the Conte I Cabinet, the party formed a coalition in the next Cabinet with the Democratic Party.

From 2014, the party has was a member of the Eurosceptic Europe of Freedom and Direct Democracy (EFDD) group in the European Parliament. However, in 2017 party members of the Five Star Movement voted to leave the EFDD.

Optare Alero

The Optare Alero was a low-floor minibus that was built by Optare between 2001 and 2008. 
Around 300 were built in the first five years of being built. Most Aleros were used for rural routes.

Nati Mistral

Natividad Macho Álvarez (13 December 1928 – 20 August 2017) was a Spanish movie and stage actress better known by the stage name Nati Mistral. She was born in Madrid, Spain. 

Mistral was known for her movie roles in "The Captain's Ship" (1947), "Gold and Ivory" (1947), "Currito of the Cross" (1949), "Service at Sea" (1951), "Cabaret" (1953), "Lovers of Toledo" (1953), "My Street" (1960), and in "Mis tres amores" (1971). She won the National Theater Prize in 1997.

Mistral died of complications from a stroke in Madrid on 20 August 2017 at the age of 88.

Bou Regreg

The Bou Regreg () is a river in western Morocco. It flows into the Atlantic Ocean between the cities of Rabat and Salé. The mouth of this river is called Wadi Sala.

The river is 240 kilometres long, with a tidal estuary going approximately 24 kilometres upriver. Its average discharge is 23 m/s and can reach 1500 m/s during floods. The source of the river is the Middle Atlas mountains at an altitude of 1627 meters on the level of Jbel Mtourzgane (Province of Khemisset) and of Grou (Province of Khénifra).

Water quality issues of the Bou Regreg include tidal saltwater intrusion, excessive runoff of nitrates from agricultural land uses and mercury contamination from use of some pesticides in the drainage basin.

The Phoenicians and the Carthaginians, who founded several colonies in Morocco, inhabited the banks of the Bou Regreg approximately two kilometers from its mouth at the ancient site of Chellah. This archaeological site contains the ruins of a Roman town known as Sala Colonia and referred to as Sala by Ptolemy. Chellah was a significant ancient port city with remains including the Decumanus Maximus, or principal roadway, as well as a forum, a monumental fountain, a triumphal arch, and other Roman ruins.

Vicente Sota

Vicente Sota Barros (28 April 1924 – 16 August 2017) was a Chilean politician. He was born in Talca, Chile. He was a member of the Christian Democratic Party until switching as a member of the Party for Democracy from 1987 until his death in 2017.

Sota served as Deputy President of the Chamber of Deputies from 1965 through 1969 and again from 1990 through 1998. He served as President of the Chamber of Deputies from 1994 through 1995.

Sota died on 16 August 2017 in Santiago de Chile at the age of 93.


List of paintings by Edvard Munch

This is a list of paintings by Edvard Munch. Munch was a Norwegian symbolist painter and printmaker. He is best known for "The Scream". This list is from Gerd Woll's catalogue raisonné from 2008.

Princess Lalla Salma of Morocco

Princess Lalla Salma born Salma Bennani; (, Amazigh: ⵍⴰⵍⵍⴰ ⵙⵍⵎⴰ;10 May 1978, Fes) is the princess consort of Morocco. She is the wife of King Mohammed VI and the first wife of a Moroccan ruler to have been publicly acknowledged and given a royal title.

List of rulers of Morocco

This is the list of rulers of Morocco, since the establishment of the first Moroccan state in 789. The common and formal titles of these rulers has varied, depending on the time period. Since 1957, the title King has been used.


The first period of Fatimid overlordship lasted from 922 to 925.


The second period of Fatimid overlordship lasted from 927 to 937.


In 974, the Sultan Al-Hasan ben Kannun was defeated by Cordobese Umayyads. A period of Umayyad overlordship followed then.

Almohad uprising started in 1145

Marinid overlordship, from 1248 until the fall of the Almohads in 1269





1603–1627: Succession war
Main Saadian rulers, based in Marrakesh:

Splinter faction based in Fes, with only local power:

1627–1659: Reunified rule


1666–1957: Alaouite sultans of Morocco
1957–Present: Alaouite kings of Morocco

Coat of arms of Morocco

The current coat of arms of Morocco (formally, the royal coat of arms) was introduced 14 August 1957. It was developed by the graphic artists Gauthier and Hainaut and shows a green pentagram, specifically a two-dimensional Penrose pentacle on a red background before the Atlas Mountains and a rising sun. The royal crown is on top. Two lions function as the holders of the shield. On the ribbon underneath, the Arabic inscription is written: () ("If you glorify God, He will glorify you") (Quran, Verse 7, Sura 47).

Moulay Hassan, Crown Prince of Morocco

Prince Moulay Hassan (born 8 May 2003) is the heir apparent to the Moroccan throne. He is the oldest child of King Mohammed VI of Morocco and his wife Princess Lalla Salma of Morocco. He has a younger sister, Princess Lalla Khadija. He is named after his grandfather Hassan II; who ascends the throne, he is expected to reign as Hassan III.

In 2013 Hassan began appearing in public with his father at official engagements.

Title 

8 May 2003 His Royal Highness The Crown Prince of Morocco 


Princess Lalla Khadija of Morocco

Princess Lalla Khadija of Morocco (born 28 February 2007) is the second child of Mohammed VI of Morocco and his wife, Princess Lalla Salma. Lalla Khadija's elder brother is Moulay Hassan, Crown Prince of Morocco.

In honour of her birth, the king granted a royal pardon to thousands of prison inmates. Khadija visited Tunisia with her mother Lalla Salma in June 2009.

Title

28 February 2007 Her Royal Highness Princess Lalla Khadija of Morocco 

Lalla (title)

Lalla () (literally, "lady") is a (tamazight) Amazigh title of respect. The title is a prefix to her given name or personal name, and is used by females usually of noble or royal background. It may also be used to address older women out of respect. Any woman believed to be descended from Muhammad has the title of Lalla. Likewise, any man who is believed to be descended from Muhammad has the title of Sidi or Moulay (Moulay being a higher honorific).

Princess Lalla Meryem of Morocco

Princess Lalla Meryem of Morocco (, born 26 August 1962 in Rome, Italy) is the first daughter and eldest child of the late King Hassan II of Morocco and his second wife, Lalla Latifa Hammou.

After she obtained her Baccalaureat in 1981, Princess Lalla Meryem was appointed by her father as the President of Social Works of the Royal Army Forces.

On 15 September 1984, she married Fuad Filali (born 1957), the son of former Prime Minister and Foreign Affairs Minister Abdellatif Filali. They had two children: a daughter and a son:

Lalla Meryem divorced from Fuad Filali in 1999.

Princess Meryem has two brothers King Mohammed VI and Prince Moulay Rachid, and two sisters Lalla Asma and Lalla Hasna.

Holder of numerous prestigious official functions, Princess Meryem has focused much of her activities on the social and cultural realm. Princess Meryem is the President of the Moroccan association in support of UNICEF, President of the Hassan II Foundation for the Moroccans residing abroad, President of the Moroccan National Observatory of the Childs Rights and President of the Hassan II Foundation for the social works of the former soldiers and ex-combatants. In July 2001, she was nominated UNESCO Goodwill Ambassador with focus her Ambassadorship on UNESCO projects for women and children. Also Member of the Honorary Committee of the International Centre for Missing & Exploited Children.

Since 2003 she is President of the National Union of Moroccan Women (UNFM).

Using her Royal status, she continues her work on behalf of women and children and advocate their rights on an international level.



Tarfaya Province

Tarfaya is a province in the Moroccan economic region of Laâyoune-Sakia El Hamra, which includes the southwestern part of the territory of Morocco as of before 1975, and the northern part of the disputed territory of Western Sahara. Its population in 2004 was 10420. Its main town is Tarfaya.

In the north-east of the province, Khenifiss National Park is located.

The province is divided administratively into the following:

Notes :

Khenifiss National Park

Khenifiss National Park () is a national park in the southwest of Morocco, located near Akhfennir on the Atlantic coast in the region of Laâyoune-Sakia El Hamra. It was established in 2006. The area of the park is . The national park was created to protect desert, wetlands, and coastal dunes.

The park was first created as a natural reserve in 1960, and in 1980, it was classified as a wetland of international importance. In 1983, the natural reserve was transformed into a Permanent Biological Reserve, and on September 26, 2006, the national park was created.

The park is located at the coast of Atlantic Ocean, north of the border with Western Sahara, between the towns of Tan-Tan (north) and Tarfaya (south). The National Route 1, which runs along the Atlantic coast of Morocco, passes through the park.

The park includes a coastal portion, the Khenfiss lagoon, the biggest lagoon at the Moroccan coast, and the inland portion, located on desert plateaus. The lagoon is also an important bird nesting ground. Ruddy shelduck, marbled duck, and Audouin's gull inhabit the lagoon permanently, and a big number of species migrate here in winter. Every year, about 20,000 birds stay in the lagoon area in the winter season.

The inland part includes sabkhas and is typical for Sahara landscapes. It also includes sand dunes and limestone plateaus.

The government declared its intention to turn the park into a major tourist attraction specializing in ecotourism.

This site was added to the UNESCO World Heritage Tentative List on 12/10/1998 in the natural category.

Akhfennir

Akhfennir is a small town in Tarfaya Province, in the Laâyoune-Sakia El Hamra region of Morocco. The area is noted for Khenifiss National Park and Tarfaya-Akhfenir Wind Farm.

Sámi people of Norway

The Sámi ethnic group in Norway, or Sámi people in Norway, are part of an ethnic group that also lives in Sweden, Finland, and Russia.

In Norway, the core-area of the Sami, is in 4 municipalities in Finnmark county and 1 municipality in Troms county: Kautokeino, Karasjok, Porsanger, Tana og Nesseby and Kåfjord.

The core area is inside Norway's part of Sapmi (or Lapland). (Lapland is a part of 4 countries: Norway, Sweden, Finland and Russia.)

The Sami languages in Norway, are Northern Sami , Lule Sami language , and Southern Sami language .

"[P]eople who want to vote for", or want to be a member of "the Sami Parliament , they must register as Sami. The definitions of Sami" that started to be used by "Sami organizations, including the Nordic Sami Council, in the 1950s, became part of Norwegian law in 1987. A Sami is defined as a person who: 1) has Sami as his/her first language, or whose father or mother , or one of whose grandparents, has Sami as their first language, or 2) considers himself/herself a Sami and lives in entire accordance with the rules of the Sami society, and who is recognized by the representative Sami body as a Sami, or 3) has a father or mother who satisfies the above-mentioned conditions for being a Sami".

"Archeological research indicates that a culture identified as Sami arose in the Scandinavian peninsula between 1500 and 1000 B.C."
"[R]ecorded reference to the Sami", was made as early as 98 A.D. - by Tacitus

One account (or description) from 896 , was told to Alfred the Great, by Ohthere of Hålogaland - a Norwegian chieftain, that had some connection to the English king's court.

[Old] Norse literature, such as the Icelandic sagas tells about the Sami; "Olav Tryggvason's Saga says "that the king killed a big man who was "troll-wise" and "there followed him a great number of Finns whenever he had need of them". ("Finns" is a name that sometimes meant "Sami people".)

Regarding getting the Sami to change their religion to Christianity: In the 18th century Thomas von Westen, a pietist, led missionary work (among the Sami), that has been called a concerted (or special) effort. "About a century later, Niels Vibe Stockfleth worked among the Sami and translated [the Bible's] New Testament into" [one of the Sami languages].

At Dovrefjell when Harald Hardrada was king, there was profit from the keeping of herds of reindeer, and the business was at its highest

In regard to Sami (in Norway) that had reindeer herds; when these Sami moved their herds (every year), then they would interact with people who lived permanently on the coast; the interaction also included "verdde": a friendship of convenience; for example, Sami needed milk and fish after having been on a plateau (or highland) for some weeks; Sami might need repair of equipment; trade was done: People from the coast traded fish for meat from reindeer.

People living permanently on the coast in North Norway, were [largely] Sami; these Sami had permanent housing, and it became easier for these Sami to stop behaving like Sami; in some areas one was not allowed to own land, if one was Sami; some Sami changed names, to names that might sound more Norwegian (and family names such as Sæter, Strømeng, and Kalvemo became new family names).

Sami language [largely] disappeared among the Coastal Sami. Sami that did reindeer farming, and Coastal Sami slowly lost the close contact [between the two groups].

"There were organized attempts to eradicate [or make to disappear ] the Sami language and culture[,] as a step in assimilating the Sami into Norwegian society". Policies to "Norwegianize", Samis - were in place from the late 1840s,
into the 1980s.

"From the late 1840s to the 1950s, missionaries, agricultural experts and schoolteachers" tried "to "Norwegianize" the Sami"; the "first formal act of Parliament regarding the Norwegianization of the Sami people was made in 1848: 'The government is requested to investigate ... [find out if, and how far] there should be opportunity to bring the Norwegian Lapps, especially those living in coastal areas , instruction in the Norwegian language for the enlightenment of these people, and that the result of their findings be reported to the next Parliament'".
[Norway's] authorities [or government] made "a language directive (or rule) in 1880, which" was "made more forceful in 1898. It" said "that 'Teachers in those districts where the Lappish ... and Finnish ("kvænsk") languages are permitted for the sake of facilitating instruction in the public schools shall do their utmost to spread knowledge of the Norwegian language and seek to promote its use in the circles where they work'". Furthermore, the "government had a major objective for the school[s]: Not a single Sami word was to be heard on the school grounds" [or in school buildings].
"The authorities also" used "economic measures to carry out the work of Norwegianization, including the Land Act. A regulation [or part of the law] from 1902" says that "Sale [of land] may only be made to Norwegian citizens ... who can speak, read, and write the Norwegian language and use it on a day-to-day basis".

A report by the "Parliamentary School Commission, appointed in 1922" said, without being able to show [ evidence], "that that the Sami are less educable [or able to learn] than others"; the report also said that the Sami population is less gifted and the "Sami culture does not lend itself to development".

From around 1850, a government policy of "Fornorskning" [tried to remove Sami culture]. An article in Klassekampen said that the policy was very rough [to Sami persons]. Into the 1980s, the policy of "Fornorskning" lasted in some places.

[Possibly the first] Sami association (in Norway) was started during the New Year's weekend in 1911: "Buolbmag Same Særvve", in Polmak municipality.

In regard to the Frøyningsfjell drum, sometimes called the Folldal drum: Sami authorities went to a museum in a European country and were given the drum in 2023.

Reindeer farming, which is a type of animal husbandry, is done by Sami, between the White Sea and [towards the West and the South, across Russia's Kola peninsula, Finland, Sweden and Norway, into Norway's] county of Hedmark.

In reindeer farming, "the Sami travel with their flocks [of reindeer] according to an established cycle"; the cycle makes sure "that the" [reindeer] can eat properly during the various [or different] seasons of the year. For example, the spring migration to summer pastures, which have a rich variety of grasses and herbs, takes place just before new calves are born in May. Summer is a time when the calves grow and the adult animals regain their strength following a long, hard winter".
Among the Sami people are nomads that do reindeer farming. They lived in their cold environment by domesticating the reindeer. The Lapps were able to get everything they needed from the deer. They ate mostly meat, milk, and cheese. Their clothing was made from reindeer skins and wool. Their tents were also made from raindeer skins. The wool clothes were beautifully decorated.

The Lapps protected the herds, moving with them as they migrated from summer to winter pastures. They used reindeer to pull sleds carrying their supplies. During the winter, the herds moved south of where the trees grew. The Lapps lived nearby in homes made of logs or sod.

Winter clothing was made from layers of reindeer skin. The inside layer would be worn with the fur facing in toward the person's skin. The second layer was worn with the fur facing out. Boots were also made of fur and lined with grass that had been gathered during the short summer. Every evening the grass would be taken out and dried by the fire, so it would be ready to use again the next day. This way, a Lapp could be warm and comfortable in even the coldest weather.

Today only a few of the Lapp people still follow the herds. Those few use modern tools on their ancient migration. They use snowmobiles to herd the reindeer and rifles to kill the wolves that chase herds. Even helicopters and radios are used to locate and move the reindeer. Most of the Lapp people now live on small farms in one of the four nations of Lapland. They raise crops and animals, including a few reindeer, to meet their needs. The sale of reindeer meat is an important source of income for the Lapp people.

The Lapps were careful not to waste anything they got from the reindeer. Milk was taken from the reindeer to drink or make cheese. Meat was taken for food. The blood was frozen and then used for soup and pancakes. Knives and belt buckles were carved from the bones and antlers. The sinews (tendons) were used as sewing thread. Cleaned-out stomachs were used to carry milk or cheese. Every part of a dead reindeer was used.

Sami crafts are called "duodji" . The men make knives, drums and 'guksi' (burl cups) from wood, bone, and antlers. The women use leather and roots to make 'gakti' (clothing). Women also use birch and spruce to weave baskets.

Sami clothing is called 'gakti' and was originally made from reindeer leather, but now it is usually made from wool, cotton, or silk. Usually, there are different types of clothing for men and women.

Sami shamanism is the main religion of the Sami people. These beliefs are connected to the land, animalism, and the supernatural. There is some practice of bear worship. Sami shamanism is a polytheistic religion. It believes there are many gods. The Sami shaman are called the 'Noadi'. There are some 'wise men' and 'wise women' who try to heal people who are sick. They use rituals and herbal medicine. Some Sami people have changed their beliefs to Christianity. They join either the Russian Orthodox Church or the Lutheran.

Publications by Snorri Sturluson(1178-1241) say that a Sami woman, Snøfrid, married Harald Fairhair; furthermore, none of her children or grandchildren became kings; first when Harald Hardrada became a king, then her blood became part of the blood of the royal family.


Donald McKenzie (disambiguation)

Don or Donald McKenzie (also Mackenzie or MacKenzie) may refer to:





Bajram Rexhepi

Bajram Rexhepi (3 June 1954 – 21 August 2017) was a Kosovar politician. He was the former Interior Minister of the Republic of Kosovo and was member of the Kosovo Assembly. He was also the first elected post-war Prime Minister of Kosovo. He was a member of the second largest political party in Kosovo, the Democratic Party of Kosovo (PDK).

Mohamed Refaat El-Saeed

Mohammed Refaat El-Saeed ( "Muhammad Rifaʻatu s-Saʻīd", 11 October 1932 ­– 17 August 2017) was an Egyptian politician, scholar and writer. He served as the general secretary of the National Progressive Unionist Party (Tagammu). El-Saeed held two doctorates in history, and was a part-time lecturer at the American University in Cairo. El-Saeed was a frequent contributor to "al-Ahali", the Tagammu party organ.

El-Saeed died on 17 August 2017 at the age of 84.

Abdur Razzak

Abdur Razzak (23 January 1942 – 21 August 2017) was a Bangladeshi actor and movie director. He was known as Nayak Raj, a title given by Ahmed Zaman Chowdhury, editor of "Chitrali". He was given the Independence Day Award in 2015 by the Government of Bangladesh. He received National Film Awards (Bangladesh) for Best Actor for five times and received Lifetime Achievement Awards in 2013.

His first big break in cinema came with his role in Zahir Raihan's "Behula" (1966). He went on to make more than 300 appearances in Bengali and Urdu movies. He also directed around sixteen movies.

Razzak was a UNFPA goodwill ambassador.


Brian Aldiss

Brian Wilson Aldiss, OBE (; 18 August 1925 – 19 August 2017) was an English writer and anthologies editor. He was best known for science fiction novels and short stories. His byline reads either Brian W. Aldiss or simply Brian Aldiss, except for occasional pseudonyms during the mid-1960s. 

Greatly influenced by science fiction pioneer H. G. Wells, Aldiss was a vice-president of the international H. G. Wells Society. He was (with Harry Harrison) co-president of the Birmingham Science Fiction Group. 

Aldiss was named a Grand Master by the Science Fiction Writers of America in 2000, and inducted by the Science Fiction Hall of Fame in 2004. He received two Hugo Awards, one Nebula Award, and one John W. Campbell Memorial Award. He wrote the short story "Super-Toys Last All Summer Long" (1969), the basis for the Stanley Kubrick-developed Steven Spielberg movie "A.I. Artificial Intelligence". Aldiss was associated with the British New Wave of science fiction.

Aldiss died at his Oxford home one day after his 92nd birthday on 19 August 2017.


Helmut Piirimäe

Helmut Piirimäe (September 8, 1930 — 21 August 2017) was an Estonian historian. He was born Põltsamaa, Estonia. He was "professor emeritus" of University of Tartu, and an honorary doctor of University of Uppsala. Piirimäe researched Estonian history under the Swedish Empire in the 17th century, but also the Enlightenment in the 18th century, especially the French Revolution.

Piirimäe was married to art historian Krista Piirimäe. They had three sons and a daughter.

Piirimäe died on 21 August 2017 in Tartu, Estonia at the age of 86.


Paavo Lonkila

Paavo Olavi Lonkila ("Paavo Lång"; 11 January 1923 – 23 September 2017) was a Finnish cross-country skier. He was born in Kiuruvesi, Finland.

Lonkila won a gold medal in the 4×10 km relay at the 1952 Olympics and finished third in the individual 18 km race, 11 seconds behind his teammate Tapio Mäkelä. Earlier his 4×10 km relay team placed second at the 1950 FIS Nordic World Ski Championships, where he finished fifth over 18 km. He won the 18 km event at the 1951 Holmenkollen ski festival. Lonkila was a farmer by occupation.

Lonkila died on 23 September 2017 in Kiuruvesi, Finland at the age of 94.


Christopher G. Kennedy

Christopher George Kennedy (born July 4, 1963) is an American businessman. He is Chair of Joseph P. Kennedy Enterprises, Inc. He is a son of former U.S. Senator Robert F. Kennedy, a member of the Kennedy family. Kennedy served as Chair of the Board of Trustees for the University of Illinois from 2009 to 2015. Until April 2012, he was also president of Merchandise Mart Properties, a commercial property management firm based in Chicago.

He was a candidate in the Democratic Party primary for Governor of Illinois in the 2018 election.

J. B. Pritzker

Jay Robert "J. B." Pritzker (born January 19, 1965) is an American venture capitalist, philanthropist, and private business owner based in Chicago. He is the 43rd and current Governor of Illinois and has been serving since 2019. He was reelected in 2022.

Pritzker was managing partner and co-founder of the Pritzker Group, a private investment firm that operates middle-market service and industrial companies and invests in digital technology companies. He has a net worth of around $3.4 billion. This makes Pritzker the richest officeholder in the United States.

He ran as the Democratic Party candidate for Governor of Illinois in the 2018 election against Governor Bruce Rauner. His running mate was state legislator Juliana Stratton. Pritzker beat Rauner in the election in a landslide victory of 52% to 39%. His tenure as governor has been known for his response to the COVID-19 pandemic in Illinois.

Pritzker was born and raised in Atherton, California. He is a member of the Pritzker family. His older sister is Penny Pritzker, former United States Secretary of Commerce. He studied at Milton Academy and graduated from Duke University. In 1993, he earned his Juris Doctor from Northwestern University.


2018 Illinois gubernatorial election

The 2018 Illinois gubernatorial election took place on November 6, 2018, to elect the Governor of Illinois. The Democratic and Republican primary elections took place on March 20, 2018 and the Libertarian Party state convention was held on March 4th.

Incumbent Republican Governor Bruce Rauner ran for re-election to a second term against Democrat J. B. Pritzker and Libertarian Kash Jackson.

In March 2018, the primary results concluded with J. B. Pritzker winning the Democratic nomination with Rauner winning the Republican nomination. Meanwhile, Kash Jackson won the Libertarian Party nomination during a state convention in Bloomington, IL.

Pritzker defeated incumbent Rauner in the general election by a landslide.






Daniel Biss

Daniel Kálmán Biss (born August 27, 1977) is an American mathematician and politician. Biss is the Mayor of Evanston, Illinois since 2021. He was a member of the Illinois Senate from the 9th district, serving from January 2013 to January 2019. The district includes Chicago's northern suburbs, including Evanston, Glencoe, Glenview, Golf, Morton Grove, Golf, Northbrook, Northfield, Skokie, Wilmette, and Winnetka. 

Biss previously served in the Illinois House of Representatives from 2011 to 2013.

He was a candidate in the Democratic Party primary for Governor of Illinois in the 2018 election.

Biss announced his candidacy for Mayor of Evanston, Illinois in the 2021 election in November 2020. He won the election in a landslide victory in February 2021.

Scott Drury

Scott Drury (born 1972) is an American politician. He is the Illinois state representative for the 58th district and a Democratic candidate for governor. The 58th district includes all or parts of Bannockburn, Deerfield, Glencoe, Highwood, Highland Park, Lake Bluff Lake Forest, Lincolnshire, Northbrook and North Chicago.

He was a candidate in the Democratic Party primary for Governor of Illinois in the 2018 election.

Ameya Pawar

Ameya Pawar (born April 22, 1980) is an American politician. He is the alderman for the 47th Ward of the City of Chicago. He was first elected in the 2011 municipal elections, and was elected to a second term on February 24, 2015. Pawar's 2015 re-election was secured with over 82% of the vote, the largest margin in the election cycle. 

Pawar is the first Indian American and Asian American in Chicago City Council history.

He is a candidate in the Democratic Party primary for Governor of Illinois in the 2018 election. 

Kent Lee

Kent Liston Lee (July 28, 1923 – August 11, 2017) was a Vice Admiral of the United States Navy. The 36-year veteran of the Navy saw combat in World War II and commanded the aircraft carrier during the Vietnam War. He was best known for his work in driving the development and procurement of the F/A-18 Hornet.

Lee died in Charlottesville, Virginia on August 11, 2017 at the age of 94.

Perch Zeytuntsyan

Perch Zeytuntsyan (, July 18, 1938 – August 21, 2017) was an Egyptian-born Armenian playwright and screenwriter. He served as Minister of Culture of Armenia from 1990 to 1991.

In 1975, Zeytuntsyan became the executive secretary of the Writer’s Union of Armenia, a position he held until 1981. He went on to become the Minister of Culture in the first post-Soviet administration of the Republic of Armenia.

Vicente Iturat

Vicente Iturat Gil (22 August 1928 – 18 August 2017) was a Spanish cyclist. He won the Points classification in the 1957 Vuelta a España. He was born in Alcalà de Xivert, Spain.

Iturat died on 18 August 2017 in Vilanova i la Geltrú, Spain at the age of 88.

Chicago City Council

The Chicago City Council is the legislative branch of the government of the City of Chicago in Illinois. It is made up of 50 aldermen elected from 50 wards to serve four-year terms. 

The Chicago City Council is set into session regularly (usually monthly) to consider ordinances, orders, and resolutions whose subject matter includes traffic code changes, utilities, taxes, and many other issues. The presiding officer of the Chicago City Council is the Mayor of Chicago. The secretary is the City Clerk of Chicago. Both positions are popularly elected offices.

The Chicago City Council Chambers are located in Chicago City Hall. Also located in the building are the downtown offices of the individual aldermen and staff.

Susana Mendoza

Susana Mendoza (born May 13, 1972) is an American politician and the current Comptroller of Illinois. She formerly served as Chicago City Clerk and as a Illinois State Representative, representing the 1st District of Illinois – which included the Chicago communities of Brighton Park, Little Village, Gage Park and Back of the Yards. 

She was first elected in 2001 and served into her sixth term, when she won the election for Chicago City Clerk in February 2011.

On November 2, 2018 a video leaked from Mendoza’s campaign showing her plans to run for Mayor of Chicago in 2019 even though she successfully ran for re-election as Comptroller in 2018. Eight days after winning her re-election on November 14, Mendoza launched her mayoral campaign. She lost in the first round of the election.


City Clerk of Chicago

The City Clerk of Chicago is in charge of record-keeping for the city of Chicago and its elections. When the Chicago City Council is in session, the City Clerk serves as council secretary. This position is a citywide elected office.

The City Clerk's office is responsible for maintaining official city government records, distributing approximately 1.3 million vehicle stickers and residential parking permits, and issuing city business licenses.

The current city clerk is Anna M. Valencia since 2017.


Toni Preckwinkle

Toni Preckwinkle (née Reed; March 17, 1947) is an American politician. She is the current Cook County Board President and a former alderman in the Chicago City Council representing Chicago's 4th ward in Cook County, Illinois, United States.

She was elected on November 2, 2010, as President of the Cook County Board, the Executive Branch of Cook County government. Preckwinkle first sought office in 1983 and was defeated twice before securing election in 1991 and being re-elected as alderman four times.

On September 20, 2018, Preckwinkle announced her candidacy for Mayor of Chicago in the 2019 election to replace Rahm Emanuel. She advanced to the runoff election on April 2. She was defeated by Lightfoot by nearly 50%.


Premier Guitar

Premier Guitar is a music magazine. A new issue is made every month. Articles in the magazine are usually about guitar players. The magazine has interviews, reviews, and information on how to play songs on guitar or bass guitar. The magazine started in 2007. .


Tove Alsterdal

Tove Kerstin Alsterdal, born on the 28th of December 1960 in Malmö, is a Swedish author, journalist and playwright.

In 2009 she made her debut with her first book in the thriller genre, ‘The Forgotten Dead‘, and has since been published in many countries worldwide.

She has also written manuscripts for movies and theatre, and been an editor for author Liza Marklund’s bestselling crime novels.

Alsterdal was born year 1960 in Malmö. Her father was the journalist and author Alvar Alsterdal (1926-1991) from Alster in Värmland, Sweden. Alsterdal’s mother Elsa Bolin (1928-2009) was from Tornedalen, the northernmost part of Sweden bordering Finland.

Alsterdal grew up in Umeå in northern Sweden and in Jakobsberg, a suburb in Stockholm that she has depicted in her novel, ‘"Let me take your han"d’. During her first years of her career after graduating from high school she worked as a psychiatric nurse at Beckomberga hospital, a mental institution that recurs in the novel ‘Do not turn around’.

In the years 1984-1985 Alsterdal studied journalism at Kalix Folkhögskola in the north of Sweden. There she met Liza Marklund with whom she would come to work closely with, author to author.

Alsterdal lived in the town Luleå in Norrbotten for many years as an adult, where she among other things worked as a journalist for radio and TV, and started off her career as a playwright. Nowadays she lives in Stockholm. She has three daughters with her previous husband Nikolaj Alsterdal (née Andersen), the oldest born in 1999 and twins born in 2002.

Tove Alsterdal worked as a freelance journalist when she started writing drama for the fringe theatre Teater Scratch in Luleå in the beginning of the 1990s. Later she wrote manuscripts for county theatres, opera, radio, TV and movies.

In the spring of 2000, Alsterdal bought Alfred Nobel’s former laboratory in Vinterviken, Stockholm and ran her own cabaret theatre with her ex-husband.

With the actress and director Helena Bergström she wrote the manuscript to the movie ‘Så Olika’ (English translation: ‘So Different’) that premiered towards the end of 2009.

In September 2009

Alsterdal made her debut as a novelist with the thriller ‘Women on the beach’. The idea of the novel was at first meant to be a movie manuscript but the possible producers found it would be too expensive as the story is set in seven countries. The story centres itself around people who drown when fleeing over the Mediterranean Sea and people who are taken advantage of as slave labour in Europe. The novel was praised by critics and has been published in nineteen languages.

The movie rights to ‘Women on the beach/The Forgotten Dead’ are sold to the British Filmwave AB who are developing a six part TV miniseries based on the story.

All of Alsterdal’s thrillers are standalone novels. She has been compared to the likes of Dennis Lehane and Dan Brown, and has been called “the John Le Carré of Sweden”.

In 2012 her second novel, ‘Grave of silence’, was published. It is set in Tornedalen, in the north of Sweden, and is about the Swedes who emigrated to the Soviet Union in the 1930s. Alsterdals relative Nils Bucht was one of the people who disappeared under Stalin’s terror. The novel was nominated as the best crime novel of the year in Sweden, the Netherlands and France.

Alsterdals third novel, ‘Let me take your hand’, was awarded the prize for the best crime novel by the Swedish Crime Writer’s Academy in 2014. The novel is set in the Stockholm suburb that the author grew up in, Jakobsberg, and in Argentina where a Swedish woman disappears during the military dictatorship in the 1970s. “An elaborate and linguistically nuanced weave of mystery and contemporary history” read the motivation for the award.

In ‘Do not turn around’, published in 2016, Alsterdal returns to the mental hospital where she worked when she was younger. The novel depicts the collision between the place’s dark past and the new residence idyll that is growing in the area. The only witness to a murder is a Romani beggar.

“Not many authors would succeed in tying together a normal townhouse life with a society in free fall, combine big politics with murder mysteries with a gripping depiction of feeling alone within one’s family. But Tove Alsterdal does just that”, wrote best selling author and critic Malin Persson Giolito in the magazine ‘Amelia’.

Tove Alsterdal has been author Liza Marklund’s editor since ‘Sprängaren’ (The Bomber, 1998). She met Marklund at the school of journalism in 1984. Marklund has also been the first reader of all of Alsterdal’s novels. Together, they have written the manuscript for the movie based on the New York Times No 1 bestselling novel ‘Postcard Killers’ by Liza Marklund and James Patterson. The movie is expected to go into production in 2017 (George Films), directed by Janusz Kaminski, a cinematographer and academy award winner for ‘Schindler’s List’ and ‘Saving private Ryan’.

Chosen dramaturgy and movies



Stanisław Tym

Stanisław Tym born 17 July 1937) is a Polish movie director, screenwriter, dramatist and actor. Tym has directed one movie "Ryś" in 2007. He is best known for his role Ryszard Ochódzki in cult polish movie "Teddy Bear" and two sequels: "Controlled Conversations" and "Ryś".

Tym was born in Małkinia Górna, Poland.

Mercedes-Benz O309

The Mercedes-Benz O 309 was the bus version of the Düsseldorfer Transporter, It was built by Mercedes-Benz from 1967 to 1986.


Willamette River

The Willamette River is a major tributary of the Columbia River, accounting for 12 to 15 percent of the Columbia's flow. The Willamette's main stem is long, lying entirely in northwestern Oregon in the United States. Flowing northward between the Oregon Coast Range and the Cascade Range, the river and its tributaries form the Willamette Valley, a basin that contains two-thirds of Oregon's population, including the state capital, Salem, and the state's largest city, Portland, which surrounds the Willamette's mouth at the Columbia.

Originally created by plate tectonics about 35 million years ago and subsequently altered by volcanism and erosion, the river's drainage basin was significantly modified by the Missoula Floods at the end of the most recent ice age. Humans began living in the watershed over 10,000 years ago. There were once many tribal villages along the lower river and in the area around its mouth on the Columbia. Indigenous peoples lived throughout the upper reaches of the basin as well.


Tony deBrum

Tony deBrum (February 26, 1945 – August 22, 2017) was a Marshallese politician and government minister. From 2012 and 2014, he was the Minister in Assistance to the President of Marshall Islands. He was an activist relating to climate change, and has been part of many conferences and demonstrations, including the People’s Climate March in New York City in September 2014.

In mid December 2015, he took part in the 2015 United Nations Climate Change Conference. He succeeded to form a new coalition between developed countries and developing countries called "High Ambition Coalition".

He was Foreign Minister of the Marshall Islands from 1979 till 1987, 2008 till 2009 and 2014 till 2016.

deBrum died at his home in Majuro, Marshall Islands on August 22, 2017 at the age of 72.

Litokwa Tomeing

Iroij Litokwa Tomeing (14 October 1939 – 12 October 2020) was a Marshallese politician. He was the President of the Marshall Islands from January 2008 until October 2009.

Tomeing died on 12 October 2020 in Springdale, Arkansas, two days before his 81st birthday.


Emlain Kabua

Emlain Kabua (born February 1928 – 11 April 2023) was a Marshallese artist and political figure. She was the First Lady of the Marshall Islands and the wife of Marshallese President Amata Kabua. Kabua served as the first First Lady of the Marshall Islands from 1979 until 1996.

She is known for being the designer of the Flag of the Marshall Islands.

Kabua died on 11 April 2023, at the age of 95.

Flag of the Marshall Islands

The flag of the Marshall Islands, an island nation in the Pacific, was adopted upon the start of self-government, May 1, 1979. The flag was designed by Emlain Kabua, who was the first First Lady of the republic.

Rules about the flag are set forth in the Official Flag of the Marshall Islands Act 1979 (Public Law 1979-1).

Amata Kabua

Amata Kabua (November 17, 1928 – 20 December 1996) was a Marshallese politician. He was the first President of the Marshall Islands from 1979 to 1996.

Kabua died in office after a long illness, on December 20, 1996, in Honolulu, Hawaii, aged 68.

Margot Hielscher

Margot Hielscher (29 September 1919 – 20 August 2017) was a German singer and actress. She appeared in over fifty movies between and 1939 and 1994. 

Hielscher was born in Berlin. In 1989, she starred in the TV series "Rivalen der Rennbahn". Hielscher died in Munich on 20 August 2017, aged 97.

In 1978, Hielscher was awarded the "Bundesverdienstkreuz" and in 1985 the "Filmband in Gold" for her achievements in German cinema.

In 1957, she was chosen to represent Germany at the Eurovision Song Contest 1957 with the song "Telefon, Telefon" "(Telephone, Telephone)". The song finished fourth out of ten, with eight points.

Hielscher was chosen again to represent Germany at the Eurovision Song Contest 1958 with the song "Für Zwei Groschen Musik" "(Music For Two Pennies)". The song finished seventh out of ten, with 5 points.

1970 California gubernatorial election

The California gubernatorial election, 1970 was held on November 3, 1970. The incumbent, Republican Ronald Reagan, won re-election over Democrat and Speaker of the Assembly Jesse "Big Daddy" Unruh.

Reagan won 3,439,174 (52,83%) of the vote while Unruh won 2,938,607 (45.14%) of the vote.


Jesse M. Unruh

Jesse Marvin Unruh (September 30, 1922 – August 4, 1987), also known as Big Daddy Unruh, was an American Democratic politician. He was California State Treasurer. Unruh unsuccessfully ran for Governor of California against Ronald Reagan int the 1970 gubernatorial election. In 1973, Unruh ran unsuccessfully for Mayor of Los Angeles.

Unruh died of prostate cancer at his home in Marina Del Rey, California on August 4, 1987. He was 64 years old.

1966 California gubernatorial election

The California gubernatorial election, 1966 was held on November 8, 1966. The election was a race between incumbent Governor Pat Brown, the Democratic candidate, and actor Ronald Reagan, the Republican candidate. 

After his re-election victory over former Vice President Richard Nixon in 1962, Brown was strongly considered for Lyndon Johnson's 1964 ticket, a spot that eventually went to Hubert Humphrey. However, Brown's popularity began to sag amidst the civil disorders of the Watts riots and the early anti-Vietnam War demonstrations at U.C. Berkeley.

The Republicans seized upon Brown's sudden unpopularity by nominating a well known and charismatic political outsider – actor Ronald Reagan. With Richard Nixon working tirelessly behind the scenes and Reagan trumpeting his law and order campaign message, Reagan received almost 2/3 of the primary vote over George Christopher, the moderate Republican former mayor of San Francisco.

Reagan won the election in a landslide victory with 3,742,913 (57.55%) of the vote to Brown's 2,479,174 (42.27%).


Madhukar Hiralal Kania

Madhukar Hiralal Kania (M. H. Kania) (born 18 November 1927) is an Indian politician. He was the 23rd Chief Justice of India, serving from 13 December 1991 until his retirement on 17 November 1992. His uncle was Harilal J. Kania, the first Chief Justice of India. He was born in Bombay, India.

He began his legal career in 1964, and was appointed as a Judge of Bombay High Court in November-1971. In June 1986 he was appointed as Chief Justice of the Bombay High Court.

In May 1987, he was appointed as a Judge of the Supreme Court of India, and became the Chief Justice of India in December 1991.


Furna

Furna is a municipality of the district Davos in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

Manepalli Narayana Rao Venkatachaliah

Manepalli Narayana Rao Venkatachaliah (born 25 October 1929) is an Indian politician. He was the 25th Chief Justice of India. He served as Chief Justice from 1993 to 1994.

Post retirement, he has continued to work on anti-corruption and human rights issues, including support for the launch of the Initiatives of Change Centre for Governance in 2003.

He served as the Chairman of National Human Rights Commission from 1996 to 1998 and in 2000 he headed National Commission to review the working of the Constitution.

Dipak Misra

Justice Dipak Misra (born 3 October 1953) was the Judge of the Supreme Court and the Chief Justice of India. He took over as the 45th Chief Justice of India (CJI), succeeding the 44th CJI, Justice J. S. Khehar.

He was a judge of the Supreme Court of India and a former Chief Justice of the Patna and Delhi High Courts. He's the nephew of Justice Ranganath Misra, who was the 21st CJI during 1990-91.

Rishang Keishing

Rishang Keishing (25 October 1920 – 22 August 2017) was an Indian politician. He was a senior politician of the Indian National Congress party was a Member of the Parliament of India representing Manipur in the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Indian Parliament. Keishing served as Chief Minister of Manipur from 1980 to 1988 and from 1994 to 1997. He was from Bungpa village, Ukhrul District, Manipur.

He was the oldest serving parliamentarian in the world, his term at Rajya Sabha, the Upper House of Indian Parliament ends 9 April 2014.

Keishing died on 22 August 2017, aged 96, in Imphal, Manipur of multiple organ failure.

Boris Spremo

Boris Spremo (Serbian Cyrillic: Борис Спремо; October 20, 1935 – August 21, 2017) was a Yugoslavian-born Canadian photojournalist. 

Spremo found work with "The Globe and Mail", and finished his career with the "Toronto Star". The "Toronto Star" later called him "a legend in the business". Some of his photographs appeared in both Canadian and American magazines. He was known for his collages depicting life in Toronto.

Spremo died of complications of multiple myeloma in Toronto on August 21, 2017 at the age of 81.

Spremo won many regional and international awards for his work, including being the first Canadian ever to win a World Press Photo award. He was named a member of the Order of Canada in 1997.


Matthew Kia Yen-wen

Matthew Kia Yen-wen, (Chinese language: 賈彥文; January 17, 1925 – August 22, 2017) was a Chinese Bishop of Hualien and Chiayi, and served as Archbishop of Taipei. From 2015 until his death in 2017, he was the Archbishop Emeritus of Taipei. He was born in Yuenshi Hsien. 

Kia was ordained on July 15, 1951 in Tainan, Taiwan. He was appointed the first Bishop of Chiayi on May 21, 1970 and installed on July 16, 1970. He was appointed Bishop of Hualien on December 14, 1974. He became the Archbishop of Taipei on November 18, 1978. He resigned on February 11, 1989.

Kia died on August 22, 2017 in Taipei, Taiwan at the age of 92.

Gordon Williams (writer)

Gordon Maclean Williams (20 June 1934 – 20 August 2017) was a Scottish author. He was born in Paisley, Renfrewshire. He wrote for television and was the author of more than 20 novels, including "From Scenes Like These" (1969), shortlisted for the Booker Prize in 1969, "Walk Don't Walk" (1972) and "Big Morning Blues" (1974). Other novels include "The Camp" (1966), "The Man Who Had Power Over Women" (1967) and "The Upper Pleasure Garden" (1970).

He was a ghostwriter for the autobiographies of association footballers Bobby Moore, Terry Venables and manager Tommy Docherty.

In 1971, his novel "The Siege of Trencher's Farm" was controversially filmed as "Straw Dogs". 

Williams died on 20 August 2017 in Glasgow, Scotland at the age of 83.


Gordon Williams

Gordon Williams may refer to:


Gordon Williams (footballer)

Gordon Williams (born 22 February 1929, died 2002) was an English footballer. He was born in Newcastle upon Tyne, England.

Williams played as a centre forward in the Football League for Sheffield United and Darlington. He made five league appearances for each club and scored once, for Darlington, on 4 November 1950 in a 3–2 home win against Scunthorpe United in the Third Division North.

Gordon E. Williams

Gordon E. Williams (born 1935) is a retired United States Air Force officer. He was a command pilot with more than 4,000 flying hours, he flew numerous Air Force and Navy aircraft. Upon his retirement on 1 August 1988, he was the director for plans and policy, J-5, Headquarters United States European Command, Stuttgart-Vaihingen, West Germany.

He was the commander of the 81st Tactical Fighter Wing, being stationed at RAF Bentwaters, England, in 1980 at the time of the Rendlesham Forest incident.

Thomas Meehan

Thomas Edward Meehan (August 14, 1929 – August 21, 2017) was an American writer. He was best known for "Annie", "The Producers", and "Hairspray". Meehan wrote books for musicals "Young Frankenstein" and "Cry-Baby". Meehan also co-wrote the book for "" and "".

Meehan won a Primetime Emmy Award in 1970, six Drama Desk Awards, and three Tony Awards. 

Meehan was born in Ossining, New York, but grew up in Suffern, New York. He graduated from Hamilton College. 

Meehan died on August 21, 2017 in Greenwich Village, New York City from cancer and surgical complications at the age of 88.

James Joseph Dresnok

James Joseph Dresnok (November 24, 1941 – November 2016) was an American-born North Korean actor, translater and teacher. One of six American soldiers to defect to North Korea after the Korean War.

After defecting, Dresnok worked as an actor in propaganda movies, some directed by Kim Jong-il, and as an English teacher in Pyongyang. He was featured on the CBS magazine program "60 Minutes" on January 28, 2007, as the last United States defector alive in North Korea. He was also the subject of a documentary movie, "Crossing the Line" which was shown at the 2007 Sundance Film Festival.

In April 2017, a Western news organization that focuses on North Korea reported that Dresnok had died the previous year. On 21 August 2017, Dresnok's sons confirmed that he had died of a stroke in November 2016.

Wilhelm Killmayer

Wilhelm Killmayer (21 August 1927 – 20 August 2017) was a German composer of classical music, a conductor and an academic teacher of composition at the Hochschule für Musik und Theater München from 1973 to 1992. 

He composed symphonies and song cycles on poems by Friedrich Hölderlin, Joseph von Eichendorff, Georg Trakl and Peter Härtling, among others.

Killmayers first composition was "Lorca-Romanzen" after Federico García Lorca, premiered at the Donaueschingen Festival. In 1954 he composed a Missa brevis, which was recorded and reviewed:Young (29) Munich-born Composer Wilhelm Killmayer's Missa Brevis ripples with exciting, shifting rhythms and rises skillfully to a colorful series of blasting choral climaxes occasionally more reminiscent of the bandstand than the choir.

Cautín Province

The Cautín Province () is one of two provinces of the Chilean region of Araucanía (IX). The provincial capital is the city of Temuco.

The Cautín province is in the southern half of the Araucanía region with an area of . The capital, Temuco, is in the central part of the province.

Cautín is bordered to the north by the Arauco and Malleco provinces, to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Los Ríos region and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.

The climate in Temuco is a Mediterranean climate (Marine West Coast Climate), Cfb in the Köppen climate classification.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Temuco is . The month with the most precipitation on average is June with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is January with an average of .

The average temperature for the year in Temuco is . The warmest month, on average, is January with an average temperature of . The coolest month on average is July, with an average temperature of .

 (last national census), there were 667,920 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 449,147 persons ( of the total population).

The largest city of the province, in 2002, is its capital, Temuco, with 227,086 inhabitants. Other cities are Padre Las Casas (33,697 inhabitants) and Villarrica (27,408 inhabitants).

As a province, Cautín is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 21 communes ("comunas"). The city of Temuco serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Jim Whelan

Jim Whelan (November 8, 1948 – August 22, 2017) was an American Democratic Party politician. He served in the New Jersey State Senate where he represented the 2nd Legislative District, from January 8, 2008, until his death.

Whelan died at age 68 of a heart attack as complications from kidney surgery on August 22, 2017 in Atlantic City, New Jersey. 

Greg Evers

Robert Gregory "Greg" Evers (June 16, 1955 – August 21, 2017) was a Republican American politician. He served as a member of the Florida Senate from 2010 to 2016, representing parts of Northwest Florida. Before to his election to the Senate, he served as a member of the Florida House of Representatives, representing the 1st District from 2001 to 2010.

Evers was killed in a car crash on August 21, 2017, near his home in Baker, Florida, aged 62.

Dean Rusk

David Dean Rusk (February 9, 1909 – December 20, 1994) was an American politician. He served as the United States Secretary of State from 1961 to 1969 under presidents John F. Kennedy and Lyndon B. Johnson. Rusk is the second-longest serving U.S. Secretary of State of all time, behind only Cordell Hull and tied with William H. Seward.

As Secretary of State he believed in the use of military action to combat communism. On March 24, 1961, Rusk released a brief statement saying his delegation was to travel to Bangkok and the SEATO nations' responsibility should be considered if peace settlements are not realized.

In 1964, Rusk said the US would not be pushed out of the Gulf of Tonkin and that the prevention of it becoming a "communist lake" would be assured by the continued presence of American forces there. 

During his later years, Rusk showed his support of Richard Nixon and his handling of the Cold War. 

Rusk died of heart failure in Athens, Georgia on December 20, 1994, at the age of 85.

Tom Pritchard

Thomas Leslie "Tom" Pritchard (10 March 1917 – 22 August 2017) was a New Zealand cricketer. He was born in Kaupokonui, Taranaki, New Zealand.

Pritchard played most of his first-class cricket in England. Pritchard was a genuinely fast right-arm bowler and a useful lower order right-handed batsman who played in several matches for Wellington before the Second World War. He said in 2013 that his 1939 memories of a game at the Basin Reserve and of playing for his country were still strong. 

In March 2017 he became only the third New Zealand first-class cricketer, after John Wheatley and Syd Ward, to reach 100 years of age.

Pritchard died at the age of 100 on 22 August 2017 in Levin, New Zealand of pneumonia-related complications.

John Abercrombie (guitarist)

John Laird Abercrombie (December 16, 1944 – August 22, 2017) was an American jazz guitarist, composer and bandleader. 

His work explored jazz fusion, post bop, free jazz and avant-garde jazz. Abercrombie studied at Berklee College of Music in Boston, Massachusetts. He recorded his debut album, "Timeless" with Manfred Eicher's ECM label, and recorded principally with this label since then. Abercrombie played with Billy Cobham, Ralph Towner, Jack DeJohnette, Charles Lloyd, Michael Brecker and Randy Brecker. He was known for his spare, understated and eclectic style and his work with organ trios.

Abercrombie died of heart failure in Cortland, New York on 22 August 2017 at the age of 72.

Roberto Gottardi

Roberto Gottardi (30 January 1927 – 21 August 2017) was an Italian architect. He was known for designing buildings across Cuba in the aftermath of the Cuban Revolution. He designed the National Art Schools, which was commissioned by Fidel Castro.


Jerzy Leśniak

Jerzy Leśniak (August 14, 1957 – August 20, 2017) was a Polish journalist and historian. He was born in Nowy Sącz, Poland.

His best-known book, "Encyklopedia Sądecka" (published in 2000, co-authored with Augustyn Leśniak and Karol Leśniak), has been so far the most comprehensive source and compendium of the region's history, as well as personal biographies and rare illustrations. He was also an editor-in-chief of a weekly regional magazine "Echo" and a quarterly "Nowy Sącz". During the years 2003-2006 he was a spokesman of the president of the city of Nowy Sącz.

Leśniak died in Warsaw, Poland on August 20, 2017 of a heart attack at the age of 60.

Mirosława Litmanowicz

Mirosława Litmanowicz (Mirosława Kałęcka; 6 September 1928 – 18 August 2017) was a Polish chess player. She won the Polish Women's Chess Championship in 1968 and the FIDE Woman International Master in 1967. She was born in Warsaw.

Litmanowicz died on 18 August 2017 at the age of 89.


Joe Klein (baseball executive)

Joseph Anthony Klein III (August 22, 1942 — August 23, 2017) was an American professional baseball executive. He was born in Baltimore, Maryland.

Klein was the executive director of the Atlantic League of Professional Baseball, an independent circuit that operates in the Northeast United States. Klein was a farm director, scouting director, and general manager in Major League Baseball from 1976 through 1995.

Klein served as the baseball executive for the Texas Rangers, Cleveland Indians, and Detroit Tigers.

Klein died on August 23, 2017 at a hospital in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania from complications of heart surgery at the age of 75.

Lateef Raji

Lateef Oludare Raji (12 October 1962 – 14 August 2017) was a Nigerian politician. He was the former special adviser on Information and Strategy to former Lagos State Governor, Babatunde Raji Fashola. He was also a commissioner to former Lagos state Governor Bola Tinubu.

Raji was a serving member of the Lagos State Independent Electoral Commission committee (LASIEC) before his death.

Raji died of throat cancer at his home in Magodo, Nigeria on 14 August 2017 at the age of 54.

Joe Klein

Joe Klein (born September 7, 1946) is an American political columnist, writer, critic, historian and journalist. He works for "Time" magazine and is known for his novel "Primary Colors".

Klein is currently a member of the Council on Foreign Relations and is a former Guggenheim Fellow. He has also written articles and book reviews for "The New Republic", "The New York Times", "The Washington Post", "Life", and "Rolling Stone".

Klein was born in New York City to a Jewish family. He was raised in New York City and in New Rochelle, New York. Klein studied at the University of Pennsylvania. In 1967, he married Janet Eklund. They divorced in 1975. They had 2 children. He is now married to Victoria Kaunitz. They have two children.


Jay Van Andel

Jay Van Andel (June 3, 1924 – December 7, 2004) was an American businessman and billionaire. He was best known as co-founder of the Amway Corporation, along with Richard DeVos. He was born in Grand Rapids, Michigan.

He also served as chairman of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce from 1979 to 1980 and later as a member of its Senior Council from 1980 to 1985.

He was also known for funding religious missions and conservative political causes, including the Republican Party.

Van Andel was a member of the Christian Reformed Church in North America. He died of Parkinson's disease in Ada Township, Michigan on December 7, 2004, at the age of 80.

Amway

Amway (short for "American Way"; ) is an American company specializing in the use of multi-level marketing to sell health, beauty, and home care products. Amway and its sister companies under Alticor reported sales of $9.5 billion in 2015.

It conducts business through a number of affiliated companies in more than a hundred countries and territories. Amway was ranked No. 29 among the largest privately held companies in the United States by "Forbes" in 2015 based on revenue, and No. 1 among multi-level marketing companies by "Direct Selling News" in 2016.

It was founded in 1959 by Jay Van Andel and Richard DeVos and is based in Ada Township, Michigan.

Malleco Province

The Malleco Province () is one of two provinces of the Chilean region of Araucanía (IX). The provincial capital is the city of Angol.

The Malleco province is in the northern half of the Araucanía region with an area of . The capital, Temuco, is in the northwestern part of the province.

Malleco is bordered to the north by the Bío Bío provinces, to the east by Argentina, to the south by the Cautín province and to the west by the Arauco province.

The average amount of precipitation for the year in Angol-Los Estanques, at an altitude of , is . The month with the most precipitation on average is July with of precipitation. The month with the least precipitation on average is February with an average of .

 (last national census), there were 201,615 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km². The urban population was 139,261 persons ( of the total population).

The largest city of the province, in 2002, is its capital, Angol, with 43,801 inhabitants.

As a province, Malleco is a second-level administrative division, consisting of 11 communes ("comunas"). The city of Angol serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Troisdorf

Troisdorf is a town in the Rhein-Sieg-Kreis (district) in the state of North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

It is south of Cologne and northeast of Bonn.



Kirtland, Ohio

Kirtland is a city in Lake County, Ohio, United States. The population was 6,937 at the 2020 census. Kirtland was the headquarters of the Latter Day Saints movement from 1831–1838.

Cock Lane

Cock Lane is a small street in Smithfield, London which runs east to Giltspur Street and west to Snow Hill.

It was known as "Cokkes Lane" during the Middle Ages - when the lane was known for its legal brothels. However, it is most well known for the ghost that is said to be around the area since 1762. It is also known for being where Christian preacher and writer John Bunyan died of a fever in 1688.

The junction between this lane and Giltspur Street marks an area known as Pye Corner which serves as a marker for the furthest reach of the Great Fire of London. A monument, the Golden Boy of Pye Corner, marks this location.

Mass-to-charge ratio

The mass-to-charge ratio is a physical quantity (it is an amount that can be measured). The SI unit is kg/C, which is kilograms divided by the coulomb. Sometimes the charge-to-mass ratio is used instead.

In a vacuum, all particles with the same mass-to-charge ratio move in the same path, when in the same strength of electric and magnetic fields.

It is important for things like mass spectrometry.

Alain Berbérian

Alain Berbérian (; July 2, 1953 – August 22, 2017) was a French movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Beirut, Lebanon. He was known for directing "La Cité de la peur", "Le Boulet", and "The Corsican File". He was also known writing the screenplay of "Paparazzi".

Berbérian died on August 22, 2017 at the age of 63.

Jason Clarke

Jason Clarke (born 17 July 1969) is an Australian actor. 

Clarke is known for playing Tommy Caffee on the television series "Brotherhood". He has also appeared in many movies such as "Death Race" (2008), "Public Enemies" (2009), "Zero Dark Thirty" (2013), "White House Down" (2013), "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" (2014), "Terminator Genisys" (2015), "Everest" (2015), "Chappaquiddick" (2017), and "Oppenheimer" (2023).

Heinz Lieven

Heinz Lieven (born April 18, 1928) is a German actor. He was born in Hamburg, Germany. His career began in the 1950s. Lieven made his international movie debut in Aleksandar Petrovic's "Group Portrait with Lady" and played a former SS Officer named Aloise Lange in the 2011 movie "This Must Be the Place".

Rachna Khatau

Rachna Khatau (born 29 January 1981) is an British-American actress, singer and television host. She is known for her role as Sondra in the Freeform sitcom "Baby Daddy" appearing in the series from 2013 through 2017. As a singer, Rachna was previously signed to a record deal with a subsidiary label of Universal Records. She has hosted live shows and worked as a red carpet correspondent for "Extra".

Khatau was born in London, England. She was raised in Chicago, Illinois. She received a master's degree in journalism at the University of Southern California.


Ancient Greek philosophy

Ancient Greek philosophy started in the 6th century BC and continued during the Hellenistic period and Roman Empire. 

Philosophy is a way to think about the world. The term was invented in Greece. Then it included the natural sciences, maths, politics, and ethics.

Greek philosophy is one of the foundations of Western culture. It has been a basis for thinking in Rome, Islamic philosophy, the Renaissance and the Age of Enlightenment. Greek philosophy may have been somewhat influenced by the ancient Near East. 

Some of the most important early philosophers are Socrates, Aristotle, and Plato. Alexander the Great learned Greek philosophy before conquering the Persian Empire.

Many philosophers thought mathematics was important to all knowledge, and Euclid was one of the founders of mathematical thought. He wrote a famous book on geometry now called "Euclid's Elements".

Many sophists were active, including Protagoras. They are known mostly from what Socrates said against them.

Pythagoras may have been a mystic or a rationalist. We do not know that much about him. He is known for the Pythagorean theorem.

Socrates (c.470–399 BC) may have been born in Athens in the 5th century BC. We only know of him through the writing of Plato and others. Athens was a center of learning. People went there to talk about ideas. 
However, their criticism of the elite had consequences. Athens was an important city and, naturally, it had significant trade and politics. 

Socrates was killed in 399 BC (see Trial of Socrates). In his speech (presented by Plato), he says the accusations were made by people who were jealous of him. He refused to defend himself. 

He was the founder of political philosophy.
It was his habit to ask questions rather than to give conclusions. Many of his conversations end without a conclusion. He is known for this Socratic method. 

Socrates taught that no one wants what is bad. So if anyone does something bad, it must be unintentional, out of ignorance. He concludes that all virtue is knowledge. He often talks about his own ignorance.
Plato's dialogues, and Aristotle, influenced the Roman empire, the Islamic Golden Age, and the Renaissance.

Plato was from Athens. He came a generation after Socrates. He wrote thirty-six dialogues and thirteen letters to Socrates, though some may be fake.

Plato's dialogues have Socrates. Along with Xenophon, Plato is the primary source of information about Socrates' life. Socrates was known for irony and not often giving own opinions. 

Plato wrote the "Republic", the "Laws", and the "Statesman". The Republic says there will not be justice in cities unless they are ruled by philosopher kings; those who enforcing the laws should treat their women, children, and property in common; and the individual should tell noble lies to promote the common good. The "Republic" says that such a city is likely impossible as it thinks philosophers would refuse to rule and the people would refuse to be ruled by philosophers.

Plato is known for his theory of forms. It says that there are non-physical abstract ideas that have the highest form and most real kind of reality.

Aristotle moved to Athens in 367 BC and began to study philosophy. He studied at Plato's Academy. He left Athens twenty years later to study botany and zoology. He became a teacher of Alexander the Great and returned to Athens ten years later to create his own school: the Lyceum. At least twenty-nine of his books have survived, known as the "corpus Aristotelicum." He wrote about logic, physics, optics, metaphysics, ethics, rhetoric, politics, poetry, botany, and zoology.

Aristotle disagreed with his teacher Plato. He criticizes the governments in Plato's "Republic" and "Laws", and refers to the theory of forms as "empty words and poetic metaphors." He cares more about empirical observation and practical concerns.

Aristotle was not that famous during the Hellenistic period, when Stoic logic was still popular. But later people popularized his work, which influenced Islamic, Jewish, and Christian philosophy. Avicenna referred to him simply as "the Master"; Maimonides, Alfarabi, Averroes, and Aquinas referred to him as "the Philosopher."

During the hellenistic and Roman periods, many different schools of thought developed in the the Greco-Roman world. Greeks, Romans, Egyptians, Syrians and Arabs contributed. Persian philosophy and Indian philosophy also had an influence. 

The spread of Christianity followed by the spread of Islam spread Hellenistic philosophy. It influenced the three Abrahamic traditions: Jewish philosophy, Christian philosophy, and early Islamic philosophy.

During the Middle Ages, Greek ideas were largely forgotten in Western Europe due to the migration period, which caused a decline in literacy. In the Byzantine Empire Greek ideas were kept and studied. 

After the expansion of Islam, the Abbasid caliphs started translating Greek philosophy. Islamic philosophers such as Al-Kindi (Alkindus), Al-Farabi (Alpharabius), Ibn Sina (Avicenna) and Ibn Rushd (Averroes) reinterpreted these works. During the High Middle Ages Greek philosophy re-entered the West through translations from Arabic to Latin and also from the Byzantine Empire. 

The re-introduction of these philosophies, plus new Arabic commentaries, had great influence on medieval philosophers such as Thomas Aquinas. Some Arab translators threw away books that disagreed with Islam. For example, Al-Mansur Ibn and Abi Aamir burned the Al-hakam II Library in Córdoba in 976.


Amelyn Veloso

Amelyn Jean Veloso (April 25, 1974 – August 24, 2017) was a Filipina broadcast journalist of CNN Philippines. She was the anchor of morning show New Day, Morning Newsroom, and public service program Serbisyo All Access. She was born in Cebu City, Philippines.

She was a co-anchor of "Solar Daybreak" from 7 January 2013 until her death in 2017. until 2014. 

On August 24, 2017, Veloso died due to complications from liver cancer in Manila at the age of 42.

Michał Żebrowski

Michał Jan Żebrowski (born 17 June 1972) is a Polish actor and dramatist. He owns the theater 6 Piętro.

Żebrowski was born in Warsaw, Poland.

Lorain, Ohio

Lorain is a city in Lorain County, Ohio, United States. The city is located in northeastern Ohio on Lake Erie. It is about 30 miles west of Cleveland. As of the 2020 census, the city had a total population of 65,211, making it Ohio's ninth largest city, the third largest in Greater Cleveland, and the largest in Lorain County by population.

Solar eclipse of August 21, 2017

A total solar eclipse happened on August 21, 2017. It could be seen in the United States. A partial eclipse could be seen from northern Canada to northern South America, and in northwestern Europe, northwestern Africa, and the most eastern part of Asia.

East Lancs EL2000

The East Lancs EL2000 is single-decker bus body built by East Lancashire Coachbuilders from 1989 to 1996 .

It could be built on the Volvo B10M, Volvo B6, Dennis Falcon, Dennis Dart, Dennis Lance, Scania K93 and Scania N113 chassis

It's had various facelifts through the years


Jay Thomas

Jon Thomas Terrell (July 12, 1948 – August 24, 2017), professionally known as Jay Thomas, was an American actor, comedian, and radio talk show host. 

His well known television work included his role as Remo DaVinci on "Mork & Mindy" (1979–81), the recurring role of Eddie LeBec on "Cheers" (1987–89), the lead character Jack Stein on "Love & War" (1992–95), and a repeat guest role as Jerry Gold on "Murphy Brown". 

Thomas won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Guest Actor in a Comedy Series in 1990 and 1991 for playing Gold.

In 1997, he starred in the television movie "Killing Mr. Griffin", based on the novel of the same name. In movie, he co-starred in "Mr Holland's Opus" and portrayed The Easter Bunny in "The Santa Clause 2" and "The Santa Clause 3". He was also an annual guest on "The Late Show with David Letterman" during the Christmas season. 

Beginning in 2005, he hosted "The Jay Thomas Show" on SiriusXM Satellite Radio, and was on every Friday afternoon on Howard 101.

Thomas died in Santa Barbara, California of throat cancer on August 24, 2017 at the age of 69.


Petorca Province

The Petorca Province () is one of eight provinces of the central Chilean region of Valparaíso (V). Its capital is the city of La Ligua.

The Petorca province is the largest province in the Valparaíso region with an area of .

The Petorca province is the most northern of the provinces of the region and is on the coast along the Pacific Ocean. It is bordered to the north by the Coquimbo region, to the east by the San Felipe de Aconcagua province, to the south by the Quillota province, and to the west by the Pacific Ocean.

 (last national census), there were 70,610 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is La Ligua, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 17,048 inhabitants.

As a province, Petorca is a second-level administrative division, consisting of six communes ("comunas"). The city of La Ligua serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.



Jack Rosenthal (journalist)

Jacob "Jack" Rosenthal (30 June 1935 – 23 August 2017) was a Pulitzer Prize-winning American journalist, editor and executive. He was born in Tel Aviv during Mandatory Palestine. He was best known for his work at "The New York Times". In 1982, he won the Pulitzer Prize for distinguished editorial writing on national politics and social policy.

Rosenthal was the president of "The New York Times" Company Foundation from 2000 to 2009. Thereafter, he was a senior fellow at The Atlantic Philanthropies from 2010 to 2014.

Rosenthal died on 23 August 2017 in Manhattan, New York of complications from pancreatic cancer at the age of 82.

Alan Boswell

Alan Henry Boswell (8 August 1943 – 24 August 2017) was an English football goalkeeper who made 479 league and cup appearances in a 12-year career in the English Football League. He was born in Walsall, England.

He began his career at Walsall in 1961, before moving on to Shrewsbury Town in 1963. He spent five years at the club, before winning a move to First Division club Wolverhampton Wanderers in 1968. The next year he moved on to Bolton Wanderers, before signing with Port Vale in July 1972. He left Vale Park in May 1974, and later turned out for Oswestry Town.

Boswell died on 24 August 2017 at the age of 74.

Alan Sayers

Alan John Sayers (6 December 1915 – 19 August 2017) was a New Zealand journalist, photographer and athlete. He was born Onehunga, New Zealand. 

Sayers represented "The New Zealand Herald" prior to World War II. When the war was over he was invited to join the "Auckland Star" where he was the first reporter in New Zealand to receive a personal by-line. In 1953 he was an official journalist on the tour of Queen Elizabeth 11 to the Pacific Islands and New Zealand.

Sayers died in Auckland on 19 August 2017 at the age of 101.

Anne-Aymone Giscard d'Estaing

Anne-Aymone Giscard d'Estaing, born Anne-Aymone Marie Josèphe Christiane Sauvage de Brantès on 10 April 1933 in Paris), is the widow of 20th President of France Valéry Giscard d'Estaing.

Bernadette Chirac

Bernadette Thérèse Marie Chirac (born Bernadette Thérèse Marie Chodron de Courcel; 18 May 1933) is a French politician and the widow of the former President Jacques Chirac.

Since 2001, Bernadette has been a leading member of the "Pièces Jaunes" (Yellow Coins), a charity that aids children in French hospitals by collecting small change. On 3 September 2007, she became the president of the "Fondation Claude-Pompidou" (Claude Pompidou Foundation), following the death of its founder, Claude Pompidou.

She also helped her husband's being elected in 1995 and is herself an elected official in Corrèze, the couple's home "département".



Brigitte Macron

Brigitte Marie-Claude Macron (; "née" Trogneux, , previously Auzière, ; born 13 April 1953) is the wife and former high school teacher of Emmanuel Macron, the President of the French Republic. 

In 2015, to help support her husband in his political career, she ended her career as a teacher of literature at the elite lycée Saint-Louis de Gonzague in Paris.

Macron ran for the city council of Truchtersheim in Bas-Rhin in 1989, but lost. It would be the only time she would run for office.

In 2017, Brigitte Macron played an active role in her husband's presidential campaign; a top adviser was quoted as saying that "her presence is essential for him". Emmanuel Macron stated that upon his winning of the French presidency, his wife "will have the role that she always had with me, she will not be hidden".

Mary Wilson, Baroness Wilson of Rievaulx

Gladys Mary Wilson, Lady Wilson of Rievaulx (12 January 1916 – 6 June 2018) was an English poet. She was the widow of Harold Wilson, who served as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom in the mid- to late-1960s and mid-1970s. Her birth name was Gladys Mary Baldwin. 

Private Eye regularly published satirical pages under the title "Mrs Wilson's diary" in the 1960s when she was living in Downing Street with Harold. It was in the style of the BBC radio serial "Mrs Dale's Diary." In 1969 it was made into a movie. 

In 1970 her volume of poetry, "Selected Poems", was published and in 1976 Wilson was one of three judges of the Man Booker Prize, the other judges being Walter Allen and Francis King.

In 2013, aged 97, she attended the funeral of Margaret Thatcher.

In 2016, she became the first spouse of a British prime minister to turn 100.

Wilson died on 6 June 2018, of a stroke, in London at age 102. She is the longest-lived spouse of a British prime minister in history. 

Clarissa Eden

Anne Clarissa Eden, Dowager Countess of Avon ("née" Spencer-Churchill; 28 June 1920 – 15 November 2021) was the widow of Anthony Eden, 1st Earl of Avon (1897–1977), who was British Prime Minister from 1955 to 1957. 

She married Eden in 1952, becoming Lady Eden in 1954 when he was made a Knight of the Garter, and then becoming Countess of Avon in 1961 on her husband's elevation to the peerage. She is also the niece of the prime minister Winston Churchill.

Her memoir, sub-titled "From Churchill to Eden", was published in 2007 under the name of Clarissa Eden.

Eden turned 100 in June 2020. She died on 15 November 2021, aged 101.


Double Dutchess

Double Dutchess is the second studio album, by American singer-songwriter Fergie. It was released on September 22, 2017. The album will be Fergie's first to be released on her own imprint Dutchess Music, a partnership with BMG Rights Management, and first since her debut album, "The Dutchess" (2006).

The album's fourth single, "You Already Know", featuring Nicki Minaj, was made available for purchase on August 25, 2017. It will be released onto Mainstream and Rhythmic radio on September 12, 2017.


÷ (album)

÷ (pronounced "divide") is the third studio album by English singer-songwriter Ed Sheeran. It was released on 3 March 2017 through Asylum Records and Atlantic Records. "Castle on the Hill" and "Shape of You" were released as the album's lead singles on 6 January 2017.
both the album's lead singles.

"÷" received generally positive reviews from music critics.

Notes

Adapted from AllMusic.

Neunkirchen, Saarland

Neunkirchen is a town-municipality in Saarland, Germany. It is the capital ("Kreisstadt") of Neunkirchen District.

It had about 46,000 people in 2016.

Neunkirchen lies at an altitude of 252 m, on the Blies river, and about 20 km northeast of Saarbrücken.

It is the biggest settlement of Saarland after Saarbrücken.


Sør-Varanger

Sør-Varanger (Northern Sami: Máttá-Várjjat, "Kven": Etelä-Varenki, Finnish: Etelä-Varanki, Russian: Сёр-Вара́нгер) is a municipality in the county of Finnmark, Norway. The administrative centre of the municipality is the town of Kirkenes. Located west of the Norway–Russia border, Sør-Varanger is the only Norwegian municipality that shares a land border with Russia, with the only legal border crossing at Storskog.

Geography: there are fjords in the municipality, including Langfjorden.

Road infrastructure: the E6 road has a bridge across Langfjorden (Finnmark): Strømmen bridge.

For some time until 1826, Sør-Varanger was a district that (at the same time) belonged to Russia and Norway; there was an Eastern Sami ("østsamisk") population; the population was under Russia's jurisdiction.

A part of Norway, it became in 1826.

Norway's government had a fear that the county could be lost to Finland or Russia; Finland was under Russian domination (or rule) during 1809 - 1918. Part of the fear was that Finnish-speaking Kven people would help Finland/Russia, to take Northern areas, away from [the government of] Norway.

During the 19th century, the area was colonized by Sámi from Norway; people from Finland; and Norwegians.

The mining industry in Kirkenes, and at Bjørnevatn, was started in 1906; the majority of the county's population then, were Norwegian.

The people that were Finnish, mostly [lived] at three settlements: Bugøynes in the West, Pasvik in the East, and at Neiden (between Bugøynes and Pasvik); those who spoke Finnish, were in majority (in these 3 settlements).

Media said in 2022's second quarter that the level of employment is 2,100 full-time positions.

[Around] 600 people (in 2022's first quarter) work in industries related to ships and boats, including delivering supplies and services including repairs; Kimek is one of the largest companies in the municipality.

Regarding the economy's benefit of trade related to Russians: media said in 2022, that around 300 jobs are directly dependent on "the co-operation with Russia", while 670 jobs have a "connection" with Russia.

Settlements in the municipality include the villages of Bjørnevatn, Bugøynes, Elvenes, Grense Jakobselv, Hesseng, Jakobsnes, Neiden, Sandnes and Kirkenes (a town).

The municipal council is elected until late 2027.



Hurricane Harvey

Hurricane Harvey was a 2017 tropical cyclone, the 8th named storm, 3rd hurricane, and the 1st major hurricane of the hyperactive 2017 Atlantic hurricane season. Harvey was also the 3rd consecutive hurricane of the 2017 Atlantic hurricane season—after Franklin and Gert. The storm went through the Caribbean and Mexico. It threatened southern Texas, particularly the Corpus Christi and Victoria areas. The storm struck the state as a Category 4 hurricane on August 25.

The storm was the first major hurricane to make landfall in the United States since Hurricane Wilma in twelve years earlier.

The storm first developed on August 17, 2017, from a tropical wave to the east of the Lesser Antilles. It faded into an open tropical wave on August 19. But on August 24, Harvey redeveloped into a tropical storm, and then strengthened into a hurricane. On August 25, Harvey rapidly strengthened into a Category 4 hurricane with maximum sustained winds of at least 130 mph, and it made landfall in Texas as a low-end Category 4 hurricane. On August 26, Harvey stalled and rapidly weakened into a tropical storm in just a few hours after making landfall, resulting of dumping heavy rainfall and caused major and catastrophic flooding in parts of southeastern Texas especially the Houston metropolitan area.

Harvey was the strongest hurricane to hit Texas since Hurricane Carla in 1961.

Damage from Harvey was set around $125 billion. This and Hurricane Katrina in 2005 are both tied as the costliest tropical cyclones on record in the Atlantic and the United States history. Harvey is the wettest tropical cyclone on record in the United States, especially in Texas with rainfall accumulations of over 60 inches.

The storm killed just over 100 people in Texas alone.

The name "Harvey" was retired in April 2018 by the World Meteorological Organization and was replaced with "Harold" for the 2023 Atlantic hurricane season.

Year 2038 problem

The Year 2038 problem could affect computers that store time as the number of seconds since 1st January 1970 at 00:00 UTC, using a 32-bit number.

The biggest number you can store this way is 2,147,483,647 seconds after 1 January 1970. This means 19th January 2038 at 03:14:07 UTC. The problem begins one second after this time. The computer will add 1 to this 32-bit number, and the computer will set the value to "negative" 2,147,483,648 seconds. This means 13th December 1901 at 20:45:52 UTC. Depending on how the computer has been programmed, the computer could behave incorrectly or even stop running.

A solution to this problem is to store the time in a 64-bit value, which will work for billions of years. Many computers already store the time in a 64-bit number. Computers that store time in a 32-bit number will need to be reprogrammed before 2038.

Charlie Robertson (mayor)

Charles H. Robertson (April 12, 1934 – August 24, 2017) was an American Democratic politician. He was mayor of York, Pennsylvania from 1994 to January 2002. In May 2001, Robertson was charged for a murder during the York race riots in July 1969, but was acquitted in October 2002.

Robertson died of cancer on August 24, 2017 in York, Pennsylvania at the age of 83.

Kai Linnilä

Kai Linnilä (23 July 1942 – 24 August 2017) was a Finnish editor and writer. He was born in Oulu, Finland. He is the husband of the novelist Kaari Utrio. He takes responsibility for the importation and marketing of cigars and pipes in the Oy Amanita Ltd, the Utrios' family-owned company.

His best known works are "Isoäidin kermakakku" ("The Grandmother's Cream Cake"), "Oman äidin lihapullat" ("The Own Mother's Meat Balls"), "Punainen tupa ja erämaa. Rikkaan arjen allakka" ("The Red Cottage and the Wilds. The Almanac of Rich Everyday Life") (with Seppo Saraspää), "Wanhan ajan joulu" ("Christmas of the Old Time"), Olaus Magnus: "Suomalaiset pohjoisten kansojen historiassa" ("Finnish People in the History of Nordic Folks") (edited) and "Linnut" ("The Birds").


Engelbert Jarek

Engelbert Jarek (7 June 1935 – 23 August 2017) was a Polish footballer. He was born in Rokittnitz, Hindenburg O.S., German Empire . Jarek competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was known for managing and playing for Odra Opole.

Eduardo Angeloz

Eduardo César Angeloz (October 18, 1931 – August 23, 2017) was an Argentine politician. He was a presidential candidate and Governor of Córdoba from December 11, 1983 to December 11, 1995. He was born in Río Tercero, Córdoba.

Angeloz died on August 23, 2017 in Cordoba, Argentina from complications of a fall at the age of 85.

Sergio Zaniboni

Sergio Zaniboni (4 August 1937 – 18 August 2017) was an Italian comics artist and writer. He was especially known as the artist of numerous stories for "Diabolik". He was born in Turin, Italy. His son Paolo Zaniboni is also a comic book artist.

From 1972 he also he collaborates with "Il Giornalino", for which he produced "Il Campione" (a series set in the boxing world, written by Alberto Ongaro) and the police series "Tenente Marlo", with stories by Claudio Nizzi.


Arnold Koller

Arnold Koller (born 29 August 1933) is a Swiss politician. He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council (1986-1999).

He was elected to the Federal Council of Switzerland on 10 December 1986. He was member of the Christian Democratic People's Party of Switzerland from the canton of Appenzell Innerrhoden. He handed over office on 30 April 1999.

Koller was Chairman of the Board of the Forum of Federations from 2006 to 2010.

During his time in office he held the following departments:


He was President of the Confederation twice in 1990 and 1997.

Fürstenau, Switzerland

Fürstenau () is a municipality of the district of Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.


Grono, Switzerland

Grono is a municipality of the district Moesa in the Swiss canton of Graubünden. On 1 January 2017, the former municipalities of Leggia and Verdabbio merged into the municipality of Grono.

Guémar

Guémar is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Independence, Ohio

Independence is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, United States. The population was 7,584 at the 2020 Census.

Lawrence County, Ohio

Lawrence County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 58,240 people lived there. The county seat is Ironton.

Balmaseda

Balmaseda is a municipality in the province of Biscay in the autonomous community of the Basque Country in Spain.

Fairlawn, Ohio

Fairlawn is a city in Summit County, Ohio, United States, and a suburb of Akron. The population was 7,710 at the 2020 census.

Lightning Rod (roller coaster)

Lightning Rod is a wooden roller coaster located at Dollywood near Pigeon Forge, Tennessee. It is manufactured by Rocky Mountain Construction.

Lightning Rod is the world's first and only launched wooden roller coaster.

SheiKra

SheiKra is a roller coaster located at Busch Gardens Tampa Bay in Tampa, Florida. It is a Dive Coaster which means riders experience a moment of free fall. 

SheiKra was the first Dive Coaster. It is floorless and features a 90 degree drop.

Lin Jiamei

Lin Jiamei (; born 1924) is a Chinese civil servant. She is the widow of former Chinese president Li Xiannian. She was the First Lady of the People's Republic of China from 1983 to 1988.

Wang Yeping

Wang Yeping (, born February 12, 1928), is the wife of Jiang Zemin, former General Secretary of the Communist Party of China "de facto" paramount leader and President of the People's Republic of China ("de jure" head of state), and is a native of Yangzhou, Jiangsu.

Quillota Province

The Quillota Province () is one of eight provinces of the central Chilean region of Valparaíso (V). Its capital is the city of Quillota.

The Quillota province is the second smallest province in the Valparaíso region with an area of ; only the Isla de Pascua province is smaller.

The Quillota province is bordered to the north by the Petorca province, to the east by the San Felipe de Aconcagua province and the Santiago Metropolitan Region, and to the south and west by the Valparaíso province.

 (last national census), there were 175,917 people living in the province, giving it a population density of inhabitants/km².

The largest city of the province is Quillota, its capital, with a population, in 2002, of 62,231 inhabitants.

As a province, Quillota is a second-level administrative division, consisting of five communes ("comunas"). The city of Quillota serves as the provincial capital. The province is administered by a governor.

The "comunas" Limache (number 14 in the map) and Olmué (number 16 in the map) were transferred to the Marga Marga province in 2010.



Barneveld, Wisconsin

Barneveld is a village in Iowa County, Wisconsin. There is a public library called Barneveld Public Library.

On June 8, 1984, the city was hit by a deadly F5 tornado. After tornadoes broke out across the Midwest, including tornadoes that killed four people in Missouri and Iowa, a tornado watch was issued at 11:00 p.m. CT, but most residents had went to sleep. A line of thunderstorms entered Wisconsin from Iowa/Illinois border shortly after midnight. A sharp bolt of lightning followed by a loud clap of thunder cut power to the city, awakening residents. Nine people died, and two hundred were injured.

Jeannie Rousseau

Jeannie Rousseau (Viscomtesse de Clarens) (April 1, 1919 – August 23, 2017) was an Allied intelligence agent in occupied France during World War II. She was a member of Georges Lamarque's "Druids" network. Rousseau was born in Saint-Brieuc, France.

Codenamed AMNIARIX, she evaded Gestapo agents while gathering crucial information on the Germans' emerging rocket weapons programs from behind enemy lines. Her intelligence reports, forwarded to London, led directly to the British raid on Peenemünde and to delays and disruptions in the V-1 and V-2 programs, saving many thousands of lives in the West. 

Rousseau was captured twice and spent time in three concentration camps.

Rousseau died on 23 August 2017 in Montaigu, France, aged 98.

Sardinians

Sardinians (Sardinian: "Sardos" or "Sardus"; ) are the people native to the island of Sardinia, an autonomous region of Italy.

Sardinians are noted for the distinct Nuragic civilization in ancient times. They are also known for the indigenous language many still speak, Sardinian. Sardinian is quite separate from Italian and said to be one of the languages, if not the language, keeping most archaic features of ancient Latin. Sardinians have long been active to fight for the official recognition of autonomy in Italy and the protection of their cultural and environmental heritage.


Namborn

Namborn is a municipality in the district of Sankt Wendel in the state of Saarland, Germany.

Namborn is north of Sankt Wendel. It is southwest of Idar-Oberstein.

Sardinian language

Sardinian ("Sardu", "Limba" or "Lingua sarda") is a Romance language. It is native to the island of Sardinia, a Mediterranean island and autonomous region of Italy. About 1.2 million people speak Sardinian. The main dialects are Campidanese (Campidanian), Gallurese (Gallurian), Logudorese (Logudorian), and Sassarese (Sassarian). The standard version of the language is called Limba Sarda Comuna. 

Sardinian is often seen as the closest language to Latin. It fought for decades to get basic recognition by the Italian government.


Eure (river)

The Eure is a river in northwestern France. It is a left tributary of the Seine. The Eure and Eure-et-Loir departments are named after this river.

Its main tributaries are the Avre and the Iton.

Horst Sindermann

Horst Sindermann (September 5, 1915 in Dresden - April 20, 1990 in East Berlin) was a German communist politician.

Sindermann was a member of the Communist Party of Germany (KPD) till 1946, and afterwards a member of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany (SED).

During the war he was imprisoned in several concentration camps.

He was Prime Minister of East Germany from 1973 to 1976, and President of the Volkskammer from 1976 to 1989.


Abdul Kalam Vision India Party

Abdul Kalam Vision India Party is an Indian political party that was founded on 28 February 2016. The party was founded in the name of former president A.P.J. Abdul Kalam, by V. Ponraj, who was the scientific adviser to Bharat Ratna Dr. A.P.J. Abdul Kalam. However, the family of A.P.J. Abdul Kalam expressed their upset over the party using the Kalam's name and portrait as their symbols.

Preparation to the declaration of this political party, a two-day convention was held by United Vision India 2020, inviting V. Ponraj to lead a political party. The convention was conducted on 26 February 2016 without the presence of V. Ponraj and in the presence of V. Ponraj on 27 February 2016.This convention was conducted before the house of V. Ponraj at Thonugal village. The party has been started to achieve the vision 2020 of People's President - Bharat Ratna Dr. A.P.J.Abdul Kalam.

Dravida Kazhagam

Dravida Kazhagam (or Dravidar Kazhagam, "Dravidian Organization") was one of the first Dravidian parties in India. The party was founded by Periyar. Its original goals were to eradicate the ills of the existing caste system including untouchability and to obtain a "Dravida Nadu" (Dravidian nation) from the Madras Presidency i.e., a separate nation from India for Dravidian people alone.

Dravidar Kazhagam gave birth to many other political parties including Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam and All India Anna Dravida Munnetra Kazhagam. Dravidar Kazhagam is now headed by K.Veeramani.

The roots of the Dravidar Kazhagam lie in the Self-Respect Movement and Justice party, founded by Periyar E. V. Ramasamy. Periyar formed the Self-Respect Movement in 1925, breaking in the process from the Indian National Congress party, of which he had been a member until then. The Justice Party, formed in 1916, also claimed to promote similar interests. The two entities merged in 1938 under Periyar's leadership. The name was changed to Dravidar Kazhagam in 1944.

Its central theme was to remove the degraded status imposed on Dravidians, and to denote this, the party adopted a black flag with a red circle inside it, the black signifying their degradation and the red denoting the movement for upliftment.It opposed Brahminical social, political and ritual dominance, and aimed to form a separate country of Dravida Nadu, to include either all of South India or the predominantly Tamil-speaking regions.

Mika Brzezinski

Mika Emilie Leonia Brzezinski (; born May 2, 1967) is an American news presenter and author who currently co-hosts MSNBC's weekday morning broadcast show "Morning Joe". Her father was National Secuity Advisor Zbigniew Brzezinski.

In early 2017, Brzezinski became engaged to her co-host Joe Scarborough. They were married in 2018.


Edward Rowny

Edward Leon Rowny (April 3, 1917 – December 17, 2017) was a United States Army Lieutenant General of Polish origin. He was a commanding officer in World War II and Korea, a military advisor to five U.S. presidents and a negotiator on the Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (START).

Rowny died in Washington, D.C. on December 17, 2017 of cardiomyopathy at the age of 100.


Adam Wójcik

Adam Wójcik (20 April 1970 – 26 August 2017) was a Polish professional basketball player. He was known as one of the all-time greats in Polish basketball. He was the all-time leading scorer of the Polish PLK with 10,087 points scored. He was born in Oława, Poland. He was known for playing for Prokom Sopot from 2004 through 2007.

Wójcik died of leukemia on 26 August 2017 in Wrocław, Poland at the age of 47.


Peter Weck

Peter Weck (born 12 August 1930) is an Austrian movie director and actor. He was born in Vienna, Austria. 

Weck was known for his movie roles in "Herzensfeinde" (2001; he directed it) and "Die Rosenkönigin" (2007). From 1983 through 1986, he starred as the television role of Werner Schuman in the German sitcom "Ich heirate eine Familie". Weck was known for directing "Help, I Love Twins" (1969). 

In 2004, he was awarded the Grand Decoration of Honour in Silver for Services to the Republic of Austria ("Grosses Silbernes Ehrenzeichen").

Grzegorz Miecugow

Grzegorz Miecugow (22 November 1955 – 26 August 2017) was a Polish television newscaster and journalist. He was born in Kraków, Poland. He was known for presenting the news programs "Wiadomości" and "Fakty TVN". He was also a frequent columnist for "Szkło Kontaktowe".

Miecugow died of cancer in Warsaw, Poland on 26 August 2017 at the age of 61.

Viola Harris

Viola Harris (July 5, 1926 – August 23, 2017) was an American actress. She was born in Baltimore, Maryland. She was known for roles in television, theater and movies from the 1950s to the 2010s. 

Harris has appeared in a number of movies including "The Other Guys", "Choke", "Deconstructing Harry" directed by Woody Allen and "Sex and the City 2".

In 2010, Harris starred in the short movie, "The Secret Friend", directed by Flavio Alves. Harris received positive reviews for her role in the movie.

Harris was married to actor Robert H. Harris until his death in 1981.

Harris died on August 23, 2017 at her home in New York City at age 91.

Grüsch

Grüsch is a municipality in the district Davos in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2011, the former municipalities of Fanas and Valzeina.


Athens County, Ohio

Athens County is a county of Ohio in the United States. In 2020, 62,431 people lived there. The county seat is Athens.

James Young Simpson

Sir James Young Simpson (born June 7, 1811 in Scotland) was a qualified doctor by the age of 21 but changed to work as a clerk, due to his traumatic reaction to witnessing mastectomies during his medical training. He sat in several lecture courses as a student, but the anatomical lecture by a Doctor Knox made him choose the career path of midwifery and obstetrics. He became a qualified professor of midwifery at the age of 29, in 1840.

Due to his traumatizing observations of surgery as a student, he decided to experiment with anesthetics. He tried using ether and chloroform, but refused to use ether due to its bad odor. He discovered the anesthetic properties of chloroform, using it in obstetrics, to make childbirth easier and safer. He also invented a new design for the forceps, to make them safer to use. They are now known as "Simpsons' forceps". He was one of the earliest doctors to use midwifes in hospitals. 

Chloroform was a good idea, as it put people to sleep, making surgical procedures safer, pain-free, and better for the individuals. It was recognized as an achievement when Queen Victoria herself received chloroform to give birth to her fourth child. :)

Libertarian National Committee

The Libertarian National Committee (L.N.C. or LNC) is a group of people who coordinate the activities of the U.S. Libertarian party in all fifty states. The L.N.C. headquarters is in the nation's capital, Washington, DC. It also has state Libertarian party headquarters in state capitals.

In 2018, Chairperson is Nicholas Sarwark of Arizona and the Vice Chair is Arvin Vohra.

The Libertarian National Committee is a separate entity from the "Libertarian National Congressional Committee", a Federal Elections Commission registered entity, now doing business as the "Libertarian National Campaign Committee."



Guevenatten

Guevenatten is a commune in the Haut-Rhin department of east France.

David Bergland

David Peter Bergland (June 4, 1935 – June 3, 2019) was an American politician. He was the United States Libertarian Party's nominee at the 1983 Libertarian National Convention for President of the United States in the 1984 presidential election.

Bergland died of prostate cancer on June 3, 2019, one day before his 84th birthday.


Nivigne et Suran

Nivigne et Suran is a commune in the Ain department in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region of east France. It started on January 1, 2017 and has the former communes of Chavannes-sur-Suran and Germagnat in it.

Nicholas Sarwark

Nicholas Sarwark (born August 27, 1979) is an American businessman and politician.

Sarwark is the chairman of the Libertarian National Committee (LNC), the executive body of the Libertarian Party (LP) of the United States. Prior to his election to that position in 2014, he served on several of the LP's national committees, as well as chair of the Libertarian Party of Maryland, and as vice chair of the Libertarian Party of Colorado.

Sarwark ran for Mayor of Phoenix in the 2018 mayoral election.

Yingluck Shinawatra

Yingluck Shinawatra (, , ; born 21 June 1967), nicknamed Pu (, , meaning "crab"), is a Thai businesswoman and politician.

Shinawatra is a member of the Pheu Thai Party who became the 28th Prime Minister of Thailand following the 2011 general election. Yingluck was Thailand's first female Prime Minister and its youngest in over 60 years. Also, she holds the distinction as the world's first female of Chinese descent to have had led the government of a UN member state. 

Shinawatra was removed from office on 7 May 2014 by a Constitutional Court decision that found her guilty on a charge of abuse of power.

On 2 September 2017, media said that "A search team has been set up to locate her and bring her before the Supreme Court, which issued a warrant for her arrest, to hear its ruling on Sept 27. The ex-premier faces a possible 10-year jail term if convicted of criminal negligence related to her government’s rice-pledging scheme".

Englewood, Ohio

Englewood is a city in Montgomery County, Ohio, United States. It is a northern suburb of Dayton. The population was 13,463 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Dayton Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Leukbach

The Leukbach is a river of Saarland, Germany. It is 15 m long. The drainage basin is 87.9 km².

Tigrinya language

Tigrinya (sometimes written as"Tigrigna"; ; ) is an Afroasiatic language of the Ethiopian Semitic branch. It is mostly spoken in Eritrea and northern Ethiopia. There are approximately 6,915,000 total speakers of this language. There are approximately 4,320,000 in Ethiopia and approximately 2,540,000 in Eritrea. Tigrinya is also spoken by emigrants from these regions, including some Ethiopian Jews.

The earliest written example of Tigrinya is a text of local laws found in Logosarda district, Southern Region, Eritrea. It is from the 13th century.

Tigrinya is related to the Ethiopian Semitic language Ge'ez. However, Tigrinya has a different word order than Ge'ez, and there are some more differences in grammar. However, the two languages have similar phonology and morphology, which show they are related. Ge'ez has influenced Tigrinya literature, especially with words about Christian life. Until recent times, Ge'ez was used for writing more often than Tigrinya was. When the British ruled Eritrea, there was a newspaper written in Tigrinya.

Tigrinya was one of Eritrea's official languages while it was part of Ethiopia; in 1958 it was replaced with the language Amharic. During the rule of Emperor Haile Selassie (1930-1974), publications in Tigrinya were banned. When Selassie lost power, Amharic remained the standard language. In 1991, Eritrea became independent from Ethiopia. Tigrinya was the "working language" in Eritrea.

There are 6,915,000 total Tigrinya speakers. Of these, approximately 4,320,000 live in Ethiopia. Most Tigrinya speakers in Ethiopia live in the Tigray region. There are approximately 2,540,000 Tigrinya speakers in Eritrea. Most of these live in the southern and central areas of the country. There are also over 10,000 Beta Israel speakers of Tigrinya.

Tigrinya is the fourth most spoken language in Ethiopia after Amharic, Oromo, Somali and the most widely spoken language in Eritrea. It is also spoken by immigrants around the world. In Australia, Tigrinya is broadcast on public radio on the Special Broadcasting Service.

There are two dialects of Tigrinya: Northern and Southern.

Northern Dialect
Southern Dialect

Tigrinya has a set of ejective consonants and seven vowels.

A Tigrinya syllable may have a consonant-vowel or a consonant-vowel-consonant sequence.

Tigrinya is written in the Ge'ez script (Ethiopic script), which was originally developed for the Ge'ez language. The Ge'ez script is an abugida. Each symbol represents a consonant+vowel syllable.

Note: Symbols falling into disuse in Tigrinya are shown with a dark gray background in the table.



Look What You Made Me Do

"Look What You Made Me Do" is a song recorded by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It is the first single from her sixth studio album, "Reputation". The song was released on August 25, 2017, along with the pre-order of the album. The song uses the rhythm of the 1991 song "I'm Too Sexy" by Right Said Fred. Because of this, the songwriters of that song are credited. This song is the first single released by Swift in almost a year, since "I Don't Wanna Live Forever" with British singer Zayn Malik in 2016.

In the US, the song became Swift's fifth chart-topper when it jumped from number 77 to number one in its second week on the "Billboard" Hot 100. The song entered at the top of the charts in Canada, Australia, and the UK, becoming Swift's first UK number-one hit. It was also number one in Spain and New Zealand.

The RIAA certified the song triple-platinum for shipments of three million copies across the US.

Swift worked again with director Joseph Kahn on the video for "Look What You Made Me Do". Throughout it, there are scenes of Swift throughout different eras of her career, such as the glasses-and-T-shirt look in the video for "You Belong with Me", holding a Moonman and microphone (referring to Kanye West interrupting her speech at the 2009 MTV Video Music Awards), and her popular silver glitter guitar. A scene of Swift in a bathtub full of diamonds was controversial because some critics thought it referred to the 2016 Paris robbery of West's wife, Kim Kardashian, in which diamonds were stolen.

Reputation (Taylor Swift album)

Reputation is the sixth studio album by American singer-songwriter Taylor Swift. It is her first studio album in nearly three years, after "1989" in 2014. The first single, "Look What You Made Me Do", was released on August 25, 2017, along with the pre-order of "Reputation".

Target Corporation released the album along with two versions of a magazine: a Volume 1 bundle and a Volume 2 bundle.

Taylor Swift sang songs from the album on the Reputation Stadium Tour.


The album sold over 925,000 copies in the United States alone in the first weekend of its release. It is set to be the best-selling album released in 2017. It also sold 700,000 copies in its first day. In total, the album sold over 1,238,000 copies in its first week in the United States alone. It sold 81,000 copies in its first week in Canada.

"Reputation" entered the "Billboard" 200 album chart at number one. It entered at number one in Australia, Canada, and the UK.

Murder of Adam Walsh

Adam John Walsh was a 6-year-old boy from Hollywood, Florida, United States. He was the son of John Walsh. On July 27, 1981, he was with his mother at the Hollywood Mall watching two older boys play video games. He was kidnapped. His head was found two weeks later on August 10, 1981. Ottis Toole was convicted of his murder. This led to John creating a new television series called "America's Most Wanted".

Amsterdam (city), New York

Amsterdam is a city in Montgomery County, New York, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 18,219. The name is influenced from the city of Amsterdam in the Netherlands.

The city of Amsterdam is surrounded on the north, east, and west sides by the town of Amsterdam. The city developed on both sides of the Mohawk River, with the majority located on the north bank. The Port Jackson area on the south side is also part of the city.

Dan Rattiner

Dan Rattiner (born August 15, 1939) is an American journalist and newspaper publisher.

In 1965, Rattiner co-founded the Manhattan-based underground newspaper "The East Village Other" with Walter Bowart, Allan Katzman, and John Wilcock. He also founded "The Block Island Times" in 1970. Rattiner hosted a weekly radio show, "The Hamptons Report", on WQXR for six years during the 1990s.

On April 24, 2015, Rattiner announced his plans to run for President of the United States as an Independent in the 2020 presidential elections.

Izak Parviz Nazarian

Izak Parviz Nazarian (February 24, 1929 – August 23, 2017) was a Iranian-born American billionaire businessman, investor and philanthropist. He was a managing partner of Omninet Capital, an investment company. He was born in a Tehran ghetto. He was Jewish.

In 2003, Nazarian founded the Citizens Empowerment Center in Israel (CECI), a non-partisan organization which promotes election reform in Israel.

He had no college degree. However, he later on received an honory degree from Tel Aviv University for his philantrophic efforts for the institution.

Nazarian founded Magbit Foundation Los Angeles which helps students struggling to finish college.

Nazarian died on August 23, 2017 in Los Angeles, California at the age of 88.

Tobe Hooper

Willard Tobe Hooper (January 25, 1943 – August 26, 2017) was an American movie director, screenwriter, and producer. Hooper best known for his work in the horror movie genre; his most recognized movie include "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" and "Poltergeist". 

Stuart Heritage of "The Guardian" described "The Texas Chain Saw Massacre" as "one of the most influential films ever made".

Hooper’s first novel, "Midnight Movie", was published on Three Rivers Press in 2011.

Hooper died in Sherman Oaks, Los Angeles on August 26, 2017 at the age of 74, and is survived by one son.

John A. Allison IV

John A. Allison IV (born August 14, 1948) is an American businessman and the former CEO and president of the Cato Institute in Washington, D.C.. Allison held a number of leadership positions in BB&T Corp. from 1987 until 2010 when he retired. He now serves as a director at Moelis & Company.


Park and ride

Park and ride facilities are parking lots with public transport connections. They allow people to leave their vehicles and travel on a bus, train or carpool for the remainder of the journey. Park and rides are usually in the suburbs of metropolitan areas or on the outer edges of large cities.

Park and ride are shown as "P+R" on road signs in the UK.

Taxicab stand

A taxicab stand (also called taxi rank, cab stand, taxi stand, cab rank, or hack stand) is a queue area on a street or on private property where taxicabs line up to wait for passengers.

Stands are normally located at airports, hotel driveways, railway stations, subway stations, bus depots, ferry terminals, shopping centres, and major street intersections. Usually stands are marked by simple painted signs. 

Stands generally work as a first-come, first-served queue, so that the first taxicab to arrive on the stand (the one at the front of the line) serves the first passenger to arrive, and as the first taxicab leaves, each taxicab behind it moves ahead one spot, with the last taxicab to arrive taking the last spot.

Request stop

A request stop, flag stop, or whistle stop is a stop, railway station or airport at which buses, trains or airline flights respectively stop only on request; only if there are passengers or freight to be picked up or dropped off.

Eugene Burger

Eugene Burger (June 1, 1939 – August 8, 2017) was an American magician. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He was known for his close-up skills and his work in mentalism and bizarre magic. He was also a philosopher and a historian of religion.

Burger died of liver cancer in Chicago on August 8, 2017 at the age of 78.


Wilson das Neves

Wilson das Neves (June 14, 1936 – August 26, 2017) was a Brazilian percussionist and singer. He was born in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. He was a key figure in the history of Brazilian music.

He played with many of Brazil's greatest musicians across many decades and featured on numerous important recordings. He was a very important artist specially for Brazilian Popular Music as a sambista (those who do samba), composer and instrumentist, with over 50 years dedicated to music. He can be heard in over 600 records from the greatest Brazilian artists.

das Neves died of colorectal cancer on August 26, 2017 in Rio de Janeiro at the age of 81.


Yitzhak Pundak

Yitzhak Pundak, born Yitzhak Fundik (; 13 June 1913 – 27 August 2017), was an Israeli general, diplomat and politician. He turned 100 in June 2013. He was born in Kraków, Poland.

He moved to Mandatory Palestine in 1933.

Pundak received his first senior diplomatic point in November 1965, when he was made the Israeli ambassador to Tanzania. He later served as the ambassador responsible for Guatemala and El Salvador, and as the head of the Jewish Agency's delegation to Argentina at the height of the Dirty War.

He was also involved in local politics.

Pundak died in Tel Aviv, Israel at the age of 104.

Rail replacement bus service

A rail replacement bus service are buses that replace passenger train services. Rail replacement bus services are used if railway lines are being repaired or if railway stations are being upgraded.

Ocean Master

Ocean Master (Orm Marius) is a fictional character, a supervillain published by DC Comics, and the brother of Aquaman. He was created by Nick Cardy and Bob Haney. 

Ocean Master was Aquaman's fully human half-brother, the son of Tom Curry (Aquaman's father) and a woman named Mary O'Sullivan. He becomes a villain because he grows jealous of Aquaman and how he becomes King of Atlantis. Ocean Master is full human. He later has amnesia and disappears. Several years later, the self-named Orm Marius reappeared as the Ocean Master, a high-tech pirate who initially attacked ships but quickly moved on to causing natural disasters in order to hold the world at ransom. 

Ocean Master made his first movie appearance in the 2018 movie "Aquaman" played by Patrick Wilson.


Optare CityPacer

The Optare CityPacer was a step-entrance minibus that was built by Optare between 1985 and 1992. It was based on a Volkswagen LT55 van chassis and around 300 were produced.


Luis Ocaña

Jesús Luis Ocaña Pernía (9 June 1945 – 19 May 1994) was a Spanish road bicycle racer. He won the 1973 Tour de France and the 1970 Vuelta a España. He was born in Priego, Cuenca, Spain.

Ocaña died in Nogaro, France at the age of 48.

Optare Soroco

The Optare Soroco was a step-entrance minicoach body that was built by Optare between 2008 and 2012. It was built for Mercedes-Benz Sprinter chassis.


Christian Reformed Church in North America

The Christian Reformed Church (CRC) includes just over one thousand congregations across the United States and Canada. About 75 percent of the churches are in the United States; 25 percent are in Canada. It is one of only a few binational denominations: rather than split into different churches at the 49th parallel, it is united. Almost 300,000 people belong to the CRCNA—not a large number when you consider the population of the two countries.

Pedro Pedrossian

Pedro Pedrossian (13 August 1928 – 22 August 2017) was a Brazilian politician. He was born in Miranda, Mato Grosso do Sul, Brazil.

Pedrossian was a member of the Party of National Mobilization. He served two terms as the Governor of Mato Grosso do Sul. The first term, from 1980 to 1983, was an appointed role, before being elected to office in 1991. His term ended in 1994. 

Pedrossian also served as the Governor of Mato Grosso between 1966 and 1971. 

Pedrossian died on 22 August 2017 in Campo Grande, Brazil of heart failure at the age of 89.

Josef Musil

Josef Musil (3 July 1932 – 26 August 2017) was a Czech volleyball player. He won two Olympic medals, one bronze and a silver medal, in 1964 and 1968. He also won five world and three European championships medals in 1952–1967. He was born in Kostelní Lhota, Okres Nymburk, Czechoslovakia.

Musil died on 26 August 2017 in Prague, Czech Republic of a heart attack at the age of 85.


Ebrahim Yazdi

Ebrahim Yazdi (26 September 1931 – 27 August 2017) was an Iranian politician and diplomat. He served as deputy prime minister and minister of foreign affairs in the interim government of Mehdi Bazargan, until his resignation in November 1979, in protest at the Iran hostage crisis. From 1995 until 2017, he headed the Freedom Movement of Iran.

Yazdi was arrested in December 1997 for "desecrating religious sanctities" and freed on 26 December on bail. On 17 June 2009, during the 2009 Iranian election protests, it was reported that Yazdi was arrested while undergoing tests at the Tehran hospital according to the Freedom Movement of Iran website. On 22 June, he was released back to the hospital for a medical procedure. On 28 December 2009, Yazdi was arrested again in the wake of renewed protests.

Yazdi and several others were arrested on 1 October 2010 in Isfahan for participating in an "illegal Friday prayer." All others were freed within days. He was released in April 2011.

Yazdi died of pancreatic cancer at the age of 85 in Izmir, Turkey on 27 August 2017.


Vance Trimble

Vance Harrison Trimble (July 6, 1913 – June 16, 2021) was an American journalist and writer. He was born in Harrison, Arkansas. He won the 1960 Pulitzer Prize for National Reporting.

Trimble was known for his national reporting about nepotism and payroll abuse in the U.S. Congress. In his life, Trimble has worked in the newspaper business for over fifty years. Trimble was inducted into the Oklahoma Journalism Hall of Fame in 1974. He has published numerous books since his retirement.

Trimble turned 100 in July 2013. He lived in Wewoka, Oklahoma. Trimble died on June 16, 2021 at the age of 107.


Divo

Ivan Andres "Divo" Ramirez is a Canadian hip hop recording artist based in Toronto. Divo has released several albums featuring D. O., Classified, Dan-e-o, Eternia, D-Sisive and DL Incognito. In 2016, Divo's fourth album "Transatlantic Soul" won East Coast Rap Album of the Year at the Canadian Urban Television Hip Hop Awards.

Divo was born in Guatemala in 1980 and later moved with his family to Canada. In 1999, Divo released his debut hip hop music album, "Sparks of Friction". His second album, released in 2003 was titled "The Evolution Theory", followed by "This Iz Bizness" in 2004. In 2015, Divo released his fourth album, "Transatlantic Soul" which won East Coast Rap Album of the Year at the 2016 Canadian Urban Television Hip Hop Awards. "Transatlantic Soul" was shown in the Pan Am Path music compilation during the Pan American Games, 2015.

Divo is also known for creating his own album artwork for "Transatlantic Soul" and Classified's Boy-Cott-In the Industry and Hitch Hikin Music.

Elena Anaya

Elena Anaya Gutiérrez (born July 17, 1975) is a Spanish actress.

Her career dates back to 1995. She starred alongside Antonio Banderas in Pedro Almodóvar's "The Skin I Live In", for which she won the Goya award for Best Actress. She is also known for her roles in "Habitación en Roma" "(Room in Rome)" and "Wonder Woman" as Doctor Poison.

Anaya is a lesbian. In November 2016, it was announced that Anaya was expecting her first child with her partner, Tina Afugu Cordero, a costume designer. In February 2017, Anaya gave birth to their son.


Doctor Poison

Doctor Poison is the name of two fictional characters, supervillains who appear in DC Comics publications and related media. Both villains were members of the super-villain team Villainy, Inc. and have appeared as major recurring enemies for Wonder Woman.

The Princess Maru incarnation of Doctor Poison first appeared in "Sensation Comics" #2 and was created by William Moulton Marston and Harry G. Peter. The second Doctor Poison first appeared in "Wonder Woman" Vol. 2 #151 and was created by Eric Luke and Matthew Clark.

The original Princess Maru incarnation of the character made her first movie appearance in "Wonder Woman" (2017), played by Spanish actress Elena Anaya.


Pierre-Emerick Aubameyang

Pierre-Emerick Emiliano François Aubameyang (born 18 June 1989) is a Gabonish football player. He plays for Premier League club Chelsea as a striker. 

On May 19, 2022, Patrick-Emerick Aubameyang officially announced his international retirement after 73 caps and 30 goals scored.

Afridun Amu

Afridun Amu was the first Afghan athlete to internationally represent Afghanistan in surfing. He participated in the International Surfing Association World Surfing Games in Biarritz, France in May 2017. Amu also won the first official Afghan surfing championship for men in 2015 in Ericeira, Portugal.

Amu was born in Kabul, Afghanistan on June 23, 1987. He spent his childhood in Moscow, Russia, where his father worked as a diplomat. His family moved to Germany as political refugees in 1992. He graduated in law, cultural science and design thinking. He works as an expert in Constitutional law at the Max Planck Foundation for International Peace and the Rule of Law and is a lecturer on Design thinking at the Hasso Plattner Institute.

Kven language

The Kven language is a Finnic language spoken in northern Norway by the Kven people. 

In 2005 the language was officially given minority status in Norway. This was for political and historical reasons. The European Charter for Regional or Minority Languages has rules for the signs of a minority language. Linguistically, however, it is seen as a mutually intelligible dialect of the Finnish language. Because of this it is grouped together with the Peräpohjola dialects, such as Meänkieli, spoken in Torne Valley in Sweden.

Kven people

Kvens (Kven language/Finnish: "kveeni", Norwegian: "kvener", Northern Sami: "kveanat") or Kven people are a Finnic ethnic minority in Norway. They are descendants from Finnish peasants and fishermen who moved from the northern parts of Finland and Sweden to Northern Norway in the 18th and 19th centuries. 

In 1996, the government of Norway officially said that Kvens were a minority group. In 2005, Norway officially made Kven language a minority language.

Jamie Dimon

James Dimon (; born March 13, 1956) is an American business executive. He is chairman, president and chief executive officer of JPMorgan Chase, largest of the Big Four American banks. He served on the Board of Directors of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.

Dimon was named to "Time" magazine's 2006, 2008, 2009, and 2011 lists of the world's 100 most influential people. He was also named to "Institutional Investor"s Best CEOs list in the All-America Executive Team Survey from 2008 through 2011.

Dimon was diagnosed with throat cancer in 2014. In March 2020, Dimon had “emergency heart surgery.”

Lenke Lorán

Lenke Lorán (1 May 1927 – 27 August 2017) was a Hungarian actress. She was born in Győr, Hungary. Her career began in 1935.

Lorán played mostly comedies, but he also had memorable shots in more serious characters. Her best known roles were in "Nyári játék", "Entanglement", and in "7-es csatorna".

Between 1945 and 1966, she was a member of the Theater of the Hungarian People's Army and the Petőfi Theater. Between 1966 and 1998, she played on the Amusement Stage. Between 1998 and 2011, she was a member of the Microscope Stage. She retired in 2014.

Lorán died of heart failure on 27 August 2017 in Budapest, Hungary at the age of 90.

Muzaffer İzgü

Muzaffer Izgü (29 October 1933 – 26 August 2017) was a Turkish writer and teacher. He was known for his children's books and works of humour, and had authored 154 books, 98 of which were for children. He was born in Adana, Turkey. His first book, "Gecekondu", was published in 1970 by Remzi Kitabevi. This was followed by "İlyas Efendi" (1971) and "Halo Dayı" (1972). 

"Radical Niyazi Bey" is a 2001 collection of his stories by Milet Books, in dual Turkish and English language translation by Damian Croft.

Izgü died on 26 August 2017 in İzmir, Turkey of liver cancer at the age of 83.

Mireille Darc

Mireille Darc (; Mireille Christiane Gabrielle Aimée Aigroz; 15 May 1938 – 28 August 2017) was a French model, director and actress. She was Alain Delon's longtime co-star and partner from 1968 to 1982. She was born in Toulon, France.

Darc appeared as a lead character in Jean-Luc Godard's 1967 movie "Week End". She was also known for her role as Christine in "Le Grand Blond avec une chaussure noire" and "Le retour du grand blond". Darc is a Chevalier of the Légion d'honneur and Commandeur of the Ordre national du Mérite.

Darc died at a Paris hospital while in a coma after suffering a stroke on 28 August 2017, aged 79.


Fábio Barreto

Fábio Villela Barreto Borges (June 6, 1957 – November 20, 2019) was a Brazilian movie director, actor, screenwriter, and movie producer. He was best known for directing and co-writing "Lula, o filho do Brasil", a biography based on President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva's early life.

Barreto slipped into a coma after being involved in a car accident in Rio de Janeiro in 2009. As of August 2014, is reported to be in a minimally conscious state. He died on November 20, 2019 after almost 10 years in a coma.

Jean-Pierre Adams

Jean-Pierre Adams (10 March 1948 – 6 September 2021) was a French footballer. He played as a central defender.

Adams started playing with RC Fontainebleau in 1967 as a striker, with whom he won the Championnat de France amateur twice. In 1970, he signed a contract with Nîmes Olympique, going on to remain in Ligue 1 for the following nine seasons, also representing in the competition OGC Nice and Paris Saint-Germain FC.

In the 1971–72 campaign, Adams contributed with four goals in all 38 games to help Nîmes to a best-ever second place, also winning the Cup of the Alps. He added a career-best nine in 1973–74, for a final ninth position.

On 15 June 1972, Adams made his debut for the French national team in an unofficial exhibition game against an African XI selected by the Confederation of African Football.

On 17 March 1982, he slipped into a coma following problems caused by a knee operation in Nîmes. The surgery was to fix a torn knee tendon. He had suffered from oxygen loss in the brain after the anesthesiologist made a mistake. 

Adams died on 6 September 2021 at the age of 73, after being in a coma for almost 40 years.


Englewood

Englewood may refer to:


Elaine Duke

Elaine Costanzo Duke (born 1958) is an American civil servant. On January 30, 2017, she was nominated by President Donald Trump to become the United States Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security under John F. Kelly. She became acting United States Secretary of Homeland Security on July 31, 2017 when John F. Kelly assumed the office of White House Chief of Staff.

On February 23, 2018, she announced plans to retire from her position as Deputy Secretary in April of the same year, after serving in the federal government of the U.S. for over thirty years.

Schumann resonances

A Schumann resonance is a resonant frequency of a set of several Extremely Low Frequency (ELF) oscillations of the Earth's electromagnetic field between the ground and reflective regions of the ionosphere, triggered by lightning.

Frank Press

Frank Press (December 4, 1924 – January 29, 2020) was an American geophysicist. He was an advisor to four U.S. Presidents, and later, for two consecutive terms, was President of the U.S. National Academy of Sciences (1981–1993). He was the author of 160 scientific papers and co-author of the textbooks "Earth" and "Understanding Earth".

Press served on President's Science Advisory Committee during the Kennedy and Johnson administrations, and was appointed by President Richard Nixon to the National Science Board. 

In 1977 he was appointed President Jimmy Carter's Science Advisor and Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, serving until 1981.

Press died on January 29, 2020 in Chapel Hill, North Carolina at the age of 95.


William Robert Graham

William Robert Graham (born June 15, 1937) is an American physicist.

Graham was Chairman of President Reagan's General Advisory Committee on Arms Control from 1982 to 1985, a Deputy Administrator and Acting Administrator of NASA during 1985 and 1986, and Director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy and concurrently Science Adviser to President Reagan from 1986 to 1989. He then served as an executive in national security-related companies.

Office of Science and Technology Policy

The Office of Science and Technology Policy (OSTP) is a department of the United States government, part of the Executive Office of the President (EOP), established by United States Congress on May 11, 1976, with a broad mandate to advise the President on the effects of science and technology on domestic and international affairs.

The director of this office is also known as the President's Science Advisor. It is part of the United States Cabinet since 2021. The current director is Arati Prabhakar since 2023.

Dr. John Holdren, Director, nominated in December 2008, served as Science Advisor to President Barack Obama. Holdren also co-chaired the President's Committee of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST) and supported the President's National Science and Technology Council (NSTC).

President Donald Trump nominated Kelvin Droegemeier to become Director. He took office in February 2019.

On January 15, 2021 President-elect Joe Biden said he promoted the office to cabinet-level.


George A. Keyworth II

Dr. George Albert Keyworth II (G. A. Keyworth) (November 30, 1939 – August 23, 2017) was an American physicist. He was a presidential Science Advisor (1981–1985) for President Ronald Reagan.

Keyworth was a board member of Hewlett-Packard who was asked to step down in light of the controversy surrounding disclosure of sensitive information to the media. He resigned on September 13, 2006.

Keyworth died at his home in Monterey, California of prostate cancer on August 23, 2017 at the age of 77.


John Holdren

John Paul Holdren (born March 1, 1944) is an American physicist and civil servant.

Holdren was the senior advisor to President Barack Obama on science and technology issues through his roles as Assistant to the President for Science and Technology, Director of the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy, and Co-Chair of the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology (PCAST)

Margaret Moser

Margaret Moser (May 16, 1954 – August 25, 2017), or Margaret Moser Malone, was an American journalist, music enthusiast, critic and historian, groupie and backup singer. 

Moser was best known for her work as the director of the Austin Music Awards (AMA) in the South by Southwest festival and for her over thirty years of music journalism and criticism. Moser also supported young artists, helping them get started and finding appropriate venues where they could play. Moser has been called the "patron saint of Austin music" by the Paramount Theatre.

Moser died of colorectal cancer on August 25, 2017 at her home in San Antonio, Texas at the age of 63. 


Costas Simitis

Konstantinos G. "Costas" Simitis (; born 23 June 1936), sometimes called Costas Simitis or Kostas Simitis (Κώστας Σημίτης), is a Greek politician. He served as Prime Minister of Greece and was leader of the Panhellenic Socialist Movement (PASOK) from 1996 to 2004.


David Torrence

David Torrence (November 26, 1985 – August 28, 2017) was a Peruvian-American middle-distance runner and indoor American record holder in the 1000 meters (active). He was born in Okinawa, Japan, Torrence was raised in Tarzana, California.

Torrence represented Peru at the 2016 Summer Olympics.

Torrence was found death at his condo in Scottsdale, Arizona on August 28, 2017 at the age of 31.


Rich Piana

Richard "Rich" Piana (September 26, 1971 – August 25, 2017) was an American bodybuilder. He was born in Los Angeles, California. 

Piana won the Mr. California title along with competitions in Los Angeles in 2003 and Sacramento in 2009. His admission in 2016 that he used anabolic steroids as part of his regimen was controversial. Piana often appeared in commercials and television series such as "Scrubs" and "Ripley's Believe It or Not".

Piana died at age 45 on August 25, 2017 in Florida, after spending two weeks in an induced coma following a possible overdose.


Senarath Attanayake

Attanayake Mudiyanselage Kithsiri Senarath Bandara Attanayake (5 August 1966 – 28 August 2017) known as "Senarath Attanayake" was a Sri Lankan politician and lawyer. He was born in Colombo, Sri Lanka.

Attanayake was a recipient of the 2016 Henry Viscardi Achievement Award. He is currently a member of the Uva Provincial Council, Sri Lanka and was the Minister of Agriculture, Irrigation, Livestock, Land and Forestry of the Uva Provincial Council from 2000–2005 as well as the acting Chief Minister for a brief period during this tenure.

Attanayake was a known disabled rights activist because he was paralyzed due to ALS.

Attanayake died on 28 August 2017 at a private hospital of ALS-relate complications in Colombo at the age 51.


Killing Reagan (movie)

Killing Reagan is a 2016 American television drama movie. It was directed by Rod Lurie. It was written by Eric Simonson. It was produced by Ridley Scott. It is based on the 2015 book of the same name by Bill O'Reilly and Martin Dugard. The movie stars Tim Matheson, Cynthia Nixon, Joe Chrest, Geoff Pierson, Joel Murray, Jeff Harlan, Patrick St. Esprit, Kyle S. More and Michael H. Cole. The movie is about the months before and after the assassination attempt on Ronald Reagan. 

The movie premiered on October 16, 2016, on the National Geographic Channel.

"Killing Reagan" received three Critics' Choice Television Award nominations in its seventh annual awards.

Guthrum

Guthrum or Guðrum (died c. 890 AD), christened Æthelstan when he converted to Christianity in 878 AD, was King of the Danish Vikings in the Danelaw, the part of England ruled by the Danes. He is mainly known for his conflict with Alfred the Great.

Śruti

Śruti (Devanagari श्रुति, "what is heard") are the collection of vedic literature in Hinduism.

Śruti is a canon of Hindu sacred texts. They do not date to a particular period, but rather stretch across the entire history of Hinduism, beginning with the some of the earliest known Hindu texts, spanning into the modern period with the Upanishads.

Śruti has no author; rather, it is divine recording of the "cosmic sounds of truth", heard by rishi. They are timeless teachings transmitted to rishis, or seers, directly by God thousands of years ago. Sruti is thus said to be apaurusheya, "impersonal," or rather "suprahuman."

Śruti consists essentially of the Vedas and the agama, preserved initially through oral tradition and eventually written down in Sanskrit. Among the many sacred books of the Hindus, these two bodies of knowledge are held in the highest esteem. For countless centuries Śruti has been the basis of philosophical discussion, study and commentary, and this attention has given rise to countless schools of thought. It is also the subject of deep study and meditation, to realize the wisdom of the ancients within oneself.

Most mantras are drawn from Śruti, used for rites of worship, both public and domestic, as well as personal prayer and japa. It is a remarkable tribute to Hindu culture that so much of Śruti was preserved for thousands of years without alteration by means of oral instruction from guru to shishya, generation after generation. In the Veda tradition this was accomplished by requiring the student to learn each verse in eleven different ways, including backwards. Traditionally Śruti is not read, but chanted according to extremely precise rules of grammar, pitch, intonation and rhythm. This brings forth its greatest power. In the sacred language of Śruti, word and meaning are so closely aligned that hearing these holy scriptures properly chanted is magical in its effect upon the soul of the listener.

Used to Love You

"Used to Love You" is a song recorded by American singer Gwen Stefani for her third studio album, "This Is What the Truth Feels Like" (2016). It was written by Stefani, Justin Tranter, Julia Michaels, Jonathan "J.R." Rotem and Teal Douville, and produced by Rotem.

Recorded at Westlake Studios, Los Angeles, California


Credits adapted from the liner notes of "This Is What the Truth Feels Like".


Friderico-Francisceum

The Friderico-Francisceum is a secondary school (“gymnasium”). It is in Bad Doberan, a town in Germany. The short name of the school is FFG.

Students from grade 7 to grade 12 go to the school.

The school was founded in 1879. Its name is "Friderico-Francisceum", because the founder was named Frederick Francis II. He was the Grand Duke of Mecklenburg-Schwerin. Only boys went to the school until 1927.

From 1947 to 1991 (during GDR times) the school was named “Goethe School”.

Birgit Hacker is the head teacher of the school since 2011.

The main building of the school was built in 1889. The architect of the building was Gotthilf Ludwig Möckel.

A new school building behind the old one opened in 2001. It was needed, because the number of students got bigger.

Dmitri Kogan

Dmitri Pavlovich Kogan (, October 27, 1978 – August 29, 2017) was a Russian violinist and an Honoured Artist of the Russian Federation. He was born in Moscow. He began playing the violin at the age of 6 in the Central Music School of Moscow State P.I. Tchaikovsky Conservatory.

Kogan has been a participant of world festivals of high prestige such as the Corinthian Summer Festival (Austria), Menton Music Festival (France), Montreux Jazz Festival (Switzerland), Perth Festival (Scotland), and music festivals in Athens, Vilnius, Shanghai, Ogden and Helsinki. He has also participated in the Chereshnevy Les Open-Art Festival, Russian Winter (Russkaya Zima) Festival, Music Kremlin Festival, Andrey Sakharov International Art Festival and many others.

In September 2014 the maestro was an Artistic Director of the First Arctic Classical Music Fest in the Nenets Autonomous Okrug. In September 2014 he was appointed as the Counsellor for Cultural Affairs to the Governor of the Nenets Autonomous Okrug.

Kogan died in Moscow on August 29, 2017 of lymphoma at the age of 38.


Natasha Yarovenko

Natalia "Natasha" Yarovenko (; born 23 July 1979) is a Ukrainian actress and model. She was born in Odessa, Ukraine.

In 2011 Yarovenko won two awards for the Best New Actress for her role in the movie "Room in Rome", one at the Turia Awards and the other at the 25th Goya Awards.

Peerage of France

The Peerage of France () the exclusive prestigious title and position of Peer of France was held by the greatest, highest-ranking members of the French nobility, was a hereditary distinction within the French nobility which appeared in 1180 in the Middle Ages, and only a small number of noble individuals were peers. The title of 'Peer of France' was an extraordinary honour granted only to a small number of princes, dukes, counts of the Roman Catholic Church.

French peerage thus differed from British peerage (to whom the term "baronage", also employed as the title of the lowest noble rank, was applied in its generic sense), for the vast majority of French nobles, from baron to duke, were not peers. It was analogous to the rank of Grandee of Spain in this respect.
It was abolished in 1789 during the French Revolution.


List of breakout characters

A breakout character is a character in serial fiction other than the one who was supposed to be the main character who becomes a more well-known, more well-liked, more talked about, more popular and/or more imitated individual. The series from which the breakout character comes may be in the form of a novel, magazine, television series, comic strip, game or combination.




Ununennium

Ununennium, or element 119, is a predicted chemical element. Its symbol is Uue. Ununennium and Uue are substitute names made by the IUPAC, (meaning "one-one-nine-ium" in Latin) until permanent names are made. Ununennium is the element with the smallest atomic number that has not been created yet. Qualities of Ununennium are unknown, but many are predicted. It is predicted all isotopes will be radioactive. It is thought to be an alkali metal.

Many attempts have been made by American, German, and Russian teams to make ununennium but all have failed. Japanese and Russian failed to produce the element after work in both 2019 and 2020.

Ununennium's spot on the periodic table is a sign that it may be similar to lighter elements such as lithium, sodium, potassium, rubidium, caesium, and francium; however, some of its properties may be different from what is expected. For example, ununennium might be less reactive than caesium and francium and will behave more like potassium or rubidium.

As of 2023, it has yet to be created and therefore has no use.

Bill Skarsgård

Bill Istvan Günther Skarsgård (born 9 August 1990) is a Swedish actor. He is known for his roles in "Simple Simon", "", the TV series "Hemlock Grove" and for his role as the title character in "It: Chapter One" (2017) and "It: Chapter Two" (2019).

Skarsgård was born on 9 August 1990 in Vällingby, Sweden. He is the son of actor Stellan Skarsgård and his first wife, My Sonja Marie Agnes.

In June 2016, Skarsgård was cast as popular horror villain Pennywise the Dancing Clown in the 2017 movie "It" after another actor, Will Poulter, dropped out due to other projects. He is also the role in the sequel "It – Chapter Two".

Skarsgård has seven brothers and sisters: Alexander, Gustaf, Sam, Valter, Ossian, Kolbjörn, and Eija. Three of these, Alexander, Gustaf, and Valter, are actors. Ossian and Kolbjörn are half-brothers from a later marriage between Stellan Skarsgård and Megan Everett.


Geoff Pierson

Geoffrey "Geoff" Pierson (born June 16, 1949) is an American actor. He is known for his role on The WB series "Unhappily Ever After" as Jack Malloy. He is also known for his roles on "Ryan's Hope" and "Dexter" and as James Baker in the 2016 television movie "Killing Reagan".

In 2005 and 2006 he appeared in two episodes of "Veronica Mars" as Stewart Manning, the father of Meg Manning.

Pierson married Cali Timmins in 1997.

Hello Internet

Hello Internet is a podcast made by YouTube content creators CGP Grey and Brady Haran. It was started in January of 2014 and currently has 136 episodes, two bonus episodes, one episode which was released only as a vinyl record and one as a wax cylinder. Grey said that the podcast had 600,000 to 900,000 downloads per episode in August of 2017.

The podcast features discussions having to do with their lives as professional creators for YouTube, the content of their most recent videos as well as their interests and annoyances. Typical topics include how to behave on the internet, movie and TV show reviews, plane accidents, flags, future studies, Apple devices, and the differences between Grey's and Haran's personalities and lifestyles. Listeners can talk about the podcast in CGP Grey's subreddit, the Hello Internet subreddit, or Twitter, where the hosts are often active. Usually, each episode usually starts with feedback from listeners. The podcast has an official flag called the "Nail & Gear" which was decided by postal referendum.

SModcast

SModcast is a weekly podcast featuring filmmaker Kevin Smith and his long-time producing partner Scott Mosier, although guests are occasionally featured. Released each Sunday night/Monday morning, the episodes are generally one hour in length and feature Smith and Mosier discussing current events and other non-sequitur topics.

The name was derived from taking the first letters of "Smith" and "Mosier" and replacing the "P" in "podcast". The podcast was originally distributed through Smith's entertainment website Quick Stop Entertainment. New episodes were made available for download each Sunday night or Monday morning, and are then released through the RSS feed the following Friday in order to ease bandwidth strains on the Quickstop Entertainment. On January 1, 2010, the host site was sold, the SModcasts were removed and a dedicated site was started. In addition, the one-week delay for iTunes subscribers was dropped starting with SModcast 101.

In September 2009, a book of Smith's favorite SModcasts called "Shootin' the Sh*t with Kevin Smith" was released.

While the show is primarily hosted by Smith and Mosier, there have been several occasions when Mosier was unable to record, and his place was filled by one or more guests, though sometimes guests appear with Smith and Mosier.

The podcast has been nominated for several awards, and has gained a great deal of recognition from various sources. In 2007, the podcast was named one of the best new podcasts by iTunes. In 2010, several of the podcasts were placed upon iTunes' Best Podcasts of 2010 list which included: "Jay & Silent Bob Get Old", "Tell 'Em Steve-Dave!", "Hollywood Babble-On", and "Highlands: A Peephole History".

The Memory Palace

The Memory Palace is a monthly historical podcast hosted by Nate DiMeo. The program features interesting historical narratives concerning such subjects as the Cardiff Giant and the CIA project Acoustic Kitty. It is currently distributed online by Radiotopia.

In 2009, Scottsdale Museum of Contemporary Art commissioned a version of the episode "A Brief Eulogy for a Consumer Electronics Product" for its "Rewind Remix Replay" exhibit.

In July 2011, design podcast "99% Invisible" commissioned the episode "A Stretch".

In August 2011, "Slate" commissioned a series of "Civil War Stories" in conjunction with their "Slate Daily Podcast".

In July 2012, Maximum Fun began supporting "The Memory Palace". The two parted ways in early 2015. The podcast joined Radiotopia in June 2015.

"99% Invisible"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Roman Mars described "The Memory Palace" as "sometimes heartbreaking, sometimes hysterical, and often a wonderful mix of both."

"The A.V. Club" called "The Memory Palace" a "brisk and sadly infrequent podcast" whose episodes feature "a kind of precious, deadpan delivery similar to "This American Life", but more humorous, backed by a surprisingly evocative and effective musical score."

"Boing Boing"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s David Pescovitz called "The Memory Palace" "terrific," "excellent," and "one of my favorite podcasts." While guest blogging for "Boing Boing", Douglas Rushkoff described "The Memory Palace" as "highly textured historical narratives about stuff we might not know or remember." "Boing Boing"<nowiki>'</nowiki>s Mark Frauenfelder called "The Memory Palace" one of his "favorite podcasts of 2012" comparing it to Paul Harvey's radio program "The Rest of the Story".


Layal Abboud

Layal Mounir Abboud (:; born on May 15, 1982) is a Lebanese pop-folk singer, sound-lyric poet, concert dancer, fit model, Muslim humanitarian and businesswoman.

She was born to a musical family in the Southern Lebanese Tyrian village of Kniseh. Abboud is a former ISF officer and studied English literature at Lebanese University. Also, she studied translation at Beirut Arab University and musical expression at the American University of Science and Technology. She appeared for the first time in the Studio El-Fan series debuts as a South Lebanese competitor from 2001 to 2002. Abboud's musical career got popular with the release of her first album "Fi Shouq" (: on longing) published in late 2007. She sings in different Arabic dialects. Abboud is a singer member in the Syndicate of Professional Artists in Lebanon.

Layal Abboud was born into a large Shia Muslim family on May 15, 1982 in the southern village of Kanisah in Lebanon's Tyre District. Abboud's father and mother, named Mounir and Maryam, had three brothers and six sisters between them. As a child, Abboud started singing and dancing and was a fan of Egyptian pop singer Amr Diab. Starting at age 14, she worked as a private tutor.

Abboud studied English literature at the Lebanese University and translation in Beirut Arab University. She graduated from university with a master's degree. She went on to study music at the Lebanese National Higher Conservatory of music for two years.

Abboud served as an officer for the Lebanese Police Force, where she worked as security for two years in the Beirut–Rafic Hariri International Airport's Inspection Department.

Abboud went on to study music under Richard Najm. In 2006 She became a multi-instrumentalist skilled in the oud, organ and guitar. Abboud appeared on TV for the first time on the hit show "Studio El-Fan" as a 2001–02 competitor. Her first album, "Fi Shouq" (: "On Longing") was released in late 2007. In an interview with Egyptian media Abboud has stated, "Music is my life!"

Her inspirations (or creativity) include Ammar El Sherei, Baligh Hamdi and Sabah whom Abboud called the "ideal of my art career." In July 2014, Abboud also said that she is "very much drawn to French musicians, possibly because I’m a bit of a hopeless romantic."

In 2014, Abboud called Akel Fakih "the mastermind" behind the way she dresses in her professional, social, and daily life. In 2015, Akel Fakih said he works with Layal Abboud "in a very characteristic and upmarket way," going on to say that, "there is a chemistry that brings me together in fashion. She trusts my opinion and tastes, and this is one of the reasons why Layal chose me in her concerts." Abboud has explained details on her fashion team, saying, "Elie Samaan does my hair and makeup; my stylist is Serene Assaad, and my photographer is Hussein Salman." 

Abboud is founder of Amman-based wedding planning company Loulou Secret. She also runs Layal Productions for her music.

Sometimes she is called a seduction (or charming) artist and femme fatale by critics like Al Akhbar. Abboud appeared on the program "Bala Teshfir" on the "Al Jadeed" network in 2015, and stated, "Being bold is not seduction". She believes there is a bias against her and said, "I am a normal artist and contemporary with fashion." 

In 2016 counterfeit images were published attributed to Abboud's likeness. She appointed attorney Haitham Tarshishi to file a lawsuit against "all those involved in the forgery of a picture attributed to her through social media sites, accompanied by words beyond the limits of fitness." In August 2016, the Lebanese Broadcasting Corporation reported that a suspect had been arrested.

In April 2017 as a guest on the satirical program "La-hon Wa-bas" hosted by Hicham Haddad, Abboud condemned an issue of "Nadine Magazine" for its depiction of her chest and face shape with the words, "Bigger than this chest" emblazoned on its cover. She accused the magazine of trying to increase readership by dumbing down and oversimplifying its content.

Abboud cares about her physical health and elegance. In June 2017 she publicly confirmed that she had undergone rhinoplasty, but that the rest of her features were not the result of plastic surgery. She said, "The secret of my beauty is sport". She is a supporter for a public smoking ban for Lebanon, saying, "Smoking and non-smoking areas must be allocated". She has been had an interest in sport and horseback riding since childhood. Abboud has four horses. She keeps them in the village of Tanbourit in Lebanon's Sidon District. Their names are Rim, Loulou, Khaybar (named after Khaibar-1) and Layal (named after her given name).

Abboud is a practicing Muslim. She fasts and abstains from performing during Ramadan, and holds the pre-dawn and post-sunset meals of suhur and Iftar with her family.

Abboud married and gave birth to her only son, Jad, in 2004. She eventually divorced her husband. She later described the marriage as "very formal," and added, "My early marriage was the result of a love story. I am a romantic and dreamy woman." In June 2017, she said "By respect among us, we divorced and I chose my career in art."







Institut Mines-Télécom

Institut Mines-Télécom is an engineering graduate school in France. It is in a campus of the University of Paris-Saclay (Northern France).

Its different curricula lead to the following French & European degrees :

Academic activities and industrial applied research are performed mainly in French and English languages. Students from a dozen of nationalities participate to the different curricula at IMT.

Research activities at Institut Mines-Télécom relate to the following topics:


Spider-Man: Homecoming

Spider-Man: Homecoming is a 2017 American superhero movie based on the Marvel Comics character Spider-Man. It was the second "Spider-Man" reboot, and the first "Spider-Man" solo movie of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. The movie stars Tom Holland as Spider-Man (Peter Parker), with supporting roles played by Jacob Batalon, Laura Harrier, Zendaya, Robert Downey Jr, Marisa Tomei, Jon Faverau, and Michael Keaton. The movie was directed by Jon Watts, who wrote the screenplay with Jonathan Goldstein, John Francis Daley, Christopher Ford, Chris McKenna, and Erik Sommers. It was followed by two sequels: "" (2019) and "" (2021).



Arrondissements of the Drôme department

There are 3 arrondissements in the Drôme department. The French departments, and in other countries, are divided into "arrondissements", which may be translated into English as districts (in some cases, as boroughs). The capital of an arrondissement is called a subprefecture.

If the prefecture (capital) of the department is in an arrondissement, that prefecture is the capital of the arrondissement, acting both as a prefecture and as a subprefecture.

Arrondissements are further divided into communes.

The arrondissements of Drôme are:

Since its creation, the Drôme department has had few changes:


David Tang

Sir David Wing-cheung Tang, (; 2 August 1954 – 29 August 2017), was a Hong Kong businessman. He was best known for founding the Shanghai Tang fashion chain in 1994, which he sold in 1998 to Richemont. Tang's grandfather, Tang Shiu Kin, "founded the Kowloon bus company and became one of Hong Kong's greatest philanthropists".

Tang died on 29 August 2017 of liver cancer at a London hospital at the age of 63.


Louise Hay

Louise Lynn Hay (October 8, 1926 – August 30, 2017) was an American motivational author and the founder of Hay House. She authored several New Thought self-help books, including the 1984 book, "You Can Heal Your Life". She was born in Los Angeles, California.

Hay died in Los Angeles of natural causes on August 30, 2017 at the age of 90.

Abdul Jabbar (singer)

Mohammed Abdul Jabbar (10 November 1938 – 30 August 2017) was a Bangladeshi singer. ""Tumi Ki Dekhechho Kobhu Jiboner Porajoy"", ""Salam Salam Hazar Salam"" and ""Joy Bangla, Banglar Joy"" were the three of his songs made to the top 20 all-time Bangla songs in 2006 survey by the BBC Bangla. 

Jabbar was awarded Ekushey Padak in 1980 and Independence Day Award in 1996 by the Government of Bangladesh.

Jabbar died of cardiac arrest in Dhaka, Bangladesh on 30 August 2017 at the age of 78.

Károly Makk

Károly Makk (December 22, 1925 – August 30, 2017) was a Hungarian movie director and screenwriter. Five of his movies have been nominated for the "Palme d'Or" at the Cannes Film Festival without success; however, he has won less awards at Cannes and elsewhere. He was born in Berettyóújfalu, Hungary.

In 1973, he was a member of the jury at the 8th Moscow International Film Festival.

In 1980, he was a member of the jury at the 30th Berlin International Film Festival. His 2003 film "A Long Weekend in Pest and Buda" was entered into the 25th Moscow International Film Festival.

From 27 September 2011 until his death, he served as the President of the Széchenyi Academy of Literature and Arts.

Makk died on August 30, 2017 in Budapest of a heart attack at the age of 91.

Rollie Massimino

Roland Vincent "Rollie" Massimino (November 13, 1934 – August 30, 2017) was an American basketball coach and player. He was born in Hillside, New Jersey.

Massimino was the head men's basketball coach at Keiser University in West Palm Beach, Florida, a position he had held since 2014, and at Northwood University from 2004 to 2014. Massimino previously served as the head men's basketball coach at Stony Brook University (1969–1971), Villanova University (1973–1992), the University of Nevada, Las Vegas (1992–1994), and Cleveland State University (1996–2003).

At Villanova, he led his 1984–85 team to the NCAA Championship. Entering the 1985 NCAA Tournament as an eighth seed, Villanova defeated their heavily favored Big East Conference foe, the Georgetown Hoyas, who had Patrick Ewing, in the National Championship Game. The upset is widely regarded as one of the greatest in North American sports history.

Massimino died on August 30, 2017 of lung cancer in West Palm Beach, Florida at the age of 82.


Sumiteru Taniguchi

Taniguchi died of lung and skin cancer on August 30, 2017 in Nagasaki at the age of 88.

Sunao Tsuboi

He was a survivor of the atomic bombing of Hiroshima. He was the co-chair of Nihon Hidankyo, a Japan-wide organisation of atomic and hydrogen bomb sufferers. 

In 2011 he was awarded the Kiyoshi Tanimoto peace prize.

Tsuboi died on October 24, 2021 in Hiroshima at the age of 96.

Lilia Dale

Lilia Dale (born 18 July 1919) is a retired Italian movie and stage actress. Her career began in 1937 and she retired in 1940. She was born in Pola, Istria, Italy.

Dale's movie list includes "Il signor Max" (1937), "Nonna Felicità" (1938), "Mad Animals" (1939), "Who Are You?" (1939), "Red Tavern" (1940) and in "Manon Lescaut" (1940).


Clyde and Willis (characters)

Clyde and Willis, created by Andrew Hendrich Wilson, are the title characters of the American-British-Chinese comedy television show The Clyde and Willis Show. The creator of the show, Andrew Wilson thought of the idea while he was drawing two stick-mans in his early years. He then thought of an idea about making the two stick-mans into a comic. He then animates the comic to the two characters we know to this very day.

They first appeared in the 2015 missing pilot episode "Clyde and Willis".o

Clyde Arthur "Claude" Harrison, is a "Psychopathic", stupid and a sometimes whimsical Britain character that moved to America from England with his best friend, Willis Hennig. He is sometimes a violently psychopath who always freaks out and smash things when he is angry and he has a disorder.

Clyde and his best friend Willis live in the same house and together they are roommates, or "ROOMIES" they call it. Clyde is sometimes also a jerk to his friends and will be a total punk sometimes.

He is mostly related to the 90s adult-kids cartoon character Ren Hoek from the 1990s cartoon series, The Ren and Stimpy Show. They both are psychopaths and sometimes will insanely happy.

Willis Thompson "William" Hennig, unlike Clyde, he is a much more intelligent, smart, and crazy person. He and Clyde are the best friends in the show. He would be crazy and loud sometimes like Clyde. He sometimes would also be a complete idiot.

He is related to the 90s adult-kids cartoon character Stimpson "Stimpy" J. Cat from the 1990s cartoon series, The Ren and Stimpy Show. He is sometimes smarter and sometimes an idiot. His friend, Clyde, described him as a "idiot of intelligence".

He always hates it when his friend Clyde says his catchphrase: "LOOK OVER THERE".

He has two brothers and a sister. His brothers, Sammy and Johnny would sometimes annoy Willis at the same time, and Willis wish they didn't exist in his world.

Janine Charrat

Janine Charrat (24 July 1924 – 29 August 2017) was a French dancer and choreographer. She was born in Grenoble, France. She appeared in "Ballerina" at the age of 12, and went on to choreograph over 50 ballets. She was an officer of the Legion of Honour.

Charrat died on 29 August 2017 in Paris at the age of 93.

Janne Carlsson

Janne "Loffe" Carlsson (12 March 1937 – 31 August 2017), sometimes credited as Janne Carlsson, Jan Carlsson or Janne Karlsson, was a Swedish movie and television actor. He was also a skilled drummer, featured on several albums in Swedish 1970s and 1980s music. He was born in Stockholm, Sweden.

Carlsson was the 'Karlsson' of the Swedish jazz fusion/psychedelic rock duo Hansson & Karlsson that were active in the late 1960s.

Carlsson was known for his roles in "Blushing Charlie" (1970), "Exponerad" (1971), "Repmånad" (1979) and in "Göta kanal eller Vem drog ur proppen?" (1981).

Carlsson died on 31 August 2017 of liver cancer in Kristianstad, Sweden at the age of 80.

Ptolemy I Soter

Ptolemy I Soter (; , ; c. 367 BC – January 282 BC) was a general in the Greek army of Alexander the Great who was the king and pharaoh of ancient Egypt from 305/304 BC until he died. He was the first king of Egypt during the Hellenistic period. Ptolemy made Alexandria the capital city of Egypt. (The old capital was Memphis.) Ptolemy's children were the next kings of the Ptolemaic dynasty. This dynasty (line of rulers) controlled Egypt until the beginning of the Roman Empire.
Pougny

Pougny is the name of two communes in France.

Pougny, Nièvre

Pougny is a commune. It is in the Nièvre department of central France.

Sigy

Sigy is a commune in the Seine-et-Marne department in the Île-de-France region of north-central France.

St. Marys, Pennsylvania

St. Marys is a city in Pennsylvania in the United States. According to the US 2020 census, 12,738 people lived there.

Guewenheim

Guewenheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Almere City FC

Almere City FC is a Dutch football club. The club was founded on September 14 2001, which has paid football since 2005. The Almeerse association was part of the Omniworld sports club. Until the 2009/2010 season, the club played under the name FC Omniworld.


Blood draw

Blood draw is when blood gets taken from a vein using a hypodermic needle. It is stored in special blood bottles. These bottles are called "vacutainers". There is usually a liquid or mist in the bottle that moves blood inside it.


John Clark (actor)

Ivan John Clark (born 1 November 1932) is an English actor, director, producer and playwright. He was born in London.

Clark is probably best known for his role as Just William in theatre and radio in the late 1940s and as the former husband of actress Lynn Redgrave, to whom he was married for 33 years. 

However, he is best known as a stage actor and director after moving to the United States in 1960, and became known for his theatrical directorship of plays featuring Redgrave in the 1970s such as "A Better Place" at Dublin's Gate Theatre (1973), "The Two of Us" (1975), "Saint Joan" (1977–78), and a tour of "California Suite" (1976). 

In 1981, he co-directed the CBS television series "House Calls", which Redgrave starred in alongside Wayne Rogers.


Marjorie Boulton

Marjorie Boulton (7 May 1924 – 30 August 2017) was a British author and poet writing in both English and Esperanto.

Boulton taught English literature in teacher training and (from 1962 to 1970) as a college principal for 24 years before turning to full-time research and writing. She is a well-known writer in Esperanto. Boulton in her later years was president of two Esperanto organisations, Kat-amikaro and ODES.

Deaths in September 2017

The following is a list of notable deaths in September 2017. For notable deaths before the current month, please see "Previous months". Names under each date are reported in alphabetical order by last name or pseudonym. Deaths of non-humans are reported here also if notable.


































Mike Cockerill

Michael Cockerill (20 November 1960 – 31 August 2017) was an Australian football (soccer) journalist. He was born in Adelaide, Australia.

Cockerill wrote for Fairfax newspapers, Fox Sports and formerly C7 Sport. He was also a football pundit and match commentator and appeared regularly on the football show Fox Sports FC.

In 2011, he was inducted into the Football Federation Australia Hall of Fame.

Cockerill died of pancreatic cancer in Adelaide on 31 August 2017 at the age of 56.

Egon Günther

Egon Günther (30 March 1927 – 31 August 2017) was a German movie director and screenwriter. He was born in Schneeberg, Saxony, Germany.

His movie "Lotte in Weimar" was nominated for the Palme d'Or at the 1975 Cannes Film Festival. In 1985, his movie "Morenga" was nominated for the Golden Bear at the 35th Berlin International Film Festival. He was a member of the Socialist Unity Party of Germany.

Günther died in Potsdam, Germany on 31 August 2017 at the age of 90.

Melissa Bell (singer)

Melissa Cecelia Ewen Bell (5 March 1964 – 28 August 2017) was an English singer. From 1993 to 1996, Bell was one of the lead singers of British R&B act Soul II Soul, with whom she released a single titled "Wish". She also created her own band called Soul Explosion, which started in 1999. She also worked with Liza Minnelli, Whitney Houston, and Stevie Wonder.

A native of London, Bell was of African, and East Indian descent through her Jamaican-born parents. She was a graduate of Southwark College in London Borough of Southwark. She later began working in customer service for Marks and Spencer from 1982 until 1991.

In 1987, she featured on Bobby E and the Midi City Crew's single "Walk on the Wild Side". In 1991, she appeared on the song "The Dancer" from the Bingoboys' album "The Best of Bingoboys". She released her debut single "Reconsider" in 1992, which received major radio play. In the same year, she released another single titled "Crystal Clear".

In 1993, Bell joined British musical group Soul II Soul after Jazzie B heard her single "Reconsider" and asked her to join the group. She recorded a single called "Wish", which was released on their greatest hits album "Volume IV The Classic Singles 88–93" in 1993. The single peaked at number 24 on the UK Singles Chart. The success of the song invited her to perform the song on "Top of the Pops". She continued to record and tour with the group as one of their featured singers. In 1995, she performed lead vocals on the song "Be a Man" on their fourth studio album "Volume V: Believe". In 1996, she left the group to continue her solo career.

In 1997, Bell released four singles "Rumbled Sex", "Surrender", "Mixed Up", and "Nothing Gonna Stop Me Now"; which featured Potential Bad Boy. In 1999, she formed a new soul band called Soul Explosion. In 2000, she released two singles "Into My World" and "Love's in Need of Love Today" with a group called Dazz. In 2002, she released another single "(No More) Searching".

In June 2010, she released her autobiography "Heart and Soul: The Emotional Autobiography of Melissa Bell".

Bell was the mother of four children including singer Alexandra Burke. She suffered from diabetes, a condition which ran in her family. She also suffered kidney failure, and struggled to attend her daughter's live performances during her time on "The X Factor". On 29 August 2017, her daughter announced the death of the singer.

Elvis: What Happened?

Elvis: What Happened? is a book about the personal life of singer Elvis Presley. The book, which is based on the personal accounts of three of Elvis' former bodyguards, went into detail on the singer’s dangerous drug-dependence. His death, only two weeks after the book’s publication in July 1977, made it highly topical and helped boost its sales to over 3 million.

The guards, Robert Gene West, his cousin Sonny West, and David Hebler, had been fired, officially for cost-saving reasons, but at the time, many suspected it was because they had been heavily critical of Elvis’ increasing intake of, and dependence upon, various drugs. 

With help from reporter Steve Dunleavy, they produced the tell-all memoir which they claimed to be a friendly warning, rather than a money-making exercise. Since the singer’s death, most of its claims have proven accurate.

Weilheim an der Teck

Weilheim an der Teck () is a town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. It is southeast of Kirchheim unter Teck, and southwest of Göppingen.

Weil der Stadt

Weil der Stadt is a small town in Baden-Württemberg, Germany. In 2015, 18,652 people lived there.

Cormac Murphy-O'Connor

Cormac Murphy-O'Connor (24 August 1932 – 1 September 2017) was a cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church, Archbishop of Westminster and President of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of England and Wales. He was created a cardinal by Pope John Paul II in 2001. He submitted his resignation as archbishop on reaching his 75th birthday in 2007; Pope Benedict XVI accepted it on 3 April 2009.

Murphy-O'Connor was born in Reading, Berkshire, England. He studied at Presentation College, Reading and at Pontifical Gregorian University. Murphy-O'Connor died on 1 September 2017 in London of bladder cancer at the age of 85.

Erna Schneider Hoover

Dr. Erna Schneider Hoover (born June 19, 1926) is an American mathematician from Irvington, New Jersey. She is known for inventing a computerized telephone switching method which "revolutionized modern communication" according to several reports.This architecture used "stored program control" to achieve an unprecedented level of flexibility.

Hoover was awarded one of the first patents issued for software. It gave priority to processes concerned with the input and output of the switch over processes that were less important such as record keeping and billing. This provided more robust service to callers during peak calling times. Some of her work was done while she was recuperating from the birth of her second daughter in the hospital and at home.

Hoover received a B.A. from Wellesley College in classical and medieval philosophy and history in 1948. After graduating with honors in 1948, she was inducted into Phi Beta Kappa, an honor society of liberal arts and sciences, and was honored as a Durant Scholar. She obtained a Ph.D. from Yale University in philosophy and foundations of mathematics in 1951. She was a professor in Swarthmore College from 1951 to 1954. Upon marrying her husband, Hoover found it difficult to secure a tenure track position, so she joined Bell Labs. Later, she worked on the development of the Safeguard Anti-Ballistic Missile System and subsequently became the first woman to head a technical department in 1978. She spent the next decade working on software applications with a particular focus on Artificial Intelligence (AI) and IMS-IBM/Unix based system communications. In 1987, after three decades of dedication to improving telecommunications as we know it, Dr. Hoover retired.

Dr. Hoover was keen on publicizing the importance of K-12 education, focusing on the lack of female representation in STEM. She created one of the first conferences for the Expanding Your Horizons program in association with the American Association of the University of Women and Girl Scouts of America. She continued with a fervent focus on education as she joined the New Jersey Board of Higher Education in 1983 and has served as a chairperson of the Trenton State College Board of Trustees since 1980.

Hoover was described as an important pioneer for women in the field of computer technology.

Irvington, New Jersey

Irvington is a township in Essex County, New Jersey, United States. 

As of the 2020 United States census, the township's population was 61,176, an increase of 7,250 (+13.4%) from the 2010 census count of 53,926, which in turn had declined by 6,769 (−11.2%) from the 60,695 counted in the 2000 census.

Helli Stehle

Helene Louise "Helli" Stehle (6 December 1907 – 27 August 2017) was a Swiss actress and radio presenter.

Stehle was born on 6 December 1907 in Basel, Switzerland. She began working in radio in the 1920s. In 1939, she became Switzerland's first female newscaster. She was also an actress. Her most notable movie was "De Tod uf em Oepfelbaum" from 1966.

She turned 100 in December 2007. When she died at the age of 109, she was one of the oldest living people in Switzerland.


James Drury

James Child Drury Jr. (April 18, 1934 – April 6, 2020) was an American actor and businessman. He is best known for his success in playing the title role in the 90-minute weekly Western television series "The Virginian", broadcast on NBC from 1962–1971.

Drury was born in New York City, New York. He was raised in Oregon. In 1979, he married Carl Ann Head Drury. He had two children. Drury died from natural causes on April 6, 2020 in Houston, at age 85.


Guarda, Switzerland

Guarda was a municipality of the district Inn in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2015, the former municipalities of Guarda, Ardez, Ftan, Sent and Tarasp merged into the municipality of Scuol.

Yens

Yens is a municipality in Morges in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland.


Vaugondry

Vaugondry was a municipality in the Jura-Nord vaudois district in the canton of Vaud in Switzerland. On 1 July 2011, the municipalities of Fontanezier, Romairon, Vaugondry and Villars-Burquin joined together to become the new municipality of Tévenon.

Walliswil

Walliswil can mean:

Gundolsheim

Gundolsheim is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Gunsbach

Gunsbach is a village and commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Habsheim

Habsheim is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. The Mulhouse–Habsheim Airport is in the commune.

Hagenbach, Haut-Rhin

Hagenbach is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Hagenthal-le-Bas

Hagenthal-le-Bas is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Vaux-sur-Morges

Vaux-sur-Morges is a municipality in the canton of Vaud, Switzerland. It is found in the district of Morges.

Kenton, Ohio

Kenton is a city in Ohio, United States. It is the county seat of Hardin County.

Scream (roller coaster)

Scream (also known as Scream!) is a roller coaster located at Six Flags Magic Mountain. It is a floorless-type roller coaster.

Monfero

Monfero is a municipality found in the province of A Coruña in the autonomous community of Galicia in Spain.

Hato Hasbún

Franzi Hato Hasbún Barake (1946 – 30 August 2017) was a Salvadoran politician, sociologist and educator. He was born in San Salvador. He served as Minister of Education from 2012 until his death in 2017. He was a close advisor to former President of El Salvador Mauricio Funes.

Hasbún died in San Salvador of a heart attack on 30 August 2017 at the age of 72.


Motorcycle taxi

A motorcycle taxi are a form of transport in some countries. The motorcycle taxi carries one passenger, who sits behind the motorcycle driver. In some countries two passengers will sit behind the driver.

June 29, 2012 derecho

The June 2012 derecho was a natural disaster in the United States that occurred on June 29, 2012. A line of thunderstorms formed in the Midwest in the afternoon and tracked across the Ohio Valley and the Mid-Atlantic states. 28 people were killed and thousands were left without power for days due to a heatwave in the area.

Arrondissement of Die

The arrondissement of Die is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Drôme "département" in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital is the city of Die.

When the Drôme department was created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Die was part of that original department.

The "arrondissement" of Die is in the center west of the department, with an area of . It has 42,955 inhabitants, the "arrondissement" with fewest people living in it, and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Die is bordered to the north and west by the "arrondissement" of Valence, to the northeast by the Isère department, to the south by the "arrondissement" of Nyons.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 5 cantons in the arrondissement of Die: they are:
The "arrondissement" of Die has 113 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Filippo Maria Pandolfi

Filippo Maria Pandolfi (born 1 November 1927) is a former Italian politician, minister, and European commissioner. He was born in Bergamo, Italy.

Pandolfi was a member of the Christian Democracy party. He was elected to the Italian parliament in 1968, heading the list in electoral district of Brescia–Bergamo in 1976, 1979, 1983, and 1987.

Pandolfi was finance undersecretary in the Aldo Moro government from 1974 to 1976. In 1976 he became Minister of Finance, in 1978 Minister of the Treasury, then from 1980 to 1983 Minister for Industry and Trade, and finally from 1983 to 1988 Minister of Agriculture and Forestry.

From 6 January 1989 to 5 January 1993 he was the European Commissioner in the Delors Commission, having portfolio for Research and Development.


Martin Bangemann

Martin Bangemann (15 November 1934 – 28 June 2022) was a German politician. He was leader of the FDP (1985–1988).

Bangemann was the German Federal Minister of Economics from 1984 to 1988.

In 1988, Bangemann joined the European Commission. He was Commissioner for the internal market and industrial affairs in the Delors Commission from 1989 to 1995. He was then Commissioner for Industrial affairs, Information & Telecommunications Technologies in the Santer Commission from 1995 to 1999.

Bangeman studied law in Tübingen and Munich, earned a Dr. jur. (equivalent to J.S.D.) in 1962, and qualified as an attorney in 1964.

Bangemann died on 28 June 2022 in Deux-Sèvres, France from a heart attack at aged 87.

Gloria Whelan

Gloria Whelan (born November 23, 1923) is an American poet, short story writer, and novelist. She is known for children's and young adult fiction. Her book "Homeless Bird" won the National Book Award for Young People's Fiction in 2000.

Whelan was born in Detroit, Michigan. She studied at the University of Michigan. In 1948, she married Joseph Whelan.

Whelan's books include many historical fiction novels, including a trilogy set on Mackinac Island and a quartet series set in communist Russia. Whelan is also the author of short stories which have appeared in "The Ontario Review, The Virginia Quarterly Review, The Gettysburg Review", and other literary quarterlies. 

Her collection of short stories, "Playing with Shadows", was published by the Illinois Press. Her stories have appeared in several anthologies and in "Prize Stories: the O. Henry Awards". Whelan is, according to Liz Rosenberg in the "Chicago Tribune", "an accomplished, graceful, and intelligent writer."

Whelan won the annual National Book Award for Young People's Literature in 2000 for the novel "Homeless Bird". She also won the 2013 Tuscany Prize for Catholic Fiction with her short story "What World Is This?" and the work became the title for the independent publisher's 2013 collection of short stories.



Denny Crum

Denzel Edwin "Denny" Crum (March 2, 1937–May 9, 2023) was an American men's college basketball coach at the University of Louisville (U of L) in Kentucky from 1971 to 2001 with a 675–295 record.

Crum guided the Cardinals to two NCAA championships (1980, 1986) and six Final Fours. Honored in the Naismith Memorial Basketball Hall of Fame since 1994, Crum is one of the major figures in the history of sports in Kentucky and in college basketball in general.

Crum was born in San Fernando, California. He studied at the University of California, Los Angeles, where he played basketball under legendary coach John Wooden. After retiring from U of L, he continued to live in Louisville until his death.

Sam Pivnik

Szmuel "Sam" Pivnik (1 September 1926 – 30 August 2017) was a Polish Holocaust survivor, author and memoirist. He was the second son of Lajb Pivnik, a tailor, and Feigel Pivnik. He was born in Będzin, Poland.

Pivnik was registered in Auschwitz and tattooed with prisoner number 135913. On 27 December 1943, Pivnik was admitted to the prisoner infirmary in the Quarantine area KL Auschwitz II-Birkenau, B IIa, Block 9, with suspected typhus. On 19 January 1945 the camp at Fürstengrube was evacuated in the face of the advancing Red Army and prisoners who were fit enough to move were, initially, marched to a railhead at Gleiwitz. 

Pivnik spent the next three months on construction work before he – together with approximately 200 other former Fürstengrube prisoners – were evacuated by barge along the River Elbe to Holstein in northern Germany.

Pivnik was liberated by the British Army in Neustadt on 4 May 1945. His memoir "Survivor – Auschwitz, The Death March and My Fight for Freedom" was published on 30 August 2012. 

Pivnik died in London on 30 August 2017, two days before his 91st birthday of pneumonia-related complications.

Marion Marshall

Marion Marshall (born Marian Lepriel Tanner; June 8, 1929 – September 24, 2018) was an American actress.

From 1963 to 1971, she was married to Robert Wagner. From 1952 to 1959, she was married to director Stanley Donen. 

Marshall's first movie appearances were in the 20th Century Fox movies "Gentleman's Agreement" and "Daisy Kenyon" in 1947 (although they were both uncredited). She went on to play roles (many minor) in over 25 more movies until 1967. 

Marshall had a small but significant role in his "I Was a Male War Bride" (1949). She was featured in three Martin and Lewis comedy movies, "The Stooge", "Sailor Beware" and "That's My Boy", with stars Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis.


Xiang Shouzhi

Xiang Shouzhi (; November 28, 1917 – September 2, 2017) was a Chinese general and revolutionist. He was born in Xuanhan County, Sichuan.

Xiang was promoted to the rank of major general (shao jiang) in 1955 and general (Shang jiang) in 1988. He was a member of the 11st National Congress of the Communist Party of China and the 12nd CPC Central Committee.

Xiang died on September 2, 2017 in Nanjing, China of heart failure at the age of 99.

María Luisa Dehesa Gómez Farías

María Luisa Dehesa Gómez Farías (30 June 1912 – 11 March 2009) was a Mexican architect. She was born in Xalapa, Veracruz, Mexico. Dehesa worked for close to 50 years in the Federal District of Mexico City, primarily designing single-family homes and apartment buildings. She was the first Mexican woman to graduate with a degree in architecture.

She graduated in 1937, the first Mexican woman to graduate with a degree in architecture. Her thesis, which won honorable mention from the jurors, was entitled "Artillery Barracks Type". It was accepted in 1939 and she attained her professional designation.

In 1974, she was announced as a joint winner of the Ruth Rivera Prize, together with the first Mexican female civil engineer, Concepción Mendizábal Mendoza. In 2006, the College of Architects of Mexico City, honored her for her contributions.

Frantz Yvelin

Frantz Yvelin is the current managing director of French airline Aigle Azur, since 2017.

Yvelin started his career in Information technology as consultant. Then, he founded two French airlines : "L'Avion" in 2006 and "La Compagnie" in 2013.

Also, he is a teacher in air transport at the French Civil Aviation University ("Mastère Spécialisé" degrees).

Jacques Maillot

Jacques Maillot (born 12 April 1962) is a French movie director and screenwriter. He has directed nine movies since 1993. His movie "Nos vies heureuses" was entered into the 1999 Cannes Film Festival.

Kleinbösingen

Kleinbösingen is a municipality of the district See in the Swiss canton of Fribourg.

Galmiz

Galmiz was a municipality in See in the canton of Fribourg in Switzerland. On 1 January 2022, the former municipalities of Clavaleyres (Canton of Bern), Galmiz and Gempenach merged to form the municipality of Murten.

Oeste Futebol Clube

Oeste Futebol Clube is a football club which plays in Brazil.

FC Sion

FC Sion is a football club which plays in Switzerland. The club was founded in 1909. Their home ground ist the Stade Tourbillon. 
FC Sion were founded in 1909 by Robert Gilliard. In 1914 they played in a league for the first time. From 1932 they played in the 4th level of Swiss football where they stayed mostly of the next 20 years.1962 they where promoted to Nationalliga A. 1965 they won the first Swiss Cup, 1974 the second. They won also in 1980, 1982 and 1986. 1992 they won the first Swiss Championship. From 1995 on they won the Swiss Cup three times in a row. 1997 they also won the double.

After financial troubles they were relegated in 2001. 2003 the did not get a professional license. The club was saved by architect and former footballer Christian Constantin. 2006 they came back to Super League.

Sionhas never lost a domestic cup final (13 wins in 13 appearances in the Swiss Cup) until a defeat by Basel in the 2017 edition.

Swiss Super League
Swiss Cup


Haldenstein

Haldenstein was a municipality in Landquart in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2021, Haldenstein became a part of Chur.

Zhao Wei

Zhao Wei (born 12 March 1976), also known as Vicky Zhao or Vicki Zhao, is a Chinese actress, film director, producer and pop singer. She is considered one of the most popular actresses in China and Chinese-speaking regions, and one of the highest paid actresses.

Over her 20 years acting career, Zhao has starred in many box-office smash-hits, including "Shaolin Soccer" (2001), "Red Cliff" (2008-2009), "Painted Skin" (2008), "" (2012), "Dearest" (2014) and "Lost in Hong Kong" (2015). She has received numerous awards from the Shanghai International Film Festival, Huabiao Awards, Changchun Film Festival, Hundred Flowers Awards and Shanghai Film Critics Awards for films like "A Time to Love" (2005) and "Mulan" (2009). In 2014, after almost 2-year break from acting, she returned to the silver screen in Peter Chan's movie "Dearest", and won the Hong Kong Film Critics Society Award and Hong Kong Film Award for Best Actress.

Her directorial debut "So Young" (2013) broke the box office record for movies directed by female Chinese directors in just a week. The movie also earned her multiple awards in mainland China, Hong Kong and Taiwan, including Golden Rooster Award for Best Directorial Debut, Hundred Flowers Award for Best Director and Hong Kong Film Award for Best Film from Mainland and Taiwan.

Zhao was named as member of the main Jury at the 73rd Venice Film Festival.

Zhao Wei became a Goodwill Ambassador of the United Nations Development Programme on 20 November 2016.

Młoszowa

Młoszowa [] is a village in the administrative district of Gmina Trzebinia in Chrzanów County, Lesser Poland Voivodeship in southern Poland. It is southeast of Trzebinia, east of Chrzanów, and west of the regional capital Kraków.

In 2004, 2,610 people lived there.

Bürserberg

Bürserberg is a municipality of the district Bludenz in the Austrian state of Vorarlberg.

Joseph Deiss

Joseph Deiss (born January 18, 1946) is a Swiss politician. He is a member of the Christian Democratic People's Party (CVP/PDC). He was a member of the Swiss Federal Council from 1999 to 2006, heading first the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs (1999–2002) and then the Federal Department of Economic Affairs (2003–2006). He was elected President of the United Nations General Assembly for its 65th session in 2010.

Martin Hub

Martin Hub (born March 13, 1964) is a Czech actor and stuntman. He was born in the Prague, Czech Republic, where he continues to live today, he acts in the stunt group Filmka. In 1992, he appeared in six parts of the American series, "Young Indiana Jones". He is best known for his appearances in movies such as "Titanic" (1997) , where he played the father of a small Slovak boy, "Saving Private Ryan" (1998) as Czech Wehrmacht Soldier, and he was Russell Crowe's stuntman in "Gladiator" (2000).

Free travel pass

A free travel pass is when certain passengers can use buses, trains or trams without paying a fare or presenting a ticket. They may need to present an identification card produced by their employer, or by the transport provider.

The following are types of passenger who may receive free travel on transport services:

Hinterrhein, Switzerland

Hinterrhein () was a municipality in Hinterrhein in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland. On 1 January 2019, the municipalities Hinterrhein, Nufenen and Splügen joined together to become the new municipality called Rheinwald.

Igis

Igis () was a municipality in the district of Landquart in the canton of Graubünden in Switzerland.

On 1 January 2012, the former municipalities of Igis and Mastrils merged into the new municipality of Landquart.


Tamara Tchinarova

Tamara Tchinarova Finch (also tr. Chinarova; born Tamara Rekemchuk, July 18, 1919 – August 31, 2017) was a Romanian ballet dancer and writer. She was born in Cetatea Albă, Kingdom of Romania.

During the 1940s, Tchinarova worked significantly to the development of Australian dance companies, including the Kirsova Ballet and the Borovansky Ballet. After retiring from dancing, she worked as a Russian/English interpreter for touring ballet companies, including the Australian Ballet, and as a dance writer.

Tchinarova was married to Australian actor Peter Finch from 1943 until they divorced in 1959.

Tchinarova died on August 31, 2017 at her home in Malaga, Spain of pneumonia at the age of 98.

Hagenthal-le-Haut

Hagenthal-le-Haut is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Hartmannswiller

Hartmannswiller () is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.


Hattstatt

Hattstatt is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Seneca County, Ohio

Seneca County is a county in the U.S. state of Ohio. In 2020, 55,069 people lived there. The county seat is Tiffin. It is named for the Seneca Indians.

Hagenbach (disambiguation)

Hagenbach can mean:

Hagenbach (river)

The Hagenbach is a river in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany.

Miiko Taka

Taka was born in Seattle, Washington. She grew up in Los Angeles, California.
Taka married Japanese-American actor Dale Ishimoto in Baltimore, Maryland, in 1944, and they had one son, Greg Shikata, who works in the film industry, and one daughter. They divorced in 1958. Taka's death, at the age of 97, was announced by her grandson on January 4, 2023.

Fairborn, Ohio

Fairborn is a city in Greene County, Ohio, United States. It is near Dayton and Wright-Patterson Air Force Base. 34,620 people lived there in the 2020 census.

Markethill

Markethill is a village in County Armagh in Northern Ireland in the United Kingdom. 1,647 people lived there in 2011.

Fairview Park, Ohio

Fairview Park is a city in Cuyahoga County, Ohio, in the United States. At the 2020 census, 17,291 people lived there.

Huber Heights, Ohio

Huber Heights is a city in Ohio, United States. It is in Montgomery, Miami and Greene counties. The city is named for Charles Huber who built many of the houses in the area. 43,439 lived there at the 2020 census.

Charles Gordon-Lennox, 10th Duke of Richmond

Charles Henry Gordon-Lennox, 10th Duke of Richmond, 10th Duke of Lennox, 10th Duke of Aubigny, 5th Duke of Gordon (19 September 1929 – 1 September 2017), styled Lord Settrington until 1935 and Earl of March and Kinrara between 1935 and 1989, was an English peer and landowner. He was a Deputy Lieutenant of West Sussex from 1975 until 1990, and Lord Lieutenant from 1990 to 1994.


James Hamilton, 5th Duke of Abercorn

James Hamilton, 5th Duke of Abercorn (born 4 July 1934) is a British nobleman, peer, and politician. 

Hamilton became Duke of Abercorn in the Peerage of Ireland on the death of his father in June 1979. He was the son of James Edward Hamilton, 4th Duke of Abercorn, and Lady Mary Crichton (daughter of Lt.-Col. Henry William Crichton, Viscount Crichton (1872–1914), eldest son of John Crichton, 4th Earl Erne). He is a former politician and Lord Steward of the Household.

James Graham, 8th Duke of Montrose

James Graham, 8th Duke of Montrose (born 6 April 1935), known as Earl of Kincardine until 1954 and Marquess of Graham between 1954 and 1992, is a Southern Rhodesia-born hereditary peer of the Peerage of Scotland and a British Conservative Party politician.

The Duke of Montrose was a shadow minister for the Scotland Office before the 2010 General Election. He has also spent some time in China promoting renewable energy and environmental measures, and he is a fluent speaker of Mandarin.


Helmut Oberlander

Helmut Oberlander (15 February 1924 – 20 September 2021) was a Ukrainian-born Canadian citizen who was a member of the Einsatzgruppen death squads of Nazi Germany in the occupied Soviet Union during World War II. Oberlander was on the Simon Wiesenthal Center's list of most wanted Nazi war criminals.

Beginning in 1994, the Government of Canada made repeated attempts to revoke Oberlander's citizenship.

In July 2017 the Government of Canada used an Order in Council to strip Oberlander of his Canadian citizenship for the fourth time.

Oberlander died at his home in Waterloo, Ontario on 20 September 2021, at the age of 97.

Arrondissement of Nyons

The arrondissement of Nyons is an arrondissement of France. It is part of the Drôme "département" in the Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region. Its capital is the city of Nyons.

When the "arrrondissements" of France were created on 17 February 1800, the "arrondissement" of Nyons was part of the department of Drôme.

The "arrondissement" of Nyons is the most southern of the "arrondissements" of the department; it has an enclave of the Vaucluse department. It is the largest "arrondissement" of the department, with an area of . It is the second "arrondissement" in population with 141,971 inhabitants and a population density of inhabitants/km².

The "arrondissement" of Nyons is bordered to the north by the "arrondissement" of Die, to the west by the Hautes-Alpes department, to the southeast by the Alpes-de-Haute-Provence department, to the south by the Vaucluse department and to the west by the Ardèche department.

After the reorganisation of the cantons in France, cantons are not subdivisions of the "arrondissements" so they could have "communes" that belong to different "arrondissements".

There are 6 cantons in the arrondissement of Nyons: they are:


The "arrondissement" of Nyons has 149 "communes"; they are (with their INSEE codes):
The "communes" with more inhabitants in the "arrondissement" are:


Disappearance of Etan Patz

Etan Patz was a boy from New York City who was abducted on May 25, 1979 in the SoHo village. He was declared dead in 2001. His disappearance started the use of milk cartons for missing children in the United States.

Jo Frost

Jo Frost (born 27 June 1970) is a British nanny who hosted a television program broadcasted in the United Kingdom called "Supernanny", first aired in 2004. She later did the United States version, and it first aired in January 2005. Supernanny ended in March 2011 in the United States and 7 September 2012 in the United Kingdom. Frost now does "Jo Frost: Nanny on Tour" on the UP channel.

Jo Frost has a husband, his name is Darrin Jackson. She married him in 2014.

Bus garage

A bus garage or bus depot is a place where buses are stored and repaired. Bus garages can also be called a bus depot but in some countries a bus depot can also mean a bus station. In many areas, bus garages are on the site of former tram sheds, where trams were stored, before they were replaced with buses. In other areas, garages were built to replace horse-bus yards.

The largest bus depot in the world is Millennium Park Bus Depot In Delhi India.

Most bus garages will contain:


Garages may also contain recovery vehicles.

Bus depot

Bus depot may mean:


Peadar Lamb

Peadar Lamb (1930 – 1 September 2017) was an Irish stage, television and voice actor. He was born in Carraroe, Galway, Ireland.

Lamb was known for starring in many Irish language productions, for playing king Fin Varra in the television series "Mystic Knights of Tir Na Nog" and for lending his voice to old Piggley Winks on the Children's television series "Jakers! The Adventures of Piggley Winks".

Lamb died in his sleep at his home in Glenageary, Ireland on 1 September 2017 at the age of 87.

Anyang

Anyang () is a city in northern Henan in the People's Republic of China.

Hebi

Hebi () is a prefecture-level city in northern Henan province, China.

Jiaozuo

Jiaozuo () is a prefecture-level city in northern Henan province, China. In 2010, 3,540,101 people lived there.

Jiaozuo administers 4 districts, 2 county-level cities and 4 counties.



Puyang

Puyang (濮阳) is a prefecture-level city in northeastern Henan province, China. It is on the northern shore of the Yellow River.

Puyang administers 1 district and 5 counties.


Xinxiang

Xinxiang () is a prefecture-level city in northern Henan province, China. In 2010, 5,707,801 people lived there.

Xinxiang administers 4 districts, 2 county-level cities and 6 counties.


Kaifeng

Kaifeng () is a prefecture-level city in eastern Henan province, China. It was once the capital of the Song dynasty, and is one of the Eight Ancient Capitals of China. About 5 million people lived there in 2010.

Kaifeng administers five districts and four counties:



Luohe

Luohe () is a prefecture-level city in central Henan province, China. In 2010, 2,544,266 people lived there.

Luohe administers 3 districts and 2 counties.


Zhoukou

Zhoukou () is a prefecture-level city in eastern Henan province, China. In 2010, 8,953,793 people lived there.

Zhoukou administers 1 district, 1 county-level city and 8 counties.


Pingdingshan

Pingdingshan (平顶山) is a prefecture-level city in central Henan province, China. It is also called Eagle City. In 2010, 4,904,701 people lived there.

Pingdingshan administers 4 districts, 2 county-level cities and 4 counties.


Luoyang

Luoyang is a prefecture-level city in western Henan province, China. It has also been spelled Loyang. It is located by the Luo River and Yellow River. In 2010, 6,549,941 people lived there.

Luoyang administers 5 "built-up" urban districts, 1 additional district, 1 county-level city, and 9 more rural counties:


Nanyang, Henan

Nanyang () is a prefecture-level city in southwestern Henan province, China. In 2010, 10,263,660 lived there.

Nanyang administers 2 districts, 1 county-level city and 10 counties.



Sanmenxia

Sanmenxia (三门峡) is prefecture-level city in western Henan Province, China. Its name has also been spelled Sanmenhsia. It is on the south side of the Yellow River. In 2010, 2,234,018 people lived there.

Sanmenxia administers two districts, two county-level cities and two counties.


Shangqiu

Shangqiu (商丘) is a prefecture-level city in eastern Henan in the People's Republic of China. Its name has also been spelled Shangkiu. Shangqiu was the first capital of the Shang dynasty. In 2010, 7,362,975 people lived there.

Shangqiu administers 2 districts, 1 county-level city and 6 counties.

Xinyang

Xinyang (信阳) is a prefecture-level city in southern Henan in the People's Republic of China. It has also been spelled Sinyang. The city is located on the south bank of the Huai River. In 2010, 6,109,106 people lived there.

Xinyang is divided into two districts and eight counties.

Xuchang

Xuchang () is a prefecture-level city in central Henan province, China. In 2010, 4,307,488 people lived there.

The prefecture-level city of Xuchang administers 2 district, 2 county-level cities and 2 counties.

Zhumadian

Zhumadian (驻马店) is a is a prefecture-level city in southern Henan in the People's Republic of China. It has also been spelled Chumatien. In 2010, 7,230,744 people lived there.

Zhumadian administers 1 district and 9 counties.


Derek Barber, Baron Barber of Tewkesbury

Derek Coates Barber, Baron Barber of Tewkesbury (17 June 1918 – 21 November 2017) was a British member of the House of Lords. He also served as a senior civil servant and agricultural expert. He was born in Tewkesbury, Gloucestershire, England.

He served as Chairman and later President of the Royal Society for the Protection of Birds; President of the Gloucestershire Naturalists' Society; President of the Royal Agricultural Society of England; President of the British Pig Association; and a Vice-President of the Nature in Art Trust. Barber was knighted in the 1984 Birthday Honours and was created a life peer as Baron Barber of Tewkesbury, "of Gotherington in the County of Gloucestershire", on 12 August 1992.

Barber was a member of the House of Lords until his retirement on 25 March 2016. He died on 21 November 2017 at the age of 99.

Jim Bridenstine

James Frederick Bridenstine (born June 15, 1975) is an American politician. Bridenstine was the 13th Administrator of NASA from April 2018 to January 2021. He served as the United States Representative for Oklahoma's 1st congressional district, based in Tulsa, from 2013 to 2018. He is a member of the Republican Party. 

On September 1, 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Bridenstine to be the next Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration.

Export–Import Bank of the United States

The Export–Import Bank of the United States (abbreviated as Ex-Im Bank or the Bank) is the official export credit agency (ECA) of the United States Federal Government.

Operating as a wholly owned federal government corporation, the Bank "assists in financing and facilitating U.S. exports of goods and services". Under its charter, the Bank does not compete with private sector lenders, but rather provides financing for transactions that would otherwise not occur because commercial lenders are either unable or unwilling to accept the political or commercial risks inherent in the deal.

Its acting chairman and president is Charles J. Hall, awaiting the nomination and confirmation of a replacement for former chairman and president Fred Hochberg.


Scott Garrett

Ernest Scott Garrett (born July 9, 1959) is an American politician and banker.

Garrett was the U.S. Representative for , serving from 2003 to 2017. He is a member of the Republican Party. He previously served in the New Jersey General Assembly from 1992 to 2003.

Garrett chaired the powerful United States House Financial Services Subcommittee on Capital Markets and Government-Sponsored Enterprises. He lost his 2016 reelection campaign and was succeeded by Josh Gottheimer, a Democrat.

On June 19, 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Garrett to become chairman and president of the Export–Import Bank of the United States, a post that requires confirmation by the United States Senate. In a 10-13 vote on December 19, 2017, the Senate Banking Committee declined to advance his nomination.

Links formerly displayed via the CongLinks template:

Office of National Drug Control Policy

The Office of National Drug Control Policy is a part of the Executive Office of the President of the United States. 

The "Director of National Drug Control Policy", known as the "Drug Czar", heads the office. "Drug Czar" was a term first used in the media by then-Senator Joe Biden in October 1982. 

In addition to running the ONDCP, the director evaluates, coordinates, and oversees both the international and domestic anti-drug efforts of executive branch agencies and ensures that such efforts sustain and complement State and local anti-drug activities. The Director advises the President regarding changes in the organization, management, budgeting, and personnel of federal agencies that affect U.S. anti-drug efforts; and regarding federal agency compliance with their obligations under the National Drug Control Strategy, an annual report required by law.

As early as February 2017, "The New York Times" had reported that the Trump administration was considering eliminating the office, and other programs responsible for a total of $2.5 billion of domestic spending.
In May, the office's website was blanked and Politico and "The Washington Post" both reported that the office was about to be drastically defunded.

The title of Director, as well as the office, was created by the Anti-Drug Abuse Act of 1988. The position had cabinet-level status from 1993 to 2009.

Tom Marino

Thomas Anthony Marino (born August 13, 1952) is an American politician and attorney. He was the U.S. Representative for from 2011 to 2019. He is a member of the Republican Party. 

On September 1, 2017, The White House announced that President Donald Trump nominated Marino as the Director of the Office of National Drug Control Policy. He withdrew on October 17, 2017 following reports that he championed a bill that protected opioid manufacturers and prevented DEA agents from being able to battle the Opioid Epidemic.

Links formerly displayed via the CongLinks template:

United States Agency for International Development

The United States Agency for International Development (USAID) is the United States Government agency which is primarily responsible for administering civilian foreign aid.

President John F. Kennedy created USAID from its predecessor agencies in 1961 by executive order. USAID's programs are authorized by Congress in the Foreign Assistance Act, which Congress supplements through directions in annual funding appropriation acts and other legislation. Although it is technically an independent agency, USAID operates subject to the foreign policy guidance of the President, Secretary of State, and the National Security Council. 

USAID operates in Africa, Asia, Latin America, the Middle East, and Eastern Europe.


Mark Andrew Green

Mark Andrew Green (born June 1, 1960) is an American politician and diplomat. He is a member of the Republican Party.

Green was in the Wisconsin State Assembly from 1993 to 1999. He was a member of the United States House of Representatives from 1999 to 2007, representing . He ran unsuccessfully for Governor of Wisconsin in 2006. He was the United States Ambassador to Tanzania from August 2007 until January 2009.

In 2014, he became the president of the International Republican Institute, and sits on the board of directors of the Millennium Challenge Corporation.

On May 10, 2017, President Donald Trump chose Green to lead the United States Agency for International Development. Green was confirmed on August 3, and sworn in on August 7, 2017. He resigned in April 2020.

Centers for Medicare &amp; Medicaid Services

The Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (CMS), previously known as the Health Care Financing Administration (HCFA), is a federal agency within the United States Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) that administers the Medicare program and works in partnership with state governments to administer Medicaid, the State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP), and health insurance portability standards.

In addition to these programs, CMS has other responsibilities, including the administrative simplification standards from the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (HIPAA), quality standards in long-term care facilities (more commonly referred to as nursing homes) through its survey and certification process, clinical laboratory quality standards under the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments, and oversight of HealthCare.gov.


Seema Verma

Seema Verma (born September 27, 1970) is an American health policy consultant. She was the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, serving under the Trump Administration from 2017 to 2021. She is the founder and CEO of SVC Inc., a health policy consulting firm.


Ajit Pai

Ajit Varadaraj Pai (born January 10, 1973) is an American attorney. He served as the Chairman of the United States Federal Communications Commission (FCC) from 2017 to 2021. He is the first Indian American to hold the office.

Pai was born in Buffalo, New York. He was raised in Parsons, Kansas. Pai studied at Harvard University and at the University of Chicago.

He has served in various positions at the FCC since being appointed to the commission by President Barack Obama in May 2012, at the recommendation of Mitch McConnell. He was confirmed unanimously by the United States Senate on May 7, 2012, and was sworn in on May 14, 2012, for a five-year term.

In January 2017, President Donald Trump named Pai as Chairman of the agency.

In March 2017, Trump announced that he would renominate Pai to serve another five-year term at the FCC, which will require confirmation by the U.S. Senate. Before his appointment to the FCC, Pai held positions with the Department of Justice, the United States Senate, the FCC's Office of General Counsel, and Verizon Communications.

On May 18, 2017, the Federal Communications Commission took the first formal step toward dismantling the net neutrality rules.

Pai was confirmed by the U.S. Senate for an extra five-year term as FCC Chairman on October 2, 2017.

He became well known in 2017 in his criticism and attempt to end the Obama-era policy net neutrality. It received wide criticism.

On November 30, 2020, Pai announced his plans to leave the FCC. He resigned from his post as FCC Chairman on January 20, the day that Joe Biden was inaugurated as President of the United States.

Pai lives in Arlington, Virginia, with his wife Janine Van Lancker, daughter Annabelle Malathi Pai, and son Alexander Madhav Pai.

Scott Gottlieb

Scott Gottlieb is an American physician. Gottlieb was commissioner of the Food and Drug Administration from 2017 to 2019.

Gottlieb was a clinical assistant professor at New York University School of Medicine, a resident fellow at the conservative think tank the American Enterprise Institute, and an internist at Tisch Hospital.

U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission

The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) is an independent agency of the United States federal government. The SEC was created during the aftermath of "Black Tuesday". Its purpose is to protect investors and enforce laws regarding the stock market. 

The SEC holds primary responsibility for enforcing the federal securities laws, proposing securities rules, and regulating the securities industry, the nation's stock and options exchanges, and other activities and organizations, including the electronic securities markets in the United States.

In addition to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, which created it, the SEC enforces the Securities Act of 1933, the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, the Investment Company Act of 1940, the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, the Sarbanes–Oxley Act of 2002, and other statutes. The SEC was created by Section 4 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (now codified as and commonly referred to as the Exchange Act or the 1934 Act).

Joseph P. Kennedy, Sr. was the first Chair of the SEC. Later SEC commissioners and chairmen include William O. Douglas, Jerome Frank (one of the leaders of the legal realism movement), and William J. Casey (who later headed the Central Intelligence Agency under President Ronald Reagan).

The current chair is Gary Gensler serving since 2021 after being nominated by President Joe Biden.


Jay Clayton

Walter J. "Jay" Clayton III (born July 11, 1966) is an American attorney. He was the 32nd Chairman of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission from May 4, 2017 until December 23, 2020.

From 1993 to 1995, Clayton clerked for Marvin Katz, judge of the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania.

At Sullivan & Cromwell, Clayton was co-managing partner of the firm's General Practice Group.

On January 4, 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Clayton to be SEC Chairman. On May 2, 2017, the U.S. Senate voted 61-37 to confirm Clayton as Chairman of the SEC. Votes cast in favor of Clayton's confirmation included nine Democrats and one Independent alongside 51 Republican votes. On May 4, 2017, Clayton was sworn in, marking the official beginning of his role as Chairman.

On June 19, 2020, United States Attorney General Bill Barr announced that President Trump would nominate Clayton to replace Geoffrey Berman as United States Attorney for the Southern District of New York.

Richard Grenell

Richard Allen Grenell (born September 18, 1966) is an American media commentator and diplomat. Grenell was the acting Director of National Intelligence from February 20, 2020 to May 26, 2020. He was the United States Ambassador to Germany from May 8, 2018 to June 1, 2020. He was the longest serving spokesman at the United Nations. 

Grenell also briefly served as national security spokesman for Mitt Romney in his 2012 campaign for President, becoming the first openly gay spokesman for a Republican presidential candidate. He resigned after pressure from social conservatives.

In September 2017, President Donald Trump nominated Grenell as U.S. Ambassador to Germany. He was confirmed 56–42 on April 26, 2018. He presented his credentials to the President of Germany on May 8, 2018.

In June 2013, Grenell revealed that he had been diagnosed with non-Hodgkins lymphoma and started chemotherapy. In September 2013, Grenell announced that he was in remission.

Grenell is openly gay.

On February 19, 2020, President Trump announced his plans to make Grenell as the acting Director of National Intelligence. This made Grenell the first openly gay politician to become a member of the United States Cabinet.

Kenneth I. Juster

Kenneth I. Juster (born November 24, 1954) served as the Deputy Assistant to the President for International Economic Affairs and Deputy Director of the National Economic Council in the United States Government from January 2017-June 2017.

According to press reports, in June 2017 he was to be nominated to the post of U.S. Ambassador to the Republic of India. His nomination was confirmed by the United States Senate on November 2, 2017.


Majuli

Mājuli or Majoli (, is an island in the Brahmaputra River, Assam, India.

The island had a total area of at the beginning of the 20th century. Much land was eroded, so it had an area of only in 2014. Majuli has shrunk as the river surrounding it has grown. However, it is recognised by Guinness Book of World Records as the World's Largest River Island.

Parenchyma

Parenchyma forms the bulk of plant ground tissue, where they may be specialised to function in photosynthesis, storage, or transport. Parenchyma is integral to vascular tissue, where it provides a route of exchange for materials within and between the xylem and the phloem.

Parenchyma refers to both a cell type and a simple tissue and is found within all three tissue systems of vascular plants: the dermal, ground (fundamental) and vascular tissue systems.

Parenchyma functions are diverse and dependant on both location within the plant and morphological specialisation.

Parenchyma is composed of living cells that retain the ability to divide and hence play a key role in several developmental processes, as well in plant response to wounding.

Joseph Joestar

Joseph Joestar (ジョセフ・ジョースター, Josefu Jōsutā) is a main character from the manga and anime "JoJo's Bizarre Adventure". First introduced in "Battle Tendency" with his friend, Caesar Zeppeli, he appears in the later parts "Stardust Crusaders" and "Diamond is Unbreakable". After "Stardust Crusaders", Joseph's grandson, Jotaro Kujo, is the JoJo with the most major appearances in the series. From his birth he can use a special power called the "Ripple" (Hamon in the original Japanese), which is based on life energy. In Jojo's Bizarre adventure people also can have special powers that are called a "Stand". Joseph has a stand which is called Hermit Purple. It is called that because it represents the 9th tarot card: The Hermit. This stand can take spirit photos, be used as a grappling hook, and conduct the Ripple like an electric current. It appears as a lot of purple vines covered in thorns. 

Bayer

Bayer AG is a German pharmaceutical company. It is headquartered in Leverkusen, North Rhine-Westphalia. The company was founded in 1863 by Friedrich Bayer and are best known for their first produced drug Aspirin.

Walter Becker

Walter Carl Becker (February 20, 1950 – September 3, 2017) was an American musician, songwriter, and record producer. He was best known as the co-founder, guitarist, bassist and co-songwriter of Steely Dan.

Becker and Donald Fagen reformed Steely Dan in 1993 and had remained active, most notably including their 2000 "Two Against Nature" album, which won four Grammy Awards. Becker also released two solo albums, 1994's "11 Tracks of Whack" and 2008's "Circus Money".

Becker died on September 3, 2017 after suffering from an unknown illness in Maui, Hawaii at the age of 67.

Hausgauen

Hausgauen is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Hecken, Haut-Rhin

Hecken is a commune. It is found in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France.

Damon Keith

Damon Jerome Keith (July 4, 1922 – April 28, 2019) was an American judge. He was a Senior Judge for the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit. He served as Judge on the United States Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit from 1977 until his retirement in 1995. He was nominated by President Jimmy Carter.

Keith was born in Detroit, Michigan. He studied at Wayne State University, at Howard University and at West Virginia State University. Keith married Rachel Boone in 1953. They had three daughters. Boone died in 2007.

Keith died on April 28, 2019 at his home in Detroit, at the age of 96. The cause was problems from leukemia and heart disease.


Joan Colom

Joan Colom i Altemir (April 1921 – 3 September 2017) was a Spanish photographer. He was born in Barcelona.

Colom was known for his portraits of Barcelona's underworld and working class, especially in the infamous neighbourhood of Raval. Colom was a self-taught photographer, and produced his best-known pictures while working during the week as an accountant.

In 1957 he became a member of the Agrupació Fotogràfica de Catalunya (AFC), and co-founded in 1960 the artist's group "El Mussol" ("The Owl").

Colom died in Barcelona on 3 September 2017 at the age of 96.


Hégenheim

Hégenheim is a commune. It is in the Haut-Rhin department of eastern France. It is on the border to Switzerland.

John Ashbery

John Lawrence Ashbery (July 28, 1927 – September 3, 2017) was an American poet. He wrote more than twenty volumes of poetry and won nearly every major American award for poetry, including a Pulitzer Prize in 1976 for his collection "Self-Portrait in a Convex Mirror".

Ashbery died on September 3, 2017 at his home in Hudson, New York of natural causes at the age of 90. He was survived by his husband David Kermani.



Richard Sui On Chang

Richard Sui On Chang (November 30, 1941–August 30, 2017) was bishop of the Episcopal Diocese of Hawaii from 1997 to 2006. He was ordained to the diaconate on March 5, 1966, and to the priesthood on September 4, 1966. 

Chang was consecrated Bishop of Hawaii on March 30, 1997 and died in Honolulu on August 30, 2017 from pneumonia at the age of 75.


Horacio White

Horacio White (April 2, 1927 – August 26, 2017) was an Argentine swimmer. He was born in Buenos Aires. He competed at the 1948 Summer Olympics in the 100 m freestyle and 4×200 m freestyle relay, reaching the final in the latter and coming 6th.

White died in Buenos Aires on August 26, 2017 at the age of 90.

Michael J. C. Gordon

Michael John Caldwell "Mike" Gordon FRS (28 February 1948 – 22 August 2017) was a British computer scientist. He was born in Ripon, Yorkshire.

Gordon led the development of the HOL theorem prover. He was elected a Fellow of the Royal Society in 1994, and in 2008 a two-day research meeting on "Tools and Techniques for Verification of System Infrastructure" was held there in honour of his 60th birthday.

Gordon died in Cambridge, Cambridgeshire on 22 August 2017 at the age of 69.

M. R. Srinivasan

Malur Ramasamy Srinivasan (born 5 January 1930), is an Indian nuclear scientist and mechanical engineer. He played a key role in the development of India's nuclear power programme and the development of the PHWR. He received the Padma Vibhushan Award. He was born in Bangalore, India.


Viktor Cherepkov

Viktor Ivanovich Cherepkov (; April 16, 1942 – September 2, 2017) was a Russian politician. He was a Deputy of the State Duma of the third and fourth convocation. He was mayor of Vladivostok (1993–1994; 1996–1998). He was a Captain 1st rank in retirement.

Cherepkov died on September 2, 2017 of lung cancer in Moscow, Russia at the age of 75.


Dave Hlubek

David Lawrence "Dave" Hlubek [ ] (August 28, 1951 – September 3, 2017) was an American guitarist. He was the lead guitarist and founding member of the Southern rock band Molly Hatchet. He was born in Jacksonville, Florida. His best known song was "Flirtin' with Disaster".

Hlubek died of a heart attack on September 3, 2017, at the age of 66.

Catalan Company

The Grand Catalan Company (), officially the "Magna Societas Catalanorum", and widely known as the Catalan Company, was a free company of mercenaries founded by Roger de Flor in the early 14th century.

De Flor recruited soldiers left unemployed with the Peace of Caltabellotta in 1302 by the Crown of Aragon, who opposed the French dynasty of Anjou.

In 1303 de Flor offered the services of his Company to the Byzantine emperor Andronicus II Palaeologus and his son the Basileus Michael IX Palaeologus. The Orthodox Byzantine Empire was under threat by the Turks, who were invading Anatolia and established the mighty Sultanate of Rum, whose name expressed succeeding to the '[Eastern] Roman' empire.

Roger de Flor's offer was accepted by both Byzantium and by the Crown of Aragon, rulers in Sicily and southern Italy, who were quite eager to rid themselves of unemployed and unruly soldiers. Roger de Flor departed with 39 galleys and transports carrying around 1,500 knights and 4,000 Almogavars, special foot soldiers employed mainly serving the kingdom's interests in the Mediterranean Sea, especially from Catalonia, Valencia and Aragon.

Roger de Flor arrived in Constantinople with the help of king Frederick III of Sicily in 1303, and married the niece of Andronicus, daughter of the Tsar of Bulgaria, and was named Megas Doux ('Great Dux', i.e. head of the fleet). Roger de Flor campaigned with his Company in Anatolia, defeating the Turks but also engaging in widespread violence and looting of the Byzantine inhabitants. By this point, the Catalans, were considered by the Byzantines to be little better than brigands and freebooters. 
This put him at odds with the Byzantine Emperor, and the indiscipline of the Almogavars marked the end of Roger de Flor. On 30 April 1305, he was slain along with 300 cavalry and 1,000 infantry by the Alans, another group of foreign mercenaries at the service of the Emperor. 

The Company proceeded to devastate the Balkanic regions of Thrace and Macedonia for the next two years, including an attack on Thessalonica by land and sea, and raids against the monasteries on Mount Athos. Until recently no Catalans were allowed on the Athos peninsula by the Athonite monks.The struggle ended with the departure of both the Infante and Ferran, and with Bernat de Rocafort becoming leader of the Company. 

Bernat de Rocafort offered the Company's services to Charles of Valois to strengthen his claim to the Byzantine Empire and whom the Count of Barcelona had expelled from Sicily before founding the Company in a dynastic war for the Crown of Aragon. In 1309, Charles of Valois' deputy Thibault de Chepoy ended the leadership of Rocafort, arresting him and sending him to Naples where he died of hunger the same year. 

In 1318 the Company expanded its power into Thessaly, taking control of the Duchy of Neopatria.

The Catalan rule was to last until 1388–1390, when they were defeated by the Navarrese Company under Pedro de San Superano, Juan de Urtubia, and allied with the Florentines under Nerio I Acciaioli of Corinth. His descendants controlled them until 1456 when they were conquered by the Ottoman Empire. By that time, like many military enterprises, the Great Company had faded out of history.

The early history of the Catalan Company was chronicled by Ramon Muntaner, a former member of the company, in his "Crònica".


Joris Vercammen

Joris August Odilius Ludovicus Vercammen (born October 14, 1952 in Lier) is a Belgian priest of an Old Catholic Church denomination.

Vercammen was a Roman Catholic priest in his native country.

He went to the Old Catholic Church of the Netherlands in 1988. He has been archbishop of this church since 2000.

Joris Vercammen is married with three children.


Johnny Gaudreau

John Michael "Johnny" Gaudreau (born August 13, 1993) is an American professional ice hockey left winger currently playing for the Calgary Flames in the National Hockey League (NHL).

