Arctic ice pack

The Arctic ice pack or arctic ice cap is an ice shield covering the Arctic Ocean. It changes during the year. Usually, the ice melts in spring and summer, and increases during autumn and winter. The minimum cover is around mid-September. Summer ice cover in the Arctic is about half of winter cover. Some of the ice survives from one year to the next. Currently, 28% of Arctic basin sea ice is multi-year ice. Multi-year ice is thicker than seasonal ice: up to thick over large areas, with ridges up to thick. As well as the regular seasonal cycle there has been an underlying trend of declining sea ice in the Arctic in recent decades.

Sea ice is important for the heat balance of the polar oceans: it insulates the (relatively) warm ocean from the much colder air above. With ice, less heat is lost from the oceans. Sea ice is highly reflective of solar radiation, reflecting about 60% of incoming solar radiation when bare and about 80% when covered with snow. This is due to a feedback known as the albedo effect. This is much greater than the reflectivity of the sea (about 10%). The ice also affects the absorption of sunlight at the surface.

The sea ice cycle is also an important source of dense (saline) bottom water. When sea water freezes it leaves most of its salt content behind. The remaining surface water, made dense by the extra salinity, sinks and produces dense water masses such as North Atlantic Deep Water. This production of dense water is essential in maintaining the thermohaline circulation, and the accurate representation of these processes is important in climate modelling.

The Odden ice tongue in the Greenland Sea is an area where so-called pancake ice is the most common type of ice. Odden means headland in Norwegian. During the winter, it grows eastward from the East Greenland ice edge around 72°N to 74°N. The Jan Mayen Current brings some very cold polar surface water, which it takes from the East Greenland Current. Most of the old ice continues south, driven by the wind, so a cold open water surface is exposed on which new ice forms as frazil and pancake in the rough seas.

Records of Arctic Sea ice from the United Kingdom's Hadley Centre for Climate Prediction and Research go back to the turn of the 20th century. Before 1950, the data is not as good as after 1950. Reliable measurements of sea ice edge begin within the satellite era. From the late 1970s, there were different satellites that could provide data which was independent of solar illumination or weather conditions. The frequency and accuracy of passive microwave measurements improved with the launch of the DMSP F8 Special Sensor Microwave/Imager (SSMI) in 1987. Both the sea ice area and extent are estimated. The latter is lager, as it is defined as the area of ocean with at least 15% sea ice.

A modeling study of the 52-year period from 1947 to 1999 found a statistically significant decrease in Arctic ice volume of 3% per decade, caused by an increase in tempertature. A computer-based, time-resolved calculation of sea ice volume, fitted to various measurements, revealed that monitoring the ice volume is much more important for evaluating sea ice loss than pure area considerations.

The trends from 1979 to 2002 have been a statistically significant Arctic sea ice decrease of 2.5% ± 0.9% per decade during those 23 years. Climate models simulated this trend in 2002. The September minimum ice extent trend for 1979–2011 declined by 12.0% per decade during 32 years. In 2007 the minimum extent fell by more than a million square kilometers, the biggest decline since accurate satellite data has been available, to . New research shows the Arctic Sea ice to be melting faster than predicted by any of the 18 computer models used by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change in preparing its 2007 assessments. In 2012, a new record low of about was reached.

In the overall mass balance, the volume of sea ice depends on the thickness of the ice as well as the area covered. While the satellite era has enabled better measurement of trends in area, accurate ice thickness measurements remain a challenge. "Nonetheless, the extreme loss of this summer’s sea ice cover and the slow onset of freeze-up portends lower than normal ice extent throughout autumn and winter, and the ice that grows back is likely to be fairly thin". As more and more of the sea ice is thinner first-year ice the greater effect storms have on its stability with turbulence resulting from major extratropical cyclones resulting in extensive fractures of sea ice.

Same Time, Next Year (movie)

Same Time, Next Year is a 1978 American romantic comedy-drama movie directed by Robert Mulligan and was based on the 1975 play of the same name by Bernard Slade. It stars Alan Alda, Ellen Burstyn, Ivan Bonar and was distributed by Universal Pictures. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1979.


Tom Parker (singer)

Thomas Anthony Parker (4 August 1988 – 30 March 2022) was an English singer, record producer and sound engineer. He was best known for being a member of the British-Irish boy band The Wanted. He was born in Bolton, Greater Manchester.

In October 2020, Parker was diagnosed with terminal glioblastoma. He died from the disease on 30 March 2022, aged 33.


Yanni

Yiannis Chryssomallis (, born November 14, 1954), known professionally as Yanni ( ), is a Greek composer, keyboardist, pianist, and music producer. He was born in Kalamata, Greece.

At least sixteen of Yanni's albums have peaked at No. 1 in "Billboard's" "Top New Age Album" category, and two albums ("Dare to Dream" and "In My Time") received Grammy Award nominations. His career began in 1980.

John Derek

John Derek (born Derek Delevan Harris; August 12, 1926 – May 22, 1998) was an American actor, director, screenwriter, producer and photographer. He appeared in many movies such as "Knock on Any Door", "All the King's Men" (both 1949), and "Rogues of Sherwood Forest" (1950). 

He was known for his marriage with Bo Derek, which lasted from 1976 until his death in 1998. He was born in Los Angeles.

Derek died on May 22, 1998 from heart disease in Santa Maria, California at the age of 71.

Margaret Nolan

Margaret A. Nolan (29 October 1943 – 5 October 2020) was an English visual artist, actress and model. She was best known for her appearances in the 1964 movies "Goldfinger" and "A Hard Day's Night". Nolan was born in Norton Radstock, Somerset. Her career lasted from 1964 to 2019.

Nolan died on 5 October 2020 in London from cancer at the age of 76.


Jean Martin (pianist)

Jean Martin (7 November 1927 – 7 October 2020) was a French pianist. He was born in Lyon, France.

Martin began a teaching career, starting in Grenoble in 1953. He recorded two albums dedicated to the works of Carl Maria von Weber, five dedicated to Robert Schumann, two to Stephen Heller and Gabriel Fauré. In 1970, he played with the Trio Delta with violinist Flora Elphège and cellist Claude Burgos.

Martin died on 7 October 2020 in Paris, aged 92.

Stephen Heller

Stephen Heller () (15 May 181514 January 1888) was a Hungarian pianist, teacher and composer. Heller was an important figure for later Romantic composers. 


Jack Sutherland

John Wilson Sutherland (1927 – 8 October 2020) was a New Zealand sprinter. He won a bronze medal representing his country at the 1950 British Empire Games. He was born in Oamaru, New Zealand.

Sutherland died on 8 October 2020 in Oamaru at the age of 93.

Carlton Chapman

Carlton Anthony Chapman (13 April 1971 – 12 October 2020) was an Indian professional footballer.

Chapman played as midfielder for the Indian national team between 1995 and 2001 and also captained the team. He played with East Bengal and JCT Mills.

As coach, Chapman had a six-year career with I-League 2nd Division club Tata Football Academy from 2002 to 2008, followed by Royal Wahingdoh FC and Students Union of the Bangalore Super Division.

Chapman died in Bangalore from a heart attack on 12 October 2020, aged 49.

Hugo Arana

Hugo Arana (July 23, 1943 – October 11, 2020) was an Argentine actor and comedian. He was born in Monte Grande, Argentina. His career began in 1970. His best known roles were in "El Santo de la Espada", "The Truce" and "Los exitosos Pells".

Arana died at a Buenos Aires hospital from COVID-19 on October 11, 2020 at the age of 77.

Boro Drljača

Borislav Drljača (Serbian Cyrillic: Борислав Дрљача; 29 August 1941 – 11 October 2020), better known as Bora Drljača, was a Serbian folk singer. 

Drljača recorded over four hundred songs including "Stari vuk" ("Old Wolf"), "Ne namiguj na me tuđa ženo" ("Don't Wink at Me, Someone Else's Wife"), and "Plači, mala, plači" ("Cry, Baby, Cry").

Drljača also appeared on reality shows "Veliki Brat VIP 4" (2010) and "Parovi 4" (2015). 

Drljača died of colon cancer on 11 October 2020 in Belgrade, aged 79.

Autumn in New York (movie)

Autumn in New York is a 2000 American romantic drama movie directed by Joan Chen and starring Richard Gere, Winona Ryder, Anthony LaPaglia, Elaine Stritch, Sherry Springfield, Jill Hennessy, J.K. Simmons, Mary Beth Hurt. It was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer.

Ângelo Martins

Ângelo Gaspar Martins (19 April 1930 – 11 October 2020), simply known as Ângelo, was a Portuguese footballer. He played as a defender for Benfica and the Portugal national team. His career lasted from 1945 to 1962. He was born in Porto, Portugal.

Martins died on 11 October 2020 at the age of 90.

Benfica

Benfica

Jamie Raskin

Jamin Ben "Jamie" Raskin (born December 13, 1962) is the U.S. Representative for Maryland's 8th congressional district since 2017. He is a Democrat. He was a member of the Maryland State Senate from 2007 to 2016.

Raskin supports banning discrimination based on sexual orientation and gender identity. In 2019, he voted in favor of the Equality Act and urged Congress members to do the same. 

In December 2022, Raskin revealed that he had been diagnosed with lymphoma.

Marcus Raskin

Marcus Goodman Raskin (April 30, 1934 – December 24, 2017) was an American social critic, political activist, author, and philosopher. He worked for progressive social change in the United States.

He was the co-founder, with Richard Barnet, of the progressive think tank, the Institute for Policy Studies in Washington, DC. He was also a professor of public policy at George Washington University’s School of Public Policy and Public Administration.

Raskin died of heart disease on December 24, 2017 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 83.

Terry McBrayer

W. Terry McBrayer (September 1, 1937 – October 11, 2020) was an American lobbyist, attorney, and Democratic politician. He was born in Ironton, Ohio. He was a member of the Kentucky House of Representatives between 1966 until his retirement in 1976. 

McBrayer died on October 11, 2020 in Lexington, Kentucky from cancer, aged 83.

Bette Greene

Bette Greene (June 28, 1934 – October 2, 2020) was an American author of many books for children and young adults. Some of her best known works were "Summer of My German Soldier", "The Drowning of Stephan Jones", and the Newbery Honor book "Philip Hall Likes Me, I Reckon Maybe". She was born in Memphis, Tennessee.

Greene died of heart failure on October 2, 2020 at her home in Lakewood Ranch, Florida at the age of 86.

Lakewood Ranch, Florida

Lakewood Ranch is a planned community located in southeastern Manatee County and northeastern Sarasota County, Florida, United States. It is about .

It is part of the North Port-Bradenton-Sarasota, Florida Metropolitan Statistical Area.

C. M. Chang

C. M. Chang (born Chongshen Mongkosungkum Chang; 1 April 1942 – 12 October 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Nationalist Democratic Progressive Party. He was born in Tuensang, Nagaland. He was a member of the Lok Sabha between 2009 and 2014. He also was a member of the Nagaland Legislative Assembly between 2013 until his death.

Chang died on 12 October 2020 at a hospital in Kohima, Nagaland from COVID-19 at the age of 78.

Yehoshua Kenaz

Yehoshua Kenaz () ( 2 March 1937 – 12 October 2020) was an Israeli novelist. He was born in Petah Tikva, in the British Mandate of Palestine.

He translated many French classics into Hebrew, and worked on the editorial staff of the Ha'aretz newspaper. 

He was awarded the Alterman Prize in 1991, the Newman Prize in 1992, the Agnon Prize (1993), the ACUM Prize (1994) and the Bialik Prize (1995).

In 2007, "Infiltration" was named one of the ten most important books in Israeli history.

Kenaz died on 12 October 2020 in Jerusalem from COVID-19 at the age of 83.

Ilya Moiseev

Ilya Iosifovich Moiseev (; 15 March 1929 – 11 October 2020) was a Russian chemist. He was an expert in both kinetics and the coordination chemistry of transition metals. He was known for his works in metal-complex catalysis. In 1992, he was elected to the Russian Academy of Sciences. Moiseev was born in Moscow.

Moiseev died on 11 October 2020 in Moscow, aged 91.

The Mummy Returns

The Mummy Returns is a 2001 American fantasy adventure horror movie. It is a sequel to 1999's The Mummy.


John A. Ruthven

John Aldrich Ruthven (November 12, 1924 – October 11, 2020) was an American artist best known for his paintings of wildlife. He was born in Cincinnati, Ohio. In 2004, President George W. Bush honored him with the National Medal of Arts. Ruthven's wildlife paintings are on display at many museums including the Smithsonian Institution.

Ruthven died at his home in Georgetown, Ohio on October 11, 2020 at the age of 95.


Paul Milgrom

Paul Robert Milgrom (born April 20, 1948) is an American economist. 

He is the Shirley and Leonard Ely Professor of Humanities and Sciences at Stanford University.

Milgrom is an expert in game theory, mainly auction theory and pricing strategies. He is the winner of the 2020 Nobel Memorial Prize in Economics, together with Robert B. Wilson, "for improvements to auction theory and inventions of new auction formats."

The Matrix: Path of Neo

The Matrix: Path of Neo is a 2005 action-adventure video game based on The Matrix and its sequels. It was written and directed by The Wachowskis.

The game has a different ending than seen in The Matrix Revolutions. Smith gets all his copies onto him, creating a Mega-Smith. The Wachowskis called it "Hulk vs. Galactus" action.

Human Torch

Johnny Storm (also known as Human Torch) is a fictional character, a Marvel Comics superhero created by writer Stan Lee and artist/co-writer Jack Kirby. The character first appeared in "Fantastic Four" #1 in November 1961. Like the other founding members of the Fantastic Four, Johnny received his powers after being exposed to a cosmic storm. His primary power is to use fire and fly while on fire. He is also the Invisible Woman's brother. He has been adapted into motion pictures and is played by Chris Evans and Michael B. Jordan.

Kimberley rocket frog

The Kimberley rocket frog ("Litoria axillaris") is a frog from Australia. It lives in the Kimberley region in Western Australia.

This frog is about 25.5 mm long from nose to rear end. It has a triangular head and long front and hind legs. It is brown or gray in color with dark stripes down its sides and other stripes on its back. It has climbing discs on its toes but they are not very large. Its front feet have some webbing but are not webbed all the way to the ends of the toes. Scientists have only seen this frog on rock platforms made of sandstone.

Researchers have heard the male frogs calling in pairs or alone, not in large groups as occurs with other frogs.

This frog is called "axillaris" in Latin because of the stripes on its sides.

The Scorpion King

The Scorpion King is a 2002 American fantasy adventure movie. It is a spin-off/prequel to 1999's "The Mummy". It has Dwayne Johnson's first lead role in a movie.


Dwayne Johnson is producing a reboot movie set in the 21st century.


1935 Atlantic hurricane season

The 1935 Atlantic Hurricane Season had eight storms, with five hurricanes and three major hurricanes. It lasted from May 15, to November 14. The season included the Labor Day Hurricane.

Native element mineral

A native element mineral or native metal is any element that is found as a pure metal in nature. 

The list of metals include aluminium, antimony, arsenic, bismuth, cadmium, chromium, cobalt, indium, iron, manganese, molybdenum, nickel, niobium, rhenium, selenium, tantalum, tellurium, tin, titanium, tungsten, vanadium, zinc, gold, copper, lead, mercury, silver, platinum, iridium, osmium, palladium, rhodium and ruthenium.

Passivation (chemistry)

In physical chemistry and engineering, passivation, refers to a material that becomes less affected by corrosion. Passivation involves making an outer layer out of a material that is less affected by corrosion. The material is put on as a microcoating. Passivation can only occur in certain conditions. It is used in microelectronics.

Orgazmo

Orgazmo is a 1997 American sex comedy and superhero movie. It was written, directed by and stars Trey Parker. Matt Stone co-directed the movie. He also stars in it.

Everyman Mormon missionary Joseph Young and his mission partner are assigned to Los Angeles. They find the city a hostile place for their work. The problems get worse when they knock on the door of sleazy pornography director Maxxx Orbison. Several security guards are sent to throw Joseph and his partner away. But Joseph, or Joe, defeats them singlehanded with his own martial arts skills. Orbison is impressed by Joe's performance. He (Orbison) is also bored with the lead actor of his current project. Orbison tries hiring Joe to be the lead character of his pornographic superhero movie, "Orgazmo". Joe is confused due to his God beliefs. However, the salary offered would pay for his Utah wedding to his fiancée Lisa. Joe doesn't want to accept, though he accepts anyway.

Joe finds the crew of the movie very threatening. But he manages to become friends with his co-star Ben Chapleski. Ben is a technical genius. He works in the pornography industry. Ben plays Orgazmo's partner Choda Boy. Choda assists Orgazmo with some specially designed sex toys. The toys include Orgazmo's main weapon, the Orgazmorator. The Orgazmorator is a ray gun that, when fired, causes orgasms upon whomever it is fired. Ben invites Joe to his home later on. He (Ben) shows Joe a real and working Orgazmorator Ben has built. Ben and Joseph spend an evening using the weapon on unknowing citizens for amusement. 

At a sushi bar owned by Ben's Japanese friend G-Fresh, the two witness a group of thugs. The thugs vandalize the bar and try to force out G-Fresh. That's so their next door dance club can expand. 

Later, when Ben and Joe are not present, G-Fresh is asked to leave. Upon finding this out, Joe and Ben put on costumes. They use their movie props and the Orgaznmorator ro sneak into the club and steal back the contract that G-Fresh was forced into signing. Ben is excited by finally getting to be a real superhero.

The movie "Orgazmo" becomes a financial and critical success. Orbison withholds Joe's paycheck to keep him in town long enough so he can announce a sequel. Joe is tempted with a doubled salary. His fiancée meets him angrily and then leaves him when she finds out what Joe's been doing. Joe faces production problems and harassment from Orbison's nephew A-Cup. Joe tries backing out the project. Orbison refuses, though. When Joe stands up to Orbison, the latter has Lisa kidnapped to force Joe into agreement. When Ben finds out the thugs who assaulted G-Fresh are also working for Orbison, he and Joe go into Orbison's mansion before Lisa can be forced into acting in one of Orbison's movies.

"Orgazmo" was first shown at Toronto International Film Festival in Fall 1997. The Motion Picture Association of America gave the movie an NC-17 rating. That meant a limited release in the United States.

"Orgazmo" has a score of 50% under Rotten Tomatoes. The movie had a score of 48 out of 100 on the Metacritic, meaning "average or mixed reviews". Roger Ebert gave the movie half a star. Ebert called it "Callow, obvious and awkward".

The movie has been called a "cult movie", mostly by fans of "South Park".

Musi-Video

Musi-Video was a music video series that was shown in Canada from 1980 and 1984. It was syndicated to community channels all around Canada. It was a very early example of the format that was later used by MTV and MuchMusic.

The series was made by Marc Fontaine, who was part of the new wave pop group Nudimension. The series was produced in Montreal, and featured early 1980s music artists playing live in a studio, and early music videos.

In 2008 the Musi-Video brand was revived as a music publishing label by Marc Fontaine.


These artists were in "Musi-Video" at the start of their careers:

Terminator (character)

The Terminator is a fictional character from "The Terminator". He first appeared in the 1984 movie "The Terminator" before becoming a protagonist starting with "".

He has been portrayed in movies by Arnold Schwarzenegger and in Mortal Kombat 11 with his likeness used but voiced by Chris Cox.

Yautja

Yautja are fictional aliens created by James Cameron made for the "Predator" franchise starting in 1987.

Their vocal effects were provided by Dee Bradley Baker for Mortal Kombat X.

Ahsoka Tano

Ahsoka Tano is a fictional character and a heroine in the "Star Wars" series.

She was the Togruta Jedi Padawan of Anakin Skywalker during the Clone Wars, the conflict between the Galactic Republic and the Confederacy of Independent Systems. However, following a series of misjudgment and betrayal within the Jedi Order, she left the Order in favor of pursuing her own path.

Following the end of the Clone Wars, Ahsoka slowly began working within different groups of rebels that would rise to stand against the newly established Galactic Empire. Over time, she would gain more experience with her Force abilities and become more acquainted with both old and new allies.

She has been voiced by Ashley Eckstein in various cartoons and games and is played by Rosario Dawson in "The Mandalorian" and in her own spin-off series of the same name.

Enter the Matrix

Enter the Matrix is a 2003 action-adventure video game based on The Matrix and its sequels. It was written and directed by The Wachowskis. It notably has an hour of movie footage made just for the game with the actors intact.

Niobe and Ghost are sent into the Matrix and retrieve a message found in a package.

Spawn (movie)

Spawn is an 1997 superhero movie that was based on the 1990s superhero character of the same name created by Todd McFarlane.


Spider-Man 2: Enter Electro

Spider-Man 2: Enter Electro is an action-adventure video game made by Vicarious Visions. It can be played on the PlayStation. The game is based on the Marvel Comics superhero Spider-Man and is a sequel to the 2000 game.

The game originally had an ending where Spider-Man would encounter Hyper-Electro at the World Trade Center. Due to the September 11 attacks, the final level was changed to where Spidey attacks Electro at a skyscraper with a bridge.

Fantastic Four (2005 video game)

Fantastic Four is an action-adventure video game made by 7 Studios. It can be played on the PlayStation 2, Nintendo GameCube, Game Boy Advance and Xbox. The game is based on the Marvel Comics superhero team The Fantastic Four and is also based on the 2005 movie. It has Ioan Gruffudd, Jessica Alba, Michael Chiklis, Chris Evans and Julian McMahon returning from the movie into voicing the characters.

The player can play as all four members of the Fantastic Four with up to two players. Two of the four characters can use unique combos and techniques for puzzles.

The Incredible Hulk: Ultimate Destruction

The Incredible Hulk: Ultimate Destruction is an action-adventure video game made by Radical Entertainment. It can be played on the PlayStation 2, Nintendo GameCube and Xbox. The game is based on the Marvel Comics superhero The Hulk. It is considered by many as one of the best Marvel games of all time.

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (2014 movie)

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is a fantasy action movie. It was made in the United States and released in 2014. It is part of the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" (TMNT) series. The movie is the first in the rebooted "TMNT" movie series. It is the first TMNT movie to use motion capture for the turtles.

The movie was financially successful and got a sequel called Out of the Shadows in 2016 but had bad reviews.

Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius

Jimmy Neutron: Boy Genius is a computer animated science fiction comedy movie. It was made in the United States and released in 2001. It is also the inspiration for and Planet Sheen.

The movie was financially successful and helped kickstart the animated series. It also got nominated the first Best Animated Feature Oscar, but lost to Shrek.


Mononuclidic element

A mononuclidic element or monotopic element is a chemical elements that is found naturally on Earth as only one nuclide. Most elements have many nuclides, that is their nuclei may have various numbers of neutrons. The single nuclide of a mononuclidic element may, or may not, be a stable one. There are 21 mononuclidic elements.

Notes on Nationalism

Notes on Nationalism is a well-known essay written by George Orwell. Orwell wrote the essay in May 1945, in a journal called "Polemic", after the Second World War had ended. In the essay, Orwell describes his idea of nationalism as:

Here, he links nationalism to political power, influence and factionalism. He says "nationalism" is not the same as "patriotism", as patriotism ""is of its nature defensive... Nationalism, on the other hand, is inseparable (hard to separate) from the desire for power.""

He says that it can be "positive," i.e. "for" something, such as one's country. Orwell says Celtic nationalism and Zionism are examples of this sort of nationalism. On the other hand, it can be "negative", i.e. "against" something, such as another group. Orwell says Anti-Soviet Trotskyism ans Antisemitism are examples of this sort.

"Transferred nationalism" is a third kind. This is identification and promotion of a different race, social class, or country to your own.

Orwell's claim that only Scottish nationalists think that using the Lowland Scottish language is important has been criticised by speakers of the language.

Orwell's "Notes on Nationalism" have been used by people on the right-wing of Scottish politics (such as former Scottish Conservative leader Ruth Davidson) to argue against 'identity politics'.

Grim &amp; Evil

Grim & Evil is an American animated television series. It was created by Maxwell Atoms. It was originally shown on the Cartoon Network. It began on August 24, 2001 and ended on 2003. There are two segments shown in the show that became their solo shows in 2003: The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy and Evil Con Carne. "Grim" focuses on two kids who become friends with the Grim Reaper. "Evil" focuses on the brain of a Mexican playboy who wants to collect the rest of his organs for world domination.

The series is targeted at 9–14 year olds.

The directors of episodes included Juli Murphy, Robert Alvarez, Brain Sheesley, Shaun Cashman, Eddy Houchins, Sue Perrotto, Randy Myers, John McIntyre, Phil Cummings, Matt Engstrom, Kris Sherwood, and Russell Calabrese.

Writers for the series were Maxwell Atoms, Gord Zajac and Chris Reccardi.


Harold Betters

Harold Betters (March 21, 1928 – October 11, 2020) was an American jazz trombone player. His career was based in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. Betters released nine LPs on Gateway Records, and three LPs for Reprise. He was born in Connellsville, Pennsylvania. In the 1950s he made a tour with the Ray Charles big band, playing at the Apollo Theatre.

Betters died on October 11, 2020 in Pittsburgh at the age of 92.

Telehit Música

Telehit Música (formerly Ritmoson, shortened for branding purposes to RMS, and Telehit Urbano) is a Spanish American music video channel. It is a part of Televisa Networks, owned by Televisa.They are the world's largest Spanish language broadcaster. In addition to its broadcast channel, RMS hosted the Orgullosamente Latino Awards. As with most of Televisa's networks, it is distributed in the United States by Univision Communications.

Gary F. Jones

Gary F. Jones (June 16, 1944 – October 11, 2020) was an American trainer of Thoroughbred racehorses. His career began in 1974 and ended with his retirement at the end of July, 1996. He won 1,465 races including 102 graded stakes. Jones was elected to the United States Racing Hall of Fame in 2014. He was born in Long Beach, California.

Jones died on October 11, 2020 in Del Mar, California at the age of 76.

The Grim Adventures of Billy &amp; Mandy (video game)

The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy is a fighting video game made by High Voltage Software. It can be played on the PlayStation 2, Nintendo GameCube, Game Boy Advance and Nintendo Wii. The game is based on the Cartoon Network show The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy.


Del Mar, California

Del Mar is a beach city in San Diego County, California, United States. The population was at 3,954 in 2020.

Joe Morgan

Joe Leonard Morgan (September 19, 1943 – October 11, 2020) was an American professional baseball second baseman. He played Major League Baseball (MLB) for the Houston Astros, Cincinnati Reds, San Francisco Giants, Philadelphia Phillies, and Oakland Athletics from 1963 to 1984. He won two World Series championships with the Reds in 1975 and 1976 and was also named the National League Most Valuable Player (MVP) in each of those years. 

Morgan was honored into the Baseball Hall of Fame in 1990.

Morgan was born in Bonham, Texas. In 2015, Morgan was diagnosed with myelodysplastic syndrome and leukemia. He died on October 11, 2020 from polyneuropathy, at his home in Danville, California at the age of 77.

Danville, California

The Town of Danville is located in the San Ramon Valley in Contra Costa County, California. The population was 43,582 at the 2020 census. 

In 2020, Danville was named "the safest town in California". 

Sarat Kumar Kar

Sarat Kumar Kar (5 September 1939 – 12 October 2020) was an Indian politician and writer. He was a member of the Biju Janata Dal (BJD) political party. He was born in Cuttack, India. He was a member of the Odisha Legislative Assembly (OLA) from 1971 to 1974, 1990 to 1995 and 2000 to 2004. From 2000 to 2004, he was the Speaker of the OLA. He was a member of Lok Sabha from 1977 to 1980.

Kar died on 12 October 2020 from COVID-19, aged 81.

Éric Assous

Éric Assous (30 March 1956 – 12 October 2020) was a Tunisian-born French director, screenwriter and dramatist. He was born in Tunis, Tunisia. Assous was known for directing and writing "The Banned Woman", "The Girl from Paris" and "22 Bullets".

Assous died on 12 October 2020 in Paris at the age of 64.

Samuel Brittan

Sir Samuel Brittan (29 December 1933 – 12 October 2020) was an English journalist and author. He was the first economics correspondent for the "Financial Times". He was a member of the Academic Advisory Council of the Global Warming Policy Foundation. He was born in London. In 1961, Brittan was appointed economics editor at "The Observer" until 1964 and in 1965 was appointed as an advisor at the Department of Economic Affairs.

Brittan died on 12 October 2020 in London at the age of 86.

Richie Barker (footballer, born 1939)

Richie Joseph Barker (23 November 1939 – 11 October 2020) was an English footballer and manager. He played in the Football League for Derby County, Notts County and Peterborough United. He was also manager of Shrewsbury Town, Stoke City, Notts County, Ethnikos Piraeus (Greece), Zamalek (Egypt) and West Bromwich Albion.

Barry Keoghan

Barry Keoghan (; born 18 October 1992) is an Irish actor. He has appeared in the movies "Dunkirk", "The Killing of a Sacred Deer", for which he won an Irish Film and Television Award for Best Supporting Actor; and "Trespass Against Us". In 2022, he had a cameo appearance as The Joker in "The Batman". In 2023, he was nominated for an Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor and won a BAFTA Award for Best Actor in a Supporting Role for his role in "The Banshees of Inisherin".

Lyuben Gotsev

Lyuben Gotsev Stoyanov (3 March 1930 – 7 October 2020) was a Bulgarian politician. He was born in Sofia, Bulgaria. He was a member of the Bulgarian Communist Party and Bulgarian Socialist Party. During the Andrey Lukanov cabinet, he was the Minister of Foreign Affairs between 22 September 1990 to 20 December 1990. 

Gotsev died on 7 October 2020 in Sofia at the age of 90.

Highspire, Pennsylvania

Highspire is a borough in Dauphin County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 2,741 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Harrisburg–Carlisle Metropolitan Statistical Area.

Carlisle, Pennsylvania

Carlisle is a borough in and the county seat of Cumberland County, Pennsylvania, United States. As of the 2020 census, the borough population was 20,118.

Polyneuropathy

Polyneuropathy (poly- + neuro- + -pathy) is damage or disease affecting peripheral nerves (peripheral neuropathy) in roughly the same areas on both sides of the body, featuring weakness, numbness, and burning pain. 

It usually begins in the hands and feet and may progress to the arms and legs and sometimes to other parts of the body where it may affect the autonomic nervous system. 

Diabetes and some types of Guillain–Barré syndrome can cause this disease.

Deedee Magno Hall

Deedee Lynn Magno Hall (born April 2, 1975) is an American actress and singer. She is best known for her work in the pop group The Party, and as the voice of Pearl and other characters in the animated series "Steven Universe" and its sequel series "Steven Universe Future" and Rosemary from "Kate's Place". Hall was born in Portsmouth, Virginia.

Mister Fantastic

Reed Richards (also known as Mister Fantastic) is a fictional character, a Marvel Comics superhero created by writer Stan Lee and artist/co-writer Jack Kirby. The character first appeared in "Fantastic Four" #1 in November 1961. Like the other founding members of the Fantastic Four, Reed received his powers after being exposed to a cosmic storm. His primary power is to stretch his body to lengths. He is also the Invisible Woman's husband. He has been adapted into motion pictures and is played by Ioan Gruffudd, Miles Teller, and John Krasinski.

Reed has been portrayed by Ioan Gruffudd in the Tim Story movies and the 2005 video game.

Hellboy (2004 movie)

Hellboy is a 2004 movie. It was directed by Guillermo del Toro and stars Ron Perlman. It is based on the Dark Horse Comics character of the same name.

It had a 2008 sequel made by Universal called "".



Hellboy (2019 movie)

Hellboy is a 2019 movie and a reboot to the 2000s movies. It is based on the Dark Horse Comics character of the same name.

Unlike the 2000s movies, many fans and critics didn't like it and it was a box office bomb.



Batman Begins (video game)

Batman Begins is a 2005 stealth/action-adventure video game based on the 2005 movie "Batman Begins". It has all of the cast returning except Gary Oldman. It was also going to be released for the PlayStation Portable but got cancelled.

The game starts out with Batman at the Narrows before going through a tutorial set during the movie's start.


Spider-Ham: Caught in a Ham

Spider-Ham: Caught in a Ham (also simply known as Caught in a Ham) is a 2019 American animated superhero short movie featuring the Marvel Comics character Spider-Ham and produced by Sony Pictures Animation. Directed and written by Miguel Jiron, it is a prequel to the 2018 movie "", and was released as a bonus feature on that movie's digital release on February 26, 2019, and as part of the movie's home video releases on March 19. John Mulaney reprises his role as Spider-Ham.

On September 20, 2019, "Caught in a Ham" was officially released on YouTube by Marvel HQ.


Fighting injustice as Spider-Ham, Peter Porker, an anthropomorphic pig with the agility and strength of a spider, finds himself with his back to the wall when the evil mega-villain, Doctor Crawdaddy, abducts him in broad daylight.


The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers (video game)

The Lord of the Rings: The Two Towers is a 2002 action-adventure video game based on the first two movies of "The Lord of the Rings". It lets players play as Aragorn, Legolas and Gimli throughout the events of the two movies.

The game starts in a tutorial set in the first movie's prologue, with Isildur fending off orcs before attacking Sauron.

Spider-Man 3 (video game)

Spider-Man 3 is a 2007 action-adventure video game based on the 2007 movie "Spider-Man 3" released for Game Boy Advance, Microsoft Windows, Nintendo DS, PlayStation 2, Wii, Xbox 360, and PlayStation 3. A GameCube version was also planned, but was canceled. Tobey Maguire and several other cast members including Topher Grace, James Franco, and Thomas Haden Church return to voice in the game, with Bruce Campbell as the narrator.

As with the "Spider-Man 2" game, Spidey can swing around New York wherever he wants. As the game progresses, he gets to wear the black suit.

The game has had mixed to positive signals, varying by console ports.

Aldridge Bousfield

Aldridge Knight Bousfield (April 5, 1941 – October 4, 2020), known as "Pete", was an American mathematician. He was known for his works in Algebraic Topology and for the idea of Bousfield localization. Bousfield was born in Boston, Massachusetts. He was a Fellow of the American Mathematical Society,

Bousfield died on October 4, 2020 at the age of 79.

Telestrations

Telestrations is a party game in which players must draw an object listed on a card, then guess what the other players have drawn. USAopoly makes the game.

All players have a drawing book and a marker each. At the start of each round, they get a card with a list of secret words, all with a number between one and six. One player rolls a die, then all players have sixty seconds to draw the word or phrase with that number on page one of their drawing book.

After the sixty seconds, the players pass their books to the player on their left. On page two, the players guess what was drawn on page one of the book that was passed to them. When all players have written their guesses, they turn their books to page three and again pass their books to the left. Players draw and guess until they have their original books back.

The players then take turns revealing what was drawn and guessed in their books, then award points. Each player awards: 

The player with the most points after three rounds wins the game.

Gaming website BoardGameGeek named Telestrations "Best Party Game" of 2010.

An video game version of Telestrations has been announced to only come out on the Intellivision Amico.


Adelaide of Saxe-Meiningen

Adelaide of Saxe-Meiningen (13 August 1792 – 2 December 1849) was the wife of King William IV of the United Kingdom. She was the daughter of George I, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen, and Luise Eleonore of Hohenlohe-Langenburg.

Adelaide was born on 13 August 1792 at Meiningen, Thuringia, Germany. She was the first child of George I, Duke of Saxe-Meiningen and Luise Eleonore. At her baptism, she had twenty-one godparents, including:

On 11 July 1818, Adelaide married Prince William, Duke of Clarence. It was a double wedding with William's younger brother, Prince Edward Augustus, Duke of Kent and Strathearn, and Princess Victoria of Saxe-Coburg-Saalfeld. When they married, William was second in line for the throne. He became first in line when his brother, Prince Frederick, Duke of York and Albany, died in 1827. William and Adelaide became King and Queen of the United Kingdom when William's older brother, king George IV died in 1830.

William and Adelaide were King and Queen until William died in 1837. Adelaide died on 2 December 1849, aged 57.

The following are some of the things named after Adelaide:





Grand Canyon (1991 movie)

Grand Canyon is a 1991 American drama movie directed by Lawrence Kasdan and stars Danny Glover, Kevin Kline, Steve Martin, Alfre Woodward, Mary McDonnell, Mary-Louise Parker, Tina Lifford. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was a minor box office failure, but the reviews from movie critics were generally positive. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1992.


Izumi Matsumoto

, known by his pen name , was a Japanese manga artist. He was best known for "Kimagure Orange Road". His career started in 1982. Some of his works were on "Weekly Shōnen Jump". He was born in Takaoka, Toyama.

In November 2019, Terashima revealed that he had been diagnosed with spinal stenosis. Matsumoto died at 61 on October 6, 2020.

Spinal stenosis

Spinal stenosis is a narrowing of the spinal canal or neural foramen. It can cause pressure on the spinal cord or nerve roots. 

Symptoms may include pain, numbness, or weakness in the arms or legs.

Symptoms usually get worse over time. Severe symptoms may include bladder and bowel problems or sexual dysfunction.

Sexual dysfunction

Sexual dysfunction is a medical problem in which a person or a couple have problems during any stage of sex, This can make it hard for them to have an arousal or orgasm. 

Sexual dysfunction happens when a person feels extremely uncomfortable for a minimum of six months. Sexual dysfunctions can have a profound impact on an individual's perceived quality of sexual life.

There are certain drugs that change the ways hormones are processed. These drugs can also lead to a sexual dysfunction. These drugs are used to treat symptoms such as depression. 

Pat Hooper

Patrick Hooper (12 May 1952 – 9 October 2020) was an Irish Olympian and long-distance runner. He was born in Dublin. He represented Ireland in the marathon at European and Olympic level. His marathon "personal best" time was 2:17:46. He participated in the 1980 Summer Olympics coming in 40th place.

He was the older brother of three-time Olympian and marathoner Dick Hooper.

Hooper died on 9 October 2020 in Dublin, aged 68.

Edward Nabunone

Anderias Hiler Eduardus "Edward" Nabunone (21 April 1968 – 12 October 2020) was an Indonesian long-distance runner. He competed in the men's 5000 metres and the 10,000 metres at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Nabunone died on 12 October 2020 at the age of 52.

Rashid Haider

Rashid Haider (15 July 1941 – 13 October 2020) was a Bangladeshi writer. His novels include "Khancay" (1975), "Nashta Josnay Ekon Aranya" (1982), "Sadh Ahlad" (1985), "Andha Kathamala" (1987), "Asamabriksha" (1987) and "Mabuhai" (1988). He was awarded Ekushey Padak in 2014 by the government of Bangladesh. He was born in Pabna.

In February 2020, Haider had a stroke. He died later that year, on 13 October, at the age of 79.

Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport

Belgrade Nikola Tesla Airport () or Belgrade Airport () is an airport in Belgrade, Serbia. It is run by the French company Vinci Airports. The Serbian national plane company uses Belgrade Nikola Tesla as their hub. It was founded on 13 March 1992; 28 years ago. In 2019 it had seen 6,159,000 passengers and 20,064 tons of cargo pass through it.

Jack Skellington

Jack Skellington is the main character of the 1993 movie "Nightmare Before Christmas". Jack is the "Pumpkin King" of Halloween Town, a world based on Halloween. Jack is voiced by Chris Sarandon. Danny Elfman provided Jack's singing voice. The character is shown on various merchandise.

Rocky III

Rocky III is a 1982 American sports drama movie. It was directed, written by, and starred, Sylvester Stallone. The movie is about a famed boxer fighting against Clubber Lang. It is the sequel to "Rocky II".

It was followed by "Rocky IV" in 1985.



Taman Negara

Taman Negara is a national park in Malaysia. The park has been legally protected since the late 1930s. The size of the park is little under 4,500 kilometres square. It's one of the oldest deciduous rainforests (deciduous means the leaves fall off every year) in the world - nearly 130 million years old!

Activities close by include a canopy walkway, a cave system and rapids. Tourists can also enjoy birdwatching, jungle trekking and views of the Tahan River.

The park covers three states called Pahang, Kelantan and Terengganu.

Some rare animals are found in this park, like Malayan tigers, Asian elephants and many kinds of birds.

Los Angeles FC

Los Angeles Football Club, commonly known as Los Angeles FC, or simply LAFC, ia an American professional soccer franchise based in Los Angeles, California. They competes in Major League Soccer (MLS) as a member of the Western Conference. The team plays their home games at BMO Stadium (known before 2023 as Banc of California Stadium). Their main rival is LA Galaxy, and the rivalry is known as El Tráfico.

Carlos Vela

Carlos Alberto Vela Garrido (born 1 March 1989) is a Mexican professional footballer. He plays as a winger who captains MLS club Los Angeles FC.

Los Angeles FC

Mexico U17

Mexico

Individual


Diego Rossi

Diego Martín Rossi Marachlian (born 5 March 1998) is a Uruguayan professional footballer who plays as a winger or a forward for Major League Soccer club Columbus Crew and the Uruguay national team.

Peñarol

Los Angeles FC

Fenerbahçe

Uruguay Youth

Individual

Designated Player Rule

The Designated Player Rule, nicknamed the Beckham Rule, allows Major League Soccer franchises to sign up to three players that would be considered outside their salary cap (either by offering the player higher wages or by paying a transfer fee for the player). The rule was adopted ahead of the 2007 MLS season, and it enables teams to compete for star players in the international soccer market. The rule is one of two ways which MLS teams may exceed their salary cap, the other being allocation money. As of December 2019, there have been 209 Designated Players in league history.

The rule is named after David Beckham. Beckham was the first player signed under this rule, signing a five-year contract with the Los Angeles Galaxy with a guaranteed annual salary of $6.5 million.

Notes


Geometric distribution

In probability, the geometric distribution with probability of success formula_1, written formula_2, is a discrete probability distribution defined on non-negative integers. It is used to model the number of trials needed to obtain a first success, where the probability of success of each trial is formula_1.

An example involving geometric distribution is the number of times a coin needs to be tossed in order to get the first head.

The geometric distribution is the discrete analogue of the exponential distribution.


Predator 2

Predator 2 is a 1990 American science fiction action movie. It is a standalone sequel to 1987's "Predator". It starrs Danny Glover as an LAPD officer and main protagonist, who tries to catch the main antagonist, the extraterrestrial Predator in Los Angeles.


Charlotte Forman

Charlotte Forman (1715–1787) was a journalist, translator, political essayist and activist. Between 1756 and 1780, she wrote political essays and news from abroad for newspapers under pseudonyms (false names). The false name she used in the newspapers "Gazetteer" and "The Public Ledger" was "Probus".

She was not famous in her lifetime, but she has become more well known in recent years. This is because she was one of the few women at that time who wrote essays on politics and trade. Back then, people thought those were men's areas of interest. Because of sexism, most people thought Forman's essays were written by men.

Scholars say her essays show great knowledge and morality. 

Forman's father was Irish Jacobite Charles Forman, and her mother was called Mary. Forman had five brothers and sisters. 

Charles Forman was a clerk in the English war office. When James Francis Edward Stuart tried become king of England, Ireland and Scotland (and make royal House of Stuart the rulers of these countries) in the Jacobite rising of 1715, Forman was late in sending orders to the English general Charles Wills, who was fighting the Jacobites. Therefore, we do not know whether Charlotte was born in England or France, but she did later write that she had been "nursed in the palace of the Trianon" in France. 

She lived in London for most of her life in poverty, and went into debtors' prison for a short time in 1767.

Forman wrote a many political essays for the "Gazetteer" and "London Daily Advertiser" between 1756 and 1760, then carried in in the "Public Ledger" in 1760. Both newspapers were for merchants, traders, and shopkeepers in London, and had information about to international trade, such as news about shipping and offers of wholesale and retail goods..

Forman's essays in the "Gazetteer" and the "Public Ledger", all signed as Probus, were written in the before and during the Seven Years' War. About 200 surviving essays comment on diplomatic news and general news reports, as well as looking into the interests of England, Prussia, France, Holland, Austria, Russia, Spain, Sweden, and Denmark. She always supported the English war effort, and kept telling readers that England could defeat France, as well as defending Frederick the Great and William Pitt from critics. She also argued against an early peace, as she thought it would give France too much leeway.

Letters written between her and with Radical satirist and politician John Wilkes have beensaid to give modern readers "graphic evidence of the struggles of an independent woman in the 18th century attempting to support herself by writing". She said she was a literary day labourer.

She is not known to have published anything under her own name, although there are many works published anonymously which now cannot be attributed.


Frank the Pug

Frank the Pug or Agent F is an alien that poses as a pug and is a character in the "Men in Black" franchise. He was voiced by Tim Blaney. He has appeared in all but one of the movies.

According to "Men in Black II", he is actually a Remoolian.

Eight Crazy Nights

Eight Crazy Nights is a 2002 American animated holiday comedy movie that was produced by Jack Giarraputo and was directed by Seth Kearsley. It stars Adam Sandler and is set in New Hampshire.


"Eight Crazy Nights" gained mainly negative reviews.

Back in the USSR (movie)

Back in the USSR is a 1992 American Japanese Russian thriller movie directed by Deran Sarafian and starring Frank Whaley, Roman Polanski, Natalya Negoda, Andrew Divoff, Dey Young, Brian Blessed, Constantine Gregory. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Sweatbox

The Sweatbox is a 2002 American documentary movie designed to show behind-the-scenes footage of "Kingdom of the Sun" (the original version of "The Emperor's New Groove"). It showed transformation from "Kingdom of the Sun" to "The Emperor's New Groove", including the director, musician Sting (whose wife created the documentary), artists and voice cast being dismayed by the new direction. The major theme is creative-executive conflicts.



Spyro Reignited Trilogy

Spyro Reignited Trilogy is a platform video game that was published by Activision. It serves as a remaster and remake of the first three Spyro games: "Spyro the Dragon", "" and "".


All Dogs Go to Heaven

All Dogs Go to Heaven is a 1989 American British Irish animated movie directed by Don Bluth, starring Burt Reynolds, and Dom DeLuise.


The movie has a sequel, "All Dogs Go To Heaven 2".

Anastasia (1997 movie)

Anastasia is a 1997 American animated movie with music and songs. Don Bluth and Gary Goldman directed it. It starred Meg Ryan, John Cusack, Kelsey Grammer, Hank Azaria and Christopher Lloyd. 

The movie is about the Grand Duchess Anastasia Nikolaevna of Russia and the idea that she might have survived the murder of her family by the evil sorcerer Rasputin, with amnesia. (In reality, Anastasia was murdered with her family, after the Russian Revolution, on 17 July 1918, by the Bolshevik secret police.)


Telly Monster

Telly Monster is a worrying reddish purple monster from Sesame Street. He loves triangles.

This Is My Life (movie)

This Is My Life is a 1992 American comedy movie directed by first time director Nora Ephron and was based on the novel "This Is Your Life" by Meg Wolitzer. It stars Julie Kavner, Gaby Hoffmann, Samantha Mathis, Carrie Fisher, Dan Aykroyd, Caroline Aaron, Kathy Najimy, Estelle Harris and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


The Odd Couple (movie)

The Odd Couple is a 1968 American comedy movie directed by Gene Saks and based on the Neil Simon's play of the same name. It stars Walter Matthau, Jack Lemmon, Herb Edelman, John Fiedler, David Sheiner, Billie Bird, Larry Haines, Carole Shelley and Monica Evans. It was nominated for two Academy Awards and was followed by the sequel "The Odd Couple II".


Jacinda Barclay

Jacinda Barclay (18 February 1991 – 13 October 2020) was an Australian sportswoman. She played Australian rules football, baseball and American football at high levels. She played for her country in five Women's Baseball World Cups. She also played American football for the Chicago Bliss in the Legends Football League and Australian football for the Greater Western Sydney Giants in the AFL Women's (AFLW). Due to her success across different sports, "The Sydney Morning Herald" called Barclay "the Sonny Bill Williams of women's sport" in 2016.

Barclay grew up in Chidlow, Western Australia. She died on 13 October 2020 in Chidlow at the age of 29.


Cover Up (1949 movie)

Cover Up is a 1949 American mystery movie directed by Alfred E. Green and starring William Bendix, Dennis O'Keefe, Art Baker, Barbara Britton, Ann E. Todd, Doro Merande, Hank Worden, Russell Armes. It was distributed by United Artists.


Aluminium-26

Aluminium-26 (Al, Al-26) is a radioactive isotope of aluminium. It decays by either positron emission or electron capture to magnesium-26. The half-life of Al is 7.17×10 years. A small amount of aluminium-26 is made when atoms hit cosmic ray protons.

When aluminium-26 decays it also produces gamma rays and x-rays. Because it is radioactive, it is usually kept behind at least 5 centimetres (2 in) of lead. We use special tools to transfer, use, and store aluminium-26.

Olivier Corpet

Olivier Corpet (4 September 1949 – 6 October 2020) was a French author and writer. He was co-founder, then director of the Institute for Contemporary Publishing Archives for 24 years. He was born in Paris.

Corpet began working as an engineer for the French National Centre for Scientific Research.

In 1986, he helped co-found Ent'revues, an association based on the research group.

Corpet founded the Institute for Contemporary Publishing Archives with Pascal Fouché and Jean-Pierre Dauphin in 1988. He was Director until 2013, when he resigned for health-related reasons.

Corpet died in Paris on 6 October 2020 at the age of 71.

Fred Nitz

Fred Nitz is a wheelchair athlete from Queensland. He represented Australia at the 1982 Far East and South Pacific Games for the Disabled in Hong Kong. He won medals in all of his events, winning 3 golds (200m, 400m and 4 x 400m) and 2 silvers (100m and 1500m Paraplegic 2 class). He was one of 157 Australian athletes to compete at the 1982 Games, where Australians won a total of 315 medals.

Stellar nucleosynthesis

Stellar nucleosynthesis is the creation (nucleosynthesis) of chemical elements by nuclear fusion reactions in stars. This fusion reaction also creates the stars' light and heat. The theory was proposed by Fred Hoyle in 1946. Stars evolve because of changes in what they are made up of throughout their life. However, this does not by itself change the amount of elements in the universe. Later in its life, a low-mass star will slowly release its atmosphere through solar wind, forming a planetary nebula. A high-mass star will release mass through a supernova.

Hydrogen fusion is the main process that makes energy in main sequence stars. Stars of all masses start on the main sequence. Hydrogen fusion combines four protons, which are hydrogen-1 nuclei, to make a helium-4 nucleus. In doing this, the star must convert two protons into neutrons.

Less massive stars, such as the Sun, use the "proton-proton chain reaction". It starts with a collision of two protons. One of them becomes a neutron (after it releases a positively-charged positron). This creates a hydrogen-2 nucleus. Next, it collides with another proton to make a helium-3 nucleus. Finally, two helium-3 nuclei collide. This releases two protons and creates a stable helium-4 nucleus.

More massive stars use the "CNO cycle" to make helium-4. It starts with a carbon-12 nucleus. Four protons hit it, one at a time. Two of them become neutrons. Then the nucleus splits apart into a helium-4 nucleus and a carbon-12 nucleus, so the cycle can keep going. Of course, this is only possible if there is already carbon-12 in the star.

Helium fusion combines three helium-4 nuclei into carbon-12. If two helium-4 nuclei collide, the resulting nucleus will decay very quickly. So three helium-4 nuclei must collide at almost the same time.

A helium-4 nucleus is also called an alpha particle, so this process is called the "triple-alpha process".

Helium fusion requires higher temperature and pressure than hydrogen fusion. It can happen in all but the smallest stars. Helium fusion starts when the core runs out of hydrogen. When hydrogen fusion stops, the core stops making heat and light. Gravity collapses the core, making it smaller. This creates enough pressure and heat for helium fusion. The helium fusion makes the star much bigger. It becomes a red giant or red supergiant.

In the alpha process, helium-4 nuclei collide with larger nuclei. This creates oxygen, neon, magnesium, and larger elements. It requires higher temperature and pressure than helium fusion. This requirement gets even higher as nuclei get larger. It will not happen in the Sun, but in much more massive stars.

The alpha process creates elements up to iron (atomic number 26). It creates nuclei whose mass numbers are multiples of 4.

In the s-process and r-process, large nuclei collide with neutrons. Sometimes, a nucleus will then go through beta decay, and a neutron will change into a proton. The "s" stands for "slow", because it happens more slowly, when less neutrons are nearby. It can happen inside red giant stars. The "r" stands for "rapid", because it happens more quickly, when more neutrons are nearby. The r-process can happen in a supernova. These are an important source of rare, heavy elements.

Eye of the Tiger

"Eye of the Tiger" is a 1982 hard rock song under the American rock band Survivor. This rock ballad was from the hard rock studio album of the same name. It was recorded under the request of the actor Sylvester Stallone for his boxing drama movie "Rocky III". That happened when rock group Queen didn't give him permission to use the song "Another One Bites the Dust" in his movie. The movie version had tiger growls within it.

In the United States, "Eye of the Tiger" hit #1 on the U.S. "Billboard" Hot 100. It stayed at #1 for six weeks.

The song was nominated for a 1982 Academy Award for Best Original Song. This was the only nomination for "Rocky III". It lost to "Up Where We Belong" from "An Officer and a Gentleman". It was also nominated for a 1983 Grammy Award for Song of the Year. It lost, though, to Willie Nelson's hit "Always on My Mind".

In 2012, Survivor sued Republican presidential candidate Newt Gingrich in Illinois federal court. Gingrich had been using "Eye of the Tiger" without asking permission in his political rallies dating back to 2009.

Operation Amsterdam

Operation Amsterdam is a 1959 British World War II action movie directed by Michael McCarthy and was based on the novel "Adventures in Diamonds" by David E. Walker. It stars Peter Finch, Eva Bartok, Tony Britton, Alexander Knox, Malcolm Keen, Christopher Rhodes, Oscar Quitak and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Merge sort

Merge sort (or mergesort) is an divide and conquer algorithm for sorting a list of items. John von Neumann first presented it in 1945. It is similar to quicksort, developed in 1960. The difference is that with merge sort, dividing the lists is trivial, and merging them together isn't. With quicksort, dividing the lists is more complex, but the merging step is trivial.

Merge sort is a stable sorting algorithm, while quicksort is not. It has a worst-case complexity of O(n*log(n)). Merge sort is also highly parallelizable. It can be used for solving the inversion counting problem.


Stable sorting algorithm

A sorting algorithm is called stable if it preserves the order of elements with the same sorting key. Otherwise it is called unstable.
Merge sort is an example of a stable sorting algorithm, quicksort is an example of an unstable sorting algorithm. 
Note that being stable has nothing to do with how difficult it is to do the sorting (known as complexity). Bubble sort is very easy to implement, but takes a very long time. It is a stable sorting algorithm.
Heapsort is very efficient, but it is not stable.
Formally stability may be defined as, how the algorithm treats equal elements. Let A[] be an array, and let ‘<‘ be a strict weak ordering on the elements of A[]. A sorting algorithm is stable if: i < j and A[i]=A[j] implies pi(i) < pi(j) where pi is the sorting permutation (sorting moves A[i] to position pi(i)).
Which sorting algorithms are stable? 

Some Sorting Algorithms are stable by nature, such as Bubble Sort, Insertion Sort, Merge Sort, Count Sort, etc.

Which sorting algorithms are unstable? 

Quick Sort, Heap Sort etc., can be made stable by also taking the position of the elements into consideration. This change may be done in a way that does not compromise a lot on the performance and takes some extra space.

Geoff Peddle

Geoffrey Curtis Ralph "Geoff" Peddle (1 January 1963 – 8 October 2020) was a Canadian Anglican prelate. He was the bishop of the Diocese of Eastern Newfoundland and Labrador from 2014 to 2020. Peddle was born in Bonavista, Newfoundland and Labrador.

Peddle died on 8 October 2020 at the age of 57.

Helmut Giesbrecht

Helmut Giesbrecht (February 18, 1943 – October 9, 2020) was a Ukrainian-born Canadian educator and politician. He represented Skeena in the Legislative Assembly of British Columbia from 1991 to 2001 as a New Democratic Party (NDP) member. From 1981 to 1985, he was Mayor of Terrace, British Columbia.

Giesbrecht died on October 9, 2020, aged 77.

John J. Creedon

John Joseph Creedon (August 1, 1924 – October 11, 2020) was an American businessman. He was the President and Chief Executive Officer of Metropolitan Life Insurance Company from 1983 to 1989. Creedon was born in New York City.

Creedon died on October 11, 2020 in Larchmont, New York at the age of 96.


Larchmont, New York

Larchmont is a village located within the Town of Mamaroneck in Westchester County, New York, approximately northeast of Midtown Manhattan. The population of the village was 6,630 at the 2020 census.

Heapsort

Heap sort or heapsort is a sorting algorithm. It was presented in 1964, and helped make a data structure known as heap popular. Heapsort divides the input into a sorted and an unsorted region. It then takes the largest element from the unsorted region and inserts it into the sorted region. The unsorted region is kept as a heap, which allows finding the largest element quickly. Heapsort is not stable. It has a worst-case complexity of O(n*log(n)).

Donald Pellmann

Donald Pellmann (August 12, 1915 – October 11, 2020) was an American centenarian multi world-record-setting masters athlete. He was born in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Pellmann held the current M90 world record (for men aged 90 or above) in the long jump, high jump, discus throw, and indoor pole vault.

He participated in the 100 metres, triple jump, shot put, and javelin throw.

Pellmann died on October 11, 2020 in Santa Clara, California from problems caused by a broken hip at the age of 105.

Jay Porter

J. W. "Jay" Porter (January 17, 1933 – October 11, 2020) was an American Major League Baseball player. He appeared with the St. Louis Browns in 1952, Detroit Tigers between 1955 and 1957, Cleveland Indians in 1958, Washington Senators in 1959, and St. Louis Cardinals in 1959. Porter was born in Shawnee, Oklahoma.

Porter died of respiratory failure on October 11, 2020 in Jupiter, Florida at the age of 87.


Jean Cardot

Jean Cardot (20 July 1930 – 13 October 2020) was a French sculptor. He was born in Saint-Étienne, France. He was elected a member of the Académie des Beaux-Arts on 9 November 1983 and president in 1992 and 1997. He made statues in Paris of Sir Winston Churchill 1998 on the Right Bank of the Seine in front of the Petit Palais.

Cardot died on 13 October 2020 in Paris. He was 90 years old.

Académie des Beaux-Arts

The Académie des Beaux-Arts (, "Academy of Fine Arts") is a French learned society. It is one of the five academies of the Institut de France. The current President of the Academy (2016) is .

The Academy was created in 1816 in Paris as a merger of the Académie de peinture et de sculpture (Academy of Painting and Sculpture, founded 1648), the Académie de musique (Academy of Music, founded in 1669) and the Académie d'architecture (Academy of Architecture, founded in 1671).


Nevzat Güzelırmak

Nevzat Güzelırmak (1 January 1942 – 12 October 2020) was a Turkish football defender and later manager. He played 18 times for Turkey from 1962 to 1968. He also played for Göztepe S.K. between 1960 to 1975.

Güzelırmak died on 12 October 2020 at the age of 78.

The Incident (movie)

The Incident is a 1967 American crime thriller movie directed by Larry Peerce and was based on the teleplay "Ride with Terror" by Nicholas E. Baehr. It stars Martin Sheen, Beau Bridges, Ruby Dee, Tony Musante, Ed McMahon, Victor Arnold, Thelma Ritter, Donna Mills, Jan Sterling, Jack Gilford, Brock Peters, Robert Fields and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Göztepe S.K.

Göztepe Spor Kulübü (, Göztepe Sports Club) also known as Göztepe, is a Turkish sports club based in the Göztepe and neighborhoods of İzmir. 

The club became the Turkish champions in 1950. In 1969 Göztepe became the first Turkish football team to play a semi-final in European competitions.

Fernando Lopes (swimmer)

Fernando Lopes (21 November 1964 – October 2020) was an Angolan swimmer. He competed in the men's 4 × 100 metre medley relay at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Lopes died in October 2020 at the age of 55.

Carlos M. Rivera

Carlos M. Rivera (1934 – October 12, 2020) was an American firefighter. He was the first Hispanic commissioner in the New York City Fire Department's 127-year history. He was appointed the 27th Fire Commissioner of the City of New York by Mayor David N. Dinkins on January 1, 1990. He resigned on August 31, 1993.

Rivera died on October 12, 2020 in New York City at the age of 86.

Chairman of the Chinese Communist Party

The Chairman of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China () was the head of the Chinese Communist Party (CCP). The position was established at the 8th National Congress in 1945 and abolished at the 12th National Congress in 1982, being replaced by that of the General Secretary. The CCP Chairman was elected by the Central Committee in plenary session and had full powers over the Central Committee, the Politburo and its Standing Committee.



Sadegh Malek Shahmirzadi

Sadegh Malek Shahmirzadi () (April 24, 1940 – October 12, 2020) was an Iranian archaeologist and anthropologist. He was born in Shahmirzad, Semnan Province. 

Shahmirzadi was the author of over 60 research articles and books. Shahmirzadi's book, "Dictionary of Archeology English-Persian-Persian-English," published in 1997.

Shamirzadi died on October 12, 2020 in Tehran at the age of 80.


Aldo Brovarone

Aldo Brovarone (24 June 1926 – 12 October 2020) was an Italian automobile designer. He was the chief stylist for Pininfarina. He was known for his works including the Ferrari Dino GTS, Lancia Gamma Coupé and the Peugeot 504 and 504 Coupé. Brovarone was born in Vigliano Biellese, Italy.

Brovarone died on 12 October 2020 in Turin, Italy at the age of 94.

Ezra Schabas

Ezra Schabas, (April 24, 1924 – October 12, 2020) was an American-born Canadian musician, educator and author. He began working in 1952. He was born in New York City. He was a leading musical educator, clarinetist, and administrator in Toronto's musical institutions. 

He wrote several books on Canadian and American musical history, and he was appointed to the Order of Ontario and made a Member of the Order of Canada.

Shabas died on October 12, 2020 in Toronto at the age of 96.


Chris Killip

Christopher David Killip (11 July 1946 – 13 October 2020) was a Manx photographer. He worked at Harvard University in Cambridge, Massachusetts, from 1991 to 2017, as a Professor of Visual and Environmental Studies. Killip was well known for his black and white images of people and places. He was born in Douglas, Isle of Man.

Killip died in October 2020 at the age of 74.


Vitória F.C.

Vitória Futebol Clube is a Portuguese sports club from the city of Setúbal. Popularly known as Vitória de Setúbal (), the club was born under the original name Sport Victoria from the ashes of the small Bonfim Foot-Ball Club.

Setúbal

Setúbal (, , ) is a city and a municipality in Portugal. The population in 2021 was 123,496.

In Setubal is Portugal’s largest covered market, and the Igreja do Convento de Jesus church.
On the hill to the south of the city is the Forte de São Filipe, a fort constructed during the 16th century by the Spanish king, Philip II.

Augusto Matine

Augusto Matine (13 February 1947 – 13 October 2020) was a Portuguese footballer and manager.

He played as a midfielder mostly for Benfica and Vitória Setúbal at club level and 9 times for the Portugal national team. He managed the Mozambique national team, Estrela Amadora and home town clubs Ferroviário de Maputo and Desportivo de Maputo.

Something in the Way

"Something in the Way" is a song by American rock band Nirvana, written by Kurt Cobain. It is the 12th song on their second album, "Nevermind", released in September 1991. It is the final listed song on the album, although most copies of "Nevermind" also feature the hidden track "Endless, Nameless".

"Something in the Way" was said to be based on a time when Cobain was homeless and slept underneath a bridge, close to his childhood home in Aberdeen, Washington. While Cobain did run away from home as a teenager, his sisters and biographer do not believe he actually slept under it.

In August 2020, the song charted for the first time after appearing in the first trailer for the 2022 superhero movie "The Batman", peaking at number two on "Billboard's" "US Rock Digital Songs Sales" chart, and number five on their "US Alternative Digital Songs Sales" charts. When the movie came out in March 2022, Spotify said there was a 1200% increase in streams of the song. 

John Richard Reid

John Richard Reid (3 June 1928 – 14 October 2020) was a New Zealand cricketer. He was born in Auckland, New Zealand. He played for the national team between 1949 to 1965. 

In 1962, Reid was appointed an Officer of the Order of the British Empire. 

Reid died in Auckland on 14 October 2020 at the age of 92.

Lexicographic order

Lexicographic Order is, to put simply, Alphabetic order.<br>
in a mathematicalor programming context, this means that symbols are ordered by their value<br>
for example: 0, 00, 1, 11, 2, 22, etc.

Axion

An axion is a elementary particle theorized in 1977 by the Peccei–Quinn theory. It was used to solve the strong CP problem in quantum chromodynamics (QCD). If these axions do exist in a specific mass range, they could be a possible part of cold dark matter. There is also evidence of solar axions (axions from the Sun). Also if these axions exist there is evidence that they can go faster than the speed of light.

Alexander Tilloch Galt

Sir Alexander Tilloch Galt, (Born September 6, 1817, died September 19, 1893) was a politician and a father of the Canadian Confederation.

He began working in Canada with the British American Land Company in Lower Canada's Eastern Townships. He was angry about the political deadlock in the united legislature of Canada East (Québec) and Canada West (Ontario). He first supported annexation to the United States, but later worked for a federal union of the British North American colonies. After Confederation, he moved from electoral politics into diplomacy. He continued to promote development in the Eastern Townships and later in southern Alberta.

Spallation

Spallation is a process whereby material is released from a body because of impact or stress. In impact mechanics, it is the release of material from a target during impact by a projectile. In planetary physics, it is the impact of a meteoroid on the surface of a planet and the effects of solar winds and cosmic rays on the atmosphere and surface of planets. In anthropology, spallation is a process used to make stone tools by knapping. In nuclear physics, spallation is the process in which a heavy nucleus releases many nucleons because it has been hit by a high-energy particle, thereby reducing its atomic weight.

Agwé

Agwé (also spelt Goue, Agoueh, or Agive), is a loa who rules over the sea, fish, and aquatic plants, as well as the patron loa of fishermen and sailors in Voodoo.

His colors are blue, white, and occasionally sea-green or brown. His "veve" (ritual symbol) is a boat with sails. His symbols are painted shells, painted oars, and sea life like the seahorse and starfish.

Small offerings to Agwe are dropped overboard in deep ocean water. Large offerings to Agwe are left on constructed rafts ("barques d'Agwe") which are floated to sea. If the raft sinks, it is accepted; if it returns to shore it is rejected.

His offerings include: 

mirrors, toy ships or scale ship models, oars or paddles, sea shells;

champagne, naval rum, coffee with sugar and cream, white cake, cane syrup, olive oil; 

male ducks and white rams or goats (they are prepared, cooked, and then placed on plates as a sacrifice; as king of the seas, Agwe doesn't get hot food at home).


Beryllium-10

Beryllium-10 (Be) is a radioisotope of beryllium. It is formed in the Earth's atmosphere mainly by cosmic ray spallation of nitrogen and oxygen. Beryllium-10 has a half-life of 1.39 × 10 years. It decays by beta decay to boron-10. It has a maximum energy of 556.2 keV. It decays through the reaction Be→B + e.

Be and its daughter product have been used to study soil erosion, soil formation from regolith, the development of lateritic soils and the age of ice cores. It is also formed in nuclear explosions by a reaction of fast neutrons with C in the carbon dioxide in air.

Freddie Ljungberg

Karl Fredrik Ljungberg (born 16 April 1977) is a Swedish former professional footballer who played as a winger. He is also a football manager. He was the former assistant coach of Arsenal F.C.

Halmstad

Arsenal

Seattle Sounders


Individual


Michael Bradley

Michael Sheehan Bradley (born July 31, 1987) is an American former professional soccer player.

Roma

Toronto FC
United States
Individual

Planetary differentiation

In planetary science, planetary differentiation is the process of separating out different parts of a planetary body where the planetary body develops into distinct layers. The denser materials of a planet sink to the center, while less dense materials rise to the surface. Such a process usually creates a core and mantle. Sometimes a crust forms on top of the mantle. The process of planetary differentiation has happened on planets, dwarf planets, the asteroid 4 Vesta, and natural satellites (such as the Moon).

Callus

A callus is an area of thick skin that forms due to pressure, friction or irritation. Repeated contact is needed for them to form. Calluses are often found on one's feet because of walking and badly fitting shoes. Though they may appear unsightly, calluses are not usually harmful. They can, however, lead to or cause other problems if neglected.

Calluses can also form on human hands. In particular, the middle, ring and index fingers are prone to calluses.

Construction work, having high heels on too much, rock climbing and playing musical instruments can cause calluses on the hands or feet. Certain sports can also cause calluses.

Legia Warsaw

Legia Warszawa (), known in English as Legia Warsaw, is a professional football club in Warsaw, Poland. Legia is one of the most successful Polish football clubs in history winning 14 Ekstraklasa titles, a record 19 Polish Cup trophies and four Polish SuperCups. The club plays its home games at the Polish Army Stadium.

"As of 1 October 2020"

Note: "italics" means neutral place results or penalised result

"This is a list of former players and coaches who have been inducted into the Legia Warsaw Hall of Fame."



Frasers Property

Frasers Property is a company that manages real estate in many countries. It is a multi-national company. It has assets in Singapore, Southeast Asia, Australia, Europe, and China. The company headquarters is in Singapore. The stocks of the company is traded in the Singapore Exchange. 

Frasers Property Industrial is a strategic business unit of Frasers Property. It develops and manages industrial properties in Australia, Germany, the Netherlands and Austria. As of 31 December 2019, it had approximately S$5.4 billion of assets under management. 


Sebastian Giovinco

Sebastian Giovinco (born 26 January 1987) is an Italian professional footballer. He plays as a forward for Saudi Arabian club Al-Hilal and the Italy national team. 

Juventus Primavera

Juventus

Toronto FC

Al-Hilal

Italy 

Italy U21



Aluminium alloy

Aluminium alloys are alloys in which aluminium is the main metal used. It is usually alloyed with elements like copper, magnesium, manganese, silicon, tin and zinc. Aluminium alloys are classified into casting alloys and wrought alloys. About 85% of aluminium is used for wrought products. Cast aluminium alloys give cheap products because of their low melting point. Aluminium alloys are widely used in engineering structures.

Queer anarchism

Queer anarchism is a movement within anarchism that supports LGBT people expressing themselves. The movement is in favor of gay liberation and against homophobia. Notable people advocating queer anarchism were John Henry Mackay, Adolf Brand and Daniel Guérin.


Planet of the Apes (2001 movie)

Planet of the Apes is an American science fiction movie released in 2001 and directed by Tim Burton. It was based on the novel "La planète des singes" written by Pierre Boulle and released in 2001 and is a remake of the 1968 movie. The movie stars Mark Wahlberg and features Tim Roth, Helena Bonham Carter, Michael Clarke Duncan and Paul Giamatti. It was released by 20th Century Fox.

Leo Davidson lands on a planet inhabited by smart apes.

The movie received mixed reviews, particularly the twist ending.

Morton's toe

Morton's toe is a condition wherein the second toe may be or appears longer than the big toe.

The most common symptom seen in Morton's toe is calluses. The first metatarsal head usually bears most of a person's body weight. But because the second metatarsal head is farthest forward, the force is transferred there. Pain may also be felt at the foot's arch.

In shoe-wearing cultures, Morton's toe leads to several problems. People with Morton's toe need to wear wide or proper shoes for their feet.

People with Morton's toe also have Greek feet, Royal toe or Morton's foot.

Ghostbusters (2016 movie)

Ghostbusters is an American supernatural comedy movie directed by Paul Feig. It is also a female-oriented reboot starring Melissa McCarthy, Kristen Wiig, Kate McKinnon, Leslie Jones and Chris Hemsworth. It was released in June 2016 to mixed reviews. Its failure resulted in a sequel getting cancelled in favor of "" (2021).


Kent L. Wakeford

Kent Lon Wakeford (January 23, 1928 – October 10, 2020) was an American cinematographer and television commercial producer.

Wakeford was best known for working on Martin Scorsese's movies "Mean Streets" and "Alice Doesn't Live Here Anymore", as well as on the movies "Some Folks Call It a Sling Blade" and "Wedding Bell Blues".

Wakeford died at a retirement home in Calabasas, California on October 10, 2020, at the age of 92.

Michael D. Morley

Michael Darwin Morley (1930 – October 11, 2020) was an American mathematician. Morley was professor emeritus at Cornell University.
His research is in mathematical logic and model theory, and he was best known for Morley's categoricity theorem. He was born in Youngstown, Ohio

Morley died on October 11, 2020 in Sayre, Pennsylvania at the age of 90.

Sayre, Pennsylvania

Sayre is the largest borough in Bradford County, Pennsylvania, southeast of Elmira, New York. The population was 5,461 at the 2020 census.

Percy Schmeiser

Percy Schmeiser (January 5, 1931October 13, 2020) was a Canadian businessman, farmer and politician. He was born in Bruno, Saskatchewan. He was a member of the Saskatchewan Liberal Party.

He became known for independent farmers' rights and the regulation of transgenic crops during his protracted legal battle with multinational agrichemical company Monsanto.

He did plant breeding and grew canola, field peas, mustard and wheat. From 1967 to 1971, he was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Saskatchewan.

Schmeiser died on October 13, 2020 from Parkinson's disease-related problems in Saskatchewan at the age of 89.

Marisa de Leza

Marisa de Leza (9 June 1933 – 14 October 2020) was a Spanish actress. She was born in Madrid.

Her movie roles include: "I'm Not Mata Hari" (1949), "Day by Day" (1951), "Lovers of Toledo" (1953), "Flight 971" (1953), "Court of Justice" (1953), "Under the Sky of Spain" (1953), "Andalusia Express" (1956), "Between Time and Eternity" (1956), "Mi permette, babbo!" (1956), "The Sun Comes Out Every Day" (1958), "The Big Show" (1960) and "The Gold Suit" (1960)

Leza died in Madrid from a long-illness on 14 October 2020, aged 87.

Sheb Wooley

Shelby Fredrick "Sheb" Wooley (April 10, 1921 – September 16, 2003) was an American actor and country pop singer. He was best known for his 1958 novelty song "The Purple People Eater". He played Frank Miller, in the movie "High Noon", Travis Cobb in "The Outlaw Josey Wales" and Pete Nolan in the television series "Rawhide."

He is best known as the voice actor of the Wilhelm scream sound effect.

The Charge at Feather River

The Charge at Feather River, a 1953 Western movie directed by Gordon Douglas. It was originally released in 3D with many arrows, lances, and other weapons flying directly at the audience in several scenes.

The movie is best known for creating and using the "Wilhelm scream".

Max Steiner

Maximilian Raoul Steiner (May 10, 1888 – December 28, 1971) was an Austrian-born American music composer.

Steiner composed over 300 movie scores with RKO Pictures and Warner Bros., and was nominated for 24 Academy Awards, winning three: "The Informer" (1935); "Now, Voyager" (1942); and "Since You Went Away" (1944). 

His best works were "King Kong" (1933), "Little Women" (1933), "Jezebel" (1938), and "Casablanca" (1942).

Guy Madison

Guy Madison (born Robert Ozell Moseley; January 19, 1922 – February 6, 1996) was an American actor. He is best known for playing Wild Bill Hickok in the Western television series "The Adventures of Wild Bill Hickok" from 1951 to 1958.

Madison died of emphysema at the Desert Hospital Hospice in Palm Springs, California, on February 6, 1996, at the age of 74.

Frank Lovejoy

Frank Andrew Lovejoy Jr. (March 28, 1912 – October 2, 1962) was an American actor. He was best known for his roles in "The Hitch-Hiker" and for starring in the radio drama "Night Beat".


Helen Westcott

Helen Westcott (born Myrthas Helen Hickman, January 1, 1928 – March 17, 1998) was an American actor. She is best known for her work in "The Gunfighter" (1950).


Gordon Douglas (director)

Gordon Douglas (born Gordon Douglas Brickner; December 15, 1907 – September 29, 1993) was an American movie director. He was born in New York City. He worked with RKO Films, Columbia Pictures and Warner Bros.. He also directed many "Our Gang" shorts.

For Columbia Pictures, he made "Mr. Soft Touch" (1949), "Between Midnight and Dawn" (1950), "Rogues of Sherwood Forest" (1950), "Fortunes of Captain Blood" (1950), and "The Nevadan" (1950).

For RKO Films, he made "The Great Gildersleeve" (1942) and its sequel "Gildersleeve on Broadway" (1943), "Gildersleeve's Bad Day" (1943) and "Gildersleeve's Ghost" (1944). He also directed "The Falcon in Hollywood" (1944), "Girl Rush" (1944), "A Night of Adventure" (1944), and "First Yank into Tokyo" (1945).

Eastern green mamba

The eastern green mamba ("Dendroaspis angusticeps") is a highly venomous snake species of the mamba genus "Dendroaspis". They are found in the coastal regions of southern East Africa. It was discovered in 1849. It has a slender build with bright green upperparts and yellow-green underparts. The adult female averages around in length, and the male is slightly smaller.

The eastern green mamba preys on birds, eggs, bats, and rodents such as mice, rats, and gerbils. Their venom affects the cardiovascular and nerve systems.

Jameson's mamba

Jameson's mamba ("Dendroaspis jamesoni") is a species of quick, highly arboreal and highly venomous snake of the family Elapidae. The species are found in Africa. They were discovered in 1843.

Western green mamba

The western green mamba ("Dendroaspis viridis"), also known as the West African green mamba or Hallowell's green mamba, is a long, thin, and highly venomous snake of the mamba genus, "Dendroaspis". This species was first described in 1844.

The western green mamba is a fairly large and mainly arboreal species. They mainly eat rodents and other small mammals.

Andrew Smith (zoologist)

Sir Andrew Smith KCB (3 December 1797 – 11 August 1872) was a Scottish surgeon, explorer, ethnologist and zoologist. He is known as the father of zoology in South Africa. He discovered many species in his major work, "Illustrations of the Zoology of South Africa". Smith was born in Hawick, Roxburghshire.

Coluber constrictor foxii

Coluber constrictor foxii, commonly known as the blue racer, is a subspecies of "Coluber constrictor", a species of nonvenomous, colubrid snakes. They are known as the eastern racer.

Schitt's Creek

Schitt's Creek (stylized as Schitt Creek) is a Canadian television sitcom created by Dan and Eugene Levy that aired on CBC Television from January 13, 2015, to April 7, 2020. It is made up of 80 episodes spread over six seasons.

It was produced by Not a Real Company Productions.

Now living in a motel, Johnny Rose (Eugene Levy) and Moira Rose (Catherine O'Hara)—along with their adult children, David (Dan Levy) and Alexis (Annie Murphy)—must live life without money and, with each other.

In 2020, it won the Primetime Emmy Award for Outstanding Comedy Series.

Annie Murphy

Anne Frances Murphy (born December 19, 1986) is a Canadian actress. She is best known for her starring role as Alexis Rose in the CBC sitcom "Schitt's Creek" (2015–2020).

Dan Levy (Canadian actor)

Daniel Joseph Levy (born 9 August 1983) is a Canadian actor, writer, director, and producer. Friday After Next Next Friday

His parents are Eugene Levy and Deborah Divine.

He is known for starring as David Rose in the CBC sitcom "Schitt's Creek" (2015–2020), which he also co-created and co-starred in with his father.

Levy is openly gay.

Sarah Levy

Sarah Levy (born September 10, 1986) is a Canadian actress. She was born in Toronto. She is best known for her role in "Schitt's Creek" as Twyla Sands. She also had a small role in the movie "Larry Crowne" (2011).

Levy is the daughter of actor Eugene Levy and Deborah Divine, and the sister of television personality Dan Levy.

Infimum and supremum

In mathematics, the infimum or greatest lower bound of a set "A", written as formula_1, is the greatest element among all lower bounds of "A". Similarly, the supremum or least upper bound of "A", written as formula_2, is the smallest element among all upper bounds of "A".

For example, if "A" is the set formula_3, then formula_4 and formula_5. Infimum and supremum are unique, if they exist. Infimum and supremum are key concepts in the field of mathematical analysis.


The Way, Way Back

The Way, Way Back is a 2013 American comedy movie directed by Nat Faxon and Jim Rash. It was produced by Sycamore Pictures and Odd Lot Entertainment.


Stephen N. Limbaugh Sr.

Stephen Nathaniel Limbaugh Sr. ( ; born November 17, 1927) is an American former federal judge. He served as a judge to both the United States District Court for the Eastern District of Missouri and the District Court for the Western District of Missouri from 1983 until his retirement in 2008. He was chosen by U.S. president Ronald Reagan in the early 1980s after a noted career as a trial lawyer in Missouri. 

Limbaugh was born in Cape Girardeau, Missouri. His son and namesake, Stephen N. Limbaugh Jr., is currently a federal judge for the Eastern District of Missouri. He is also an uncle of radio host and conservative commentator Rush Limbaugh.

Stephen Limbaugh

Stephen Limbaugh may refer to:

Paul Matters

Paul Matters (14 October 1952 – 14 October 2020) was an Australian musician. He was born in Toronto, New South Wales. He served as a bassist of rock band AC/DC in 1975. He joined the group after their first album "High Voltage". He was sacked by AC/DC singer Bon Scott weeks after joining the group and replaced by Mark Evans.

Little is known to the public about Matters' life after being sacked by AC/DC. He died of heart disease in his hometown of Toronto on 14 October 2020, his 68th birthday.

Lévon Sayan

Lévon Sayan or Levon Sanosyan (, born December 17, 1934) is a French-Armenian impresario and producer, as well as an operatic tenor. He was born in Aix-en-Provence, France. He was the music manager of Charles Aznavour, Liza Minnelli, Plácido Domingo and Mario del Monaco.

Miles Teller

Miles Alexander Teller (born February 20, 1987) is an American actor. His movies include "The Spectacular Now", "Whiplash", "Divergent", "Bleed for This" and "Thank You for Your Service".

Downingtown, Pennsylvania

Downingtown is a borough in Chester County, Pennsylvania, west of Philadelphia. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 7,892.

Lecanto, Florida

Lecanto is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Citrus County, Florida, United States. As of the 2020 census it had a population of 6,301.

Maihar

Maihar is a a city in Satna District in Madhya Pradesh in India.

There is a Sharda Devi temple in Maihar and a religious fair every year. The temple was built in 502 c.e. There are many legends about the temple and the city.

The name "Maihar" comes from the words "mai" meaning "mother" and "har" meaning "necklace."

Tom and Jerry (2021 movie)

Tom & Jerry (marketed as Tom and Jerry: The Movie) is an 2021 American live-action/animated slapstick comedy adventure movie based on Will the eponymous cartoon trouble-making two-some of the same name made by William Hanna & Joseph Barbera in 1940. It was directed by Tim Story and produced by Warner Bros. Pictures, and Warner Animation Group. The movie was released on February 26, 2021 in theaters and HBO Max. On , it was released on the January 1, 2021. It is the 15th movie of the Tom and Jerry series, WB's 2nd 2021 live-action/animated hybrid after (2021) as well as the 3rd to set up the fictional duo in the contemporary real-world after Anchors Aweigh (1945) 1953's Dangerous When Wet but this time as protagonists rathere than cameo characters. It is also a reboot of the series. The movie tells tells the story of Tom & Jerry's antics getting involved with a New York hotel when Jerry moves and settles into it weeks before the "wedding of the century" of Preeta (Pallavi Sharda) and her fiance Ben (Colin Jost). It stars in voice cast actors Chloe Grace Moretz, Michael Pina, Rob Delaney, Pallavi Sharda, Colin Jost, ,Ken Jeong, , Nicky Jam, Bobby Cannavale and Utkarsh Ambudkar with & Andre Sogluizzo's voices for the titular duo. This forces the hotel's new event planner Kayla (Chloe Grace Moretz) to hire Tom to exterminate Jerry before the ceremony. This gets them involved with Terence (Micheal Pena's) plan to use their long-lasting feud so he can ruin everything. with Kayla's chances, the wedding and hotel itself at their mercy this tests them to the limit & forces them to do the unthinkable-they must put their differences aside to save-the-day!

The movie has many of the actions and features of the original Tom and Jerry cartoons. These include classic cartoon violence or cliches such as Jerry hitting Tom in the eye, Tom always trying to beat Jerry but failing, the 2's non-stop antagonization the classic Rube-Goldberg mousetrap Tom makes to get Jerry out, Tom's housecat nature to catch Jerry for a certain goal for someone, thing or himself, first film-viewed from the animated movie, Tom hitting Spike on the head so hard he gets a bump on his head and the fight tornado sequences, with Tom's usual scream and Jerry's nervous heartbeat with characters like seen since in 1940s old shorts. There are several musical scenes with rap songs and tunes such as Can I Kick It?(A Tribe Called Quest).

On July 1 2021, a sequel set after the of the movie, "Tom & Jerry in New York", was released with a Chinese-anime chibi short film series titled just "Tom & Jerry" in 2023, where both take their chaos to modern-day Singapore, and newer series of a direct-to-video films from 2024-2028, also upcoming untitled reboot series by YouTube and a untitled series features Droopy.



Motorola 68000

The Motorola 68000 was a microprocessor created by Motorola in 1979. This microprocessor was used in the Sega Mega Drive/Genesis. It was a 16/32-Bit processor capable of running software. This processors' successor was the Motorola 68010.

The Sheriff of Fractured Jaw

The Sheriff of Fractured Jaw is a 1958 British western comedy movie directed by Raoul Walsh and was based on the 1954 short story of the same name. It stars Kenneth More, Jayne Mansfield, Henry Hull, Bruce Cabot, Ronald Squire, Sid James, Ronald Squire, Gordon Tanner, Robert Morley and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Rainbow Ruby

Rainbow Ruby (; Chinese: 彩虹宝宝; pinyin: Cǎihóng bǎobǎo) is a 2016 Korean/Chinise/Canadian CGI animated television series aimed at children, produced by 38 °C Animation Studio and CJ E&M Corporation in South Korea, China Entertainment Corporation (a subsidiary of China ACG Group, which is an enterprise directly under the PRC Government's Ministry of Culture) in China and DHX Media In Canada And Produced In Association With EBS 1 (South Korea) CCTV 1 (China) and Family Jr. (Canada)

Super Wings

Super Wings (Korean: 출동! 슈퍼윙스; Chinese: 超级飞侠) is a South Korean animated television series produced by FunnyFlux Entertainment in South Korea and distributed by Alpha Group Co., Ltd. in China, and Little Airplane Productions in the United States and It aired broadcasting to Sprout/Universal Kids to on March 14, 2015 and until 2021, with the production support from the Educational Broadcasting System in South Korea, and additional support from KOCCA.
Broadcast:

Akkitham Achuthan Namboothiri

Akkitham Achuthan Namboothiri (18 March 1926 – 15 October 2020), popularly known as Akkitham, was an Indian poet and essayist. Many of his works were in the Malayalam language. He was born near Kumaranellur, Palakkad.

Akkitham was the 2019 recipient of India’s highest literary honour, the Jnanpith Award, and several other awards including Padma Shri.

Namboothiri died at a private hospital on 15 October 2020 in Thrissur, aged 94.

List of presidents of Calabria

This is a list of the presidents of Calabria since 1970. 

<onlyinclude>

</onlyinclude>

<onlyinclude>


</onlyinclude>

Rosario Olivo

Rosario Olivo (born 18 April 1940) is an Italian politician. He was born in Catanzaro, Italy. He is a member of the Italian Socialist Party.

He was deputy from 1992 to 2001 and was the President of Calabria from 1987 to 1992. In 2006, he was elected mayor of Catanzaro.

Giuseppe Chiaravalloti

Giuseppe Chiaravalloti (born 26 February 1934) is an Italian judge and politician. He was the President of Calabria between 18 May 2000 to 2 May 2005. He was a member of the Forza Italia. Chiaravalloti was born in Satriano, Italy.

Agazio Loiero

Agazio Loiero (born 14 January 1940) is an Italian politician. He was born in Santa Severina, Italy. He was a Senator between 1996 to 2001. He was also a Deputy between 1987 to 1994 and again from 2001 to 2005. 

During the cabinet of Massimo D'Alema, he was Minister for Parliamentary Relations between 1999 to 2000. During the Giuliano Amato cabinet, he was Minister of Reginal Affairs between 2000 to 2001.

From 2005 to 2010, he was President of Calabria.

Jole Santelli

Jole Santelli (28 December 1968 – 15 October 2020) was an Italian politician. She was a member of the Forza Italia 2013 party. She was born in Cosenza, Italy. She was a Deputy from 30 May 2000 to 31 March 2020. On 17 February 2020, she became President of Calabria.

Santelli died on 15 October 2020 in Cosenza from an internal hemorrhage caused by cancer, aged 51.

Raúl Portal

Raul Alberto Portal (23 September 1939 – 14 October 2020) was an Argentine journalist, radio and television presenter. He was known for being the original presenter for "Unusual Weekly" during the 1980s. He was also the presenter of many reality shows for El Nueve.

Portal died of pneumonia caused by multiple strokes on 14 October 2020 in Buenos Aires, aged 81.

Thrombocytopenia

Thrombocytopenia is a condition where there is an unhealthy case of low levels of platelets, also known as thrombocytes, in the blood.

A normal human platelet count ranges from 150,000 to 450,000 platelets per microliter of blood. This condition can often make a person have 50,000 per microliter. 

Thrombocythemia

Thrombocythemia is a condition of high platelet (thrombocyte) count in the blood. Normal count is in the range of 150,000 to 450,000 platelets per microlitre of blood.

When the cause is unknown, the term thrombocythemia is used, as either primary thrombocythyemia or essential thrombocythemia. This is caused by problems found in the bone marrow, cells that overproduce the platelets. The cause of these problems is unknown.

José Augusto Martins Fernandes Pedreira

José Augusto Martins Fernandes Pedreira (10 April 1935 – 14 October 2020) was a Portuguese Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Valença, Portugal. He was the Bishop of Viana do Castelo from 1997 to 2010.

Martins Fernandes Pedreira died on 14 October 2020 in Braga, Portugal at the age of 85.

Claude Feidt

Claude Feidt (7 March 1936 – 13 October 2020) was a French Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in Audun-le-Roman, France. He was Archbishop of Chambéry from 1985 to 1999 and of Aix from 1999 to 2010.

Feidt died on 13 October 2020 at a hospital in Le Puy-en-Velay, France at the age of 84.

Audun-le-Roman

Audun-le-Roman (Lorrain: "Audeu", ) is a commune in the Meurthe-et-Moselle department in northeastern France.

Bhanu Athaiya

Bhanu Athaiya (born Bhanumati Annasaheb Rajopadhye; 28 April 1929 – 15 October 2020) was an Indian costume designer. She was born in Kolhapur, then-British India. She was best known for being the costume designer for the 1982 movie "Gandhi". She won an Academy Award for Best Costume Design for her "Gandhi" designs.

In 2012, Athaiya was diagnosed with a form of brain cancer and left her paralyzed. She died from problems caused by the disease on 15 October 2020 at a Mumbai hospital, aged 91.


Kolhapur

Kolhapur, () is a city in the Indian state of Maharashtra.

Resolute desk

The "Resolute" desk is a nineteenth-century desk used by several presidents of the United States in the White House Oval Office.

It was a gift from Queen Victoria to President Rutherford B. Hayes in 1880 and was built from the English oak timbers of the British Arctic exploration ship . Franklin Roosevelt added a door with the presidential seal to hide his leg braces. 

Many presidents since Hayes have used the desk at many locations in the White House.

The desk was removed from the White House after the 1963 assassination of President John F. Kennedy, when President Lyndon Johnson allowed it to go on a traveling exhibition with artifacts of the Kennedy Presidential Library. It was then put on display in the Smithsonian Institution.

President Jimmy Carter brought the desk back to the Oval Office in 1977, where it has remained with every president since, except George H. W. Bush.

Soumitra Chatterjee

Soumitra Chatterjee (19 January 1935 – 15 November 2020) was an Indian actor, playwright, theatre director, painter and poet. He was born in Kolkata, West Bengal. His career began in 1959. 

Chatterjee was known for his roles in "Abhijan", "Charulata", "Aranyer Din Ratri", "Ashani Sanket", "Sonar Kella", "Joi Baba Felunath", "Ghare Baire", "Shakha Proshakha", "Ganashatru", "Akash Kusum", "Jhinder Bandi", "Parineeta" and in "Ganadevata".

On 12 October 2020, Chatterjee tested positive for COVID-19 and was hospitalized in Kolkata. He also had prostate cancer. Chatterjee died from the infection a month later on 15 November, aged 85.

Sharmila Tagore

Sharmila Tagore (born 8 December 1944), also known by her married name Ayesha Begum, is a retired Indian actress. She is known for her roles in "Mausam" (1975) and "Abar Aranye" (2003), and "Viruddh" (2006).

In December 2005 she was chosen as a UNICEF Goodwill Ambassador. 

She was one of the International Competition's Jury Members at the 2009 Cannes Film Festival. In 2013, she was awarded Padma Bhushan by the Government of India.

Mansoor Ali Khan Pataudi

Nawab Mohammad Mansoor Ali Khan Siddiqui Pataudi (also known as Mansur Ali Khan, or M. A. K. Pataudi; 5 January 1941 – 22 September 2011; nicknamed Tiger Pataudi), was an Indian cricketer and former captain of the Indian cricket team. 

He was the titular Nawab of Pataudi from 1952 until 1971. 

He was made captain at the age of 21. He was known as one of "India's greatest cricket captains". 

Pataudi died at a New Delhi hospital of respiratory failure and a respiratory tract infection caused by lung disease on 22 September 2011, aged 70.

Cow urine

Cow urine (गोमूत्र "Gomutra" in Hindi) is used as medicine mainly in India where cows are considered as holy by Hindus. In addition cow urine is consumed as a drink by people believing it to boost the immunity. Cow urine is one of the five contents of "Panchagavya" meaning five products obtained from a cow (urine, milk, ghee, curd and dung). Cow urine is also used in folk medicine in Myanmar, Nepal and Nigeria.

From ancient times it is used in Ayurveda medicine to treat leprosy, fever, peptic ulcers, liver diseases, kidney diseases, asthma, psoriasis and for weight loss in obesity.

Cow urine is used in organic farming as a fertilizer and to protect crops from fungal infections.

In addition cow urine is used as a floor cleaner and to manufacture cosmetic products like skin creams, bathing liquids and soap.

Although many Hindus believe cow urine can cure cancer, it is not backed by scientific research with some scientists saying cow urine may not have any medicinal value at all. Some Hindus including political figures in India believe that cow urine contains gold which is also a myth.

Kerry Shine

Kerry Gerard Shine (born 5 October 1948) is an Australian politician and solicitor. He is a member of the Labor Party. He was a member of the Legislative Assembly of Queensland for Toowoomba North from 2001 to 2012. He also served as Attorney-General of Queensland from 2006 to 2009. He became a member of Toowoomba Regional Council in March 2020. Before his political career, he co-founded the law firm Shine Lawyers.

Shine was born in Toowoomba, Queensland. He has three children.

Tiwi Islands

The Tiwi Islands are a group of islands part of the Northern Territory, Australia. The islands are to the north of Darwin, split by the Timor Sea. The islands are Melville Island (Australia's third largest island), Bathurst Island, as well as nine smaller islands. The combined area of the Tiwi Islands is . As of the 2016 census, 2,453 people lived on the islands.

The Tiwi people are indigenous to the islands.

Helium-3

Helium-3 (He) is a light, stable isotope of helium. It has two protons and one neutron. Helium-3 was discovered in 1939.

Helium-3 occurs as a primordial nuclide. It escapes from the Earth's crust into the atmosphere. It then escape into outer space over millions of years. Helium-3 is also thought to be a natural nucleogenic and cosmogenic nuclide. The amount of helium-3 is thought to be greater on the Moon than on Earth.

Iga Świątek

Iga Natalia Świątek (born 31 May 2001) is a Polish professional tennis player. She has a career-high Women's Tennis Association (WTA) ranking of No. 17 in the world. She is the highest-ranked teenager in women's singles. She was the champion at the 2020 French Open and is the first Polish Grand Slam singles champion in history. With her French Open title, she also became the youngest singles champion at the tournament since Rafael Nadal in 2005, and the youngest women's singles champion since Monica Seles in 1992.

Świątek was born in Warsaw. Her father, Tomasz, was an Olympic rower.


MLS Golden Boot

The MLS Golden Boot (currently the Audi Golden Boot for sponsorship reasons) has been awarded since the 2005 MLS season to the Major League Soccer regular–season leading scorer. The award replaced the MLS Scoring Champion Award that was awarded since the league's creation in 1996.

Prior to 2005 MLS used a point system that awarded two points for a goal and one point for an assist to give the MLS Scoring Champion Award.

Since 2005 Major League Soccer has awarded the MLS Golden Boot to the player who has scored the most goals outright, with ties being broken by assists.

Supercoppa Italiana

The Supercoppa Italiana () is an annual football competition. It is usually held the week before the Serie A season begins in Italy, or more recently in other countries during the winter. It is contested by the winners of the Serie A and the Coppa Italia in the previous season, as a curtain-raiser to the new season. If the same team wins both the Serie A and Coppa Italia titles in the previous season, the Supercoppa is contested by the Serie A winner and the Coppa Italia runner-up.

Created in 1988, 18 of the first 21 Supercoppa Italiana contested were played at the home of the Serie A champions, the exceptions being in 1993 and 2003, when it was held in the United States cities of Washington, D.C., and East Rutherford, New Jersey, and in 2002 when the game was played in the Libyan capital Tripoli. Since 2009, the venues chosen have mostly been outside of Italy.

Of the 32 finals played to date, the venues have been as follows:

Since the game was first established, the Serie A scudetto and Coppa Italia have been won by the same team eight times, thus making the Coppa Italia runner-up the second participant in the subsequent Supercoppa. This occurred in the following years: 1995, 2015, 2016, 2017 and 2018 (Juventus), 2000 (Lazio), 2006 and 2010 (Internazionale).

In 2018, the Serie A entered into a contract with the General Sports Authority, under which Saudi Arabia will host three out of the next five Supercoppa events.


Wissam Ben Yedder

Wissam Yanis Ben Yedder (born 12 August 1990) is a French professional footballer. He plays as a striker for Ligue 1 club AS Monaco and the France national team.

 "France score listed first, score column indicates score after each Ben Yedder goal."

Individual

DreamWorks Classics

Classic Media, LLC, using the name DreamWorks Classics, is an American entertainment company. It is owned by DreamWorks Animation, which is a subsidiary of Universal Pictures through Comcast's NBCUniversal. It was founded as Classic Media in 2000 by Eric Ellenbogen and John Engelman. The studio's library is made up of intellectual property catalogs and character brands it hs gotten from other companies. It also includes the licensing rights for some third-party properties. In 2012, DreamWorks Animation acquired Classic Media from its then-owner, Boomerang Media.

Silver Surfer

The Silver Surfer is a Marvel Comics character created by Jack Kirby. He is an ally of The Fantastic Four and Herald of Galactus. His real name is Norrin Radd.

In "", he was played by Doug Jones and his voice was done by Laurence Fishburne.

Aragón Internacional

Aragón TV Internacional is a Spanish television channel.

One from the Heart

One from the Heart is a 1982 American romantic musical movie directed by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Frederic Forrest, Teri Garr, Raul Julia, Lainie Kazan, Nastassja Kinski, Harry Dean Stanton, Allen Garfield, Rebecca de Mornay. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1983.


World in My Corner

World in My Corner is a 1956 American drama movie directed by Jesse Hibbs and starring Audie Murphy, Barbara Rush, Jeff Morrow, John McIntire, Tommy Rall, Howard St. John, Art Aragon, Jimmy Lennon. It was distributed by Universal Pictures.


NBA 2K13

NBA 2K13 is a basketball video game developed by Visual Concepts and published by 2K Sports. It was released on September 19, 2012 for the Xbox 360, PlayStation Portable, PlayStation 3, Microsoft Windows, and Wii. A version for the Wii U was also released as a launch title in North America, and in December for the PAL region. It is the fourth and final game in the series for both the Wii and PlayStation Portable as well as the only game in the series for the Wii U. It is also the last "NBA 2K" game for a Nintendo console until "NBA 2K18" for the Nintendo Switch. Blake Griffin of the Los Angeles Clippers, Kevin Durant of the Oklahoma City Thunder, and Derrick Rose of the Chicago Bulls are the cover athletes, and they are all shown in dunking positions. As the fourteenth installment in the series, "NBA 2K13" is the successor to "NBA 2K12" and the predecessor to "NBA 2K14".

Joshua N. Goldberg

Joshua N. Goldberg (May 30, 1925 – October 7, 2020) was an American physicist and educator. He was known for his research on general relativity. Goldberg was elected a Fellow of the American Physical Society in 1972.

Goldberg died in Syracuse, New York on October 7, 2020 at the age of 95.

Bernard S. Cohen

Bernard S. Cohen (January 17, 1934 – October 12, 2020) was an American civil liberties attorney and Democratic politician. He was a member of the Virginia House of Delegates between 1980 to 1996. He was born in New York City.

On April 10, 1967, he presented oral argument for the petitioners in "Loving v. Virginia" before the U. S. Supreme Court. On June 12, 1967, the Supreme Court ruled in favor of Cohen's clients, declaring bans on interracial marriage unconstitutional.

Cohen died on October 12, 2020 in Fredericksburg, Virginia from problems caused by Parkinson's disease-related deaths, aged 86.

Marcel Zadi Kessy

Marcel Zadi Kessy (1936 – 13 October 2020) was an Ivorian politician and businessman. He was born in Yacolidabouo, French West Africa. He was the President of the Economic and Social Council of Ivory Coast from May 2011 to June 2016. He was a founding member of the African Water Association, and was on the Board of Directors of the International Water Association.

Kessy died on 13 October 2020 at the age of 84.

László Mandur

László Mandur (February 2, 1958 – October 13, 2020) was a Hungarian photographer, politician and economist. He was one of the Deputy Speakers of the National Assembly of Hungary from May 15, 2002 to May 13, 2010. He was a member of the National Assembly of Hungary between May 15, 2002 and November 18, 2013.

Mandur was born in Csömör, Hungary. He was a member of the Hungarian Socialist Party. Mandur died on 13 October 2020 in Budapest, aged 62.

Ron Best

Ronald Alexander Best (3 October 1949 – 14 October 2020) was an Australian politician and Australian rules footballer. He was a National Party member of the Victorian Legislative Council from 1988 to 2002. He played for the Golden Square and Sandhurst. Best was born in Ivanhoe, Victoria.

Best died of pancreatic cancer on 14 October 2020 in Melbourne at the age of 71.

Ken Rice (American football)

Kenneth Earl Rice (September 14, 1939 – October 14, 2020) was an American professional football player. He was an offensive tackle in the American Football League (AFL) for the Buffalo Bills, Oakland Raiders, and the Miami Dolphins. 

Rice played college football for the Auburn Tigers, where he was named a two-time All-American. He was born in Attapulgus, Georgia.

Rice died on October 14, 2020 in Canton, Georgia at the age of 81.

Attapulgus, Georgia

Attapulgus is a city in Decatur County, Georgia, United States. As of the 2020 census, the city had a population of 454.

Antonio Ángel Algora Hernando

Antonio Ángel Algora Hernando (2 October 1940 – 15 October 2020) was a Spanish prelate of the Catholic Church. He was bishop of Teruel and Albarracín from 1985 to 2003 and Ciudad Real from 2003 to 2016. He was born in La Vilueña, Spain.

Algora Hernando died on 15 October 2020 from COVID-19 in Madrid at the age of 80.

National Assembly (Togo)

The National Assembly is the unicameral legislature of Togo. It has a total of 91 members who are elected in a party list proportional representation system. Members serve five-year terms. It was founded in April 1960.

Fambaré Ouattara Natchaba

Fambaré Ouattara Natchaba (17 April 1945 – 15 October 2020) was a Togolese politician. He was the President of the National Assembly of Togo from September 2000 to February 2005. He was a member of the Rally of the Togolese People (RPT). From 1994 to 2007, he was a member of the National Assembly. From 1992 to 1994, he was Minister of Foreign Affairs.

Natchaba died on 15 October 2020 at the age of 75.

End SARS

End Special Anti-Robbery Squad (End SARS) or #EndSARS is a social movement in Nigeria that started on Twitter. The movement asked the government to end the Special Anti-Robbery Squad (called SARS for short), which is part of the Nigerian Police Force. 

It supports ending police brutality and oppression in Nigeria. It started on social media campaign using the hashtag #ENDSARS to demand Nigeria's government stop using SARS on Nigerian people. The people were tired of being hurt by SARS officers. SARS kept hurting Nigerians and in 2020 there were very big protests. Many Nigerians came to the protests, but the government beat up and shot the protesters. On one day, the government killed about 30 protesters in Lagos. People all over the world started protesting too. Many people in the movement are now protesting not just SARS but the whole Nigerian government. 

Antonino Spirlì

Antonino “Nino” Spirlì (born 13 July 1961) is an Italian politician and journalist. He became the acting president of Calabria region following the death of Jole Santelli on 15 October 2020.

Input–output model

The different economic sectors of a country depend on each other. An input-ouptut model can be used to show these dependencies, or to show the dependencies between different regional economies. Wassily Leontief (1906–1999) is credited with developing this type of analysis and earned the Nobel Prize in Economics for his development of this model.

David Kabua

David Kabua (born May 26, 1951) is a Marshallese politician. He became President of the Marshall Islands in 2020. He is the son of the first president, Amata Kabua, and his wife Emlain Kabua.

Championship Auto Racing Teams

Championship Auto Racing Teams (CART) was a sanctioning body for American open-wheel car racing that operated from 1979 to 2003. It started PPG Indy Car World Series in 1979 and ended after the 2003 season.

CART was founded in 1979 by United States Auto Club (USAC). CART drivers continued to compete at the USAC-sanctioned Indianapolis 500.

Generalitat de Catalunya

The Generalitat de Catalunya (; in Spanish: "Generalidad de Cataluña"; in Aranese: "Generalitat de Catalonha"), or Government of Catalonia, is the Catalonia self-government system. It is formed by the Parliament of Catalonia, the Presidency of the Generalitat de Catalunya, and the Executive Council of Catalonia.

Armando Herrera (basketball)

Armando Herrera (5 February 1936 – 14 October 2020) was a Mexican basketball player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1960 Summer Olympics and the 1964 Summer Olympics. He was born in Chihuahua City, Mexico.

Herrera died on 14 October 2020 at the age of 84.

Ignasi Farreres Bochaca

Ignasi Farreres Bochaca (1 August 1939 – 11 October 2020) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the United to Advance. Farreres Bochaca was a member of the Generalitat de Catalunya from 1988 to 1999. He was born in La Pobla de Segur, Spain.

Farreres Bochaca died on 11 October 2020 in Barcelona at the age of 81.

Gennadios (Zervos)

Metropolitan Gennadios (, ; secular name Tsampikos Zervos, ; July 8, 1937 – October 16, 2020) was a Greek-Italian Eastern Orthodox prelate. He was the metropolitan bishop of the Greek Orthodox Archdiocese of Italy, covering Italy, Malta, and San Marino between 1996 until his death. He was born in Rhodes, Kingdom of Italy.

Gennadios died on October 16, 2020 at the age of 83.

1968 Democratic National Convention protests

Protest activity against the Vietnam War took place before and during the 1968 Democratic National Convention.

In 1967, counterculture and anti-Vietnam War protest groups had been promising to come to Chicago and ruin the convention, and the city promised to maintain law and order. 

For eight days the protesters were met by the Chicago Police Department in the streets and parks of Chicago while the U.S. Democratic Party met at the convention in the International Amphitheater, with the protests became violent in what a major report later said was a "police riot" on the night of August 28, 1968.

Erin Wall

Erin Wall (4 November 1975 – 8 October 2020) was a Canadian-American operatic soprano. She was born in Calgary, Alberta. In July 2002 she made her international debut in London with a performance in the "War Requiem" of Benjamin Britten. She spent most of her career with the Lyric Opera of Chicago. In April 2009, she started her career with Metropolitan Opera in New York as Donna Anna in "Don Giovanni".

Wall died on 8 October 2020 from problems caused by breast cancer in Mississauga, Ontario at the age of 44.

Luv (movie)

Luv is a 1967 American romantic black comedy movie directed by Clive Donner and was based on the play of the same name by Murray Schisgal. It stars Jack Lemmon, Peter Falk, Elaine May, Nina Wayne, Eddie Mayehoff, Paul Hartman, Harrison Ford and was distributed by Columbia Pictures.


River Truro

The Truro River is located in Truro, a city in southern Cornwall. It flows from two rivers named Kenwyn and Allen. The Truro River flows into the River Fal, where there is a lot of wildlife. The river valleys surround the city on the north, east and west and open to the Truro River in the south. Flood defences have been constructed around the city (as there was a major flood there in 1988) including an emergency dam and a tidal barrier.

The Truro River has many shipwrecks in it. This is because Truro's laws about who must remove damaged boats are different from other parts of the U.K.

Vasco da Gama, Goa

Vasco da Gama (), often shortened to Vasco, is a city in the state of Goa on the west coast of India. It is named after the Portuguese explorer Vasco da Gama. It is the headquarters of the Mormugão taluka (subdistrict). The city lies on the western tip of the Mormugao peninsula, at the mouth of the Zuari River, about from Panaji, Goa's capital, and about from Dabolim Airport.

The city was founded in 1543 and remained in Portuguese hands until 1961, when it became part of India. The 1888 constructed Mormugao Port remains a busy shipping route in Asia. It is one of the major ports of independent India. The ship-building area of Goa Shipyard Limited that builds Navy and Coast Guard vessels was also built here in 1957 (during the Portuguese-era). Initially built around the city's harbour as the barge-repair yard "Estaleiros Navais de Goa," the area has now expanded to include more related activities. The Indian Navy also has a presence in Mormugao, with its vast campuses, which include the naval base INS Hansa that shares control over the Dabolim Airport enclave.

News of the World

The News of the World was a weekly tabloid newspaper in the United Kingdom. It was published every Sunday. It was one of the most popular English language newspapers in the world when it stopped printing in 2011. It was first a broadsheet newspaper when it started in 1843. It was last owned by News International (a part of News Corporation) and was the sister newspaper of The Sun. From 2006, the newspaper was said to have hacked the phones of people in order to find news. The "News of the World" ended because of this on 7 July 2011. Many members of the "News of the World" were arrested by police for doing this.

A Sunday version of "The Sun" was started in the place of the "News of the World" on 26 February 2012. It was called "The Sun on Sunday". Some workers from the "News of the World" worked for this new newspaper.

List of newspapers named Sun

Sun or The Sun is the name of the following newspapers:













Sun (disambiguation)

The Sun is the star at the center of the Solar System.

Sun may also mean:















News of the World (disambiguation)

News of the World was a British tabloid newspaper. It may also mean



First Ladies and Gentlemen of the Philippines

The first lady or first gentleman of the Philippines () is a spouse of President of the Philippines.

As of , there are six living former first ladies and one living first gentleman. The most recent first lady to die was Victoria Quirino (1948–1953), daughter of Elpidio Quirino on November 29, 2006

Aurora Quezon

Aurora Antonia Quezon (née de Aragon y Molina; February 19, 1888 – April 28, 1949) was the wife of Philippine President Manuel Luis Quezon and the First Lady of the Philippines from 1935 to 1944. 

Rodolfo Fischer

Rodolfo José Fischer Eichler (2 April 1944 – 16 October 2020), also known by his nickname "El Lobo", was an Argentine footballer. He played as a striker.

Fischer played 271 league matches for San Lorenzo in Buenos Aires, scoring 141 goals. He won three championships with the club. He also played for Botafogo in Brazil and Once Caldas in Colombia. He also played for the Argentina national team between 1967 and 1972. He played 35 games for his country, scoring 12 goals.

Fischer was born in Oberá, Misiones. He was of German-Brazilian ancestry. Fisher died on 16 October 2020 at the age of 76.

F. Gary Gray

Felix Gary Gray (born July 17, 1969) is an American movie director, producer, music video director and actor. Gray's first directed movie was the comedy "Friday" (1995). He then went on to direct movies such as "Set It Off" (1996), "The Negotiator" (1998), "The Italian Job" (2003), "Be Cool" (2005), "Law Abiding Citizen" (2009), "Straight Outta Compton" (2015) and "" (2019). He also directed the eighth movie in the "Fast & Furious" franchise, "The Fate of the Furious" (2017). As of 2020, it is the 18th highest-grossing movie of all time.

Gray started his career directing music videos. Notable music videos directed by Gray include "It Was a Good Day" by Ice Cube, "Natural Born Killaz" by Dr. Dre and Ice Cube, "Keep Their Heads Ringin'" by Dr. Dre, "Waterfalls" by TLC and "Ms. Jackson" by Outkast.

Gray was born in New York City. He grew up mostly in South Los Angeles, California.

Kennel club

A kennel club is usually a gathering of dog breeders, discussing things relevant for breeding of dogs. They became popular in the mid 1800s. They keep up breed standards (what they think the breed should be similar to) and make the rules for dog shows, and occasionally training programs (where the dog is trained to do a certain thing).

Examples of kennel clubs include the American Kennel Club (or AKC), the Australian National Kennel Council, Canadian Kennel Club, (CKC), and The Kennel Club (United Kingdom).

There are a large selection of types of kennel clubs. They can be "all-breed clubs", (where there are a list of dogs they have decided to recognize), or a breed club which simply handles one breed.

Sometimes, a kennel club is only concerned with one race of dogs.

Latin American literature

Latin American literature refers to the poetry, novels, essays, and drama written by people born in Latin America. The authors usually write in Spanish or Portuguese. However, some also write in indigenous languages. 

The most famous kind of Latin American Literature is called the "Latin American Boom". Popular themes in boom novels and poetry are: solitude, nostalgia, poverty, ancestors, folklore, memory, and war.The writing blends fantasy, magic, and journalistic stories. This mixture of reality and fantasy is called magic realism. In the 1960s and 1970s, many Latin American authors published short stories, essays, novels, and poems. Their works were translated into different languages. Six authors from this region won the Nobel Prize in Literature. One of the most famous writers in Jorge Luis Borges. He wrote philosophical fiction. Julio Cortázar wrote a tender novel called Hopscotch (1963). Gabriel García Márquez's 100 Years of Solitude is a classic novel (1966). Other major novelists are Lezama Lima, Mario Vargas Llosa, and Carlos Fuentes. Miguel Ángel Asturias (from Guatemala) was awarded the Nobel prize for literature in 1967.

Latin American poetry is famous around the world. They write lyric poems on love, romance, magic, spirits, and solitude. They also write political poems about revolution, independence, and humanity. 

Gabriela Mistral and Pablo Neruda won the Nobel Prize in Literature. Both are poets from Chile.

Famous lyric poets include Rubén Darío, Cesar Vallejo Vallejo (Peru), Pablo Neruda (Chile), and Ernesto Cardenal (Nicaragua). 

The prose poem is popular in Latin America. Jorge Luis Borges ("Everything and Nothing"), Pablo Neruda ("Passions and Impressions)", Octavio Paz ("Aguila o Sol?/"Eagle or Sun?), Alejandra Pizarnik ("Sex/Night"), and Giannina Braschi (Empire of Dreams) wrote prose poems.

Solitude is a popular theme in Latin American novels and poetry. Love and liberty are also popular themes. The first famous Latin American woman writer was Sor Juana Inés de la Cruz. She was a nun who lived in the 17th century. She wrote spiritual poems and religious essays. Gabriela Mistral was the first Latin American to win the Nobel Prize in Literature. She wrote about children, teachers, family, and romance. Argentine poet Alejandra Pizarnik wore prose poems about solitude, madness, and death. Delmira Agustini’s wrote about Greek ideas like Eros (the Greek God of love). Julia de Burgos wrote about Puerto Rico, nature, and independence. Giannina Braschi writes epic poetry about solitude, immigration, revolution, and freedom. Many women in Latin America gave spoken testimonials about their lives, such as Rigoberta Menchú. Isabel Allende ("House of the Spirits") and Laura Esquivel ("Like Water for Chocolate") wrote fantasy novels that became popular movies.


Ed Benguiat

Ed Benguiat (; born Ephram Edward Benguiat, October 27, 1927 – October 15, 2020) was an American typographer and lettering artist. He created over 600 typeface designs including Tiffany, Bookman, Panache, Souvenir, Edwardian Script, and the eponymous Benguiat and Benguiat Gothic. He was born in New York City.

Benguiat died on October 15, 2020 at his home in Cliffside Park, New Jersey at the age of 92.

Sonja Edström

Sonja Viola Edström-Ruthström ("Edström" before 1960, 18 November 1930 – 15 October 2020>) was a Swedish cross-country skier. She competed at the 1952, 1956 and 1960 Olympics in the 10 km and 3 × 5 km relay events. She won bronze medals in both in 1956 and a gold medal in 1960. She was born in Luleå, Sweden.

Edström died on 15 October 2020 at the age of 89.

Alfons Verplaetse

Alfons "Fons" Remi Emiel Viscount Verplaetse (19 February 1930 – 15 October 2020) was a Belgian economist. He was Governor of the National Bank of Belgium (NBB) from 1989 until 1999. He was one of the main people that helped the creation Belgian Frank in 1982. He worked at the cabinet of Wilfried Martens. Verplaetse was born in Zulte, Belgium.

Verplaetse died of COVID-19 on 15 October 2020 in Brussels, aged 90.

Steve Adubato Sr.

Stephen N. Adubato Sr. (December 24, 1932 – October 13, 2020) was an American politician and teacher. He was born in Newark, New Jersey.

In 1962, Adubato ran for office as a Democratic District Leader in Newark's North Ward, to which he was elected. In 1968 he was elected as North Ward Democratic party chairman.

He was one the executive board of the Newark Teachers' Union and worked as their legislative representative.

Adubato Sr. died on October 13, 2020 in Newark at the age of 87.

László Branikovits

László Branikovits (18 December 1949 – 16 October 2020) was a Hungarian footballer. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born in Budapest. He played for the national football team during the Olympics.

Branikovits died on 16 October 2020 at the age of 70.

Itzhak Ilan

Itzhak Ilan or Yitzhak Ilan ( July 28, 1956 – October 16, 2020) was a Georgian-born Israeli security official. He worked for the Israel Security Agency. From 2010 to 2011, he was Deputy Director of the Shin Bet. Ilan was born in Surami, Georgia.

Ilan died of COVID-19 on October 16, 2020 in Tel Aviv at the age of 64.

Markar Esayan

Markar Esayan (4 February 1969 – 16 October 2020) was a Turkish author, journalist, and politician. He was a member of the Turkish Parliament for the Justice and Development Party representing Istanbul from 2015 until his death. He was born in Istanbul.

Esayan died on 16 October 2020 in Istanbul from stomach cancer at the age of 51.

The War with Grandpa

The War with Grandpa is a 2020 American family comedy movie directed by Tim Hill, from a screenplay by Tom J. Astle and Matt Ember. It is based on a book of the same name by Robert Kimmel Smith.

It stars Robert De Niro, Uma Thurman, Rob Riggle, Oakes Fegley, Laura Marano, Cheech Marin, Jane Seymour, and Christopher Walken.

The movie is about a young boy who works to get his grandfather to move out of his room after he moves in with his family.

The movie was released in the United States on October 9, 2020 by 101 Studios. It received generally negative reviews from critics.

Rob Riggle

Robert Allen "Rob" Riggle (born April 21, 1970) is an American actor, comedian and former United States Marine Officer. 

He is perhaps best known for his work as a correspondent on Comedy Central's "The Daily Show" from 2006 to 2008, as a cast member on "Saturday Night Live" from 2004 to 2005, and for his roles in movies such as "The Hangover", "The Other Guys", "Let's Be Cops", "Dumb & Dumber To", "21 Jump Street", "22 Jump Street", "", and "Step Brothers". 

He was born in Louisville, Kentucky. His family moved to Overland Park, Kansas, when he was two.

Richard C. Blum

Richard Charles Blum (July 31, 1935 – February 27, 2022) was an American investor. He was the husband of United States Senator Dianne Feinstein. He was the chairman and president of Blum Capital, an equity investment management firm.

Blum was on the boards of directors of many companies. He worked for CB Richard Ellis, until May 2009. He was the chairman of that board. He was a regent of the University of California from 2002 until his death.

Blum died on February 27, 2022 in San Francisco, California from lung cancer, aged 86.

Emily Alyn Lind

Emily Alyn Lind (born 2001/2002) is an American actress. She began her career as a child actress. She was known for her recurring role as young Amanda Clarke on the ABC series "Revenge", and for her role as Ariel on the CBS medical drama "Code Black".

Hana Mae Lee

Hana Mae Lee (born September 28, 1988) is an American actress, model, comedian, and fashion designer. She is best known for playing the role of Lilly Onakuramara in the musical comedy "Pitch Perfect" movie series (2012–2017) and the role of Sonya in the horror comedy movie "The Babysitter" (2017) and .

Lee also owns the fashion line Hanamahn.

Ken Marino

Kenneth Joseph Marino (born December 19, 1968) is an American actor, comedian, director, and screenwriter. He was a cast member on MTV's "The State" and has starred in shows such as "Party Down", "Marry Me", "Burning Love", and "Childrens Hospital".

Reichsbürger movement

There are several groups of people who think that the modern German state is not legitimate. These movements are generally known as the Reichsbürger (English: "Reich" citizen) movement. A single person with such views is called a Reichsbürger. They argue that the the modern German state is not legitimate and its laws do not apply to them. Very often, these groups are very small. They often have several properties of a religious cult or sect. The ideas these groups propagate are often against democracy, and instead want a monarchy or another state with a strong leader. Very often, they also think that the history they were taught in school did not happen that way. From their ideas, these groups are usually far-right on the political spectrum. Their views are often anti-Semitic (anti-Jewish) and some are Holocaust deniers. 

"Reichsbürger" say that the German Reich still exists in some form (in reality, it ceased to exist with the end of World War I or World War II at the latest). According to these groups, there is some secret government which holds most of the powers. The respective group is usually part of that government. These movements first arose in the 1980s. Since about 2013, they are more active. They usually have some militant groups that do not fear to use violence. In 2020, there were over 19,000 people with sympathies for these movements. At least 950 people are militant right-wing activists. There are estimates from 2018, that between 2015 and mid-2017, at least 10,500 crimes were committed by people who identify as "Reichsbürger".


King Bach

Andrew B. Bachelor (born June 26, 1988), better known as King Bach, is a Canadian-American internet personality, actor, and comedian. He was the most followed user on the video sharing service Vine with 11.3 million followers.

The Babysitter: Killer Queen

The Babysitter: Killer Queen is a 2020 American comedy horror movie, directed and produced by McG, from a screenplay by McG, Dan Lagana, Brad Morris and Jimmy Warden.

It is a sequel to the 2017 movie "The Babysitter" and stars Judah Lewis, Emily Alyn Lind, Jenna Ortega, Robbie Amell, Andrew Bachelor, Leslie Bibb, Hana Mae Lee, Bella Thorne, Samara Weaving, and Ken Marino.

The movie was released on September 10, 2020, on Netflix. It received generally negative reviews from critics.


The Babysitter (2017 movie)

The Babysitter is a 2017 American teen comedy horror movie directed by McG and written by Brian Duffield. It stars Samara Weaving, Judah Lewis, Hana Mae Lee, Robbie Amell and Bella Thorne.

The movie was released by Netflix on October 13, 2017, and received mostly positive reviews from critics. A sequel, "", was released on September 10, 2020.


Judah Lewis

Judah Lewis (born ) is an American actor. He is known for his main roles in the movies "The Babysitter", its sequel "", and "Demolition".

Visual Basic for Applications

Visual Basic for Applications is a scripting language, that is used in the Microsoft Office tool suite. Its syntax is based on Visual Basic. 


Peter Sarsgaard

John Peter Sarsgaard (; born March 7, 1971) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in "The Man in the Iron Mask" (1998), "Boys Don't Cry" (1999), "The Center of the World", "Empire" (2002), "" (2002), "Green Lantern" (2011), "Lovelace" (2013), Kelly Reichardt's "Night Moves" (2013), "Blue Jasmine" (2013), "Black Mass" (2015), and "The Magnificent Seven" (2016). He played District Attorney Colson in "The Batman" (2022).

The Best of Nudimension

The Best of Nudimension is a greatest hits album that contains most songs by 1980s French Canadian synthpop group Nudimension that were recorded between 1981 and 1989. All songs on the album are in French or English. Nudimension stopped recording in about 1991. The album is a remaster and re-release that was released by Musi-Video Records (Canada) in July 2009, and produced by Marc Fontaine, who was a member of the band.




Babajide Sanwo-Olu

Babajide Olusola Sanwo-Olu (born June 25, 1965) is a Nigerian Politician and the current Governor of Lagos State.

Governor of Lagos State

The Lagos State Governor is the head of Lagos State Government.

The governor leads the executive branch of the Lagos State Government.
This position places its holder in leadership of the state with command authority over the state affairs. The Governor is often described to be the number one citizen of the state.

Article II of the Constitution of Nigeria vests the executive power of the state in the governor and charges him with the execution of state law. The governor is also responsible for appointing state executive, diplomatic, regulatory, and judicial officers subject to the approval of the Assembly members.

The Tremeloes

The Tremeloes are an English beat group founded in 1958 in Dagenham, Essex. 

They became popular in the British Invasion era with lead singer Brian Poole. They had a UK hit record in 1964 with "Do You Love Me". 

When Poole's left in 1966, the band became popular as a four-piece with 13 Top 40 hits on the UK Singles Chart between 1967 and 1971 including "Here Comes My Baby", "Even the Bad Times Are Good", "(Call Me) Number One", "Me and My Life" and their most successful single "Silence Is Golden".

Kottonmouth Kings

Kottonmouth Kings is an American hip hop band. It was formed in Placentia, Orange County, California in 1996.

The band is known for their activism in favor of legalizing cannabis, and often performing lyrics about smoking marijuana. 

The band is made-up of D-Loc and Johnny Richter, the band plays hip hop, punk and rap rock songs that sometimes incorporate elements of other genres, including psychedelic rock, reggae, dubstep, bluegrass and jam band.

Placentia, California

Placentia () is a city in northern Orange County, California. The population was 51,824 during the 2020 census.

Menelaos Chadzigeorgiou

Menelaos Chatzigeorgiou (30 November 1924 – 12 October 2020) was a Greek politician and athlete. He was a member of the European People's Party. He was born in Thessaloniki, Greece. Between 1990 to 1994, he was a member of the European Parliament. As an athlete, he played for the Aris Thessaloniki.

Chadzigeorgiou died on 12 October 2020 in Athens at the age of 95.

Guillermo Soberón Acevedo

Guillermo Soberón Acevedo (29 December 1925 – 12 October 2020) was a Mexican politician, chemist, physician and educator. He was born in Iguala, Guerrero. Between 1973 to 1981, he was rector of the National Autonomous University of Mexico. From 1982 to 1988, he was Secretary of Health during the Miguel de la Madrid presidency.

Soberón Acevedo died on 12 October 2020 in Mexico City at the age of 94.

John N. Mitchell

John Newton Mitchell (September 5, 1913 – November 9, 1988) was an American politician and lawyer. He was the 67th Attorney General of the United States (1969–1972) under President Richard Nixon and a convicted criminal.

He was chairman of Nixon's 1968 presidential campaign, and one of Nixon's closest personal friends.

He was chairman of Nixon's 1972 presidential campaign. He committed many crimes during the Watergate affair. Mitchell was sentenced to prison in 1977 and served 19 months, during which time he was known as Inmate No. 24171-157. 

Mitchell died of a heart attack on November 9, 1988 in Washington, D.C. at the age of 75.

Richard Kleindienst

Richard Gordon Kleindienst /kline-DEENST/ (August 5, 1923 – February 3, 2000) was an American lawyer and politician. He was the United States Attorney General during the Watergate political scandal between 1972 to 1973.

Winslow, Arizona

Winslow () is a city in Navajo County, Arizona, in the United States. According to the 2020 census, the population of the city is 9,005.

My Bodyguard

My Bodyguard is a 1980 American family comedy movie directed by first time director Tony Bill and starring Adam Baldwin, Joan Cusack, Jennifer Beals, Matt Dillon, Martin Mull, Ruth Gordon, Chris Makepeace, George Wendt. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Patriarchy

Patriarchy is a social organization where the father or oldest male heads a family or social group. Descent and relationships are decided through the male line.

Obsession (Nudimension song)

"Obsession" is a song. It is the second single by the French Canadian synthpop group Nudimension.
The song is in French (except for one refrain in English from Anne-Marie Cyr). It was recorded at Fountain Studios in Montreal, Quebec, Canada. It was released by Saison Records (Canada) in May 1984. Like most of Nudimension's singles, Anne-Marie Cyr sang in it. The single achieved moderate success in French-speaking regions of Canada, charting in the top 20 francophone Québécoise charts, and in Europe.

After the single charted, an English-language version (named "Rendez-Vous") was recorded. It was not released as a single, but it is on the band's greatest hits album "The Best of Nudimension".



The Archangel

The Archangel () is a 1969 Italian comedy movie directed by Giorgio Capitani and starring Vittorio Gassman, Pamela Tiffin, Irina Demick, Adolfo Celi, Lauren Antonelli, Carlo Delle Piane, Tom Felleghy, Carlo Pisacane. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Gingerbread Man (movie)

The Gingerbread Man is a 1998 American legal thriller movie directed by Robert Altman and was based on the discarded script by John Grisham. It stars Kenneth Branagh, Embeth Davidtz, Robert Downey Jr., Tom Berenger, Robert Duvall, Daryl Hannah, Famke Janssen and was distributed by PolyGram Filmed Entertainment.


Prince George of Denmark

Prince George of Denmark and Norway, Duke of Cumberland (2 April 165328 October 1708), was the husband of Anne, Queen of Great Britain.

George was born in Copenhagen Castle. His father was Frederick III, King of Denmark and Norway. His mother was Sophie Amalie of Brunswick-Lüneburg.

In 1674, George was a candidate to be elected King of Poland. King Louis XIV of France wanted him to be elected. George was a Lutheran, but Poland was Roman Catholic, so John Sobieski was chosen instead.

Because George was Protestant, people thought he would be a good husband for Anne, Queen of Great Britain. She was just Lady Anne at the time. George and Anne were married on 28 July 1683. The wedding was in the Chapel Royal at St James's Palace, London. The guests included King Charles II, Queen Catherine, and the Duke and Duchess of York.

When King William III died in 1702, Anne became queen.

George died on 28 October 1708. Anne lived until 1714.



The royal coat of arms of Denmark with a label of three points Argent, each with three Ermine points. The whole surmounted by a crown of a prince of Denmark. His crest was "out of a coronet Or, a demi-lion rampant guardant Azure, crowned of the first".

Queen Anne became pregnant seventeen times. Many of the pregnancies ended in stillbirth or miscarriage. None of the children lived past childhood.


Khichu

Khichu or Khichiyu is a dough for making papad. People also eat it as a snack. It is made from rice flour, but, other flours are sometimes used. The snack is ready by cooking flour in water like porridge with cumin seeds and an alkaline salt called Papad Khar (An alkaline salt with major components as sodium carbonate and sodium bicarbonate) and then steaming the lump. It is often served with oil and chilli powder.

The Opposite Sex and How to Live with Them

The Opposite Sex and How to Live with Them is a 1993 American comedy movie directed by Matthew Meshekoff. It stars Courteney Cox, Arye Gross, Kevin Pollak, Connie Sawyer, Susan Cookson, Julie Brown, Steven Brill, Amanda Foreman, Kimberlin Brown, Lisa Waltz and was distributed by Miramax Films.

Merseyside derby

The Merseyside derby is a football rivalry between two clubs in Liverpool, England – Everton F.C. and Liverpool F.C. It is named after Merseyside, which is where Liverpool is. It has been played every season since the 1962–63 season. The two club's stadiums are very near to each other, with Anfield (Liverpool F.C.) and Goodison Park (Everton F.C.) being away from each other on each side of Stanley Park. 

"Statistics are correct as of 21 June 2020."

Reema Harrysingh-Carmona

Reema Harrysingh-Carmona (born November 22, 1970 in Hoboken, New Jersey, United States) is an economist from Trinidad and Tobago, who was the First Lady of Trinidad and Tobago from 2013 until 2018.


Wolf apple

The Wolf apple is a plant from the nightshade family that occurs in Brazillian savanna. The plant itself is called "lobeira" or "fruta-do-lobo" in Portguese. The fruit is called wolf apple because it accounts for more than half of the Maned wolf's diet.

Suryavamsam (TV series)

Suryavamsam () () is an 2020 Indian Tamil-language family drama which currently airing on Zee Tamil and it stars Nikitha Rajesh and Aashish Chakravarthi with Poornima Bhagyaraj in the lead roles. While Anitha Venkat, Caroline, Birla Bose, Gajesh, Ramachandran plays supporting roles.

This series started from 27 September 2020 on Monday to Saturday at 7:00PM (IST) time slot. The story is mainly about the relationship among Family.

Kalyani's (Sandhana) family disowns her after she gets married to a foreigner without their approval. Years later, Kalyani falls sick, so her daughter Samantha "Sam" (Nikitha Rajesh) decides to reunite the family.




This series story was taken from Zee Telugu serial "America Ammayi".

The series was released on 21 September 2020 on Zee Tamil and Zee Tamil HD. The show was also broadcast internationally on the network's international channels.


Gemert-Bakel

Gemert-Bakel is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 30,447 people lived there.

Tallaght

Tallaght () is a town located in South Dublin in Ireland.

Tallaght was founded as a monastery by St. Maelruain in 769 AD, It was devastated by the Vikings in 811 AD.

In the 1960s, Tallaght developed from a small village to a large town in South Dublin, and in 1994, South Dublin County Council (SDCC) was formed with a headquarters in Belgard, Tallaght.

"Greater Tallaght" comprises Tallaght village and a range of areas that were formerly small settlements (Jobstown, Old Bawn, Kilnamanagh) and rural townlands, all developed in recent decades.

The main village of Tallaght lies west of the Tallaght Bypass (N81). It stretches from Main Road and Main Street to the Abberley Court Hotel at the end of High Street and encompasses the Village Green shopping plaza, Tallaght Courthouse, Westpark, and many shops, restaurants and banks. It also houses Tallaght Youth Service, Tallaght's first newspaper printing house the Tallaght Echo, and (formally) Tallaght Community Arts Centre. The area's Institute of Technology, Saint Mary's Priory, and Saint Maelruain's Church are located in the historic quarter of Tallaght village.

The newer "town centre" lies immediately to the south across the Belgard Road, encompassing Belgard Square, the main shopping complex (known as The Square Tallaght), the Luas Red Line terminus, Tallaght Hospital (including the National Children's Hospital), County Hall, the Civic Theatre, South Dublin County Library, Rua Red Arts Centre, the Cookstown Area near Maplewood and Springfield, and several bars, restaurants and hotels.

To the northeast of the village lies the Tymon North / Balrothery area, which comprised rural townlands until the 1970s. This district includes estates such as Bancroft, Balrothery, Glenview, Castle Park, Saint Aongus, Tymon, Bolbrook and Avonbeg. These parts are home to several sporting facilities, including the National Basketball Arena, a fitness centre, two swimming pools, an athletics track, and an astroturf football facility. Tymon Park is watered by the River Poddle and is Ireland's second-largest city park. It borders Greenhills and Templeogue, and it contains extensive sporting grounds, ponds, Coláiste De Hide and one of Ireland's largest playgrounds at the Tymon North entrance.

Old Bawn is immediately south of the village, bordered by Sean Walsh Memorial (also locally called Watergate) Park. To the east of Old Bawn, estates include Home Lawns, Mountain Park, Millbrook Lawns and Seskin View. To the south and southwest of the village lie Kiltipper, Aylesbury, and Killinarden (the latter comprising the residential areas of Deerpark, Cushlawn and Elder Heath). Beyond these are rural lands, running towards the Dublin Mountains.

In the northwest is Belgard Green, with Belgard Heights and Kingswood (built 1974) to the north, Kingswood is also sometimes considered as Clondalkin as it half holds a Dublin 22 postcode. Half of Kingswood is served by Clondalkin Garda Station. Kingswood and Belgard Heights are adjacent to Clondalkin, while Kilnamanagh is situated beside Greenhills and south-west of Walkinstown and Crumlin. Tallaght Theatre is situated along Greenhills Road.

In the near north located is Fettercairn, thought by some to be in Jobstown, but not. Fettercairn is its own district of Tallaght. The Fettercairn Community Centre is there and the Belgard Quarry is nearby, Fettercairn lays out onto the new Katharine Tynan Road, named after the poet Katharine Tynan, it was finished in 2012.

West of Central Tallaght is Springfield, which contains estates such as Maplewood, Alderwood, Virginia Heights, and part of Cookstown through the Maplewood Road. It also has a shopping centre, Fortunestown Shopping Centre, with Jordan's SuperValu and the Credit Union.

More west of the town centre is the former village of Jobstown, now a town with dense housing estates, and also some housing estates like Kiltalown, Brookfield, Bawnlea and Kilclare.

As of the 2016 census, Tallaght's population is understood to stand at 76,119.

There is a LUAS light rail tram service next to The Square Shopping Centre and many Dublin Bus routes (27, 49, 54a, 56a, 65, 65b, 77a)

Go-Ahead Ireland also operates in Tallaght with Routes 75, 75a, 76, 76a and 175 going through the area.

Mornay sauce

Mornay sauce is a variation of Béchamel sauce. To make Mornay sauce, butter is added to the Béchamel sauce. Grated cheese, usually Parmesan cheese or Emmental, is also added. Egg yolk is often added as well.

Gilze en Rijen

Gilze en Rijen is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 26,431 people lived there.

On 25 July 2019, the Dutch national heat record was broken here.

Divernon, Illinois

Divernon is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Grave, Netherlands

Grave is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2021, about 12,500 people lived there.

Grave has been a part of Land van Cuijk since 2022.

Haaren, North Brabant

Haaren is a village and former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 14,195 people lived there. Since 2021, it is part of four municipalities: Boxtel, Oisterwijk, Tilburg, and Vught. The village of Haaren itself is part of the municipality of Oisterwijk.

Hercules, California

Hercules is a city in Contra Costa County, California.

Hilvarenbeek

Hilvarenbeek is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 15,334 people lived there.

List of governors of Oyo State

This is a list of administrators and governors of Oyo State, Nigeria. Oyo State was formed on 1976-02-03 when Western State splits into Ogun, Ondo, and Oyo states.

Litoria biakensis

Litoria biakensis is a frog from an island near Indonesia. It lives on Biak Island.

The adult frog is 2.7 to 3.3 cm long from nose to rear end. It is dark green or brown on the back with yellow stripes. The male frogs have orange throats. Scientists saw this frog in swamps that had many plants that were hard to walk through but no large trees.

Mabel Ping-Hua Lee

Mabel Ping-Hua Lee (1896 –1966) was a Chinese-American woman. She worked hard for women to get the right to vote in the United States. She was a member of the Women's Political Equality League, She worked as the minister of the Chinese Baptist Mission". Lee was the head of the First Chinese Baptist Church in New York's Chinatown for more than 40 years. Lee was born in China and lived in New York for most of her life. She studied at Barnard College and Columbia University. Lee earned a PhD in Economics from Columbia University in 1921, becoming the first Chinese woman in the United States to earn a PhD in Economics.


Max Osceola Jr.

Max Osceola Jr. (August 13, 1950 – October 8, 2020) was a leader of the Native American Seminole Tribe of Florida. Osceola was an elected representative on the Seminole Tribal Council from 1985 through 2010. The South Florida Sun-Sentinel called Mr. Osceola “one of the tribe’s longest-serving and most powerful politicians.” He died on October 8, 2020 of COVID-19 at the age of 70.

You'll Be in My Heart

"You'll Be in My Heart" is a song by Phil Collins, from the 1999 Disney movie "Tarzan".

The song won Best Original Song at the 2000 Academy Awards.


Cliffside Park, New Jersey

Cliffside Park is a borough in Bergen County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 25,693.

Ryszard Ronczewski

Ryszard Ronczewski (27 June 1930 – 17 October 2020) was a Polish actor. He appeared in more than seventy movies from 1954 until 2013. He was best known for his roles in "The Two Who Stole the Moon", "Colonel Wolodyjowski" and "". Ronczewski was born in present-day Vilnius, Lithuania. 

Ronczewski died on 17 October 2020 from COVID-19 in Sopot, Poland at the age of 90.

I as in Icarus

I as in Icarus () is a 1979 French crime drama movie directed by Henri Verneuil and starring Yves Montand, Michel Etcheverry, Roger Planchon, Pierre Vernier, Georges Staquet, Jean-François Garreaud.


Ana Paula Scheffer

Ana Paula Scheffer (August 18, 1989October 16, 2020) was a Brazilian individual rhythmic gymnast. She represented her nation at international competitions. She competed at world championships, including at the 2009 World Rhythmic Gymnastics Championships.

Scheffer was discovered dead in her home in Toledo, Paraná on October 16, 2020, aged 31.

Yuri Oganessian

Yuri Oganessian ( ; born 14 April 1933) is a Russian nuclear physicist. He is considered a leader on the subject of superheavy elements. The chemical element oganesson (atomic number 118) is named after him. He is one of only two people who was still alive when a chemical element was named after him. The other was Glenn Seaborg, after whom seaborgium is named.


Tapalapa bread

Tapalapa bread is a traditional bread. It mainly is made in Senegal, Gambia and Guinea. It is shaped like a French baguette.

It is served with akara, beans, steamed fish and other Gambian dishes. It is mainly made in local bakeries. It is sold by the Fulas in Gambia.

Body of My Enemy

Body of My Enemy () is a 1976 French crime movie directed by Henri Verneuil and starring Jean-Paul Belmondo, Bernard Blier, Marie-France Pisier, François Perrot, Daniel Ivernel, Claude Brosset, Yvonne Gaudeau, René Lefèvre, Michel Beaune, Nicole Garcia, Élisabeth Margoni.


Hell Bent for Leather (movie)

Hell Bent for Leather is a 1960 American western movie directed by George Sherman and was based on the 1959 novel "Outlaw Marshal" by Ray Hogan. It stars Audie Murphy, Felicia Farr, Stephen McNally, Robert Middleton, Jan Merlin, Herbert Rudley, Malcolm Atterbury, Joseph Ruskin, Allan Lane, John Qualen and was distributed by Universal Pictures.

Rawson

Rawson is the capital city of the Chubut Province in Argentina. In 2010, 24,616 people lived there.

Río Gallegos

Río Gallegos is the capital city of the Santa Cruz Province in Argentina.

San Luis, Argentina

San Luis is the capital city of the San Luis Province in Argentina.

San Salvador de Jujuy

San Salvador de Jujuy is the capital city of the Jujuy Province in Argentina.

Nazca

Nazca is a city in Peru. It is in the Ica Region.

Portoviejo

Portoviejo is a city in Ecuador. It is the capital of the Manabí Province.

Comayagua Department

Comayagua is one of the 18 departments of Honduras. The departmental capital is Comayagua.


Atlántida Department

Atlántida is one of the 18 departments of Honduras. The departmental capital is La Ceiba.


Choluteca Department

Choluteca is one of the 18 departments of Honduras. The departmental capital is Choluteca.


RTÉ News

RTÉ News and Current Affairs is the news service of the Irish public broadcaster, Raidió Teilifís Éireann. It is the largest and most popular news source in Ireland. 77% of the Irish public see it as their main source of both Irish and international news. It broadcasts in English, Irish and Irish Sign Language. The organisation is also a source of commentary on current affairs. The division is based at the RTÉ Television Centre in Donnybrook, Dublin. It also operates regional bureau across Ireland and the world.

Tomfinlough

Tomfinlough is a civil parish in County Clare, in Ireland. There is a ruined parish church at the northern end of a lake, called Finn Lough, or Fenloe. Tomfinlogh is the oldest known settlement in the region of Newmarket-on-Fergus. It contains the village of Ardsallis. The parish contains the following townlands: Ayleacotty, Ballycar, Boheraroan, Caherkine, Caherscooby, Carrowmeer, Carrownakilly, Finlough, Granaghan, Granaghan Beg, Granaghan More, Kilnacrandy, Langough, Mausnarylaan, Mooghaun North, Mooghaun South, Muckanagh (Butler), Muckanagh (Studdert), Muckanagh (Vandeleur), Newmarket, Rathlaheen North, Rathlaheen South and Snugborough.

National University of Ireland, Galway

The National University of Ireland is a university in Galway. It was opened as Queen's College Galway, in 1845. It has become known as University College Galway, since 1908. It is one of the universities (or colleges) that make up National University of Ireland.


Soda fountain

A soda fountain is a machine that produces carbonated soft drinks, known as fountain drinks. It does this by mixing a flavored syrup or a concentrate, with carbon dioxide and purified (usually chilled) water. The process can either be done manually, or it can be automated, by a vending machine. The first soda fountains appeared in the 18th century. They spread during the 19th century and were widely used by the early 20th century.

My Fellow Americans

My Fellow Americans is a 1996 American comedy movie directed by Peter Segal and starring Jack Lemmon, James Garner, Dan Aykroyd, John Heard, Bradley Whitford, Lauren Bacall, Jeff Yagher, Sela Ward, Conchata Ferrell, Esther Rolle. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Heeze-Leende

Heeze-Leende is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 15,964 people lived there.

Helmond

Helmond is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 91,524 people lived there.

Heusden

Heusden is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 44,135 people lived there.

Laarbeek

Laarbeek is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 22,333 people lived there.

Oisterwijk

Oisterwijk is a city and municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2021, about 32,000 people live there.

In 2021, the village of Haaren was added to Oisterwijk.

Landerd

Landerd is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2021, about 15,800 people lived there.

Landerd has been a part of Maashorst since 2022.

Mill en Sint Hubert

Mill en Sint Hubert is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2021, about 11,000 people lived there.

Mill en Sint Hubert has been a part of Land van Cuijk since 2022.

Moerdijk

Moerdijk is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 36,961 people lived there.

Oirschot

Oirschot is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 18,623 people lived there.

Oosterhout

Oosterhout is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 55,616 people lived there.

In the city of Oosterhout there are a few ways to travel around.

There are two highways in Oosterhout.


Connecting west and east you have the road 


Connecting north and south you have the roads



Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988

The Copyright, Designs and Patents Act 1988 (CDPA; c. 48) is an Act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom. It makes copyright law in the United Kingdom, which used to be taken from the Copyright Act 1956. It says that copyright for creative works lasts for 70 years after the author dies (50 years for works made on a computer). A work can only be protected by copyright if it is one of: literary work, dramatic work, musical work, artistic work, movies, sound recordings, broadcasts, and text of published editions.

Reusel-De Mierden

Reusel-De Mierden is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 13,060 people lived there.

Roosendaal

Roosendaal is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 77,032 people lived there.

Rucphen

Rucphen is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 22,572 people lived there.

Sint Anthonis

Sint Anthonis is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2021, about 11,700 people lived there.

Sint Anthonis has been a part of Land van Cuijk since 2022.

Someren

Someren is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 19,322 people lived there.

Son en Breugel

Son en Breugel is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 16,904 people lived there.

Uden

Uden is a former municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2021, about 42,300 people lived there.

Uden has been a part of Maashorst since 2022.

Maasgouw

Maasgouw is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 23,716 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2007 from the former municipalities of Heel, Maasbracht and Thorn.

Gulpen-Wittem

Gulpen-Wittem is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 14,246 people lived there.

Steenbergen

Steenbergen is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 25,054 people lived there.

Timila

Timila, thimila or paani, (Malayalam: തിമില) is an hour-glass shaped drum used in Kerala, South India. Usually, the instrument is made of wood. It is often used with religious ceremonies. Sometimes four different percussion instruments (one of them the Timila), and a trumpet are grouped. Such a group is called "Panchavadyam."

Barbados (disambiguation)

Barbados is an island nation in the eastern Caribbean (formerly spelt "Barbadoes").

Barbados or Barbadoes may also mean:






Bytecode

Bytecode, also termed portable code or p-code, is a form of instruction set designed for efficient execution by a software interpreter. Unlike human-readable source code, bytecodes are compact numeric codes, constants, and references (normally numeric addresses) that encode the result of compiler parsing and performing semantic analysis of things like type, scope, and nesting depths of program objects.
The name bytecode stems from instruction sets that have one-byte opcodes followed by optional parameters. Intermediate representations such as bytecode may be output by programming language implementations to ease interpretation, or it may be used to reduce hardware and operating system dependence by allowing the same code to run cross-platform, on different devices. Bytecode may often be either directly executed on a virtual machine (a p-code machine i.e., interpreter), or it may be further compiled into machine code for better performance.

Since bytecode instructions are processed by software, they may be arbitrarily complex, but are nonetheless often akin to traditional hardware instructions: virtual stack machines are the most common, but virtual register machines have been built also. Different parts may often be stored in separate files, similar to object modules, but dynamically loaded during execution.


A bytecode program may be executed by parsing and "directly" executing the instructions, one at a time. This kind of "bytecode interpreter" is very portable. Some systems, called dynamic translators, or "just-in-time" (JIT) compilers, translate bytecode into machine code as necessary at runtime. This makes the virtual machine hardware-specific but does not lose the portability of the bytecode. For example, Java and Smalltalk code is typically stored in bytecode format, which is typically then JIT compiled to translate the bytecode to machine code before execution. This introduces a delay before a program is run, when the bytecode is compiled to native machine code, but improves execution speed considerably compared to interpreting source code directly, normally by around an order of magnitude (10x).

Because of its performance advantage, today many language implementations execute a program in two phases, first compiling the source code into bytecode, and then passing the bytecode to the virtual machine. There are bytecode based virtual machines of this sort for Java, Raku, Python, PHP, Tcl, mawk and Forth (however, Forth is seldom compiled via bytecodes in this way, and its virtual machine is more generic instead). The implementation of Perl and Ruby 1.8 instead work by walking an abstract syntax tree representation derived from the source code.

More recently, the authors of V8 and Dart have challenged the notion that intermediate bytecode is needed for fast and efficient VM implementation. Both of these language implementations currently do direct JIT compiling from source code to machine code with no bytecode intermediary.

 »> import dis # "dis" - Disassembler of Python byte code into mnemonics.


Palau de les Belles Arts

The Palau de les Belles Arts was a multipurpose building in Barcelona . Demolished in 1942, it was built on the occasion of the universal exhibition of 1888, in the space where the municipal courts are currently in front of the Parc de la Ciutadella, on the corner of "Passeig de Lluís Companys" and "Passeig de Pujades" .

Work of August Font i Carreras, it was destined to artistic exhibitions, concerts and cultural events. The building had a rectangular floor plan and was 91 x 50 meters. The iron structure allowed to cover a great assembly hall. It had exposed side towers, with domes at the corners. On the second floor, there were different rooms, around the large one, with zenithal light, which allowed events and exhibitions to take place.

The building basically consisted of a large hall, the Queen Regent's Hall, with an area of 2,000 square meters, intended for public events.

This building was the first headquarters of the Municipal Museum of Fine Arts of Barcelona, between 1891 and 1915, where the different municipal and later provincial art collections met, a collection that years later became part of the Museum. National Art of Catalonia . During the Universal Exhibition, an exhibition of works of art from municipal collections and other collections from all over Spain was exhibited. Afterwards, exhibitions of fine arts and artistic industries took place ( General Exhibition of Fine Arts of Barcelona ). The periodic holding of these shows necessitated the temporary relocation of funds to other places. In 1917 the Exposition d'Art Français was organized in solidarity with French artists.

In 1921 the works belonging to the Municipal Museums of Arts of Barcelona were incorporated.



Japanese Spitz

The is a small to medium breed of dog, mainly used as a companion dog (although they can be used as a watchdog). Standards (requirements) usually vary across the world for these dogs. Developed in Japan during the 1920s and 30s, they were bred by breeding some Spitz type dog breeds. The breed is recognized by most kennel clubs except the AKC. It is a new breed, however it is growing in popularity due to their good temperament (behaviour). 

These dogs are known for being smart, easy to train, and good with children. They can be protective of their owner(s), hence why they can be good watchdogs. They can bark if people they do not know enter their territory.

Lactic acid fermentation

Lactic acid fermentation is how glucose or other monosaccharide sugars are converted into lactic acid and energy. There may also be other by-products of this fermentation. It also works with other sugars, such as sucrose or lactose. Lactic acid bacteria use fermentation to get energy. Fungi, plants and animals will also use this it, if there is a lack of oxygen. As an example, it occurs in muscle cells. With humans, it occurs if there's too little oxygen in the blood, known as Hypoxemia.

There are different types of lactic acid fermentation:


Lactic acid fermentation is a way to preserve food, and make it last longer. It has been in use at least since the Paleolithic era. Fermentation will reduce the activity of the bacteria that make food go bad; it will also kill some of them. Examples are fermented milk products, such as yoghurt, sauerkraut, kimchi, and tsukemono.

During the 19th century, several of the fundamental concepts of organic chemistry were discovered. Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac was interested in fermentation processes. One of his students was Justus von Liebig. Both independently described the chemical structure of the lactic acid molecule. Both were chemists, they were only interested in the chemical properties, and how to optimize it using chemical catalyzers. The French chemist Louis Pasteur was the first to describe lactic acid as a product of a microbial fermentation, in 1857. At the time he worked at the University of Lille. A local brewery asked him about some problems they had with fermentation. By chance he discovered that in this brewery, two fermentation processes were taking place: One was the lactic acid fermentation he had expected, the other was an alcoholic fermentation. Both were started by microorganisms.

In the 19th century, several chemists discovered some fundamental concepts of the domain of organic chemistry. One of them was the French chemist Joseph Louis Gay-Lussac, who was especially interested in fermentation processes. He also passed this fascination to one of his best students, Justus von Liebig. With a difference of some years, each of them described the chemical structure of the lactic acid molecule as we know it today. Both Gay-Lussac and von Liebig had a purely chemical understanding of the fermentation process: in their view, the process can be optimized with chemical catalyzers; neither of them was interested in seeing it with a microscope. In 1857, the French chemist Louis Pasteur first described lactic acid as the product of a microbial fermentation. During this time, he worked at the university of Lille, where a local distillery asked him for advice concerning some fermentation problems. Per chance and with the badly equipped laboratory he had at that time, he discovered that in this distillery, two fermentations were taking place, a lactic acid one and an alcoholic one, both induced by microorganisms. He then continued the research on these discoveries in Paris, where he also published his theories which contradicted the purely chemical version represented by Liebig and his followers. Even though Pasteur described some concepts that are still accepted today, Liebig refused to accept them. But even Pasteur himself wrote that he was "driven" to a completely new understanding of this chemical phenomenon. Even if Pasteur didn't find every detail of this process, he still discovered the main mechanism of how the microbial lactic acid fermentation works. He was the first to describe fermentation as a "form of life without air."

People had been using microbial lactic acid fermentation to produce food long before Pasteur had described it. Archeological finds show that the fermentation of milk has a long history. Its first uses may have been part of the Neolithic Revolution. Milk contains lactic acid bacteria. Given the right temperature, the fermentation process will happen spontaneously. These first farmers likely had another problem: When people become adults most lose the ability to digest fresh milk. These farmers had an interest to make milk digestible by adults. Lactic acid bacteria contain the enzymes needed to digest lactose. During lactic acid fermentation, the number of lactic acid bacteria increase. So even if fermentation only happens for a short time, the product will contain enough enzymes, which allows the milk to be digested by adults. Even safer was a longer fermentation, which was practiced for cheesemaking. This process was also discovered a very long time ago, which is proven by recipes for cheese production on Cuneiform scripts, the first written documents that exist, and a bit later in Babylonian and Egyptian texts.
What is interesting is the theory of the competitive advantage of fermented milk products. The idea of this theory is that the women of these first settled farmer clans could shorten the time between two children thanks to the additional lactose uptake from milk consumption. This factor may have given them an important advantage to out-compete the hunter-gatherer societies.

Since they consumed more milk products, these societies developed lactase pesistence: The milk-digesting enzyme lactase was present in their body during the whole lifetime: They could also drink unfermented milk as adults. Even today there are regional differences: Estimates are that about 65% of the world polulation still lacks this enzyme. The first societies came from regions in eastern Turkey to central Europe; the gene is more common there, as well as in the United States, which was settled from Europe. In Asian countries, lactose intolerance is much more present.

Milk products and their fermentation have had an important influence on some cultures’ development. This is the case in Mongolia, where people often practice a pastoral form of agriculture. The milk that they produce and consume in these cultures is mainly mare milk and has a long tradition. But not every part or product of the fresh milk has the same meaning. The fattier part on the top, the "deež", is seen as the most valuable part and is therefore often used to honor guests.
Very important with often a traditional meaning as well are fermentation products of mare milk, like for example the slightly-alcoholic yogurt kumis. Consumption of these peaks during cultural festivities such as the Mongolian lunar new year (in spring). The time of this celebration is called the "white month", which indicates that milk products (called "white food" together with starchy vegetables, in comparison to meat products, called "black food") are a central part of this tradition. The purpose of these festivities is to "close" the past year – clean the house or the yurt, honor the animals for having provided their food, and prepare everything for the coming summer season – to be ready to "open" the new year. Consuming white food in this festive context is a way to connect to the past and to a national identity, which is the great Mongolian empire personified by Genghis Khan. During the time of this empire, the fermented mare milk was the drink to honor and thank warriors and leading persons, it was not meant for everybody. Although it eventually became a drink for normal people, it has kept its honorable meaning. Like many other traditions, this one feels the influence of globalization. Other products, like industrial yogurt, coming mainly from China and western countries, have tended to replace it more and more, mainly in urban areas. However, in rural and poorer regions it is still of great importance.

Some major bacterial strains identified as being able to ferment lactose are in the genera "Escherichia, Citrobacter, Enterobacter" and "Klebsiella ." All four of these groups fall underneath the family of "Enterobacteriaceae." These four species are able to be separated from each other by using biochemical testing. To distinguish between the species, simple biological tests are readily available. Apart from whole sequence genomics, common tests include H2S production, motility and citrate use, indol, methyl red and Voges-Proskauer tests.

Lactic acid fermentation is used in many areas of the world to produce foods that cannot be produced through other methods. The most commercially important genus of lactic acid-fermenting bacteria is "Lactobacillus", though other bacteria and even yeast are sometimes used. Two of the most common applications of lactic acid fermentation are in the production of yogurt and sauerkraut.

Lactic acid fermentation is used in the production of sauerkraut. The main type of bacteria used in the production of sauerkraut is of the genus "Leuconostoc".

As in yogurt, when the acidity rises due to lactic acid-fermenting organisms, many other pathogenic microorganisms are killed. The bacteria produce lactic acid, as well as simple alcohols and other hydrocarbons. These may then combine to form esters, contributing to the unique flavor of sauerkraut.

Lactic acid is a component in the production of sour beers, including Lambics and Berliner Weisses.

The main method of producing yogurt is through the lactic acid fermentation of milk with harmless bacteria. Most often, the bacteria used are "Lactobacillus bulgaricus" and "Streptococcus thermophilus", and United States as well as European law requires all yogurts to contain these two cultures (though others may be added as probiotic cultures). These bacteria produce lactic acid in the milk culture, decreasing its pH and causing it to congeal. The bacteria also produce compounds that give yogurt its distinctive flavor. An additional effect of the lowered pH is the incompatibility of the acidic environment with many other types of harmful bacteria.

For a probiotic yogurt, additional types of bacteria such as "Lactobacillus acidophilus" are also added to the culture.

Scouser

Scouser is a denonym for a resident of the city of Liverpool. Sometimes, people in Birkenhead are called "Jedi’s". Most people also have the Scouse accent.

Echt, Netherlands

Echt () is a city in the Dutch province of Limburg. Since 2003, it became a part of the new municipality of Echt-Susteren.

The city has about 19,300 inhabitants.

Onderbanken

Onderbanken is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Beekdaelen.

Nuth

Nuth was a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Beekdaelen.

Valkenswaard

Valkenswaard is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, there were 30,910 people living there. 

Veldhoven

Veldhoven is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 45,337 people lived there.

Waalwijk

Waalwijk is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 48,240 people lived there.

Vught

Vught is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2021, about 31,000 people live there.

Woensdrecht

Woensdrecht is a municipality in the Dutch province of North Brabant. In 2019, 21,866 people lived there.

Echt-Susteren

Echt-Susteren is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 31,738 people lived there.

It was created from the former municipalities of Echt and Susteren on 1 January 2003.

Beekdaelen

Beekdaelen is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 35,771 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2019 from the former cities of Nuth, Onderbanken and Schinnen.

Schinnen

Schinnen was a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. Since 2019, it has been part of the new municipality of Beekdaelen.

Meijel

Meijel was a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. Since 2010, it is part of the new municipality of Peel en Maas.

Donnellson, Illinois

Donnellson is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Krum, Texas

Krum is a city in the U.S. state of Texas.

Ellipsometry

Ellipsometry is a measurement method used by scientists who want to study solid materials or the surface of solids. It works by shining polarized light on a thin slice of a material and then looking to see how the nature of that light is changed when it is reflected by the sample.

Ellipsometry can be used to investigate different thin films of many different materials, of organic or inorganic origin. Inorganic subjects are things such as metals, semiconductors, insulators and also liquid crystals.

The frequency range used covers not just visible light but whole the spectrum from the microwave range, the terahertz range, infrared light, visible light up to the range of ultraviolet light.

Sapporo TV Tower

The Sapporo TV Tower is a television tower that was built in 1957, and is 147.2 meters tall. The tower is in Odori Park. The Sapporo TV Tower is in Sapporo, Japan. Many tourists go to the observation deck on this tower, which is about 90 meters tall.


Mike's New Car

Mike's New Car is a 2002 short movie produced by Pixar Animation Studios and is based on Monsters, Inc..


Todd McFarlane's Spawn

Todd McFarlane's Spawn, also known as Spawn: The Animated Series, is an American noir adult animated television series which aired on HBO from 1997 through 1999. It has also been released on DVD as a movie series. The show is based on the Spawn character from Image Comics, and won an Emmy in 1999 for Outstanding Animation Program (longer than one hour).


"Todd McFarlane's Spawn" was ranked 5th on IGN's list of "The Greatest Comic Book Cartoons of All Time", and 23rd on IGN's list of "Top 25 Primetime Animated Series of All Time".

Series producer Eric Radomski reflected in an interview that ""Spawn TAS" was a personal success for me. Very rarely do artists get the opportunity to have as much uncensored creative freedom as I did at HBO on "Spawn"."

The score and opening theme was made by Shirley Walker, who also composed music for "". While "Batman: The Animated Series" featured traditional orchestra music, the producers of "Todd McFarlane's Spawn" requested that Walker give the series a more organic and subtle electronic soundtrack, with only minimal usage of orchestral sounds.

On July 24, 2007, HBO Video released a 4-disc 10th-anniversary signature collector's edition on DVD with all 18 episodes and multiple bonus features.



Latin American poetry

Latin American poetry is poetry written by poets born in Latin America. 

Lyric poetry is popular in Latin America. Some lines in lyric poems rhyme. Sometimes lyric poems do not rhyme. Rubén Darío, César Vallejo, Ernesto Cardenal, Gabriela Mistral, and Pablo Neruda wrote lyric poems.

Prose poetry is also popular in Latin America. Prose poems are written in sentences and paragraphs. (The lines do not rhyme.) Jorge Luis Borges ("Everything and Nothing"), Pablo Neruda ("Passions and Impressions)", Octavio Paz ("Eagle or Sun?"), Alejandra Pizarnik ("Sex/Nigh"t), and Giannina Braschi ("Empire of Dreams") wrote prose poetry.

Latin American poets also have a strong tradition of epic poetry. National themes, landscapes, and local traditions appear in epic poems. José Hernández wrote the famous epic poem "Martín Fierro" about cowboy culture in Argentina.

In the 17th century, Sor Juana was a nun who lived in Mexico. She wrote spiritual and philosophical poems. 

In the 19th century, the Cuban poet José Martí wrote the famous poem, "Yo soy un hombre sincero" ("I'm a sincere man"). This poem became the lyrics of the popular song "Guantanamera". Rubén Darío was a famous modernist poet. He wrote "Azul" (1888). Cesar Vallejo is one of the most important poets in the Spanish Language. Vallejo wrote "Trilce ("1922). 

In the 20th century, Gabriela Mistral was the first Latin American poet to win the Nobel Prize in Literature. She wrote about children, teachers, family, and romance. Pablo Neruda wrote the epic poem "Canto General". Neruda was the second Latin American poet won the Nobel Prize. Alejandra Pizarnik wore prose poems about childhood, cruelty, and death. Giannina Braschi writes epic poetry about immigration, revolution, and freedom. Ana Castillo writes about the Mexican border, ghosts, and Chicano culture. Roberto Bolaño wrote novels about poets. His famous novels "2666 and Savage Detectives." Bolaño also wrote many poems in free verse and in prose. 

The Colonial period


19th century


20th century



Puss in Boots (Shrek)

Puss in Boots is a main character in the "Shrek" franchise, also being portrayed as the title character and protagonist of the movie "Puss in Boots" (2011). He made his first appearance in the movie "Shrek 2" (2004), soon becoming Shrek's partner and helper (alongside Donkey). In the movie "Shrek the Third" (2007), Puss helps Shrek find the heir to the throne of the Far Far Away Kingdom. The movie "Shrek Forever After" (2010) is primarily set in an alternate universe, where Puss is Princess Fiona's pet and has gained weight after his retirement. In the spin-off and prequel "Puss in Boots", his origins are described. Puss also appears in the Netflix television series centered on him, "The Adventures of Puss in Boots" (2015–2018).

Puss was inspired by the title character of the fairy tale "Puss in Boots". His design, created by Tom Hester, was based on real cats. Several characters were used as inspirations for Puss's characterization, such as Zorro and Indiana Jones. The idea of Puss as the protagonist of a film was explored after his debut appearance. Antonio Banderas voices Puss in the English, Spanish, and Italian dubs of the "Shrek" franchise. While he initially tried a high-pitched voice for the character, he and the "Shrek 2" filmmakers decided on a tone that was deeper than his normal voice. Banderas said that voicing Puss was an important part of his career. Eric Bauza provides Puss's voice in "The Adventures of Puss in Boots".

The character is well liked, with critics praising his depiction and considering him a source of comic relief. Reviewers have regarded Puss as a popular "Shrek" character. Banderas's voice acting has also been praised. Merchandise inspired by the character has been produced.

Puss in Boots is inspired by the title character of the fairy tale with the same name.

Antonio Banderas voiced Puss in the "Shrek" franchise. Banderas said that his initial motivation to voice Puss was that he enjoyed the movie "Shrek" (2001). According to the actor, he was chosen for the role of Puss because of his Spanish accent.

Critical reception of Puss has been well liked, with reviewers praising him in the movies and describing him as "cute", "suave", "lovable", "charismatic", "feisty", "engaging", "legendary", "an instant charmer", "a natural-born star", "a notorious adventurer", the "suavest of swashbuckling cats", and "the world's greatest feline swordfighter". He was also regarded as "smooth-talking", "heroic", "honorable", self-confident, "passionate", loyal, with "humble" origins. "Collider"s Christina Radish described Puss as "charming and unforgettable", adding that he "was a cat destined for great things". Radish said that Puss getting his own movie was no surprise, commenting that the character has a "tremendous heart", and is a "much-loved fighter". "Fantasy Magazine"s Andrew Penn Romine called Puss "equal parts rogue and hero", but Stephen Holden of "The New York Times" described the character as "this vain, spoiled, swashbuckler". According to Holden, Puss is not "as clear-cut a personality [in "Puss in Boots"] as he was" in the "Shrek" movies. "IndieLondon"s Rob Carnevale called him a "cheeky feline swashbuckler" and "Puss in Boots"s "enigmatic central character". Todd McCarthy of "The Hollywood Reporter" described Puss as a "dashing little kitty centerstage", "ever-bold", and "a self-deprecating, sometimes bumbling but ultimately dashing swordsman". McCarthy enjoyed Puss's "vigorous physicality" in "Puss in Boots". Neil Genzlinger of "The New York Times" called Puss "endearing", "dashing and fearless but also a tad reckless". Chrissy Iley of "The Telegraph" described him as "the world's most seductive animated cat". "IGN"s Andy Patrizio enjoyed Puss in "Shrek 2", and Scott Collura of the same website said that Puss "remains dignified and cool" in "Shrek Forever After" despite his weight gain. The character has been regarded as a source of comic relief.

Bienville, Louisiana

Bienville is a village in Bienville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Sub-Zero (Mortal Kombat)

Sub-Zero is a fictional character in the "Mortal Kombat" games for video game consoles. He has appeared as a guest fighter in "Injustice 2" alongside Raiden, Hellboy and the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

He was portrayed in games by Steve Blum and Jim Lee.

Van Helsing: The London Assignment

Van Helsing: The London Assignment is a 2004 animated short movie that is a prequel to "Van Helsing". It has Hugh Jackman and Robbie Coltrane returning from their roles of the 2004 feature-length movie.


Hellboy

Hellboy is a fictional superhero created by writer-artist Mike Mignola. The character first appeared in "San Diego Comic-Con Comics" #2 (August 1993), and has since appeared in various eponymous miniseries, one-shots and intercompany crossovers. The character has been adapted into three live-action feature movies. Two starring Ron Perlman in 2004 and in the title role, and one in 2019 which starred David Harbour, as well as two straight-to-DVD animated movies, and three video games – "", "", and as a playable character in "Injustice 2".

A well-meaning half-Demon (or Cambion) whose true name is Anung Un Rama ("and upon his brow is set a crown of flame"), Hellboy was summoned from Hell to Earth as a baby by Nazi occultists (spawning his hatred for the Third Reich). He was discovered on a fictional Outer Hebrides Island by the Allied Forces; amongst them, Professor Trevor Bruttenholm, who formed the United States Bureau for Paranormal Research and Defense (B.P.R.D.). In time, Hellboy grew to be a large, red-skinned adult with a tail, horns (which he files off, leaving behind circular stumps on his forehead), cloven hooves for feet, and an oversized right hand made of stone (the "Right Hand of Doom"). He has been described as smelling of dry-roasted peanuts.

Hellboy works for the B.P.R.D., an international non-governmental agency, and for himself against dark forces including Nazis and witches, in a series of tales that have their roots in folklore, pulp magazines, vintage adventure, Lovecraftian horror and horror fiction. In earlier stories, he is identified as the "World's Greatest Paranormal Investigator".

In 2011, Hellboy was ranked 25th of the Top 100 Comic Book Heroes by IGN.

Litoria humboldtorum

Litoria humboldtorum is a frog from Indonesia. It lives near the Foya Mountains. Scientists saw it between 500 and 1050 meters above sea level.

Tridevi

Tridevi refers to three supreme goddesses, wifes of tridev - "Lakshmi" (wife of Visnhu), "Saraswati" (wife of Brahma), "Parvati/ Kali" (wife of Shiva).

Saraswati is the goddess of learning and arts, cultural fulfillment. She is the cosmic intelligence, cosmic consciousness, and cosmic knowledge.

Lakshmi is the goddess of wealth and fertility, material fulfillment. However, she does not signify mere material wealth like gold, cattle, etc. All kinds of prosperity, glory, magnificence, joy, exaltation, or greatness come under Lakshmi.

Parvati/ Mahakali the goddess of power and love, spiritual fulfillment. She also depicts the transformational power of divinity, the power that dissolves multiplicity in unity.

Ethanol fermentation

Ethanol fermentation is a fermentation process that converts sugar into cellular energy, producing ethanol, and carbon dioxide. Because ethanol is an alcohol, it is also known as alcoholic fermentation. Yeast will do this without using oxygen, the process is anaerobic. It also happens in some kind of fish, where it produces energy, when there is little oxygen. 

Ethanol fermentation has many uses, including the production of alcoholic drinks (such as beer or wine), the production of ethanol fuel, and the cooking of bread.

Flames of Passion

Flames of Passion is a 1922 British drama movie directed by Graham Cutts and starring Mae Marsh, C. Aubrey Smith, Hilda Bayley, Herbert Langley, Allan Aynesworth, Eva Moore, George K. Arthur. It is a lost movie.

Hyperbolic functions

In mathematics, hyperbolic functions are analogues of the ordinary trigonometric functions, but defined for the unit hyperbola rather than on the unit circle: just as the points form a circle with a unit radius, the points form the right half of the hyperbola.

Hyperbolic functions occur in the calculations of angles and distances in hyperbolic geometry. They also occur in the solutions of many linear differential equations, cubic equations, and Laplace's equation in Cartesian coordinates. Laplace's equations are important in many areas of physics.

The basic hyperbolic functions are:
from which are derived:
corresponding to the derived trigonometric functions.

The inverse hyperbolic functions are:

The hyperbolic functions take a real argument called a hyperbolic angle. The size of a hyperbolic angle is twice the area of its hyperbolic sector. The hyperbolic functions may be defined in terms of the legs of a right triangle covering this sector.

Hyperbolic functions were introduced in the 1760s independently by Vincenzo Riccati and Johann Heinrich Lambert.

There are various equivalent ways to define the hyperbolic functions.

In terms of the exponential function:


The hyperbolic functions satisfy many identities, all of them similar in form to the trigonometric identities. 

Odd and even functions:

Hence:

Thus, and are even functions; the others are odd functions.

Hyperbolic sine and cosine satisfy: 

the last of which is similar to the Pythagorean trigonometric identity.

One also has

for the other functions.

The hyperbolic functions represent an expansion of trigonometry beyond the functions defined on unit circle. Both types depend on one argument, either circular angle or hyperbolic angle.

Since the area of a circular sector with radius "r" and angle "u" (in radians) is "r""u"/2, it will be equal to "u" when "r" = . In the diagram, such a circle is tangent to the hyperbola "xy" = 1 at (1,1). The yellow sector depicts an area and angle magnitude. Similarly, the yellow and red sectors together depict an area and hyperbolic angle magnitude.

The legs of the two right triangles with hypotenuse on the ray defining the angles are of length formula_12 times the circular and hyperbolic functions.

The decomposition of the exponential function in its even and odd parts gives the identities
and
The first one is analogous to Euler's formula

Additionally,



RGB color model

The RGB color model is an additive color model. In this model red, green and blue are added together to form a new color.

An RGB color can be made by shining three colored lights of red, green, and blue onto a white wall in a dark room. Each light has a dimmer (to regulate its intensity.)

If only the red light is on, the wall will be red. If only the green light is on, the wall will look green. If the red and green lights are on together, the wall will look yellow. Dim the red light and the wall will become more of a yellow-green.

Each setting of the three dimmers will produce a different result, either in color or in brightness or both. The set of all possible results is the gamut. Swap the red lamp for one of a different brand that is slightly more orange, and there will be a slightly different gamut, since the set of all colors that can be produced with the three lights will be changed.

The name of the model comes from the initials of the three primary colors, red, green, and blue.

The purpose of the RGB color model is for capturing, storing, and displaying images in digital electronic devices, such as photo cameras, television sets, video cameras and computers. Before the electronic age, the RGB color model already had a solid theory behind it, based in human perception of colors.

The RGB color model is an additive color model in which red, green, and blue light are added together in various ways to reproduce a broad set of colors. The three light beams are added together, and their light spectra add to make the final color's spectrum. Zero intensity for each component gives the darkest color (no light, considered the "black"), and full intensity of each gives a white. 
This is in stark contrast to physical paints, such as oil paint, which create black when mixed.

The additive color model is opposite to the subtractive color model, particularly the CMY color model.

The RGB color model is based on the Young–Helmholtz theory of trichromatic color vision, developed by Thomas Young and Hermann von Helmholtz in the early to mid-nineteenth century, and on James Clerk Maxwell's color triangle that elaborated that theory (circa 1860).

The first experiments with RGB in early color photography were made in 1861 by Maxwell himself, and involved the process of combining three color-filtered separate picture takes. To reproduce the color photograph, three matching projections over a screen in a dark room were necessary.

The modern RGB technology for color CRT displays was patented by Werner Flechsig in Germany in 1938.

A color in the RGB color model is recorded by indicating how much of each of the red, green, and blue is included. The color is expressed as an RGB triplet ("r","g","b"), each component of which can vary from zero to a defined maximum value. If all the components are at zero the result is black; if all are at maximum, the result is the brightest representable white.

These ranges may be quantified in several different ways:


For example, brightest saturated red is written in the different RGB notations as:



Meenachil river

The Meenachil river (Malayalam: മീനച്ചിലാർ) is a river in the Indian state of Kerala. It is long and flows into Vembanad Lake at Kumarakom. The river was mentioned in Arundhati Roy's Booker Prize-winning novel, "The God of Small Things".

Lotay Tshering

Lotay Tshering (; born 10 May 1969) is a Bhutanese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Bhutan from 7 November 2018 until 1 November 2023.

He received his early education from Punakha High School and graduated from Sherubtse College. He graduated from Mymensingh Medical College under the University of Dhaka, Bangladesh and received a degree of MBBS in 2001. He completed his post-graduation in surgery from the Bangabandhu Sheikh Mujib Medical University in Dhaka, Bangladesh. In 2007, he studied Urology at the Medical College of Wisconsin, the USA, under his World Health Organization fellowship. Upon his return to Bhutan, he was the only practicing trained urologist in his country. In 2010, he obtained a fellowship in Endourology at Singapore General Hospital, Singapore, and Okayama University, Japan. He received a Master of Business Administration degree from University of Canberra, Australia in 2014.

Tshering, a Nepali-speaking Lhotshampa, is married to a doctor, Ugyen Dema. The couple has one daughter. During his tenure in Mongar Regional Referral Hospital, he adopted one girl and one boy.

Tshering served as a consultant surgeon in JDWNRH and Mongar Regional Referral Hospital, and was also served as a consultant urologist in JDWNRH for 11 years.

After the payment of about Nu. 6.2 million to the Royal Civil Service Commission, he resigned from the JDWNRH as a urologist to join politics in 2013.

On 14 May 2018, Tshering received 1,155 votes and was elected as the president of the Druk Nyamrup Tshogpa (DNT) just five months before the Third National Assembly Election.

He was elected to the National Assembly of Bhutan as a candidate of DNT from South Thimphu constituency in 2018 Bhutanese National Assembly election. He received 3,662 votes, defeating Kinley Tshering, a candidate of DPT. His party won largest number of seats in the 2018 National Assembly Election, bringing Tshering to premiership and Druk Nyamrup Tshogpa into government for the first time.

Narendra Modi with the Lotay Tshering, at Rashtrapati Bhavan, in New Delhi on December 28, 2018
On 7 November 2018, he replaced Tshering Tobgay and was sworn in as 3rd democratically elected Prime Minister of Bhutan.

On 27 December 2018, he arrived in India (three-day visit) on his first foreign trip after assuming the office.

Main article: Council of Ministers (Bhutan) § Current cabinet

Tshering announced his 10 cabinet ministers on 3 November 2018.


Luis Arce

Luis Alberto "Lucho" Arce Catacora (born 28 September 1963) is a Bolivian politician. In November 2020, he became the President of Bolivia.

He served as the Minister of Economy and Public Finance (2006–2017, 2019) under president Evo Morales.

In January 2020, he was elected candidate for the presidency of Bolivia for the October 2020 national elections by the Movimiento al Socialismo (MAS) party, along with former chancellor David Choquehuanca as a candidate for vice presidency. The elections happened on October 18, 2020 and according the country's election commission, Arce was elected president with an absolute majority of 55.1%.

On January 23, 2006, Arce was chosen by President Evo Morales to be Minister of Finance. Three years later, in 2009, he took charge of the new Ministry of Economy and Public Finance. Arce watch over the nationalization of hydrocarbon, telecommunications and mining companies in Bolivia. During his ministry, Bolivian GDP increased by 344% and extreme poorness dropped from 38% to 15%.

The first thing Arce did when he swore into the presidency is revert the recognition of the Venezuelan president to Maduro.


Druk Gyalpo

The Druk Gyalpo (; lit. Dragon King) is the head of state of the Kingdom of Bhutan.

Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum

Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum (; ; born 15 July 1949) is a politician. He was the acting President of the United Arab Emirates, Vice President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates (UAE), and ruler of the Emirate of Dubai.

He is responsible for the growth of Dubai into a global city, as well as the launch of a number of major enterprises including Emirates Airline, DP World, and the Jumeirah Group. Many of these are held by Dubai Holding, a company with multi-diversified businesses and investments. Sheikh Mohammed has overseen the development of numerous projects in Dubai including the creation of a technology park and a free economic zone, Dubai Internet City, Dubai Media City, the Dubai International Finance Centre, the Palm Islands and the Burj Al Arab hotel. He also drove the construction of Burj Khalifa, the tallest building in the world.

Maktoum bin Rashid Al Maktoum

Maktoum bin Rashid Al Maktoum (ca. 1941 – 4 January 2006) (; ), also referred to as Sheikh Maktoum was the Vice President and Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates (UAE) and the emir (ruler) of Dubai.

Everything Will Be Okay, We're All Going to Die!

Everything Will Be Okay, We're All Going to Die! () is a novel by Russian writer Sergei Aman, published in 2018.

The hero of the novel is the philosopher Alexei Krutorogov. He is unemployed and forced to get money for a living, working as a taxi driver. They are called bombers "(bombila)" in Russia. In the novel he talks about time, about the insignificance of everyday vanity and about absurdity as the basis of Russian life.

"Everything Will Be Okay, We're All Going to Die!" is a novel with a non-linear storyline. The novel covers the time period from the nineties of the last century to the tenth years of the present century. The novel is based on reliable facts. The style of the novel is postmodernism. The epigraph to the novel is a phrase from the book "The World According to Novikoff” by the Moscow writer Andrei Gusev. Sergei Aman's novel and Andrei Gusev's book combines a world-view approach.

"Аман С." Всё будет хорошо, мы все умрём! (“Everything Will Be Okay, We're All Going to Die!”), эротическо-героический эпос. — М.: ИД «Флюид ФриФлай», 2018. — 176 pp. ISBN 978-5-906827-70-8

Wojciech Pszoniak

Wojciech Zygmunt Pszoniak (2 May 1942 – 19 October 2020) was a Polish screen and stage actor. He was born in what is now the city of Lviv. His movie credits include "The Devil" (1972), "The Promised Land" (1975), "The Tin Drum" (1979) and "Austeria" (1983).

Pszoniak died in Warsaw on 19 October 2020 from cancer. He was 78.

Gianni Dei

Gianni Dei (21 December 1940 – 19 October 2020) was an Italian actor and singer. He was born in Bologna. His movie credits include "A Girl... and a Million" (1962), "The Seventh Grave" (1965), "Sheriff Won't Shoot" (1965), "La donnaccia" (1965), "Pronto... c'è una certa Giuliana per te" (1967), "Madame Bovary" (1969), "A White Dress for Marialé" (1972), "The Last Round" (1972), "The Killers Are Our Guests" (1974), "Batton Story" (1976), "Giallo a Venezia" (1979) and "Patrick Still Lives" (1980).

Dei died in Rome on 19 October 2020. He was 79.

Litoria christianbergmanni

Litoria christianbergmanni is a frog from Indonesia. It lives on the Fakfak Mountains. Scientists saw it 860 meters above sea level.

The adult male frog is 26.9–31.2 mm long from nose to rear end. There is more webbed skin on the back feet than on the front feet. This frog is green in color with small yellow-white spots on its back and back legs. The backs of the legs are brown in color.

Scientists named this frog after a German amphibian scientist, Prof. Dr. Christian Bergmann.

Batman vs. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles

Batman vs. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is a 2019 animated crossover superhero movie, directed by Jake Castorena, written by Marly Halpern-Graser, and produced by Warner Bros. Animation, DC Entertainment, and Nickelodeon. The movie is an adaptation of the six-issue inter-company crossover comic book miniseries "Batman/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" by James Tynion IV and Freddie Williams II. The story focuses on Batman, Robin and Batgirl teaming up with the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, in order to save Gotham City from chaos at the hands of both Shredder and Ra's al Ghul with their sect: the Foot Clan and the League of Assassins. The movie itself features the voices of Troy Baker, Darren Criss, Eric Bauza, Cas Anvar and Andrew Kishino.

The movie is the first collaboration between Warner Bros. and Nickelodeon, and was devised for the direct-to-video market. It was released on both Blu-ray and Digital HD on June 4, 2019. It was well-liked, and grossed over $3.8 million from sales.


Warner Bros. Animation was considering adaptations of "Batman/Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" and "Wonder Woman" as possible direct-to-video movies. The animated adaptation of the miniseries was officially announced in February 2019 to be in production and was released later in the spring.

The initial announcement revealed Troy Baker would reprise his roles as both Batman from "" video game and various Lego video games and movies, and the Joker from "", "", and the "Batman Unlimited" series, making Baker the first actor to portray both characters in the same property. The movie also features Darren Criss and Eric Bauza reprising their roles as Raphael and Leonardo, while Kyle Mooney and Baron Vaughn voice Michelangelo and Donatello, respectively. Rachel Bloom voices Batgirl and Cas Anvar voices Ra's al Ghul. In addition, Tom Kenny, John DiMaggio, Carlos Alazraqui and Tara Strong reprise their roles as the Penguin, Mr. Freeze, Bane, Harley Quinn and Poison Ivy from various DC properties. Other key cast members of the movie were revealed a month later, which consists of Ben Giroux as Robin, Andrew Kishino as the Shredder, Keith Ferguson as both Baxter Stockman and Two-Face, Brian George reprising his role as Alfred Pennyworth from "", and Jim Meskimen as both Commissioner James Gordon and the Scarecrow.

The first trailer was released on March 12, 2019. The movie had its world premiere at WonderCon Anaheim 2019 on March 31. The movie was later released to Digital on May 14 on 4K Ultra HD Combo Pack and Blu-ray Combo Pack on June 4, 2019.

"Batman vs. Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" was well-liked. Based on 13 reviews collected on Rotten Tomatoes, the movie has an approval rating of 100% with an average rating of a 7.47/10.

The movie earned $3,898,811 from domestic home video sales.


Color model

A color model is a mathematical model describing the way to represent colors as numbers, usually as three or four values. These values are called color components or color channels. When the model is linked to a description of how to interpret the components (viewing conditions, etc.), the resulting set of colors is called "color space."

The color models can be additive or subtractive. Additive and subtractive color models are opposite.

In additive color models, such as RGB, white is the combination of all primary-colored lights, and black is the absence of any light. Other colors are a mix of different strength of primary colors.

Subtractive color models "subtract" or mask colors from white background of the paper. The ink reduces the reflected white light. White light minus red leaves cyan, white light minus green leaves magenta, and white light minus blue leaves yellow. Such color models are used in printing. An example of such a model is CMYK color model.

Media that emit light (such as television) use color mixing with primary colors of red, green, and blue, each of which stimulates one of the three types of the eye's color receptors. This is called "RGB" color model. Mixtures of light of these primary colors cover a large part of the human color space.

RYB (an abbreviation of red–yellow–blue) is an additive color model that uses red, yellow, and blue pigments as primary colors in art and applied design. The RYB color model underpinned the color curriculum of the Bauhaus.

It is possible to achieve a large range of colors seen by humans by putting cyan, magenta, and yellow transparent dyes/inks on a white background. These are the "subtractive" primary colors. Often a fourth ink, black, is added to improve reproduction of some dark colors. This is called the "CMY" or "CMYK" color model.

The cyan ink absorbs red light but transmits green and blue, the magenta ink absorbs green light but transmits red and blue, and the yellow ink absorbs blue light but transmits red and green. The white substrate reflects the transmitted light back to the viewer.

A number of color models exist in which colors are fitted into conic, cylindrical or spherical shapes, with neutral (gray) colors running from black to white along a central axis, and hues (tints) corresponding to angles around the perimeter. Models of this type date back to the 18th century, and continue to be developed in the most modern models.

Different color theorists have designed unique color 3D shapes. Many are in the shape of a sphere. The color spheres invented by Phillip Otto Runge and Johannes Itten are typical examples and prototypes for many other color solid schematics.

HSL and HSV are both cylindrical, with hue, their angular dimension, starting at the red primary color at 0°, passing through the green primary at 120° and the blue primary at 240°, and then going back to red at 360°. In each, the central vertical axis comprises the "neutral", "achromatic", or "gray" colors, ranging from black at lightness 0 or value 0, the bottom, to white at lightness 1 or value 1, the top.

In an attempt to create an intuitive color mixing model, computer graphics pioneers at PARC and NYIT developed the HSV model in the mid-1970s. It was formally described by Alvy Ray Smith in the August 1978 issue of "Computer Graphics". In the same issue, Joblove and Greenberg described the HSL model—whose dimensions they labeled "hue", "relative chroma", and "intensity"—and compared it to HSV.

These models were useful not only because they were more intuitive than raw RGB values, but also because the conversions to and from RGB were extremely fast to compute: they could run in real time on the hardware of the 1970s. Consequently, these models and similar ones have been used in image editing and graphics software since then.

Another influential older cylindrical color model is the early-20th-century Munsell color model. Albert Munsell began with a spherical model in his 1905 book "A Color Notation", but he wished to separate color-making attributes into separate dimensions, which he called "hue", "value", and "chroma. A"fter taking careful measurements of human perception, he realized that no symmetrical shape would fit. So he reorganized his system into a blob.

Munsell's system became extremely popular. The de facto reference for American color standards—used not only for specifying the color of paints and crayons, but also electrical wire, beer, and soil color—because it was organized on human perception measurements. It specified colors in an easily learned and systematic triple of numbers. The color chips sold in the "Munsell Book of Color" covered a wide gamut and remained stable over time (rather than fading). The trouble with the Munsell system for computer graphics applications is that its colors are not specified via any set of simple equations, but only by its measurements: effectively a lookup table.

The Swedish Natural Color System, widely used in Europe, takes a similar approach to the Ostwald bi-cone. Because it attempts to fit color into a familiar shape based on "phenomenological" instead of photometric or psychological characteristics, it suffers from some of the same drawbacks as HSL and HSV: in particular, its lightness dimension differs from perceived lightness, because it forces colorful yellow, red, green, and blue into a plane.




Reciprocity (cultural anthropology)

Reciprocity is the practice of exchanging things with others for mutual benefit, especially privileges granted by one country or organization to another.

Scooby-Doo (movie)

Scooby-Doo is a 2002 American comedy mystery movie based on the "Scooby-Doo" franchise.

It was directed by Raja Gosnell and starred Freddie Prinze, Jr., Sarah Michelle Gellar, Matthew Lillard, Linda Cardellini and Rowan Atkinson. It got bad reviews but was a box office hit and started a .

At a toy factory, Mystery Inc. has unmasked the Luna Ghost. The group except for Shaggy and Scooby quit. Two years later, they all got a letter from Emile Mondavarious to visit Spooky Island and solve a mystery there.


Many fans didn't like how adult-oriented the humor is but they did like Matthew Lillard's performance of Shaggy, which is why Casey Kasem picked Lillard as his successor for the cartoons.

Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed

Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed is a 2004 American comedy mystery movie based on the "Scooby-Doo" franchise and a sequel to the 2002 movie.

It was directed by Raja Gosnell and starred Freddie Prinze, Jr., Sarah Michelle Gellar, Matthew Lillard and Linda Cardellini. It got both bad reviews and didn't make enough money. A planned third film (which was set to be released in 2006) was cancelled because of that. 

Mystery Inc. attended the grand opening of the Coolsonian Criminology Museum, home of all the costumes unmasked by the group.



David Dunn

David Dunn is a fictional character. He first appeared in a 2000 movie called "Unbreakable".

David Dunn was a football player who quit and became a security guard in Philadelphia.

David Dunn has been portrayed by Bruce Willis in all three of his appearances.

Unbreakable (movie)

Unbreakable is a 2000 American psychological superhero thriller mystery movie. It is set in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and was directed by M. Night Shyamalan. It stars Bruce Willis and Samuel L. Jackson.


Whitehawk

Whitehawk is a suburb of Brighton in the city of Brighton and Hove on England's south coast. It consists of a large housing estate developed by the council in the 1930s. In the late 1960s, five high rise flats were built in the suburb's northern end, known as the Swanborough flats. Beginning in the late 1970s, a major redevelopment of the estate took place. The estate lies in a valley and is partly surrounded by Brighton's Race Course. Whitehawk is the name given to a Neolithic camp situated at the top of Whitehawk Hill. The camp was inhabited some 5500 years ago.

Stanley Schumacher

Stanley Stanford Schumacher (June 12, 1933 – October 10, 2020) was a Canadian politician and lawyer. He was born in Hanna, Alberta. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party. Schumacher was a member of the Parliament of Canada between 1968 to 1979. He was also a member of the Legislative Assembly of Alberta between 1986 to 1997.

Schumacher died on October 10, 2020 in Drumheller, Alberta at the age of 87.

Raimundo Garcia

Raimundo García (27 May 1936 – 13 October 2020) was an Argentine chess master. He was born in Buenos Aires. 

García won at Mar del Plata 1962 ("Torneo Latino-americano"), and was Argentine Champion in 1963.

In 1963 he won a match against Samuel Schweber (3 : 2) in Buenos Aires, tied for 7-9th at Fortaleza 1963 (zonal, Rossetto won), and took 10th at Buenos Aires 1964 (Paul Keres won).

Garcia died on 13 October 2020 in Buenos Aires, aged 84.

Oscar Panno

Oscar Roberto Panno (born 17 March 1935) is an Argentine chess Grandmaster. Panno was the first top world chess player born in South America. Panno won the 2nd World Junior Chess Championship in 1953. Panno was born in Buenos Aires.

Panno has several successes at the tournaments at Mar del Plata. He won the international tournaments in 1954 and 1969 (shared with Miguel Najdorf), and the open tournaments in 1986, 1988, and 1994.

Panno played eleven times for Argentina in Chess Olympiads (1954–58, 1962, 1966–70, 1976, 1986–88, 1992). The 1954 Olympiad team won the silver medal, while the 1958 and 1962 teams won the bronze medal.

Ab Krook

Ab Krook (18 June 1944 – 13 October 2020) was a Dutch speed skating coach between 1977 and 2006. He was also a speed skater between 1967 and 1971. He competed at Dutch National Championships, but never reached the top. He was born in Oud-Loosdrecht, Netherlands.

He was coach during eight Winter Olympics and later served as a coordinator. Among others he coached Annie Borckink winning the Olympic gold medal and Ria Visser the silver medal at the 1980 Winter Olympics. He coached Bart Veldkamp winning gold at the 1992 Winter Olympics.

Krook had a cerebral infarction in 2018. He died from problems caused by a second infarction on 13 October 2020 in Blaricum, Netherlands, aged 76.

William Keir Carr

Lieutenant General William Keir "Bill" Carr, CMM, DFC, OStJ, CD (March 19, 1923 – October 14, 2020) was a Canadian Air Force officer. He was called the father of the modern Canadian Air Force. He was born in Grand Bank, Dominion of Newfoundland. He became Deputy Chief of the Defence Staff in 1973 and the first Commander, Air Command in 1975 before retiring from active duty in 1978.

Carr died on October 14, 2020 at the age of 97.

Lance Carson

Lance Allen Carson (December 3, 1945 – October 14, 2020) was an American Republican politician. He was a member of the South Dakota House of Representatives representing District 20 from 2007 to 2015 and 2017 to 2019. Carson was born in Nunda, South Dakota.

Carson died of COVID-19 on October 14, 2020 in Pierre, South Dakota at age 74.

James Jungius

Vice Admiral Sir James George Jungius KBE DL (15 November 1923 – 14 October 2020) was a Royal Navy officer. He became Deputy Supreme Allied Commander Atlantic in 1975. Jungius was promoted to rear admiral on 7 July 1972 and appointed Assistant Chief of the Naval Staff (Operational Requirements) the same year.

He died on 14 October 2020 at the age of 96.

Carlos Mesa

Carlos Diego Mesa Gisbert (born August 12, 1953) is a Bolivian politician and journalist. He was President of Bolivia from 2003 to 2005. He was vice president of Bolivia from August 2002 to October 2003. He unsuccessfully ran for president again in 2020.

Jorge Quiroga

Jorge Fernando Quiroga Ramírez (born May 5, 1960) nicknamed Tuto Quiroga is a Bolivian politician. He was President of Bolivia from August 7, 2001 to August 6, 2002. Quiroga was a candidate in the 2014 presidential election for the Christian Democratic Party.

He was appointed as vice president of the Club de Madrid in 2011.

Eduardo Rodríguez Veltzé

Eduardo Rodríguez Veltzé (born March 2, 1956) is a Bolivian politician and lawyer. During the 2005 political crisis in Bolivia, he was President of Bolivia for a short time. He was the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court between 2004 to 2005.

In 2010, Rodriguez has been charged with treason. He was charged with treason in 2006, which carries a 30-year prison term. He has since been cleared of all charges.

Danil Khalimov

Danil Takhirovich Khalimov (6 July 1978 – 15 October 2020) was an amateur Kazakh Greco-Roman wrestler. He competed in the men's middleweight category.

Khalimov qualified for his naturalized Kazakh squad in the men's 74 kg class at the 2004 Summer Olympics in Athens. 

He died on October 2020 at the age of 42 from COVID-19 in Yekaterinburg, Russia.


Mauricio Mata

Mauricio Mata (12 April 1939 – 15 October 2020) was a Mexican cyclist. He competed in three events at the 1960 Summer Olympics. He was born in San Luis Potosí, Mexico.

Mata died on 15 October 2020 in Aguascalientes, Mexico at the age of 81.

Warren Mitchell (basketball)

Warren Eugene Mitchell Sr. (April 1, 1933 – October 15, 2020) was an American college basketball coach. He was the head coach for the William & Mary Tribe men's basketball team from 1966 to 1972. He was born in Lynchburg, Virginia.

Mitchell died in Midlothian, Virginia on October 15, 2020 from COVID-19 and problems caused by dementia at the age of 87. 

SYRIZA

SYRIZA (Greek: ΣΥΡΙΖΑ) is a left-wing party in Greece. The name stands for Synaspismós Rizospastikís Aristerás - Proodeftikí Symmachía (which translates to Coalition of the Radical Left - Progressive Alliance). It started in 2004 as an associaton of different parties. In 2014, it was made a party in its own right. In 2015, it won the most votes, more than its rival Nea Dimokratia. Alexis Tsipras is the head of the party. He was prime minister from 2015 to 2019. 

Midlothian, Virginia

Midlothian, Virginia () is an unincorporated area in Chesterfield County, Virginia.

Murder of Samuel Paty

The murder of Samuel Paty was a terrorist attack that took place on 16 October 2020 in Conflans-Sainte-Honorine, near Paris. Paty was a French secondary school teacher, and he was killed and then beheaded by an Islamist terrorist, Abdoullakh Abouyedovich Anzorov. Anzorov killed Paty after a "hate campaign" on social media. A student at the school where Paty taught lied about Paty's teaching, and the student's father started the hate campaign.

Paty showed his students "Charlie Hebdo"'s 2012 cartoons showing Muhammad in a class on freedom of speech. A girl who was not in the class lied about what the teacher taught, and her father made a complaint to the police. He also started the internet "hate campaign" against Paty that caused Anzorov to kill Paty. The murder happened during the trial of other terrorists who were part of the "Charlie Hebdo" shooting in 2015.

The killers in the 2015 shooting were against "Charlie Hebdo"'s 2012 cartoons showing Muhammad. After Paty showed these cartoons in a class about freedom of speech, an Islamist imam wrote a "fatwa" ("an opinion on Muslim law") against Paty which called for his punishment. Anzorov killed Paty and put a picture of his head on Twitter. Many of Paty's students saw the picture. Anzorov said that he had "executed" Paty and addressed his words and the picture of Paty's head to Emmanuel Macron, the president of the French Republic. The police shot Anzorov dead a few minutes after the murder.

President Macron said that the event was "a typical Islamist terrorist attack", and that "our compatriot was killed for teaching children freedom of speech".

On 6 October, Samuel Paty was teaching a lesson on dilemmas. The lesson was about the magazine "Charlie Hebdo"'s cartoons of Muhammad and the 2015 "Charlie Hebdo" shooting. (In January 2015, Islamist terrorists attacked the office of the magazine and killed 12 people.) Paty showed the class of 13- and 14-year-olds the cartoons but said that Muslim students, who might be shocked, could close their eyes or leave the room if they wanted.

A 13-year-old girl at Paty's school was often truant and failed to go to her lessons. Because of her absences, the school suspended the girl. She did not want her father, Brahim Chnina, to know about her bad behaviour. On 8 October the girl lied to her father that Paty had ordered Muslim students in his lesson on 6 October to leave the room. She said the teacher then showed the other students "a photograph of the Prophet naked". She said that Paty sent her home for two days because she disagreed with him. The girl was not in the lesson.

Brahim Chnina, the girl's father, was 48 years old and was born in Morocco. When his daughter told him her story, Chnina made an angry video which he put on Facebook. In the video, he demanded that the school fire Paty from his job. Chnina made another angry video in which he accused Paty of "discrimination". Chnina made complaints to the school and to the police. He said Paty was "diffusing a pornographic image". Chnina said that Paty had ordered Muslim students to lift their hands and then leave the room while Paty showed the class the image. Chnina also said there was Islamophobia at the school. He said that other parents should help him force the school to fire Paty. He sent these videos to the organization Collective Against Islamophobia in France () and to his local mosque. Chnina said the same things on radio as well.

Johnny Bush

Johnny Bush (February 17, 1935 – October 16, 2020) was an American country music singer-songwriter, and musician. Bush was best known for his voice and for writing the song "Whiskey River", a top 10 hit.

Bush died at a hospital in San Antonio, Texas, on October 16, 2020 from problems caused by pneumonia, aged 85.

Anthony Chisholm

Anthony Chisholm (April 9, 1943 – October 16, 2020) was an American actor. He was a nominated for a Tony Award for Best Supporting Actor in a play, for his role of Elder Joseph Barlow in August Wilson's "Radio Golf". He also performed on Broadway in August Wilson's "Gem of the Ocean". He was born in Cleveland, Ohio.

Chisholm died on October 16, 2020 in Montclair, New Jersey at the age of 77.

Odore Joseph Gendron

Odore Joseph Gendron (September 13, 1921 – October 16, 2020) was an American prelate of the Roman Catholic Church. He was Bishop of Manchester from 1975 to 1990. Gendron was born in Manchester, New Hampshire.

Gendron died in Manchester on October 16, 2020 at the age of 99. At the time of his death he was the oldest living Catholic bishop in the United States.

Gordon Haskell

Gordon Haskell (27 April 1946 – 16 October 2020) was an English musician and singer-songwriter. He was a school friend of King Crimson guitarist Robert Fripp, the two first working together in Fripp's mid-1960s teenage group the League of Gentlemen. 

Haskell became known as bass player for the British band The Fleur de Lys, and subsequently spent a short period in King Crimson, singing one of the songs on their second album and both singing and playing bass on their third album.

Haskell died on 16 October 2020 at the age of 74.

Joaquín Pardo

Joaquín Pardo (28 February 1946 – 16 October 2020) was a Colombian footballer. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1968 Summer Olympics. He played for the national team.

Pardo died on 16 October 2020 at the age of 74.

Andrzej Pogorzelski

Andrzej Pogorzelski (12 October 1938 – 16 October 2020) was a Polish motorcycle speedway rider and coach. He was born in Leszno, Poland.

Andrzej won 3 bronze medals in the Polish Individual Speedway Championship (1964, 1965, 1966). He also won the Golden Helmet tournament in 1966, in 1964 " (2nd place), " 1965 " (2nd place) " and 1969 " (2nd place), " and was finalist in the Silver Helmet tournament of the season 1962 " (3rd place). "

Pogorzelski died on 16 October 2020, aged 82.

Abdul Aziz Shamsuddin

Abdul Aziz bin Shamsuddin (10 June 1938 – 16 October 2020) was a Malaysian politician. He was Minister of Rural and Regional Development from 27 March 2004 to 18 March 2008. Between 2004 and 2008, he was a member of the Parliament of Malaysia. Shamsuddin was born in Gopeng, Malaysia. 

Shamsuddin died on 16 October 2020 in Kuala Lumpur at the age of 82.

Palestinian Legislative Council

The Palestinian Legislative Council (PLC) is the unicameral legislature of the Palestinian Authority, elected by the Palestinian residents of the Palestinian territories of the West Bank and Gaza Strip. 

It is made up of , elected from 16 electoral districts of the Palestinian Authority.

Frederick Azzopardi

Azzopardi died on 17 October 2020 at the age of 71 following an illness.


Aurora Chamorro

Aurora Chamorro (11 June 1954 – 17 October 2020) was a Spanish swimmer. She participated in the 1970 European Aquatics Championships, the 1973 World Aquatics Championships and the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich.

Chamorro died on 17 October 2020 at the age of 66.

Lucien De Brauwere

Lucien De Brauwere (10 June 1951 – 17 October 2020) was a Belgian cyclist. He competed in the individual road race at the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born in Oudenaarde, Belgium.

De Brauwere died on 17 October 2020 in Petegem-aan-de-Schelde, Belgium, aged 69.

Yusop Jikiri

Yusop Jikiri (1951 – 17 October 2020) was a Filipino politician. He was a Leader within the Moro National Liberation Front (MNLF). From 2001 to 2004, he was Governor of Sulu Province in the Autonomous Region in Muslim Mindanao (ARMM). He also was a representative from Sulu's 1st District (2007–10) and ran again in 2010, but lost to Tupay Loong. 

Jikiri died on 17 October 2020 at the age of 66.

Toshinori Kondo

Kondo died on October 17, 2020 in Kawasaki City, Japan, aged 71.


Peter Brötzmann

Peter Brötzmann (6 March 1941 – 22 June 2023) was a German free jazz saxophonist and clarinetist.

Brötzmann appeared on over 100 albums.

Brötzmann died on 22 June 2023, at the age of 82, at home in Wuppertal, Germany.


Takna Jigme Sangpo

Takna Jigme Sangpo (1926 – 17 October 2020) was the longest-serving political prisoner of Tibetan ethnicity. He spent 37 years in a prison near Lhasa. 

He was first imprisoned in 1965, he was released from prison on a medical parole on 31 March 2002 having reached the age of 76. He resided in the Drapchi Prison.

Michael Strauss

Michael Strauss (; 1 May 1934 – 17 October 2020) was a German-born Israeli businessman. He was born in Ulm, Germany. His career began in 1958 and he retired in 2001. He was Chairman and President of Strauss Group. His net worth was US$950 million in 2006.

Strauss died on 17 October 2020 in Jerusalem at the age of 86.

Matt Drudge

Matthew Nathan Drudge (born October 27, 1966) is an American political commentator, the creator and editor of the Drudge Report.


John Archibald Wheeler

John Archibald Wheeler (July 9, 1911April 13, 2008) was an American theoretical physicist. He was known for his interest in general relativity in the United States. Wheeler also worked with Niels Bohr in explaining the basic principles behind nuclear fission. 

He is best known for using the term "black hole" and for inventing the terms "quantum foam", "neutron moderator", "wormhole" and "it from bit", and for hypothesizing the "one-electron universe".

On April 13, 2008, Wheeler died of pneumonia at the age of 96 in Hightstown, New Jersey.


Hightstown, New Jersey

Hightstown is a borough in Mercer County, New Jersey, United States. As of the 2020 United States Census, the borough's population was 5,900.

John P. Wheeler III

John Parsons Wheeler III (December 14, 1944 –c. December 30, 2010), known as Jack Wheeler, was an American Vietnam War veteran and businessman. He was born in Laredo, Texas.

He was chairman of the Vietnam Veterans Memorial Fund, senior planner for Amtrak (1971–1972), official of the Securities and Exchange Commission (1978–1986), chief executive and CEO of Mothers Against Drunk Driving, consultant to the Mitre Corporation (2009–death), and a presidential aide to the Ronald Reagan, George H. W. Bush, and George W. Bush administrations. 

Wheeler was murdered on December 30, 2010 near Wilmington, Delaware at the age of 66. The events and people involved in his murder is unsolved.

Michael Wynne

Michael Walter Wynne (born September 4, 1944) is an American politician and businessman. He was the 21st United States Secretary of the Air Force between 2005 to 2008.

He was forced to resign because of the 2007 United States Air Force nuclear weapons incident and the mistaken shipment of Minuteman III parts to Taiwan in 2006.

Jeffrey Toobin

Jeffrey Ross Toobin (; born May 21, 1960) is an American lawyer, blogger, author and was a legal analyst for CNN and "The New Yorker" until 2020. He was suspended from CNN and fired from the New Yorker after masturbating on camera during an official video call.

He was an associate counsel in the Department of Justice, and moved from government into writing during the 1990s.

Toobin has written several books, including an account of the O. J. Simpson murder case. That book was adapted as a TV series, "," which aired in 2016 as the first season of FX "American Crime Story"; it won nine Emmy Awards.

The Killers Are Our Guests

The Killers Are Our Guests (originally titled "Gli assassini sono nostri ospiti") is a 1974 Italian crime thriller movie directed by Vincenzo Rigo and starring Anthony Steffen, Margaret Lee, Luigi Pistilli, Gianni Dei.

Serpent of the Nile

Serpent of the Nile is a 1953 American adventure movie directed by William Castle and starring Raymond Burr, Rhonda Fleming, William Lundigan, Jean Byron, Michael Ansara, Julie Newmar. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures.

David Bale

David Charles Howard Bale (2 September 1941 – 30 December 2003) was an English businessman and an environmentalist animal rights activist. 

He was the father of actor Christian Bale and the husband of Gloria Steinem.

Bale died of lymphoma and brain cancer in Santa Monica, California on 30 December 2003, aged 62.

Zee Thirai

Zee Thirai is an Indian Tamil language Pay television channel under ZEE Network. It telecast only exclusive Tamil Kollywood movies for 24 hours with 7 weeks (24x7). Also it offers dubbed movies of Hollywood, Bollywood, Tollywood and Mollywood. It was launched by actor Kamal Hassan on the event of "Zee Cine Awards Tamil 2020" and premiered on 19 January 2020. It is the part of Zee Entertainment Enterprises Limited.



Winter Light

Winter Light is a 1963 Swedish drama movie directed by Ingmar Bergman and starring Gunnar Björnstrand, Kolbjörn Knudsen, Olof Thunberg, Max von Sydow, Allan Edwall, Ingrid Thulin, Gunnel Lindblom.


Tomás Herrera Martínez

Tomás Herrera Martinez (December 21, 1950 – October 18, 2020) was a Cuban basketball player. He won the bronze medal with the men's national team at the 1972 Summer Olympics in Munich, West Germany.

Martinez died on October 18, 2020 at the age of 69.

Fannie Mae

The Federal National Mortgage Association (FNMA), commonly known as Fannie Mae, is a United States government-sponsored enterprise (GSE) and, since 1968, a publicly traded company. It founded in 1938 during the Great Depression as part of the New Deal.

Its sister organization is the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (FHLMC), better known as Freddie Mac. As of 2018, Fannie Mae is ranked number 21 on the "Fortune" 500 rankings of the largest United States corporations by total revenue.

Stanisław Kogut

Stanisław Kogut (29 October 1953 – 18 October 2020) was a Polish politician and trade union activist. He was a member of the Polish Senate between 2005 to 2019. He also was a member of the Law and Justice party. Kogut was born in Biała Niżna, Poland.

Kogut died from COVID-19 on 18 October 2020 in Gorlice, Poland, aged 67.

Beki İkala Erikli

Beki İkala Erikli (born Beki Çukran, 1968 – December 15, 2016) was a Turkish Jewish author of self-help books. She was shot to death in Istanbul on December 16, 2016.

Gamut

In computer graphics and photography, the gamut, or color gamut , is a certain "subset" of colors. Most often it is a subset of colors, which can be accurately represented by some output device.

Another sense refers to the complete set of colors found within an image. 

The term "gamut" was adopted from music, where in middle age Latin "gamut" meant the entire range of musical notes of which musical melodies are composed. In the 1850s, the term was used for a range of colors or hue, for example by Thomas De Quincey, who wrote "Porphyry, I have heard, runs through as large a gamut of hues as marble."

In color theory, the gamut of a device is the portion of the color space that it can show.

When certain colors cannot be presented within a particular color model, those colors are said to be "out of gamut". 

While processing a digital image, an image is usually recorded in RGB color model. When printing such image has to be converted from an original RGB color space to the printer's CMYK color space. During this process, the colors, which are out of printer's gamut are converted to the in-gamut colors. So, the final image is an approximation of the original one. 

Gamuts are commonly represented as areas in the full visible range of colors. The full range of colors is usually shown as CIE 1931 chromaticity diagram shaped like a horseshoe.

The gamut depends on the brightness. So a full gamut is represented in 3D space.

The list contains some typical devices, wich show pictures, ranging from large to small color gamut:



Prime Minister of Bhutan

The prime minister of Bhutan (Lyonchhen) is the head of government of Bhutan.

Carbon–hydrogen bond

The carbon-hydrogen bond (C–H bond) is a bond between carbon and hydrogen atoms. It can be found in many organic compounds. This bond is a covalent bond. Carbon–hydrogen bonds have a bond length of about 1.09 Å (1.09 × 10 m). It has a bond energy of about 413 kJ/mol. Using Pauling's scale—C (2.55) and H (2.2)—the electronegativity difference between the carbon and hydrogen atoms is 0.35.

Alevism

Alevism or Anatolian Alevism (; ; ; ) is a local Islamic Anatolian tradition, whose adherents follow the Islamic (bāṭenī) teachings of Persian mystic Haji Bektash Veli, who is supposed to have taught the teachings of Ali and the Twelve Imams. Differing from the Sunni and Shia, Alevis have no binding religious dogmas, and teachings are passed on by a spiritual leader. They acknowledge the six articles of faith of Islam, but may differ regarding their interpretation. The tradition is mainly followed by Kurds and Turks.

Ilana Rovina

Ilana Rovina (January 30, 1934 – October 18, 2020) was an Israeli singer and actress. Rovina was one of Israel's first pop stars in the '50s and '60s and released a string of hits. She was also an actress and known for her role in "I Like Mike" (1961). 

Rovina was born in Jerusalem and died from COVID-19 in Tel Aviv, aged 86.

David Kushnir

David Kushnir (דוד קושניר; June 21, 1931 – October 18, 2020) was an Israeli Olympic long-jumper and track and field coach. He was born in Afula, Mandatory Palestine. When Kushnir competed in the Olympics he was 5-8 (173 cm) tall and weighed 163 lbs (74 kg).

Joseph Mar Thoma

Joseph Mar Thoma Metropolitan (27 June 1931 – 18 October 2020) (Syriac:ܡܺܝܛܪܳܦܽܠܶܝܬܳܐ ܕܟܽܘܪܣܝܳܐ ܫܠܺܝܚܳܝܳܐ ܕܡܰܠܰܒܰܪ ܐܰܒܽܘܢ ܝܰܘܣܶܝܦ ܡܳܪܝ̱ ܬܳܐܘܡܳܐ܀) was an Indian religious prelate. He was the 21st Marthoma Metropolitan and primate of the Mar Thoma Syrian Church headquartered in Kerala, India. He was born in Maramon, British Raj. He was the President of the National Council of Churches in India, Senior President of CCA, and the chairman of CASA.

Thoma died on 18 October 2020 in Thiruvalla, Kerala from pancreatic cancer, aged 89.

Naâma (singer)

Naâma () (27 February 1934 – 18 October 2020) was a Tunisian singer. She was named "Naâma" (meaning grace in Tunisian Arabic) by the Master Tunisian composer Salah Al Mahdi. Naâma became her stage name which she kept until she retired in late 1990s.

She was born in Azmour, in the North of Tunisia. Naâma died on 18 October 2020 after a long illness in Tunis, aged 86.

José Padilla (DJ)

José Padilla (1955 – 18 October 2020) was a Spanish disc jockey and producer of ambient music. He was best known for his work as DJ in the Café del Mar bar on the island of Ibiza. He was born in Barcelona, Spain. His career began in 1978.

In July 2020, Padilla was diagnosed with colorectal cancer. He died in Ibiza on 18 October 2020 from the disease, aged 64.

Arvin Reingold

Arvin Harold Reingold (July 22, 1930 – October 18, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. Reingold was in the Tennessee House of Representatives from 1963 to 1965 and was a Democrat.

Reingold was born in New York City. He moved to Chattanooga, Tennessee. Reingold died in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 90.

Gérard Sulon

Gérard Sulon (3 April 1938 – 18 October 2020) was a Belgian footballer who played as a midfielder.

Sulon played for RFC Liège, CS Schaerbeek, Beerschot VAV and Crossing Schaerbeek.

He also played for the Belgian national team between 1964 and 1965.

Sulon died on 18 October 2020, aged 82.

Saeb Erekat

Saeb Muhammad Salih Erekat (also "Erifat" or "Erakat" or "Arekat"; "Ṣāʼib ʻUrayqāt" or "ʻRēqāt"; 28 April 1955 – 10 November 2020) was a Palestinian politician and diplomat. He is the Secretary General of the Executive Committee of the PLO since 2015. He was chief of the PLO Steering and Monitoring Committee until 12 February 2011. 

He negotiated the Oslo Accords with Israel and remained chief negotiator from 1995 until May 2003, when he resigned in protest from the Palestinian government. He has been a member of the Palestinian Legislative Council since 1996.

On 9 October 2020, Erekat tested positive for COVID-19. He was at high risk for the illness, because he had a lung transplant in 2017. On 18 October 2020, he was sent to the Israeli Hadassah Ein Karem hospital in Jerusalem in critical condition. Erekat died of complications from COVID-19 on 10 November 2020, aged 65.

Hiroh Kikai

He was best known within Japan for four series of monochrome photographs: scenes of buildings in and close to Tokyo, portraits of people in the Asakusa area of Tokyo, and rural and town life in India and Turkey. 

Kikai died of lymphoma on 19 October 2020 at the age of 75.

Enzo Mari

Enzo Mari (April 27, 1932 – October 19, 2020) was an Italian modernist artist and furniture designer. He was inspired by the arts and crafts movement, and his political views as a communist. Mari was born in Novara, Italy.

In the 1970s, he founded the Nuova Tendenza art movement as a professor at Società Umanitaria, also in Milan. Also in that decade, he designed the Sof Sof chair and the "Box" chair.

Mari died on October 19, 2020 in Milan from COVID-19 at the age of 88.

Joan Mesquida

Joan Mesquida Ferrando (6 December 1962 – 19 October 2020) was a Spanish politician. He was a member of the Congress of Deputies for a short time in 2019. He was the Director-General of the Spanish National Police and Civil Guard from 2006 to 2008. Mesquida was a member of the Spanish Socialist Workers' Party.

Mesquida died of cancer in Palma de Mallorca, Spain on 19 October 2020, aged 57.

Jill Paton Walsh

Jill Paton Walsh (29 April 1937 – 18 October 2020) was an English novelist and children's writer. She was born in London. Walsh was known for her books "Knowledge of Angels", "A Presumption of Death" and "The Attenbury Emeralds".

Walsh died in London in October 2020 at the age of 83.

Iqbal F. Qadir

Vice-Admiral Iqbal Fazl Quadir (Urdu:اقبال فضل قادر) , (died 19 October 2020) was a Pakistani three-star rank admiral in the Navy, diplomat and analyst. He was known for his participation in second war. He was the Ambassador to Iran between 1983 to 1985.

Qadir died on 19 October 2020.


Aribinda

Arbinda (also spelled Aribinda) is the capital town of the Arbinda Department of Soum Province in northern Burkina Faso. The town has a population of 9,790 as of 2012. Arbinda is also known for its ancient airport, which is now likely abandoned.

On 24 December 2019, a group of militants attacked civilians and a military base in Arbinda in one of Burkina Faso's deadliest attacks. At least 122 people were killed, including 35 civilians, 7 soldiers, and 80 attackers.


2020–2021 Thai protests

The ongoing 2020 Thai protests are a series of protests against the government of Prime Minister Prayut Chan-o-cha, which have included demands for reform of the Thai monarchy.

The protests were initially caused by the ending of the Future Forward Party in late February 2020. The party was critical of Prayut. This first wave of protests was held on academic campuses and stopped by the COVID-19 pandemic.

The protests started again on 18 July in a large demonstration organized under the Free Youth umbrella at the Democracy Monument.

Following mass protests on 14 October, a "severe" state of emergency, which gave more emergency powers to the authorities compared to those given by the Emergency Decree since March, was declared in Bangkok on the 15, citing the alleged blocking of a royal motorcade. 

Protests continued despite the ban, prompting a crackdown by police on 16 October.

Maurice Houdayer

Maurice Houdayer (18 July 1931 – 1 October 2020) was a French rower. He competed at the 1956 European Rowing Championships in Bled, Yugoslavia, with the men's eight where they won the silver medal. 

He was part of the 1956 Summer Olympics in Melbourne with the men's eight, finishing in eighth place.

Houdayer died on 1 October 2020 at the age of 89.

Jana Andresíková

Jana Andresíková (2 April 1941 – 19 October 2020) was a Czech actress. Andresíková was born in Kroměříž, Czech Republic. She was known for her roles in "The Young Man and Moby Dick" (1979), "Giorgino" (1994) and "Arabela" (1979–1981). 

Andresíková died on 19 October 2020 from COVID-19 in Mělník, Czech Republic at the age of 79.

Luigi Franza

Luigi Franza (24 February 1939 – 19 October 2020) was an Italian politician and lawyer. Franza was a member of the Italian Democratic Socialist Party. Franza was a member of the Italian Senate between 1983 and 1994.

Franza died on 19 October 2020 in Ariano Irpino, Italy at the age of 81.

Theodosius (Lazor)

Metropolitan Theodosius (secular name Frank Lazor; October 27, 1933October 19, 2020) was the primate of the Orthodox Church in America (OCA) from 1977 until his retirement in 2002. He retired due to bad health. He was born in Canonsburg, Pennsylvania. 

Theodosius died in Canonsburg from problems caused by multiple strokes on October 19, 2020, aged 86.

Canonsburg, Pennsylvania

Canonsburg is a borough in Washington County, Pennsylvania, southwest of Pittsburgh. The population was 9,744 at the 2020 census.

Bruno Martini

Bruno Martini (25 January 1962 – 20 October 2020) was a French footballer who played as a goalkeeper.

He played for Auxerre between 1981 to 1995. He also played for the national team from 1987 to 1996. Martini represented the nation in two European Championships.

Martini died on 20 October 2020 of cardiac arrest caused by heart failure in Montpellier, aged 58.

Challuy

Challuy is a commune in the Nièvre department in central France.


Paul Murphy

Paul Murphy may refer to:




Paul Murphy (Massachusetts politician)

Paul Maurice Murphy (February 24, 1932 – January 22, 2020) was an American politician and judge. He was born in Brockton, Massachusetts. He was a member of the Democratic Party. He was a member of the Massachusetts House of Representatives between 1961 to 1970 and again from 1971 to 1974.

Murphy died on January 22, 2020 in Osterville, Massachusetts at the age of 88.

Mangalya Dosham

Mangalya Dosham, "Mangalya Dhosham" or Mangalya Sandhosham, is an Indian Tamil language television show. It is a horror and thriller drama. It aired on Colors TamilThe series starred Lakshmipriya, Arun Padmanabhan and Ravi Tej. It is a supernatural story based on the movie Arundhati.

This series had more than 100 episodes. Then Colors Tamil and the series team decided change the name of the show from Mangalya Dosham to Mangalya Sandhosham'

A Zamindar family lives in Manikkapuram. A commoner named Raghuvaran was in love with Zamindar's daughter Nayanthara. But when Raghuvaran proposed this idea to the courtiers, they threw him out. Nayanthara married someone else. On her wedding day, the groom tied the sacred thread on Nayanthara, but that night, Raghuvaran killed the groom. Raghuvaran was caught and executed by hanging. Before he died, Raghuvaran promised that in every lifetime he would follow Nayanthara to get her marry him.

After many years, Nayanthara was reincarnated and reborn as Nithya who is born with Mangalya Dosha from her previous birth. She is a Bharathanatyam dancer. Tarun is a doctor who falls in love with Nithya at first sight. Raghuvaran comes as a ghost who haunts Nithya in many ways. Tarun and Nithya's agree to get married, but Deepika doesn't want Nithya to marry Tarun, so she tries to separate them. The rest of the story shows Nithya and Tarun trying to live together even though the of Raghuvaran does not want them to.



Paul Murphy (Australian journalist)

Paul Murphy (1942/1943 – 20 October 2020) was an Australian political journalist and radio and television presenter. He presented the ABC's afternoon radio current affairs program "PM" from 1983 to 1993.

Murphy was a regular guest on "This Sporting Life". He was the first host of the SBS-TV current affairs program "Dateline," and presented the program for a decade.

In the 1994 Australia Day Honours Murphy was made a Member of the Order of Australia (AM) for "service to public broadcasting and to journalism".

Murphy died from cancer on 20 October 2020, aged 77.

Irina Skobtseva

Irina Konstantinovna Skobtseva (; 22 August 1927 – 20 October 2020) was a Soviet and Russian actress. She was the second wife of Sergei Bondarchuk. Skobtseva was born in Tula, Russian SFSR, Soviet Union. 

Her career began in 1955. Her best known works were in "War and Peace", "Othello" and "Walking the Streets of Moscow". In 1974, she was honored with People's Artist of the RSFSR.

Skobtseva died on 20 October 2020 in Moscow, aged 93.

Gran Torino

Gran Torino is a 2008 American drama movie produced by Clint Eastwood, who also starred in the movie. The movie co-stars Christopher Carley, Bee Vang, John Carroll Lynch and Ahney Her. This was Eastwood's first starring role since 2004's "Million Dollar Baby". It is set in Highland Park, Michigan.

The movie is about Walt Kowalski, a recently widowed Korean War veteran who is left alone by his family and angry at the world. Walt's young neighbor, Thao Vang Lor, is pressured by his cousin into stealing Walt's 1972 Ford Gran Torino to be part of a local gang. Walt stops the theft and later becomes friends with the boy and his family.

"Gran Torino" was released on January 9, 2009. The movie had strong positive reviews.

Johan August Arfwedson

Johan August Arfwedson (12 January 1792 – 28 October 1841) was a Swedish chemist. He discovered lithium in 1817 by isolating it as a salt.

Arfwedson was born in January 12, 1792. His family was very rich. His father was Jacob Arfwedson and his mother was Anna Elisabeth Holtermann. Arfwedson became a student at the Uppsala University in 1803. He completed a degree in Law in 1809 and a second degree in mineralogy in 1812. Later in the year, he received an position in the Royal Board of Mines.

In Stockholm, Arfwedson knew the chemist Jöns Jakob Berzelius. He got access to his private laboratory, which is where he discovered lithium in 1817, during analysis of the mineral petalite.

He was elected a member of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences in 1821.

The rare mineral arfvedsonite was named after him.

Million Dollar Baby

Million Dollar Baby is a 2004 American sports drama movie directed, co-produced, and scored by Clint Eastwood from a screenplay written by Paul Haggis. It is based on short stories by F.X. Toole.

It stars Eastwood, Hilary Swank, and Morgan Freeman. 

"Million Dollar Baby" was theatrically released on December 15, 2004, by Warner Bros. Pictures. It received critical acclaim and grossed $216.8 million. The movie won four Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actress (for Swank), and Best Supporting Actor (for Freeman).

Sergei Bondarchuk

Sergei Fedorovich Bondarchuk (; ; Ukrainian: Сергі́й Фе́дорович Бондарчу́к, "Serhiy Fedorovych Bondarchuk"; 25 September 192020 October 1994) was a Soviet and Russian actor, movie director, and screenwriter. He is known for his historical dramas such as the 4-part movie version of Leo Tolstoy's "War and Peace" and the Napoleonic War epic "Waterloo".

The Devil All the Time (movie)

The Devil All the Time is a 2020 American psychological thriller movie directed by Antonio Campos. It is based on the novel of the same name by Donald Ray Pollock.

It stars Tom Holland, Harry Melling, Bill Skarsgård, Riley Keough, Jason Clarke, Sebastian Stan, Haley Bennett, Eliza Scanlen, with Mia Wasikowska and Robert Pattinson.

"The Devil All the Time" was released in select theaters on September 11, 2020, and digitally on Netflix on September 16, 2020. It received mixed reviews from critics.

Donald Ray Pollock

Donald Ray Pollock (born December 23, 1954) is an American writer. He first published his collection of short stories, "Knockemstiff", in 2008.

His debut novel, "The Devil All the Time", was published in 2011. He was the narrator of the movie version in 2020.

Greta Gerwig

Greta Celeste Gerwig (; born August 4, 1983) is an American actress and filmmaker. She starred in "Hannah Takes the Stairs" (2007) and "Nights and Weekends" (2008).

She also starred in "Greenberg" (2010), "Frances Ha" (2012) and "Mistress America" (2015). 

Gerwig also directed "Lady Bird" (2017) and "Little Women" (2019), both of which earned nominations for the Academy Award for Best Picture. 

She also directed "Barbie" (2023), which is based on the famous fashion doll of the same name by Mattel, and starring Margot Robbie as Barbie and Ryan Gosling as Ken. "Barbie" made over $1 billion at the box office, making Gerwig the first female solo director to have a movie reach this milestone.

Gerwig was officially hired by Netflix to direct the first two adaptations of "The Chronicles of Narnia," based on the book series of the same name. 

Noah Baumbach

Noah Baumbach () (born September 3, 1969) is an American filmmaker. He is known for his works "The Squid and the Whale" (2005) and "Marriage Story" (2019). He has written and directed "Margot at the Wedding" (2007), "Frances Ha" (2012), "While We're Young" (2014), "Mistress America" (2015), and "The Meyerowitz Stories" (2017).

William Kunstler

William Moses Kunstler (July 7, 1919 – September 4, 1995) was an American lawyer and civil rights activist. He was known for defending the Chicago Seven.

Kunstler was an active member of the National Lawyers Guild, a board member of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and the co-founder of the Law Center for Constitutional Rights (CCR), the "leading gathering place for radical lawyers in the country".

St. Johns, Michigan

St. Johns is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 7,698 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Clinton County.

Monee, Illinois

Monee is a village in Will County, Illinois, United States. The population was 5,128 at the 2020 census.

Christian Gmelin

Christian Gottlob Gmelin (12 October 1792 – 13 May 1860) was a German chemist. He was born in Tübingen, Germany. He was a grandson of Johann Konrad Gmelin and a great-grandson of Johann Georg Gmelin.

Christian was born in October 12, 1792. He was born in Tübingen, Germany. In 1818, Gmelin was one of the first to observe that lithium salts give a bright red color in a flame. Gmelin later died in Tübingen, Germany, where he spent his entire life. He died on May 13, 1860.

Gold digger

A gold digger is a person, usually a woman, who has a relationship for money and/or goods rather than love. If the woman gets married, it's a marriage of convenience.

This type of relationship is called gold digging. 

The term "gold digger" was a slang term which has its roots in the 20th century. It is especially popular with chorus girls and sex workers.

"Gold digger" rose in usage after the popularity of Avery Hopwood's play "The Gold Diggers" in 1919.

Songs about gold diggers include "Gold Digger" from Kanye West and "Gold Digger" from EPMD. Both reference women marrying for money.


Tin foil

Tin foil is a thin foil made of tin. Tin foil was replaced after World War II by aluminium foil. In the late 19th century and early 20th century, tin foil was in commonly used.

Tin foil is stiffer than aluminium foil. It tends to give a slight tin taste to food that is wrapped in it. Tin foil is resistant to corrosion and oxidation.

Électricité de France

Electricite de France S.A. (EDF; "Electricity of France") is a French power company. It is mostly owned by the government of France. Its headquarters are in Paris. It earned €71.2 billion in revenues in 2016. EDF produces 120+ gigawatts of electricity in Europe, South America, North America, Asia, the Middle East and Africa.

In 2009, EDF produced more electricity than any other power company in the world. In 2011, it produced 22% of the European Union's electricity, most of it from nuclear power:

Its 58 active nuclear reactors (in France) are spread out over 20 sites (nuclear power plants). There are 34 reactors with 900 MW, 20 reactors with 1300 MW, and 4 reactors with 1450 MW, all PWRs.

In 2017, EDF was scheduled to take over most of the power business of Areva, in a French government sponsored restructuring following financial and technical problems at Areva. In July 2017, France's Environmental Minister Nicolas Hulot said that up to 17 of France's nuclear power reactors — all of which are operated by EDF — could be closed by 2025 because of a new law about using less nuclear power.


Foil (metal)

A foil is a very thin sheet of metal. It is usually made by hammering or rolling. Foils are made with malleable metals, such as aluminium, copper, tin, and gold. Foils can be torn easily. An extremely thin foil is called a metal leaf. Foil is commonly used for household uses.

Aluminium foil

Aluminium foil (also called aluminum foil in American English) is foil (a thin sheet of metal) made of aluminium. It is less than 0.2 mm (7.9 mils) thick. It can easily be bent or wrapped around objects. Aluminium foil replaced tin foil in the mid 20th century.

Approximately 75% of aluminium foil is used for packaging of foods, cosmetics, and chemical products. 25% is used for industrial uses. It can easily be recycled.

Aluminium foil replaced tinfoil in 1910, when the first aluminium foil rolling factory, "Dr. Lauber, Neher & Cie." was opened in Schaffhausen, Switzerland. The factory was owned by J.G. Neher & Sons. The factory started in 1886 in Schaffhausen, Switzerland. The way that aluminium foil was made started to change to include the use of print, colour, lacquer, lamination and the embossing of the aluminium.

Aluminium foils thicker than 25 μm (1 mil) do not allow oxygen and water to pass through.

Aluminium foil has a shiny side and a dull side. The foil may have a non-stick coating on only one side. The reflectivity of bright aluminium foil is 88% while dull embossed foil is about 80%.

Aluminium is used for packaging. Aluminium foil containers and trays are used to bake pies. It is also used pack takeaway meals. Aluminium foil is widely used in radiation shields and heat exchangers. Aluminium foil is used for art, decoration, and crafts.

Geometry Dash

Geometry Dash is a rhythm-based platform game developed and published by RobTop Games. It started being sold for two dollars on August 13, 2013. It is a 2D platform game that involves dodging geometric obstacles (spikes, walls, and creatures) in a series of levels. Players can create levels in the editor, and play levels made by other people. To finish levels, they have to get through the whole level without dying to an obstacle. They can collect items such as coins, stars, orbs, diamonds, moons, and Demon Keys. There are a variety of game modes in the game, such as the cube, ship, ball, UFO, wave, robot, spider, and the swing (also known as the Swingcopter or Swing Copter).

The player uses the keyboard, touch screen, controller, or mouse to control the icon. 
Currency in Geometry Dash can range from being easy to hard to collect. Ways to collect currency are by completing quests and lists for diamonds and completing map packs for secret coins and stars. Beating rated levels will give orbs. Collecting the user coins will unlock user coin achievements.

Godtfred Kirk Christiansen

Godtfred Kirk Christiansen (8 July 1920 – 13 July 1995) was a Danish businessman. He was born in Billund. He was the son of Ole Kirk Christiansen, also a businessman, the founder of LEGO. He died of a stroke on 13 July 1995. He was known for making the LEGO industry and also making the LEGO brick. He was the one who created Legoland in Billund, the same year the Billund Airport started operating in 1968. He was in power for the LEGO president from 1957-1979.

Jørgen Vig Knudstorp

Jørgen Vig Knudstorp (born 21 November 1968) is an Danish businessman. He was the executive chairman and former CEO of the Lego Group. He was born in Fredericia.

Glass (movie)

Glass is a 2019 American psychological superhero thriller mystery movie. It is set in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and was directed by M. Night Shyamalan. It is a sequel to both 2000's Unbreakable and 2016's Split. It stars Bruce Willis, James McAvoy and Samuel L. Jackson.


Split (movie)

Split is a 2016 American psychological horror movie. It is set in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and was directed by M. Night Shyamalan and is a stealth sequel to 2000's Unbreakable. It stars James McAvoy and Anya Taylor-Joy.


Shyamalan revealed that Kevin Crumb was going to be the secondary villain of Unbreakable but he felt it would make the movie too complicated. Since the movie was made by Universal instead of Touchstone Pictures, Shyamalan asked the Walt Disney Company to use David Dunn as a character and got to use him for free in exchange for a follow-up to both movies.

Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery

Austin Powers: International Man of Mystery is a 1997 American comedy spy movie. It was directed by Jay Roach and was produced by Jan Blenkin, John S. Lyons, Eric McLeod, Demi Moore, and Mike Myers. It is the first entry of the Austin Powers movie series with a sequel released in 1999 followed by a second sequel in 2002.

The setting is London, England.

Many characters use British English.


Litoria chrisdahli

Litoria chrisdahli is a frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives in the Sepik Basin.

This frog has a spike on the end of its nose. Scientists say it is related to "Litoria prora" and "Litoria humboldtorum" but it is smaller and smaller flaps of skin on its legs. It also sounds different when it calls out.

Bideford witch trial

The Bideford witch trials began in 1682. Three women from Bideford were hanged - their crime was witchcraft. They were the last women in England to be executed for this crime. The women the were hanged to death were Temperance Lloyd, Susanna Edwards and Mary Trembles. At that time, Bideford was an important part of a growing transatlantic trade route with Newfoundland and Virginia. At the time of the deaths, the plague and smallpox epidemics, by 1680 the crowded town had a population of 2,600. Religion and folklore played key parts in the beliefs of those living in the 17th Century. To keep the people interested, there was also a reviving interest in and fear of witchcraft.

MLS Player of the Month

The Major League Soccer Player of Month is a monthly soccer award given to players in Major League Soccer. The honor is given to the player who have had the best performance in each month by a panel of journalists from the North American Soccer Reporters organization. The award was formerly voted on by the Professional Soccer Reporters Association.

Since 2014, the award has been sponsored by Etihad Airways and named the Etihad Airways Player of the Month.

2019–20 Winnipeg Jets season

The 2019–20 Winnipeg Jets season was the 21st season for the National Hockey League franchise that was created on June 25, 1997, and the ninth in Winnipeg, Manitoba, since the franchise moved from Atlanta prior to the start of the 2011–12 NHL season.

The season was suspended by the league officials on March 12, 2020, after other professional and collegiate sports organizations did as well because of the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic. On May 26, the NHL regular season was officially declared over with the remaining games being cancelled. The Jets advanced to the playoffs and faced the Calgary Flames in the qualifying round, losing in a four-game series.

The Jets lost their first game of the season 6–4 to the New York Rangers on October 3. The Jets struggled in the opening month of October, having a 6–7–0 record with 12 points out of a possible 26 to start the season.


The pre-season schedule was published on June 13, 2019.
The regular season schedule was published on June 25, 2019.

The Jets faced the Calgary Flames in the qualifying round, losing in four games.

means player spent time with another team before joining the Jets. Stats reflect time with the Jets only.
<br>means player was traded mid-season. Stats reflect time with the Jets only.
<br>Bold/italics means franchise record.

Cross-site scripting

Cross-site scripting (XSS) is a client-side code injection attack. The attacker aims to execute malicious scripts in a web browser of the victim by including malicious code. 
In a Cross-site Scripting attack (XSS), the attacker uses your vulnerable web page to deliver malicious JavaScript to your user. The user's browser executes this malicious JavaScript on the user's Computer. Note that about one in three websites is vulnerable to Cross-site scripting.
Non-persistent XSS vulnerabilities in Google could allow sites to attack Google users who visit them while logged in.
The persistent XSS vulnerability is a more devastating variant of a cross-site scripting flaw: it occurs when the data provided by the attacker is saved by the server, and then permanently displayed on "normal" pages returned to other users in the course of regular browsing, without proper HTML escaping.
Self-XSS is a form of XSS vulnerability which relies on social engineering in order to trick the victim into executing malicious JavaScript code into their browser.
Mutated XSS happens when the attacker injects something that is seemingly safe, but rewritten and modified by the browser, while parsing the markup. This makes it extremely hard to detect or sanitize within the websites application logic.

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Out of the Shadows is a fantasy action movie. It was made in the United States and released in 2016. It is part of the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" (TMNT) series. The movie is the second and last in the rebooted "TMNT" movie series. It is the first TMNT movie to feature the villains Krang, Bebop and Rocksteady.



Evil Con Carne

Evil Con Carne is an American animated television series. It was created by Maxwell Atoms. It was originally shown on the Cartoon Network. It began on 2003 and ended on 2004. It focuses on the brain of a Mexican playboy attached to the body of a bear who wants to dominate the world. It originated as a part of Grim & Evil before it was split into two shows.


Sinbad: Legend of the Seven Seas

Sinbad: Legend of the Seven Seas is a 2003 animated movie about Sinbad the Sailor and his quest at the seven seas. It was made by DreamWorks Animation. It didn't do well at the box office.

It was the last movie by Dreamworks to be drawn by hand instead of computer-animated.

Harry Gregson-Williams wrote the music for the movie.


Drive My Car

"Drive My Car" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles. It was mainly written by Paul McCartney, with some help from John Lennon. It was first released on the British version of the band's 1965 album "Rubber Soul". The song is about a movie star who asks the narrator of the song to be her chauffeur. McCartney also said that "'Drive my car' was an old blues euphemism for sex".

According to Ian MacDonald, except where noted:

Norwegian Wood

Norwegian Wood may mean:


Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown)

"Norwegian Wood (This Bird Has Flown)" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on their 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It was mainly written by John Lennon, but listed as being written by Lennon–McCartney. The song was influenced by the lyrics of Bob Dylan. The song had a sitar played by George Harrison, which was the first time this had been done in Western rock music. The song was a number one in Australia, where it was released as a single. "Rolling Stone" magazine said it was the 83rd-greatest song of all time.

Personnel per Walter Everett


Citations
Bibliography

Francine Simonin

Francine Simonin (2 October 1936 – 9 October 2020) was a Swiss-Canadian painter, engraver, and designer. She was seen to be an expressionist. Simonin was born in Lucerne, Switzerland. From 1971 to 1994, she taught at the Université du Québec in Trois-Rivières. Simonin's works were regularly displayed by Galerie Lacerte in Montreal. She also did much of her work in Évian-les-Bains.

Simonin died on 9 October 2020 in Montreal, Quebec at the age of 84.

Ahmed Adghirni

Ahmed Adghirni (5 May 1947 – 19 October 2020) was a Moroccan politician, lawyer, writer, and human rights activist. He was from a Berber tribe. Adghirni was born in Aït Ali in Sous, Morocco. 

He was a political activist for Berbers in Morocco. He was very active in the World Amazigh Congress, participating in the "pre-congress" at Saint-Rome-de-Dolan in 1995 and the first congress at Las Palmas in 1997.

Adghirni died on 19 October 2020 in Tiznit, Morocco at the age of 73.

Spencer Davis

Spencer Davis (born Spencer David Nelson Davies, 17 July 1939 – 19 October 2020) was a Welsh musician and multi-instrumentalist. He was the founder of the 1960s beat band The Spencer Davis Group.

Davis died from pneumonia on 19 October 2020 in Los Angeles at the age of 81.

Tony Lewis (musician)

Tony Lewis (21 December 1957 – 19 October 2020) was an English pop rock singer-songwriter and bassist. He was a member of the band the Outfield, known for their hit single "Your Love". He released his first solo album, "Out of the Darkness," in the spring of 2018 on Madison Records. His career began in 1984. He was born in London.

Lewis died on 19 October 2020 in London at the age of 62. 

Yehoshua Blau

Yehoshua Blau (Hebrew: יהושע בלאו , September 22, 1919 – October 20, 2020) was a Romanian-born Israeli scholar of Arabic language and literature. He was a Professor Emeritus at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. He was born in Cluj, Romania.

Blau was elected a Corresponding Fellow of the British Academy in 1983. Blau was elected as a member of the Israel Academy of Sciences and Humanities in 1968.

Blau died on October 20, 2020 in Tel Aviv at the age of 101.

Derryl Cousins

Derryl Cousins (August 18, 1946 – October 20, 2020) was an American umpire in Major League Baseball (MLB). He worked in the American League (AL) from 1979 to 1999, and umpired throughout both leagues from 2000 until his retirement following the 2012 season. Cousins was born in Fresno, California.

Cousins died on October 20, 2020 from cancer in Palm Springs, California at the age of 74.


Bogdan Józef Wojtuś

Bogdan Józef Wojtuś (4 July 1937 – 20 October 2020) was a Polish Roman Catholic prelate. He was an auxiliary bishop of the archdiocese of Gniezno from 1988 until 2012. He was born in Łąsko Wielki, Poland.

Pope John Paul II appointed him Titular Bishop of Vassinassa on November 17, 1993, and Auxiliary Bishop of Gniezno. On September 15, 2012, Pope Benedict XVI accepted his resignation request made for reasons of age.

Wojtuś died on 20 October 2020 from COVID-19 in Poznań, Poland at the age of 83.

Thiruvalla

Thiruvalla, alternately spelled Tiruvalla, is a town in Kerala and also the headquarters of the Taluk of same name in Pathanamthitta district in the State of Kerala, India. It is known as the "Land of Non resident Indians". 

Arthur Takes Over

Arthur Takes Over is a 1948 American comedy movie directed by Malcolm St. Clair and starring Lois Collier, Richard Crane, Skip Homeier, Ann E. Todd, Jerome Cowan, William Bakewell, Howard Freeman, Luana Walters, Almira Sessions. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Homesteaders of Paradise Valley

Homesteaders of Paradise Valley is a 1947 American western movie directed by R. G. Springsteen and starring Allan Lane, Ann E. Todd, Robert Blake, Martha Wentworth, Gene Roth, Mauritz Hugo, Emmett Vogan, Edythe Elliott.

Maubara Administrative Post

Maubara is a village in Maubara Subdistrict, East Timor, just west of the city of Liquiçá. Most of the inhabitants speak Tocodede. It lies near the Maubara Important Bird Area, the small coastal Lake Maubara. The Parish Church of Maubara is located here. There is a historic Dutch fort.

David Choquehuanca

David Choquehuanca Céspedes (born May 7, 1961) is a Bolivian politician. In November 2020, he became the Vice President of Bolivia. He was the Foreign Minister from 23 January 2006 to 23 January 2017. 

Álvaro García Linera

Álvaro Marcelo García Linera (; born 19 October 1962), is a Bolivian politician. He was Vice President of Bolivia from 2006 until his removal in 2019 during the Evo Morales presidency.

Vice President of Bolivia

The Vice President of the Plurinational State of Bolivia () or Vice President of Bolivia (), is the second highest political position in Bolivia. 

The Vice President replaces the President in his absence, death or in the event of removal from office.

2020 Bolivian general election

Snap general elections were held in Bolivia on 18 October 2020 for President, Vice-President, and all seats in both the Senate and Chamber of Deputies. 

The results of the election will replace the disputed results of the October 2019 elections, which were annulled during a prolonged political crisis.

Chamber of Senators (Bolivia)

The Chamber of Senators () is the upper house of the Plurinational Legislative Assembly of Bolivia.

The Senate has 36 seats. Each of the country's nine departments returns four senators elected by proportional representation (using the D'Hondt method). 

Chamber of Deputies (Bolivia)

The Chamber of Deputies () is the lower house of the Plurinational Legislative Assembly of Bolivia. The composition and powers of this house are established in the Political Constitution of the State.

The Chamber of Deputies comprises 130 seats, elected using the additional member system: 70 deputies are elected to represent single-member electoral districts, 7 of which are Indigenous or Campesino seats elected by the usos y costumbres of minority groups, 60 are elected by proportional representation from party lists on a departmental basis. Deputies also serve five-year terms, and must be aged at least 25 on the day of the election. 

2019 Bolivian political crisis

On 10 November 2019, after 21 days of civil protests following the disputed election results of October 2019 and the release of a report from the Organization of American States (OAS), which showed irregularities in the electoral process, trade unions, the military and the police of Bolivia asked president Evo Morales to resign. 

Morales resigned and was offered political asylum to Morales the following day, which Morales accepted a day afterwards.

The second vice president of the Senate, opposition senator Jeanine Áñez, assumed the role of president on 12 November, being the next in line for the presidency. 

Morales has called for the Bolivian people to reject the leadership of Áñez. He and his supporters argue that the event was a coup d'état.

2019 Bolivian general election

General elections were held in Bolivia on 20 October 2019. 

Voters elected all 130 members of the Chamber of Deputies and 36 senators and cast ballots for a joint slate of president and vice president.

Disputes over the transparency and legitimacy of the elections caused weeks of widespread protests in Bolivia after incumbent President Evo Morales was declared the winner with 47.08% of the vote. This was greater than ten-point margin over his nearest competitor, Carlos Mesa, this was enough for Morales to be announced as a winner without a run-off second-round vote.

The Organization of American States (OAS) said that there was "clear manipulation" and significant irregularities.

Luis Fernando Camacho

Luis Fernando Camacho Vaca (born 15 February 1979) is a Bolivian lawyer, businessman and activist. He is a member of the Revolutionary Nationalist Movement in Bolivia.

He was a major critic of Evo Morales in the 2019 Bolivian general elections. He demanded that Morales resign on 5 November 2019. He ran for President of Bolivia in 2020 but did not win.

In December 2022, A judge in Bolivia sent Camacho to be kept in prison four months before his trial on terrorism charges. The charges are for his call for a national strike.

2019 Bolivian protests

From 21 October 2019 until late November of that year, protests and marches occurred in Bolivia in response to claims of electoral fraud in the 2019 general election of 20 October. 

After 11 November 2019 there were protests by supporters of the outgoing government in response to Jeanine Áñez becoming the acting president of Bolivia. The claims of fraud were made after the suspension of the preliminary vote count, in which incumbent Evo Morales was not leading by a large enough margin (10%) to avoid a runoff.

Eddie Tonks

Edward James Tonks ( – 18 October 2020) was a New Zealand businessman and sports administrator. He was chair of the New Zealand Rugby Football Union (NZRFU) between 1990 and 1995. He also chaired the International Rugby Board (IRB).

Tonks died at his home in Wellington on 18 October 2020, aged 85.

Naomi Klein

Naomi A. Klein (born May 8, 1970) is a Canadian author, social activist, and filmmaker. She analyses politics and criticizes capitalism. Since 2018, she has been a faculty member at Rutgers University; Her position there is "the Gloria Steinem Chair in Media, Culture, and Feminist Studies". 

Klein's "This Changes Everything: Capitalism vs. the Climate" (2014) was a "New York Times" non-fiction bestseller and won the Hilary Weston Writers' Trust Prize for Nonfiction.

Naomi Klein has a Jewish background.

List of incidents of xenophobia and racism related to the COVID-19 pandemic

The COVID-19 pandemic started in the city of Wuhan, China in December 2019. It has led to increased acts of prejudice, xenophobia, discrimination, racism and violence against people of Southeast Asian, Hispanic, East Asian, Native American, biracial and black people all over the world. With the spread of the pandemic and in formation of hotspots, like those in Asia, Europe and the Americas, discrimination against people from these hotspots was reported.

According to the Embassy of Japan in Cairo, store clerks were hesitating to serve Japanese customers. "Corona" became a new slur by which to abuse Japanese people on the street.

On 10 March 2020, an Uber driver was arrested when a viral video forcibly removing a Chinese passenger in Cairo's Maadi district. The passenger was thought to have the coronavirus. The incident caused an uproar among Egyptians when the video was uploaded. Some Egyptians visited the Chinese man in his hotel room.

Violence toward foreign people was reported during the pandemic. Some local people attacked foreign people. The attackers published a number of photos of them under social media and linked them to the Covid-19.

A video reportedly recorded in Kibera, Kenya showed an angry crowd threatening a man and woman of East Asian descent about the coronavirus. A man in the crowd shouted at the couple, "You are corona!" In the crowd, a motorcycle rider raised his hand and threatened slapping the Asian man. The couple looked angry. They began swearing toward the crowd before the video ended.

There have been instances of Wuhan natives in other provinces being turned away from hotels. Their ID numbers, home addresses and telephone numbers were deliberately leaked online. They also dealt with harassing phone calls from strangers. Many hotels or guesthouses declined people who had addresses in Wuhan. A number of hotels refused to check-in a Wuhan tour guide. She returned to Hangzhou from Singapore. One of the hotels called police to give her a health check. They then asked the police to quarantine her.

Over 100 restaurants in Hong Kong turned away customers from mainland China. One restaurant demanded that a customer produce a Hong Kong identity card to prove they weren't from the mainland.

Over 760,000 South Korean citizens signed a petition wanting the government to ban foreign tourists from entering this country. No Chinese signs have been popping up. Some businesses banned all foreigners.

There were reports of Asian people of increased racism in Belgium due to the pandemic.

Non-Western restaurants, including Chinese, Thai, Japanese and Cambodian reported not as many customers coming. The scale of the decline ranged from 30% to 50%. South Korean mass media reported an increased animosity toward South Korean nationals.

Asians in Paris reported harassment and racism.

Racism, violence and discrimination were committed against mixed race, biracial, Southeast Asian and East Asian people in Canada.

In the United States, 58% of Asian Americans and 45% of African Americans believed that racist views toward them had been committed since the pandemic. That's according to a Pew Research study.

Mark Drakeford

Mark Drakeford (born 19 September 1954) is a Welsh Labour politician. He has been First Minister of Wales and leader of the Welsh Labour Party since 2018. He served as Cabinet Secretary for Finance in the Jones Government from 2016 to 2018, Minister for Brexit from 2017 to 2018 and Minister for Health and Social Services from 2013 to 2016. Drakeford has been a member of the Senedd for Cardiff West since 2011.

Drakeford was born in Carmarthen, Carmarthenshire. He married his wife Clare ("née" Buckle) in Cambridge in 1977. The couple have three children. One of which is a sex offender who has been jailed several times for sex offences.

The Asphalt Jungle

The Asphalt Jungle is a 1950 American crime movie directed by John Huston and was based on the 1949 novel of the same name by W. R. Burnett. It stars Sterling Hayden, Louis Calhern, Jean Hagen, James Whitmore, Marc Lawrence, Marilyn Monroe, Anthony Caruso, Barry Kelley and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1951.


Gold leaf

Gold leaf is gold that has been hammered into thin sheets by goldbeating. It is often used for gilding. The most commonly used gold is 22-karat yellow gold. Layering gold leaf over a surface is called gold leafing or gilding.

Gold leaf is sometimes used in art without a gilding process. In many cultures, it was used to wrap objects such as bullae. It has been used in jewellery.

Gold leaf has traditionally been used as a gilding material to decorate art or the picture frames. Gold leaf paintings were used in mosaics in later Early Christian art. Gold leaf is also used in Buddhist art to decorate statues and symbols. Gold leafing can also be seen on domes in religious and public architecture.

Gold leaf has long been used in architecture. It was used in Byzantine and Roman churches and basilicas in 400 AD.

Gold leaf is sometimes used to decorate food or drink. It is sometimes found in desserts and confectionery. When used as a food additive, gold has the E-number E175.

Lovesick (1983 movie)

Lovesick is a 1983 American romantic fantasy comedy movie directed by Marshall Brickman and starring Dudley Moore, Elizabeth McGovern, Wallace Shawn, John Huston, Alec Guinness, Larry Rivers, David Strathairn. It was distributed by Warner Bros.


McFarland, USA

McFarland, USA is a 2015 American drama movie directed by Niki Caro and starring Kevin Costner, Maria Bello, Morgan Saylor, Elsie Fisher, Diana-Maria Riva, Vanessa Martínez, Valente Rodriguez, Natalia Cordova-Buckley. It was distributed by Walt Disney Pictures.


Mersal (movie)

Mersal () is a 2017 Indian Tamil-language action thriller movie directed and co-written by Atlee. It was produced by Thenandal Studio Limited. The movie stars Vijay with S. J. Surya, Kajal, Samantha, and Nithya Menen. Vijay is playing a triple role in this movie for the first time.

The story revolves around two brothers in which one is a magician who avenges his father's death and medical crimes. Another is a reputed doctor who takes a small amount of money from his patients.


"Mersal" was released worldwide on 18 October 2017, which coincides with the Diwali festival. Before its release, the movie faced problems regarding title issues, and censorship because, the film refused to approve NoC from the Animal Welfare Board of India for the use of few animals without permission. As a result, Central Board of Film Certification refused approval for censorship. On 16 October 2017, the film received a U/A certificate from CBFC, with few cuts after receiving NoC from AWBI.

"Mersal" received positive reviews from critics. The Times of India gave the film 3.5 out of 5 stars and said "With Mersal, we have got this year's most engaging mass masala movie. When you have a mass hero in full form like Vijay is in the film, how can things go wrong?". The Indian Express also gave 3.5 out of 5 stars and said "Atlee has not just exploited Vijay's stardom to deliver a flamboyant crowd-pleaser (which he did in Theri already) but has fleshed out an interesting script that plays up the best onscreen traits of the actor".

A. R. Rahman composed the soundtrack album and background score of "Mersal", teaming up with Vijay for the third time, after his films "Udhaya"(2004), and "Azhagiya Tamizh Magan" (2007), and his first collaboration with Atlee. The lyrics for the film were written by Vivek, who also teams up with Rahman for the first time.

Mersal

Mersal may mean:



You Won't See Me

"You Won't See Me" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was written by Paul McCartney, but listed as Lennon-McCartney. It was first released on the band's 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It is about McCartney's bad relationship with Jane Asher at the time, when she wanted to become an actress. It was recorded during a very long recording session in November 1965. Author Mark Lewisohn called this final recording session a "marathon" recording session, because it lasted all through the night. This was to make sure "Rubber Soul" was released before Christmas.

According to Ian MacDonald:



Litoria rubrops

Litoria rubrops is a frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists saw it in the Cloudy Mountains.

Nowhere Man (song)

"Nowhere Man" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on the Parlophone version of the band's 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It was released in North America as a single in 1966. It was also later released on the North American album "Yesterday and Today". The song was written by John Lennon, but listed as Lennon-McCartney. It was one of the first Beatles songs that were not about romance or love. John Lennon wrote the song about himself.

According to Ian MacDonald, the line-up on the Beatles' recording was:


Nowhere Man

Nowhere Man may mean:







Think for Yourself

"Think for Yourself" is a song by the English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on the band's 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It was written by the band's lead guitarist George Harrison. Some people think that the song tells the listener to think independantly in a political way, but it can also be seen as a love song. The song had influences from Bob Dylan. The song also has a fuzz bass played by Paul McCartney.

According to Ian MacDonald:



The Word (song)

"The Word" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on the band's 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It was written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney. Lennon said they had written it after smoking cannabis and that it was mainly his idea.



Peter F. Secchia

Peter Finley Secchia (April 15, 1937 – October 21, 2020) was an American businessman and diplomat. He served as the U.S. ambassador to Italy and San Marino from 1989 to 1993. He was a Republican.

Secchia was born in Englewood, New Jersey. He served in the United States Marine Corps from 1956 to 1959. Secchia died of COVID-19 on October 21, 2020, in Grand Rapids, Michigan. He was 83.

Michelle

Michelle may mean:




What Goes On (Beatles song)

"What Goes On" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on the band's 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It was also released as the B-side for the 1966 North American single "Nowhere Man". It also was on the North American album "Yesterday and Today". It was the only song John Lennon, Paul McCartney, and Ringo Starr wrote together.



What Goes On

What Goes On may mean:


Low

Low or LOW or lows, may mean:








Danger Mouse (2015)

Danger Mouse is a children’s animated television series. It is remake of an original series from the 20th century.


Vark

Vark is a super fine filigree foil sheet of pure metals. It is usually made of silver but sometimes gold. It is used to decorate South Asian sweets and food. It is also placed on saffroned rice to make it look more appetising. The silver and gold are edible and flavorless. Varak is made by pounding silver into sheets a few micrometres (μm) thick. It breaks easily into smaller pieces if touched. Vark sheets are laid or rolled over some South Asian sweets, confectionery, dry fruits and spices.

Goldbeating

Goldbeating is the process of hammering gold into an very thin gold leaf for use in gilding. 5,000 years ago, Egyptian artisans became the first goldbeaters and gilders. They pounded gold using a round stone to make the thinnest gold leaf possible.

Love Is News

Love Is News is a 1937 American comedy movie directed by Tay Garnett and starring Tyrone Power, Loretta Young, Don Ameche, George Sanders, Dudley Digges, Pauline Moore, Jane Darwell. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was remade in 1948 as "That Wonderful Urge".


Litoria chloristona

Litoria chloristona is a frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists saw it near the Kikori River, from seal level to 500 meters above sea level. They aloso saw it in Port Essington, Australia.

The adult male frog is about 19.6 to 23.8 mm long from nose to rear end and the adult female is 23.7 to 27.4 mm long. It has large eyes and a pointy nose. Its back is bright green and can have bronze on its sides.

The female frog lays eggs in water that does not move. The eggs float to the surface of the water. The tadpoles have wide fins on their backs and narrow fins on their bellies. They have bands of color.

The name "chloristona" comes from the Greek words "chloros" for "green," "elaschistos" for "small," and "ontos" for "living thing."

C dynamic memory allocation

In the C programming language, dynamic memory allocation refers to allocating memory during a program's run time. Dynamically allocated memory is obtained from a storage pool called a heap. A group of functions in the C standard library are typically used for dynamic memory allocation.

C dynamic memory allocation functions are defined in "stdlib.h" header.


The C language does not by default check that the calls to these functions, or the accesses to the arrays they create, are used correctly. If the program does something invalid, such as accessing memory beyond what has been allocated, or using memory that has been freed, this can cause the program to crash or to behave in some other undesirable way. In some cases, improper use of these functions can create security vulnerabilities that allow hackers to read or modify sensitive data or run malicious code.

int *array = malloc(10 * sizeof(int));
free(array);

Tom Yewcic

Thomas J. Yewcic (May 9, 1932 – October 21, 2020) was an American football quarterback and punter and Major League Baseball player. In football, he played from 1961 to 1966 with the Boston Patriots of the American Football League (AFL). In baseball, he played one game for the Detroit Tigers in 1957.

Yewcic was born in Conemaugh, Pennsylvania. He died on October 21, 2020 at the age of 88.

Conemaugh Township, Cambria County, Pennsylvania

Conemaugh Township is a township in Cambria County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 1,941 at the 2020 census. It is part of the Johnstown, Pennsylvania Metropolitan Statistical Area.

CMYK color model

The CMYK color model is a subtractive color model, based on the CMY color model, used in color printing. CMYK refers to the four inks used in printing: cyan, magenta, yellow, and key (black).

The CMYK model is subtractive. It means that it "subtracts" or masks colors from white background of the paper. The ink reduces the reflected light. White light minus red leaves cyan, white light minus green leaves magenta, and white light minus blue leaves yellow.

White is the natural color of the paper, while black results from a full combination of colored inks. To save cost on ink, and to produce deeper black tones, unsaturated and dark colors are produced by using black ink instead of pure mix of cyan, magenta, and yellow.

The "black" produced by mixing usual cyan, magenta, and yellow inks is actually a dark grey color. So, modern four-color printing uses black ink in addition to the subtractive primary colors. Common reasons for using black ink include:



Naini Narshimha Reddy

Nayini Narsimha Reddy (12 May 1944 – 22 October 2020) was an Indian politician. He was the first Home Minister of Telangana from 2014 to 2018. He was a member of the Telangana Legislative Assembly between 2004 until his death. Reddy was born in Devarakonda, Telangana.

In September 2020, Reddy was tested positive for COVID-19. He died from respiratory failure on 22 October 2020 at a Hyderabad hospital, aged 76.

Arolde de Oliveira

Arolde de Oliveira (11 March 1937 – 21 October 2020) was a Brazilian politician. He was born in São Luiz Gonzaga, Rio Grande do Sul. 

He was a member of the Liberal Front Party and Social Christian Party. Between 1984 to 2019, he was a member of the Chamber of Deputies. Between 2019 until his death, he was a member of the Brazilian Senate.

Oliveira died on 21 October 2020 from COVID-19 at a hospital in Rio de Janeiro, aged 83.

Paul Leduc

Paul Leduc (11 March 1942 – 21 October 2020) was a Mexican movie director. He was born in Mexico City. His career began in 1968. Leduc was known for directing "" (1973) and "Frida Still Life" (1983).

Leduc died on 21 October 2020 from problems caused by chronic obstructive pulmonary disease in Mexico City, aged 78.

Jackson L. Kiser

Jackson L. Kiser (June 24, 1929 – October 21, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was born in Welch, West Virginia. From 1981 until his death, he was a Judge on the District Court for the Western District of Virginia. From 1993 to 1997, he was Chief Judge. He was nominated to the court by President Ronald Reagan.

Kiser died on October 21, 2020 in Danville, Virginia at the age of 91.

Welch, West Virginia

Welch is a city located in McDowell County in the U.S. state of West Virginia, United States. The population was 3,590 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of McDowell County.

Healy, Alaska

Healy is a census-designated place (CDP) in Alaska. It is the borough seat of Denali Borough. In 2020, 966 people lived there.

Gordon Riots

The Gordon Riots were mass rioting in London, England in 1780.

The riots started as a non-violent protest. In 1778 Parliament had passed the Catholic Relief Act, which stopped some oppression of people who practised the Roman Catholic Christian religion. For example, it said Catholics could join the army without saying an oath that was against their religion. British people who practised the Protestant religion did not like that. In 1780, Lord Gordon said Parliament should repeal (take back) that law.

People who agreed with Gordon put blue cockade decorations in their hats and marched across London Bridge. Then they saw some Lords and called them names and attacked their carriages. Then they found some Roman Catholic churches and set them on fire.

Frank Horvat

Frank Horvat (28 April 1928 – 21 October 2020) was an Croatian-French photographer. He was best known for his fashion photography, published between the mid 1950s and the late 1980s. 

Horvat's photographic opus includes photojournalism, portraiture, landscape, nature, and sculpture.

In 1988, he produced a book of interviews with fellow photographers such as Don McCullin, Robert Doisneau, Sarah Moon, Helmut Newton, and Marc Riboud.

Horvat died in October 2020 at the age of 92.


Mario Henderson

Mario Henderson (October 29, 1984 – October 21, 2020) was an American football offensive tackle. He spent the first four years of his career with the Oakland Raiders between 2007 to 2010. He also played for the San Diego Chargers in 2012. Henderson was born in Fort Myers, Florida.

Henderson died on October 21, 2020 at the age of 35.

Aldo Zargani

Aldo Zargani (7 August 1933 – 18 October 2020) was an Italian Jewish writer and educator. He was born in Turin, Italy. He started writing in his early sixties: his first and best-known book, "Per violino solo" ("For Solo Violin"), appeared in 1995. He wrote about Italian Jews with essays, lectures, and school visits. He was a Holocaust survivor.

Zargani died on 18 October 2020 in Rome, aged 87.

Deanna Demuzio

Deanna Demuzio (February 23, 1943 – October 20, 2020) was a Democratic politician. She was a member of the Illinois Senate between 2004 to 2011. From 2013 until her death, she was Mayor of Carlinville, Illinois.

Demuzio died on October 20, 2020 in Carlinville at the age of 77.


Järvsöfaks

Järvsöfaks (23 June 1994 – 19 October 2020) was a Swedish trotter. He held the current coldblood trotter's world record in wins, consecutive wins (42), and the coldblood trotter world record time, 1:17.9 per kilometre. 

Järvsöfaks was driven and trained by Jan-Olov Persson. 

Järvsöfaks died on 19 October 2020 in Hudiksvall, Sweden, aged 26.

Chet &quot;JR&quot; White

Chet "JR" White (1979/1980 – October 18, 2020) was an American record producer, rock musician and mix engineer. He was a member of the indie rock band Girls until their disbandment in 2012. He produced the album "Goon" by Tobias Jesso Jr. and "Sob Story" by the Spectrals. White was born in Santa Cruz, California.

White died of a heart attack on October 18, 2020 in Santa Cruz, aged 40.


Agostino Giuseppe Delfino

Agostino Giuseppe Delfino (17 June 1935 – 18 October 2020) was an Italian-born Central African Republic Roman Catholic bishop. Delfino was born in Arenzano, Italy. He was ordained to the priesthood in 1959. He served as bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Berbérati, Central African Republic from 1991 to 2010.

Delfino died on 18 October 2020 in Savona, Italy at the age of 85.

Arenzano

Arenzano is a coastal town and "comune" in the Metropolitan City of Genoa, Liguria, northern Italy, facing the Ligurian Sea. , it has a population of 11,445.

Metropolitan City of Genoa

The Metropolitan City of Genoa () is one of the fourteen Metropolitan cities of Italy, located in the region of Liguria. Its capital is the city of Genoa. It replaced the Province of Genoa. 

Savona

Savona () is a seaport and "comune "in the west part of the northern Italian region of Liguria, capital of the Province of Savona, in the Riviera di Ponente on the Mediterranean Sea.

OSIRIS-REx

OSIRIS-REx (Origins, Spectral Interpretation, Resource Identification, Security, Regolith Explorer) was a NASA asteroid-study and sample-return mission. 

The mission collected samples from 101955 Bennu, a carbonaceous near-Earth asteroid, and returned the samples to earth in September 2023. 

The material returned is expected to enable scientists to learn more about the formation and evolution of the Solar System, its initial stages of planet formation, and the source of organic compounds that led to the formation of life on Earth.

OSIRIS-REx is the first United States spacecraft to return samples from an asteroid.

Pan-Slavism

Pan-Slavism is a political idea. It originated in the 19th century. Pan-Slavism is an ideology that seeks to unify all Slavic countries into one nation.

Louise Renaud

Louise Renaud (August 3, 1922 – October 21, 2020) was a Canadian artist. She was born in Montreal. She worked with Les Automatistes. Renaud was also a governess for the children of art dealer Pierre Matisse, the son of Henri Matisse.

She was one of the signatories on Paul-Émile Borduas's Refus Global.

Renaud died on October 21, 2020 in Berkeley, California at the age of 98.

Girl (Beatles song)

"Girl" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on the band's 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It was written by John Lennon, but listed as Lennon–McCartney. It is a sad love song.

According to Ian MacDonald, except as noted:



Jeanne Renaud

Jeanne Renaud (born August 27, 1928) is a Canadian dancer, choreographer and artistic director. She is thought to be one of the founders of modern dance in Quebec. She was born in Montreal.

She went on to study with Merce Cunningham, Hanya Holm and Mary Anthony in New York City. In 1948, she gave a recital with Françoise Sullivan in Montreal. She taught dance in Paris from 1949 to 1954. In 1952, she joined with Les Automatistes.

From 1959 to 1965, she was associated with Françoise Riopelle at the École de Danse Moderne de Montréal as dancer, teacher and choreographer. In 1966, she founded Le Groupe de la Place Royale.

She was awarded the Prix Denise-Pelletier in 1989 and, in 1995, the Governor General's Award for the Performing Arts.

In 1998, she was named to the Order of Canada.

Dariusz Gnatowski

Dariusz Gnatowski (24 May 1961 – 20 October 2020) was a Polish actor. He was born in Ruda Śląska, Poland. His career began in 1983. He was known for his roles in "Demons of War" (1998), "With Fire and Sword" (1999) but mostly for his role as Boczek in the sitcom "Świat według Kiepskich".

Gnatowski died on 20 October 2020 in Krakow, Poland, aged 59.

Launch on warning

Launch on warning (LOW) is a strategy of using nuclear weapons that gained recognition during the Cold War between the United States and the Soviet Union. Launch on warning became an important part of mutually assured destruction (MAD) theory as a result of the invention of intercontinental ballistic missiles (ICBMs). Under the LOW strategy, nuclear weapons are launched as retaliation upon receiving warning signs of an enemy nuclear attack, even while the incoming missiles are still in the air and before detonation occurs. U.S. land-based missiles can reportedly be launched
within five minutes of a presidential decision to do so, and submarine-based missiles can be launched within 15 minutes.

Navajo Nation

The Navajo Nation () is an American Indian territory covering about , such as parts of northeastern Arizona, southeastern Utah, and northwestern New Mexico in the United States. 

This is the largest land area owned by an indigenous tribe in the United States, with a population of 173,667 as of 2010.

The current President of the Navajo Nation is Jonathan Nez since 2019.

President of the Navajo Nation

The President of the Navajo Nation () is the head of government of the Navajo Nation. The office was created in 1991 following restructuring of the national government. The president and vice president are elected every four years, and can only serve two terms in office.

Code talker

A code talker was a person who was hired by the United States military during wartime to use a little-known language as a means of secret communication through codes. The term is now usually known with United States service members during the World Wars who used their knowledge of Native American languages.

About 400 to 500 Native Americans in the United States Marine Corps whose primary job was to transmit secret tactical messages. 

The code talkers improved the speed of encryption and decryption of communications in front line operations during World War II.

Native soldiers developed two types of Native American Code Talking (NACT). First developed by Choctaw in World War I, Type one NACT contained coded vocabulary, collections of words or phrases that were assigned to military subjects, within their languages. Type two NACT simply used existing Native languages. Both forms worked as codes because they were based on languages unknown to the enemy and, as the new codes were not based on mathematical processes as found in most code and cipher systems, the enemy had nothing to which to compare them.

During World War II, Comanche soldiers created about 250 coded terms, while Navajo soldiers eventually developed more than 700 terms. Many terms were based on everyday things in the tribal communities such as animals, food, material items and descriptions. Examples of code terms include the Comanche terms for tank (“wakaree’e” or “turtle”) and telephone exchange (“puhihwi tekwapu kahni” or “metal talking house”); the Hopi terms for ship (“pa-a-ki-hu” or “houses on water”) and the M-1 rifle (mouth and one); and the Navajo term for grenade (“ni-ma-si” or “potatoes”). A 1941 edition of the journal “The Masterkey” reports that one of the tribes in the Chippewa and Oneida group developed terms based on the colors of military hat cords and other insignia, with the Native word for “blue” meaning infantry, “yellow” meaning cavalry and “red” for artillery. The Comanche even had a code name for Adolf Hitler—“Po’sa taiboo’” (Crazy White Man). Hopi, Meskwaki and Canadian Cree also had specially devised code terms, although the number is unknown.

Eight Hopi code talkers were in the 81st Division. Although Frank Chapella, Franklin Shupla and Warren Koopyaquaptewa were all from the village of Tewa, they were both Tewa and Hopi and so spoke both of these tribes’ languages. Frank Chapella’s wife, Elidia Chapella, and his son, Marshall Shupla, recall how these three individuals spoke to one another in Tewa (their matrilineal classification through their mothers) and in Hopi with the other five members of their unit.

Some Type one NACT groups like the Comanche and Navajo also developed alphabet systems, using the first letter of English words translated from Native words to spell out names of individuals and locations. For example, the translation of the Comanche words for pear, ant, rain, ice and snake could be combined to convey “Paris.” While the Comanche used an open system by using any word that translated to the desired letter, the Navajo developed a set vocabulary, such as “wol-la-chee” (ant) for the letter a, “shush” (bear) for b, “moasi” (cat) for c and so on. Later they developed three interchangeable words for each English letter. Both systems prevented repetition and inhibited breaking of the code.

One of the benefits of using these codes derived from Native language was open-air messages could be sent faster, often in one to two minutes compared to existing encryption methods requiring up to four hours to craft, communicate and decode. NACT messages were typically brief—usually less than three lines—to avoid creating radio congestion, drawing enemy attention, providing repetition or giving the enemy more transmissions to analyze. “Whenever we sent a message it was short, sweet and to the point,” Comanche code talker Roderick Red Elk noted.

Because of the speed of their communications, code talkers were especially important in relaying information and conveying orders that needed immediate implementation or response, such as troop movement, enemy resistance, evacuation of wounded and directing artillery, ammunition and other supplies. “It was in these defensive positions where you used it quite a bit,” Comanche code talker Forrest Kassanavoid said. “All critical information, something they felt was really top secret, was in Comanche.”

During 1943 and 1944, U.S. Army, Navy and Marine Corps representatives considered increasing their numbers of American Indian code talkers. However, Army and Navy leaders were skeptical the code talkers’ messages were secure and decided not to expand their units. The Marine Corps expressed optimism but kept silent about its growing program.

Despite these decisions, several Army and Army Air Forces units each had small groups of Native communicators. In the Pacific, seven Lakota soldiers in the 302nd Reconnaissance Troop became known as “MacArthur’s Boys,” while the 5th Bomb Command in the 5th Army Air Force had a radio net of 15 Native Americans who sent radio communications in Acoma-Laguna, Apache, Crow, Hopi, Lakota and other Native languages. In the Pacific, the Navajo, the largest group of code talkers, served in every major campaign, from the Battle of Guadalcanal in the Solomon Islands from August 1942 to February 1943 to the Battle of Okinawa, which lasted from April to June 1945.


Jonathan Nez

Jonathan Nez (born May 26, 1975) is the 9th and current president of the Navajo Nation. He was elected President of the Navajo Nation on November 6, 2018.

At 43 years of age, Nez is the youngest person to have ever been elected President of the Navajo Nation.

Tuba City, Arizona

Tuba City is an unincorporated town in Coconino County, Arizona, on Navajo lands, in the United States. It is the second-largest community in Coconino County. The population of the census-designated place (CDP) was 8,072 at the 2020 census. It is the Navajo Nation's largest community, slightly larger than Shiprock, New Mexico.

Joe Shirley Jr.

Joe Shirley Jr. (born December 4, 1947) is a Navajo politician. He is the only two-term President of the Navajo Nation. He was president from 2003 to 2011.

Chinle, Arizona

Chinle is a census-designated place (CDP) in Apache County, Arizona, United States. 

The name in Navajo means "flowing out" and is a reference to the location where the water flows out of the Canyon de Chelly. 

The population was 4,573 at the 2020 census.

Russell Begaye

Russell Begaye is a Navajo politician. He was the 8th president of Navajo Nation from May 2015 to January 2019. He was elected to the office on April 4, 2015 and was sworn in on May 12, 2015.

Ben Shelly

Ben Shelly (July 6, 1947 – March 22, 2023) was the 7th one term President of the Navajo Nation. Shelly was the first President to have been elected both President and Vice President of the Navajo Nation. He was also the first New Mexican Navajo to hold the Navajo Presidency.

Shelly died on March 22, 2023, at the age of 75.

Thoreau, New Mexico

Thoreau is a census-designated place (CDP) in McKinley County, New Mexico, United States. The population was 2,367 at the 2020 census.

Milton Bluehouse Sr.

Milton Bluehouse Sr. (February 29, 1936 – January 14, 2019) was the fourth President of the Navajo Nation from 1998 to 1999. 

Ganado, Arizona

Ganado is a chapter of the Navajo Nation and census-designated place (CDP) in Apache County, Arizona, United States. The population was 883 at the 2020 census.

Kelsey Begaye

Kelsey A. Begaye (January 7, 1951 – August 13, 2021) was an American politician. He was elected the fifth president of the Navajo Nation in November 1998. In 2002, he lost to Joe Shirley Jr. in his bid for reelection.

Kaibito, Arizona

Kaibito is a census-designated place (CDP) in Coconino County, Arizona, United States. The population was 1,540 at the 2020 census.

Albert Hale

Albert A. Hale (March 13, 1950 – February 2, 2021) was an American Democratic politician and lawyer. He was the Arizona State Senator for District 2 from January 2004 to 2011. He served in the Arizona House of Representatives from 2011 to 2017.

Hale was elected the second Navajo Nation President in late 1994 by the consent of the Navajo people, serving until 1998. He resigned after being charged with over 50 felonies and misdemeanors for theft and bribery.

Hale died on February 2, 2021 from COVID-19 in Saint Michaels, Arizona at the age of 70. 

St. Michaels, Arizona

St. Michaels is a chapter of the Navajo Nation and a census-designated place (CDP) in Apache County, Arizona, United States. 

The population was 1,384 at the 2020 census.

São Luiz Gonzaga

São Luiz Gonzaga (Portuguese for St. Aloysius Gonzaga) is a municipality of the state of Rio Grande do Sul, Brazil. The population is 35,193 (2015 est.) in an area of 1295,68 km².

Abella Danger

Abella Danger (born November 19, 1995) is an American pornographic actress and model. She was born in Miami, Florida. 

Abella Danger made her pornography debut in July 2014 for Bang Bros Starring Joe Marfoe, Dylan Majcrowvitch and Jake Rezsewitcx with special guest Kyle Matchen She has appeared in about 1010 credited scenes. She has appeared in mainstream news media other than adult news media. This includes the websites "Elite Daily" and "International Business Times". 

In 2018, "Fortune" said she was one of the most popular and in-demand performers in the pornographic business.

Abella belongs to a Jewish-Ukrainian family. She started training in ballet when she was only three years old. 


Johnny Sins

Steven Wolfe (born December 31, 1978), known professionally as Johnny Sins, is an American pornographic actor, director, and YouTuber. He is known for his shaved head and muscular body. He is one of the most popular pornography searches. He was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania.


CMY color model

CMY color model is a color model, used in color printing. CMY refers to the three inks used in printing: cyan, magenta, and yellow.

The CMY model is subtractive. It means that it "subtracts" or masks colors from white background of the paper. The ink reduces the reflected light. White light minus red leaves cyan, white light minus green leaves magenta, and white light minus blue leaves yellow.

White is the natural color of the paper, while (nearly) black is made by a full combination of colored inks. 

Unlike CMYK color model, it does not use additional black ink. So, it is not such economic and not so good at reproducing dark hues.



Ezequiel Barco

Esequiel Omar Barco (born 29 March 1999) is an Argentine professional footballer who plays as an attacking midfielder and winger for Argentine Primera División club River Plate, on loan from Major League Soccer club Atlanta United.

Independiente

Atlanta United

River Plate

Individual

Greek Americans

Greek Americans (, "Ellinoamerikanoi") are Americans of full or partial Greek ancestry. Over 2.5 million Americans are of Greek descent. 350,000 people older than five spoke Greek at home in 2010.

Finnish Americans

Finnish Americans ( ) comprise Americans with ancestral roots from Finland or Finnish people who emigrated to and reside in the United States. The Finnish American population numbers a little bit more than 650,000.

Notes

Hawaiian Pidgin

Hawaiian Pidgin, known locally as Pidgin, is a creole language from Hawaii. It is based off of English, but is mixed with other languages like Hawaiian, Japanese, Ilocano, Chinese, Portuguese, etc. It is spoken by many Hawaii locals, though many also speak standard English. The original Hawaiian language is spoken by some.

Hawaiian Pidgin can largely be understood by English speakers, and many Pidgin speakers mix Pidgin with English. While many Hawaii locals see Pidgin as a dialect, it has recently been seen as a language by the US government.

Protoplanetary disk

A protoplanetary disk is a rotating circumstellar disc of dense gas and dust surrounding a young star that has just formed. Protoplanetary disks have radii up to 1000 AU. Protoplanetary disks have been seen around several young stars in our galaxy.

Protoplanetary disks are thought to be thin structures. They have mass that is much smaller than the young star in the center.

Josie and the Pussycats (movie)

Josie and the Pussycats is a 2001 musical comedy movie based on the Archie Comics group of the same name. It was released by Universal and didn't do well at the box office. It became a cult movie.


Super Smash Bros. Ultimate

Super Smash Bros. Ultimate (commonly known as SSBU or Ultimate) is the fifth video game in the "Super Smash Bros." series. It was made by Sora Ltd. and Bandai Namco and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo Switch video game console.

All of the characters that appeared in the first four games return in "Ultimate". "Ultimate" also adds new characters, including Splatoon's Inklings and Metroid's Ridley. Eleven characters are currently available as downloadable content.


Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy

Crash Bandicoot N. Sane Trilogy is a platform video game that was published by Activision. It serves as a remaster and remake of the first three Crash games: "Crash Bandicoot", "" and "".


Watchmen (movie)

Watchmen is a 2009 superhero movie based on the acclaimed graphic novel by Alan Moore.


Guardians of the Galaxy (movie)

Guardians of the Galaxy is a 2014 science fiction superhero movie based on the Marvel team of the same name and directed by James Gunn. It was an unexpected success at the box office and had great reviews. It is the tenth movie of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.


Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2

Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2 is a 2017 science fiction superhero movie directed by James Gunn and a sequel to the 2014 movie "Guardians of the Galaxy".


Jack-Jack Attack

Jack-Jack Attack is a 2005 animated short movie set in the events of "The Incredibles".


Kari, a babysitter is telling about her experience with Jack-Jack Parr to Rick Decker. After she told all of her memories to him, she wished she would forget them. Rick uses a device to wipe her memories.

I'm Looking Through You

"I'm Looking Through You" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on the band's 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It was written by Paul McCartney, but is listed as Lennon-McCartney. McCartney wrote the song about Jane Asher, who was his girlfriend for a lot of the 1960s.

According to authors Jean-Michel Guesdon and Philippe Margotin except where noted:


Princess Fiona

Princess Fiona is a female character of the Shrek franchise. She is voiced by Cameron Diaz. She does not appear in William Steig's original picture book of the same name.

Princess Fiona of Far Far Away was born as the only child to King Harold and Queen Lilian. A witch cast a spell on her, making her transform into an ogre every night and revert back to a human every morning. Because of this, she was locked away by the Fairy Godmother at the Dragon's Keep until Shrek rescued her.

Outer Space Treaty

The Outer Space Treaty is a treaty that forms the basis of international space law. As of June 2020, 110 countries are parties to the treaty. Another 23 have signed the treaty but have not completed ratification. It does not allow the placing of nuclear weapons in space. It establishes that space shall be free for exploration and use by all nations, but that no nation may claim sovereignty of outer space or any celestial body.

Shredder (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles)

Shredder is the main antagonist of the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" franchise and the turtles' archenemy.

Shredder has been played by Brian Tee in movies based on TMNT.

Beerus

Beerus is a fictional god from "Dragon Ball Super". He resembles a purple cat and is accompanied by his teacher Whis. Beerus is known as the God of Destruction. He earned the name after lots of training. 

He is very powerful but can also be lazy with a love for food. Beerus's design is based off of Dragon Ball creator Akira Toriyama's pet sphynx cat Debo.

Open Mobile Alliance

The Open Mobile Alliace is an organization that develops standards for mobile phones and mobile networks. It is supported by ITU among others. Examples of standards they developed include Multimedia Messaging Service (commonly known as MMS) or the Wireless Application Protocol (WAP).

Everett's Timor tree frog

Everett's Timor tree frog ("Litoria everetii") is a tree frog from Indonesia. People have seen on the Sunda Islands as high as 1500 meters above sea level.

Authoritarianism

A government is called authoritarian if it has a strong central government, and rejects the ideas of pluralism. It is between democracy on one side, and totalitarianism on the other. 

Monarchies sometimes fit this pattern. As of 2020, examples of countries with authoritarian regimes include the People's Republic of China, Angola, the Republic of the Congo, Laos, Nicaragua and Russia. Several states on the Persian Gulf, such as Saudi Arabia, Oman or Qatar also fit this pattern. However, North Korea is considered totalitarian.

States such as these use strong central power to keep the political status from changing. There are reductions in the rule of law, separation of powers, and democratic voting.

Roy Beldam

Sir Alexander Roy Asplin Beldam, PC (29 March 1925 – 16 October 2020) was a British judge. He was Lord Justice of Appeal in England and Wales from 1989 until 2000. He was also a Bencher of the Inner Temple.

He died on 16 October 2020 at the age of 95.

Bill Mathis

Bill Mathis (December 10, 1938 – October 20, 2020) was an American college and professional football player. He played for the New York Jets between 1960 to 1969. Mathis was born in Rocky Mount, North Carolina. After his sports career, he became a Wall Street executive.

Mathis died on October 20, 2020 at the age of 81.

Matt Blair

Matthew Albert Blair (September 20, 1950 – October 22, 2020) was an American football player. He was an outside linebacker for the Minnesota Vikings of the National Football League (NFL) for all 12 seasons of his career from 1974 to 1985. Blair was born in Hilo, Hawaii.

Blair died on October 22, 2020 from problems caused by chronic traumatic encephalopathy in Minneapolis, Minnesota at the age of 70.

Mike Webster

Michael Lewis Webster (March 18, 1952September 24, 2002) was an American professional football player. He was a center in the National Football League (NFL) from 1974 to 1990 with the Pittsburgh Steelers and Kansas City Chiefs. He is a member of the Pro Football Hall of Fame. He was born in Tomahawk, Wisconsin.

Webster was the first former NFL player diagnosed with chronic traumatic encephalopathy (CTE). Since his death, he has become a symbol for head injuries in the NFL and the ongoing debate over player safety.

Webster died in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania on September 24, 2002 at the age of 50 of a heart attack caused by CTE.

Tomahawk, Wisconsin

Tomahawk is a city in Lincoln County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 3,346 at the 2010 census. The city is located to the northeast of the Town of Tomahawk.

Merrill, Wisconsin

Merrill is a city in and the county seat of Lincoln County, Wisconsin, United States. It is located to the south of and adjacent to the Town of Merrill. The population was 9,661, according to the 2010 census. 

Merrill (town), Wisconsin

Merrill is a town in Lincoln County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 2,979 at the 2000 census.

Tomahawk (town), Wisconsin

Tomahawk is a town in Lincoln County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 439 at the 2000 census.

Wake Up and Live

Wake Up and Live is a 1937 American musical movie directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Walter Wichell, Alice Faye, Ben Bernie, Patsy Kelly, Ned Sparks, Joan Davis. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was based on the novel of the same name by Dorothea Brande.

Gordon Astall

Gordon Astall (22 September 1927 – 21 October 2020) was an English professional footballer. He played as an outside right, and represented the Football League, the England B team and the full England side. 

In later life, he was diagnosed with dementia. He died in October 2020 at the age of 93.

Plymouth Argyle
Birmingham City

Giorgio Bernini

Giorgio Bernini (9 November 1928 – 21 October 2020) was an Italian jurist, academic and politician. He was the father of Anna Maria Bernini. Bernini was born in Bologna, Italy. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies between 1994 to 1996. 

Bernini died on 21 October 2020 in Bologna at the age of 91.

Mo'Nique

Monique Angela Hicks (née Imes; born December 11, 1967), known professionally as Mo'Nique, is an American comedian and actress. She was born in Glen Burnie, Maryland. She is known for her role as Nicole "Nikki" Parker in the UPN series "The Parkers" from 1999 to 2004 and as Mary Lee Johnston in "Precious," for which she won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actress. In 2002, she won a Grammy Award.

Precious (movie)

Precious: Based on the Novel 'Push' by Sapphire, or simply Precious, is a 2009 American drama movie directed and co-produced by Lee Daniels. The script was written by Geoffrey S. Fletcher. It is based from the 1996 novel "Push" by Sapphire. 

The movie stars Gabourey Sidibe, Mo'Nique, Paula Patton, and Mariah Carey. The movie had strong reviews when it was released on November 6, 2009.

Sapphire (author)

Ramona Lofton (born August 4, 1950), better known by her pen name Sapphire, is an American author and performance poet. She is known for her 1996 novel "Push", which later became an Academy Award-nominated movie titled "Precious" (2009).


David Barnes (sailor)

David John Barnes (27 April 1958 – 23 October 2020) was a New Zealand America's Cup sailor. He was born in Wellington, New Zealand. He skippered the KZ1 yacht which lost to the United States in the 1988 America's Cup race.

Barnes was diagnosed with multiple sclerosis in 2010. He died on 23 October 2020 in Wilmington from the disease, aged 62.

Allan Migi

Allan Rirme Migi (1960 – 22 October 2020) was a Papua New Guinean bishop. He was archbishop and primate of the Anglican Church of Papua New Guinea from 3 September 2017 to 11 May 2020. He was Bishop of the New Guinea Islands between 2000 and 2017.

Migi resigned on 11 May 2020 due to ill health. He died on 22 October 2020 at his home village, Gasmata, in the Western Province.

Viola Smith

Viola Smith (née Schmitz; November 29, 1912 – October 21, 2020) was an American drummer. She was best known for her work in orchestras, swing bands, and popular music from the 1920s until 1975. She was one of the first professional female drummers. She was born in Mount Calvary, Wisconsin.

Smith died on October 21, 2020 in Costa Mesa, California at the age of 107. The cause of death was problems caused by Alzheimer's disease.

Mount Calvary, Wisconsin

Mount Calvary is a village in Fond du Lac County, Wisconsin, United States. The population was 762 at the 2010 census.

Constantin Frosin

Constantin Frosin (12 October 1952 – 10 October 2020) was a Romanian-French writer and translator. He was born in Herăstrău, Romanian People's Republic. Frosin was a member of the Writers' Union of Romania, the Romanian Haiku Society, the Association des Épidémiologistes de Langue Française, and PEN International.

Frosin died on 10 October 2020 in Galați, Romania, just two days before his 68th birthday.

Gerald Gardner (scriptwriter)

Gerald Clifford Gardner (July 22, 1929 – October 11, 2020) was an American author, scriptwriter, screenwriter, comics writer, story editor and producer. He was active in the 1960s, 1970s, and 1980s. He was known for writing the screenplay for the Disney movie "The World's Greatest Athlete" and the television series "Get Smart".

Gardner died October 11, 2020 of lung cancer in Woodland Hills, California, aged 91.

Filament (astronomy)

A filament is hierarchical clustering of very many galaxies due to quantum mechanical fluctuations

The Redhead and the Cowboy

The Redhead and the Cowboy is a 1951 American western movie directed by Leslie Fenton and starring Glenn Ford, Rhonda Fleming, Edmond O'Brien, Alan Reed, Morris Ankrum, Edith Evanson, Jeff York. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures.

Mimlu Sen

Mimlu Sen (born 1949) is an Indian author, translator, musician, composer and producer.

Sen was born in Shillong, Meghalaya, India. During the 1960s and 1970s she studying in Kolkata and participating in street protests demanding an end of Vietnam War. She has been jailed for Naxalite movement.

Sen was published her first book "Baulsphere" in 2009. The following year it was published as "The Honey Gatherers". Piers Moore Ede stated that "The Honey Gatherers" recounts Sen's adventures in rural Bengal.

As the life partner of Bengali baul musician Paban Das Baul, Sen collaborates with Paban on all his recordings, performing with and managing his group on their concert tours around the world. In 2002 she collaborates in a Bengali song album titled "Le Chant Des Bauls - Manuche O Rautan" with Paban Das Baul, Gour Khyapa and Nimai Goswami which was released by Brussels based Belgian record company Fonti Musicali.




Scylla serrata

Scylla serrata is a type of crab. It is often called a mud crab or mangrove crab or black crab. It is found in Africa, Australasia and Asia. It lives in estuaries and mangroves.

"Scylla serrata" is found from South Africa to Sri Lanka to the Southeast Asian Archipelago. It is found from southern Japan to south-eastern Australia, northern New Zealand, and as far east as Fiji and Samoa. The species has also been introduced to Hawaii and Florida.

Johnny Doesn't Live Here Any More

Johnny Doesn't Live Here Any More is a 1944 American romantic comedy movie directed by Joe May and was based on short stories. It stars Simone Simon, James Ellison, Minna Gombell, Chick Chandler, Robert Mitchum, Dorothy Granger, Janet Shaw and was distributed by Monogram Pictures.

Boxing at the Youth Olympic Games

Boxing has featured as a sport at the Youth Olympic Summer Games since its first edition in 2010. The Youth Olympic Games are multi-sport event and the games are held every four years just like the Olympic Games. 



Maude Apatow

Maude Annabelle Apatow (; born December 15, 1997) is an American actress. She is the eldest daughter of moviemaker Judd Apatow and actress Leslie Mann. She is currently starring as Lexi Howard in the HBO drama series "Euphoria" (2019–present).

Apatow was born on December 15, 1997 in Los Banos, California. Her mother is actress Leslie Mann and her father is director, producer and screenwriter Judd Apatow.


Boxing at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics

Boxing at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics was held from 14 to 18 October at the Oceania Pavilion in Buenos Aires, Argentina.


Wrestling at the Youth Olympic Games

Wrestling has featured as a sport at the Youth Olympic Summer Games since its first edition in 2010. The Youth Olympic Games are multi-sport event and the games are held every four years just like the Olympic Games. 



Wrestling at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics

Wrestling at the 2018 Summer Youth Olympics was held from 12 to 14 October. The events took place at the Asia Pavilion in Buenos Aires, Argentina.


Acoustic foam

Acoustic foam is a type of foam used for acoustic treatment. It makes sound waves in the air weaker, thereby reducing their amplitude. It is used to reduce or control noise. Acoustic foams are typically softer and more lightweight than their sound blocking foams. The open and flexible cell structure of acoustic foam acts as a natural soundwave absorber and prevents noises from reverberating off hard surfaces like walls, floors and ceilings. It does this by converting existing sound energy to heat and reducing the ability of soundwaves to bounce back into the room. Depending on how it's used, this type of foam can also enhance the acoustics within a room. Sound absorbing foam cut into pyramid or wedge shapes can be used to manipulate vibrations in a way that improves sound quality.

Acoustic foam can be attached to walls, ceilings, doors, and other places in a room to control noise levels, vibration, and echoes.

Many acoustic foam products are treated with dyes and/or fire retardants.

Hypnospace Outlaw

Hypnospace Outlaw is a 2019 simulation video game developed by Tendershoot and published by No More Robots. Set in an alternate history 1999, the game takes place inside a parody of the early Internet and its culture that users visit in their sleep called Hypnospace. The player takes on the role of an "Enforcer" for the in-game company Merchantsoft, creator of Hypnospace. They act as a moderator, removing illegal content, copyright violations, viruses, and cyberbullying by users on the service. In the process, the player engages in detective work and puzzle-solving. It was released for Windows, macOS, and Linux in March 2019. It was released on Nintendo Switch, PlayStation 4, and Xbox One in August 2020.

"Hypnospace Outlaw" uses an interface based on that of a user interface for a operating system and a fake in-game web browser called Hypnospace Explorer. The mission is to discover and report rule-breaking content assigned to the player by Hypnospace staff. Investigation of cases requires exploration of web pages and searching, aided by hints given by the content of the pages. HypnoCoin, the game's main currency, is earned by reporting and closing assigned cases. This currency is exchanged for downloadable programs, virtual pets, wallpapers, themes, and content that advance the story. It also parodies popular bands during 1999, with many webpages music coming from in-game bands such as "Seepage", "Fre3zer", and the "Chowder Man".

The game was updated to add more webpages and music. They also added mod support.

Acoustic plaster

Acoustic plaster is plaster which contains fibres so that it absorbs sound. Early acoustic plasters contained asbestos. But nowadays, the new acoustic plasters is made up of a layer of absorptive substrate panels, which are usually mineral wool. Acoustic plaster gives a smooth and seamless appearance.

Mineral wool

Mineral wool is any fibrous material made by spinning or drawing molten mineral or rock materials such as slag and ceramics. Mineral wool was first made in 1840 in Wales by Edward Parry. Mineral wool has an average diameter of 2 to 6 micrometers.

Stone wool which is a type of mineral wool is made by spinning molten rock in very fast spinning heads which is a bit like the way cotton candy is made. Mineral wool may contain a binder, often a terpolymer, and an oil to reduce dusting.

Mineral wool is used as insulators and sound absorbers. It is used in resin bonded panels, as filler in compounds for gaskets, in brake pads, in plastics in the automotive industry, as a filtering medium, and as a growth medium in hydroponics.

Úrsula Corberó

Úrsula Corberó Delgado (born August 11, 1989) is a Spanish actress. She is mainly known for her roles as Ruth Gómez in "Física o química" (2008–2010), Margarita de Austria in the television series "Isabel" (2014) and Marta in the comedy movie "Cómo Sobrevivir a una Despedida" (2015). She received international popularity after playing the role of Tokyo in the Antena 3 (later, Netflix) series "La Casa de Papel" ("Money Heist"; since 2017).

Úrsula Corberó Delgado was born in Barcelona.

Shukra

Shukra (Sanskrit: शुक्र, IAST: Śukra) is a Sanskrit word that means "clear" or "bright". It also has other meanings, such as the name of an ancient lineage of sages who counselled Asuras in Vedic mythology. In medieval mythology and Hindu astrology, the term refers to the planet Venus, one of the Navagrahas.

Yonaguni language

The Yonaguni language (与那国物言, "Dunan-munui") is one of the six Ryukyuan languages. It is spoken by some people on Yonaguni, which is an island next to Taiwan and Ishigaki. Only half of Yonaguni's people speak the language, and most of them are over the age of 50. Yonaguni locals also speak Japanese.

It has the most similarities with the Yaeyama language, and both languages form the Macro-Yaeyama language group of the Southern Ryukyuan languages.

Amami language

The Amami language (島口, "Shimayumuta") is a member of the Ryukyuan languages. It is spoken in the Amami Islands of southern Japan.

Amami is in the northern group of the Ryukyuan languages, along with Okinawan and Kunigami. There are many dialect groups of the Amami language: Amami Ōshima, Kikai, Southern Amami Ōshima, Okinoerabu, Yoron and Tokunoshima. The dialects of Yoron and Okinoerabu may actually be a part of the Kunigami language.

Most Amami speakers are elderly, and younger Amami locals mainly speak Japanese.

Splinter (Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles)

Splinter is the mentor figure for the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles". He is a rat who raised the four turtles.

Splinter has been played by Kevin Clash, Mako Iwamatsu, and Tony Shalhoub in movies based on TMNT.

Beesel

Beesel is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 13,519 people lived there.

Dante (Devil May Cry)

Dante is the main character of Devil May Cry. He is a half-demon and son of Sparda.

Dante has been played by Reuben Langdon.

Vergil (Devil May Cry)

Vergil is a main character of Devil May Cry. He is a half-demon, son of Sparda and twin brother of Dante. He is a playable character in , Devil May Cry 4: Special Edition and Devil May Cry 5: Special Edition.

Vergil has been played by Daniel Southworth.

Devil May Cry 3: Dante's Awakening

Devil May Cry 3: Dante's Awakening is the third video game in the series of "Devil May Cry". It was released on the PlayStation 2 on February 5, 2005. It serves as a prequel to the first two games. It has been praised for returning the game series to its roots.

The gameplay has a similar playstyle to the first game in the series. It has fast-paced combat, and players fight demons using many different kinds of melee weapons and guns. Combos are pulled off by carefully moving the control stick and timing presses of the attack button.

However, new gameplay features have also been added. The biggest change is the inclusion of different fighting styles, which were also in "Devil May Cry 2". These fighting styles give the player additional moves and techniques the player can use to fight. The Swordsman Style gives the player additional melee attacks, the Gunman Style gives the player additional gun attacks, the Trickster Style gives the player additional dodge maneuvers to more easily avoid enemy attacks, and the Guardian Style allows the player to guard and counter enemy attacks if the player carefully times their button presses.

The game's overall difficulty is also higher than the first two games.

The game is set 10 years before the first game. The game's main character, Dante, is in the middle of opening his private investigation firm, which he has not even named yet, before he is attacked by demons in his office. After fighting off the demons, a very large tower comes out of the ground, Temen-Ni-Gru. It is brought forth by Dante's twin brother, Vergil, and a demon-worshiping human named Arkham. Their plan is to use the tower to bring demons to earth, take Sparda's power, and to take over the world. 

Sparda was a demon knight who betrayed his fellow demons so he could protect humans. After Sparda saves mankind from a demon invasion, he has a pair of twin sons with a human woman name Eva. These twins are Dante and Vergil. Each son has half an amulet given to them by their mother, who herself received them from her husband Sparda.

Dante enters the tower so he could stop Vergil and Arkham and end the demon invasion. On his way to the top, Dante fights many demons and receives new abilities and weapons from them. He also comes across other characters, including Mary, a demon-hunting human girl who wants to kill her father, Arkham, for killing her mother, and Jester, a mysterious clown who helping and attacking Dante at the same time for unknown reasons.

The first time Dante met Vergil on the tower, Vergil defeats Dante, stabs Dante with his own sword, and takes his of the amulet. Unintentionally, Dante's blood unlocks a seal on the sword and awakens his demonic powers.

As Dante chases after Vergil, he meets a large demon named Beowulf, who wants to get revenge on Sparda's betrayal of demons by killing his children. However, Dante blinds him by cutting out his other eye, so Beowulf runs away and looks for Vergil. The second time Dante and Vergil meet, Vergil kills Beowulf and acquires a new weapon to fight Dante with. Before the fight finishes, they are interrupted by Mary and Jester. It turns out that Jester was Arkham the whole time. Arkham then uses the twins' amulet and sheds blood of his own daughter, Mary, the daughter of the priestess, to break Sparda's seal. This transforms the tower and unlocks portal to the demon world. Arkham wishes to go to them demon world to take the Force Edge, Sparda's sword, to take Sparda's power and rule over a demon-infested earth.

After falling off the tower, Dante fights Mary for the right to fight Arkham. After winning the fight, Lady rewards him with her strongest weapon. Dante then climbs to the top of the tower and enters the demon world. Meanwhile, Vergil regains consciousness after passing out from his fall and immediately heads to the top of the tower, completely ignoring Mary on the way.

As Dante catches up to Arkham, Arkham takes the Force Edge. He takes the form of Sparda and then turns into a large blob monster. In the middle of the fight, Vergil joins Dante to defeat Arkham and they both take him out the demon world. After Arkham falls back into the human world, Mary disowns her own name and kills her own father. From then on, she would call herself Lady. This was the nickname Dante would give her because she refused to tell him her name.

After the fight with Arkham, Dante and Vergil have a third and final fight to take the Force Edge and both halves of the amulet. Before Dante wins the fight, the portal to the demon world begins to close. Vergil warns Dante that if he does not leave immediately, they would both be trapped in the demon world forever. Dante refuses to leave until he defeats or kills Vergil, but Vergil chooses to stay in the demon world since the it was once their father's home. Vergil then refuses Dante's help and falls down a waterfall so that Dante would return to the human world without him.

After the portal closes Dante returns to the human world, Dante meets with Lady again and gives her back her weapon. She then sees Dante crying over the loss of his brother. This is how Dante chooses the name for his investigation firm, "Devil May Cry". The two then become demon-hunting partners. While the game's closing credits are rolling on the screen, they fight the all the demons who were still on earth during the demon invasion.

After the closing credits, Dante finally opens his investigation firm with the name "Devil May Cry". In this scene, we see him wearing the same clothes that he will wear in "Devil May Cry", which is set ten years later. Also in this scene, the office is shown decorated with the corpses of the demons Dante has killed throughout the game.

Also after the closing credits, after Vergil falls to the bottom of the waterfall in the demon world, Vergil runs toward his father's old enemy, Mundus. After this, the game ends.

An upgraded version was first released in 2006 and included the ability to play as Vergil and optional boss fights with the Jester.

The Normal Difficulty of the North American version was also lowered to match the Japanese version. The Normal Difficulty in the original North American version was actually the Hard Difficulty in the original Japanese version, but this was fixed in the Special Edition.

Drywall

Drywall is a panel made of gypsum with or without additives. It is also known as plasterboard, wallboard, sheet rock, gypsum board, buster board, custard board, or gypsum panel. It is usually extruded between thick sheets of facer and backer paper. It is used in the construction of walls and ceilings that are inside a building.

Drywall is made up of a layer of gypsum plaster sandwiched between two layers of paper. The plaster is mixed with fibre, plasticizer, foaming agent, finely ground gypsum crystal as an accelerator, EDTA, starch or other chelate as a retarder. Various additives may be added to decrease mildew and increase fire resistance.

Brunssum

Brunssum is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 28103 people lived there.

Eijsden-Margraten

Eijsden-Margraten is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 25,658 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2011 from the former municipalities of Eijsden and Margraten.

In My Life

"In My Life" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on the band's 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It was written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney. They did not agree on which parts they created. George Martin played the piano part of the song, which was sped up to make it sound like a harpsichord. "Mojo" magazine said that the song was the best of all time. "Rolling Stone" said it was the 23rd best song of all time in their list.

Per Ian MacDonald

Electro (Marvel Comics)

Electro is a Marvel Comics supervillain created by Stan Lee and an enemy of Spider-Man and Daredevil. He is a supervillain who uses his superpowers, which give him control over electricity, to commit crimes and fight Spider-Man. He is a member of the supervillain group, the Sinister Six.

Jamie Foxx played Electro in 2014's "The Amazing Spider-Man 2". He returned as Electro in (2021).

Raiden (Mortal Kombat)

Raiden is a fictional thunder god and playable character in the "Mortal Kombat" franchise.

Since 2008, Richard Epcar has voiced him in games starting with "Mortal Kombat vs. DC Universe". He has been played by Christopher Lambert and James Remar in the movie series.

Thor: The Dark World

Thor: The Dark World is a 2013 fantasy superhero movie and the eighth movie of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. Directed by Alan Taylor, it is a sequel to the 2011 movie "Thor".



Gennep

Gennep is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 17,071 people lived there.

Thor: Ragnarok

Thor: Ragnarok is a 2017 fantasy-comedy superhero movie directed by Taika Waititi and a sequel to "".

Despite receiving positive reviews from film critics, the film was welcomed with a mixed reaction by fans: they praised it for its story, emotional weight, musical score and action scenes but critizied it for being too comical.



Eijsden

Eijsden is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. Since 2011, it has been part of the new municipality of Eijsden-Margraten.

Van Helsing (movie)

Van Helsing is a 2004 movie directed by Stephen Sommers and starring Hugh Jackman and Kate Beckinsale. Some movie critics liked it and some did not. It had an animated prequel called "".


Margraten

Margraten is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. Since 2011, it has been part of the new municipality of Eijsden-Margraten.

Captain America: The Winter Soldier

Captain America: The Winter Soldier is a 2014 superhero movie and a sequel to the 2011 movie "". Directed by the Russo brothers, it is the ninth movie of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Two years after the Avengers saved New York City from Loki and the Chitauri, Steve Rogers/Captain America (Chris Evans) is still trying to adjust to modern life after being frozen in ice for 70 years. He works for the spy agency S.H.I.E.L.D. with fellow Avenger Natasha Romanoff/Black Widow (Scarlett Johansson) and director Nick Fury (Samuel L. Jackson). During a morning run, Steve makes friends with veteran Sam Wilson (Anthony Mackie).

Captain America and Black Widow go on a mission to stop pirates from taking control of a S.H.I.E.L.D. ship. As Captain America fights and defeats mercenary Georges Batroc (Georges St-Pierre), Black Widow extracts data from the ship's computers. Steve goes to Fury, angry he wasn't told that Natasha had a different mission than him. Fury tells Steve about Project Insight, a plan by S.H.I.E.L.D. to use satellites and Helicarriers to kill people who they think are threats. Fury tries to decrypt the data Natasha brought him, but when he can't, he asks senior S.H.I.E.L.D. official Alexander Pierce (Robert Redford) to delay Project Insight.

Fury is driving around Washington D.C. when he's suddenly attacked by a group of men disguised as officers. Fury uses his modified smart car to fight back and drive away, but is caught off guard when he sees a mysterious man in a black mask, called the Winter Soldier, who is the leader of the attackers. Fury ditches his car and heads to Steve's apartment, where he warns him that S.H.I.E.L.D. is in trouble and gives him a hard drive. The Winter Soldier appears and shoots Fury, apparently killing him. Steve's neighbor "Kate" comes and reveals herself as Sharon Carter (Emily VanCamp), a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent assigned by Fury to protect Steve. Steve chases the Winter Soldier and is shocked by the Winter Soldier's enhanced strength.

Pierce asks Steve to tell him what was on the hard drive Fury gave him, but Steve refuses. Angry, Pierce tells S.H.I.E.L.D. that Captain America is an enemy and orders them to hunt him down. Now on the run from S.T.R.I.K.E., Steve meets Natasha and they work together to decode Fury's hard drive. The drive leads them to the army base in New Jersey where Steve was trained in the 1940s. The two of them find a secret bunker with a supercomputer that contains the consciousness of scientist Arnim Zola (Toby Jones), who was thought dead in the 20th century. Zola tells them that he rebuilt the evil organization Hydra from within S.H.I.E.L.D. so they could cause chaos, and that S.H.I.E.L.D. is filled with Hydra double agents who use the Winter Soldier as their main assassin. Steve and Natasha escape the bunker before it's destroyed by a S.H.I.E.L.D. missile. They quickly figure out that Pierce is actually Hydra's leader while pretending to be one of the leaders of S.H.I.E.L.D.

Not knowing who to trust anymore, Steve and Natasha hide in Sam Wilson's house. Sam tells them that he has a "Falcon" wingpack that he used during his time in the military, and they decide to recruit Sam to stop Hydra with them. They kidnap Hydra mole Jasper Sitwell (Maximiliano Hernandez) and force him to tell them Hydra's true plan: to hijack Project Insight by using an algorithm made by Zola to find threats to Hydra, and use the Helicarriers to kill them even before they commit any crimes. The Winter Soldier and his men return and ambush the group, killing Sitwell. After a fight, Steve unmasks the Winter Soldier to reveal James "Bucky" Barnes (Sebastian Stan), Steve's best friend who was thought killed in the 1940s, but was secretly kidnapped by Hydra and brainwashed to follow their orders.

Fury's close friend and S.H.I.E.L.D. agent Maria Hill (Cobie Smulders) takes Steve, Sam, and Natasha to a safehouse where Fury is still alive, having faked his death to go undercover. Fury gives them controller chips that they can use to disable the Helicarriers before Hydra can use them. Steve tells Fury that he plans to completely destroy S.H.I.E.L.D. to stop Hydra from ever forming again. They all go to S.H.I.E.L.D. headquarters, where Steve tells everyone the truth about Hydra and their plan and Natasha leaks Hydra's files to the public. Fury fights and kills Pierce for his betrayal. Meanwhile, Steve and Sam are able to get inside two of the three Helicarriers and disable them with the controller chips. On the third Helicarrier, Bucky appears as the Winter Soldier and tries to stop Steve, but Steve inserts the final controller chip and foils Hydra's plan. Steve refuses to fight Bucky and tries to make him remember that he's his best friend. At first, Bucky resists and attacks Steve, but soon realizes the truth. As Steve falls into the Potomac River, Bucky saves him from drowning and disappears.

After the battle, Hydra is no more and S.H.I.E.L.D. is mostly destroyed. Natasha appears before the Senate, while Fury plans to go to Europe to stop any of Hydra's remaining cells. Steve tells Sam that he wants to find Bucky, and Sam insists on joining him.

In a mid-credits scene, Baron Wolfgang von Strucker (Thomas Kreitschmann) experiments on a test subject with super-speed (Aaron Taylor-Johnson) and another with telekinetic abilities (Elizabeth Olsen). In a post-credits scene, Bucky visits his own memorial at the Smithsonian.


Captain America: Civil War

Captain America: Civil War is a 2016 superhero movie directed by the Russo brothers, based on the Marvel Comics character Captain America. The movie is produced by Marvel Studios and distributed by Walt Disney Studios Motion Pictures. It is the sequel to "" (2011) and "" (2014), and the 13th movie in the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU). 

The movie premiered in Los Angeles on April 12, 2016 and was released in the United States on May 6, as the first movie in Phase Three of the MCU.

In a flashback from 1991, James "Bucky" Barnes/Winter Soldier, a brainwashed soldier with the same strength and power as Captain America, is ordered by the evil organization Hydra to crash a moving car and steal a case that has super-soldier serum. In Lagos, Nigeria in the present, Steve Rogers/Captain America, Natasha Romanoff/Black Widow, Sam Wilson/Falcon, and Wanda Maximoff are on a mission to stop ex-Hydra agent Brock Rumlow/Crossbones from releasing a deadly bioweapon from a lab. After a fight, Crossbones almost kills Captain America by blowing himself up, but Wanda uses her powers to lift Crossbones and let him explode in the air. The explosion kills Crossbones but also destroys a nearby building, killing a few Wakandan charity workers. Wanda is blamed for the accident, making her feel guilty.

The United States Secretary of State Thaddeus Ross tells the Avengers that the United Nations (UN) wants to pass a law called the Sokovia Accords to control them, because there have been a lot of Avengers-related accidents that have killed innocent people. Ross tells the Avengers that they have to sign the Accords or become criminals, and if they sign it, the Avengers will have to listen to the UN and can't make decisions by themselves anymore. Tony Stark/Iron Man is at the meeting and tells everyone that he supports the Accords because . Steve tells everyone that he doesn't support the Accords because , and he wants the Avengers to make their own decisions. 

While the Avengers fight over the Accords, a Sokovian man named Helmut Zemo finds the Winter Soldier's old Hydra commander and asks him for information on the 1991 mission from the flashback. When the commander doesn't tell him anything, Zemo kills him and steals a red book with commands. The UN holds a conference in Vienna, Austria to pass the Sokovia Accords but a bomb goes off and destroys the building, killing the Wakandan King T'Chaka. Security footage shows that the bomber was the Winter Soldier, and the cops hunt him. Knowing that Bucky was framed by the real bomber, Steve wants to find Bucky before the cops do. Meanwhile, T'Chaka's son, T'Challa, swears to find and kill Bucky in revenge for his father's death.

With Sharon Carter's help, Captain America and Falcon find Bucky living a normal life in Bucharest, Romania. Steve meets Bucky and tries to make him remember that he is his old friend, but Bucky tells him to leave. When the cops show up and attack them, Bucky runs away and Steve and Sam follow him. Black Panther shows up and also chases Bucky, trying to kill him. There is a big chase, which leads to the cops and James Rhodes/War Machine arresting Steve, Bucky, Sam, and Black Panther, who takes off his mask to reveal that he's T'Challa. 

The cops take them to a building, where they imprison Bucky in a cage. Tony tries to convince Steve to sign the Accords but fails. Zemo comes to the building in disguise to "interview" Bucky, but starts reading commands from the red book. Bucky turns into the Winter Soldier, breaking out of his cage and fighting everyone, letting Zemo escape. The Winter Soldier almost escapes, but Steve stops him and sneaks him away with Sam. Ross tells Tony and Natasha that he wants to arrest Steve and his group and gives them 48 hours to bring them back. Natasha asks T'Challa for help, while Tony goes to Queens, New York City to recruit Peter Parker/Spider-Man.

When Bucky wakes up, he tells Steve and Sam that Zemo was the real Vienna bomber and wanted the location of a Hydra base in Siberia, where there are more Winter Soldiers like Bucky. Wanting to stop Zemo as soon as possible, Steve violates the Accords and makes a team with Sam, Bucky, Wanda, Scott Lang/Ant-Man, and Clint Barton/Hawkeye. They go to an airport in Berlin, Germany to find a jet, but they are stopped by Iron Man, Spider-Man, Black Panther, Black Widow, Vision, and War Machine. Tony tries to tell Steve to peacefully come with them, but Steve wants to fight instead. The Avengers attack each other, and Steve's team decides to let themselves be arrested so Steve and Bucky can escape in the jet. War Machine tries to follow them, but is accidentally shot down by Vision and can't move his legs anymore. Tony visits Steve's team in an underwater prison called the Raft and asks Sam where Steve and Bucky went, promising to not fight them. Sam tells him, and Tony finds out that Bucky didn't really bomb the UN.

Bucky, Steve, and Tony come to the Hydra facility in Siberia, and Tony says he only wants peace. They find all the other Winter Soldiers dead, and realize that Zemo's the one who did it, and he's already there. Zemo tells them that he wanted to destroy the Avengers because they accidentally killed his family in Sokovia, and plays a clip from the 1991 mission. The clip shows that the people in the car from the flashback were Tony's parents, and the Winter Soldier was the one who killed them. Tony attacks Bucky and fights Steve, angry that Steve never told him the truth. Bucky tries to escape but Tony locks him in the Hydra base with Steve. Zemo tries to kill himself but T'Challa, who followed them, stops him and arrests him. After a big fight, Steve defeats Tony and smashes the Arc Reactor in his Iron Man suit, before leaving with Bucky. Tony tells Steve to drop his shield because he doesn't deserve it; Tony and Steve are not friends anymore and the Avengers are broken.

Knowing that Zemo was his father's killer, T'Challa allows Bucky to recover and heal in Wakanda, which T'Challa now leads as king. Tony returns to the abandoned Avengers base and helps Rhodes use his legs again. Steve sends a letter to Tony, telling him sorry and letting him know that he'll always be there if Tony needs him. Steve breaks into the Raft and helps his friends escape.


West Sepik tree frog

The West Sepik tree frog ("Litoria leucova") is a small frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists saw it 1600 meters above sea level in West Sepik Province.

Tak and the Power of Juju

Tak and the Power of Juju is a 2003 3D platform video game made by THQ and Avalanche Software for the PlayStation 2, Nintendo GameCube and Game Boy Advance. It had two sequel games in and before it became a Nicktoon in 2007.

Tak of the Pupanunu people was called by the great shaman Jibolba to free Lok from his imprisonment by summoning the Juju.

Tak 2: The Staff of Dreams

Tak 2: The Staff of Dreams is a 2004 3D platform video game made by THQ and Avalanche Software for the PlayStation 2, Nintendo GameCube, Xbox and Game Boy Advance. It is a sequel to 2003's "Tak and the Power of Juju".

Tak can go to altars so he can change into an animal.

Tak has been in a deep sleep and has encountered the Dream Juju in his sleep. He is told to rescue a princess from a tower protected by the Dream Guardian.

Scylla paramamosain

Scylla paramamosain is a mud crab commonly eaten in Southeast Asia.

Scylla paramamosain is found in Japan, South Korea, Taiwan, China, Vietnam, Cambodia, Singapore, Malaysia, and Indonesia. It is now produced by aquaculture farms in southern Vietnam.

Tak: The Great Juju Challenge

Tak: The Great Juju Challenge is a 2005 cooperative 3D platform video game made by THQ and Avalanche Software for the PlayStation 2, Nintendo DS, Nintendo GameCube, Xbox and Game Boy Advance. It is a sequel to 2004's "" and the third Tak game.

The more time the player has left on a level, the more score they get.

Tak and Lok have been picked by the Moon Juju to take part in the Great Juju Challenge against the Black Mist, the Grammazons and the Jibajabas.

Groot

Groot is a Marvel Comics character created by Stan Lee and is well-known for just saying "I am Groot". He is Rocket Raccoon's best friend.

Groot has been voiced by Vin Diesel in four movies and has been voiced by Michael Clarke Duncan and Kevin Michael Richardson in cartoons.

Agent Smith

Agent Smith is the main villain of "The Matrix" franchise. He is portrayed by Hugo Weaving.

Agent Smith and the other Agents take control of the Matrix until Neo freed him. Smith became a virus that duplicates himself onto others.

Morpheus (The Matrix)

Morpheus is a main character of "The Matrix" franchise. He is portrayed by Laurence Fishburne.

Morpheus of the Resistance wanted to find Neo by phone calls. As Neo finds him in the Matrix, Morpheus offers him to take either a red pill or a blue pill to join him into the real world. Neo took the red pill.

Fairy Godmother (Shrek)

The Fairy Godmother is the main antagonist of the 2004 animated feature movie "Shrek 2". She is voiced by Jennifer Saunders. She does not appear in William Steig's original picture book.

The Fairy Godmother was picked by King Harold and Queen Lillian to lock away Princess Fiona to the Dragon's Keep until Shrek rescued her. By the time they got married, they visited Far Far Away. After a rough dinner, she was summoned by Fiona for a happy night. She gave Shrek a business card for her potion factory.

Borat Subsequent Moviefilm

Borat Subsequent Moviefilm: Delivery of Prodigious Bribe to American Regime for Make Benefit Once Glorious Nation of Kazakhstan (or known as simply Borat 2) is a 2020 mockumentary comedy movie directed by Jason Woliner and starring Sacha Baron Cohen. Cohen plays the character Kazakh Borat Sagdiyev. The movie is the sequel of the 2006 movie "Borat". The movie also stars Maria Bakalova as Borat's daughter. In the movie, Borat brings his daughter to U.S. Vice President Mike Pence to marry him.

The movie was released on October 23, 2020 on Amazon Prime Video.


Mike Pence and Rudy Giuliani appear as themselves.

Wrestling at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics

Wrestling at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics was held from 25 to 27 August at the Longjiang Gymnasium in Nanjing, China.

Wrestling at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics

Wrestling at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics took place in Singapore from 15–17 August at the International Convention Centre.

Lord Allan Velasco

Lord Allan Jay Quinto Velasco (born November 9, 1977) is a Filipino politician and lawyer. He has been the Speaker of the House of Representatives since October 12, 2020. He is the Representative of Marinduque's lone district since 2016. He held the same office from 2010 to 2013.

Damien Chazelle

Damien Sayre Chazelle (born January 19, 1985) is an American movie director, producer, and screenwriter. He is best known for his movies "Whiplash" (2014), "La La Land" (2016), "First Man" (2018) and "Babylon" (2022).

He is the youngest director to win the Academy Award for Best Director at the age of 32.

Ron Stallworth

Ron Stallworth (born June 18, 1953) is a retired American police officer. He worked undercover to arrest members of the Ku Klux Klan in Colorado Springs, Colorado, in the late 1970s. He was the first African-American detective in the Colorado Springs Police Department. The 2018 movie "BlacKkKlansman" is based on his experiences.

Ismail Merchant

Ismail Merchant (born Ismail Noor Muhammad Abdul Rahman; 25 December 1936 – 25 May 2005) was an Indian movie producer and director. He worked for many years with Merchant Ivory Productions. He was the domestic partner of James Ivory. Merchant was born in Bombay, Bombay Presidency. 

Merchant died in Westminster, England from problems caused by stomach surgery and ulcers, aged 68.

Theresa Greenfield

Theresa Greenfield is an American politician and real estate developer. She is the Democratic nominee for the 2020 United States Senate election in Iowa. She ran against incumbent Republican Joni Ernst in the November 2020 general election and lost to Ernst.

Bricelyn, Minnesota

Bricelyn is a city in Faribault County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 348 at the 2020 census.

Windsor, New York

Windsor is a town in Broome County, New York, United States. The population was 5,804 at the 2020 census.

Khalid Sheikh Mohammed

Khalid Sheikh Mohammed (sometimes also spelled Khalid Shaikh Mohammed; among at least fifty pseudonyms; born March 1, 1964; or April 14, 1965) is a Pakistani terrorist. He held by the United States at the Guantanamo Bay detention camp under terrorism-related charges. He is seen as the person who planned the 9/11 attacks in the "9/11 Commission Report".

Sheikh Mohammed was a member of Osama bin Laden's al-Qaeda organization, leading al-Qaeda's propaganda operations from around 1999 until late 2001. 

He confessed to FBI agents to a role in many of the most significant terrorist plots over the last twenty years.

Mohammed's trial (started again or) restarted on 7 September 2021.

9/11 Commission Report

The 9/11 Commission Report, formally named Final Report of the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States, is the official report of the events leading up to the September 11, 2001 terrorist attacks. 

It was prepared by the National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States (informally sometimes known as the "9/11 Commission" or the "Kean/Hamilton Commission") at the request of United States president George W. Bush and Congress. It is available to the public for sale or free download.

The commission was created on November 27, 2002 (442 days after the attack) and their final report was issued on July 22, 2004. The report was originally scheduled for release on May 27, 2004.

After releasing the report, commission chair Thomas Kean declared that both Presidents Bill Clinton and George W. Bush were "not well served" by the FBI and CIA.

9/11 Commission

The National Commission on Terrorist Attacks Upon the United States, also known as the 9/11 Commission, was set up on November 27, 2002, "to prepare a full and complete account of the circumstances surrounding the September 11 attacks". It also gave tips on how the country can respond to further attacks. 

Chaired by former New Jersey Governor Thomas Kean, the commission consisted of five Democrats and five Republicans. 

The commission was created by Congressional legislation, with the bill signed into law by President George W. Bush.

After the publication of its final report, the commission closed on August 21, 2004. The commission's website was shut down, but has been archived.

Suman Pokhrel

Suman Pokhrel (born on September 21, 1967) is a Nepali poet, lyricist, playwright, translator and artist. His poetry is also included in the syllabus of universities.

Suman Pokhrel is the sole writer to receive the SAARC Literary Award twice. He received this award in 2013 and 2015.

Suman Pokhrel was born on September 21, 1967 in Mills Area, Biratnagar, to Mukunda Prasad Pokhrel and Bhakta Devi Pokhrel. 


Little House on the Prairie

Little House on the Prairie is a children's novel. It was written by Laura Ingalls Wilder. It was published in 1935. It is the third book in Wilder's Little House series. The book and the series are based on Wilder's memories of her family's time in Kansas in the 19th century, but she changed many things so the story would make sense. In the 20th century, it was made into a television series of the same name.

The Ingalls family decides to leave the Big Woods of Wisconsin because Mr. Ingalls thinks there are too many people in the Big Woods. He wants to live where wild animals are not afraid to be. He arranges to sell their house. The family puts their things in a covered wagon. They bring their dog, Jack, but they leave the cat, Black Susan, behind.

They follow a wagon trail west into the part of Kansas that was called "Indian territory" at the time. Mr. Ingalls knows that the land belongs to the American Indians but he thinks the United States federal government is going to change its mind about that. He thinks they will say that white people can settle in Kansas soon. He wants to build a farm before all the good places are taken. He sees a good place near a valley with a river in it, stops the wagon, and starts building a house out of logs from trees from the valley.

The book describes traveling west, building a house, daily chores, taking care of farm animals, meeting and interacting with neighbors, catching and getting better from malaria and interacting with American Indians.

The Ingalls family spends a year building and improving their house and farm. For example, they dig a well and put glass windows in the house. At the end of the book, the Ingalls family hears out that the government has not changed its mind and that all the white settlers must leave. The Ingalls house is three miles over the boundary into what is at that time American Indian land. The family pack their belongings into the covered wagon again and they leave.

In 2018, the Association for Library Service to Children changed the name of its "Laura Ingalls Wilder Award" to the "Children’s Literature Legacy Award" because people did not like the way Wilder wrote about Native Americans in "Little House on the Prairie". They said the book had "dated cultural attitudes toward Indigenous people and people of color that contradict modern acceptance, celebration, and understanding of diverse communities." For example, in the book, one white character says "the only good Indian is a dead Indian." Some of the words Ingalls use to describe Native Americans makes them sound like non-human animals. Other people disagreed, saying the book showed how complicated things between Native Americans and white settlers were. For example, it shows that the Ingalls family is on Indian land illegally, which means they must leave. It shows Laura asking her parents why they are in Indian territory if they don't want to be near Indians.

There is one black character in the book. He is the doctor who cures the family when they catch malaria.

Deal or No Deal (U.S. game show)

Deal or No Deal is the American version of the international game show of Dutch origin of the same name. Created by Dick de Rijk (2003 – for Endemol International).

Deal or No Deal and 1 vs 100 Are 2 Game Shows on NBC/GSN in 2006-2009 Present

Chevrolet Chevelle

The Chevrolet Chevelle is an American mid-sized car produced by Chevrolet of General Motors from 1964 to 1977.

The Chevelle has three generations from 1964-1967, 1968-1972 and 1973-1977.

It is considered to be one of the greatest muscle cars.

In 1978, the Chevelle was replaced by the Malibu.Gallery

The Alligator People

The Alligator People is a 1959 American science fiction horror movie directed by Roy Del Ruth and starring Beverly Garland, Bruce Bennett, Lou Chaney Jr., George Macready, Richard Crane, Frieda Inescort, Douglas Kennedy. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Chevrolet El Camino

The Chevrolet El Camino is a small pickup truck produced by Chevrolet of General Motors from 1959 to 1960 and 1964 to 1987.

The 1964-1977 El Camino is based on the Chevelle platform.

Tom Maschler

Thomas Michael Maschler (16 August 193315 October 2020) was a German-born British publisher and writer. He was known for creating the Booker Prize for British, Irish and Commonwealth literature in 1969.

He was involved in publishing the works of many notable authors, including Ernest Hemingway, Joseph Heller, Gabriel García Márquez, John Lennon, Ian McEwan, Bruce Chatwin and Salman Rushdie. He was born in Berlin.

His autobiography, "Publisher", was published by Picador in 2005.

He died on 15 October 2020 at a hospital in Luberon, aged 87.

Bruce Chatwin

Charles Bruce Chatwin (13 May 194018 January 1989) was an English travel writer, novelist and journalist. His first book, "In Patagonia" (1977), made him a well known travel writer.

He won the James Tait Black Memorial Prize for his novel "On the Black Hill" (1982), while his novel "Utz" (1988) was shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize. 

In 2008 "The Times" ranked Chatwin as number 46 on their list of "50 Greatest British Writers Since 1945". He was born in Sheffield, West Riding of Yorkshire.

Chatwin died on 18 January 1989 in Nice, France from HIV/AIDS at the age of 48.


Carcano

The Carcano is an Italian bolt-action rifle introduced in 1891.

The Carcano was infamously used by Lee Harvey Oswald to assassinate US president John F. Kennedy in 1963.

Zee Tamil Kudumbam Viruthugal

Zee Tamil Kudumbam Viruthugal is an Award ceremony show which held by the network Zee Tamil. It honour the cast and crew of Tamil soap operas and other shows which air on Zee Tamil. This is the second time of the Tamil television industry where awards are given for performances in television serials and shows.

Jurors select five nominees in each award category from among the shows that air on Zee Tamil. The nominees are interviewed on Zee Tamil and viewers are invited to cast their votes via text message or at the Zee Tamil Awards website.


John Powley

John Albert Powley (3 August 1936 – 16 October 2020) was a British Conservative Party politician. He was elected as the Member of Parliament for Norwich South in the Conservative landslide at the 1983 general election. However, at the 1987 election he lost his seat in a narrow defeat.

Powley died on 16 October 2020 at the age of 84.


Stephen Gray (writer)

Stephen Gray (30 November 1941 – 22 October 2020) was a South African writer and critic. Gray was born in Cape Town, South Africa. Until 1992, he was Professor of English at the Rand Afrikaans University in Johannesburg. Gray was a poet and published eight novels. He also wrote for the theatre and edited collections of work by Athol Fugard and Herman Charles Bosman.

Gray died on 22 October 2020 in Johannesburg at the age of 78.


Ambt Montfort

Ambt Montfort is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg.

It was created on 1 January 1991 from the former municipalities of Montfort, Posterholt, Reutje and Sint Odiliënber. The first name of the merged municipality was "Posterholt", but it was changed in "Ambt Montfort" in 1994. Since 2007, it became a part of the municipality of Roerdalen.

Herman Charles Bosman

Herman Charles Bosman (5 February 1905 – 14 October 1951) was a South Africa short-story writer. He studied the works of Edgar Allan Poe and Mark Twain. His English-language works were mainly about Afrikaner characters, some were controversial. He was born in Cape Town.

Bosman died on 14 October 1951 from a heart attack in Edenvale, South Africa at the age of 46.


Scylla tranquebarica

Scylla tranquebarica is a type of mangrove crab in the genus "Scylla". It is lives in mangrove areas. It is found from Pakistan and Taiwan to the Malay Archipelago and other Indo-Pacific regions.

Haelen

Haelen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. Since 2007, it has been part of the new municipality of Leudal.

Richard A. Lupoff

Richard Allen Lupoff (February 21, 1935 – October 22, 2020) was an American science fiction and mystery author. He was an expert on the writing of Edgar Rice Burroughs and H. P. Lovecraft. He was born in New York City. Lupoff was known for his works "", "Space War Blues", "" and "Lovecraft's Book".

Lupoff died on October 22, 2020 in Berkeley, California at the age of 85.


Leudal

Leudal is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 35,681 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2007 from the former municipalities of Heythuysen, Haelen, Hunsel, and Roggel en Neer.

Heythuysen

Heythuysen is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. Since 2007, it has been part of the new municipality of Leudal.

Hunsel

Hunsel is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. Since 2007, it has been part of the new municipality of Leudal.

Roggel en Neer

Roggel en Neer is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. Since 2007, it has been part of the new municipality of Leudal.

David Cunningham (ice hockey)

Vale David Cunningham (19 October 1928 – 20 October 2020) was an Australian ice hockey player. He competed in the men's tournament at the 1960 Winter Olympics. He was born in Brunswick, Victoria.

Cunningham died on 20 October 2020, one day after his 92nd birthday.

J. Michael Lane

John Michael Lane (February 14, 1936October 21, 2020) was an American epidemiologist. He was a director of the Global Smallpox Eradication program between 1973 and 1981. He played a role in the eradication of smallpox in 1977. He was born in Boston, Massachusetts.

Lane died of colon cancer on October 21, 2020 in Atlanta, Georgia at the age of 84.

Kerkrade

Kerkrade is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 45,642 people lived there.

Magpie goose

The magpie goose ("Anseranas semipalmata") is the only living species in the family Anseranatidae. It is found in northern Australia and southern New Guinea.

Magpie geese are birds with black and white plumage and yellowish legs. The feet are only partially webbed. Magpie geese eat plants in the water, as well as on land. Males are larger than females.

Heerlen

Heerlen is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2023, 87.116 people lived there. it contains the fourth largest city in Limburg.

the municipality is divided into four different parts. Heerlen-Stad, Heerlerheide, Heerlerbaan and Hoensbroek.

The municipality contains the major landmark of Castle hoensbroek.

Gabriel Guarda

Gabriel Guarda (born Fernando Guarda Geywitz; 19 January 1928 – 23 October 2020), was a Chilean historian and architect. He was part of the editorial committee of the journal "Historia" after it was created in 1961. In 1984 he received the Chilean National History Award.

Guarda was born in Valdivia, Chile. He studied architecture at the Catholic University of Chile. Guarda died on 23 October 2020 in Santiago de Chile, aged 92.

Lenard Lakofka

Lenard Lakofka (1944 – 23 October 2020) was an American writer. He wrote material for the fantasy role-playing game "Dungeons & Dragons". Although never a formal TSR staff member, the company that published "Dungeons & Dragons", he was an influential voice in the creation of the game. He was born in Chicago. 

Lakofka died on 23 October 2020 at the age of 76.

Thorn, Netherlands

Thorn is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. Since 2007, it has been part of the new municipality of Maasgouw.

Heel, Netherlands

Heel is a former municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. Since 2007, it has been part of the new municipality of Maasgouw.

Dv12

Dv12 is the name of a type of locomotive used in Finland. They are operated by VR, the biggest railway company in Finland. In total, 192 locomotives were built between 1963 and 1984. They weigh 68 metric tonnes and their maximum speed limit is 125 kilometers per hour. Today, they are used in freight trains and sometimes in passenger trains.

Authoritarian corporatism

Authoritarian corporatism is a form of corporatism, where the state forces everyone to join one of a limited number of corporations. The state also defines the goals these corporations try to achieve. In the 1930s, Benito Mussolini took some of the ideas from Getúlio Vargas, who ruled Brazil in an authoritarian style at the time.

John Rushing

John Rushing (February 26, 1972 – October 23, 2020) was an American college and professional football assistant coach. He was the safeties coach at the University of Arizona. Rushing served for six years as a defensive coach at Utah State University and was the secondary coach for three other college programs. He was born in Merced, California.

Rushing played college football at Washington State University in Pullman. He also coached the Green Bay Packers and the Los Angeles Rams.

Rushing died on October 23, 2020 in Tucson, Arizona at the age of 48.

Ebbe Skovdahl

Ebbe Skovdahl Hansen (5 July 1945 – 23 October 2020) was a Danish football manager. He was born in Copenhagen. He was known as a manager for Brøndby IF, for whom he had also played in his active years. He won many Danish Superliga and Danish Cup titles. A player, he played for the Vanløse IF between the 1950s to 1970s.

Skovdahl died on 23 October 2020 in Karlslunde, Denmark from cancer at the age of 75.

Prince Azim of Brunei

Prince Haji 'Abdul 'Azim of Brunei (; 29 July 1982 – 24 October 2020) was the second born prince of Hassanal Bolkiah, Sultan of Brunei. He was fourth in line to succeed the throne of Brunei until his death in October 2020.

Prince Azim died on 24 October 2020 at the age of 38 following a long illness in Jerudong, Brunei.

Rafique Ul Huq

Rafique Ul Huq (2 November 1935 – 24 October 2020) was a Bangladeshi lawyer and politician. He was the Attorney General of Bangladesh from 1990 to 1991. He was born in Calcutta, Bengal Presidency.

Huq died at a Dhaka hospital on 24 October 2020 from problems caused by anemia and a urinary tract infection, aged 84.

Liberal corporatism

Liberal corporatism is the idea that different groups in a society take part in political decisions, and that these groups also work together, to reach common goals. It is one of the two forms of corporatism. The other form is called authoritarian corporatism. Liberal corporatism is often opposed to pluralism. Pluralism thinks that interest groups should not have political influence.

Jerry Jeff Walker

Jerry Jeff Walker (born Ronald Clyde Crosby; March 16, 1942 – October 23, 2020) was an American country music singer-songwriter and guitarist. He was born in Oneonta, New York. He was best known for his single "Mr. Bojangles", released in 1968.

Walker died on October 23, 2020 from throat cancer-related problems in Austin, Texas at the age of 78.

Oneonta, New York

Oneonta ( ) is a city in southern Otsego County, New York, United States. It is one of the northernmost cities of the Appalachian Region. According to the 2020 U.S. Census, Oneonta had a population of 13,079.

Otsego, New York

Otsego is a town in the north-central part of Otsego County, New York, United States. The population was 3,641 at the 2020 census.

The Three Faces of Eve

The Three Faces of Eve is a 1957 American mystery drama movie directed by Nunnally Johnson and was based on the novel of the same name by Corbett H. Thigpen and Hervey M. Cleckley. It stars Joanne Woodward (in her Oscar winning performance), David Wayne, Lee J. Cobb, Nancy Kulp, Edwin Jerome and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Pink Panthers

Pink Panthers is the name given by Interpol to an international jewel thief network, made up of 200-250 members from Serbia, Montenegro, Croatia, Macedonia and Bosnia and Herzegovina. 

The organization is responsible for some of the most successful thefts in the history of theft and organized crime. They are responsible for what have been called as some of the most glamorous heists ever.

They have operated in many countries and on several continents, and include Japan's most successful robbery amongst their thefts.

Yara Shahidi

Yara Sayeh Shahidi (born February 10, 2000) is an American actress, model, and activist.

She is known for her starring role as the oldest daughter Zoey Johnson on the sitcom "Black-ish" (2014–present) and its spin-off series "Grown-ish" (2018–present).

Yara Sayeh Shahidi was born in Minneapolis, Minnesota, to Keri Salter and Afshin Shahidi. Her mother, Keri Salter, is of mixed African American and Native Choctaw heritage, and her father, Afshin, is Iranian. The family moved to California for her father Afshin's work when Yara was 4 years old. She is the older sister of child actor and model Sayeed Shahidi and they have a younger brother, Ehsan. Rapper Nas is their cousin. Keri Shahidi states the name "Yara" means in Persian "Someone who is close to your heart", the name "Sayeed" means "Blessing", and "Ehsan" means "To act as though God is watching".

Shahidi graduated in 2017 from Dwight Global Online School. Starting in 2018, Shahidi began college at Harvard University with a plan to major in Interdisciplinary Sociology and African American Studies.

Kodi Smit-McPhee

Kodi Smit-McPhee (born 13 June 1996) is an Australian actor. He is known for his roles as The Boy in "The Road", Owen in "Let Me In", Norman Babcock in "ParaNorman", Alexander in "Dawn of the Planet of the Apes" and as Nightcrawler in "" and "Dark Phoenix". In 2022, he won a Golden Globe Award for his role in "The Power of the Dog" and is nominated for an Academy Award for the same role.

Smit-McPhee was born in Adelaide, South Australia. His older sister is actress and singer Sianoa Smit-McPhee.


Subtractive color

Subtractive color, or "subtractive color mixing", helps to understand what will be the color of light bounced off paper covered with some layers of inks or dyes. 

This model is the principle of how dyes and inks are used in color printing and photography printing. When the perceived color is obtained after white light passes through microscopic layers of ink or dye allowing some wavelengths of light to reach the eye, but not others.

In color printing, the usual primary colors are cyan, magenta and yellow (CMY). 

Cyan is the complement of red. So, the cyan is a filter that does not allow red color through. The amount of cyan ink put on a white sheet of paper controls how much of the red (in white light) will be reflected back from the paper. Magenta is the complement of green (does not pass it), and yellow is the complement of blue (does not pass it). Combinations of different amounts of the three hues can produce a wide range of colors.

In inkjet color printing and typical mass production printing processes, a black ink called K (Key) component is also used, called CMYK color model. 

RYB (red, yellow, blue) is an older standard set of subtractive primary colors used for mixing pigments. It is used in art, particularly in painting. 

Red, yellow, and blue are the primary colors of the RYB color "wheel". Their secondary colors are violet (or purple), orange, and green (VOG).




Horst aan de Maas

Horst aan de Maas is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 42,291 people lived there.

In 2010, the former municipalities Sevenum and part of Meerlo-Wanssum joined the municipality.

Common sandpiper

The common sandpiper ("Actitis hypoleucos") is a small bird in the genus "Actitis".It is a migratory bird. During the summer months, it can be found all over Europe, in the winter months, it will spend its time around the Mediterranean and in northern Africa.

Landgraaf

Landgraaf is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 37,591 people lived there.

McConnelsville, Ohio

McConnelsville is a village in Ohio in the United States. It is the county seat of Morgan County.

Donovan, Illinois

Donovan is a village in Illinois in the United States.

Aullville, Missouri

Aullville is a village in Lafayette County, Missouri, United States. In 2020, 77 people lived there.

Meerssen

Meerssen is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 18,923 people lived there.

Tzuyu

Chou Tzu-yu (, born June 14, 1999), known mononymously as Tzuyu (, ; ), is a Taiwanese singer. She is based in South Korea. Tzuyu is the youngest member of K-pop girl group TWICE. She is the only Taiwanese member in the group.

Stein, Netherlands

Stein is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 24,961 people lived there.

Nederweert

Nederweert is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 17,001 people lived there.

Peel en Maas

Peel en Maas is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 43,311 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2010 from the former municipalities of Helden, Kessel, Maasbree and Meijel.

Roerdalen

Roerdalen is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 20,615 people lived there.

Simpelveld

Simpelveld is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. Since 1982, Bocholtz became a part of the municipality of Simpelveld. In 2019, 10,516 people lived there. 

The Narrator (Fight Club)

The Narrator is the unnamed protagonist and unreliable narrator of the 1996 book Fight Club and it's 1999 movie version. He has DID and is also known as Tyler Durden.

The Narrator is a businessman in his 30's and is bored by his business life and can't sleep. As a result, he created the Tyler Durden persona. He and Tyler Durden came up with the idea of Fight Club and Project Mayhem, a terrorist group made for men who are unhappy with consumerism. As the Narrator slept one day, Tyler vanished. He talked to people of Project Mayhem and they called him Tyler Durden. The Narrator realized that he and Tyler Durden share the same body.

The Narrator is portrayed by Edward Norton while Tyler Durden is portrayed by Brad Pitt.

In the book and movie, the Narrator's name wasn't mentioned. He uses fake names such as Cornelius, Rupert and Travis. In the movie's script, it is Jack.

Joker (The Dark Knight)

The Joker is the main villain of the 2008 movie "The Dark Knight" and based on the DC Comics character of the same name. He was played by Heath Ledger in his last complete role.

How he got his scars is left ambiguous due to two conflicting stories. The Joker arrived to Gotham City and wanted to ruin Batman's reputation.

Heath Ledger's portrayal has been well-liked and was given several awards including Best Supporting Actor of the 2008 Academy Awards. His catchphrase "Why so serious" became well-known since the movie's release. Fellow Joker actor Mark Hamill described his take as similar to Hannibal Lecter.

Constanța County

Constanţa is a county (judeţ) of Romania. It is in the Dobruja region. Its capital city is also named Constanţa.

Constanţa County has 3 municipalities, 9 towns and 58 communes:



Phil Coulson

Philip J. "Phil" Coulson is fictional character from the Marvel Cinematic Universe (MCU) that is portrayed by Clark Gregg. He is a high-ranking agent of S.H.I.E.L.D. and one of Nick Fury's closest allies. He plays a major role as a catalyst for the formation of the Avengers. He is a recurring character in of the MCU (2008–2012) and one the main protagonists in "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." (2013–2020). He later appeared in Marvel Comics.

First appearing in "Iron Man" (2008), Phil Coulson is depicted as a S.H.I.E.L.D. agent who becomes interested in the activities of Tony Stark after he begins pulling stunts as Iron Man. He later returns in "Iron Man 2" (2010) and continues to represent S.H.I.E.L.D.'s interest in recruiting Tony Stark to join the Avengers Initiative. He returns again in "Thor" (2011), working with Clint Barton to contain Thor Odinson's hammer. He returns once last time in "The Avengers" (2012) where he brings the Avengers together and is killed by Loki Laufeyson. Coulson again appears in the television series "Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D." (2013–2020) as one of the main protagonists. A younger version of the character appears in "Captain Marvel" (2019).

Auricle

The auricle is a part of the ear that is outside the head. It is also called the pinna.



Angela White

Angela White (born 4 March 1985) is an Australian pornographic movie actress and director. White has been a member of the AVN Hall of Fame. In 2020, She became AVN's first three-time Female Performer of the Year winner.


Wait (Beatles song)

"Wait" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was written by Paul McCartney, but listed as Lennon-McCartney. It was first released on the band's 1965 album "Rubber Soul".

From Ian MacDonald:


Carter Cruise

Carter Cruise (born April 24, 1991) is an American DJ, singer, music producer, model, and pornographic actress.

Cruise was born in Atlanta, Georgia and was raised in Cary, North Carolina. She is of Cherokee and Welsh descent.

Cruise began working as an erotic model in the summer of 2013. She made her porn debut in August of the same year after contacting Florida-based talent agency East Coast Talents. In March 2014, she moved to Los Angeles and signed with the agency Spiegel Girls in June.

In 2015, Cruise became the second performer to win the AVN Awards for Best New Starlet and Best Actress in the same year, after Jenna Jameson in 1996. In October 2015, she signed an exclusive one-year contract with Axel Braun Productions.


Thalidomide scandal

Thalodomide is a drug that was developed in the 1950s. It was used as as a sedative, to treat sleeping problems, and anxiety. Its use in pregnant women in 46 countries resulted in the "biggest man‐made medical disaster ever". More than 10,000 children were born with severe deformities, as well as thousands of miscarriages. A common condition was that hands or feet were directly attached to the body, with all or part of the arm or leg missing. This condition is known as phocomelia. 

Thalidomide was introduced in 1956. The German pharmaceutical company Grünenthal marketed it as a medication for anxiety, trouble sleeping, "tension", and morning sickness. When it was introduced, it had not been tested on pregnant women. At the start, people thought it was safe in pregnancy. The first concerns regarding birth defects were noted in 1961, and the drug was removed from the market in Europe that year.

Thalidomide was developed and first released by the German pharmaceutical company Chemie Grünenthal in 1953. The company had started as a soap maker after World War II to address the urgent market need for antibiotics. Chemist Heinrich Mückter, who was a known Nazi war criminal, was appointed to head the discovery programme based on his experience researching and producing an anti-typhus vaccine for Nazi Germany. 

It is estimated than more than 10.000 people were affected by their mothers using thalidomide during their pregnancy. About 40% of the children died at birth or shortly afterwards. Those who survived had limb, eye, urinary tract, and heart defects. Its initial entry into the US market was prevented by Frances Kelsey at the FDA. The birth defects of thalidomide led to the development of greater drug regulation and monitoring in many countries.

The severity and location of the deformities depended on how many days into the pregnancy the mother was before beginning treatment; thalidomide taken on the 20th day of pregnancy caused central brain damage, day 21 would damage the eyes, day 22 the ears and face, day 24 the arms, and leg damage would occur if taken up to day 28. Thalidomide did not damage the fetus if taken after 42 days' gestation.

The total number of victims worldwide is unknown, estimates range from 10,000 to 20,000.

Because there were many reports of malformations in babies, people were made aware of the side effects of the drug. Most often, limbs are malformed, sometimes they are missing. Some side effects affect the formation of bones, the ear, the heart or other internal organs. The most common form of birth defects from thalidomide is shortened limbs, with the arms being more frequently affected. This syndrome is the presence of deformities of the long bones of the limbs resulting in shortening and other abnormalities.

In 1968, a large criminal trial began in Germany, charging several Grünenthal officials with negligent homicide and injury. After Grünenthal settled with the victims in April 1970, the trial ended in December 1970 with no finding of guilt. As part of the settlement, Grünenthal paid 100 million DM into a special foundation; the German government added 320 million DM. The foundation paid victims a one-time sum of 2,500–25,000 DM (depending on severity of disability) and a monthly stipend of 100–450 DM. The monthly stipends have since been raised substantially and are now paid entirely by the government (as the foundation had run out of money). Grünenthal paid another €50 million into the foundation in 2008.

On 31 August 2012, Grünenthal chief executive Harald F. Stock apologised for the first time for producing the drug and remaining silent about the birth defects. Stock was the Chief Executive Officer of Grünenthal GmbH from January 2009 to May 28, 2013; he was also a Member of the Executive Board until 28 May 2013. At a ceremony, Stock unveiled a statue of a disabled child to symbolise those harmed by thalidomide and apologised for not trying to reach out to victims for over 50 years. At the time of the apology, there were 5,000 to 6,000 sufferers still alive. Victim advocates called the apology "insulting" and "too little, too late", and criticised the company for not compensating victims. They also criticised the company for their claim that no one could have known the harm the drug caused, arguing that there were plenty of red flags at the time.


The disaster prompted many countries to introduce tougher rules for the testing and licensing of drugs. In the United States, the new regulations strengthened the FDA, among other ways, by requiring applicants to prove efficacy and to disclose all side effects encountered in testing. The FDA subsequently initiated the Drug Efficacy Study Implementation to reclassify drugs already on the market.


Wendessi tree frog

The Wendessi tree frog ("Litoria longicrus") is a large tree frog from New Guinea.

Spotted sandpiper

The spotted sandpiper ("Actitis macularius") is a small bird in the genus "Actitis".

Spotted sandpipers are 7.1-7.9 in (18-20 cm) long. It weighs 1.2-1.8 oz (34-50 g). It has a wingspan of 14.6-15.8 in (37-40 cm). Adults have short yellowish legs and an orange bill with a dark tip. The body is brown on top and white underneath with black spots.

They breed near fresh water across most of Canada and the United States. They migrate to the southern United States, the Caribbean, and South America. They are very rare in western Europe.

They eat insects, crustaceans and other invertebrates.

Spotted sandpipers nest on the ground. During the breeding season, females may mate with more than one male, leaving them to incubate the egg. This is called polyandry.

Lithium bromide

Lithium bromide (LiBr) is a chemical compound. It is made up of lithium and bromine. It is used as a desiccant in certain air conditioning systems.

Lithium bromide is made by treating an aqueous solution of lithium carbonate with hydrobromic acid or by reacting lithium hydroxide with bromine.

Lithium bromide is used in air-conditioning systems as desiccant. It is also used as a salt in absorption chilling along with water (see absorption refrigerator). Solid lithium bromide is used as a reagent in organic synthesis. It is also used for deprotonation and dehydration of organic compounds containing acidic protons. It is also used for the purification of steroids and prostaglandins.

Lithium carbide

Lithium carbide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiC. It is often called dilithium acetylide. It is made up of lithium and carbon. It is an acetylide. It was first produced by Moissan, in 1896 who reacted coal with lithium carbonate.

All-time Bundesliga table

The All-time Bundesliga table is a ranking of all German football clubs. It is based on their performance in the Bundesliga, the top division of German football.

This list is current as of 27 June 2020, at the end of 2019–20 season.

Key

Years includes current season
Number of consecutive seasons in the Bundesliga, counting the current one
Number of championships
Best result at the end of a season.
In the 2003–04 season, 1. FC Kaiserslautern received a three-point penalty.
In the 1999–2000 season. Eintracht Frankfurt received a two-point penalty.
In the 1971–72 season, Arminia Bielefeld's record was expunged as a penalty.
In the 1993–94 season, Dynamo Dresden received a four-point penalty.


Lithium chlorate

Lithium chlorate is an inorganic compound. Its chemical formula is LiClO. It can be made by the reaction of hot, concentrated lithium hydroxide with chlorine. Lithium chlorate dissolves very well in water. It is also a six-electron oxidant.

Lithium citrate

Lithium citrate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiCHO. It is made up of lithium and citrate. It is used as a mood stabilizer in psychiatric treatment of manic states and bipolar disorder. Lithia water contains various lithium salts, including lithium citrate.

Trie

In computer science, a trie is a type of tree (data structure). A trie is often used to store a set. Common prefixes among items within the trie are stored only once.

Treaty of Brest-Litovsk

The Treaty of Brest Litovsk was signed on March 3, 1918 between the new Bolshevik government of Russia and the Central Powers (German Empire, Austria-Hungary, Bulgaria and the Ottoman Empire). Russia lost much of its territtory by the treaty, which effectively ended its involvement in World War I.

1999–2000 Bundesliga

The 1999–2000 Bundesliga was the 37th season of the Fußball-Bundesliga. The season started on August 13, 1999 and ended on May 20, 2000. The defending champions were Bayern Munich. Bayern Munich won the league with 73 points.


<onlyinclude></onlyinclude>


Positions (album)

Positions (written in lowercase) is the sixth studio album by American singer and songwriter Ariana Grande. It was released on October 30, 2020. A deluxe version of the album was released February 19, 2021, and features five additional tracks. 

The title track is the album's lead single and was released on October 23, 2020. It entered at number one on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and became Grande's fifth US number-one song. She also became the first artist to debut five songs at number one in the US.

The track "34+35" debuted at number eight on the "Billboard" Hot 100 and became the album's second single. Its music video was released on November 17, 2020. Combined with sales of the song's remix featuring rappers Doja Cat and Megan Thee Stallion, the song later climbed to number two on the Hot 100.

All titles styled in lowercase. 

RoboCop (character)

RoboCop is a fictional character from "RoboCop". He first appeared in the 1987 movie "RoboCop".

He has been portrayed in movies by Peter Weller and in Mortal Kombat 11.

Juggernaut (comics)

The Juggernaut is a Marvel Comics supervillain created by Stan Lee and Jack Kirby in 1965.

Cain Marko is Charles Xavier's stepbrother.

He has been played by Vinnie Jones in "" and voiced by Ryan Reynolds in "Deadpool 2".

In a 2005 parody of X-Men: The Animated Series, the Juggernaut is known for cursing and saying "Don't you know who the fuck I am? I'm the Juggernaut, bitch!" The quote was well-known on YouTube that it was used in X-Men: The Last Stand.

The Emperor's New School

The Emperor's New School is an animated television series based on the Disney animated movie "The Emperor's New Groove". It focuses on Kuzco studying for school. It ran from 2006 to 2008 on Disney Channel.


Bryceland, Louisiana

Bryceland is a village in Bienville Parish, Louisiana, United States. In 2020, the population was 87.

Faro Island tree frog

The Faro Island tree frog or Solomon Islands tree frog ("Litoria lutea") is a frog from the Solomon Islands.

Euphoria (American TV series)

Euphoria is an American teen drama television series created by Sam Levinson. It is based on the Israeli miniseries of the same name created by Ron Leshem and Daphna Levi. "Euphoria" tells about a group of high school students about their experiences of sex, drugs, friendship, love, identity, and trauma. The series stars Zendaya. It was premiered on HBO on June 16, 2019. In July 2019, the series was continued for a second season.

"Euphoria" follows teenagers in the fictional town of East Highland, California, who seek hope while balancing the strains of love, loss, and addiction. Topics such as child abuse, drug abuse, toxic relationships, toxic positivity, hookup culture, mental illness, codependency, infidelity, relapsing, repressed homosexuality, sobriety, human trafficking, domestic violence, rape, toxic masculinity, drug dealing, dating violence, and grief are explored.



Submarine Command

Submarine Command is a 1951 American war movie directed by John Farrow and William Holden, Nancy Olson, William Bendix, Don Taylor, Arthur Franz, Daryl Hickman, Peggy Webber, Jerry Paris. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was a box office failure.


Lithium cobalt oxide

Lithium cobalt oxide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiCoO. It is sometimes called lithium cobaltate or lithium cobaltite. Lithium cobalt oxide is a dark blue or bluish-gray crystalline solid. It is commonly used in the positive electrodes of lithium-ion batteries.

Lithium cobalt oxide can be made by heating a stoichiometric mixture of lithium carbonate and cobalt(II,III) oxide or metallic cobalt at 600–800°C, then annealing it at 900°C for many hours, all under an oxygen atmosphere.

Grünenthal

Grünenthal is a German pharmaceutical company. It was founded in 1946. It was the first German company to sell penicillin in Germany. It became widely known because of the Thalidomide scandal of the 1950s. It had marketed thalidomide as a sedative. Thalidomide can cause birth defects,and miscarriages, if pregnant women take it. Today, over half of its revenue is made by selling sedatives. As of 2020, about 4,700 people worked for Grünenthal. The revenue of the company is about 1.4 billion euro.

Lithium cyanide

Lithium cyanide is an inorganic compound. Its chemical formula is LiCN. It is a white, hygroscopic, water-soluble salt. Lithium cyanide is made by reacting lithium hydroxide with hydrogen cyanide.

Mexican free-tailed bat

The Mexican free-tailed bat ("Tadarida brasiliensis") is a type of bat. It is also called the Brazilian free-tailed bat. It is native to North and South America.

Mexican free-tailed bats are usually 9 cm (3.5 in) long. They weigh around 7–12 g (0.25–0.42 oz). Females tend to be a little bit heavier than males. Their ears are wide, rounded, and large compared to their heads. They use their large ears to help them find prey using echolocation. The wings are long and narrow with pointed tips. The color of their fur ranges from dark brown to gray.

The Mexican free-tailed bat is found from the southern half of the United States through most of Mexico, and through most of Central America into South America. They are also found in the Caribbean. They are native to all of the Greater Antilles and 11 of the Lesser Antilles. The largest known colony is found at Bracken Cave, north of San Antonio, Texas, with nearly 20 million bats.

Mexican free-tailed bats mainly live in caves. They also live in buildings as long as they have access to openings and dark recesses in ceilings or walls.

Mexican free-tailed bats in southeastern Nevada, southwestern Utah, western Arizona, and southeastern California come together to migrate southwest to southern California and Baja California. Bats in southeastern Utah, southwestern Colorado, western New Mexico, and eastern Arizona travel through the western edge of the Sierra Madre Oriental into Jalisco, Sinaloa, and Sonora. In the summer, some bats in Kansas, Oklahoma, eastern New Mexico, and Texas migrate southward to South Texas and Mexico.

Mexican free-tailed bats are mainly insectivores. They hunt their prey using echolocation. The bats eat moths, beetles, dragonflies, flies, true bugs, wasps, and ants. They usually catch flying prey while flying.

Mexican free-tailed bats has many predators. They include red-tailed hawk, American kestrels, great horned owls, barn owls Mississippi kites, Virginia opossums, striped skunks, and raccoons. Snakes such as eastern coachwhips and eastern coral snakes may also prey on them.

Mexican free-tailed bats are nocturnal animals. They begin feeding after dusk. They travel 50 km to feed. They fly at altitudes of around 3300 m. They most active in late morning and afternoon between June and September.

Zapped (2014 movie)

Zapped is an American television movie made for Disney Channel. It stars Zendaya, Chanelle Peloso, Emilia McCarthy and Spencer Boldman. Zendaya played the lead role of Zoey Stevens.


William Blinn

William Frederick Blinn (July 21, 1937 — October 22, 2020) was an American screenwriter and television producer. He was born in Toledo, Ohio. Blinn wrote episodes of "Rawhide", "Here Come the Brides", "Gunsmoke", "The Rookies", and "Fame". He won two Emmy Awards.

Blinn died on October 22, 2020 in Burbank, California at the age of 83.

Yehuda Barkan

Yehuda Barkan (; March 29, 1945 – October 23, 2020) was an Israeli actor, movie producer, movie director, and screenwriter. He appeared in many Israeli comedy movies during the 1970s. He was born in Netanya, Mandatory Palestine. His career began in 1965. He was known for starring in "Escape to the Sun" and "Yellow Peppers".

Barkan died on October 23, 2020 in Jerusalem after being hospitalized with COVID-19, aged 75.

Last Pair Out

Last Pair Out () is a 1956 Swedish drama movie directed by Alf Sjöberg and was written by Ingmar Bergman. It stars Eva Dahlbeck, Harriet Andersson, Bibi Andersson, Björn Bjelfvenstam, Jarl Kulle, Hugo Björne, Jan-Olof Strandberg, Jullan Kindahl.


Laleh Bakhtiar

Laleh Mehree Bakhtiar (July 29, 1938 – October 18, 2020) was an Iranian-American author, translator and clinical psychologist. She was born in New York City. She translated and wrote a total of 25 books about Islam, many were about Sufism. 

She also authored or co-authored many biographical works. Her translation of the Qur'an, published in 2007 and called "The Sublime Quran", is the first translation of the Qur'an into English by an American woman.

Bakhtiar died on October 18, 2020 in Chicago, Illinois from leukemia at the age of 82.

Nick Salazar

Nick L. Salazar (April 18, 1929 – October 23, 2020) was an American politician. He was a Democratic member of the New Mexico House of Representatives, representing the 40th District from 1974 to 2019. He was born in San Juan Pueblo, New Mexico.

Salazar died on October 23, 2020 in Ohkay Owingeh, New Mexico at the age of 91.


Ohkay Owingeh, New Mexico

Ohkay Owingeh is a census-designated place (CDP) in Rio Arriba County, New Mexico, United States and a federally recognized tribe of Native American Pueblo people.
The 2020 census found that 1,464 people lived in Ohkay Owingeh,
with 6,580 in the surrounding Census County Division.

Chung So-sung

Chung So-Sung (1944 – 24 October 2020) was a South Korean writer. He was born in Bonghwa, Gyeongsangbuk-do. 

Chung So-Sung published 5 short story collections including "Tteugeo-un gang" (뜨거운 강 The Hot River), and 14 novels including "Yeojaui seong" (여자의 성 The Sex of Women), "Daedongyeojido" (대동여지도 Daedongyeojido, 5 Volumes), "Taeyangin" (태양인 The Sun People, 2 Volumes), "Du anae" (두 아내 Two Wives), and "Seolhyang" (설향). He was awarded the Dongin Literary Award, he also won the Yun Dongju Literature Award.

Chung died in Seoul on 24 October 2020 at the age of 76.

Mahesh Kumar Kanodia

Mahesh Kumar Kanodia (27 January 1937 – 25 October 2020) was an Indian politician. He represented the Patan constituency of Gujarat and was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. Before becoming a politician, he was a singer. Kanodia was born in Gujarat, India. Kanodia was a member of the Lok Sabha between 1991 to 2009.

Kanodia died in Mumbai on 25 October 2020, aged 83.

Krisztián Veréb

Krisztián Veréb (26 July 1977 – 24 October 2020) was a Hungarian sprint canoer. He competed in the late 1990s and early 2000s. He won a bronze medal in the K-2 1000 m event at the 2000 Summer Olympics in Sydney.

Veréb died in a motorcycle accident on 24 October 2020 in Budapest. He was 43.

Stephen Owusu

Stephen Owusu (26 October 1982 – 24 October 2020) was a Ghanaian footballer. He played for Kenyan Premier League side Tusker as a striker. Owusu was born in Prestea, Ghana. He made one appearance for the national team in 2003. From 2006 to 2010, he played with the Heart of Lions. His career lasted from 2001 to 2017.

Owusu died on 24 October 2020 from a long-illness in Accra, aged 37.

The Fantastic Four (unreleased movie)

The Fantastic Four is an unreleased movie produced by Roger Corman. It is the first movie based on the Marvel Comics team. It was completed in 1994 and can only be found in bootlegs.



Joel Molina Ramírez

Joel Molina Ramírez (1 November 194224 October 2020) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of the Senate, representing the state of Tlaxcala from 2019 until his death. He was a member of the National Regeneration Movement (MORENA) party. Molina was born in Ixtacuixtla, Mexico.

Molina Ramírez died of COVID-19 on October 24, 2020 in Tlaxcala, Mexico at the age of 75.

Alessandro Mancini

Alessandro Mancini (born 4 October 1975) is a Sammarinese politician. From April to October 2007, and in 2020, he was the head of state of San Marino (Capitano Reggente).

Scrappy-Doo

Scrappy-Doo is a character in the long running series "Scooby-Doo". He is a speaking dog that is Scooby-Doo’s nephew. He wasn’t well-liked. He is also the villain of the 2002 movie.

Scrappy was first voiced by Don Messick before being replaced by Scott Innes.

Bozo the Clown

Bozo the Clown is an American children's character, on the television show: "," that entertained kids throughout the 1950's until 2001.

Portrayed by:

Lithium diisopropylamide

Lithium diisopropylamide is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is [(CH)CH]NLi. It is used as a strong base. It is a colorless solid. It was first made by Hamell and Levine in 1950.

Devil Fish (1984 movie)

Monster Shark or Devil Fish in english titles, is a 1984 Italian science fiction horror-comedy thriller action monster movie directed by Lamberto Bava. this film was final film of Cinema Shares closing in 1986. provided by special effects done by Ovidio Taito and Germano Natali. filming was provided include, Florida, Italy in May 5-10 1984.
in Florida, 1984. then an mysterious thing by an mutated violent Dunkleosteus/Giant octupus hybrid named Devil Fish created by a mercenary experiment to hunt by humans by eating them. 


Achappam

Achappam is a deep-fried cookie made with rice flour. They are made using patterned irons to give any size or shape. The batter is a mixture of wheat flour, eggs, sugar and whole milk. The iron has a handle and a patterned mould at its end. The iron is heated to a very high temperature in oil. It is then dipped into the batter and then dipped in the hot oil again. The iron is lifted from the oil after the cookie separates from the iron.

Bessel's correction

Bessel's correction has high importance in calculating standard deviation. As per Bessel's correction, we should consider n-1 separation while calculating standard deviation of sampled data.

Rafinesque's big-eared bat

Rafinesque's big-eared bat ("Corynorhinus rafinesquii") is a type of vesper bat. It is sometimes called the southeastern big-eared bat. It is native to the southeastern United States.

Rafinesque's big-eared bat is around 7.5–10 cm (3.0–3.9 in) long. It has a wingspan of 25–30 cm (10–12 in). They weigh from 6–13 g (0.21–0.46 oz). The bat is gray on the dorsal side and white on the underside. The ears and face are a pinkish-brown color, while the arm and wing are dark brown.

It is found in the southeastern United States. It lives in many habitats from coastal plains and riparian areas to mountainous areas such as the Great Smoky Mountains National Park.

Rafinesque's big-eared bats are insectivorous. They are nocturnal animals. They find food mainly by echolocation. They eat lots of different kinds of insects.

Stella Artois

Stella Artois ( ) is a Belgian pilsner beer. It has an alcohol by volume (ABV) of between 4.6 and 5.2 percent. It was first brewed in Leuven, Belgium in 1926. It is also sold in Britain, Ireland, Canada and Australia at 4.8% ABV. Stella Artois is owned by Interbrew International B.V., which is a part of Anheuser-Busch InBev SA/NV.

1337x

1337x is a website that provides a directory of torrent files and magnet links. It is used for peer-to-peer file sharing via the BitTorrent protocol. According to the TorrentFreak news blog, 1337x is the second most popular torrent website as of 2020.

Reed pen

A reed pen (Greek: κάλαμοι kalamoi; singular κάλαμος kalamos) is a writing implement made by cutting and shaping a single reed straw or length of bamboo. In Arabic, it is called Qalam. Reed pens were used throughout antiquity. The reed is cut at an angle, the tip is sharpened. Ink is used to write (in antiquity onto papyrus or parchment). It is possible to write in thicker or thinner lines by varying the angle, at which the reed pen is held. A reed pen made of bronze was found in a grave in Attica, Greece, and dated to the 5th centry BC. Feathers have not been used as a writing tool before the 6th century AD.

Game Night (movie)

Game Night is a 2018 action comedy movie. It was directed by John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein and written by Mark Perez. It stars Jason Bateman and Rachel McAdams. The supporting actors are Billy Magnussen, Sharon Horgan, Lamorne Morris, Kylie Bunbury, Jesse Plemons, Michael C. Hall, and Kyle Chandler. It was released by Warner Bros. Pictures on February 23, 2018. It is about a group of friends who are playing a game when one of them gets kidnapped.

Also, the film's directors John Francis Daley and Jonathan Goldstein play Carter and Dan. Kenny (listed as "Not Denzel") is played by Malcolm X. Hughes, a part-time Denzel Washington impersonator. Jeffrey Wright plays as an actor playing Agent Ron Henderson, an FBI Agent, but is not listed.

I'm Thinking of Ending Things

I'm Thinking of Ending Things (written as i'm thinking "of" ending things in lowercase) is a 2020 American psychological horror movie written and directed by Charlie Kaufman. It stars Jesse Plemons, Jessie Buckley, Toni Collette, and David Thewlis. It is based on the 2016 novel of the same name by Iain Reid. It was released on Netflix on September 4, 2020.


Thibaut Courtois

Thibaut Nicolas Marc Courtois (born 11 May 1992) is a Belgian professional footballer. He plays as a goalkeeper for Real Madrid and the Belgium national team.

Genk

Atlético Madrid

Chelsea

Real Madrid

Belgium

Individual


Lithium disilicate

Lithium disilicate is a chemical compound. Its chemical formula is LiSiO. It is a glass ceramic. They are used as dental ceramics.

Lithium disilicate has a biaxial flexible strength in the range of 360 MPa to 400 MPa. It has high hardness (5.92 +/- 0.18 GPa) and fracture toughness (3.3 +/- 0.14 MPa m).

The Predator (movie)

The Predator is a 2018 science fiction horror comedy movie and the fourth movie in the "Predator" franchise. It was written and directed by Shane Black.


Predators (movie)

Predators is a 2010 science fiction action movie and the third movie in the "Predator" franchise. It was produced by Robert Rodriguez.


Signs (movie)

Signs is a 2002 American science fiction horror movie. It is set in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania and was directed by M. Night Shyamalan. It stars Mel Gibson and Joaquin Phoenix.


List of emirs of Qatar

The Emir of Qatar is monarch or head of goverment of Qatar.

Litoria majikthise

Litoria majikthise is a frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists saw it in the Star Mountains.

Scientists say this frog is related to "Litoria nigropunctata".

Loveless (album)

Loveless is the second studio album by Irish band My Bloody Valentine. It was released on November 4, 1991. Most critics said it is the best shoegaze album of all time. In 1999, "Pitchfork" said "Loveless" was the best album of the 1990s. My Bloody Valentine made a concert tour in Europe after the album was released. 


Being John Malkovich

Being John Malkovich is a 1999 American fantasy comedy movie written by Charlie Kaufman and directed by Spike Jonze. The movie stars John Cusack, Cameron Diaz, Catherine Keener, and John Malkovich. Malkovich plays a version of himself. Cusack plays a puppeteer who finds a portal that takes him inside Malkovich's mind. The movie was released on October 29, 1999 in the United States by USA Films.

Source:

For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide / When the Rainbow Is Enuf

For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide / When the Rainbow Is Enuf is Ntozake Shange's first work and most well known theater piece. It premiered in 1976. It is made up of a series of poetic monologues with dance movements and music. This is known as choreopoem. "for colored girls..." tells the stories of seven women who have suffered oppression in a racist and sexist society.

Ming Cho Lee

Ming Cho Lee (; October 3, 1930 – October 23, 2020) was a Chinese-American theatrical set designer. He was a professor at the Yale School of Drama. He designed over 30 productions for Joseph Papp at The Public Theater, including the original Off-Broadway production of "Hair". He won a Drama Desk Award. In 1983, he won a Tony Award.

His best known works were "Mother Courage and Her Children", "King Lear", "The Glass Menagerie", "The Shadow Box," and "For Colored Girls Who Have Considered Suicide When the Rainbow Is Enuf".

Lee died on October 23, 2020 in New York City at the age of 90.

Slaven Letica

Slaven Letica (28 June 1947 – 25 October 2020) was a Croatian author, economist, commentator and politician. He unsuccessfully ran for president in 2000. Between 2003 to 2008, he was a member of the Croatian Parliament. Letica was born in Podgora, Croatia.

Letica died on 25 October 2020 in Zagreb, Croatia at the age of 73.

The League of Gentlemen

The League of Gentlemen is a Britcom that premiered on BBC Two in 1999. The programme is set in Royston Vasey, a fictional town in northern England, originally based on Alston, Cumbria.

It is about the lives of bizarre characters, most of whom are played by three of the show's four writers – Mark Gatiss, Steve Pemberton, and Reece Shearsmith – who, along with Jeremy Dyson, formed the League of Gentlemen comedy troupe in 1995.

The series originally aired for three series from 1999 until 2002 followed by a movie in 2005.

A three-part revival mini-series was broadcast in December 2017 to celebrate the 20th anniversary of the group's first appearance on BBC Radio 4. The programme was aired on Comedy Central from summer to autumn 2000.

Brazzers

Brazzers () is a Canadian pornographic production company. It is headquartered in Montreal, Quebec, Canada and has legal residence in Limassol, Cyprus. It is an online network that consists of thirty-one hardcore 


Johnny Leeze

Johnny Leeze (born John Glen; 31 December 1941 – 25 October 2020) was a British actor. He was best known for playing Harry Clayton in long running British soap opera "Coronation Street" for a few months in 1985, and as Ned Glover on the British soap opera "Emmerdale" from 1994 to 1999. He was born in York, England.

Leeze died on 25 October 2020 from COVID-19 in England at the age of 78.

David Karnes

David Kemp Karnes (December 12, 1948 – October 25, 2020) was an American Republican politician, businessman, and attorney. He was a United States Senator from Nebraska from 1987 to 1989. He was president and chief executive officer of The Fairmont Group Incorporated. Karnes was born in Omaha, Nebraska.

In 2019, Karnes was diagnosed with skin cancer. He died on October 25, 2020 from the disease in Boston, Massachusetts at the age of 71.

Frank Bough

Frank Joseph Bough (; 15 January 1933 – 21 October 2020) was an English television presenter. He was best known as the former host of BBC sports and current affairs shows including "Grandstand", "Nationwide" and "Breakfast Time".

Bough died on 21 October 2020 at the age of 87.

François-Yves Guillin

François-Yves Guillin (7 September 1921 – 18 October 2020) was a French resistance fighter, doctor, and historian. He was born in Orléans, France. In June 1941, Guillin began his medical studies. He left school the following year to join the French Resistance and began working as a secretary under the pseudonym "Mercure" during World War II.

After the War, Guillin resumed his studies and pursued a career as a rheumatologist. Towards the end of his career, he pursued a doctorate in history. He defended a thesis on General Delestraint in 1992, and it was published in 1995. He was a Knight of the Legion of Honour.

Guillin died on 18 October 2020 in Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon, France at the age of 99.

Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon

Sainte-Foy-lès-Lyon is a commune in the Metropolis of Lyon in Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes region in eastern France.


Lyon Metropolis

The Metropolis of Lyon (), also known as (i.e. "Greater Lyon"), is a French territorial collectivity in the east-central region of Auvergne-Rhône-Alpes. It is a directly elected metropolitan authority that is made-up by the city of Lyon and most of its suburbs.

It had a population of 1,385,927 in 2017, 37.2% of whom lived in the city of Lyon.

Jean Bonhomme

Jean Bonhomme (8 June 1924 – 16 October 2020) was a French politician. He was Mayor of Caussade from 1959 to 1989. He was a member of the French National Assembly from 1968 to 1981 and again from 1986 to 1988. He was born in Puylaroque, France.

Bonhomme died on 16 October 2020 in Caussade at the age of 96.

Caussade

Caussade is a commune in the arrondissement of Montauban, located in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in the south of France.


Puylaroque

Puylaroque is a commune in the Tarn-et-Garonne department in the Occitanie region in southern France.

On the Rocks (movie)

On the Rocks is a 2020 American comedy-drama movie written and directed by Sofia Coppola. It is about a father and daughter (Bill Murray and Rashida Jones) as they investigate and stalk her suspicious husband (Marlon Wayans), who they believe is cheating on her. 

The movie had its world premiere at the New York Film Festival on September 22, 2020, and was released in a limited theatrical release on October 2, 2020, by A24, followed by digital streaming on October 23, 2020, by Apple TV+. 

It received positive reviews from critics.

Apple TV+

Apple TV+ is an ad-free subscription video on demand streaming television service of Apple Inc. that released on November 1, 2019. It was announced during their March 2019 Apple Special Event held at Steve Jobs Theater, where celebrities involved with Apple TV+ projects appeared on-stage for the announcement, including Jennifer Aniston, Oprah Winfrey, Steven Spielberg and Jason Momoa.


A24

A24 is a American independent entertainment company. It was founded on August 20, 2012, by Daniel Katz, David Fenkel, and John Hodges. The company is based in New York City. It deals with independent movies and television programs.

Diane di Prima

Diane di Prima (August 6, 1934 – October 25, 2020) was an American poet and playwright. She was a social justice activist and criticized people who bullied others because of their weight. Di Prima has authored nearly four dozen books, with her work translated into more than 20 languages. She was born in New York City. She was the co-founder of the New York Poets Theatre.

Di Prime died on October 25, 2020 at the age of 86.


Alan Abraham

Alan Rockwell Abraham, (February 1, 1931 – October 2, 2020) was a Canadian politician. He was the 27th Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia between February 1, 1984 to February 20, 1989. Abraham was born in Halifax, Nova Scotia.

In 1996, he was made a Member of the Order of Canada.

Abraham died on October 2, 2020 in Halifax at the age of 89.

Margaret Osborne duPont

Margaret Osborne duPont (born Margaret Evelyn Osborne; March 4, 1918 – October 24, 2012) was a world No. 1 American female tennis player. DuPont won a total of 37 singles, women's doubles, and mixed doubles Grand Slam titles. She won 25 of her Grand Slam titles at the U.S. Championships, which is an all-time record. He was born in Joseph, Oregon.

DuPont died on October 24, 2012 in El Paso, Texas at the age of 94.

Joseph, Oregon

Joseph is a city in Wallowa County, Oregon, United States. The population was 1,154 at the 2020 census.

Mofos

Mofos is a Canadian pornographic production company that focuses on reality pornography.

Dave Schultz (wrestler)

David Lesley Schultz (June 6, 1959 – January 26, 1996) was an American Olympic and world champion freestyle wrestler, a seven-time World and Olympic Gold medalist. Dave and his brother Mark Schultz, also a wrestler, were known for both winning gold at the same Olympics (1984). He was born in Palo Alto, California.

Schultz was murdered by John Eleuthère du Pont, a millionaire philanthropist who sponsored the private Foxcatcher wrestling team in Newtown Township, Pennsylvania at the age of 36.

Newtown Township, Delaware County, Pennsylvania

Newtown Township is a township in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. The population was 15,002 as of the 2020 census.

Masatoshi Abe

Abe died on October 25, 2020 in Tokyo at the age of 77.

Reality Kings

Reality Kings is a brand that was started by RK Netmedia. It is an internet-based hardcore pornography production company. It operates from Miami Beach, Florida.


Rosanna Carteri

Rosanna Carteri (14 December 1930 – 25 October 2020) was an Italian soprano. She was active from the 1950s through the mid-1960s. She was born in Verona, Italy.

he made her La Scala debut in 1951. Other debuts were at the Salzburg Festival as Desdemona in "Otello" in 1952 under the direction of Wilhelm Furtwängler, San Francisco as Mimi in "La bohème" in 1954, the Lyric Opera of Chicago as Marguerite in "Faust" in 1955, the Verona Arena as Mimi in 1958, Covent Garden as "Tosca" in 1960, Paris Opera in 1961 as Violetta in "La traviata".

Carteri died on 25 October 2020 in Monte Carlo at the age of 89.

Thomas Oppermann

Thomas Ludwig Albert Oppermann (27 April 1954 – 25 October 2020) was a German politician. He was a member of the Social Democratic Party (SPD). He was born in Freckenhorst, West Germany.

From 2005 until his death, he was a member of the Bundestag. He was Vice President of the Bundestag from 2017 until 2020. He was also Leader of the Social Democratic Party between 2013 to 2017. 

Oppermann died on 25 October 2020 from a heart attack at a hospital in Göttingen, Germany at the age of 66.

Warendorf

Warendorf is a town in North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, and capital of Warendorf District.

Stelio Craveirinha

Stelio Craveirinha (3 March 1950 – 11 October 2020) was a Mozambican athlete. He competed in the men's long jump at the 1980 Summer Olympics.

Craveirinha died on 11 October 2020 at a hospital in Maputo, Mozambique at the age of 70.

Louis Carter

Louis Edward Carter (February 6, 1953 – October 11, 2020) was an American professional football player. He was a running back in the National Football League (NFL). He played for the Oakland Raiders and the Tampa Bay Buccaneers. His career lasted from 1975 to 1978. He was born in Laurel, Maryland. Carter joined the security team at University of Maryland Global Campus, where he was a security coordinator.

Carter died on October 11, 2020 in Laurel from blood cancer, aged 67.

W. C. Gorden

William C. Gorden (June 30, 1930 – October 23, 2020) was an American college football player and coach. He was the head coach at Jackson State University from 1976 to 1991. Gorden was added into the College Football Hall of Fame as a coach in 2008. Gordon was born in Nashville, Tennessee.

Gorden died on October 23, 2020 at the age of 90.

Ernesto Contreras (cyclist)

Ernesto Antonio Contreras Vásquez (19 June 1937 – 25 October 2020) was an Argentine cyclist. He competed at the 1960, 1964 and the 1968 Summer Olympics. He also won the Argentine National Road Race Championships in 1959, 1970 and 1971. He was born in Mendoza, Argentina.

Contreras died on 25 October 2020 from a heart attack caused by COVID-19 in Mendoza, aged 83.

Dolores Abril

Dolores Caballero Abril (9 May 1939 – 25 October 2020) was a Spanish singer and actress. She was born in Hellín, Spain. Her music was generally Copla. She starred in "El emigrante" (1960).

From 1981 to 2004, she was married to Juanito Valderrama.

Abril died on 25 October 2020 in Seville, Spain at the age of 81.

Juanito Valderrama

Juan Valderrama Blanca (24 May 1916 – 12 April 2004), better known as Juanito Valderrama, was a Spanish flamenco and folk singer. Although he was known for singing copla. Valderrama was born in Torredelcampo, Spain. In 1960 he appeared in the "El emigrante".

Valderrama died on 12 April 2004 in Espartinas, Spain from cardiac arrest at the age of 87.


Espartinas

Espartinas is a city located in the province of Seville, Spain. According to the 2019 census, the city has a population of 15,791 people. It is twinned with Clackmannanshire in Scotland. 

Torredelcampo

Torredelcampo is a city in the province of Jaén, Spain. The village is located 11 km northwest of Jaén. According to the 2006 census (INE), the city has a population of 14,076 people.

Network (1976 movie)

Network is a 1976 American satirical black comedy-drama movie written by Paddy Chayefsky and directed by Sidney Lumet. It is about a fictional television network, UBS, and its struggle with poor ratings. The movie stars Faye Dunaway, William Holden, Peter Finch and Robert Duvall with Wesley Addy, Ned Beatty and Beatrice Straight.

"Network" had strong positive reviews. It won four Academy Awards, in the categories of Best Actor (Finch), Best Actress (Dunaway), Best Supporting Actress (Straight) and Best Original Screenplay (Chayefsky).

Paddy Chayefsky

Sidney Aaron "Paddy" Chayefsky (January 29, 1923 – August 1, 1981) was an American playwright, screenwriter and novelist. He is the only person to have won three solo Academy Awards for writing both adapted and original screenplays. He won an Academy, BAFTA and Golden Globe Award.

Boxing at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics

Boxing at the 2014 Summer Youth Olympics was held from 23 to 27 August 2014 at the Nanjing International Expo Center in Nanjing, China. For the first time three female boxing events took place at the Youth Olympics.

PASOK

PASOK, the Panhellenic socialist movement, is a social democratic political party in Greece. PASOK stands for Panellinio Sosialistiko Kinima (). It was started by Georgios Papandreou. Until 2015, it was one of two major political parties, the other was its main political rival, New Democracy (Greece). In 2019, it joined forces with other similar parties, and formed Kinima Allagis.

Boxing at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics

The Boxing competition at the 2010 Summer Youth Olympics was held from 21 August to 25 August 2010 at the Suntec Singapore International Convention and Exhibition Centre.

Lokma

Lokma are pastries made of leavened and deep fried dough, soaked in syrup or honey, sometimes coated with cinnamon or other ingredients.

Loukoumades where served to the winners of the Ancient Greek olympics. "Luqmat al-Qadi", was first made in the early medieval period and the 13th-century Abbasid Caliphate. It is mentioned in several of the existent cook books of the time. It is also mentioned in the "One Thousand and One Nights", in the story "The Porter and the Three Ladies of Baghdad".

Selection bias

Selection bias is a kind of bias that is introduced by the selection of individuals, groups or data for analysis in such a way that proper randomization is not achieved. This means that the sample may no longer represent the population to be analyzed. Sometimes, this is called selection effect. 

There are different ways a selection bias can be introduced, for example.


A statistical method called Heckman correction can correct some of these, in certain circumstances.



E.tv

e.tv (commonly referred to on-air as e) is television channel in South Africa. It is the first and only privately owned free-to-air channel in the country, The channel is the fifth terrestrial channel in the country. It came after three channels that are operated by the state-owned South African Broadcasting Corporation and the privately owned subscription-funded M-Net. In 1997, the e.tv channel bought the rights to broadcast English Premier League (EPL) matches. Later on, they also bought the rights to broadcast UEFA Champions League matches.

It is the second-most watched channel in the country, according to DStv-sourced data.

Big brown bat

The big brown bat ("Eptesicus fuscus") is a type of vesper bat. It is found in North America, the Caribbean, and the northern part of South America. The big brown bat weighs 15–26 g (0.53–0.92 oz). It has a wingspan of 32.5–35 cm (12.8–13.8 in).

It is a large microbat. It weighs 15–26 g (0.53–0.92 oz). It is 110–130 mm (4.3–5.1 in) long. Its wingspan is 32.5–35 cm (12.8–13.8 in). Its dorsal fur is reddish brown. Its ventral fur is lighter brown. Its snout, uropatagium, and wings are black and do not have any hair. Its ears are also black and short.

The big brown bat is found from southern Canada and Alaska to as far south as Colombia and Venezuela. It has also been seen in the Caribbean in both the Greater and Lesser Antilles, including Cuba, Hispaniola, Dominica, Barbados, and the Bahamas. The big brown bat has been seen from 300–3,100 m (980–10,170 ft) above sea level. It is able to live in urban, suburban, or rural environments.

Big brown bats are insectivorous. They eat many kinds of insects like beetles, flies, stone flies, mayflies, true bugs, net-winged insects, scorpionflies, caddisflies, and cockroaches.

The big brown bat is a nocturnal animal. It roosts in sheltered places during the day. It roosts in mines, caves, tunnels, buildings, bat boxes, tree cavities, storm drains, wood piles, and rock crevices. In the summer, males usually live by themselves though they may form a small group that is only made up of males.

Big brown bat mating season is in the fall. After the breeding season, pregnant females separate into maternity colonies around April. Maternity colonies range in size from 5-700 bats. The pups are blind and helpless. It weighs 3 g (0.11 oz). The pup sucks milk from its mother for one month. Pups begin flying, at three to five weeks old.

Notes

Child sexuality

When children develop into adults, their body will change. So will the way they see their body, and the way their perceive their sexuality. Child sexuality is also influenced by cultural and social values, and by education. Classical psychoanalysis looks at child sexuality, and develops models how it changes over time.

Threshold (1981 movie)

Threshold is a 1981 Canadian science fiction drama movie directed by Richard Pearce and starring Donald Sutherland, Jeff Goldblum, Sharon Acker, Mare Winningham, John Marley, Allan Nicholls.

Follow-on

In cricket, a team with many more runs than another team can make the latter team play multiple innings in a row. This allows the team that is "enforcing the follow-on" to complete fewer innings than the other team and still win in a game where multiple innings were scheduled for each team, so long as the team with fewer runs completes all of its innings.

1998–99 Premier League

The 1998–99 Premier League (known as the FA Carling Premiership for sponsorship reasons) was the seventh season of the Premier League. That season, Manchester United won the league. That year, United also won the treble: the league title, the FA Cup and the UEFA Champions League.


<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>


Eastern red bat

The eastern red bat ("Lasiurus borealis") is a type of microbat in the family Vespertilionidae. Eastern red bats are found across eastern North America. It has also been seen in Bermuda.

The color of the fur of males is brick or rusty red. The color of the fur of females is a bit more frosted shade of red. It weighs 7–13 g (0.25–0.46 oz). It is 109 mm (4.3 in) long. Its ears are short and rounded. Its wings are long and pointed. Its tail is 52.7 mm (2.07 in) long.

The eastern red bat is found throughout eastern North America and Bermuda. It is found east of the Continental Divide, including southern Canada and northeastern Mexico. In the winter, it is found in the southeastern United States and northeastern Mexico, and mainly lives in coastal areas. In the spring and summer, it can be found in the Great Lakes region and the Great Plains region.

Eastern red bats are insectivorous. They mainly eat moths. But, they also eat other insects. They eat many pests, like spongy moths, tent caterpillar moths, "Cydia" moths, "Acrobasis" moths, cutworm moths, and coneworm moths.

Eastern red bat breeding season starts in the autumn. Many males can mate with one female. Pups are born in the summer. Eastern red bats usually give birth to three pups. Eastern red bat pups learn to fly when they are a month old. After learning how to fly they are weaned. Even after the pups have learned how to fly, they stay with their mother for a short time before staying by themselves.

Next German federal election

The next German federal election will be held on or before 26 October 2025 to elect the members of the 21st Bundestag. The date will be selected by the President of Germany.

Scam 1992

Scam 1992: The Harshad Mehta Story is an Indian Hindi-language drama web-series directed by Hansal Mehta. It is based on the 1992 Indian stock market scam that was committed by stockbroker Harshad Mehta. The series is based on the book "The Scam: Who Won, who Lost, who Got Away" which was written by journalist Sucheta Dalal and Debashish Basu. It stars Pratik Gandhi, Sharib Hashmi, Shreya Dhanwanthary, Hemant Kher and Nikhil Dwivedi. The series premiered on SonyLIV on 9 October 2020. The series is currently the highest rated Hindi-language Indian web series on IMDb with a rating of 9.6 out of 10.


Vice President of Iraq

Iraq has had three vice presidents or deputy presidents serving concurrently.

Ayad Allawi

Ayad Allawi ( ; born May 31, 1944) is an Iraqi politician. He was Vice President of Iraq from 2014 to 2015 and from 2016 to 2018. 

He was interim Prime Minister of Iraq from 2004 to 2005 and the President of the Governing Council of Iraq (38th Prime Minister of Iraq) in 2003. 

Mustafa Al-Kadhimi

Mustafa Al-Kadhimi (; born 5 July 1967 as Mustafa Abdul-Latif Mishatat ), alternatively spelt Mustafa Al-Kadhimiy, is an Iraqi politician. He became the Prime Minister of Iraq on 6 May 2020. Kadhimi is also the 43rd Prime Minister since the country's independence in 1932 and the fourth overall under the 2005 constitution.

He is also a former director of the Iraqi National Intelligence Service, originally appointed in June 2016.

He worked as journalist, documentalist and human rights and democracy activist in the 2000s after fall of Saddam in 2003.

In the early hours of 7 November 2021, he survived an assassination attempt when an explosive drone targeted his home in Baghdad.

ANZ

The Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited, commonly called ANZ, is the third largest bank by market capitalisation in Australia, after the Commonwealth Bank and Westpac Banking Corporation. Australian operations make up the largest part of ANZ's business, with commercial and retail banking dominating. ANZ is also the largest bank in New Zealand, where the legal entity became known as ANZ National Bank Limited in 2003 and changed to ANZ Bank New Zealand Limited in 2012. From 2003 to 2012, it operated two brands in New Zealand, ANZ and the National Bank of New Zealand. The National Bank brand was retired in 2012, with a number of branches closing and others converting to ANZ branches.

In addition to operations throughout Australia and New Zealand, ANZ also operates in 34 other nations.

ANZ was named the most sustainable bank globally in the 2008 Dow Jones Sustainability Index making it the 2nd year in a row ANZ has been granted the title. In 2007 the title was shared with another Australian bank, Westpac, which had held the title for the previous five years.

ANZ was established on 1 October 1951, when the Bank of Australia merged with the Union Bank of Australia Limited.

Commonwealth Bank

The Commonwealth Bank of Australia (CBA), or CommBank, is an Australian multinational bank with businesses across New Zealand, Asia, the United States and the United Kingdom. It provides a variety of financial services including retail, business and institutional banking, funds management, superannuation, insurance, investment and broking services. The Commonwealth Bank is the largest Australian listed company on the Australian Securities Exchange as of August 2015 with brands including Bankwest, Colonial First State Investments, ASB Bank (New Zealand), Commonwealth Securities (CommSec) and Commonwealth Insurance (CommInsure). Commonwealth Bank is also the largest bank in the Southern Hemisphere.

Founded in 1911 by the Australian Government and fully privatised in 1996, the Commonwealth Bank is one of the "big four" Australian banks, with the National Australia Bank (NAB), ANZ and Westpac. The bank was listed on the Australian Stock Exchange in 1991.

The former global headquarters of Commonwealth Bank were the Commonwealth Trading Bank Building on the corner of Pitt Street and Martin Place, Sydney, which was refurbished from 2012 for retail and commercial uses, and (from 1984 to 2012) the State Savings Bank Building on Martin Place, which was sold in 2012 to Macquarie Bank. The headquarters were moved to Tower 1, 201 Sussex Street and two new nine-storey buildings which were built at the site of the former Sega World Sydney, in Darling Harbour on the western side of Sydney's city centre.

In 2018, findings from the Royal Commission into Misconduct in the Banking, Superannuation and Financial Services Industry have indicated a negative culture within the Bank, amid allegations of fraud, deception, and money laundering, among various other crimes.

Westpac

Westpac Banking Corporation, known simply as Westpac, is an Australian bank and financial services provider headquartered in Sydney. Founded in 1817 as the Bank of New South Wales, it acquired the Commercial Bank of Australia in 1982 before being renamed shortly afterwards. It is one of Australia's "big four" banks and is Australia's first and oldest banking institution. Its name is a portmanteau of "Western" and "Pacific".

As of March 2018, Westpac has 14 million customers, and employs almost 40,000 people.

National Australia Bank

National Australia Bank (abbreviated NAB, branded nab) is one of the four largest financial institutions in Australia in terms of market capitalisation, earnings and customers. NAB was ranked 21st largest bank in the world measured by market capitalisation and 52nd largest bank in the world as measured by total assets in 2019. NAB operated 1,590 branches and service centres; and 4,412 ATMs across Australia, New Zealand and Asia serving 12.7 million customers.

NAB has a "AA-" long term issuer rating by Standard & Poor's

Daiwa

Daiwa Securities Group is a Japanese investment bank that is the second largest securities brokerage after Nomura Securities.

Major subsidiaries include "Daiwa Securities", which offers retail services such as online trading to individual investors and investment banking services in Japan as well as "Daiwa Capital Markets", the firm's international investment banking arm (with a presence across Asia, Europe and North America) that provides M&A advisory, sales and trading services in a variety of financial products to corporate and institutional clients. Other group companies provide asset management, research and private equity fund services.

The company is the fourth largest shareholder in SL Green.

Surakshya Panta

Surakshya Panta () is a Nepalese actress and model. She made her acting debut as an actress in Alok Nembang's "Ajhai Pani" in a supporting role. Panta received popularity after her role in "Dhanapati".

Australian Securities Exchange

Australian Securities Exchange Ltd, or ASX Limited (ASX), is an Australian public company that operates Australia's primary securities exchange, the Australian Securities Exchange (sometimes referred to outside of Australia as the Sydney Stock Exchange). It was formed on 1 April 1987, through incorporation under legislation of the Australian Parliament as an amalgamation of the six state securities exchanges, and merged with the Sydney Futures Exchange in 2006.

Today, ASX has an average daily turnover of 4.685 billion and a market capitalisation of around A$1.6 trillion, making it one of the world's top 15 listed exchange groups.

ASX Clear is the clearing house for all shares, structured products, warrants and ASX Equity Derivatives.

Conservation-dependent species

A conservation-dependent species is any plant, animal, or other living thing that would become endangered or die out if human beings did not help it. It is a conservation status. The IUCN Red List is one group that decides which species are conservation dependent and which are not.

Some conservation-dependent species live in zoos or aquariums. Others live in places that park rangers and other people protect from illegal hunters. So some conservation-dependent species are extinct in the wild and others are not.

Solar year

The solar year (also called tropical year) is a calendar system based on the orbit of the Earth around the Sun. The Gregorian Calendar is an example of a solar calendar. Each year is slightly more then 365 days in a solar calendar; which is why there are leap days every 4 years.

Bank of Hong Kong

Bank of Hong Kong Limited, BOHK, is a smaller part of Bank of Hong Kong Holdings. It is the second-largest commercial banking group in Hong Kong in terms of how much money and property it has and how much money its customers have in the bank. It had around 197 branches in Hong Kong as of end 2016. It is also one of the three commercial banks licensed by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority to issue banknotes for the Hong Kong dollar.

BOHK is also the biggest member and a founder of the JETCO ATM and payment system. It is the official clearing bank in Hong Kong for exchanges of money or property involving the Renminbi (RMB / CNH).

BOHK was established on October 1, 2001 from a merger of 12 smaller and associate banks in Hong Kong, including the Bank of Communications, China & South Sea Bank, China State Bank Limited, Hua Chiao Commercial Bank, Kincheng Banking Corporation, Kwangtung Provincial Ban, National Commercial Bank Limited, National Industrial Bank of China, Sin Hua Bank Limited, Wo Sang Bank, Yien Yieh Commercial Bank, and Young Brothers Banking Corporation, and listed on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange in October 2002. As of the end of 2016, the bank had HK$2,327 billion in assets and operating profit of HK$29 billion. Its head office is in the Bank of Hong Kong Tower in Central, Hong Kong. The head office, completed in 1988, and was the first building outside of North America to be more than 1,000 feet (300 m) high.

Karaundi, Ayodhya

Karaundi (Hindi: करौंदी) is a village in Bikapur tehsil in Faizabad district (now Ayodhya district) in the indian state of Uttar Pradesh, India. Haiderganj is nearest town from Karaundi, Ayodhya. District headquarters Ayodhya city is 43 km far from Karaundi.

Karaundi village is situated on the border of Ayodhya and Ambedkar Nagar district.

Ruud Krol

Rudolf Jozef Krol (born 24 March 1949) is a retired Dutch footballer who was capped 83 times for the Netherlands national team. Most of his career he played for his home town club, Ajax, and he became a coach after retirement. Regarded as one of the best defenders of all time, Krol mainly played as a sweeper or left-back, however he could play anywhere across the back line, or in midfield as a defensive midfielder, due to his range of passing with both feet, temperament, tactical intelligence, and ability to start attacking plays after winning back the ball.

He began his career at Ajax under manager Rinus Michels in 1968. In his first season at the club he did not play much. After the departure of left-back Theo van Duivenbode in the summer of 1969 to Feyenoord, Krol became a regular player. When Ajax reached the UEFA European Cup in 1971, and won, Krol did not play because of a broken leg. Krol did play in the European Cup finals of 1972 and 1973. While others such as Johan Cruijff and Johan Neeskens left for new pastures, Krol, captain since the departure of Piet Keizer in October 1974, stayed at Ajax until June 1980.

He moved to the North American Soccer League to play for the Vancouver Whitecaps for one season. He then joined S.S.C. Napoli where he played for the next four seasons. His last club before he retired in 1986 was the French club AS Cannes, at the time in Ligue 2 (the French 2nd division).

Internationally, Krol made his debut for the Netherlands in 1969 against England, retiring from international football in 1983. He was a crucial component in the "Total Football" side of the 1970s. A versatile defender, he could play in any position along the back four or midfield. In the 1974 FIFA World Cup, in which the Netherlands reached the final, Krol primarily played at left-back. He created Cruijff's goal against Brazil and scored a 25-yard screamer against Argentina.

By the time the 1978 FIFA World Cup came about, Krol had switched to playing as a sweeper and had earned the captain's armband after the retirement of Cruijff.

Krol played for the Netherlands as captain at the 1980 European Championship. He played for part of the qualifying for Euro 84, and played his last international in 1983.

In his managerial career, he has been head coach of Egypt, and has been assistant manager of the Netherlands (under Frank Rijkaard and Louis van Gaal) and Ajax (under Ronald Koeman). He became interim manager of Ajax after the resignation of Koeman. He was manager of AC Ajaccio in France Ligue 2 from 2006 to 2007. He returned as manager of Egyptian giants Zamalek in August 2007. He had previously managed them from 1994 to 1999, winning the Egyptian Cup in 1999, the African Cup of Champions Clubs in 1996 and the Afro-Asian Club Championship 1997, the last two being the biggest club level prizes available to CAF clubs. Krol's return to Zamalek was meant to be a stabilizing presence, the club having gone through several managers in the preceding two seasons.
His stay however would be a short one. He ended his sole season by winning one Egyptian Cup with Zamalek, within one season he would leave and sign a three-year contract with the South African giants Orlando Pirates.

In the three years with the Orlando Pirates he won two South African cups (and a finalist once) and won the national league, all in his last year in charge of the team.
Those cups include MTN8 and Nedbank Cup. Despite that success his contract was not renewed.

He won the Tunisian championship with CS Sfaxien in 2012–2013, after a fierce battle with the other 3 of the Tunisian big 4. 
After that success, he was contacted to lead the Tunisian national team in the play off qualifying to the 2014 world cup against Cameroon. He accepted that role and simultaneously became manager of CS Sfaxien and Tunisia in September 2013. 
He won the 2013 CAF Confederation Cup with Sfaxien. 
He resigned from his duties as Sfaxien coach after the second leg of the final against TP Mazembe on 30 November 2013. He quit as the national team interim coach following Tunisia's loss in the World Cup play-off.

In January 2014, he was appointed new head coach of Tunisian side ES Tunis.

On 6 July 1972, Krol married Yvonne van Ingen. The couple have a daughter. On 26 September 1974, together with teammate Arie Haan, he opened a snack bar on Reguliersbreestraat in Amsterdam.

Ajax

Netherlands

Individual

Ajaccio

Zamalek

Orlando Pirates

CS Sfaxien

Esperance

Raja Casablanca
Egyptian Olympic Team (U23)

Egypt

Netherlands (ass. Coach under Frank Rijkard)

Individual

Resident Evil (2002 movie)

Resident Evil is a 2002 science fiction action horror movie directed by Paul W.S. Anderson and based on the "Resident Evil" video game franchise. It starred Milla Jovovich and Michelle Rodriguez.



Resident Evil: Apocalypse

Resident Evil: Apocalypse is a 2004 action horror movie directed by Alexander Witt and a sequel to 2002's Resident Evil. It starred Milla Jovovich.

After Alice left the Hive, the T-Virus had corrupted Raccoon City.


Resident Evil (1996 video game)

Resident Evil, known in Japan as , is a survival horror video game developed and published by Capcom. It is the first game in the "Resident Evil" series. It inspired a wave of zombie movies since it's release and a long-lasting franchise including several sequels, a prequel and a remake.

The game can let players play as either Jill Valentine or Chris Redfield of S.T.A.R.S.

The game is known for its cheesy dialogue, particularly the "Jill sandwich" line from Barry.


Resident Evil (2002 video game)

Resident Evil, known in Japan as , is a survival horror video game developed and published by Capcom and a remake of the 1996 game of the same name. It has improved graphics, dialogue and gameplay. It was first released as a Nintendo GameCube exclusive game alongside the original game's prequel, "Resident Evil Zero".

The game can let players play as either Jill Valentine or Chris Redfield of S.T.A.R.S.

Resident Evil Zero

Resident Evil Zero, known in Japan as , is a survival horror video game developed and published by Capcom and a prequel of the Resident Evil game series.



Shark Tale (video game)

Shark Tale is a 2004 video game based on the animated movie of the same name. It was released by Activision for the Game Boy Advance, Nintendo GameCube, PlayStation 2 and Xbox on September 2004.

The game lets the player play as Oscar for dancing and racing levels.

Sly Cooper (character)

Sly Cooper is the titular protagonist of the video game series of the same name. He is voiced by Kevin Miller in all of his appearances.

Sly Cooper was raised by his father, Conner Cooper who taught him about his thieving heritage from the book called the Thievius Raccoonus. On a night he was supposed to keep the book, a group of villains known as the Fiendish Five, lead by Clockwerk killed Conner and kept the book. Sly was sent to an orphanage and met a smart turtle named Bentley and a hippo named Murray.

Sly is suave, hip and likable at the same time.

Resident Evil: Extinction

Resident Evil: Extinction is a 2007 action horror movie directed by Russell Mulcahy and a sequel to 2004's "". It starred Milla Jovovich.

The T-Virus spread all over the world after it left Raccoon City.



Mortal Kombat (2021 movie)



Hulk (video game)

Hulk is a 2003 action video game based on the 2003 Ang Lee movie of the same name. It was developed by Radical Entertainment. It had Eric Bana returning as the voice of Bruce Banner from the movie. It is also a sequel to the events of the movie.

The game has levels where the Hulk can destroy the environment and where Bruce Banner can stealthily avoid enemies.

It has been 8 years since Bruce Banner returned from South America.


The Incredible Hulk (movie)

The Incredible Hulk is a 2008 American superhero movie directed by Louis Leterrier and based on the Marvel character Hulk by Stan Lee. It is a reboot to the 2003 movie and the second movie of the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Bruce Banner has been staying at Brazil to find a way to suppress his anger.



If I Needed Someone

"If I Needed Someone" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was written by the band's lead guitarist George Harrison. It was first released outside of North America on the Parlophone version of the band's 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It was released in North America on the 1966 Capitol album "Yesterday and Today". It was played during the band's 1965 UK tour, meaning it was the only song played live by the band that George Harrison wrote.<ref name="Unterberger/AM"></ref>

According to Ian MacDonald, the line-up on the Beatles' recording was as follows:



ArcelorMittal

ArcelorMittal is an Indian-Luxembourgish multinational corporation with its headquarters in Luxembourg City. It was formed in 2006 when Arcelor was taken over by Mittal Steel. It produces more steel than any other company in the world, with a yearly steel production of 97 million metric tonnes. In 2009, it was ranked at 120th in the Fortune Global 500 of the world's largest corporations.

List of prime ministers of Qatar

The prime minister of Qatar is a second head of government of Qatar

Prime Minister of the United Arab Emirates

The prime minister of UAE is a second head of goverment of the United Arab Emirates.

Juan R. Torruella

Juan Rafael Torruella del Valle Sr. (June 7, 1933 – October 26, 2020) was an American politician, lawyer and Olympic sailor. He was a judge of the United States Court of Appeals for the First Circuit from 1984 until his death. He was chief judge of that court from 1994 to 2001. He was the first and, to date, only Hispanic to serve on the First Circuit.

He was, from 1974 to 1984 on the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico. He was also a former competitive sailor, competing for the Puerto Rican team at the Summer Olympic Games in 1964, 1968, 1972, and 1976.

Torruella was born in San Juan, Puerto Rico. He died on October 26, 2020 in Boston, Massachusetts at the age of 87.

David Braley

David Osborn Braley (May 31, 1941 – October 26, 2020) was a Canadian politician, sports owner and businessman. He was the owner of the BC Lions, the Toronto Argonauts and Hamilton Tiger-Cats. He was appointed to the Senate of Canada in 2010 as a Conservative, but resigned three years later. He was a member of the Order of Canada and the Canadian Football Hall of Fame. He was born in Montreal, Quebec.

Braley died on October 26, 2020 from diabetes-related problems in Burlington, Ontario at the age of 79.

Burlington, Ontario

Burlington is a city in the Regional Municipality of Halton at the northwestern end of Lake Ontario in Ontario, Canada.

Burlington lies between Lake Ontario's north shore and the Niagara Escarpment.

CJXY 107.9

CHKX 94.7


Jan Boerman

Jan Boerman (30 June 1923 – 25 October 2020) was a Dutch composer. He worked in electronic music, starting in 1959. He was born in The Hague. He worked for the Delft Polytechnic in Utrecht and at the Institute of Sonology. 

Boerman received the Matthijs Vermeulen Award Prize for his entire body of work in 1981 and the Willem Pijper Prize for his composition "Vocalise 1994" in 1997. 

Boerman died on 25 October 2020 at the age of 97.

Margie Bowes

Margie Marie Bowes (March 18, 1941 – October 22, 2020) was an American country music singer. She was popular in the late 1950s. She had a top 10 country hit, "Poor Old Heartsick Me", in 1959. She was born in Roxboro, North Carolina. Her career began in 1958. She was known for competing at the Grand Ole Opry with Kitty Wells, Jean Shepard, Connie Hall and Patsy Cline.

Bowes died on October 22, 2020 in Brentwood, Tennessee at the age of 79.

Roxboro, North Carolina

Roxboro ( ) is a city and the county seat of Person County, North Carolina in the United States. The population was 8,134 at the 2020 census.

Jean Shepard

Ollie Imogene "Jean" Shepard (November 21, 1933 – September 25, 2016) was an American honky-tonk singer-songwriter. Shepard released a total of 73 singles to the Hot Country Songs chart. She recorded a total of 24 studio albums between 1956 and 1981, and became a member of the Grand Ole Opry in 1955.

Connie Hall

Connie Hall (born June 24, 1929) is an American country music singer. She had brief success as a country music artist in the late 1950s and 1960s. She is also a songwriter. Hall was born in Whitley County, Kentucky. 

For three more years, Hall remained under Decca Records, making seven more hits, such as "Sleep, Baby Sleep" and "Fool Me Once". Also during this time, she performed on the Grand Ole Opry, Louisiana Hayride, and Midwestern Hayride. In 1964, Hall left Decca Records and switched to Musicor Records, where she remained until 1967.


Jesse Arnelle

Hugh Jesse Arnelle (December 30, 1933 – October 21, 2020) was an American basketball player and attorney. He was born in New Rochelle, New York. From 1955 to 1956, he played for the Fort Wayne Pistons.

Arnelle died on October 21, 2020 from heart disease in San Francisco, aged 86.

Pin Point, Georgia

Pin Point is an unincorporated community in Chatham County, Georgia, United States; it is located southeast of Savannah. Pin Point is part of the Savannah Metropolitan Statistical Area.

The town is best known as the birthplace of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas on June 23, 1948.

Dean Bandiera

Dean "Dino" Bandiera (January 1, 1926 – October 13, 2020) was a Canadian football player. He played for the Montreal Alouettes, Saskatchewan Roughriders, Winnipeg Blue Bombers and Calgary Stampeders. Bandiera retired from football in 1955 when he was "fired" by the Calgary Stampeders. His career began in 1946. He was born in Timmins, Ontario.

Bandiera died on October 13, 2020 in Montreal, Quebec at the age of 94.

Mystic River (movie)

Mystic River is a 2003 American neo-noir mystery drama movie directed and scored by Clint Eastwood. It stars Sean Penn, Tim Robbins, Kevin Bacon, Laurence Fishburne, Marcia Gay Harden, and Laura Linney. The screenplay, written by Brian Helgeland, was based on the 2001 novel of the same name by Dennis Lehane. 

The movie was nominated for Academy Awards for Best Picture, Best Director, Best Actor for Penn, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Supporting Actress for Harden, and Best Supporting Actor for Robbins. 

Dennis Lehane

Dennis Lehane (born August 4, 1965) is an American author. He has published more than a dozen novels. His best known book is "A Drink Before the War". 

Some of his books were made into movies: "Mystic River", directed by Clint Eastwood, which won several awards; 2007’s "Gone Baby Gone"; and 2010’s "Shutter Island" directed by Martin Scorsese.

Gone Baby Gone

Gone Baby Gone is a 2007 American neo-noir mystery thriller crime movie directed by Ben Affleck. It is his first directed movie. Affleck co-wrote the screenplay with Aaron Stockard based on the 1998 novel "Gone, Baby, Gone" by Dennis Lehane.

The movie stars Casey Affleck and Michelle Monaghan as two private investigators hunting for a young girl abducted from her single mother's apartment in the Boston neighborhood of Dorchester. The supporting cast includes Morgan Freeman, Ed Harris, and Amy Ryan.

Titus Welliver

Titus B. Welliver (born March 12, 1962) is an American actor. He is best known for his roles of the Man in Black in "Lost", Silas Adams in "Deadwood", Jimmy O’Phelan in "Sons of Anarchy", and the title role in the television series "Bosch".

John Ashton (actor)

John David Ashton (born February 22, 1948) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in the movies "Beverly Hills Cop", "Beverly Hills Cop II", and "Midnight Run".

Prince of the City

Prince of the City is a 1981 American crime drama movie directed by Sidney Lumet and was based on the 1978 novel of the same name by Robert Daley. It stars Treat Williams, Jerry Orbach, Bob Balaban, Lindsay Crouse, Kenny Marino, James Tolkan, Cynthia Nixon and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1982.


Internet Movie Cars Database

Internet Movie Cars Database or IMCDb is a online database of cars, bikes, trucks, buses and other motor vehicle appearances in movies. It was founded in 2004.

Kevin Dunn

Kevin Dunn (born August 24, 1956) is an American actor who has played in many supporting roles. He was born in Chicago, Illinois. He has been in movies since the 1980s. He has also been in many television roles. Dunn was in the movie "Mississippi Burning", the television show "Forever Knight", and the Netflix show "The Umbrella Academy".

Seminole bat

The Seminole bat ("Lasiurus seminolus") is a type of bat in the family Vespertilionidae.

The Seminole bat is often confused with the red bat. The Seminole bat has a mahogany color with a frosted look because to white tipped dorsal hairs. They weigh around 12 grams. Females are larger than males.

The Seminole bat is found in the Southeastern United States. This includes Louisiana, Georgia, Alabama, Mississippi, South Carolina and parts of Texas, Tennessee, Arkansas and North Carolina. It has also been seen as far as Mexico. It is a migratory species. In the winter, it lives along the Gulf Coast, North and South Carolina, and southern Arkansas. In the summer, they migrate as far north as Missouri and Kentucky.

It prefers to live in forested areas. In winter, they are found to use leaf litter and Spanish moss as insulation in their roost sites.

Seminole bats are insectivores. They eat large amounts of Hymenoptera (ants, bees and wasps), Coleoptera (beetles), Lepidoptera (moths). They have also been shown to eat smaller amounts of Homoptera (cicadas) and Diptera (flies).

Hoary bat

The hoary bat ("Aeorestes cinereus") is a type of bat in the family Vespertilionidae. It is found throughout most of North America and much of South America. It is also found in the Galápagos Islands and Hawaii.

The hoary bat is 13 to 14.5 cm (5.1 to 5.7 in) long. It has a wingspan of 40 cm (15.5 in). It weighs 26 g (0.92 oz). Its fur is dense and dark brown, with white tips to the hairs. The body is covered in fur except for the undersides of the wings. Males and females are sexually dimorphic in body mass.

It normally roosts alone on trees. But sometimes, it has been seen in caves with other bats. It prefers woodland, mainly coniferous forests, but hunts over open areas or lakes. It hunts alone and it mainly eats moths. The bats can travel 39 km (24 mi) while foraging. In the winter, they live in Central America and the southwestern United States. In the spring and summer, they live in the United States and Canada.

The reproductive cycle of the hoary bat is not yet fully understood. But, it is thought that they mate in August. It is also thought that they give birth in June of the following year. It is thought that the gestation period is only 40 days. It gives birth to one pup, or sometimes twins. The young ones stay with the mother for a month before leaving.

Northern yellow bat

The northern yellow bat ("Dasypterus intermedius") is a type of bat in the family Vespertilionidae. It is usually awake throughout the year except during extremely cold winter weather. When it is extremely cold they will induce torpor.

The northern yellow bat has an average length of 14 cm. It weighs of 14-31 g. It has a wingspan of 35–41 cm. Its fur ranges in color from yellow orange to gray-brown, and is dark tipped.

It is mainly found along the coastal regions of the southeastern United States and eastern Texas, Cuba, Mexico, Belize, Costa Rica, El Salvador, Guatemala, and Honduras. It has been seen in Virginia, North Carolina, and Pennsylvania.

It usually lives in wooded areas near permanent bodies of water or coastal habitats with Spanish moss or palm trees. They roost within the Spanish moss itself or under the dead hanging fronds of palm trees.

They eat true bugs, flies, mosquitoes, beetles, leafhoppers, flying ants, and on the rare occasion, damselflies and dragonflies.

The Northern yellow bat mates in autumn and sometimes in winter. They give birth in late May or early June. They usually give birth to two pups. The baby northern yellow bats start flying between June and August.

Gao Fengwen

Gao Fengwen (; 23 November 1939 – 27 October 2020) was a Chinese football coach and a former international football player. He was born in Kaiyuan, Liaoning. From 1957 to 1973, he played for Liaoning FC. From 1965 to 1973, he played with the national team. He also managed the national team between 1986 to 1990.

Gao died on 27 October 2020 in Beijing, aged 80.


Truth and Reconciliation Commission (South Africa)

The Truth and Reconciliation Commission (TRC) was a court-like system that was created in South Africa after the end of apartheid. Witnesses who were victims of gross human rights violations during apartheid were invited to give statements about their experiences, and some were selected for public hearings. 

Perpetrators of violence could also give testimony and request amnesty from both civil and criminal prosecution.

The TRC, the first of the 1003 held internationally to stage public hearings, was seen by many as a crucial component of the transition to full and free democracy in South Africa. It was controversial to some because many people who committed crimes were either acquitted or never prosecuted.

The Landlady (short story)

"The Landlady" is a short story by Roald Dahl. It was first published in a magazine called The New Yorker, in 1959. It was also included in a collection of short stories, called "Kiss Kiss", published in 1960. It won the Edgar Awards in 1960, in the category "Best Short Story Mystery" in 1960. 

Collin College

Collin College is a public community college in Collin County, Texas. It opened in 1985 and has more than 59,000 students.

Rocket Raccoon

Rocket Raccoon is a Marvel Comics character. He is Groot's best friend and translator. The character is one of the main characters of the "Guardians of the Galaxy" comics.

He was an animal that was biologically modified by the Loonies, and Rocket became the partner of the Flora Colossus Groot and member of the Guardians of the Galaxy.

He was created by Bill Mantlo and the late Keith Giffen, and first appeared in "Incredible Hulk # 271" in May of 1982.

Rocket has been voiced by Bradley Cooper in four movies and has been voiced by Billy West and Trevor Devall in cartoons.

Beast (comics)

Hank McCoy (also known as Beast) is a fictional character, a Marvel Comics superhero created by writer Stan Lee and artist/co-writer Jack Kirby. The character first appeared in "X-Men" #1 in November 1963. He has become a member of the mutant group, the X-Men and is a genius despite his animal-like appearance. He is also a mutant and is incredibly agile and strong with distinctive blue fur covering his entire body. In fact, Beast is both the brains and brawn of the team, preferring to think his way out of danger but more than capable of putting up a fight if he feels threatened or that his friends are in danger. He has been taken in a more darker Direction since The Krakon Age.

The character has appeared in television series, video games, and action figures. He has been adapted into motion pictures and is played by Kelsey Grammer and Nicholas Hoult.

Cyclops (Marvel Comics)

Scott Summers (also known as Cyclops) is a fictional character, a Marvel Comics superhero created by writer Stan Lee and artist/co-writer Jack Kirby. The character first appeared in "The X-Men" #1 in November 1963. He has been adapted into motion pictures and is played by James Marsden and Tye Sheridan. 

Scott Summers is a mutant. He was orphaned as a young boy when his parents died in a plane crash. He survived with his younger brother, Alex Summers. The two brothers were then separated and sent to orphanages. When he was a teenager, Scott was adopted by Charles Xavier, the founder of the X-Men and the headmaster of Xavier's School for Gifted Youngsters (a school for mutants). Under Xavier, Scott learned to control his powers with special glasses, as Scott cannot control them by himself due to an injury he got in the plane crash. Xavier made Scott the first leader of the X-Men, which was made up of four other teenage mutants. 

Scott Summers is the son of Christopher Summers, a pilot. He has two brothers, Alex and Gabriel. Scott did not know that he had a second brother for a long time. Scott has multiple children. They are all powerful mutants. His daughter's name is Rachel. She is from an alternate future and can move things with her mind. Scott has a son named Nathan Christopher, and there are multiple versions of him because of time travel. The most well-known version is Cable, a large man with a mechanical arm. The other well-known version is Nate Grey, who is from another alternate timeline.

Scott Summers has been in many romantic relationships. His most famous is with Jean Grey, a very powerful telepath and telekinetic. Jean is Rachel's mother. Jean and Scott have been married twice. Scott has also been married to a woman named Madelyn Pryor, a clone of Jean Grey. Scott did not know Madelyn was a clone when he married her. Madelyn is Nathan Christopher's mother, but Jean Grey helped raise him after Madelyn's first death. Scott has also been in a relationship with Emma Frost, another powerful mutant.

Scott has several close friends among the X-Men. Wolverine (also known as Logan) is one of Scott's best friends, but they tend to fight a lot over their different beliefs. Storm (also known as Ororo Munroe) is also very close with Scott. She has co-lead the X-Men with him many times. Scott considers many X-Men members to be like his family.

Scott is not friends with many superheroes outside of the X-Men because he is a mutant. The exception to this is the young team of heroes called the Champions, who befriended a teenage version of Scott who got pulled into his future for a short time. The adult version of Scott still sees the Champions as his friends in his present day.

Scott Summers has natural superpowers because he is a mutant. His mutant power is to be able to shoot powerful red beams out of his eyes. His beams can knock down large objects, but do not produce heat like a laser. Scott needs special glasses or a visor to control his beams because of a head injury. With his visor, Scott can change the size and power of his beams, from very wide and strong to very focused. Scott is also able to do complicated math in his head to know the angles he needs to bounce his beams just right. Outside of his mutant powers, Scott is a very good tactical leader and is good with children.

The Grinch (movie)

The Grinch is a 2018 American computer-animated comedy-drama Christmas movie. "The Grinch" is based on the 1957 Dr. Seuss book, "How the Grinch Stole Christmas!" and the 1966 TV Christmas special. "The Grinch" was released on November 9, 2018.


SC Fortuna Köln

SC Fortuna Köln is a German football club. They play in the Regionalliga West, the fourth division of German football. They are based in the city of Cologne, North Rhine-Westphalia.

The club's honours:


Ismail Ayob

Ismail Ayob (born 1942) is a South African lawyer. During his career, he defended many people in anti-Apartheid cases. Ayob also became prominent because sometimes he disagreed with Nelson Mandela.

Litoria mareku

Mareku's tree frog ("Litoria mareku") is a frog from Indonesia. Scientists saw it in the Wondiwoi Mountains in Papua Province.

The scientists who wrote the first paper about this frog caught two adult male frogs. These frogs were 25.5 and 26.5 mm long in from nose to rear end with smooth skin. This frog is green and gray in color with a black mark in front of both eyes and a black band across its body. Its belly, chest, and throat are light in color, with yellow color on the sides of its body. The insides of its hind legs are blue. There are spots on the sides of its throat and body.

This frog lives in the Wandammen Peninsula in primary rainforest. The scientist team found the two frogs in their paper on small woody plants. The plants were not far from a stream and not far from a swamp. But the scientists did not know whether it was the stream or the swamp that the frogs liked.

Scientists say this frog is related to "Litoria mucro", "Litoria nigromaculata" and "Litoria nigropunctata".

Scientists named the frogs after the man who caught them: Genus Mareku. He is from Yeretuar village. He was a guide. He led the scientists through the Wondiwoi Mountains.

Moise Kean

Bioty Moise Kean (; born 28 February 2000) is an Italian professional footballer who plays as a forward for Juventus, on loan from Everton, and the Italy national team.

Juventus

Paris Saint-Germain

Italy U19

Italy

Individual

Ratchet &amp; Clank: Up Your Arsenal

Ratchet & Clank: Up Your Arsenal (Ratchet & Clank 3 in Europe, Australia and New Zealand) is a 3D platform/shooter for the PlayStation 2. It was developed by Insomniac Games and published by Sony in 2004. It is the third game in the "Ratchet & Clank" series. It is also the first game to have multiplayer.


The Village (movie)

The Village is a 2004 American horror movie. It was directed by M. Night Shyamalan. It stars Bryce Dallas Howard and Joaquin Phoenix.


Alien vs. Predator (movie)

Alien vs. Predator is a 2004 American horror science fiction crossover movie directed by Paul W.S. Anderson. It is the first movie which stars the extraterrestrial antagonists, the Aliens and the Predators in the same plot, and as deadly enemies of each other.

Set in 2004, Alien vs. Predator follows a group of paleontologists, archaeologists and others assembled by billionaire businessman Charles Bishop Weyland for an expedition to Bouvet Island, a remote Norwegian island north of Antarctica, after a mysterious heat signal is discovered under the ice cap. Weyland and the group discover a pyramid buried beneath the ice cap. However, the structure is an ancient hunting ground where Predators stalk and kill Aliens for sport. The humans are caught between them and start getting killed by them and must fight to survive and escape the place.



Tonic Trouble

Tonic Trouble is a 1999 video game developed by Ubisoft Montreal and released for the Nintendo 64, Game Boy Color and Windows.

The player plays as a purple alien named Ed who has to stop Grögh from using a magical tonic.

Sun Life Financial

Sun Life Financial, Inc. is a Canada-based financial services company known primarily as a life insurance company. It is one of the largest life insurance companies in the world, and also one of the oldest with a history spanning back to 1865.

Sun Life Financial has a presence in investment management with over CAD$891 billion in assets under management operating in a number of countries. Sun Life ranks number 277 on the Forbes Global 2000 list for 2016 as well as on the Fortune 500 list. Sun Life ranks number 235 on the Forbes Global 2000 list for 2022.

Bank of Montreal

The Bank of Montreal is a Canadian multinational investment bank and financial services company. Founded in Montreal, Quebec, in 1817 as Montreal Bank. Their head office remains in Montreal. They also have operational headquarters and executive offices in Toronto, Ontario, since 1977. One of the Big Five banks in Canada, as well as one of the ten largest banks in North America. It is commonly known by its acronym BMO. BMO is also its stock symbol on both the Toronto Stock Exchange and the New York Stock Exchange.

On 23 June 1817, John Richardson and eight merchants signed the Articles of Association to establish the Montreal Bank in a rented house in Montreal, Quebec. The bank officially began conducting business on 3 November 1817. This is the birth of Canada's oldest bank. It underwent a name change to its current in 1822. BMO's Institution Number (or bank number) is 001. In Canada, the bank operates as BMO Bank of Montreal and has more than 900 branches, serving over seven million customers.

In the United States, it does business as BMO Financial Group, where it has substantial operations in the Chicago area and elsewhere in the country, where it operates "BMO Harris Bank". BMO Capital Markets is BMO's investment and corporate banking division, while the wealth management division is branded as BMO Nesbitt Burns. The company is ranked at number 131 on the Forbes Global 2000 list.

On December 12th, 2021 Bank of Montreal announced the strategic acquisition of Bank of the West from BNP Paribas for US$16.3 billion.

The company has not missed a dividend payment since 1829. They paid dividends consistently through major world crises such as World War I, the Great Depression, World War II, and the 2008 financial crisis; this makes the Bank of Montreal's dividend payment history one of the longest in the world.

The Smiths (album)

The Smiths is the self-titled first album by English rock band The Smiths. It was released on 20 February 1984 by Rough Trade Records. The album reached number two on the UK Albums Chart. It stayed on the chart for 33 weeks.

1999–2000 UEFA Cup

The 1999–2000 UEFA Cup season was the 29th edition of the UEFA Cup. The final was played at Parken Stadium in Copenhagen. It was won by Galatasaray, who beat in the final. The defending champions were they were eliminated by Werder Bremen in the fourth round.

It was the first season of the new UEFA Cup format. Domestic cup winners would qualify for the UEFA Cup, after the UEFA Cup Winners' Cup was disbanded. This change also added an additional knockout round. This was the first year when the UEFA Cup winners qualified for the UEFA Super Cup.

A total of 142 teams from 49 UEFA associations participated in the 1999–2000 UEFA Cup. Associations are allocated places according to their 1999–2000 UEFA league coefficient.

Below is the qualification scheme for the 2000–01 UEFA Cup:


The labels in the parentheses show how each team qualified for the place of its starting round:

"Leeds United won 4–2 on aggregate."

"Galatasaray won 6–2 on aggregate."

"Arsenal won 6–2 on aggregate."

"Lens won 2–1 on aggregate."

"Arsenal won 3–1 on aggregate."

"Galatasaray won 4–2 on aggregate."


Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce

The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce (CIBC), is one of the "Big Five" banks in Canada. The bank is headquartered at Commerce Court in Toronto, Ontario. CIBC's Institution Number (or bank number) is 010, and its SWIFT code is CIBCCATT. It is also one of the two major banks originally founded in Toronto alongside Toronto-Dominion Bank.

The Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce was formed through the June 1, 1961, merger of the Canadian Bank of Commerce (founded 1867) and the Imperial Bank of Canada (founded 1873), the largest merger between chartered banks in Canadian history.

The bank has four strategic business units: Canadian Personal and Small Business Banking, Canadian Commercial Banking and Wealth Management, U.S. Commercial Banking and Wealth Management, and Capital Markets. It has international operations in the United States, the Caribbean, Asia, and United Kingdom; Globally. CIBC serves more than eleven million clients, and has over 40,000 employees. The company ranks at number 172 on the Forbes Global 2000 listing.

Hatful of Hollow

Hatful of Hollow is a compilation album by English rock band the Smiths, released on 12 November 1984 by Rough Trade Records.

"Hatful of Hollow" reached number seven on the UK Albums Chart, and stayed on the chart for 46 weeks. In 2000, "Q" magazine placed the album at number 44 on its list of the "100 Greatest British Albums Ever".

Meat Is Murder

Meat Is Murder is the second album by English rock band The Smiths, released on 11 February 1985 by Rough Trade Records. It became the band's only studio album to reach number one on the UK Albums Chart, and stayed on the chart for thirteen weeks. It also reached number 110 on the US "Billboard" 200, in the United States.

Aging in cats

Reliable information on the lifespans of house cats is hard to find. Research has been done to get an estimate (an educated guess) on how long cats usually live. Cats usually live for 13 to 20 years. Sometimes, cats can live for 22 to 30 years. There are claims of cats dying at ages of over 30 years old.

The "Guinness World Record" for the oldest cat was for a cat named Creme Puff. It lived to be 38 years old. Female cats seem to live longer than male cats. Neutered cats live longer than cats that have not been neutered. Mixed breed cats also appear to live longer than purebred cats. Researchers have also found that cats that weigh more have shorter lifespans.

People sometimes guess how long a cat will live by comparing it to how long a human usually lives. THe age of a cat in "cat years" can be estimated by multiplying the age of the cat in normal years by 7. A better guess for cat years used by veterinarians is: the age of the cat times 4, then plus 16. This math can be used for cats who are at least 2 years old.

This is an example of both ways of estimating cat years for a 5 year old cat:

formula_1

formula_2

The life expectancy of an indoor cat is around 17 years. Cats that live both indoor and outdoor have a similar lifespan. The life expectancy of outdoor only cats is 5.6 years.

Tutu House

The Tutu House is a house on Valakati Street in Soweto, Johannesburg, South Africa that belongs to Desmond Tutu and his family. The house is registered as part of Johannesburg's historical heritage.

Midnight (1939 movie)

Midnight is a 1939 American romantic comedy movie directed by Mitchell Leisen and starring Claudette Colbert, Don Ameche, John Barrymore, Francis Lederer, Mary Astor, Elaine Barrie. It was distributed by Paramount Pictures and was remade in 1945 as "Masquerade in Mexico".


Nodugl tree frog

The Nodugl tree frog ("Litoria micromembrana") is a frog from the island New Guinea. Scientists saw it in both Indonesia and Papua New Guinea, on the Snow Mountains, Hunstein Mountains, Huon Peninsula, and Mount Obree.

Michelle Caruso-Cabrera

Michelle Caruso-Cabrera (born February 9, 1969) is an American journalist and a former political candidate. She was a regular CNBC contributor. She was co-host of "Power Lunch" and "Worldwide Exchange."

In 2020, she ran against incumbent U.S. Representative Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez in the Democratic primary for New York's 14th congressional district, which covers portions of The Bronx and Queens. Caruso-Cabrera was defeated in the primary after receiving 18.2% of votes.

Susan Hendl

Susan Coxe Hendl (September 18, 1947 – October 12, 2020) was an American ballet dancer and "répétiteur". She danced with the New York City Ballet between 1963 and 1983. Hendl was born in New York City.

Hendl died from renal failure on October 12, 2020 in New York City. She was 73.

Wayne Johnson (Wyoming politician)

Wayne Harold Johnson (May 2, 1942 — October 16, 2020) was an American politician. He was a Republican member of the Wyoming Senate. He represented District 6 from 2005 until 2017. From 1993 to 2005, he was in the Wyoming House of Representatives. Johnson was born in El Paso, Texas.

Johnson died on October 16, 2020 in Cheyenne, Wyoming at the age of 78.

Jacques Godin

Jacques Godin (; September 14, 1930 – October 26, 2020) was a Canadian actor. He was known for his roles as Paul Laliberté in "O.K. ... Laliberté" (1973) and the Inspector "Being at Home with Claude" (1992). Godin was born in Montreal, Quebec.

Godin died on October 26, 2020 of heart failure at a hospital in Montreal, aged 90.

Stan Kesler

Stanley Augustus Kesler (August 11, 1928 – October 26, 2020) was an American guitarist, record producer and songwriter. His career began at the Sun Studio in Memphis, Tennessee. He was born in Abbeville, Mississippi.

He co-wrote several of Elvis Presley's early recordings including "I'm Left, You're Right, She's Gone" and "I Forgot to Remember to Forget", and played guitar and bass on hit records by Carl Perkins and Jerry Lee Lewis. As a producer, his successful records included "Wooly Bully".

Kesler died on October 26, 2020 in Murfreesboro, Tennessee from bone cancer, aged 92.

Abbeville, Mississippi

Abbeville is a town in Lafayette County, Mississippi. The population was 372 at the 2020 census.

Bartlett, Tennessee

Bartlett is a city in Shelby County, Tennessee, United States, located northeast of Memphis. The population was 57,786 at the 2020 U.S. Census.

Daniel Menaker

Robert Daniel Menaker (September 17, 1941 – October 26, 2020) was an American fiction writer and editor. He worked with the MFA program at Stony Brook Southampton and as a consultant for Barnes & Noble Bookstores. Menaker was a fiction editor at "The New Yorker" for twenty years. Menaker was born in New York City.

Menaker died on October 26, 2020 from pancreatic cancer at his home in New Marlborough, Massachusetts at the age of 79.

New Marlborough, Massachusetts

New Marlborough is a town in Berkshire County, Massachusetts, United States. It is part of the Pittsfield, Massachusetts Metropolitan Statistical Area. The population was 1,528 at the 2020 census.

Richard Adjei

Richard Adjei (30 January 1983 – 26 October 2020) was a German bobsledder and footballer. He was also an linebacker. Adjei was born in Düsseldorf, North Rhine-Westphalia. He won a silver medal for bobsledding at the 2010 Winter Olympics.

Adjei died on 26 October 2020 from a heart attack at the age of 37.

Jan Niemiec (bishop)

Bishop Jan Niemiec (; ; 14 March 1958 – 27 October 2020) was a Polish-born Ukrainian Roman Catholic prelate. He was an Auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Kamyanets-Podilskyi and the Titular Bishop of Decoriana from 21 October 2006 until his death on 27 October 2020. He was born in Kozłówek, Poland.

Niemiec died from COVID-19 on 27 October 2020 in hospital in Łańcut, Poland at the age of 62.

Gilberto Penayo

Benigno Gilberto Penayo Ortiz (3 April 1933 – 27 October 2020) was a Paraguayan football striker. He was born in Asunción, Paraguay. His career lasted from 1851 to 1965. He played for Sol de América, Cerro Porteño, Silvio Pettirossi and for the national team.

Penayo died on 27 October 2020 in Asunción at the age of 87.

Marwan Kenzari

Marwan Kenzari (born 16 January 1983) is a Tunisian-Dutch actor and comedian. He is known for his role as Jafar in the 2019 live-action remake of "Aladdin".

Mena Massoud

Mena Massoud (; born 17 September 1991) is an Egyptian-Canadian actor. He is known for starring as Aladdin in the Disney fantasy movie "Aladdin" (2019). 

He also starred as Jared Malik in the Canadian drama series "Open Heart" (2015), Tarek Kassar in the Amazon Prime series (2018), and as Ethan Hart in the Hulu series "Reprisal" (2019), and Prince Thomas in the Netflix original film "The Royal Treatment" (2022).

Mena Mansour Massoud was born on September 17, 1991 in Cairo to Egyptian Coptic Orthodox Christian parents Gorgit and Mansour Massoud. He has two elder sisters, Marian and Margaret. He and his family moved to Canada when he was three years old. When asked why his family left Egypt, Massoud stated, "I was born there. We immigrated when I was 3 1/2 years old, to Toronto. But I'm still very, very close to my culture and – back home in Egypt. We're Coptic Christian and my parents just felt like things were getting a little too dangerous when I was growing up in Egypt. They wanted to create a better life for their family so they decided to emigrate to Canada." Massoud grew up in Markham, Ontario, where he attended . He later attended the University of Toronto with a major in neuroscience, wanting to become a doctor or psychologist. He did not finish this degree, and instead auditioned for theatre schools. Massoud eventually transferred to Ryerson University for their theatre performance program, which he graduated from in 2014.


Maclura pomifera

Maclura pomifera (commonly known as the Osage orange) is a small deciduous tree or large shrub. It usually grows to a height of . Despite the name "Osage orange", it is not related to the orange. It is a member of the mulberry family, Moraceae.

Up the Chastity Belt

Up the Chastity Belt is a 1971 British comedy movie directed by Bob Kellett and starring Frankie Howerd, Graham Crowden, Bill Fraser, Anna Quayle, Eartha Kitt, Roy Hudd, Godfrey Winn, Anne Aston, Iain Cuthbertson, Christopher Timothy, Long John Baldry, Frank Thornton, Patricia Quinn.


Anthony Soter Fernandez

Anthony Soter Fernandez (22 April 1930 – 28 October 2020) was a Malaysian cardinal. Fernandez was born in Sungai Petani, Kedah. 

He was the first Malaysian Cardinal of the Roman Catholic Church and Archbishop Emeritus of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Kuala Lumpur, Malaysia. He was appointed on 30 July 1983 by Pope John Paul II, and became the Archdiocese's second Archbishop upon his installation on 10 November 1983. 

Fernandez was ordained as a priest on 10 December 1966 and was president of the Catholic Bishops' Conference of Malaysia, Singapore, and Brunei from 1987 to 1990 and 2000 to 2003. He retired on 24 May 2003.

Fernandez was previously the bishop of the Diocese of Penang, where he was bishop from 17 February 1978, until his transfer to Kuala Lumpur.

Fernandez was created a cardinal by Pope Francis in the consistory on 19 November 2016. He was the first Malaysian to be made a cardinal.

In November 2019, Fernandez was diagnosed with tongue cancer. He died on 28 October 2020 in Kuala Lumpur from the disease, aged 88.


Ryszard Witke

Ryszard Witke (9 November 1939 – 27 October 2020) was a Polish ski jumper. He competed at the 1964 Winter Olympics and the 1968 Winter Olympics. Witke was born in Sanok, Poland.

Witke died on 27 October 2020 in Karpacz, Poland at the age of 80.

The Witches (1990 movie)

The Witches is a 1990 dark fantasy comedy movie directed by Nicolas Roeg. It was produced by Jim Henson and starring Anjelica Huston, Mai Zetterling, Rowan Atkinson, and Jasen Fisher. It is based on the 1983 book of the same name by Roald Dahl.

After nine-year old Luke Eveshim's (Jasen Fisher) parents die in a car crash, he lives with his grandma (Mai Zetterling). She tells him about real-life witches and how they hate children. She says that they look like ordinary women but there are ways to spot them. They use gloves to cover their claws, wigs because they are bald and wear comfortable shoes because they have no toes. While playing in his treehouse, Luke is approached by a witch who tries to give him a snake. Luckily, the grandma arrives and the witch leaves.

While staying at a hotel, Luke goes into the hotel ballroom to train his pet mouse. A group of women enter the room and lock the doors but Luke remains hidden. The women then take off their disguises, revealing that they are witches. The Grand High Witch (Anjelica Huston) expresses anger with the other witches because of their failure to get rid of all the children. She then shows them her new potion named "Formula 86", which turns kids into mice. The Grand High Witch demonstrates the potion on a boy named Bruno Jenkins.

However, Luke is discovered by the witches and they turn him into a mouse. Luke and Bruno (who are both now mice) go to the grandma's room and tell her what happened and they create a plan to defeat the witches. Luke goes into the Grand High Witch's room and steals the potion. He then goes into the hotel kitchen and puts it in the soup that the witches have ordered for dinner. Before dinner, one of the witches, Ms Irvine, decides to stop being evil because the Grand High Witch does not treat her well. At dinner, the witches all eat the soup and turn into mice. The grandma tells Bruno's parents that he is now a mouse and gives him back to them.

After returning home, Luke tells the grandma that he is happy being a mouse. At night, Ms Irvine shows up outside their house and uses her magic to turn Luke back into a human.


Mai Zetterling

Mai Elisabeth Zetterling (; 24 May 1925 – 17 March 1994) was a Swedish actress and movie director. She is known for her role as Grandma in "The Witches" (1990).

The Queen (2006 movie)

The Queen is a 2006 biographical drama movie that shows the events of the death of Diana, Princess of Wales on 31 August 1997 and how it affected Queen Elizabeth II.

The movie was directed by Stephen Frears, written by Peter Morgan, and starred Helen Mirren in the title role of Queen Elizabeth II. The movie had strong positive movie reviews. It has a 97% fresh rating from critics on Rotten Tomatoes

Tor Torgersen

Tor Torgersen (20 March 1928 – 23 October 2020) was a Norwegian long-distance runner. He was known for being part in the longest track distances, 5000 and 10,000 metres, as well as cross-country running and from around 1960 the marathon. He also competed at that year's Olympic Games. 

Torgersen was born in Drammen, Norway. He died on 23 October 2020 at the age of 92.

Alex Jennings

Alex Jennings (born 10 May 1957) is an English actor. He won the Olivier Award three times for "Too Clever by Half" (1988), "Peer Gynt" (1996), and "My Fair Lady" (2003). He is the only performer to have won Olivier awards in the drama, musical and comedy categories. 

He played Prince Charles in the 2006 movie "The Queen". He also played Edward VIII, the Duke of Windsor, in the critically acclaimed Netflix series "The Crown".

Helen McCrory

Helen Elizabeth McCrory (17 August 1968 – 16 April 2021) was a British actress. She was known for Narcissa Malfoy in the "Harry Potter" movies and for her role as Polly Gray in "Peaky Blinders".

McCrory played Cherie Blair in both "The Queen" (2006) and "The Special Relationship" (2010). She starred as Clair Dowar in the James Bond movie "Skyfall" (2012).

Helen McCrory was born in London. Her father is Scottish and her mother is Welsh. McCrory was married to Damian Lewis and they have two children.

McCrory died of breast cancer at her home in London on 16 April 2021, aged 52.

Harry Potter (movie series)

Harry Potter is a movie series is based on the novels by J. K. Rowling. The series was made by Warner Bros. and were made-up of eight fantasy movies, beginning with "Harry Potter and the Sorcerer's Stone" (2001) and ending with "Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows Part 2" (2011). 

The series was mainly produced by David Heyman, and stars Daniel Radcliffe, Rupert Grint, and Emma Watson as the three main characters: Harry Potter, Ron Weasley, and Hermione Granger. Four directors worked on the series: Chris Columbus, Alfonso Cuarón, Mike Newell, and David Yates. It took ten years to make all the movies of the series, with the main story being Harry's journey to beat his arch-enemy Lord Voldemort.

"Harry Potter and the Deathly Hallows", the seventh and final novel in the series, was made into two movies. "Part 1" was released in November 2010, and "Part 2" was released in July 2011.

"Deathly Hallows Part 1", "Sorcerer's Stone", and "Deathly Hallows Part 2" are one of the 50 highest-grossing movies of all time. It is the third highest-grossing movie series with $7.7 billion.


Glenn Florio

Glenn Florio (January 26, 1967 – October 26, 2020) was an American rower. He competed in the men's double sculls event at the 1988 Summer Olympics.

Florio died of a heart attack on October 26, 2020 at the age of 53.

Andrea Tabanelli

Andrea Tabanelli (April 16, 1961 – 28 October 2020) was an Italian wheelchair curler. He was born in Perugia, Italy.

He was a member (third) of the Italian wheelchair curling team for the 2006 Winter Paralympics in Torino. He was the skip of the Italian team at the 2010 Winter Paralympics in Vancouver.

Tabanelli died on 28 October 2020 at the age of 59.

The Witches (2020 movie)

Roald Dahl's The Witches (also known as The Witches) is a 2020 dark fantasy comedy movie directed by Robert Zemeckis and written by Zemeckis, Kenya Barris, and Guillermo del Toro. It is based on the 1983 novel of the same name by Roald Dahl and is the second feature-length adaptation of the novel, following the 1990 movie of the same name. The movie stars Anne Hathaway, Octavia Spencer and Stanley Tucci, and is narrated by Chris Rock.

"The Witches" was made available on HBO Max in the United States on October 22, 2020. It received mixed reviews from critics.

A boy named Charlie moves in with his grandmother, Agatha, after the death of his parents. While at the shop, he encounters a strange lady. Agatha tells him that the lady is a witch. Agatha tells Charlie that witches hate children and that they disguise themselves as normal women.

They go to a hotel to get away from the witch. Agatha gives Charlie a pet mouse named Daisy. He hides in the hotel ballroom so he can train her in secret. However, a group of women enter so Charlie hides under the stage. It is revealed that the women are witches and they are having their annual meeting. 

The Grand High Witch introduces her new potion which transforms children into mice. She demonstrates it on a boy named Bruno Jenkins. The witches also find Charlie and turn him into a mouse. Charlie and Bruno are rescued by Daisy, who is revealed to have also been a child-turned-mouse. The mice escape back to Agatha.

Charlie steals the potion from the Grand High Witch's hotel room and puts it in the witches' soup at dinner. All of the witches become mice. Agatha and the three mice fight the Grand High Witch in her hotel room and catapult the potion into her mouth. She becomes a mouse. A few years later, Charlie and Agatha are teaching children how to avoid witches.


F.C. BATE Borisov

F.C. BATE Borisov is a football club which plays in Belarus.


"As of August 15, 2019"

Wen Fubo

Wen Fubo (5 August 1925 – 28 October 2020) was a Chinese engineer. He was known for his works in hydraulics. Wen was born in Taojiang, China. In 1994, he was elected a member of the Chinese Academy of Engineering. He was deputy director of the Yangtze River Water Conservancy Commission. He was awarded the National Science and Technology Progress Award for his works on the Gezhouba Dam.

Wen died from an illness in Wuhan, China on 28 October 2020 at the age of 95.

Noel (movie)

Noel is a 2004 American Christmas-themed drama movie. It was written by David Hubbard and directed by Chazz Palminteri. It stars Penélope Cruz, Susan Sarandon, Paul Walker, Alan Arkin, Daniel Sunjata and Robin Williams. It was filmed in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.



Alain Rey

Alain Rey (; – ) was a French linguist, lexicographer and radio personality. He was the editor-in-chief at French dictionary publisher Dictionnaires Le Robert from 1967 until his death. Rey was born in Pont-du-Château, France.

Rey died on 28 October 2020 in Paris at the age of 92.

Deputy Prime Minister of Japan

The is the deputy leader of the government of Japan.


James Russell Lowell

James Russell Lowell was an American Romantic poet, critic, editor, and diplomat. He is associated with the Fireside Poets, a group of New English Poets that were the first to be noted as popular as the English ones of that time.


Egg fruit

The egg fruit tree is approximately 8 meters tall and has oblong fruits that range from 7 to 12 centimeters in length. The fruits can vary in shape. Some have a straight point at the end and can be curved at the tip. When ripe, the egg fruit looks golden-orange and occasionally exhibits rusty brown blotches, which is normal for this plant. The interior is similar to both the color and texture of a hard-boiled egg yolk, hence the name, and contains 1-4 hard black seeds. Ripe egg fruit flows a strong musky smell.

Egg fruit is available in fall, into summer in tropical climates.

Egg fruit is commonly referred to as canistel and botanically classified as "Pouteria campechiana". It is a member of the "Sapotaceae Family" and a close relative of the more popular tropical fruit, Sapota. Egg fruit is also sometimes referred to as yellow sapote. Egg fruit gets its name from the consistency of its flesh. When ripe, the egg fruit is said to resemble a hard-boiled egg yolk with the flavors of roasted sweet potato.

Egg fruit is rich in vitamin A, B, and C, and also contains iron and calcium.

Egg fruit is often eaten raw as a simple snack with a sprinkle of salt and lemon juice. It is also used in sweet baking applications as a pumpkin-like ingredient. The pureed flesh may be added into custards, ice creams, bread, pancakes, smoothies, milkshakes or made into jams and marmalades. The egg fruit is a central ingredient in recipes for vegan cheesecake, eggnog, deviled eggs, and even cheese. Complimentary flavors include allspice, cinnamon, ginger, thyme, turmeric, orange, maple syrup, pecans, walnuts, almond, coconut, and vanilla.

The Egg fruit is native to southern North America and northern Central America, including the countries of Mexico, El Salvador, Belize, and Guatemala. It has since been naturalized throughout the world in tropical and subtropical climates. The trees thrive with moderate precipitation, but can also do well in regions of prolonged dry seasons. This fruit was also known for its smelly seeds.

Spaced repetition

Spaced repetition is a learning technique usually using flashcards, where information that is newer, and harder to remember are shown more frequently, while information that is older and easier to remember is shown less frequently. This is done to take advantage of the spacing effect which can be a better way and quicker way to learn and keep information.

Many spaced repetition programs such as Anki have been made to help people to use spaced repetition but it is also possible to do this without software by using the Leitner system.

Items that are to be memorised are entered manually in a question and answer format. When it is time for the item to be learned, either the question or answer is displayed on screen (although it is possible to make it so only the question will be asked) and the user will try to answer it. After answering the user then tells the program how difficult the question was to answer. Depending on the difficulty the program will schedule when the user will see the question again. 

Omar Blondin Diop

Omar Blondin Diop was a revolutionary and artist from Senegal. Born in Niger, he moved between several countries because of his activism. After going to France for university, he joined the Marxist movement in Paris and acted in movies, including two by Jean-Luc Godard. France deported him back to Senegal in 1969 because of his politics.

Diop kept doing activism back in Senegal. He, his brothers, and his friends wanted to have a revolution there, because they felt Leopold Senghor's government helped the French more than it helped Senegalese people and it was neocolonial. Diop started doing theatre in public to promote revolutionary ideas. They got ready to start a guerrilla war against Senegal's government, but they were arrested and sent to prison on an island called Gorée. Diop died in prison in 1973. Many people who knew him, including his family, think he was secretly killed by the government.

Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree

Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree — Winnie the Pooh and the Honey Tree is the first Disney film of the Pooh Disney franchise. It was released in 1966.

BHP Billiton

BHP Billiton,is a company headquartered in Melbourne , Victoria, Australia.. It mines metals and petroleum. It was founded in 1885, in Broken Hill. Broken Hill is a mining town in the center of Australia. In 2017, BHP was the world's largest mining company, based on market capitalization, and as Australia's third-largest company by revenue, which "almost tripled between 2004 and 2012."

BHP Billiton was formed in 2001 through the merger of the Australian Broken Hill Proprietary Company Limited (BHP) and the Anglo–Dutch Billiton plc. The Australia-registered Limited has a primary listing on the Australian Securities Exchange and is one of the largest companies in Australia by market capitalization. The English-registered plc arm has a primary listing on the London Stock Exchange and is a constituent of the FTSE 100 Index.

In 2017, most Billiton assets were severed and rebranded as South32, while a scaled-down BHP Billiton became BHP.

Rio Tinto

Rio Tinto Group is the world's second largest metals and mining corporation. It is mainly active in mining. It produces iron ore, copper, diamonds, gold and uranium. 

The company was founded in 1873, when a consortium of investors bought a mine complex on the Rio Tinto, in Huelva, Spain, from the Spanish Government. Since then, the company has grown by mergers and acquisitions. In 2020, it produces and sells aluminium, iron ore, copper, uranium, and diamonds. 

Although it is mainly about getting minerals, Rio Tinto also has significant operations in refining, particularly for refining bauxite and iron ore. Rio Tinto has joint head offices in London (global and "plc") and Melbourne ("Limited" – Australia).

Assicurazioni Generali

Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A. or simply Generali Group is an Italian insurance company based in Trieste. As of 2019, it is the largest of its kind in Italy and among top 10 in the world.

Under the name of "Imperial Regia Privilegiata Compagnia di Assicurazioni Generali Austro-Italiche", the company was founded on December 26, 1831. At the time, Trieste was the most important sea port of the Austrian Empire. The company grew in importance, becoming one of the largest insurance operators both in Italy and in Central Europe. , the company ranks 57th on the Fortune Global 500 list of companies and 43rd on MITs worldwide "Smartest Companies" ranking in 2015.

Generali’s major competitors at international level are AXA, Allianz and Zurich. Besides them, there are companies competing at local and regional level in various countries and markets.

Aneurin Bevan

Aneurin "Nye" Bevan (15 November 1897 – 6 July 1960) was a Welsh Labour politician. He is best for leading the creation of the National Health Service (NHS) to give medical care free at point-of-need to all Britons. He first became an MP for Ebbw Vale in 1929. He served as Shadow Foreign Secretary from 1956 to 1959 and was Deputy Leader of the Labour Party from 1959 until his death in 1960. Under Prime Minister Clement Attlee, Bevan was Minister of Health (1945–1951) and Labour and National Service (1951).

Bevan was born in Tredegar, Monmouthshire. He married Scottish-born fellow Labour politician Jennie Lee in 1934. He was a humanist.

On 6 July 1960, Bevan died of stomach cancer in Chesham, Buckinghamshire. He was 62.

BBVA

Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A., better known by its initialism BBVA, is a multinational Spanish banking group. It was formed from a merger of Banco Bilbao Vizcaya and Argentaria in 1999, and is the second largest bank in Spain. The company is a constituent of the IBEX 35 and Euro Stoxx 50 stock market index. In 2007, the firm started an initiative to digitally transform the bank. Following implementation, it saw a 19% year-on-year increase in new customers. As of 2015, the total number of these clients stood at 14.8 million.

Danske Bank

Danske Bank A/S is a Danish bank. It was founded 5 October 1871 as "The Danish Farmers Mortgage and Exchange Bank of Copenhagen". Headquartered in Copenhagen, it is the largest bank in Denmark and a major retail bank in the northern European region with over 5 million retail customers. Danske Bank was number 454 on the Fortune Global 500 list for 2011.

Dexia

Dexia N.V./S.A., also referred to as the Dexia Group, was a Franco-Belgian financial institution active in public finance, providing retail and commercial banking services to individuals and SMEs, asset management, and insurance; with headquarters in Saint-Josse-ten-Noode, Brussels. The company had about 35,200 members of staff and a core shareholders' equity of €19.2 billion, as of 31 December 2010, and provided governments and local public finance operators with banking and other financial services. Asset Management and Services provided asset management, investor and insurance services, in particular to clients of the two other business lines.

In 2008, the bank received taxpayer bailouts for €6 billion, and it became the first big casualty of the 2011 European sovereign debt crisis. Due to big losses, suffered among others from the debt haircut on Greek government bonds, an orderly resolution process began in October 2011. As part of the resolution, Dexia Bank Belgium was bought out from the Dexia group by the Belgian state, and will continue to exist under its new name Belfius. The remaining part of the Dexia group was left in a "bad bank", and will either be sold or wound down.

Maya Schenwar

Maya Schenwar (born November 10, 1982) is a journalist and writer focused on prisons. She lives in Chicago and is editor-in-chief (the most important editor) of Truthout. As an editor, she publishes articles about politics that have a progressive viewpoint. She has also written books and many articles for other media websites. As a prison abolitionist, she believes the U.S. government must get rid of prisons in order to make a fairer society, and her work talks about the bad things that happen in prisons. Even though she disagrees with Joe Biden about prisons, she plans to vote for him in 2020.

Engie

Engie is a French company specialized in providing energy. Its headquarters are located in La Défense, near Paris. It was created when the mostly state-owned Gaz de France merged with the Suez company, in 2008. In 2015, the company (which was known as GDF Suez until then) changed its name. In 2015, about 158,000 people worked for the company, which had a revenue of about 60 biilion euros. Not taking petroleum-based energy companies into account, Engie is the third-largest energy company in the world. Its stocks are part of the CAC 40, the BEL 20, and the Euronext 100 stock indices.

Non-Profit Industrial Complex

Non-profit industrial complex, or "NPIC" for short, is a term which is used by social justice activists to describe the way non-profit organizations, governments, and businesses are related. The academic genealogy of the term follows the lineage of what social justice activists and scholars such as Angela Davis and Mike Davis have called the Prison-Industrial Complex, which, too, follows an earlier critique of the military-industrial complex. 

Many activists carry out their work as employees of or with the assistance of non-profit organizations. Many of their goals need money in order to be achieved, and nonprofits are registered with the government in order to be allowed to receive large amounts of money legally. These activist nonprofits usually get money from even bigger nonprofits, which are connected to big businesses and rich people who control industries. But because many activists criticize things in society that businesses and rich people support, they might not get the money if they are too critical. So in order to stay funded, they may have to change the ideas they have for improving society to be more acceptable to industry.

People who believe these kinds of relationships between activists and industries are harmful to activism use the term non-profit industrial complex as a faster way to discuss these relationships, instead of explaining the whole system each time. They have written many articles and books describing the effects of the NPIC by studying patterns of funding or discussing how the goals of some activists changed once their movements began to receive more money.


Don Mazankowski

Donald Frank Mazankowski, (July 27, 1935 – October 27, 2020) was a Canadian politician and lawyer. He was a cabinet minister under Prime Ministers Joe Clark and Brian Mulroney. He was also deputy prime minister under Mulroney from 1986 to 1993. He was a member of parliament between 1968 to 1993. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party.

Mazankowski was born in Viking, Alberta. He died on October 27, 2020 in Calgary, Alberta at the age of 85.

Mazankowski was born on July 27, 1925 in Viking, Alberta. His parents, Frank and Dora (Lonoski), came to Canada from the United States in 1921.

Mazankowski became the Finance Minister during a cabinet reshuffle in April 1991, replacing Michael Wilson.

Giorgio Carta

Giorgio Carta (16 January 1938 – 28 October 2020) was an Italian doctor and politician. He was born in Jerzu, Italy. He was a member of the Italian Democratic Socialist Party. from 1992 to 1994 and again from 2006 to 2008, he was a member of the Chamber of Deputies.

Cart died on 28 October 2020 in Cagliari, Italy at the age of 82.

Miguel Ángel Castellini

Miguel Ángel Castellini (January 26, 1947 – October 28, 2020) was an Argentine professional boxer. Castellini, who was active as a professional from 1965 to 1980, was known for having held the Lineal and WBA Light Middleweight titles. He was born in Santa Rosa, La Pampa, Argentina.

Castellini died on October 28, 2020 in Buenos Aires from COVID-19, aged 73.


Broken Hill

Broken Hill is a mining town in the center of Australia. It is located west of Sydney, whilst Adelaide is to the southwest. About 17,500 people live in Broken Hill. There was a short gold rush, in 1848. No gold was found, and there was very little water. Later silver was found in the area around the town and some mines around Broken Hill still operate. 

Ray Blacklock

Raymond Patrick Blacklock (6 April 1955 – 28 October 2020) was an Australian rugby league footballer. He played in the 1970s and 1980s. He was born in Oberon, New South Wales. He started his career at the Penrith Panthers, making first grade in 1976. 

He then switched to the Newtown Jets for two seasons between 1981-1982. He moved to Canberra Raiders for his final two seasons between 1983 to 1984 before retiring.

Blacklock died on 28 October 2020 from problems caused by multiple system atrophy in Cranebrook, New South Wales at the age of 65.

Tamworth F.C.

Tamworth Football Club is an English association football club based in Tamworth, Staffordshire. The club participates in the Northern Premier League under the management of Andy Peeks

The club was formed in 1933.


Hugh Morrow (footballer)

Hugh "Hughie" Morrow (9 July 1930 - 27 October 2020) was a Northern Irish footballer and manager. He played in the Football League for West Bromwich Albion and Northampton Town, and in non-league football for Nuneaton Borough, Lockheed Leamington and Kettering Town. He was born in Larne, Northern Ireland.

Morrow died on 27th October 2020 at the age of 90.

Štefan Sečka

Ŝtephen Sečka (6 July 1953 – 28 October 2020) was a Slovak Roman Catholic bishop. He was became a priest in 1976. He served as auxiliary bishop of "Sita" and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Spiš, Slovakia, from 2002 to 2011 and was bishop of the diocese from 2011 until his death in 2020.

Sečka died on 28 October 2020 from cardiac arrest at the age of 67.

Tracy Smothers

Tracy Stanton Smothers (September 2, 1962 – October 28, 2020) was an American professional wrestler. He is best known for his appearances with World Championship Wrestling, Smoky Mountain Wrestling, the World Wrestling Federation, and Extreme Championship Wrestling.

In December 2019, Smothers was diagnosed with lymphoma. He died from the illness on October 28, 2020 in Evansville, Indiana at the age of 58.

Billy Joe Shaver

Billy Joe Shaver (August 16, 1939 – October 28, 2020) was an American country music singer-songwriter and guitarist. He was known for writing and performing his 1973 hit single "You Ask Me To".

Shaver died on October 28, 2020 from a stroke at the age of 81 in Waco, Texas.


Cerro Porteño

Club Cerro Porteño is a professional Paraguayan football club, based in the neighbourhood of Obrero in Asunción. It was founded in 1912, Cerro has won 33 Primera División titles and is one of the most popular football clubs in Paraguay. Its president is Raúl Zapag.

Club Sol de América

Club Sol de América is a Paraguayan sports club, mostly known for its football team. The club is located in Barrio Obrero, Paraguay, and it was founded in 1909. 

Sol de America have won the Paraguayan First Division title on two occasions, in 1986 and then again in 1991. They also have a strong basketball team and an athletics department.


Charles Spencer, 9th Earl Spencer

Charles Edward Maurice Spencer, 9th Earl Spencer, (born 20 May 1964), styled Viscount Althorp between 1975 and 1992, is a British nobleman, peer, author, journalist, and broadcaster.

He is the younger brother of Diana, Princess of Wales. He is the maternal uncle of Prince William, Duke of Cambridge and Prince Harry, Duke of Sussex.

Spencer worked as an on-air correspondent with NBC News from 1986 to 1995 for the network's morning programme, "Today", and "NBC Nightly News." He also worked as a reporter for Granada Television from 1991 to 1993.

Spencer was appointed a Deputy Lieutenant of Northamptonshire in November 2005. Spencer is also a patron of the Northamptonshire County Cricket Club.

20 May 1964-9 June 1975: The Honorable Charles Edward Maurice Spencer 

9 June 1975-29 March 1992 Viscount Althorp 

29 March 1992 The Right Honorable The Earl of Spencer 

Miles Taylor (security expert)

Miles Taylor is an American former government official in the Trump administration. He worked for the United States Department of Homeland Security from 2017 to 2019, including as Chief of Staff to former Homeland Security Secretary Kirstjen Nielsen and Acting Secretary Chad Wolf.

In August 2020, while on leave from his job at Google, he produced an ad for Republican Voters Against Trump, criticizing Trump and supporting Joe Biden in the 2020 presidential election. Taylor was the first former senior Trump administration staffer to endorse Biden.

In October 2020, he revealed himself to be the anonymous writer of the essay "I Am Part of the Resistance Inside the Trump Administration" (2018) and the best-selling book "A Warning" (2019).

Killing of Walter Wallace

Walter Wallace Jr., a 27-year-old black man, was fatally shot by police in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, United States on October 26, 2020. 

Two Philadelphia Police Department officers arrived in the area to respond to a domestic dispute. When they arrived, Wallace was getting close to them while holding a knife. The two officers backed away while asking him to put down the knife, but Wallace walked closer. Each officer fired several rounds at Wallace in the shoulder and chest. He later died in the hospital. Wallace's family said he was having a mental health crisis.

In response to the killing, protests happened throughout Philadelphia on October 26 and 27, many of which became violent, leading to arrests, injuries to police, and deployment of the Pennsylvania National Guard.

Timeline of the far future

The ultimate fate of our universe may be the heat death of the universe or the big rip. Before that happens, it is possible to predict that the following will happen.

Some types of science can say what could happen far into the future. It is worth noting that our local group of galaxies are bound by gravitation, and its changes and aging can be discussed separate from the rest of the universe.

Astrophysics can say how planets and stars form, affect each other, and die; particle physics can say how atoms and other matter act over time; evolutionary biology can allow us to see how living things change over time; and plate tectonics can say how continents move over time. By observing the past and present, astrophysicists, particle physicists, evolutionary biologists and geologists can make guesses about what might happen in the future.

The second law of thermodynamics is important to predictions about the future of Earth, of the Solar System, and the future of the expanding universe. The second law of thermodynamics says that entropy is always happening. That means that the universe is slowly running out of the kind of energy that can do work. For example, stars will eventually run out of hydrogen fuel and burn out.

Erosion is when wind, water or other things make a rock or mountain shrink by breaking of tiny pieces of it off over time.

As of 2020, five machines that travel through outer space are moving toward the edge of the solar system: "Voyager 1", "Voyager 2", "Pioneer 10", "Pioneer 11" and "New Horizons". They will travel into interstellar space. So long as they do not crash into anything, these machines should persist indefinitely.

A time capsule is a box or other container that is buried or hidden on purpose and scheduled to be opened many years later. People place things inside the time capsule so people in the future will find them. For example, someone might place a game, tool, toy, journal, magazine or book inside a time capsule so people in the future would see how the people who buried the time capsule lived, played and worked and what they liked to read.

High roll

A high roll is a hairstyle that Western women wore in the late 1700s.

The style took hours to make. Sometimes, a professional hairdresser would style the woman's hair. That meant the woman had to be rich enough to pay a hairdresser and to spend hours sitting in a chair not working. This made the high roll a status symbol.

The hairstyle could be very tall and make a person's head seem twice as high. First, the woman's hair would be combed. Then the woman or her hairdresser would add pomatum to the hair so it could be shaped. The pomatum would have treated fat, oil and perfumes or spices in it. This would make the hair smell good, kill headlice, and help hold the hair in place. Women would add extra hair collected from cows, horses, or other people. Or they would collect from their own hairbrushes over time and reuse it. Women and hairdressers would use small pillows inside the hair to hold it up. Some women would make curls along the sides or neck with curlers. The hair was held in place with pins. The hair could be natural color or colored gray, brown or white with powder. Some women, for example, Queen Marie Antoinette of France, would wear feathers, jewelry, or sculptures of plants and animals in their high hair. Some women said that it would itch. 

The earliest high rolls started in the late 1760s and became taller over time. They started in France and moved to London and North America.

Many people did not like this hairstyle. English critics complained that English women copied it from France. American critics complained that women copied it from England—and this was in the 1770s, when America was at war with England. Other critics said the feathers in the hairstyles made women look like male soldiers with plumed helmets. American critics also complained that the hairstyle made white women look like African-American men. In the 1770s, African-American men wore their hair in a bunch over their foreheads. Rich men also worried about their wives and daughters spending time with male hairdressers.

There are many political cartoons making fun of the high roll and other high hairstyles.

In the television show "Turn", women in New York and Philadelphia wear and talk about high rolls.

Duck Duck Goose (movie)

Duck Duck Goose is a 2018 computer-animated comedy movie directed by Chris Jenkins. The movie was produced by Original Force Animation (USA) and Wanda Media Co., Ltd (China). It stars Jim Gaffigan, Zendaya, Lance Lim, Greg Proops, Natasha Leggero and Stephen Fry. It was released on March 9, 2018.



Winter People

Winter People is a 1989 American romantic drama movie directed by Ted Kotcheff and was based on the 1982 novel of the same name by John Ehle. It stars Kurt Russell, Kelly McGillis, Lloyd Bridges, Mitchell Ryan, Eileen Ryan, Jeffrey Meek. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and did poorly at the box office.


Smoking room

A smoking room is a versatile structure used in many institutions ranging from campuses to hospitals as a considerate measure for smokers to prevent non-smokers and children from passive smoking.

Joakim Lundell

Joakim Alexander Lundell (unmarried "Berg", born "Karlsson"; 9 October 1985), is a Swedish YouTuber and musician. He was a reality television star before then. He was born in Vadstena, Sweden. 

Lundell is one of the biggest YouTubers in Sweden. His YouTube channel "Jocke & Jonna" gets more than 35 million views every month. 

He is married to Jonna Lundell and they have two children. 

Chaeyoung

Son Chae-young (; born April 23, 1999), also known as Chaeyoung (채영), is a South Korean rapper, singer, songwriter, and composer. She is a member of K-pop girl group Twice.

Dole effect

The Dole effect is a way of explaining the inequality between the heavy isotope O and the lighter isotope O. There are different isotopes of oxygen on earth. The atmosphere contains mostly O, the oxygen in seawater is mostly O. This is caused by the respiration of plants and animals. It is balanced by photosynthesis. Photosynthesis emits the same oxygen isotope as that of water. Malcolm Dole first described this effect in 1935. It is named Dole effect today.

Paul-Jean Hérault

Paul-Jean Hérault, pseudonym of Michel Rigaud, (22 September 1934 – 26 October 2020) was a French writer and journalist. He worked for "Paris-Presse", "Candide", "L'Aurore", "Paris Jour", RTL, and "Télé Star".

Hérault died of a stroke in Paris on 26 October 2020 at the age of 86.

Jimmy Orr

Jimmy Orr (October 4, 1935 – October 27, 2020) was an American Football wide receiver. Orr played for the Pittsburgh Steelers and Baltimore Colts for 13 seasons from 1958 to 1970. He was born in Seneca, South Carolina.

Orr died on October 27, 2020 at his home in Brunswick, Georgia at the age of 85.

Bashkortostan

The Republic of Bashkortostan ( tr. Respublika Bashkortostan, , tr. Bashqortostan Respublikahy), also called Bashkiria (, tr. Bashkiriya), is a federal subject of Russia. It is located between the Volga River and the Ural Mountains. Its capital is the city of Ufa. With a population of 4,072,292 as of the 2010 Census, Bashkortostan is the most populous republic in Russia.



Amir Ishemgulov

Amir Ishemgulov (; May 22, 1960 – October 29, 2020) was a Russian biologist and politician. He was born in Ufa, Bashkortostan. 

Ishemgulov was chairman of the The World Qoroltai of the Bashkirs and Bashkir Scientific Research Center for Beekeeping and Apitherapy. In 2013, he was elected to the State Assembly of the Republic of Bashkortostan.

Ishemgulov died on October 29, 2020 in Ufa at the age of 60.

Keshubhai Patel

Keshubhai Patel (24 July 1928 – 29 October 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. Patel was born in Visavadar, Junagadh State. 

He was a member of parliament from 1977 to 1980 and again from 2002 to 2008. He also was Chief Minister of Gujarat 1995 and from 1998 to 2001.

Patel died on 29 October 2020 at a hospital in Ahmedabad, Gujarat from cardiac arrest caused by COVID-19, aged 92.

Yuri Pomomarev

Yuri Ivanovich Ponomarev (July 10, 1946 – October 29, 2020) was a Russian politician and economist. He was a member of the Federal Assembly between December 28, 2001 to January 1, 2003. Pomomarev was born in Petrozavodsk, then-Soviet Union. 

Pomomarev died on October 29, 2020 at a hospital in Petrozavodsk from COVID-19, aged 74.

Bobby Ball

Robert Harper (28 January 1944 – 28 October 2020), known professionally as Bobby Ball, was an English comedian, actor and singer. He was best known being part of the comedy duo Cannon and Ball, with Tommy Cannon. They both hosted "The Cannon and Ball Show" for nine years between 1979 and 1988. 

He later starred in "Last of the Summer Wine", "Heartbeat" and "Not Going Out". In 2005, Ball took part in the fifth series of "I'm a Celebrity...Get Me Out of Here!".

Ball was born in Oldham, Lancashire. He died on 28 October 2020 at a hospital in Blackpool, Lancashire from COVID-19, aged 76.


Tommy Cannon

Thomas Derbyshire (born 27 June 1938), known professionally as Tommy Cannon, is an English comedian and singer. He is best known as the straight man of comedy duo Cannon and Ball, along with Bobby Ball, in "The Cannon and Ball Show". Cannon was chairman of Rochdale Football Club until 1988. 

He was born in Oldham, Lancashire.

Cannon was cast in ITV soap opera "Emmerdale" as pensioner Derek in 2019.

Yellow golden mole

The yellow golden mole ("Calcochloris obtusirostris") is a type of mammal in the family Chrysochloridae. It is found in Mozambique, South Africa, and Zimbabwe. Its natural habitats are subtropical or tropical dry forest, subtropical or tropical moist lowland forest, dry savanna, moist savanna, arable land, pastureland, plantations, and rural gardens. Yellow golden moles like to dig at the base of trees and make underground nests. It mainly eats insects, bugs, small lizards, flies, and other tiny animals found underground.

Come to the Stable

Come to the Stable is a 1949 American comedy drama movie directed by Henry Koster and stars, Loretta Young, Celeste Holm, Elsa Lanchester, Hugh Marlowe, Thomas Gomez, Dorothy Patrick. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for 7 Academy Awards in 1950.


Jack Brennan

John Vincent Brennan (born August 16, 1937) is a retired United States Marine Corps officer and former political aide. He is best known as being U.S. President Richard Nixon's post-resignation chief of staff. He was born in Fall River, Massachusetts.

Oliver Platt

Oliver James Platt (born January 12, 1960) is an Canadian and American actor. He was born in Windsor, Ontario. His career began in 1985. He is known for his role as Russell Tupper in "Huff", which earned him an Emmy and Golden Globe Award nomination.

Frost/Nixon (movie)

Frost/Nixon is a 2008 historical drama movie. It is based on the 2006 play of the same name by Peter Morgan.

The movie is about the Frost/Nixon interviews of 1977. The movie was directed by Ron Howard.

It received five Oscar nominations, including Best Picture, Best Actor, and Best Director.

The movie stars Michael Sheen as British television broadcaster David Frost and Frank Langella as former United States President Richard Nixon. It was released in the United States on December 5, 2008, and in the United Kingdom on January 23, 2009.

Maria Ewing

Maria Louise Ewing (March 27, 1950 – January 9, 2022) was an American opera singer who sung both soprano and mezzo-soprano roles. She was born in Detroit, Michigan. 

Ewing made her debut at the Metropolitan Opera in 1976 in Mozart's "The Marriage of Figaro". She starred as Carmen, Dorabella in Mozart's "Cosi fan tutte", Salome, the title role in "L'incoronazione di Poppea", Marie in Berg's "Wozzeck" and Shostakovich's "Lady Macbeth of Mtsensk". She also sang and appeared in Henry Purcell's "Dido and Aeneas".

Ewing was married to director Peter Hall. Their daughter is actress Rebecca Hall. Ewing died in Detroit on January 9, 2022, two months before her 72nd birthday.

Resident Evil 2 (1998 video game)

Resident Evil 2, known in Japan as , is a survival horror video game developed and published by Capcom. It is the second game in the "Resident Evil" series. It inspired a remake.

The game can let players play as either Leon Kennedy or Claire Redfield of S.T.A.R.S.


J. J. Williams (rugby union)

John James Williams MBE (1 April 1948 – 29 October 2020), known universally as J. J. Williams, was a Welsh rugby union player. He played for the national team as a winger thirty times from 1973 to 1979. From 1974 to 1977, he played for the British and Irish Lions. Williams was born in Maesteg, Wales.

Williams died on 29 October 2020 in Maesteg at the age of 72.

Wales national rugby union team

The Wales national rugby union team () represents Wales in men's international rugby union. It was created in 1881, the same year that Wales played their first international against England. 

The team plays its home matches at the Millennium Stadium in Cardiff (currently known for sponsorship reasons as the Principality Stadium), which replaced Cardiff Arms Park as the national stadium of Wales in 1999.

England national rugby union team

The England national rugby union team represents England in men's international rugby union. 

England have won the championship on a total of 28 times (as well as sharing 10 victories) – winning the Grand Slam 13 times and the Triple Crown 26 times – making them the most successful winners in the tournament's history.

Slaven Zambata

Slaven Zambata (24 September 1940 – 29 October 2020) was a Croatian football player. He was best known for his time at Dinamo Zagreb in the 1960s. He was also played for the national team, scoring 21 goals from 1962 to 1968. Zambata was born in Sinj, Kingdom of Yugoslavia.

Zambata died on 29 October 2020 in Zagreb, Croatia at the age of 80.


Rayman 2: The Great Escape

Rayman 2: The Great Escape (also know as Rayman 3D) is a 1999 3D platform video game released by Ubisoft for the Nintendo 64, PlayStation, Nintendo DS and Sega Dreamcast. It is a sequel to 1995's "Rayman". And became as a part of "Rayman" series. A PlayStation 2 version renamed as Rayman 2: Revolution.

Rayman has been locked up to a Robot Pirate ship. He reunited with Globox and was given back his ability to use his fists and escape out the ship. He landed on a forest.

The game was heavily acclaimed and considered one of the best games of 1999.

Rayman M

Rayman M (or Rayman Arena in North America) is a 2001 racing/fighting video game released by Ubi Soft for the PlayStation 2, Nintendo GameCube and Xbox. It is a spin-off to "Rayman".

In the original and "Arena" versions of the game, players can on-foot race in tracks or battle against enemies. The "Rush" PlayStation port drops the battles in favor of more race tracks.


In PlayStation versions, "Rayman M" has change into Rayman Rush. Is an on-foot racing game. Developed by Ubi Soft Shanghai, and published by Ubi Soft.


Halo: Combat Evolved Anniversary

Halo: Combat Evolved Anniversary is a 2011 first-person shooter video game and a remake of 2001's "".

The game lets you switch between the original Xbox graphics and sound and the updated graphics and sound.

DmC: Devil May Cry

DmC: Devil May Cry is a 2013 hack and slash video game that is a reboot to the "Devil May Cry" franchise. It had mixed to positive reviews but poor sales, resulting in "Devil May Cry 5".

Dante is born to Sparda and an angel named Eva.

Early previews had negative reception before the game got released in January 2013.

Shrek SuperSlam

Shrek SuperSlam is a 2005 fighting video game based on the "Shrek" franchise. It was released by Activision for the Nintendo DS, Nintendo GameCube, PlayStation 2 and Xbox.

Up to four players can fight against each other or with a team.


The Nightmare Before Christmas: Oogie's Revenge

The Nightmare Before Christmas: Oogie's Revenge is a 2004 video game that is a sequel to "The Nightmare Before Christmas". It was released by Capcom for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox. It is inspired by the "Devil May Cry" franchise.

Jack Skellington can use his Soul Robber to attack enemies and as the game progresses, he can change to his Pumpkin King and Santa Claus outfits with fire and ice abilities, respectively. During boss battles, he can dance along with enemies.

Oogie Boogie has been resurrected by Lock, Shock and Barrel and has plans to kidnap Santa Claus.

The Nightmare Before Christmas: The Pumpkin King

The Nightmare Before Christmas: The Pumpkin King is a 2005 video game that is a prequel to "The Nightmare Before Christmas". It was released by Capcom for the Game Boy Advance.

Jack Skellington attack enemies with Frog's Breath.

Oogie Boogie of the forgotten holiday Bug Day wants to bring wrath to Jack Skellington for making people forget his holiday.

Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams

Spy Kids 2: The Island of Lost Dreams is the second movie of the "Spy Kids" series. It is directed and written by Robert Rodriguez. The movie stars Alexa Vega and Daryl Sabara and was released in United States theaters on August 7, 2002.

Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over

Spy Kids 3-D: Game Over is the third movie of the "Spy Kids" series. It is directed and written by Robert Rodriguez. The movie stars Alexa Vega and Daryl Sabara and was released in United States theaters on July 25, 2003. 

Lego Star Wars: The Video Game

Lego Star Wars: The Video Game is a 2005 action-adventure LEGO video game based on the "Star Wars" prequel trilogy. It was released a month before "".

The Jedi characters can use the Force to move and build objects.

Donnie Darko: The Director's Cut

Donnie Darko: The Director's Cut is a 2004 extended edition of the 2001 movie "Donnie Darko".

Richard Kelly was given $290,000 to remaster and change his movie for a director's cut.

Donnie realizes from his therapist that the pills are actually water placebos.


Halo: The Master Chief Collection

Halo: The Master Chief Collection is a 2014 first-person shooter video game compilation that has "", "Halo 2" (given a remake treatment), "Halo 3", "Halo 4", "" and "".

The game lets you switch between the original Xbox graphics and sound and the updated graphics and sound for both Combat Evolved and 2.

Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order

Marvel Ultimate Alliance 3: The Black Order is a 2019 video game and the third entry of "Marvel Ultimate Alliance". It is exclusive for the Nintendo Switch. It was released on July 19, 2019 by Nintendo, Tecmo Koei and Team Ninja.

A team of up to four selectable characters can use synergy attacks to defeat enemies.

The Incredible Hulk (2008 video game)

The Incredible Hulk is a 2008 action video game based on the Louis Leterrier movie of the same name. It was developed by Edge of Reality. It had Edward Norton, Liv Tyler, William Hurt and Tim Roth returning from their roles from the movies.

The game has levels where the Hulk can destroy the environment and enemies such as the U-Foes.

Prince of Persia: Warrior Within

Prince of Persia: Warrior Within is a 2004 action-adventure video game and a sequel to 2003's "". Unlike the previous game, it has plenty of mature content, graphic violence, profanity and sexual themes.

The Prince can dual wield swords while battling enemies.

The Prince has been chased by the Dahaka for sleepless nights. He and his army set sail for the Island of Time. If the Prince doesn't get all nine health upgrades and the Water Sword, he has Kaileena as the final boss. He kills her and the Dahaka takes the Amulet of Time from him. If the Prince gets all nine health upgrades and the Water Sword, he has the Dahaka as the final boss. The Prince learns that the Water Sword is effective towards the Dahaka.

The game was liked but some didn't like how violent and edgy the game was.

Ratchet (Ratchet &amp; Clank)

Ratchet is one of the two main characters of the "Ratchet & Clank" franchise. He is a Lombax who looks after his robot companion.

Ratchet is the only son of Kaden and was sent from Fastoon of the Polaris Galaxy to Veldin of the Solana Galaxy so he wouldn't be hunted down by Emperor Percival Tachyon. One day, a ship landed on Veldin and Ratchet met Clank.

Mikey Kelley first voiced Ratchet before he was replaced by James Arnold Taylor starting with .

X-Men: The Official Game

X-Men: The Official Game is a 2006 action video game based on the "X-Men" franchise and set between the events of "" and "". It had several cast members returning, including Hugh Jackman, Alan Cumming and Patrick Stewart.

The game lets you play as either Wolverine, Nightcrawler and Iceman.

Megara (Disney)

Megara is a character from Disney's Hercules. She is voiced by Susan Egan.

Megara was captured by Nessus and was rescued by Hercules. She doesn't like being known as the damsel in distress. She made a deal with Hades.

Men in Black: International

Men in Black: International is a 2019 science fiction action comedy movie directed by F. Gary Gray and a spin-off of the "Men in Black" franchise. It had bad movie reviews and didn't do well at the box office.



Joe Allen

Joseph Michael Allen (born 14 March 1990) is a Welsh footballer. He plays as a midfielder for EFL Championship club and the Wales national team.

Swansea City

Liverpool

Individual


Negan

Negan is a fictional male from "The Walking Dead" franchise.

He has been played by Jeffrey Dean Morgan in "The Walking Dead" show and "Tekken 7".

Raphaël Guerreiro

Raphaël Adelino José Guerreiro (born 22 December 1993) is a Portuguese footballer. He plays as a left back or a left midfielder who plays for German club Borussia Dortmund and the Portuguese national team.

Borussia Dortmund

Portugal

Individual

Orders


Dimitri Payet

Dimitri Payet (born 29 March 1987) is a Réunion-born French footballer. He plays as a midfielder for Ligue 1 club Olympique de Marseille and the France national team.

AS Excelsior

Marseille

France

Individual

Chengalpattu district

Chengalpattu is one of the 38 districts in Tamil Nadu. The district headquarters is Chengalpattu.

E3 2013

E3 is a convention where multiple people interested in gaming come and watch presentations that well-known gaming companies give about their new games or systems for gaming.

Erode taluk

Erode taluk is a taluk of Erode district in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. The main city of the taluk is Erode.

Karur taluk

Karur District is a district located along the Kaveri and Amaravati Rivers in the Indian state of Tamil Nadu. 
The main town in Karur District is the city of Karur, which is also the district headquarters. It is the centrally located district of Tamil Nadu. It is bounded by Namakkal district in the north, Dindigul district in the south, Tiruchirapalli district on the east.
The main crops of Karur district are paddy banana, sugarcane, beetle leaf, grams & pulses, tapioca, kora grass, groundnuts, oil seeds, tropical vegetables, garland flowers, and medicinal herbs. Karur is famous for its home textiles - bed linens, kitchen linens, toilet linens table linens and wall hangings. Karur is a renowned hub for bus building industry. Karur is also home to Chettinad Cements and TNPL Cements. Pasupatheeswarar Siva temple and Vishnu temple at Thiruvithuvakkodu are in Karur. Prominent mosques are Thowheeth 98 and medieval times, the area was ruled by the Cheras, Gangas and Cholas. Later the Nayakars followed by Tipu Sultan also ruled Tiruppur districts on the west. Karur is one of the oldest towns in Tamil Nadu and has played a very significant role in the history and culture of the Tamils. In the ancient Karur. mosque, Big Palli, Ahle hadees Pallivasal, TNTJ Mosque, Jamia Pallivasal and Bajar Mosque.

Stadio Renato Dall'Ara

Stadio Renato Dall'Ara is a multi-purpose stadium in Bologna, Italy. It is mostly for football matches. It is the home stadium of Bologna F.C. 1909. The stadium was built in 1927. It has a capacity of 38,279. It has also been known as the Stadio Littoriale and the Stadio Comunale. The stadium is named after Renato Dall'Ara, who was a former president of Bologna. The stadium hosted matches at the 1934 FIFA World Cup and the 1990 FIFA World Cup. 

The Stadio Renato Dall'Ara has been a venue at 2 FIFA World Cup tournaments.
The stadium was used for two matches at the 1934 FIFA World Cup. It hosted the following matches:

The stadium was one of the stadiums used at the 1990 FIFA World Cup. It hosted the following matches:

The stadium is one of the stadiums used by the Italian national team. It has hosted the following matches:


2020 Nice stabbing

On 29 October 2020, three people were Stabbed and killed in an attack in a Roman Catholic church in Nice, Provence-Alpes-Côte d'Azur, France. The attack happened between 8:50 and 9:00 AM local time. The mayor of Nice said that this was a terrorist attack. He called it "islamist terrorism". The attacker was an 21 year old Tunisian. The three people killed were a seventy-year-old woman, a woman in her thirties and a member of the clergy. The woman in her thirties was able to leave the church but she died soon after the attack in a nearby restaurant. Local police entered the church and fought with the attacker. The policemen used tasers before they shot him. The attacker was taken to a nearby hospital. 

The attacker was a 21 year old man from Tunisia. He had entered Italy from Lampedusa in late September 2020. The man had travelled to Bari, Apulia on 9 October. He got to France in mid October 2020. He has not asked for asylum in France. This attack happened about a week after another attack. In the earlier attack, a teacher was stabbed after showing cartoons of Muhammad. 

Turkey wished condolences to the families of the people who were killed. 
On the same day, there were two other incidents involving France . In the first incident, an attacker threatened to shoot people near Avignon. There was also an attack on the French consulate in Jeddah, Saudi Arabia. After these attacks, the French state raised its security alert to the maximum level.

Marc Hecker, an expert on terrorism, has analyzed this stabbing, a stabbing that happened in September in Paris and the stabbing where a teacher was targeted. He said that that the attacks are probably related to the republication of Muhammad cartoons by Chartlie Hebdo. These cartoons have caused resentment in many Islamic countries. Wassim Nasr, a journalist who deals with Islamic jihadism, said that it is not political jihad which motivates these attacks: "These people feel attacked in their faith, but do not have a political project as such, such as dividing French society or the departure of the French armies from the Sahel. On the other hand, the fact that they act alone and without ties to the jihadist sphere makes their surveillance almost impossible."

Son of the Mask

Son of the Mask is a 2005 superhero comedy movie that is a sequel to 1994's "The Mask". It didn't do well with both critics and the box office. It was released on February 18th, 2005. The only actor to return from the original movie was Ben Stein.


The movie was a flop and wasn't well-liked.

Allen &amp; Overy

Allen & Overy was founded in the City of London on 1 January 1930 by George Allen and Thomas Overy, formerly partners at Roney & Co. The main purpose was to build a commercial practice. The firm's reputation was made as a result of George Allen's role as adviser to King Edward VIII during the abdication crisis of 1936. By the time the Second World War broke out in 1939, Allen & Overy had firmly established itself as a leading City law firm.

In 1996, non-UK clients contributed more to Allen & Overy's revenue than UK clients. In 1998, non-UK clients contributed two-thirds of revenue.

In 2000, Allen & Overy merged with part of the Amsterdam, Brussels and Luxembourg offices of Loeff Claeys Verbeke.

In 2009, following the Global Financial Crisis, Allen & Overy completed a redundancy programme which saw 400 partners and staff lose their jobs globally. As well as cutting 47 partners, the firm cut around 200 fee-earners and 200 members of support staff, half of which were based in London. Allen & Overy de-equitised a further 35 partners. In the same year, Allen & Overy demerged its private client department, which became Maurice Turnor Gardner LLP.

Allen & Overy has 44 offices in 31 countries across Africa, Asia Pacific, Europe, North America, Latin America and the Middle East.

In 2018, the firm has faced criticism over diversity and gender pay gap Externally the firm states, "Allen & Overy's strategic priorities are to achieve better gender balance at its top levels and to promote greater LGBT+ inclusion."

Gender. In 2010, Allen & Overy announced that it was offering full equity partners the option to work part-time. The move was hailed as a 'watershed moment' for the legal sector. It is believed to be the first scheme of its kind by any major international law firm.

LGBT+. Allen & Overy's LGBT+ network, A&Out, which was launched in 2016, supports its members by hosting a variety of events that aim to raise awareness of LGBT issues, and to allow members to network. Allen & Overy was ranked in the top 100 of the Stonewall Workplace Equality Index 2018, an audit of workplace culture for LGBT+ staff in the UK. In 2017, Allen and Overy advised Stonewall on the Alan Turing law on a pro bono basis. The Alan Turing law is an informal term for the law in the United Kingdom, contained in the Policing and Crime Act 2017, which serves as an amnesty law to pardon men who were cautioned or convicted under historical legislation that outlawed homosexual acts.

Some of the firm's notable alumni include:


Sin City: A Dame to Kill For

Sin City: A Dame to Kill For is a 2014 American crime thriller movie written, produced and directed by Frank Miller and Robert Rodriguez. It is based on Miller's graphic novel series of the same name.

Sultanate of Rum

The Sultanate of Rûm was a Sunni Muslim kingdom in Anatolia, founded by Süleyman I of Rüm of the Seljuk dynasty, from 1077 to 1308. Süleyman was a Muslim Turkoman ruler in Anatolia. The Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm Collapsed In 1308, Some time after The Mongol Invasion. After its collapse, many Beyliks were founded in Anatolia under the early time of the Ottoman Empire.

The Seljuk Sultanate of Rûm was formed in 1077, when the Seljuks defeated the Byzantine Empire and started to conquer their territories in Anatolia. This occurred after the Battle of Manzikert resulted in a Byzantine defeat in 1071 and the Seljuk Muslim tribes of Anatolia conquered large parts of Anatolia and formed their own Beyliks. The Seljuks set up the Sultanate of Rûm in Anatolia in 1077. It was formed on conquered Byzantine territory. Later, the Seljuk Empire would Fall, after that the Seljuk sultanate of Rum was mostly called "Seljuk Sultanate". This sultanate propagated the Islamization of Anatolia through the influx of several Turkoman tribes into regions of Anatolia which were earlier conquered from the Christian Byzantine Empire.

Beylik

Beylik is a Turkish word for a usually small, Muslim Principality ruled by a chieftain (Bey).

Jonah: A VeggieTales Movie

Jonah: A VeggieTales Movie is a 2002 computer animated family movie based on "VeggieTales" and the Book of Jonah from the Old Testament of the Bible.

Junior, Laura, Bob and their friends are taking a road trip until they saw porcupines on the road.


Jessie (Toy Story)

Jessie is a character of the Toy Story franchise, starting with "Toy Story 2" (1999). She is a member of Woody's Roundup as shown in the TV show. She is voiced by Joan Cusack.

Jessie was owned by Emily who grew older and decided to donate her to the tri-county area. She was collected by Al McWhiggin who also owned Bullseye and Stinky Pete the Prospector. They later met Woody, who was owned by Andy.

Rayman 3: Hoodlum Havoc

Rayman 3: Hoodlum Havoc is a 2003 3D platform video game released by Ubisoft for the Nintendo GameCube, PlayStation 2 and Xbox. It is a sequel to 1999's . John Leguizamo voices Globox in this game.

Rayman can get cans that give him different abilities. Halfway through the game, Rayman can scare Black Lums so they become Red Lums.

André, the leader of the Black Lums had gathered an army of Hoodlums by transforming the Red Lums into Black Lums.

The Flintstones (movie)

The Flintstones is a 1994 comedy movie based on the Hanna-Barbera cartoon of the same name. It was directed by Brian Levant and featured John Goodman as Fred Flintstone and Rick Moranis as Barney Rubble. It was followed by a 2000 prequel titled, "The Flintstones in Viva Rock Vegas".



1934 FIFA World Cup Final

The 1934 FIFA World Cup Final was the final match of the 1934 FIFA World Cup. It was played between Italy and Czechoslovakia. It was played on 10 June 1934 at the Stadio Nazionale PNF in Rome, Italy. 

The last surviving player from that final was Czechoslovak goalkeeper František Plánička who died on 20 July 1996 at the age of 92.

<section begin=Final /><section end=Final />
<section begin=Lineups />

</includeonly><section end=Lineups />
Match rules


Lego Star Wars II: The Original Trilogy

Lego Star Wars II: The Original Trilogy is a 2006 action-adventure LEGO video game based on the "Star Wars" original trilogy.

Unlike the first game, anybody can move Lego pieces to build something.

Lego Star Wars III: The Clone Wars

Lego Star Wars III: The Clone Wars is a 2011 action-adventure LEGO video game based on the "" shows. It was released on March 22, 2011 by TT Games.

The next Lego Star Wars game is "" (2016).

Clone troopers and droids can command armies.

Superstring theory

The Superstring theory is an approach to realize Albert Einstein’s dream of a united theory of physics. It is a single unified theory that would be able to describe all of the forces at work in the universe. The Superstring theory is also known as the String Theory.

Star Wars: Episode III – Revenge of the Sith (video game)

Star Wars Episode III: Revenge of the Sith is a 2005 action-adventure video game based on "".

The single-player campaign has lightsaber duels with General Grievous, Count Dooku, Mace Windu, Obi-Wan Kenobi and Anakin Skywalker.

The game has an alternate ending that can be unlocked once the game is completed. Anakin Skywalker warns Obi-Wan to not underestimate his power. He reaches Obi-Wan with a jump and kills him with his lightsaber. Darth Sidious arrived and congratulated Anakin by giving him a new lightsaber. Anakin kills Sidious and declares the galaxy belongs to him.

Oddworld: Stranger's Wrath

Oddworld: Stranger's Wrath is a 2005 adventure/first person shooter video game developed by "Oddworld Inhabitants". It was first released for the Xbox and was a flop but got great reviews.

The player can switch between third person and first person camera with the latter for shooting at enemies. Stranger can bag up enemies for money or extra ammo.

Stranger has captured Blisterz Booty and sent him to jail. He is saving up on money to have surgery from a doctor.

Mensheviks

The 'Mensheviks (), also known as the Minority, were moderate socialists in the Russian Social Democratic Labour Party, a party in The Russian Empire which wanted socialism to be adopted in Russia in the early 20th century. Their opponents were the Bolsheviks, who were radical communists who wanted a dictatorship. The Mensheviks wanted social democracy.

Run for Your Life (Beatles song)

"Run for Your Life" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on their 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It was mainly written by John Lennon, but listed as Lennon-McCartney. The song is about jealousy towards a woman, with the first line of the song being "I'd rather see you dead, little girl, than to be with another man". This was taken from the Elvis Presley song "Baby Let's Play House". Lennon said that he did not like the song.



Run for Your Life

Run for Your Life, or others, may mean:







Okinawan Japanese

Okinawan Japanese (沖縄和大和口, "Uchinaa-yamatuguchi") is a form of the Japanese language in the islands of Okinawa. It comes from Standard Japanese, but many words are taken from the Okinawan and Kunigami languages. It is spoken by much of Okinawa and is used a lot by younger people.

Okinawan Japanese formed because of language mixing between Okinawan and Japanese. This happened because the Okinawa Islands were being assimilated by mainland Japan. The same thing also happened in the Amami Islands, causing Amami Japanese to form.

Prince of Persia: The Two Towers

Prince of Persia: The Two Towers is a 2005 action-adventure video game and a sequel to 2004's "". It is the last entry of the "Sands of Time" trilogy.

The Prince can dual wield swords while battling enemies. As the Dark Prince, he must collect sand to regain health.

The Prince and Kaileena arrive to Babylon, to see it in ruins.

Brandon Rogers (YouTuber)

Brandon Rogers (born August 3, 1988) is an American YouTuber, comedian, actor, writer and filmmaker. He has co-written and voiced in "Helluva Boss" (2019-present).

Born on August 3, 1988 in Hayward, California, he started to dabble on YouTube. He has over 6 million subscribers on his YouTube channel.

Brandon grew up from a conservative family and became a liberal gay man.


Denny Tamaki

Denny Tamaki (玉城デニー, "Tamaki Denī", born October 13, 1959) is the governor of Okinawa Prefecture. 

He was born in the town of Uruma on Okinawa Island. He was born to a Chinese-American military father, whom Tamaki never saw, and an Okinawan mother.

He became governor in 2018 when he defeated Atsushi Sakima. Tamaki's campaign is mainly about the Futenma base relocation, which is something he's against. He has also criticized US military bases when there were coronavirus outbreaks in them.

Avignon threats

On the 29 October 2020, a man threatened people with a gun in Avignon, Vaucluse, France. He was Fabien Badaroux, who claimed to be part of the far-right identitarian group Génération identitaire. This could not be confirmed. The group said the man was not one of their members. Badaroux argued with a person from the Maghreb. A bystander alerted the police. Badaroux was killed by police, wanting to arrest him at 11.15 local time. The attack is not classified as terrorism. Later, the threatened driver told police that Badaroux had done a Nazi salute, and charged his weapon, before threatening him. According to some sources, Badaroux was treated in a psychiatric hospital nearby. He was a local man from Avignon, aged 33. 

This incident took place on the same day as a triple killing in Nice. 

2020 Singaporean general election

A general election was held in Singapore on 10 July 2020. It elected members to the 14th Parliament of Singapore using the first-past-the-post. Voting was mandatory for all Singaporeans over the age of 21. The People's Action Party (PAP) won the election for the 15th time in a row since 1959 with Lee Hsien Loong staying as Prime Minister. The PAP won 83 seats with the Workers' Party winning 10. This was the largest opposition since 1966.

Horton Hears a Who! (movie)

Horton Hears a Who! is a 2008 American 3D computer-animated musical adventure comedy movie based on the Dr. Seuss book of the same name.


Equality and Human Rights Commission

The Equality and Human Rights Commission (EHRC) is a non-departmental public body in England and Wales. It was created by the Equality Act 2006 on 1 October 2007. The Commission has responsibility for the promotion of equality and non-discrimination laws in England, Scotland and Wales. It took over the responsibilities of the Commission for Racial Equality, the Equal Opportunities Commission and the Disability Rights Commission.

Oruge tree frog

The Oruge tree frog ("Litoria modica") is a frog from the island of New Guinea. Scientists saw it in between 1500 and 2000 meters above sea level in the mountains in the middle of Papua New Guinea and the Owen Stanley Mountains, but they did not see it on the Huon Peninsula. Scientists think it may also live in Indonesia.

Bob Whitlow

Robert Edward Whitlow (February 15, 1936 – October 23, 2020) was an American football center in the National Football League (NFL) for the Washington Redskins, Detroit Lions, Atlanta Falcons, and Cleveland Browns. He played college football at the University of Arizona. He was born in Shelbyville, Indiana.

Whitlow died on October 23, 2020 in Cumming, Georgia at the age of 84.

Miomir Dašić

Dašić died on 28 October 2020 in Podgorica, Montenegro at the age of 89.

Karim Akbari Mobarakeh

Karim Akbari Mobarakeh , () (6 June 1953 – 29 October 2020) was an Iranian actor and movie director. He was born in Tehran, Iran. His career began in 1971. He was known for his acting roles as Abd-al in "Shaheed-e-Kufa" (1992) and as Ahmar in "Mokhtarnameh" (2012).

Akbari Mobarakeh died of COVID-19 in Tehran on 29 October 2020 at the age of 67.

Arturo Rivera

Arturo Rivera (15 April 1945 – 29 October 2020) was a Mexican painter. He was born in Mexico City. Many of his artwork were seen in Chicago, New York City, Paris and Mexico City. 

The Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Monterrey (MARCO) held a solo exhibition featuring 15 years of Rivera's work in 1997. Then in 2003, the MARCO bestowed upon Rivera recognition as a master of Mexican 20th century art.

Rivera died on 29 October 2020 from a cerebral hemorrhage in Mexico City, aged 75.

Wavel Ramkalawan

Wavel Ramkalawan (born 15 March 1961) is a Seychellois politician and Anglican priest. He is the 5th and current President of Seychelles. Ramkalawan was an opposition MP from 1993 to 2011 and 2016 to 2020. He also was the Leader of the Opposition from 1998 to 2011 and 2016 to 2020. 

On 25 October 2020, Ramkalawan was elected President of the Republic of Seychelles.

Alp Arslan

Alp Arslan was the second Seljuk Sultan who reigned from 1063 to 1072. He is famous for his conquest of Anatolia after defeating the Byzantines in the Battle of Manzikert and expansion of the Seljuk Empire.

Ottoman Interregnum

The Ottoman Interregnum, also known as The Ottoman Civil War, was a State of Interregnum In the Ottoman Empire lasting from 1402 to 1413. Four Brothers Mehmed, Isa, Musa and Suleiman Fought each other For the Throne

The Civil war Began In 1402 when Timur sent Delegations to all the Ottoman Princes, telling them that They are the Rulers of the Ottoman Empire, making the Brothers Fight each other for 11 Years. In the End, Mehmed won, Becoming Mehmed the First, becoming the Fifth Ruler of the Ottoman Empire.

Rishi Sunak

Rishi Sunak (born 12 May 1980) is a British politician and the Prime Minister of the United Kingdom since 25 October 2022. He was the Chancellor of the Exchequer in the Boris Johnson government from 2020 to 2022. He is a member of the Conservative Party and has been a Member of Parliament since the 2015 general election. 

In July 2022, Sunak resigned from his position as Chancellor of the Exchequer in protest against the Boris Johnson government. This caused a government crisis. Sunak later announced his candidacy for Leader of the Conservative Party in the 2022 leadership election. He lost the election to Liz Truss in September. However, a month later, Truss resigned, and Sunak ran again in the second 2022 leadership election. Nobody ran against him, and he became the new Conservative Party leader on 24 October 2022. Sunak is the first non-white, first British Indian, and first Hindu person to become prime minister of the United Kingdom.

Sunak was born at Southampton General Hospital in Southampton to Indian parents. Sunak went to school at Winchester College. He later studied at Lincoln College, Oxford, and went to Stanford University as a Fulbright Scholar. After graduating, he worked for Goldman Sachs.

Sunak was elected for Richmond (Yorks) at the 2015 general election. He was in Theresa May's second government as Parliamentary Under-Secretary of State for Local Government. He voted for May's Brexit withdrawal agreement three times. After May resigned, Sunak supported Boris Johnson's campaign to become Conservative leader. 

After Johnson was elected, he appointed Sunak as Chief Secretary to the Treasury. When Sajid Javid resigned as Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sunak replaced him in February 2020.

As Chancellor, Sunak handled the government's economic response to the COVID-19 pandemic in the United Kingdom and the decision to lockdown. In April 2022, he broke COVID-19 regulations during lockdowns. He was the first Chancellor in British history to be punished for breaking the law while in office. He resigned as Chancellor on 5 July 2022 because he was against Johnson's leadership. 

On 8 July 2022, Sunak announced his candidacy to replace Johnson in the upcoming Conservative party leadership election. On 20 July, after winning the first five rounds of the election, he reached the final round against Liz Truss.

On 5 September 2022, it was announced that Truss had won the election with 81,326 votes while Sunak got 60,399 votes.

A month later, Truss resigned as prime minister in October. Sunak was the front-runner to replace her in the second leadership election of 2022. He announced his candidacy on 23 October 2022. On 24 October, he became the only leadership candidate after Boris Johnson said he would not run again and Penny Mordaunt withdrew from the race. He was announced as the new Conservative Party leader.

Sunak became Prime Minister of the United Kingdom on 25 October 2022. He is the first non-white person and the first Hindu to become prime minister. With a net worth of £730 million, he is the richest British prime minister since Edward Smith-Stanley, 14th Earl of Derby. Most of the people who have been Prime Minister in the past were also rich, although there were a few exceptions. In general, Prime Ministers have more money than most people.

Sunak is also the youngest prime minister since William Pitt the Younger.

In 2009, he married fashion designer Akshata Murty. She is the daughter of the Indian billionaire N. R. Narayana Murthy and businesswoman Sudha Murty. They have two children.

They live at a manor house in the village of Kirby Sigston, near to Northallerton, North Yorkshire. They also own a mews house in Kensington in central London, a flat in South Kensington, London, and a penthouse apartment in Santa Monica, California.


Amanda Milling

Amanda Anne Milling (born 12 March 1975) is a British Conservative Party politician. She was the Chairwoman of the Conservative Party alongside Ben Elliot and Minister without Portfolio from February 2020 to September 2022. Milling has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Cannock Chase since the 2015 general election.

Chris Pincher

Christopher John Pincher (born 24 September 1969) is a British Conservative Party politician. He became the Minister of State for Housing in February 2020. 

He was Minister of State for Europe and the Americas and Deputy Chief Government Whip and has been the Member of Parliament (MP) for Tamworth since 2010.

Pincher was first elected as MP for Tamworth at the 2010 general election. 

He was a Parliamentary Private Secretary to Foreign Secretary Philip Hammond from 2015 to 2016. 

After two men accused Pincher of groping while he was drunk, he resigned as Deputy Chief Whip on 30 June 2022, and had the Conservative Party whip removed.<ref name="bbc 03/07/2022"></ref> This caused a scandal over his appointment to the role, leading to a government crisis and the eventual resignation of Prime Minister Boris Johnson.

Margaret Birch

Margaret Birch (June 13, 1921 — October 29, 2020) was a Canadian politician. She was a Progressive Conservative member of the Legislative Assembly of Ontario from 1971 to 1985. She was a cabinet minister in the government of William Davis. She was the first female cabinet minister in Ontario. Birch was born in Leamington, Ontario.

Birch died on October 29, 2020 at her home in Scarborough, Ontario at the age of 99.


Leamington, Ontario

Leamington is a municipality in Essex County, Ontario, Canada. With a population of 27,595 in the Canada 2016 Census.

David Ross (baseball)

David Wade Ross (born March 19, 1977) is an American professional baseball manager and former catcher for the Chicago Cubs of Major League Baseball (MLB). He played for 15 years in MLB.

Ross played college baseball for Auburn University and the University of Florida. He was born in Bainbridge, Georgia and was raised in Tallahassee, Florida.

He started his major league career playing for the Los Angeles Dodgers in 2002 and also played for the Pittsburgh Pirates, San Diego Padres, Cincinnati Reds, Boston Red Sox, Atlanta Braves, and Chicago Cubs. 

Ross had two World Series wins with the Boston Red Sox in 2013 and the Chicago Cubs in 2016. The Cubs named him their manager before the 2020 season.

Tony La Russa

Anthony La Russa Jr. (; born October 4, 1944) is an American professional baseball manager of the Chicago White Sox of Major League Baseball (MLB). He is the former manager of the St. Louis Cardinals and Oakland Athletics, as well as a former player.

As a player, La Russa made his major league debut in 1963 and spent parts of five major league seasons with the Kansas City/Oakland Athletics, Atlanta Braves and Chicago Cubs. 

in December 2013, La Russa was elected a member of the Hall of Fame by the 16-member Veterans Committee.

Maury Wills

Maurice Morning Wills (October 2, 1932 – September 19, 2022) was an American former professional baseball player and manager. He was born in Washington, D.C..

Wills played in Major League Baseball (MLB) primarily for the Los Angeles Dodgers from 1959 to 1966 and again from 1969 to 1972. He also played for the Pittsburgh Pirates in 1967 and 1968, and the Montreal Expos the first part of 1969. From 1980 to 1981, he managed Seattle Mariners.

Wills won the World Series three times in 1959, 1963 and 1965. He was an All-Star player from 1961 to 1963 and 1965 to 1966.


Serbian Orthodox Church

The Serbian Orthodox Church is one of the autocephalous Eastern Orthodox Christian churches. It is the second-oldest Slavic Orthodox Church in the world (after the Bulgarian Orthodox Church). It is made-up of a majority of the population in Serbia, Montenegro, and the Republika Srpska entity of Bosnia and Herzegovina.


Amfilohije Radović

Amfilohije Radović (; ; 7 January 1938 – 30 October 2020) was a bishop of the Serbian Orthodox Church. He was first the Bishop of Banat between 1985 and 1990, and then the Metropolitan Bishop of Montenegro and the Littoral from 1990, until his death. He was born in Bare Radovića, Kingdom of Yugoslavia.

On 7 October 2020, Radović was tested positive for COVID-19. He died on 30 October 2020 from the infection at a hospital in Podgorica, Montenegro at the age of 82.


Stanisław Gazda

Stanisław Gazda (11 May 1938 – 28 October 2020) was a Polish cyclist. He competed at the 1960 Summer Olympics in Rome in the road race and finished in sixth place.

He was on the podium of the Tour de Pologne in 1958, 1959, 1962, 1963 and 1972 and won the race in 1963. In 1962, he finished third in the Peace Race. He was born in Pszczyna, Poland.

Gazda died on 28 October 2020 in Rybnik, Poland at the age of 82.

Valeriy Babych

Valeriy Georgievich Baych (25 August 1953 – 29 October 2020) was a Ukrainian politician, economist and businessman. He was born in Brody, Ukraine. From 1994 to 2002, he was a member of the Verkhovna Rada.

Babych died of COVID-19 on 29 October 2020 at a hospital in Kiev, Ukraine at the age of 67.

Deutsche Borse

Deutsche Borse AG or the Deutsche Borse Group, is a marketplace organizer for the trading of shares and other securities. It is also a transaction services provider. It gives companies and investors access to global capital markets. It is a joint stock company and was founded in 1993. The headquarters are in Frankfurt. As of December 2010, the over 765 companies listed had a combined market capitalization of EUR 1.4 trillion. On 1 October 2014, Deutsche Borse AG became the 14th announced member of the United Nations Sustainable Stock Exchanges initiative.
Clearstream is a post-trade services provider owned by Deutsche Borse AG. It provides settlement and custody as well as other related services for securities across all asset classes. It is one of two European International central securities depositories (Euroclear being the other).

Clearstream operates securities settlement systems based in both Luxembourg and Germany, which allow for the holding and transfer of securities.

Clearstream operates its International Central Securities Depository (ICSD) from Luxembourg. It is also a joint partner in the Luxembourgish Central Securities Depository (CSD), LuxCSD, together with the Central Bank of Luxembourg. In Germany, Clearstream operates the German CSD, Clearstream Banking AG. Clearstream has links to over 50 domestic markets worldwide, and also issues and safekeeps Eurobonds.

In 2014, the value of assets under custody on behalf of customers averaged 12.2 trillion euros; furthermore, Clearstream processed 43.65 million ICSD and 82.68 million CSD settlement transactions.

Clearstream has around 2,500 customers in 110 countries. Clearstream accepts central banks and AML-regulated credit institutions (such as regulated banks) as customers. Clearstream does not accept natural persons as customers and no account is opened in the name of a natural person. Clearstream has therefore been described as a "bank for banks" ("Plumbers and Visionaries, a history of settlement and custody in Europe", Peter Norman).
Eurex Exchange is an international exchange which primarily offers trading in European based derivatives and it is the largest European futures and options market. The products traded on this exchange vary from German and Swiss debt instruments to European stocks and various stock indexes. All transactions executed on Eurex Exchange are cleared through Eurex Clearing, which functions as a central counterparty (CCP) for multi-asset class clearing of the above-mentioned exchange-traded product range as well as over-the-counter traded products.

According to the 2015 Futures Industry Association’s annual survey, Eurex Exchange is ranked as the world's third-largest derivatives exchange by contract volume. The Exchange is headquartered in Eschborn, Germany, near Frankfurt am Main and it is operated by Eurex Frankfurt AG and Eurex Zurich AG, which are public companies wholly owned by the German stock exchange operator Deutsche Borse AG.

Options Clearing Corporation

Options Clearing Corporation (also called "OCC") is a United States clearing house based in Chicago. Clearing houses are used to help traders, and they make sure each trade is correctly made, or "cleared". The OCC does this "clearing" with stocks, stock options, and many things that are very much like options (called equity derivatives). "Clearing" for stocks is very much like clearing a bank check. The OCC provides this service to at least 14 exchanges, where stocks, options, and contracts to buy or sell copper, gold, grain, oil, and other needed supplies. They also provide services for people and companies that need to borrow stocks. When someone borrows a stock, they have to pay OCC some money every day. This is the same as people who pay a bank for a loan of money.

Like all clearing houses, the OCC makes sure that nobody cheats, and they check everything to be sure that it is working. The OCC has about $100 billion US dollars of money deposited by big banks and trading companies (or "members"). Each day, the big banks and trading companies use the OCC to trade billions of dollars worth of stocks and other equity derivatives. In 2015, they had 4.2 billion trades. That was the third highest in their history.

In 2011, OCC was the largest clearing house in the USA. The Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (CFTC) are the two parts of government that watch over OCC. Under the SEC, OCC helps with stocks and options, indexes for stocks, foreign currencies, and futures contracts. The OCC is called a "registered Derivatives Clearing Organization (DCO)" by the CFTC. The have helped pay for schools to teach investors about trading, and they help finance advisors and companies learn answers to very difficult problems. They also teach about risk.
OCC is run by a board of directors, and the board is mostly people who work at big banks and trading companies. They are a utility, like a power company is a utility, but for financial things. They are called a financial utility provider. They make money from the big banks and trading companies they work with.
Members include:

Day-Time Wife

Day-Time Wife is a 1939 American comedy movie directed by Gregory Ratoff and starring Linda Darnell, Tyrone Power, Wendy Barrie, Warren William, Binnie Barnes, Joan Davis. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Kiilu Nyasha

Kiilu Nyasha (May 22, 1939 – April 10, 2018) was an American Black Panther, journalist, and revolutionary activist. She was born in 1939, and grew up in New York City and San Francisco. 

In San Francisco, she joined the Black Panther Party and worked for a lawyer who defended the Party. She lived in San Francisco's Chinatown for over 40 years. In her life, she met and worked with other activists like Yuri Kochiyama and Jean-Bertrand Aristide.

After the Black Panther Party ended, Kiilu Nyasha became known as a journalist. She hosted a radio show where she did interviews and wrote articles for San Francisco newspapers. After Hurricane Katrina, she gave a speech at the University of Arizona about the U.S. government's racism. She often spoke out to say other revolutionaries who were in prison should be released; one of the prisoners she supported the most was Mumia Abu-Jamal, who is also a journalist. Kiilu Nyasha kept doing journalism and activism right up to the time she died.


1955–56 European Cup

The 1955–56 European Cup was the first season of the European Cup. The tournament was won by Real Madrid. They beat Reims 4–3 in the final at the Parc des Princes, Paris, on June 13, 1956.

The participating clubs in the first five seasons of the European Cup were selected by French football magazine "L'Equipe". Of the originally selected teams were English champions Chelsea and Scottish champion Aberdeen. This was the only UEFA tournament to include a team from Saarland, before it was unified into West Germany in 1957.

"Reims won 3–0 on aggregate."

"Real Madrid won 5–4 on aggregate."


F91 Dudelange

F91 Dudelange, is a Luxembourgish football club based in Dudelange. They play in the Luxembourg National Division. It was formed in 1991 as a merger between three teams (Alliance Dudelange, Stade Dudelange and US Dudelange). 






People's Action Party

The People's Action Party (PAP) is a large centre-right political party in Singapore. It is one of two main parties in the Parliament of Singapore, with the other being the Workers' Party. It was started in 1954 and supported Singapore being independent from Malaysia. It has been in charge of Singapore since the 1959 general election.

The current chairman of the PAP is Deputy Prime Minister Heng Swee Keat. The current secretary general is the current Prime Minister of Singapore Lee Hsien Loong.

As of 30 July 2023, the Central Executive Committee comprises the following members:

Consumer goods

Consumer goods, which are also called final goods, are goods that are put on the market for the fulfillment of wants or needs. Examples for consumer goods might be food or a home appliance. Consumer goods are often subdivided into convenience goods (for example soap, or shampoo), and shopping goods (which usually are more expensive, and often last longer). 

Consumer goods fulfill the wants of people
Tom Hulce

Thomas Edward Hulce (born December 6, 1953) is an American actor and singer known for voicing Quasimodo in "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" (1996) and Wolfgang Amadeus Mozart from "Amadeus" (1984).


Van Helsing (video game)

Van Helsing is a 2004 hack and slash video game based on the Stephen Sommers movie of the same name. It had Hugh Jackman returning as the voice of Van Helsing. It was released for the PlayStation 2 and Xbox.

Van Helsing had followed Mr. Hyde to Paris, where he has captured several women.

Marvel: Ultimate Alliance

Marvel: Ultimate Alliance is a 2006 video game and the first entry of "Marvel Ultimate Alliance".

A team of up to four selectable characters can be used with team bonuses.

Peter Parker (Sam Raimi movie series)

Peter Parker, also known as Spider-Man, is the main hero of the 2002-2007 Sam Raimi "Spider-Man" trilogy and based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name. He was played by Tobey Maguire in all three movies and tie-in video games. Two later, un-related versions of Spider-Man came after this one in two separate movie series, namely one version in Marc Webb's films, and another one in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Peter Parker was raised by his Aunt May and Uncle Ben. He is very smart and a good student, but is picked on by his classmates. After a spider bites him during a field trip, Peter gains spider-like superhero abilities. He uses his powers selfishly at first, but after Uncle Ben is killed, Peter realizes that "with great power comes great responsibility" and starts using his powers to protect the people of New York City, becoming Spider-Man. Throughout the movie series, Spider-Man fights villains such as the Green Goblin, Doctor Octopus, Sandman, and Venom while also maintaining friendships with Harry Osborn and his long-time crush Mary-Jane Watson, who later falls in love with him. He also learns lessons on responsibility, sacrifice, and forgiveness.

Tobey Maguire's portrayal has been well-liked, even by his successors Andrew Garfield and Tom Holland. His portrayal in Spider-Man 3, particularly where he has the black suit on has had mixed reviews.

Norman Osborn (Sam Raimi movie series)

Norman Osborn, also known as the Green Goblin, is the main villain of the 2002 Sam Raimi "Spider-Man" movie and based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name. He was played by Willem Dafoe in all three movies and the first tie-in video game. Dafoe reprised his role in the 2021 movie .

The designers wanted a more comic-accurate design for his suit, but many considered the mask too creepy, so they went with the helmet seen in the movie.

Norman Osborn is the CEO of OSCORP and father of Harry Osborn, the best friend of Peter Parker. After being pressured by the American government to complete a project for them, Norman tests the project – a drug that is supposed to turn people into super-powered soldiers – on himself, turning himself into the crazy, evil Green Goblin and developing a split personality. After Peter becomes Spider-Man, he battles the Goblin several times. 

Norman eventually finds out Peter's secret identity, then attacks Peter's Aunt May and crush Mary-Jane Watson to try to bait him. Peter, as Spider-Man, manages to defeat the Goblin before Norman reveals himself. Despite finding out his best friend's dad is the Goblin, Peter refuses to work with Norman, who then tries to kill Peter but ends up killing himself instead. Harry then thinks Spider-Man killed his father, not knowing about the bad things Norman did as the Green Goblin until later in the movie series.

Willem Dafoe's portrayal has been well-liked and considered one of the best movie supervillains of all time despite his design.

Clank (Ratchet &amp; Clank)

Clank is one of the two main characters of the "Ratchet & Clank" franchise. He is a robot who looks after his Lombax friend.

Clank was created by Orvus, the leader of the Zoni at Quartu and was built as a tiny robot named XJ0461. He escaped and landed on Veldin, where he met Ratchet.

David Kaye has voiced Clank since his first appearance.

1956–57 European Cup

The 1956–57 European Cup was the second season of the European Cup. The competition was won by Real Madrid, who beat Fiorentina 2–0 in the final at the Santiago Bernabéu Stadium, Madrid, on May 30, 1957.

 Second leg played at Heysel Stadium, Brussels

"Fiorentina won 1–0 on aggregate"

"Real Madrid won 5–3 on aggregate"

The top scorers from the 1956–57 European Cup (including preliminary round) were as follows:


Doctor Sleep (novel)

Doctor Sleep is a sequel to The Shining, created in the perspective of the young boy in the shining (Danny) and a young girl who also has the shine ability. Throughout the book we meet a new evil presence where the people with this power feed off of children's screams and souls. The little girl has a more powerful shine than the others and becomes our main protagonist throughout the story

Gaet'ale Pond

Gaet'ale pond is a small hypersaline lake found near the Dallol crater in the Danakil Depression (Afar, Ethiopia). It is found over a hot spring. It has no inlet or outlet streams. The water of Gaet'ale Pond has a salinity of 43%, making it the saltiest body of water on Earth.

Gaet'ale pond is the largest of a series of small ponds found approximately 4 kilometres (2.5 mi) southeast of Dallol springs. It is shaped like a crescent. It has a diameter of about 60 metres (200 ft).

The salts in the water of Gaet'ale Pond are mainly made up of calcium chloride (CaCl) and magnesium chloride (MgCl). It also contains small amounts of Na, K and NO ions. It also contains traces of Fe that form a complex with Cl, making the water yellow.

Bubbles of odourless gas are released from the lake. It is likely volcanically produced CO. It has been proposed that the gas may be harmful for small animals or humans because dead birds and insect have been found around the pond.

Shō Tai

Shō Tai (尚泰, Okinawan: "Shoo tee") was the last ruler of the Ryukyu Kingdom.

He was born on August 3, 1843 in the town of Shuri (the capital at the time). He was the son of Shō Iku, the previous king. In 1879, Shō Tai lost his role as king due to Japan annexing Ryūkyū. He was moved to Tokyo where he became a government member. He died there on August 19, 1901 at the age of 59.

I've Just Seen a Face

"I've Just Seen a Face" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on the Parlophone version 1965 album "Help!". In North America, it was released on the Capitol Records version of the 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It was written by Paul McCartney, but listed as Lennon-McCartney.


Gunnar Fischer

Gunnar Fischer (November 18, 1910 – June 11, 2011) was a Swedish cinematographer and writer. He is known for having filmed several movies directed by Ingmar Bergman.

He was married to the sister of Åke Söderblom.

It's Only Love

"It's Only Love" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on their 1965 Parlophone album "Help!". It was released in North America on the Capitol version of their 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It was mainly written by John Lennon, but listed as Lennon–McCartney. Lennon did not like the song. He called it "lousy" and said it had bad lyrics. Critics also mostly did not like it.

According to Ian MacDonald, except where noted:



Day Tripper

"Day Tripper" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was released as a double A-side single with "We Can Work it Out" on 3 December 1965. This was at the same time as the band's album "Rubber Soul". It was written mainly by John Lennon, but was listed as Lennon–McCartney. It was part of the first double A-side in the United Kingdom. "Day Tripper"/"We Can Work it Out" was the 7th highest selling single of the 1960s in the United Kingdom. The main part of the song is a guitar riff that Lennon wrote.<ref name="Pollack/Notes"></ref> He got the idea for this riff from Bobby Parker's song "Watch Your Step".


Boops boops

Boops boops, the bogue, is a species of ray-finned fish. Its common name in most languages refers to its large bug eyes.

Little is known about "Boops boops", but it resembles a mackerel. The species is found off the coasts of Europe, Africa, the Azores and the Canary Islands, from Norway to Angola, and in the Mediterranean and Black Seas. It avoids brackish waters such as the Baltic Sea. 


Barricade (1939 movie)

Barricade is a 1939 American adventure movie. It was directed by Gregory Ratoff. The movie stars Alice Faye, Warner Baxter, Charles Winninger, Arthur Treacher, Keye Luke, Doris Lloyd. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Crease (cricket)

In cricket, the creases are lines on the field that separate different areas of the field from each other. There are two popping creases (which are the main creases), return creases, and two bowling creases.

The two popping creases extend across the field, and are 58 feet (about 20 meters) away from each other in the center of the field. They are the edges of the area between the two batsmen's grounds. 

The return creases define which parts of the field the bowler may bowl legal deliveries from; a no-ball is called when the bowler's back foot touches or goes over a return crease before he has released the ball.

Second Fiddle (1939 movie)

Second Fiddle is a 1939 American musical movie directed by Sidney Lanfield and starring Sonja Henie, Tyrone Power, Rudy Vallée, Edna May Oliver, Lyle Talbot, Irving Bacon. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1940.

Erland Brand

Erland Peter Brand (5 October 1922 – 17 October 2020) was a Swedish painter, draftsman and printmaker. Brand was born in Arvika. He worked at the Valand Art School for three years. 

Many of his works were seen in Stockholm in 1958, Prince Eugene's Waldemarsudde 1985/86, Gothenburg Art Museum 1995 Rackstadmuseet, Arvika 1999 at Moderna Museet, Stockholm 2000. 

His career began in 1948. He was married to Inga Brorson from 1954 until his death.

Brand died on 17 October 2020 in Gothenburg at the age of 98.

Inga Brand

Inga Lilian Marianne Brand (born 7 January 1929) is a Swedish textile artist and painter. She was born in Gothenburg. From 1965 to 1973, Brorson worked at School of Design and Crafts. Many of her works were seen at Nationalmuseum and at Gothenburg Museum of Art.

Brorson was married to artist Erland Brand from 1954 until his death in 2020.

David Scondras

David Scondras (January 5, 1946 – October 21, 2020) was an American politician. He was a member of the Boston City Council of District 8 seat from 1984 through 1993. He was one of a few members of the Democratic Socialists of America to be elected to public office. He was born in Lowell, Massachusetts.

Scondras died on October 21, 2020 in Boston, Massachusetts at the age of 74.

Frits Niessen

Godefridus Adrianus Quirinus "Frits" Niessen (16 September 1936 – 23 October 2020) was a Dutch teacher and politician. He was in the House of Representatives for the Labour Party between 1977 and 1978 and once more from 1980 to 1994.

Niesden was born in Raamsdonk and died in Raamsdonksveer (both in the municipality of Geertruidenberg) at the age of 84.


Angelika Amon

Angelika Amon, PhD (January 10, 1967 – October 29, 2020) was an Austrian-American molecular and cell biologist. She was the Kathleen and Curtis Marble Professor in Cancer Research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) in Cambridge, Massachusetts, United States.

Amon's research focused on how chromosomes are regulated and repeated in the cell cycle. Amon was elected to the American Academy of Arts and Sciences in 2017.

Amon died of ovarian cancer on October 29, 2020 in Cambridge at the age of 53.


Valentin Pokrovsky

Valentin Ivanovich Pokrovsky (; 1 April 1929 – 29 October 2020) was a Russian medical scientist, epidemiologist and infectionist. He was President of the Russian Academy of Medical Sciences from 1987 to 2006. He was an Academician of the Russian Academy of Sciences from 2013 until his death. 

He also was Director of the Central Research Institute of Epidemiology under the Ministry of Healthcare of the Russian Federation and Professor at the I.M. Sechenov First Moscow State Medical University, Doctor of Medical Sciences (Dsc).

Pokrovsky died on 29 October 2020 at the age of 91.

Alexander Vedernikov

Alexander Alexandrovich Vedernikov (; 11 January 1964 – 29 October 2020) was a Russian conductor. He was music director of the Bolshoi Theatre from 2001 to 2009. He was the Odense Symphony Orchestra from 2009 to 2018, then of the Royal Danish Opera and from 2019 also of the Mikhailovsky Theatre in Saint Petersburg. He was born in Moscow.

Vedernikov died in Moscow on 29 October 2020 from COVID-19, aged 56.

New Love (Dua Lipa song)

"New Love" is the debut single by English singer Dua Lipa. It was included on the deluxe edition of her 2017 self-titled debut studio album. It was written by Lipa and its producers Emile Haynie and Andrew Wyatt. The song is about the singer's struggle to find her place in the music industry. The song is a soul-tinged, synth-pop ballad with R&B inflections. The song has a stomping, tribal drum beat throughout.


Jan Myrdal

Jan Myrdal (19 July 1927 – 30 October 2020) was a Swedish author. He was born in Stockholm.

His best known works were "Report from a Chinese Village" (1963), "Confessions of a Disloyal European" (1968), "Angkor: An Essay on Art and Imperialism" (1970), "Albania Defiant" (1970), "Carpets from China, Xinjiang & Tibet" (1979), "India Waits" (1980), "Return to a Chinese Village" (1984), "Childhood" (1991), "Twelve Going on Thirteen" (2010) and "Red Star Over India: As the Wretched of the Earth are Rising" (2014).

Many of his works were about 19th Century French caricature, Afghanistan, Balzac, wartime propaganda posters, the Indian Naxalites, wine, Meccano, sex, death, and Strindberg.

Myrdal was a Marxist and supported Leninism and Maoism and other forms of third worldist and anti-Soviet Communism, including Hoxhaism (see "Albania Defiant"). He supported anti-colonialist and anti-imperialist causes.

Myrdal died on 30 October 2020 in Varberg, Sweden from sepsis-related problems at the age of 93.

Žarko Knežević

Žarko Knežević (Serbian Cyrillic: Жарко Кнежевић; 17 July 1947 – 30 October 2020) was a Yugoslav basketball player. He played at the Center position. Knežević played for the Yugoslav national team from 1971 to 1974. He played for Fenerbahçe at the 1978-79 season. He was born in Mojanovići, Montenegro.

Knežević died on 30 October 2020 in Belgrade, Serbia at the age of 73.


Ricardo Blume

Ricardo Cristóbal Blume Traverse (August 16, 1933 – October 30, 2020) was a Peruvian-Mexican actor and theatre director. He was born in Lima, Peru. He was best known for his roles in "Intimidad de los parques" (1965), "All of Them Witches" (1996) and in "Fuera del cielo" (2007).

Blume died on 30 October 2020 at a Mexico City hospital from pneumonia caused by Parkinson's disease, aged 87.

Kim Nam-chun

Kim Nam-chun (; 19 April 1989 – 30 October 2020) was a South Korean footballer who played as a defender. He was born in Incheon, South Korea. His debut club goal for FC Seoul was against Ulsan Hyundai in K League Classic on October 9, 2014.

On 30 October 2020, Kim killed himself at his Seoul apartment, aged 31.

Herb Adderley

Herbert Anthony Adderley (June 8, 1939 – October 30, 2020) was an American professional football player who was a cornerback for the Green Bay Packers and the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League (NFL). His career lasted from 1961 to 1972.

In 1980, he was honored in the Pro Football Hall of Fame. He was born in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania.

Adderley died on October 30, 2020 at the age of 81.

New Rules

"New Rules" is a song by English singer Dua Lipa. It was recorded for her self-titled debut studio album (2017). The track was written and produced by Ian Kirkpatrick. It was additionally written by Caroline Ailin and Emily Warren. It was released on 15 July 2017 as the album's seventh single for contemporary hit radio in the United Kingdom. It was released in the United States on August 22 in the same format.


Józef Zawitkowski

Józef Zawitkowski (23 November 1938 – 29 October 2020) was a Polish Roman Catholic bishop. He became a priest in 1962. He was titular bishop of "Ausana" and auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese of Warsaw, Poland, from 1990 to 1992 and as auxiliary bishop of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Łowicz, Poland, from 1992 to 2013.

Zawitkowski died on 29 October 2020 in Warsaw at the age of 81.

Eternally Yours (movie)

Eternally Yours is a 1939 American comedy drama movie directed by Tay Garnett and starring Loretta Young, David Niven, Broderick Crawford, Billie Burke, Eve Arden, C. Aubrey Smith, Ralph Graves. It was distributed by United Artists and was nominated for an Academy Awards in 1940.


2020 Aegean Sea earthquake

The 2020 Aegean Sea earthquake was a magnitude 7.0 earthquake. It struck in the Aegean Sea on 30 October 2020, about northeast of the island of Samos, Greece. 

The earthquake damaged many buildings; some collapsed. In the Turkish city İzmir, dozens of buildings were either damaged or collapsed. 

In Greece, two people were killed, with 19 others sustaining minor injuries. In Turkey, 117 people were killed and 1034 others injured.

A tsunami later hit the islands of Ikaria, Kos, Chios and Samos. It also hit İzmir where it killed one person.

Typhoon Molave

Typhoon Molave, known in the Philippines as Typhoon Quinta, was a powerful typhoon that impacted the Philippines and later Vietnam in October 2020, becoming the strongest to strike Vietnam since Typhoon Damrey in 2017.

The eighteenth named storm and eighth typhoon of the 2020 Pacific typhoon season, Molave started from a tropical depression that formed on October 23 east of Palau. 

At 15:00 UTC the next day, the depression was upgraded into Tropical Storm Molave as it moved northwestward. Molave soon became a typhoon on October 25 as it turned west, shortly before making landfall on the San Miguel Island in Albay, with another in Malinao, San Andres, Torrijos and Pola.

After striking the Philippines, Molave entered the South China Sea and began to become more violent. Molave strengthened into a powerful Category 3 typhoon later that day, before weakening again as it approached Vietnam. The typhoon struck Vietnam on October 28, before rapidly weakening as it headed further into Indochina.

Icaria

Icaria, also spelled Ikaria (), is a Greek island in the Aegean Sea, 10 nautical miles (19 km) southwest of Samos. The island is named after Icarus, the son of Daedalus in Greek mythology. The historic capitals of the island include Oenoe and Evdilos.
The island is also known for it’s life expectancy.

2020–2021 women's strike protests in Poland

The October 2020 Polish protests began in Poland on 22 October 2020 over the rulings of the Constitutional Tribunal illegalizing abortions. The country banned abortions even if there are cases of severe disability or incurable and life-threatening disease of the unborn child. 

Mass protests began shortly after the rulings the afternoon of the same day. It is the biggest protest in the country since the fall of communism in 1989.

Borys Budka

Borys Piotr Budka (born 11 March 1978) is a Polish politician. He was elected a member of Sejm in 2011. 

He was Minister of Justice in 2015. He was vice-president of the Civic Platform political party in the 2016 to 2020 period, and leader of the parliamentary political group of Civic Coalition since 2019. 

In 2020, he was elected leader of the Civic Platform.

Litoria mucro

Litoria mucro is a frog from New Guinea. Scientists saw it in the Torricelli Mountains in Papua New Guinea and in Cenderawash Bay in Indonesia.

Scientists say this frog is related to "Litoria nigropunctata".

The Untouchables (movie)

The Untouchables is a 1987 American crime movie directed by Brian De Palma, produced by Art Linson, written by David Mamet, and based on the book of the same name (1957).

It is about Eliot Ness (Costner) as he creates the Untouchables team to bring Al Capone (De Niro) to justice during Prohibition.

The Grammy Award–nominated score was composed by Ennio Morricone.

"The Untouchables" was released on June 3, 1987 in the United States. The movie made $106.2 million worldwide and had strong positive reviews from critics. It was nominated for four Academy Awards; Connery won the Academy Award for Best Supporting Actor.


The Hunt for Red October (movie)

The Hunt for Red October is a 1990 American submarine spy-thriller movie. 

It was directed by John McTiernan, produced by Mace Neufeld, and starred Sean Connery, Alec Baldwin, Scott Glenn, James Earl Jones, and Sam Neill. 

The film is based on Tom Clancy's 1984 bestselling novel of the same name. It is the first part of the movie series with the protagonist Jack Ryan.

John McTiernan

John Campbell McTiernan Jr. (born January 8, 1951) is an American movie director, producer and screenwriter. He is best known for his action movies, especially "Predator" (1987), "Die Hard" (1988), and "The Hunt for Red October" (1990).

Basil Poledouris

Basil Konstantine Poledouris (; August 21, 1945 – November 8, 2006) was an Emmy Award-winning American composer, conductor, and orchestrator. He was born in Kansas City, Missouri.

Poledouris was best known for his works on "Conan the Barbarian" (1982), "Red Dawn" (1984), "Iron Eagle" (1986), "RoboCop" (1987), "The Hunt for Red October" (1990), "Free Willy" (1993), "Starship Troopers" (1997) and "Les Miserables" (1998).

Poledouris died of lung cancer on November 8, 2006 in Los Angeles at the age of 61.

Poledouris stated composers like Elmer Bernstein, Maurice Jarre, Jerry Goldsmith, Ennio Morricone, John Williams, Trevor Jones, Lalo Schifrin, John Barry, Randy Newman and Georges Delerue as influences.

Helmut Bakaitis

Helmut Bakaitis (born 26 September 1944) is a German-born Australian director, actor and screenwriter. He is known for his role as The Architect in "The Matrix" movie series. Bakaitis was born in Lauban, Lower Silesia, Germany (now Lubań, Poland). Bakaitis started teaching directing at Australian Academy of Dramatic Art (AADA).

Charles Martin Smith

Charles Martin Smith (born October 30, 1953) is an American actor, writer, and director. He is known for his roles in "American Graffiti" (1973), "The Buddy Holly Story" (1978), "Never Cry Wolf" (1983), "Starman" (1984), "The Untouchables" (1987), "Deep Cover" (1992), "And the Band Played On" (1993), "Speechless" (1994) and "Deep Impact" (1998). and for directing the films Air Bud (1997), Dolphin Tale (2011), and writing and directing the films The Snow Walker (2003), Stone of Destiny (2008) and Dolphin Tale 2 (2014). He was also the director of the first episode of the TV series Buffy the Vampire Slayer (1997), as well as many mini-series and episodic shows.

Eliot Ness

Eliot Ness (April 19, 1903 – May 16, 1957) was an American Prohibition agent. He was famous for his roles to bring down Al Capone and push Prohibition laws in Chicago, Illinois. He was the leader of a famous team of law enforcement agents from Chicago, nicknamed The Untouchables. 

He unsuccessfully ran for Mayor of Cleveland, Ohio in 1947 as a Republican.

Ness was also Safety Director at the time of several grisly murders that occurred in the Cleveland area from 1935 to 1938. At one point in time, two bodies of the victims of the serial killer were placed within view of his office window. 

Génération identitaire

Génération identitaire is a far-right identitarian political movement. They have also been described as white nationalist, neo-fascist and islamophobic. On February 14th, 2023, the Global Project Against Hate and Extremism (GPAHE) released a report in which it classified Génération identitaire as a "white nationalist," "anti-muslim," and "anti-immigrant" group. Although some of its members have been subject to judicial sanctions, the movement has never been condemed as such. The movement was formed in France in 2012, from earlier groups going back to about 2002.

In March 2021, the French council of ministers dissolved the movement.

Gotham Girls

Gotham Girls is an American web cartoon featuring Catwoman, Harley Quinn, Poison Ivy and Batgirl. It is based on "". It aired online from 2000 to 2002.


Jennifer Hale

Jennifer Hale (born January 30, 1972) is an American voice actress. She is best known for voicing Sam from Totally Spies!, Commander Shepard from "Mass Effect", Samus Aran from "Metroid Prime" and Ms. Keane from "The Powerpuff Girls" franchise, Dexter's Lab, DC and Marvel projects, Nickelodeon shows like, Rugrats, Fairly OddParents, Rocket Power, T.U.F.F. Puppy, Bunsen Is a Beast, Avatar franchise, Barnyard. several other video games and cartoons.


Jeff Zucker

Jeffrey Adam Zucker (born April 9, 1965) is an American media executive. He was president and CEO of NBCUniversal. Zucker was an executive in residence at Columbia Business School.

In November 2012, Zucker was picked to take over as the president of CNN Worldwide in January 2013 after Jim Walton's tenure.

Maria Bakalova

Maria Bakalova (; born 4 June 1996) is a Bulgarian actress. She became well known for her role as Tutar Sagdiyev in the 2020 mockumentary "Borat Subsequent Moviefilm".

For her role as Sagdiyev, she was nominated for an Academy, Golden Globe and Screen Actors Guild Award.

Sittard-Geleen

Sittard-Geleen is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 92,661 people lived there.

It was created on 1 January 2001 from the former municipalities of Born, Geleen and Sittard.

Vaals

Vaals is a municipality in the Dutch province of Limburg. In 2019, 10,092 people lived there.It is located on the border with Germany, Aachen is about away.

Robert Wells (Canadian politician)

Robert Wells (August 28, 1933October 28, 2020) was a Canadian lawyer and politician. He represented St. John's South from 1972 to 1975 and Kilbride from 1975 to 1979 in the Newfoundland House of Assembly. He sat on the Supreme Court of Newfoundland and Labrador from 1986 to 2008. 

Wells was born in Badger's Quay, Newfoundland and Labrador. He was a member of the Progressive Conservative Party. Wells died on October 28, 2020 at a hospital in St. John's, Newfoundland and Labrador. He was 87.

Carrie Johnson

Caroline Louise Bevan Johnson (née Symonds; born 17 March 1988) is a British political activist and conservationist. She is the wife of former Prime Minister of the United Kingdom, Boris Johnson. She was the first unmarried partner of a Prime Minister to live in 10 Downing Street when she was engaged to Johnson until 2021.

Caroline Louise Bevan Symonds was born on 17 March 1988 to Matthew Symonds, co-founder of "The Independent".

Before her marriage to the Prime Minister, she was a political and climate activist. She was a Conservative Party media official. She is a senior advisor to the ocean conservation charity Oceana.

She began an affair with British politician Boris Johnson, then Foreign Secretary, in 2018 while he was still married to his second wife, Marina Wheeler. In July 2019, Johnson became prime minister and both he and Symonds officially moved into the flat above 11 Downing Street. On 16 August 2019, she made her first public appearance since entering 10 Downing Street.

On 29 February 2020, Symonds and Boris Johnson announced that they had become engaged in late 2019. Their son, Wilfred Lawrie Nicholas Johnson, was born on 29 April 2020 in London. Symonds married Boris Johnson on 29 May 2021 in a secret ceremony. Their daughter, Romy Iris Charlotte Johnson, was born on 9 December 2021 in London.

Phantom of Heilbronn

Phantom of Heilbronn, or ""Woman Without a Face"" is the name of a suspected female serial killer. The killer is only known from DNA evidence. This evidence was present at different crime scenes in Austria, France, and Germany. The crimes were committed (or happened) between 1993 and 2009. Six of the crimes were murders. One of the murders was that of Michèle Kieswetter, a police officer. She was killed in Heilbronn on 25 April 2007.

The DNA had been found in 40 different crime scenes. There were many types of crimes committed - from burglaries to killings. In late March 2009, investigators concluded that the "Phantom" criminal did not exist. The DNA recovered at the crime scenes had already been present on the cotton swabs used for collecting DNA samples. The DNA belonged to a woman who worked at the factory where they were made.

The events were fictionalized in different serial episodes. 

An analysis of the mitochondrial DNA from the samples collected in Austria showed that it was most often found among people in Eastern Europe and neighboring Russia. This was not discovered in the German investigations. The analysis of mitochondrial DNA done in criminal proceedings is limited. The analysis could only determine a few other personal attributes of a suspect apart from sex. The killer existence was disputed, but is now said to be untrue.

The investigations focused on a special task force "parking lot" at the Heilbronn police department. In January 2009, the reward for clues regarding the whereabouts of the person was increased to €300,000.

The existence of the "Phantom" had been doubted earlier, but in March 2009, the case took a new turn. Investigators discovered the DNA profile on the burned body of a male asylum-seeker in France. This was an anomaly, since the profile was of a female. They subsequently came to the conclusion that the mysterious criminal did not exist. They found that the laboratory results were the due to the cotton buds used for DNA collection being contaminated. Although sterile, the swabs are not certified for human DNA collection.

The cotton swabs used by many state police departments were found to have been contaminated before shipping. It was found that the contaminated swabs all came from the same factory, which employs several Eastern European women who fit the type the DNA was assumed to match. Bavaria, although a region central to the crimes, obtained their swabs from a different factory. They had no reports of crimes committed by the Phantom.

The DNA attributed to the "Phantom" was found at the scene, as well as purportedly at the sites of the following crimes:


As a consequence of this severe case of contamination with human DNA in a series of forensic investigations, the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) published the standard ISO 18385 in 2016. ISO 18385 defines the requirements for producing consumables free of human DNA contamination for collecting biological evidence at crime scenes. The requirement reads: "Minimizing the risk of human DNA contamination in products used to collect, store and analyse biological material for forensic purposes".


Ezio Auditore da Firenze

Ezio Auditore da Firenze is a playable character of the "Assassin's Creed" franchise. He is voiced by Roger Craig Smith. He is an ancestor to both Desmond Miles and Clay Kaczmarek.

Ezio Auditore was born at Florence in June 4th, 1459. As a young adult, he became an assassin.

Abe (Oddworld)

Abe is the main character of the "Oddworld" video game franchise, created and voiced by Lorne Lanning. He is a Mudokon slave who helped free his people from the Glukkons.

Abe was born to a tribe of Mudokons and became a slave at RuptureFarms, a meat processing plant owned by the Glukkons.

Reptile (Mortal Kombat)

Reptile is a fictional character in the "Mortal Kombat" games for video game consoles. He first appeared as a secret character for the first game released in 1992 before he became fully playable in the next game.

He was portrayed in games by Steve Blum.

Shao Kahn

Shao Kahn is a fictional character in the "Mortal Kombat" games for video game consoles. He first appeared as the main antagonist of "Mortal Kombat II" (1993).

He was portrayed in games by Bob Carter and Ike Amadi. He was voiced by Frank Welker in the 1995 movie.

Shang Tsung

Shang Tsung is a fictional character in the "Mortal Kombat" games for video game consoles. He first appeared as the main antagonist of "Mortal Kombat" (1992).

He was portrayed in games by Cary-Hiroyuki Tagawa.

Racism in Thailand

Racism in Thailand is a system where Thailand's society treats people better or worse depending on their appearance (like skin color, hair, and face) as well as where they are from. Racism is a system that exists around the world, but because every country is different, the system may work differently in different places. Some parts of racism in Thailand are taken from other countries, but other parts are unique.

Much of Southeast Asia has a long history of assuming people with darker skin have dark skin because they work outdoors farming and are poor. These assumptions are often wrong, but they are used to justify treating light-skinned people better and dark-skinned people worse. As a result, many people in Thailand have tried to make their skin whiter. Today, major companies like Unilever make a lot of money in Thailand selling products that make skin whiter.

Thailand also has a history of slavery. The Maniq (or Mani) people of Thailand are an indigenous people with dark skin who have been enslaved by monarchs from Malaysia and Thailand. People often refer to them using offensive slurs that mean "slave" in a practice similar to slavery in the United States.

The Black Lives Matter movement caused people to share experiences with racism around the world. One student wrote an article in a major newspaper saying that Thai people who believe there is no racism there are wrong. Another newspaper interviewed a priest who came to Thailand from the United States and was treated badly; the police assumed he was a drug dealer from Africa. Assumptions that black people are from Africa, are violent, and are very involved with drugs has been spread around the world by white people from places like the United States and Europe.

One Thai vlogger, Natthawadee 'Suzie' Waikalo, has frequently discussed how racism impacted her growing up. In September 2020, a model in Thailand was called African and many racial slurs after she won a beauty pageant, because some people did not think her skin was light enough and she supported protests that are happening in the country.

Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2

Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2, known in Japan as Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters GX Tag Force 2 (遊☆戯☆王デュエルモンスターズGX タッグフォース), is a game based on the Yu-Gi-Oh! Animated series, developed by Konami and released for PlayStation Portable in September 2007. It's the second game in the Yu-Gi-Oh Tag Force series, except sequel to ""..

Early in the game, after create a profile, the player will choose a duelist (main characters of the Yu-Gi-Oh! GX animation) to be his/her partner. The player must build a deck between 40 and 60 cards in order to duel. The game include over 2800 cards.

The player has the option of dueling solo, tag or just watching his partner. As the player wins duels, the partner's heart level increases.

In Tag mode, the player duels with a partner. The basic rules are the same as for single duels, both share life points, field and graveyard. The turn changes alternatively between players. Tag duels could not be done in the online battle.

The player can also play minigames. There are a total of six minigames on the map. Minigames help to increase the partner's heart.

It is a system used to unlock rare cards through other games in the Tag Force series. New cards can be got depending on the game title used in UMD recognition. In addition, at recognizing the past Tag Force games, will be unlock three special cards called "Slifer the Sky Dragon", "Obelisk the Tormentor", and "The Winged Dragon of Ra". Also will be available hidden packs for purchase.

In general, the game received mixed reviews. In Metacritic, reached an average score of 60, based on 7 reviews. Sam Bishop, from IGN, disapproved the non-support to online multiplayer and also the difficulty for beginners. Jeff Gedgaud, from Game Chronicles, wrote: "Yu-Gi-Oh! GX Tag Force 2 is a game for the seasoned Yu-Gi-Oh! player and not for the faint of heart."

In a positive analysis, Salehuddin Husin, from GameAxis, cited some improvements, compared to the first game in the series, more animations and flashier graphics, rated 7.5.

Horacio Serpa

Horacio Serpa Uribe (January 4, 1943 – October 31, 2020) was an Colombian politician. He was governor of Santander between January 2008 to December 2011 and candidate in the 1998, 2002, and 2006 presidential elections. He also served in the Senate of Colombia from 2014 to 2018.

Serpa died on 31 October 2020 in Bucaramanga from colon and pancreatic cancer at the age of 77.

Good luck charm

A good luck charm is a thing that the person thinks will bring them good luck. It can be a rabbit's foot, a necklace or other jewelry, or even a rock or coin.

David Shutt, Baron Shutt of Greetland

David Trevor Shutt, Baron Shutt of Greetland, (16 March 1942 – 30 October 2020) was a British Liberal Democrat politician. He was Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard and Deputy Chief Whip in the House of Lords between May 2010 and May 2012.

Lord Shutt died on 30 October 2020, at the age of 78.

Archie Spigner

Archie Spigner (August 27, 1928 – October 29, 2020) was an African-American Democratic politician. He was in the New York City Council from 1974 to 2001. He was born in Orangeburg, South Carolina.

Spigner died on October 29, 2020, in New York City at age 92.

Najmiddin Karim

Najmiddin Karim (; 1949 – 31 October 2020), also known as Najmaldin Karim, was an Iraqi Kurdish politician. He was governor of Kirkuk Governorate from 2011 to 2017. He was born in Kirkuk, Iraq. He left Iraq in 1975. He later completed neurosurgery training at George Washington University, and started his own medical practice in Washington, D.C. He helped to start the Kurdish National Congress of North America, and the Washington Kurdish Institute. He was often on the news. He returned to Kirkuk in 2009.

Karim died on 31 October 2020 at a hospital in Washington, D.C. at the age of 71.

Alexander De Croo

Alexander De Croo (born 3 November 1975) is a Belgian politician and businessman. He was the Prime Minister of Belgium since October 2020.

From 2012 to 2020, De Croo worked in the governments of Elio Di Rupo, Charles Michel, and Sophie Wilmès as a deputy prime minister of Belgium.

During his tenure as deputy prime minister he was the Minister of Pensions from 2012 to 2014, as Minister of Development Cooperation from 2014 to 2020, and as Minister of Finance from 2018 to 2020.

On 1 October 2020, over a year after the 2019 federal elections, the De Croo Government was formed to replace Wilmès' minority government, with De Croo as Prime Minister.

Arturo Lona Reyes

Arturo Lona Reyes (November 1, 1925 – October 31, 2020) was a Mexican bishop. He was the Catholic bishop. He was born in Tehuantepec, Oaxaca. For 30 years, he was the Bishop of Tehuantepec from 1971 to 2001.

Reyes died of COVID-19 on October 31, 2020 in Tehuantepec, one day before his 95th birthday.

Rudolf Zahradník

Rudolf Zahradník (October 20, 1928 – October 31, 2020) was a Czech chemist. He was born in Bratislava, then Czechoslovakia, now Slovakia. He studied the relationship between theoretical and experimental characteristics. From 1993 to 2001 he was president of the Czech Academy of Sciences and in 1994 became founding chairman of the Learned Society of the Czech Republic.

Zahradník died October 31, 2020 in Prague at the age of 92.

Marius Žaliūkas

Marius Žaliūkas (10 November 1983 – 31 October 2020) was a Lithuanian professional footballer. He played as a centre back, but also played as a defensive midfielder.

Žaliūkas played for Inkaras Kaunas, FBK Kaunas, FK Šilutė, Hearts, Leeds United, Rangers and Žalgiris throughout his career, as well as the Lithuania national side.

In 2018 Žaliūkas was diagnosed with motor neurone disease. On 31 October 2020, Žaliūkas died in Kaunas at the age of 36. 


The Crown (TV series)

The Crown is a historical drama television series about the reign of Queen Elizabeth II, created and principally written by Peter Morgan, and produced by Left Bank Pictures and Sony Pictures Television for Netflix.

"The Crown" focuses on the life of Queen Elizabeth II. It begins at her wedding with Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh. 



Tobias Menzies

Hanan Tobias Simpson Menzies (born 7 March 1974) is an English actor. He is best known for playing Frank and Jonathan "Black Jack" Randall in STARZ's "Outlander". He also starred as Edmure Tully in HBO's "Game of Thrones". Menzies also portrayed Prince Philip, Duke of Edinburgh in the third and fourth seasons of Netflix's series "The Crown".

Vanessa Kirby

Vanessa Nuala Kirby (born 18 April 1988) is an English actress. For her role as Princess Margaret in the Netflix historical drama series "The Crown" (2016–2017), she won the British Academy Television Award for Best Supporting Actress .

She is also known for her roles in the .

Manana Shalikashvili

Manana Shalikashvili (born 5 July, 1959, Tsilkani, Georgian SSR, USSR) is a Georgian composer, writer and singer. She formed the ensemble "Nanina", which successfully performs at various concerts. In 2018 she received the title of laureate and bronze medal in the competition of Georgian children and youth collectives, presented the school team in the category C-2; In 2019, she received a diploma in the folk category in the V National Competition of Georgian Children and Youth Collectives. In the same year, the third collection of his poems was published - "Ray of Hope". She has published two collections of songs: "Everything Starts with Missing" and "Pop Songs" - edited by Kakha Tsabadze. She is member of writers union of Georgia.


Mediterranean diet

The Mediterranean diet is a way of eating. The Mediterranean diet is not only food. It is also the skills and traditions people use to make it, for example farming, fishing, and cooking. It is also the traditions and culture about food and meals.

In the second half of the 20th century, people far from the Mediterranean Sea began to eat a Mediterranean diet to become healthier. In 2019, "U.S. News and World Report" named the Mediterranean diet "Best Overall Diet." 

A scientist named Ancel Keys started studying the Mediterranean diet in the 1950s. He saw that people in poor Italian villages were healthier than people in New York.

In 2013, the United Nations declared the Mediterranean diet intangible cultural heritage from Cyprus, Croatia, Spain, Greece, Italy, Morocco and Portugal.

The diet is based on what peasants, people who worked on farms, in countries around the Mediterranean Sea would eat during the Middle Ages and later, for example, Italian farm workers. They ate a lot of olive oil, beans, and whichever fresh vegetables were growing at that time of year. Meat was expensive, so it was not the main part of the meal. The Mediterranean diet does have foods from North and South America, for example tomatoes.

Scientists saw that people who ate a Mediterranean diet had less anxiety and depression. People with type 1 diabetes who ate Mediterranean diet had healthier lives and were less likely to get Crohn's disease.

Professional diet scientists and experts say that the Mediterranean diet can be expensive. A tomato does not cost much money to someone who lives next to a tomato farm and is buying it when it is ripe. It costs more when it is put on an airplane and flown to the middle of a North American city and stored until winter. Other studies show that a Mediterranean diet is not much more expensive than a North American diet.

Many people think they are eating a Mediterranean diet when they eat pizza, pasta or other foods that are not part of the Mediterranean diet.

Barfi!

Barfi! is a 2012 Indian Hindi-language romantic comedy film written and directed by Anurag Basu, edited by Akiv Ali and produced by Ronnie Screwwala and Siddharth Roy Kapur under the banner of UTV Motion Pictures. The film stars Ranbir Kapoor as the eponymous lead with Priyanka Chopra and Ileana D'Cruz, while Saurabh Shukla, Ashish Vidyarthi, Jisshu Sengupta, Roopa Ganguly and Haradhan Bandopadhyay star in pivotal roles. Set in 1970s Darjeeling and Kolkata, the film is about Barfi (Kapoor), a deaf-mute young man based in Darjeeling, and his relationships with two lovely girls, the beautiful Shruti (D'Cruz), and the autistic Jhilmil (Chopra).

Murphy Johnson (Ranbir Kapoor), also known as Barfi, is an optimistic, street-wise, charming young man born deaf and mute to a lower middle-class Nepali family in Darjeeling. His mother died while giving birth to him and his father, Jungbahadur, (Akash Khurana) raised him as a single parent while working as a chauffeur. Barfi is known to be a troublemaker - he cuts lampposts, plays practical jokes on innocent people, and is often pursued comically by Inspector Sudhanshu Dutta (Saurabh Shukla), a local police officer. Barfi meets Shruti Ghosh (Ileana D'Cruz), a gorgeous, educated young girl, who is new in Darjeeling. She is engaged to a rich man, Ranjeet Sengupta (Jisshu Sengupta), and is due to get married in three months. Barfi is smitten by her heavenly beauty and tries to woo her. Shruti also falls in love with Barfi, but her mother (Roopa Ganguly) dissuades her from pursuing him, pointing out that he could not take care of her with his disabilities and lack of money. Shruti unwillingly agrees to her mother's advice, gets married to Ranjeet, and leaves the town, breaking all contact with Barfi.

Shortly after Shruti's departure, Jungbahadur loses his job as a chauffeur and suffers from kidney failure, compelling Barfi to somehow raise ₹7000 for his hospital treatment. After an unsuccessful attempt of robbing a local bank due to Inspector Dutta's intervention, Barfi contemplates the kidnapping of Jhilmil Chatterjee (Priyanka Chopra), his autistic childhood friend and wealthy heiress of her late grandfather's fortune, for a ransom. Upon arriving, Barfi finds out that she has already been kidnapped from her house and spots her in an unattended van. He sneaks in and drives Jhilmil away from the ransom delivery. Barfi proceeds to hide her in his apartment with the police in pursuit and delivers a ransom note pasted with words in newspaper cut-outs to Jhilmil's wealthy father, Durjoy Chatterjee (Ashish Vidyarthi). Although Barfi is able to collect the ransom from Jhilmil's father, he is aghast to discover that Jungbahadur has died just as he makes the hospital payment. Dejected, Barfi tries to leave Jhilmil at her caretaker's village, but she refuses to leave him and the two soon move to Kolkata, where Barfi assumes responsibility for Jhilmil and strives hard to take care of her.

Six years later, Barfi and Shruti reunite by fate in a street-side utensil shop. Shruti is unhappy with her marriage with Ranjeet and tries to rekindle her friendship with Barfi, much to chagrin of the lovestruck Jhilmil, who then goes missing in the city. Shruti files a missing complaint for Jhilmil and Inspector Dutta, causing the Darjeeling police to resume their pursuit of Barfi and arrest him. During the process of interrogation, another ransom demand for Jhilmil is made and she is apparently killed in the process of exchange, though her dead body is never discovered. In order to conclude the case, the police decide to frame Barfi for Jhilmil's murder. Inspector Dutta, who grew fond of Barfi after pursuing him for his nuisances, asks Shruti to take him away, offering him a second chance in life. Shruti agrees and hopes that since now Jhilmil is gone, she can finally be with Barfi.

However, Barfi is deeply affected by Jhilmil's loss and finds living with Shruti unfulfilling. Eventually, he stumbles upon Jhilmil's special-care home address on the scribbles that she had made in their house. Barfi takes Shruti to the location to search for her and the two learn that Jhilmil has been alive all along, and that both the kidnappings were fabricated by her father so that he could embezzle money from Jhilmil's trust fund. In the second attempt, the second time, Jhilmil's father and the special-care home owner, Daju (Haradhan Bandopadhyay), together faked her death, so that Jhilmil could return to her special-care home, away from her alcoholic mother (Preeti Mamgain). Barfi and Jhilmil have a happy reunion at the special-care home and the two are married, while Shruti spends the rest of her days alone, prosperous, having lost her chance to be with Barfi.

Several years later, an elderly Barfi is shown to be seriously ill and on his deathbed at the hospital. Jhilmil lies with him on the hospital bed, while Shruti narrates how they both died peacefully, not wanting to leave each other behind in life or death. The film ends with the happy days of Barfi and Jhilmil in their old age at the special-care home and the credits roll.


The movie was made on a budget of around . "Barfi!" was released worldwide on 14 September 2012. The movie was successful at the box office. The movie became one of the highest-earning Bollywood films of 2012 in India and abroad. The movie earned over worldwide.

The movie was selected as the official entry of India for Best Foreign Language Film nomination for the 85th Academy Awards. "Barfi" won many awards and nominations at different award ceremonies all over India. At the 58th Filmfare Awards, the movie received thirteen nominations which includes Best Actress for Chopra, and Best Supporting Actress for D'Cruz. The movie won seven awards which includes Best Film, Best Actor for Kapoor, Best Female Debut for D'Cruz, and Best Music Director for Pritam.

The music and background music of the movie is composed by Pritam Chakraborty. The lyrics were written by Swanand Kirkire, Ashish Pandit, Neelesh Misra and Sayeed Quadri. The soundtrack album contains six original songs which were released on 9 August 2012. The soundtrack was influenced by Brazilian music Bossa nova. Priyanka Chopra was supposed to sing a track for the movie, but her contract with Universal Music prevented her from taking the offer. The soundtrack album also includes a song titled "Fatafati" which was sung by Pritam Chakraborty, Arijit Singh and Nakash Aziz. It was not used in the film, but the song was released as a promotional single on YouTube on 10 September 2012. It was released with a video that contains some behind-the-scenes footage. The additional vocals were sung by Ranbir Kapoor. The song also has some Bengali lyrics which were written by Amitabh Bhattacharya.


Santa Catarina (island)

Santa Catarina is an island in the Atlantic Ocean, off the coast of Brazil. It is about north to south, and up to wide (east-west). The whole island is part of the city of Florianópolis. The city covers part of the island.

Emancipation reform of 1861

The Emancipation Reform of 1861 in Russia, also known as the Emancipation Edict of Russia, ( – "peasants' reform of 1861") was the first and most important of the liberal reforms passed during the reign (1855–1881) of Emperor Alexander II of Russia. The reform effectively abolished serfdom throughout the Russian Empire.

The 1861 Emancipation Manifesto proclaimed the emancipation of the serfs on private estates and of the domestic (household) serfs. By this edict more than 23 million people received their liberty. Serfs gained the full rights of free citizens, including rights to marry without having to gain consent, to own property and to own a business. The Manifesto prescribed that peasants would be able to buy the land from the landlords. Household serfs were the least affected: they gained only their freedom and no land.

In Georgia the emancipation took place later, in 1864, and on much better terms for the nobles than in Russia. The serfs were emancipated in 1861, after a speech given by Tsar Alexander II on 30 March 1856. State owned serfs, i.e., those living on Imperial lands, were emancipated later, in 1866.

Sky Cinema

Sky Cinema, formerly Sky Movies, is a group of British pay television movie television channels owned by Sky, a part of Comcast. It is broadcast on Sky satellite and Virgin Media cable. The on demand movies can be watched on these and also Now TV, BT TV and TalkTalk TV.

The first Sky Cinema (then Sky Movies) channel started as one of the four Sky satellite channels on 5 February 1989. The first movie shown was "Dirty Dancing". The channel became a paid channel for on 5 February 1990. Over time, many different channels with the "Sky Movies" name were started. From 2007, they were grouped by genre (such as "Sky Movies Comedy" or "Sky Movies Action"). Sky Movies changed its name to "Sky Cinema" in 2016.

Daocheng Yading Airport

Daocheng Yading Airport is an airport in Daocheng County in Garzê Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture. The prefecture is in Sichuan Province, China. The airport is in Sangdui Town. Sandui town is 50 km north of the county seat. Yading Nature Reserve is 130 km away from the airport. Daocheng Yading is above sea level. This makes it the highest civilian airport in the world.

Construction started after plans for the airport were approved in April 2011. The construction cost 1.58 billion yuan (US$255 million). The airport officially opened on 16 September 2013. The first flight was Air China flight 4215 on an Airbus A319. The flight came from Chengdu. It carried 118 passengers. The opening of the airport reduces the time needed to travel from Daocheng and Chengdu to one hour. This journey used to take two days by bus.

Daocheng Yading Airport has one runway that is long and wide. It has a terminal building. The airport terminal is shaped like a flying saucer. There are two aerobridges. It is designed to handle 280,000 passengers per year.

Pilots landing and taking off a plane from the airport need to be a captain. They also need to have a license that allows them to land on a high elevation airport. They cannot be more than 55 years old. They also need have 1,200 hours flying experience. Out of this 1200, 100 must be on the type of aircraft they are currently flying. 

Daocheng Yading is served by airlines such as Air China, China Southern Airlines as well as Sichuan Airlines. There are several destinations these airlines fly to. Air China operates flights to Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport (Chengdu) and Guangzhou Baiyun International Airport (Guangzhou). China Southen operates flights to Chengdu and Guangzhou. Sichuan Airlines operates flights to Chengdu, Chongqing Jiangbei International Airport, Hangzhou Xiaoshan International Airport and Xi'an Xianyang International Airport.

The table below lists the destinations and airlines:


 

Moaif tree frog

The Moaif tree frog ("Litoria mystax") is a frog from New Guinea. Scientists have only seen it near Moaif area near Bukisi.

FIFA Club of the Century

FIFA Club of the Century was an award presented by FIFA. It was used to decide the greatest football club of the 20th century. Real Madrid was the winner of the award with 42.35% of the votes. The winner was announced at the annual FIFA World gala in Rome on 11 December 2000. 


Emad Moteab

Emad Mohamed Abd El Naby Ibrahim Moteab, commonly known as Emad Moteab (born 20 February 1983) is an Egyptian retired professional footballer. He has played for Al Ahly and the Egypt national team.

Al Ahly

Egypt


It's Only Love (disambiguation)

"It's Only Love" is a 1965 song by The Beatles

It's Only Love may also mean:




John Pond

John Pond (born 1767, London, England — died September 7, 1836, Blackheath, London), was the sixth astronomer royal of England. He was selected as a fellow (member) of The Royal Society in 1807. In 1823, he received the Copley Medal for his astronomy research. He was a member of the Royal Astronomical Society when it was made in 1820.

Pond worked as astronomer royal from 1811 to 1835. He managed the Royal Greenwich Observatory. He replaced many old machines and hired more people to work at the observatory. This let him measure the position of 1,113 stars. 

FIFA U-20 World Cup

The FIFA U-20 World Cup is an football world championship for male players under the age of 20. It is organized by FIFA. The competition has been staged every two years since the first tournament in 1977. It was known as the FIFA World Youth Championship until 2005. 

"FIFA Fair Play Award" is given to the team who has the best fair play record during the tournament with the criteria set by FIFA Fair Play Committee.




Ali Garaad Jama

Ali Garaad Jama was the nineteenth "garaad guud" of the reer darawiish tribe from 1966 until 1985. This means he was the 19th supreme chieftain of the reer darawiish tribe. During his term he signed the papers where north Somalia declared independence from England. He died in Egypt in 1985. He was the only Somali clan leader with college education. He was known for his improvements to the Somali alphabet. The line of succession returned to the Baharsame lineage after Diiriye Guure became garaad guud of Dhulbahante when Diiriye Guure became Sultan of Dhulbahante and Darawiish.

Ross-on-Wye

Ross-on-Wye (Welsh: "Rhosan ar Wy") is a town in south eastern Herefordshire with 10,700 people as of 2011. The town is on the River Wye and next to the Forest of Dean.

As with the rest of the United Kingdom and Ireland, Ross-on-Wye experiences a similar climate all year round. There is a Met Office weather station that provides long term climate information for Ross.

The town is twinned with Betzdorf in Germany, Condé-sur-Noireau in France and Namutumba in Uganda.

The B4234 and B4260 roads pass through the town centre.

The A40 and A449 roads by-pass the town.

The M50 and A49 highways end outside Ross-on-Wye.

We Can Work It Out

"We Can Work It Out" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was released as a double A-side single on 3 December 1965 on the same day as "Rubber Soul". This was the first time a single was released with two A-sides in the United Kingdom.<ref name="White/OCC"></ref> The single was number 1 in the United Kingdom. It was the seventh highest selling single of the 1960s in the UK. It was written by John Lennon and Paul McCartney.

According to Walter Everett, the line-up of musicians on the Beatles' recording was as follows:


MacDonald said that some sources say the tambourine part was played by Harrison, but he thought thay Starr had probably played it. Everett said Harrison played it, as it was recorded at the same time as the other instruments. Guesdon and Margotin also said Harrison played it.


Archduchess of Austria

Archduchess of Austria was a title given to daughters of the Holy Roman Emperor or Austro-Hungarian Emperor, it is the Austrian version of princess. The male version was Archduke of Austria. Archduchess was a reformed version of the "Duchy of Austria."

Rudolf IV, Duke of Austria was the first person to call himself Archduke. The Holy Roman Emperor recognized the title in 1453.

Yoshi Touch &amp; Go

Yoshi Touch & Go, known in Japan as , is a video game that was developed and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS. It first released in Japan on January 27, 2005. It released in North America on March 14, 2005, in Europe on May 6, 2005, and in Australia on May 19, 2005. As of August 2007, the game sold 197,337 copies in Japan. "Yoshi Touch & Go" was produced by Takashi Tezuka and directed by Hiroyuki Kimura. The game was released on the Wii U Virtual Console in 2015.

The game is about Yoshi and Baby Mario or Baby Luigi. Its graphics and characters are from "Yoshi's Island". The game uses the DS's touch screen a lot. It uses the microphone as well. The challenge in the game comes from playing the same thing over and over to get the best score, similar to the classic arcade games of the 1980s.

Hippogriff

The hippogriff is a legendary creature with the front half of an eagle and the hind half of a horse. It is sometimes spelled hippogryph. It was invented by the author Ludovico Ariosto in his poem Orlando Furioso, at the beginning of the 16th century.

Field of Dreams

Field of Dreams is a 1989 American sports fantasy drama movie written and directed by Phil Alden Robinson. It is based from W. P. Kinsella's 1982 novel "Shoeless Joe". 

The movie stars Kevin Costner, Amy Madigan, James Earl Jones, Ray Liotta and Burt Lancaster. It was nominated for three Academy Awards, including for Best Original Score, Best Adapted Screenplay and Best Picture.

In 2017, the movie was selected for preservation in the United States National Film Registry by the Library of Congress as being "culturally, historically, or aesthetically significant".

Phil Alden Robinson

Phil Alden Robinson (born March 1, 1950) is an American movie director and screenwriter. His best known movies are "Field of Dreams", "Sneakers", and "The Sum of All Fears". He was born in Long Beach, New York.

W. P. Kinsella

William Patrick "W. P." Kinsella (May 25, 1935September 16, 2016) was a Canadian novelist and short story writer. He was known for his novel "Shoeless Joe" (1982), which was made into the movie "Field of Dreams" in 1989. 

Kinsella died by euthanasia in Hope, British Columbia on September 16, 2016 at the age of 81.

Charles Gordon (producer)

Charles Gordon (May 13, 1947 – October 31, 2020) was an American movie producer. His brother was movie producer Lawrence Gordon. He was born in Belzoni, Mississippi. He was best known for producing "Field of Dreams", "Die Hard" and "The Rocketeer".

Gordon died of cancer in Los Angeles on October 31, 2020 at the age of 73.

Belzoni, Mississippi

Belzoni () is a city in Humphreys County, Mississippi, United States, in the Mississippi Delta region, on the Yazoo River. The population was 1,938 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Humphreys County.

Lawrence Gordon (producer)

Lawrence Gordon (born March 25, 1936) is an American producer and motion picture executive. He is known for producing "Predator" (1987), "Die Hard" (1988), "Die Hard 2" (1990), "Predator 2" (1990), "Point Break" (1991), "Boogie Nights" (1997) and "" (2001).

Gordon was born in Belzoni, Mississippi. His brother was producer Charles Gordon.

Leah LaBelle

Leah LaBelle Vladowski (September 8, 1986 – January 31, 2018) was a Canadian-born American singer

At age 16, she was a finalist on the third season of "American Idol" and finished in 12th place. Keri Hilson hired LaBelle as a backing vocalist after watching her rendition of "Energy".

LaBelle was killed in a car crash alongside her boyfriend Rasual Butler on January 31, 2018 in Los Angeles, aged 31.

New Power Party

The New Power Party (DPP) (Traditional Chinese: ; Simplified Chinese: ; abbreviated to or ; Pinyin: Mínjìndǎng) is a major political party in the Republic of China (Taiwan). The party emerged from the Sunflower Student Movement in 2014, and advocates for universal human rights, civil and political liberties, as well as Taiwan independence/nationalism. The party is a part of the political phenomenon known as the "Third Force" (), in which new political parties, unaligned with traditional Democratic Progressive Party (DPP) or the Kuomintang (KMT)s, sought to provide an alternative in Taiwanese politics. Nevertheless, the NPP's policies are very much aligned and closely matches the DPP.


Disha Patani

Disha Patani () is an Indian actress. She mainly works in Hindi movies. She made her acting debut in the Telugu movie "Loafer" (2015) with Varun Tej. She later made her Hindi debut in the sports biopic "" (2016). She starred in the Chinese action comedy "Kung Fu Yoga" (2017), which is one of the highest earning Chinese movies. She played the lady-love of the main male character in the profit-making Hindi action movies "Baaghi 2" (2018) and "Bharat" (2019).

Patani is a Kumaoni from Uttarakhand. Her hometown is Bareilly, Uttar Pradesh. She has studied engineering. She is from the Rajput community. Her father Jagdish Singh Patani is a policeman and her mother is a health inspector. Her elder sister Khushboo Patani is a lieutenant in the Indian Armed Forces. She also has a younger brother Suryansh Patani.

Patani made her debut in 2015 with Varun Tej in the Telugu movie "Loafer". She played the role of Mouni, a girl who runs away from home to escape from a forced marriage. The movie was directed by Puri Jagannath and produced by C. Kalyan. It was produced under "C.K. Entertainment". The movie was made on a budget of 200 million. It performed poorly at the box office with a total collection of 106 million. Next year, Disha appeared in a music video Befikra with Tiger Shroff. It was produced by Bhushan Kumar and Krishan Kumar. It was produced under T-Series and was composed by Meet Bros. The song was written and directed by Meet Bros. Singer Aditi Singh Sharma gave her voice in the song.

Patani got her successful role with Neeraj Pandey's biographical sports movie "". It was based on the life of former Indian cricket team captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni. The movie also stars Sushant Singh Rajput and Kiara Advani.


Sergei Kirov

Sergei Mironovich Kostrikov or better known as Sergei Kirov (born 27 March 1886, O.S. 15 March, Urzhum, Russian Empire – died 1 December 1934, Leningrad, RSFSR, Soviet Union), was a Soviet politician and Bolshevik revolutionary whose assassination led to the first Great Purge in 1936, that was organised by Joseph Stalin and the NKVD (Genrikh Yagoda, Nikolai Yezhov and Lavrenty Beria). 

Sergei Kirov joined the RSDLP in 1904 led by Lenin. Sergei Kirov was involved in the 1905 Russian Revolution until it ended in 1907. He then moved to the Caucasus where he stayed until the [1917 Russian Revolution and Tsar Nicholas II was forced to abdicate the throne ending the long Russian Monarchy. He was also involved in the Russian Civil War of 1917 until it ended in 1923. Sergei Kirov was also involved in the 1918-1921 Polish–Soviet War until it ended in 1921 just two years before both Russian Revolution and the Russian Civil War ended in 1923 in the Soviet Union. Lenin died in 1924 aged 54 and Felix Dzerzhinsky, Alexei Rykov, Leon Trotsky and Lev Kamenev, all tried to replace Lenin, but it was Joseph Stalin who came to power in 1924. Stalin and Kirov were friends until Kirov was shot and killed in 1934 at the age of 48, possibly by the NKVD on the order of Stalin. And it led Stalin to kill Alexei Rykov, Lev Kamenev and other Leninists. Stalin had Genrikh Yagoda and Nikolai Yezhov executed in 1938 and 1940 by Lavrentiy Beria. Stalin ordered Leon Trotsky to be assassinated in August 1940 during the Second World War, who had fled to Mexico in 1937.

He was the First Secretary of the Communist Party of Azerbaijan and the leader of the Azerbaijan SSR, between 1921 and 1926.

He was Chief of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union in Leningrad, from 1927 until he was assassinated on 1 December 1934.

It is speculated by historians, that the Soviet leader Joseph Stalin ordered his assassination, because he saw Kirov, who was popular, as a threat to his rule, and started the Great Purge as an excuse to eliminate all his real and potential rivals.

Large-scale structure of the Universe

The term Large Scale structure of the Universe refers to the patterns of galaxies and matter on scales much larger than individual galaxies and groupings of galaxies. These correlated structures can be seen up to billion of light years in length and are created and shaped by gravity. On large scales, the Universe displays coherent structure with galaxies residing in groups and clusters on scale(s)of ~1-3 megaparsecs(Mpc) which lie at the intersections of long filament of galaxies that are usually >10 Mpc in length. Vast regions of relatively empty space, known as voids, contain very few galaxies and span in the volume in between these structures.

It's amplified to enormous proportion by gravitational forces, producing ever-growing concentrations of dark matter in which ordinary gases cool, condense and fragment to create galaxies.

The Large Scale Structure incorporates the notion of all the content in the universe which includes Galaxies —most of them bound in Galaxy clusters and Superclusters,Dark matter and Dark energy. While precise figures are impossible to acquire, it is currently thought that Dark Energy makes up 68% of the universe, Dark Matter follows with 27%, Radiation (Neutrinos and Photons) consisting of 0.1-0.2% meanwhile matter (anything made up of Atoms) consists of 4.9%. Other revised studies suggest that Dark Energy makes up 70% of the universe, Dark Matter following suit with 25%, Free Hydrogen and Helium make up ~4%,Neutrinos constituting 0.3% and other chemical elements constituting 0.003%.

The composition and contents of the universe have changed over time,have influenced the Cosmos' evolution and will decide the Ultimate fate of the universe. After the Big Bang and for the next 3 billion years, the universe was Radiation dominated as can be evidenced from the Cosmic Microwave Background(CMB).For the next 3—7.7 billion years, the universe was matter dominated and its expansion started to progressively slow down, however, since then, the universe became dominated by a poorly understood form on vacuum energy known as Dark Energy. — a form of energy that has since then accelerated the universe's expansion.

"Main article: Dark energy"The term "dark energy" can be used to refer to a subset of all causes of the observed accelerating expansion of the universe. In 1998, two Cosmology research teams, the High-Z Supernova Search Team and the Supernova Cosmology Project set out to measure the universe's rate of expansion which, according to Cosmological methods of the time, should have being slowing down as the immense gravitational pull generated by the Cosmic Web should have dominated over the expansion rate drawing the observable universe's contents back into a singularity as the Big Crunch predicted. Instead, via the measurement of very distant supernovae, Cosmologists deduced that the universe was expanding, and that the expansion rate was indeed uncontrollably accelerating, seemingly caused by an unknown spacetime phenomena now given the term "dark energy." Dark Energy's nature is still unknown, even less well understood unlike the hypothetical dark matter. It is probably in the form of an exotic type of vacuum energy exerting negative pressure on the universe.

Its density is also extremely low,~6×10-¹⁰ J/m³ or ~7×10 g/cm³. Much less than the density of normal matter or dark matter. However, it is dominant because

(2.) Its values add up over large cosmic scales and dominates over gravitational energy at such scales.

Due to this inherit dominance, it is Dark Energy's behavior which will dictate the universe's far future.

"For the full article,see Dark matter"Dark matter is the term given to an apparent hypothetical invisible mass that is currently thought to consist of 85% of the universe's mass. It is thought that every galaxy has dark matter worth the galaxy's mass many times over, primarily situated at the outer edges of galaxies. It is currently agreed that dark matter must be some kind of hypothetical particle unknown to the Standard Model.

Dark Matter's existence was first postulated by Swiss astronomer Fritz Zwicky who hypothesized it's existence based on observations of the Coma Cluster. Applying the virial theorem, Zwicky noticed that there was an apparent contradiction based on the speed of the galaxies which indirectly led him to obtain evidence of dark matter which he called dunkle materie (literally "dark matter"). Zwicky estimated its mass based on the motions of galaxies near its edge and compared that to an estimate based on its brightness and number of galaxies. He estimated the cluster had about 400 times more mass than was visually observable. The gravitational effect of the visible galaxies was far too small for such fast orbits, thus there must have been mass hidden from view. Based on these conclusions, Zwicky inferred that some unseen matter provided the mass and associated gravitational attraction to hold the cluster together. Zwicky's estimates were off by more than an order of magnitude, mainly due to an obsolete value of the Hubble constant, the same calculation today shows a smaller fraction, using greater values for luminous mass. Nonetheless, Zwicky did correctly conclude from his calculation that the bulk of the matter in the Coma cluster was dark matter. Generally though, it is agreed by physicists that dark matter will not play any significant role in regards to the Far Future of the universe

'Normal' Matter & Radiation

Baryonic Matter

A baryon is a particle consisting of three quarks/antiquarks (In other words, a hadron). Therefore, baryonic matter can in very rather simple terms be referred to as anything consisting of particles consisting of three standard model based particles. By extension, this includes atoms,groups of atoms(molecules) and the various large scale structures they form such as humans,the Earth, stars etc. Baryonic matter in much simpler commutative terms is what can interact electromagnetically, gravitationally and via the weak force and the strong nuclear force.

On the largest scales, normal matter contributes to the Cosmic Web. A spread collection of all the universe's contents in in its sheer volume into a series of protruding structures synonymous to webs. With the path constituent of galaxy filaments made up of Galactic walls which are then made up of superclusters,galaxy clusters, individual galaxy groups and on to individual collections of galaxies. 

"For the full article, see Radiation"

Radiation can best and most accurately be termed as the movement of particles or energy through space. There's many forms of radiation from gravitational waves (sometimes simply termed as "gravitational radiation") to electromagnetic radiation (light, also "electromagnetic waves.")

However, due to such a broad definition, the universe is full of radiation everywhere, from the billions of neutrinos passing through our bodies and Earth to the light that is being received by your eyes. 





Jim Iverson

James D. Iverson (August 22, 1930 – October 26, 2020) was an American basketball player and coach. After a college career at Kansas State (KSU), he was drafted by the Boston Celtics in the second round of the 1952 NBA draft. 

Iverson later coached South Dakota State University from 1956 to 1965, winning the 1963 NCAA College Division Tournament. He was born in Mitchell, South Dakota.

Iverson died on October 26, 2020 at the age of 90.

Julio Bécquer

Julio Bécquer Villegas (December 20, 1931 – November 1, 2020) was a Cuban-American professional baseball player. He was a first baseman who played in 488 games over seven seasons (1955; 1957–61; 1963) for the Washington Senators, Los Angeles Angels and Minnesota Twins of Major League Baseball. He was born in Havana, Cuba.

Bécquer died on November 1, 2020 in Hopkins, Minnesota at the age of 88.

Tonny Bruins Slot

Tonny Bruins Slot (1 April 1947 – 1 November 2020) was a Dutch association football manager. He was known for his role as assistant manager and scout for AFC Ajax.

On 1 November 2020, Bruins died at the age of 73.

Rachel Caine

Rachel Caine (born Roxanne Longstreet Conrad; April 27, 1962 – November 1, 2020) was an American novelist. Many of her novels were science fiction, fantasy, mystery, suspense, and horror novels. Her works were for young adults. She was born in El Paso, Texas. She was best known for her "The Morganville Vampires" and "Athena Force" series.

In 2018, Conrad was diagnosed with soft tissue sarcoma. She died on November 1, 2020 from the disease in Texas, aged 58.

Pedro Iturralde

Pedro Iturralde (3 July 1929 – 1 November 2020) was a Spanish saxophonist, saxophone teacher and composer. He was born in Falces, Spain. He went on to lead his own jazz quartet at the W. Jazz Club in Madrid, experimenting with the combined use of flamenco and jazz.

Iturralde died in Madrid on 1 November 2020 at the age of 91.

Nikolay Maksyuta

Nikolay Kirillovich Maksyuta (), (26 May 1947 – 1 November 2020) was a Russian politician. He was the governor of Volgograd Oblast from 1997 to 2010. He was born in Dnipropetrovsk Oblast, Russia.

On 1 November 2020, Maksyuta died in a Moscow hospital from COVID-19 at the age of 73.

Nikki McKibbin

Katherine Nicole McKibbin (September 28, 1978 – November 1, 2020) was an American rock music singer-songwriter. She finished third in the debut season of the reality television series "American Idol". McKibbin appeared in the first season of "Popstars". McKibbin was born in Grand Prairie, Texas.

McKibbin died on November 1, 2020 from a brain aneurysm at a hospital in Arlington, Texas. She was 42 years old at the time.

Jorge Núñez Sánchez

Jorge Núñez Sánchez (6 February 1947 – 1 November 2020) was an Ecuadorian writer, historian, and professor. He was the author of 56 books and co-author of 66 other books.

In 2010 he was awarded the Ecuadorian national prize Premio Eugenio Espejo in Culture. He was born in Bolívar Province, Ecuador.

Núñez Sánchez died of cancer at a hospital in Guayaquil, Ecuador at the age of 73.

Billy Tubbs

Billy Duane Tubbs (March 5, 1935 – November 1, 2020) was an American men's college basketball coach. He was born in St. Louis, Missouri. His career lasted from 1960 to 2003. He was a coach for Lamar University (1976–1980, 2003–2006), the University of Oklahoma (1980–1994) and Texas Christian University (1994–2002).

Tubbs died on November 1, 2020 from leukemia in Gainesville, Texas at the age of 85.

Gigi Proietti

Luigi "Gigi" Proietti (2 November 1940 – 2 November 2020) was an Italian actor, comedian, director, musician, singer, and television presenter. He was born in Rome. His career began in 1955. He was best known for his roles in "Febbre da cavallo", "Lady Liberty" and in "Brancaleone at the Crusades".

Proietti died in Rome on 2 November 2020 from a heart attack, aged 80.

Park Ji-sun

Park Ji-sun (; November 3, 1984 – November 2, 2020) was a South Korean comedian and actress. She was born in Incheon, South Korea. She was best known for appearing on many South Korean late night shows and variety sketch shows. She appeared on "Gag Concert", "You Hee-yeol's Sketchbook", "Star Golden Bell" and "Happy Together".

Park was found dead on November 2, 2020 at her apartment in Seoul, aged 35.

Satish Prasad Singh

Satish Prasad Singh (1 January 1936 – 2 November 2020) was an Indian politician. He was the Chief Minister of Bihar for just five days in 1968. He was supported by the Indian National Congress. He was elected to the Lok Sabha in 1980. He retired in 1984. Singh was born in Korchakka Village, Khagaria, Bihar.

Singh died of COVID-19 at a New Delhi hospital on 2 November 2020, aged 84.

Phil K

Phil K (born Phil Krokidis; 7 May 1969 – 1 November 2020) was an Australian electronic music DJ and record producer. He was born in Melbourne. He was a member of the "Aussie breaks" music scene which also includes other Melbourne DJs such as Nubreed and Andy Page. He was a member of the disc jockey electro duo Lo-Step.

Krokidis died of bladder cancer on 1 November 2020 in Melbourne, aged 51.

Roger Closset

Roger Closset (11 February 1933 – 29 October 2020) was a French fencer. He won a silver medal in the team foil event at the 1956 Summer Olympics. He was born in Paris.

Closset died in Paris on 29 October 2020 at the age of 87.

Iba Der Thiam

Iba Der Thiam, also known as I. D. Thiam (26 February 1937 – 31 October 2020), was a Senegalese writer, historian, and politician. He was in the government of Senegal as Minister of Education from 1983 to 1988. He was First Vice-President of the National Assembly of Senegal from 2001 to 2012.

Thiam was born in Kaffrine, Senegal. He was a member of the Convention of Democrats and Patriots and the Senegalese Democratic Party.

Thiam died on 31 October 2020 in Dakar, Senegal at the age of 83.

National Assembly (Senegal)

The National Assembly () is the unicameral legislature of Senegal. The Assembly was previously part of a bicameral legislature from 1999 to 2001 and from 2007 to 2012, with the indirectly elected Senate being the upper house. The Senate was removed for a second time in September 2012.

Prime Minister of Senegal

The Prime Minister of Senegal was the head of government of Senegal. The Prime Minister was appointed by the President of Senegal, who is directly elected for a seven-year term. The Prime Minister, in turn, appointed the Senegalese cabinet.

On 14 May 2019, the post was removed and no longer active.

In November 2021, Macky Sall announced the return of the post of prime minister suppressed since 2019.

Moustapha Niasse

Moustapha Niasse (born November 4, 1939) is a Senegalese politician. He has been the President of the National Assembly since 2012. He was in the government of Senegal as Foreign Minister of Senegal from 1978 to 1984 and again from 1993 to 1998. He was Prime Minister of Senegal for a few weeks in 1983, and he held that position again from 2000 to 2001.

Mame Madior Boye

Mame Madior Boye (born 1940) is a Senegalese politician. He was Prime Minister of Senegal from 2001 to 2002. She was the first female holder of that position.

Mahammed Dionne

Mahammed Boun Abdallah Dionne (born 22 September 1959) is a Senegalese politician. He was the Prime Minister of Senegal from 2014 to 2019. He is the third prime minister appointed by President Macky Sall. He was the last prime minister of the country.

Kiara Advani

Alia Advani (born 31 July 1991) is an Indian actress. She is professionally known as Kiara Advani (). She mainly appears in Hindi movies. She made her acting debut in the 2014 comedy movie "Fugly". The film was a flop at the box-office. Advani got her first successful role in the 2016 sports biopic "". She was in a brief role in the movie. Her career progressed with a role in the Telugu political drama "Bharat Ane Nenu" (2018). In 2019, Advani starred in the Hindi romantic drama "Kabir Singh" and the comedy "Good Newwz".

Advani was born on 31 July 1992 in Bombay, Maharashtra. Her father Jagdeep Advani is a Sindhi Hindu businessman. Her mother Genevieve Jaffrey is a teacher. Her maternal father was a Muslim from Lucknow. Her maternal grandmother was a Christian of Scottish, Irish, Portuguese, and Spanish ancestry. She was born as Alia Advani. She changed her first name to Kiara before the release of her first movie "Fugly" in 2014. She has said that Salman Khan suggested her to change the name from Alia to Kiara. 

She changed her name because Alia Bhatt had the same name, and was already an established actress. In an interview to "Filmfare" in 2019, she said that the name was inspired from Priyanka Chopra's character Kiara in the movie "Anjaana Anjaani".She is the eldest child of Jagdeep Advani and Genevieve Advani. Advani has a younger brother, Mishaal Advani. She is also related to many celebrities through her maternal family. Actors Ashok Kumar and Saeed Jaffrey are her step-great-grandfather and great-uncle respectively. The Model, Shaheen Jaffrey is her aunt.

Advani made her acting debut with the 2014 comedy-drama "Fugly". It was directed by Kabir Sadanand. She acted alongside an ensemble. The cast includes Mohit Marwah, Arfi Lamba, Vijender Singh, and Jimmy Sheirgill. The movie was a flop at the box office.


Black-dotted tree frog

The black-dotted tree frog ("Litoria nigropunctata") is a frog from New Guinea. It lives in both Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. Scientists saw it at sea level and as high as 500 meters up in the hills. It also lives on Japen Island and on the south sides of the mountains.

Hurricane Zeta

Hurricane Zeta was an October 2020 Atlantic hurricane. It was the record fifth storm to hit the Gulf States. The storm hit the Mexican Yucatán Peninsula and then Louisiana and Mississippi.

Zeta had winds of 115 miles an hour when it hit the Gulf States.

The remnants of Zeta dumped snow on the New England area.

The storm left just over 2.1 million customers without power.

Hercules (1998 TV series)

Hercules: The Animated Series is a 1998 animated TV series based on the 1997 Disney animated movie "Hercules". It is about Hercules during his school years at the Prometheus Academy.


Mulan (2020 movie)

Mulan is a 2020 American action fantasy movie that is a remake to the 1998 animated movie of the same name. It was released on Disney+ on September 2020. It had bad reviews compared to the animated original movie.



Doctor Nefarious

Doctor Nefarious is the antagonist of the "Ratchet & Clank" franchise. He is an organic lifeform transformed into a robot and archenemy of Captain Qwark, Ratchet and Clank. He first appeared as the main villain of the 2004 game "" before returning in 2009's "".

Arthur Nefarious has created Ameboids at Blackwater City, Rilgar to wreak havoc towards Captain Qwark. Qwark followed him to Magmos, where he fell down a machine that transformed him into a robot. He later attacked Metropolis of the planet Kerwan with his insects before he got disassembled. He was found by his robot butler Lawrence to capture Qwark in his secret prison. Years later, Nefarious would begin a campaign against organic life-forms. He hired famous pop star Courtney Gears to spread his message towards fellow robots.

Armin Shimerman has voiced Nefarious since his first appearance.

Gamora

Gamora is a Marvel Comics character created by Jim Starlin and is Thanos' adoptive daughter. She is a member of the Guardians of the Galaxy.

Gamora has been played by Zoe Saldana in four movies and has been voiced by Vanessa Marshall and Nika Futterman in cartoons.

Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer (video game)

Fantastic Four: Rise of the Silver Surfer is a 2007 action-adventure video game published by 2K Games and based on the 2007 movie of the . It was released for the Nintendo DS, PlayStation 2, PlayStation 3, Nintendo Wii and Xbox 360.

The player can play as all four members of the Fantastic Four.

Before Reed and Sue attend their wedding, the team fended off against a group of Skrulls.

2020 Puerto Rican status referendum

A referendum of the status of Puerto Rico is was held on November 3, 2020. It asked the people if they think Puerto Rico should become a U.S. State. It will happened same day as the gubernatorial and presidential elections, and others. The Puerto Rico Governor Wanda Vázquez Garced first spoke about this on May 16, 2020. This is the sixth time a referendum has been held to see if Puerto Rico should be a state. The last one of these happened in 2017. 

This referendum is not binding, meaning it still might not become a state even if there are more "yes" votes. This is because only the United States Congress can add new states. Both the Republican Party and the Democratic Party (the main two parties in Congress) said they would make Puerto Rico a state if their people wanted to. The question in the referendum is written in the same way as the referendums that made Alaska and Hawaii states in the 1950s.

Nemty

Nemty is one of the many Egyptian gods and goddesses. Specifically, Nemty is a falcon god, which is worshipped by the Middle-Eastern Egyptians, who appears in myth as a ferryman for greater gods. Otherwise, there is not a lot of information of this falcon god.

Elomar

Elomar (born December 21 1937) is a Brazilian writer, singer and composer. He wrote a very large amount of music, including works for Opera and vocal works. His music was influenced by both Brazilian folk music from the northeast region of Brazil and by Medieval music from Europe.

Leomar brings to his songs the regional aspects of the sub-regions of the Northeast Region of Brazil. His use of language closely follows the dialect of inhabitants of the sertão, employing regional terms and variations of words, as well as borrowing chivalric romances traditions and customs.



Dan Kohn

Dan Kohn (November 20, 1972November 1, 2020) was an American businessman and nonprofit executive. He led the Linux Foundation’s Public Health initiative.

He was formerly the executive director at Cloud Native Computing Foundation (CNCF). He was the founder of NetMarket, which he founded in 1994.

Kohn died of problems caused by colon cancer on November 1, 2020 at the age of 47.

Swarthmore College

Swarthmore College (sometimes pronounced , locally pronounced , or ) is a private liberal arts college in Swarthmore, Pennsylvania. It was founded in 1864. 

Swarthmore, Pennsylvania

Swarthmore (locally pronounced , or ) is a borough in Delaware County, Pennsylvania, United States. Swarthmore was originally named "Westdale" in honor of noted painter Benjamin West. Swarthmore College is here. The borough population was 6,543 as of the 2020 census.

Rajko Đurić

Raјko Đurić (Serbian Cyrillic: Рајко Ђурић, ; 3 October 1947 – 2 November 2020) was a Serbian Romani writer and academic. He was also politically active. Has the leader of one of Romani parties in Serbia, the . He was the President of the . He was born in , , Serbia.

Đurić died on 2 November 2020 in Belgrade at the age of 73.

T. N. Krishnan

Trippunithura Narayanaiyer Krishnan (6 October 1928 – 2 November 2020) was an Indian Carnatic music violinist. He was known for his works with Lalgudi Jayaraman and M.S. Gopalakrishnan. He was awarded the Madras Music Academy's Sangeetha Kalanidhi in 1980.

Krishnan died on 2 November 2020 at his home in Chennai at the age of 92.



Bhagirathi Majhi

Bhagirathi Majhi (1 February 1954 – 2 November 2020) was an Indian politician. He was born in Murumdihi, Mayurbhanj. He was a member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. He was a Member of the Parliament of India representing Orissa in the Rajya Sabha from 2006 to 2010. 

Majhi died on 2 November 2020 in Bhubaneswar, Odisha from COVID-19 at the age of 66.


Don McDermott

Donald "Don" Joseph McDermott (December 7, 1929 – November 2020) was an American speed skater. He was born in The Bronx, New York. He was at the 1952 Olympics in Oslo. He won a silver medalist in the 500 meters.

On November 2, 2020, it was announced that McDermott had died at the age of 90.

Raju Mishra

Raja Mishra (1947/1948 – 2 November 2020) was an Indian movie director, screenwriter, cinematographer and music director. He was a gold medalist in cinematography from Film and Television Institute of India, Pune. 

He directed a total of 12 Odia movies. His career began in 1978. He was born in Jatani, Khordha. Mishra was known for his works in "Aranya Rodan", "Nirbachana" and "Joymoti".

Mishra died on 2 November 2020 from cardiac arrest in Bhubaneswar, Odisha, aged 72.

God of War (2005 video game)

God of War is a 2005 hack and slash action-adventure video game released on the PlayStation 2. It was developed by Santa Monica Studio and published by Sony Computer Entertainment.

Kratos can use the Blades of Chaos to attack enemies and gain abilities from Medusa's head, Zeus' Fury, Army of Hades and Poseidon's Rage.

Kratos, the Ghost of Sparta had killed his wife and daughter against his will from Ares. Kratos wanted help from the other Greek mythology gods to defeat Ares using Pandora's Box.

God of War II

God of War II is a 2007 hack and slash video game released on the PlayStation 2 and a sequel to 2005's "God of War". Many say it is better than the first game.

Kratos can use the Blades of Athena to attack enemies and gain abilities from the Titans.

Kratos became the new God of War and attacked the Colossus of Rhode. He was killed by Zeus and found by the Titan Gaia. He was given the chance to defeat the Sisters of Fate and go back in time to help the Titans defeat Zeus and the Gods.

God of War III

God of War III is a 2010 hack and slash video game released on the PlayStation 3 and a sequel to 2007's "God of War II".

Kratos can use the Blades of Athena to attack enemies and gain abilities from picked up items and red orbs.

Kratos and the Titans climbed up to Mount Olympus to stop his father, Zeus. The Titans eventually betrayed Kratos.

God of War: Ascension

God of War: Ascension is a 2013 hack and slash video game released on the PlayStation 3 and a prequel to the "God of War" franchise. It is the first game to feature multiplayer.

Kratos can use the Blades of Chaos to attack enemies and gain abilities from picked up items and red orbs.

Kratos has been hunting down the Furies with the help of Orkos, the oathkeeper.

Marvel: Ultimate Alliance 2

Marvel: Ultimate Alliance 2 is a 2009 video game and the second entry of "Marvel Ultimate Alliance". It is based on the "Civil War" story arc from Marvel Comics.

A team of up to four selectable characters can use fusion attacks to defeat enemies.

Altaïr Ibn-LaʼAhad

Altaïr Ibn-LaʼAhad is one of the playable characters of the "Assassin's Creed" franchise. He is an Arab ancestor of Desmond Miles. He first appeared in "Assassin's Creed" (2007) before returning in "" alongside fellow assassin Ezio Auditore da Firenze.

Altaïr was voiced by Cas Anvar.

Batman: Arkham City

Batman: Arkham City is an action-adventure video game made by Rocksteady Studios. It can be played on Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, Wii U and Xbox 360. The game is based on the DC Comics superhero Batman and is the second in the "Batman: Arkham" series. It was released worldwide by Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment on October 2011.

It had Kevin Conroy and Mark Hamill as the voices of Batman and the Joker. It is considered one of the best video games of the 2010s and the best Batman video game of all time.


Harley Quinn (TV series)

Harley Quinn is an adult animated television series made for DC Universe and HBO Max based on the character of the same name.


Victor Soczava

Viktor Soczava (born June 20, 1905, Pargolovo; died December 29, 1978, Komarovo) was a Soviet geographer, geobotanist and landscape scientist. He was a member of the Academy of Sciences of the USSR (1968) and the founder of the Siberian Geographic School. He was also the creator of the doctrine of geosystems in geographical science.

He worked as a landscape scientist and was the founder of the Siberian School of Geography. He proposed the geosystem theory as a refinement of the landscape theories of Lev S. Berg, Humboldt and Vasily Dokuchaev on the basis of the general systems theory.

SOCZAVA, V.B. Por uma Teoria de classificação de geossistemas da vida terrestre. Biogeografia, n.14. IGUSP. São Paulo. 1978. 23 p.


2020 Vienna attacks

The 2020 Vienna attacks was a spree shooting which happened on 2 November 2020 in Vienna, Austria. Multiple gunmen across six locations opened fire with automatic weapons. The death of a civilian and of a perpetrator are confirmed, but many more victims are suspected, while several more are injured, with one of them a police officer. 

Chancellor Sebastian Kurz called it "definitely a terrorist attack".

Many people were partying, as a nationwide Corona-related lockdown would be put in place on November 3. In the early evening (about 8pm local time), several attackers started shooting into partying crowds using rifles. On November 3, the police said there were up to four attackers. These attackers were heavily armed, and dangerous.There are six sites in the center of Vienna, at which attacks took place. 

Police killed one attacker, at least one is still at large. The attacks started near the city's main synagogue, which was closed at the time. They killed one person. Between 15 and 20 people wounded, and are being treated in hospitals. Seven of them were severely wounded. A police officer was wounded. Two other people died in hospital.

One attacker was shot by police. They said that this attacker was an Islamist. He was 20, born in Vienna, with family from North Macedonia or Albania. Police knew him, as he already been convicted for forming a terrorist organization.

Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs (movie)

Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs is a computer animated movie made by Sony Pictures Animation, It stars Bill Hader, Anna Faris, Bruce Campbell, James Caan, Andy Samberg, Benjamin Bratt, Neil Patrick Harris, Al Roker, Lauren Graham and Will Forte It got mixed/average reviews and was a box office hit and started a 2013 sequel.

Additional Voices, Lori Alan, Jack Angel, Greg Baldwin, Michael Bell, Bob Bergen, Gregg Berger, Kimberly Brooks, Lara Cody, Rodger Bumpass, Cody Cameron, David Cowgill, Jennifer Darling, Ann Dominic, Jen Cohn, Debi Derryberry, Dan Gilvezan, Marsha Clark, John Cygan, Paul Eiding, Bill Farmer, Laurie Faso, Chad Einbinder, Eddie Frierson, Jess Harnell, Gary A. Hecker, Phil Lord, Bridget Hoffman, Edie Lehmann-Boddicker, Tom Wyner, Neil Kaplan, Tom Kane, David Kaye, Marsha Kramer, Steve Kramer, Josh Keaton, Phil LaMarr, Anne Lockhart, John Lasseter, Sherry Lynn, Tress MacNeille, Danny Mann, Barbara Goodson, Mona Marshall, Mickie McGowan, Candi Milo, Christopher Miller, Laraine Newman, Jeffrey Jones, Joe Ochman, Elizabeth Pan, Paul Pape, Patrick Pinney, Phil Proctor, Jan Rabson, Peter Renaday, Michelle Ruff, Neil Ross, Skip Stellrecht, Fred Tatsciore, Beau Weaver, Melissa Sturm, Ezra Weisz, & Dave Wittenberg.

Additional Children's Voices Isabella Acres, Shane Baumel, Grace Rolek, Jeremy Shada, Will Shadley, Ariel Winter.

Vasily Dokuchaev

Vasily Dokuchaev (), was a Russian geographer. He is considered the founder of soil science.


Carol Arthur

Carol Arthur (born Carol Arata, August 4, 1935 – November 1, 2020) was an American actress. She was known for appearing in many comedy movies produced by Mel Brooks. Arthur was born in Hackensack, New Jersey. Her career began in 1971 and she retired in 2004. Her best known role was as Harriet Johnson in "Blazing Saddles" (1974).

Arthur was married to actor Dom DeLuise from 1965 until his death in 2009. They had three sons who also became actors: Peter, Michael and David.

Arthur died on November 1, 2020 at a retirement center in Los Angeles from Alzheimer's disease-related problems, aged 85.

Hackensack, Minnesota

Hackensack is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 294 at the 2020 census.

Walker, Minnesota

Walker is a city in Cass County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 966 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Cass County.

Peter DeLuise

Peter John DeLuise is an American actor, director, producer, and screenwriter.

He is known for his role as Officer Doug Penhall in the Fox TV series "21 Jump Street", and for directing and writing episodes of science fiction television shows such as the "Stargate" franchise. 

Michael DeLuise

Michael Robert DeLuise (born August 4, 1969) is an American actor, movie director, and movie producer. In 1990, DeLuise starred on the Fox TV series "21 Jump Street" as Joey Penhall. He also appeared on "Gilmore Girls", "NYPD Blue", "", "Lost", and "Stargate SG-1".

David DeLuise

David Dominick DeLuise (born November 11, 1971) is an American actor and TV director. He is known for his starring roles on "3rd Rock From The Sun" (1996-2001), "Jesse" (1998-1999), "Megas XLR", and "Wizards of Waverly Place". He also starred in the movies "Terror Tract" (2000), and "Jam" (2006).

His parents were actors Dom DeLuise and Carol Arthur. His godparents were Mel Brooks and Anne Bancroft.

2020 Kabul University attack

On 2 November 2020, three gunmen stormed the campus of Kabul University in Kabul, Afghanistan. They killed 32 people and wounded 50 others. 

The attack began around the time government officials were to arrive at the campus for the opening of an Iranian book fair. 

The three gunmen were later killed during a fight with security forces. The attack happened at around 11:00 AM in the morning. 

The Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant claims responsibility for the attack.

Kabul University

Kabul University (KU) (, ) is one of the major and oldest colleges in Afghanistan. It is located in the 3rd District of the capital Kabul, near the Ministry of Higher Education. 

It was founded in 1931 during the government of Mohammed Nadir Shah and then Prime Minister Mohammad Hashim Khan.

It was attacked in 2019 and 2020. 

Eddie Hassell

Eddie Hassell (July 16, 1990 – November 1, 2020) was an American actor. He was born in Corsicana, Texas. His career began in 2003 and began as a child actor. He was best known for his role as Clay in "The Kids Are All Right" (2010). He also starred as Phil Nance in ten episodes of the television series "Surface". 

Hassell died on November 1, 2020 in Grand Prairie, Texas, after being shot in the stomach, aged 30.

 

Typhoon Goni

Typhoon Goni, known in the Philippines as Super Typhoon Rolly, is a weak tropical cyclone that made landfall as an extremely powerful Category 5–super typhoon on Catanduanes Island in the Philippines and became the strongest landfalling tropical cyclone on record. 

The 19th named storm, ninth typhoon, and second super typhoon of the 2020 Pacific typhoon season, Goni started as a tropical depression southwest of Guam on October 26. It was then named as Tropical Storm Goni on October 27. 

Goni maintained Category 5 strength for over a day, before making landfall on Catanduanes as an extremely powerful typhoon, with 10-minute sustained winds of 220 km/h (140 mph), 1-minute sustained winds of 315 km/h (195 mph), and a minimum central pressure of 905 hPa (mbar; 26.72 inHg). 

It is the strongest tropical cyclone observed worldwide thus far in 2020 and one of the most intense tropical cyclones on record.

Tony Waiters

Anthony Keith Waiters (1 February 1937 – 10 November 2020) was an English footballer. He played as a goalkeeper for , , and the England national team. He was the manager of Canada when they played at the 1986 World Cup

Waiters died on 10 November 2020, aged 83.


Pan-Arab colors

The Pan-Arab colors are black, white, green, and red. Individually, each of the four Pan-Arab colors were intended to represent a certain Arab dynasty, or era. The representations are as follows:

The origin of the colors goes back to the 14 century during the time of an Iraqi poet known as Safi Al-Din Al-Hilli. In one of his poems, there is a line that makes reference to the four colors. The line talks about white representing the acts of people, the black representing their struggles, the green standing for the fields where these struggles are fought on, while the red is for swords.

The first time these colors were used together was back in 1916 when the flag of the Arab Revolt was designed. The flag was a simple design involving three stripes of black, green, and white from the top respectively. The red color was in the shape of a triangle originating from the left side. There are several flags with these colors. These flags include Jordan, Palestine, Kuwait, the United Arab Emirates, and the Sahrawi Arab Democratic Republic. The brief union known as the Arab Federation of Iraq and Jordan also had a flag that used the colors.

The Pan-Arab colors continued to be used until the 1950s. From there onward, the Arab Liberation colors started becoming more popular and eventually replaced the Pan-Arab ones. The new colors were almost the same as the old ones with a slight difference. In the new scheme, the flag featured three bands of white, black, and red. The green was not eliminated but it was given much less prominence compared to previous designs. Under the new flag, the colors adopted a different meaning altogether. The black now stood for past foreign oppressors, the red symbolized the bloody sacrifices made, and the white was representative of a bright future full of hope.

The inspiration for these new colors can be traced back to the Arab Liberation flag that was in use during the Egyptian Revolution of 1952 (also called the July 23 revolution). The revolution was led by two army officers, Gamal Abdel Nasser and Mohammed Naguib, who wanted to do away with the reign of King Farouk. The new colors appear today in several flags. These flags include those of Egypt, Syria, Yemen, Sudan, Iraq, and Yemen. Even before Yemen merged, the rival states that made up the larger Yemen, North and South Yemen, both had the colors in their respective flags. There were also Arab unions that did not last very long but had the Arab Liberation colors. These unions were the Federation of Arab Republics and the United Arab Republic.


Images (movie)

Images is a 1972 British American psychological horror movie directed by Robert Altman and starring Susannah York, René Auberjonois, Marcel Bozzuffi, Cathryn Harrison. It was distributed by Columbia Pictures and was nominated for an Academy Award in 1973.

Kiranmala

Kiranmala is an Indian Bengali language television series which aired on Star Jalsha from 4 August 2014 to 19 November 2016.


Phil Collins (politician)

Philip Andrew Collins (born March 8, 1967) is an American politician. He is the Prohibition Party's presidential nominee for the 2020 presidential election. Collins was active in local politics in Illinois and Nevada.

In 2019, he ran for Mayor of Las Vegas for the 2019 mayoral election where he came in second place.

Port Hueneme, California

Port Hueneme ( ) is a small beach city in Ventura County, California surrounded by the city of Oxnard and the Santa Barbara Channel.

Vivaha Panchami

Vivah Panchami is a Hindu festival celebrating the wedding of Rama and Sita. It is observed on the fifth day of the Shukla paksha or waxing phase of moon in the Agrahayana month (November – December) as per Maithili calendar. The day is observed as the Vivah Utsav of Sita and Rama in temples and sacred places associated with Sri Rama in Mithila region of India and Nepal.

Brian T. Carroll

Brian T. Carroll (born December 15, 1949) is an American teacher and politician. He is the nominee of the American Solidarity Party for President in the 2020 United States presidential election. He supports the ideology of Christian democracy.

Byron Center, Michigan

Byron Center is an unincorporated community in Kent County in the U.S. state of Michigan. It is a census-designated place (CDP) used for statistical purposes. The population was 7,431 at the 2020 census.

Party for Socialism and Liberation

The Party for Socialism and Liberation (PSL) is a communist party in the United States created in 2004. Its members are active in a wide range of movements including the labor, anti-war, immigrants' rights, women's rights, and anti-police brutality movements. 

Alliance Party (United States)

The Alliance Party is a centrist American political party that was formed in 2018. They are being supported with the American Party of South Carolina, Independence Party of Minnesota, and Independent Party of Connecticut. The party's presidential nominee is Rocky De La Fuente and vice-presidential nominee is Darcy Richardson. 

American Solidarity Party

The American Solidarity Party (ASP) is a Christian democratic political party in the United States. 

It was founded in 2011 and officially incorporated in 2016. 

The party has a Solidarity National Committee (SNC) and has numerous active state and local chapters. Brian Carroll was the party’s nominee in the 2020 presidential election.

The Solidarity Party calls itself "Pro-Life for the Whole Life", meaning that they are against abortion, capital punishment, police violence, and forcing prisoners to work without pay. The Party supports Universal Healthcare, protecting migrants, and social safety nets. 

The Santa Clause 2

The Santa Clause 2 is a 2002 American Christmas comedy movie directed by Michael Lembeck in his directorial debut. It is a sequel to "The Santa Clause" (1994) and the second movie in the "Santa Clause" movie series. 

The cast includes Tim Allen, Judge Reinhold, Wendy Crewson, David Krumholtz, and Eric Lloyd reprise their roles, and are joined by Elizabeth Mitchell and Spencer Breslin.

It was released on November 1, 2002 to mixed reviews. It was followed by another sequel, "", released in 2006.

Elizabeth Mitchell

Elizabeth Mitchell (born Elizabeth Joanna Robertson: March 27, 1970) is an American actress. She is known for her lead role as Juliet Burke on the ABC drama mystery series "Lost" (2006–2010). She also played Mrs. Claus in "The Santa Clause 2" (2002) and "" (2006).


Hurricane Eta

Hurricane Eta was a Category 4 hurricane that caused a lot of damage for parts of Central America in early November 2020. Eta originated from a tropical wave in the eastern Caribbean Sea on October 31. The system organized very quickly as it moved west, and the cyclone peaked as a Category 4 hurricane on November 3. The storm started to quickly weaken as the system made landfall near Puerto Cabezas, Nicaragua, late that same day. Eta weakened to a tropical depression as it slowly moved across Central America before moving north into the Caribbean, toward Cuba on November 7. Over the next five days, the system moved very oddly, moving through the Florida Keys, before moving into the southern Gulf of Mexico. Reaching hurricane strength for a short time, it weakened once more and quickly moved across the Southeastern United States on November 12. It dissipated the next day.

Hurricane and tropical storm watches and warnings happened along the coast of Honduras and Nicaragua as Eta approached. At least 178 deaths across Central America have been related to the storm. Eta brought heavy rainfall and gusty winds to the Cayman Islands and Cuba. Parts of Southern Florida had to be evacuated because of Eta and other floods. 11 deaths were related to the storm in the U.S. Nearly $8 billion in damages were reported across all affected areas by December 2020.

Relief efforts for those hit by the storm were set up in several countries. About 2.5 million were affected by the storm, including 1.7 million in Honduras. Many Emergency Response Units were to help support affected people. About 100 tons of food and water were given to Nicaragua and Honduras from Panama. People left homeless were moved to many shelters after the storm had passed. Donations worth millions of USD had been given to affected countries to help recoveries.

On October 28, the National Hurricane Center (NHC) started watching the Southwestern Caribbean. There was an area that could become a tropical cyclone. Over the next couple of days, the area became more organized, becoming a disturbance, and on October 31, satellite and microwave imagery said that a circulation had formed in the disturbance, and the NHC began issuing advisories on "Tropical Depression Twenty-Nine." Early on November 1, the system intensified into "Tropical Storm Eta", becoming the earliest tropical storm on record in an Atlantic hurricane season, beating Tropical Storm Zeta in 2005.

Continuing west due to a ridge, Eta slowly organized throughout the day as cold convection began to form on top of its center. After holding onto tropical storm strength for 15 hours, Eta began to intensify very quickly, becoming a Category 4 hurricane mid-day of November 2, with lots of lightning being observed in its eyewall. Eta begun to slow down and turn west-southwestward because of a ridge over the United States. Early on November 3, a airplane found the system still intensifying with winds of 150 mph (240 km/h) and a pressure of 927 mbar as it slowed. According to the NHC, Eta maintained its peak winds as it reached its lowest pressure of 923 mbar shortly after, marking its peak intensity as a strong Category 4 hurricane. Even though the storm was in a in a good location, Eta began to weaken six hours after its peak because of an eyewall replacement cycle, which it completed as it made landfall later that day, south of Puerto Cabezas, Nicaragua, with winds of 140 mph (225 km/h) and a pressure of 940 mbar. Land caused Eta to weaken very quickly as it moved slowly west after landfall with its eye disappearing and its convection weakening. Only a little over a day after Eta made landfall, Eta had weakened to a tropical depression.

Eta, barely holding onto tropical cyclone status, began turning northeastward, eventually moving back over the Caribbean Sea on November 6 and speeding up due to a developing trough over the Gulf of Mexico. On November 7, the system started to become better organized, and it became a tropical storm again later that day. Even with strong wind shear, the storm continued to strengthen through the day and reached a second peak of winds of 65 mph (100 km/h) and a pressure of 991 mbar at 00:00 UTC on November 8. It then held its strength and slowed slightly before making landfall on the south central coast of Cuba at 09:00 UTC. Eta weakened after making landfall in Cuba's Sancti Spíritus Province, but this was brief as it quickly moved back over water in the Atlantic Ocean. Eta began to strengthen again as it turned toward Florida as a result of a low that had formed over the northwestern Caribbean Sea near the Isle of Youth.

Eta briefly gained a eye feature before bad conditions removed most of its convection, though the storm was able to maintain its intensity as it grew in size and approached South Florida. At 04:00 UTC on November 9, Eta made its third landfall on the Lower Matecumbe Key in the Florida Keys with the same intensity as its Cuban landfall. It then passed just south of the southwestern coast of Florida as it turned west. Eta began moving southwestward under the influence of a strong ridge across the Gulf of Mexico, Florida, and near the US East Coast. This also brought it into an area of very dry air, causing the storm to weaken and its area of gale-force winds to shrink. However, even after its center became sheared to the west of its convection, Eta began to intensify again over the warm waters of the Gulf. Eta than began to speed up north-northeast around the western edge of a subtropical ridge as its center reformed under the convection and an eye formed. Eta then regained hurricane status at 12:35 UTC on November 11, reaching a fourth peak intensity with winds of 75 mph (120 km/h) and a pressure of 983 mbar.

Shortly after its peak, dry air rapidly removed the convection and caused the eye to be gone, causing Eta to weaken back into a tropical storm at 18:00 UTC. The system turned further east and made landfall near Cedar Key, Florida at 09:00 UTC on November 12, with winds of 50 mph (85 km/h). The storm weakened over land as it sped toward the north-northeast, eventually emerging over the waters of the Atlantic near the Florida–Georgia border at 18:00 UTC. Eta came out with winds of 40 mph (65 km/h) before restrengthening as it began its extratropical transition. The storm completed its transition on November 13. On the next day, Eta was absorbed into another frontal system to the north.

Early on November 1, Honduras and Nicaragua put in Hurricane Watches and warnings for the northeastern coast of Honduras from Punta Patuca to Nicaragua and the northeastern coast of Nicaragua from the Honduras border to Puerto Cabezas. Later that day, a hurricane warning was put in from the Honduras–Nicaragua border to Sandy Bay Sirpi, while a tropical storm warning was put in for areas from Punta Patuca to the Honduras–Nicaragua border. A tropical storm watch was also issued from west of Punta Patuca westward to Punta Castilla late that same day.

Some people were worried that of storm surge along the coastline may happen, so Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega issued a yellow alert for most of the western departments on October 31. They were upgraded to a red alert by November 2. People in coastal towns were told to leave as supplies, including 88 tons of food, sleeping bags, hygiene kits, and plastic, were brought to Puerto Cabezas according to SINAPRED. The navy of Nicaragua helped more than 3,000 families from offshore islands to Puerto Cabezas as people in the city waited in long lines to access cash machines while getting supplies. Just before the storm's arrival, the army of Nicaragua moved red-helmeted troops to Puerto Cabezas to help in search and rescue efforts that would happen because of Eta. More than 10,000 people were at shelters in Puerto Cabezas and surrounding villages to wait out the storm.

Alerts were placed for all of Honduras The Honduran Air Force told two planes to send 4,000 pounds of food to La Mosquitia, Gracias a Dios. The National Police of Honduras was told to tell passengers of roadways blocked by a landslide or flooding. More than 20,000 pounds of food were stored at the Offices of Risk Management and National Contingencies in San Pedro Sula, ahead of the storm. Because of Hurricane Eta, in order to limit movements and protect human lives, the Honduran government cancelled the Morazanico national holiday.

The Civil Protection Directorate of El Salvador evacuated residents in Tecoluca after setting up 1,152 shelters across the country. The Autonomous Executive Port Commission thought of closing the El Salvador International Airport due to Eta. The Executive Hydroelectric Commission of the Lempa River cleared pipes to make sure flooding didn’t happen in communities along the river.

Costa Rica's National Meteorological Institute forecast lots of rainfall because of the outer bands of Eta, mostly along the Pacific coastline. With flooding starting at the night of November 2, the National Emergency Commission (NCE) put up multiple shelters for people leaving. The agency planned to set up three types of shelters due to the COVID-19 pandemic: infected people, people who might be infected, and non-infected persons. Landslides were expected in many areas due to wet soils.

Although not in the path of Eta, the hurricane was expected to cause damage in Panama. Machines alerted to dangerous swells in Caribbean waters, along with wind gusts up to . The Ministry of Public Works told residents to stay alert for possible flooding and landslides. Road crews were sent to make sure highways remained clear for travel.

As flooding was a major threat because of heavy rainfall, a flood warning was issued for all of Belize because of Eta, as the National Emergency Management Organization urged residents to evacuate.

Once the Cayman Islands came close to the cone of Tropical Depression Eta on November 5, tropical storm watches were issued for Grand Cayman and all of the other islands. This came after Eta became forecast to become a tropical storm again before brushing by the islands. Government schools were closed in the islands on November 6 due to the threat of Eta. The next day, tropical storm warnings were put into effect for all of the islands.

On November 6, the Government of Cuba issued a tropical storm watch for many provinces of the western provinces of Cuba. Later that day, these were upgraded to tropical storm warnings in some provinces.

Late on November 6, tropical storm watches were issued for the northwestern Bahamas. The next day, these watches were upgraded to tropical storm warnings.

On November 6, tropical storm watches were issued for the Florida Keys and parts of the coast of the Florida Peninsula. The next day, these were upgraded to tropical storm warnings in the Florida Keys and the southern tip of the peninsula. On November 7, Hurricane Watches and Warnings were issued for much of the Florida peninsula and both Tropical Storm Warnings and Watches were extended further north. Residents of small homes and other structures in the Florida Keys were told to evacuate ahead of Tropical Storm Eta as a state of emergency was declared in some counties including Monroe and Miami-Dade. Later, Hurricane Warnings were issued for the Florida Keys. All the warnings for Florida were cancelled by November 9, only to have more issued the next day along the western side of the state as Eta changed directions.

Eta's intensity at the beginning of its lifetime followed by its odd path afterwards bought devastating impacts across Central America, the Greater Antilles, the Bahamas, and Florida with heavy rainfall, strong winds, and flash flooding causing most of the damage.

Despite passing north of the archipelago of San Andrés, Providencia and Santa Catalina, Eta still brought some damage to the island. Wind speeds of cut down the trees and damaged houses, and Eta also caused severe flooding on the island. Damage across the archipelago reached COL$3 billion (US$777,000). Across the archipelago, two people were injured and 141 families were affected. A total of 6 homes were destroyed while another 64 homes and 24 businesses had damage.

As Eta neared landfall, its winds downed power lines and trees while causing flooding and damaging roofs in Puerto Cabezas. At the Getsemani School, where 215 people were waiting out the storm, Eta's strong winds ripped 10 sheets of metal off the school's roof. No one was injured in the incident. The Wawa River that connects Puerto Cabezas to the rest of Nicaragua had too much water in its banks. Two people in the municipality of Bonanza died after they were buried in a landslide while working in a mine. Eta caused C$6.128 billion (US$178.4 million) of damage in Nicaragua.

Hurricane Eta had life-changing effects on Honduras, largely due to flooding. Flooding caused 559 residents to get out of their homes and two others had to be rescued. At least 457 homes were damaged by floodwaters, 41 communities were cut off by washed-out roads, and at least nine bridges were destroyed including one in La Ceiba. In La Ceiba, floodwaters rushed through streets, and the flooding also washed away a structure at a local cemetery. A ferry leaving Roatán was rocked by large waves and winds with 300 passengers onboard while trying to reach the port of La Ceiba. Nobody was injured on the ferry. The Permanent Contingency Commission of Honduras said that 14 roads and 339 homes were destroyed. In Olanchito, 12 people, including two newborns, were trapped. A wall collapsed at a prison in El Progreso letting in waist-deep floodwaters, causing the evacuation of more than 600 inmates. At least 74 people were killed across Honduras as a result of Eta, mainly due to landslides and drownings. Among the dead were at least four people, including three children, who were killed in the mountains outside the north coast city of Tela due to landslides. In Santa Barbara, a 2-year-old girl was killed when she and her mother were swept away by floodwaters; the mother survived. Four members of the same family died in the municipality of Gualala due to heavy rains. A 13-year-old girl was killed when mud and rain caused her home to collapse in the village of Carmen. In Sulaco, a 15-year-old boy drowned while trying to cross a river that was full due to rain. A 37-year-old man also drowned in San Manuel, in the western part of the Lempira Department. Total economic losses in Honduras are estimated to be over 125 billion lempiras (US$5 billion).

According to the country's president, Alejandro Giammattei, at least 60% of the eastern city of Puerto Barrios was flooded with another 48 hours of rain expected. About 100 homes were damaged by flooding and landslides. A bridge crossing the Río Grande de Zacapa in Jocotán was washed away. At least 53 people died across Guatemala, while an additional 96 missing. An estimated 343,000 people were directly affected by the storm. The village of Queja near San Cristobal Verapaz in the center of the country was very hard-hit, with a landslide burying 150 homes. Over 100 people were buried from the landslide, and rescuers began searching them on November 9. However, the searching was called off two days later. Infrastructural damage were amounted to be exceed Q3 billion (US$386 million).

Heavy rainfall affected much of El Salvador as Eta passed to the northeast. Rainfall got over a total of with a maximum of in the La Unión Department. A total of 107 communities had power outages. Across the nation, 1,991 people required evacuation because of floods and landslides. Even with a ban on fishing activities, one fisherman drowned off the coast of Playa El Espino in the Usulután Department.

The outer bands of Hurricane Eta brought heavy rainfall to portions of Costa Rica. The heaviest rains were mostly along the nation's Pacific coast, especially in Guanacaste Province. Many reports of flooding and landslides happened nationwide, 12 rivers saw higher levels, making questions of more flooding, and 26 people had to evacuate in Corredores and Parrita. In southern Costa Rica, a landslide on a house killed two people, a Costa Rican woman and an American man. Damage while the storm was alive in the nation was almost ₡10 billion (US$16.5 million).

The National Civil Protection System in Panama, Sinaproc, said that 200 homes were damaged by rainfall, maybe because of Eta. The highway that connects the province of Chiriquí with Bocas del Toro collapsed near Hornito, blocking the passage of vehicles in both directions. Flooding in Panama's Chiriqui province, near the Costa Rica border killed 19 people. Farming-related damage loss was estimated at US$11 million.

Communities along the Macal and Mopan rivers in western Belize experienced bad flooding due to Hurricane Eta. Residents near the sea in San Ignacio had to be evacuated from their homes.

At least 27 people died as heavy rains because of Eta caused streams and rivers to be full. Over 80,000 people were affected in the Mexican states of Chiapas and Tabasco by rains of Hurricane Eta and a cold front. In the Chiapas highlands, more than 2000 homes were destroyed. In San Cristóbal de las Casas, many neighborhoods were damaged by the flooding Amarillo and Fogótico rivers. An increase of a lot of water at the Peñitas Dam made evacuation plans. In Tabasco, more than 10 rivers overflowed their banks.

Eta brushed by the Cayman Islands just as it intensified back into a tropical storm, producing major impacts across the islands with Grand Cayman being hit the hardest. Wave action off the coast caused minor flooding on the coasts. Downed trees and tree branches also resulted. Power outages became common across the islands with tropical-storm force winds causing damage to power lines.

Eta bought heavy rainfall in areas already dealing with overflowing rivers. Coastal zones in Cuba were also flooded and about 25,000 people were forced to evacuate.

The outer bands of Eta brought tropical storm-force gusts to South Florida beginning on November 7. A peak wind speed of 53 mph was reported in these outer bands near Dania Beach on November 7. Florida Power & Light reported just over 30,000 power outages in the Miami metropolitan area, including nearly 16,000 in Miami-Dade County alone. Overall, about 48,500 businesses and homes lost electricity throughout South Florida. Heavy rainfall also affected the region, with a peak total of in Miramar, while rain gauges in Davie, Hollywood, Pembroke Pines, and Sunrise measured more than of precipitation. Flooding occurred in Broward, northern Miami-Dade, and Monroe counties. One person was taken to hospital in South Florida after being rescued from flooded roads. In Brickell, recently installed storm water pumps to deal with tidal flooding and storms helped clear the flood water from the rain and high tide event. One of the state's largest COVID-19 testing sites, at Hard Rock Stadium in Miami Gardens, was flooded.

On November 11, a sailboat became lodged partially underneath the Matlacha Bridge, causing the bridge to be temporarily closed thus cutting off transportation to and from Pine Island. Around the same area two other boats sank due to turbulent surf caused by the storm and a dock at the Bridgewater Inn floated away. A man died in Bradenton Beach when he was electrocuted by an appliance in standing water caused by the storm and a firefighter was injured as he tried to access the home. Flooding in Pinellas County caused 33 people to be rescued by the Pinellas County Sheriff Office from homes and roadways and in Gulfport, five sailboats became unanchored and ran aground or were pushed up against a seawall. Losses statewide were estimated at US$1 billion.

Officially, Eta made two landfalls in Florida - it hit the central part of the Florida Keys late Sunday, November 7, and made landfall again at about 4 a.m. Thursday, November 10, near Cedar Key, roughly 130 miles north of Tampa.

Moisture from Eta combined with a cold front moving eastward across the Eastern United States, generating extremely heavy rainfall across Virginia and the Carolinas. At least eleven people were killed due to flooding in the Carolinas, including a child, while over 33 people were rescued in a flooded campground. In Charlotte, North Carolina, more than 140 people were rescued from a school when floodwaters reached the first-floor windows. In Raleigh, North Carolina, multiple car accidents occurred due to slick roads. All lanes of Interstate 95 near the city were closed due to flooding. Over of rain fell in some areas of North and South Carolina.


John R. Dunne

John Richard Dunne (January 28, 1930 – November 1, 2020) was an American Republican politician and lawyer. He was born in Baldwin, New York. 

He was a member of the New York State Senate from 1966 to 1989. From 1990 to 1994, he was the Assistant United States Attorney General for the Civil Rights Division. 

Dunne died on November 1, 2020 at the age of 90.

Baldwin, Nassau County, New York

Baldwin is a hamlet and census-designated place (CDP) located in the town of Hempstead in Nassau County, New York, United States. The population was 33,919 at the 2020 census.

Roy Edwards (politician)

Roy Edwards (May 27, 1954November 2, 2020) was an American politician. He was a member of the Republican Party. From 2015 until his death, he was a member of the Wyoming House of Representatives. Edwards was born in Gillette, Wyoming. 

Edwards died in office on November 2, 2020 in Casper, Wyoming one day before his re-election date, aged 66.

Anthony Van Dyck (horse)

Anthony Van Dyck (19 May 2016 – 3 November 2020) was an Irish Thoroughbred racehorse. He was best known for winning the 2019 Epsom Derby. He was a top-class two-year-old in 2018 when he won three of his seven races including the Tyros Stakes and the Futurity Stakes.

He finished second in the National Stakes and third in the Dewhurst Stakes. He won the Derby Trial Stakes on his three-year-old debut before taking the Epsom Derby on 1 June. 

He was placed in the Irish Derby, Irish Champion Stakes and Breeders' Cup Turf. He remained in training as a four-year-old in 2020. He was euthanised after breaking down in the 2020 Melbourne Cup on 3 November 2020 at the age of 4.

Tippecanoe and Tyler Too

"Tippecanoe and Tyler Too", originally published as "Tip and Ty", was a popular and influential campaign song of the Whig Party's Log Cabin Campaign in the 1840 United States presidential election. 

Its lyrics supported the Whig candidates William Henry Harrison (the "hero of Tippecanoe") and John Tyler. The song also criticized incumbent Democrat Martin Van Buren. 

Battle of Tippecanoe

The Battle of Tippecanoe ( ) was fought on November 7, 1811 in Battle Ground, Indiana between American forces led by Governor William Henry Harrison of the Indiana Territory and forces associated with Shawnee leader Tecumseh and his brother Tenskwatawa.

As tensions and violence increased, Governor Harrison marched with an army of about 1,000 men to attack the confederacy's headquarters at Prophetstown, near the confluence of the Tippecanoe River and the Wabash River.

Tenskwatawa

Tenskwatawa ( (also called Tenskatawa, Tenskwatawah, Tensquatawa or Lalawethika) (January 1775 – November 1836) was a Native American religious and political leader of the Shawnee. He was known as the Prophet or the Shawnee Prophet. 

He was a younger brother of Tecumseh, a leader of the Shawnee. In his early years Tenskwatawa was given the name Lalawithika ("He Makes a Loud Noise", "The Noise Maker", or "The Rattle") by the Red Sticks, a faction of the Muscogee.

He fought in the Battle of Tippecanoe.

Lalawethika was born in Old Piqua to Puckenshinwa and Methoataske. Puckenshinwa died in the battle of Fallen Timbers and Methoataske left the family in 1779. Lalawethika was raised by his older sister Tecumpease. He lost his right eye in a hunting accident. Under the teachings of Penagashea he trained to be a medicine man but he failed and turned to alcoholism. He was considered an outcast of the town.

Judge Reinhold

Edward Ernest "Judge" Reinhold Jr. (born May 21, 1957) is an American actor, singer and filmmaker. He is known for his roles in "Ruthless People", "Fast Times at Ridgemont High", "Gremlins", and "", and both trilogies for "Beverly Hills Cop" and "The Santa Clause".

Trauna River tree frog

The Trauna River tree frog ("Litoria oenicolen") is a frog from Papua New Guinea. Scientists saw it in Western Highlands Province.

Some scientists say this frog is related to Arfakiana tree frog and other scientists say it is related to Pratt's tree frog.

2024 Winter Youth Olympics

The 2024 Winter Youth Olympics is officially known as the IV Winter Youth Olympic Games (; ). The common name is Gangwon 2024. It will be the fourth edition of the Winter Youth Olympics. The Winter Youth Olympics is an international sports, education and cultural festival for teenagers. It will take place between 19 January and 2 February 2024 in Gangwon, South Korea. The host city was announced at the 135th IOC Session on 10 January 2020. The meeting is held at the SwissTech Convention Center in Lausanne, Switzerland. This was during the 2020 Winter Youth Olympics. This is the first Olympic event with the new bidding process. This will also be the first Winter Youth Olympic Games to be held outside of Europe.

Gangwon was the only preferred host. Other cities such as Brașov, Granada, and Sofia were interested to hold the competition but was not preferred. They held talks with IOC and the Future Host Commission. Gangwon was officially chosen during 135th IOC Session in Lausanne, Switzerland on 10 January 2020.

Pyeongchang (in Gangwon) was chosen as host of the 2024 Winter Youth Olympics. This was announced on 10 January 2020 at the 135th IOC Session in Lausanne, Switzerland. The city meets all of the requirements set by the IOC and Executive Board. 82 members were eligible to vote.

Most of the venues of the 2018 Winter Olympics and Paralympics will be used again. Most of the outdoor snow events will be held in the county of Pyeongchang. Some indoor ice events will be held in the nearby city of Gangneung. Wonsan city in North Korea will also hold some events after discussions with North Korea. Wonsan can possibly host some of the alpine events.

The Alpensia Sports Park in Daegwallyeong-myeon, Pyeongchang will be the main venue of the games. 


There will be another outdoor venue at Bongpyeong-myeon, Pyeongchang:


One other venue for outdoor sports will be in neighboring Jeongseon county:


Gangneung Olympic Park is located in the neighborhood of Gyo-dong. The neighbourhood is in Gangneung city. The park includes four indoor sports venues. All four venues are close to one another.




Allu Arjun

Allu Arjun (born 8 April 1983) is an Indian movie actor. He mainly works in Telugu cinema. He is known for dancing skills. He has won five Filmfare Awards South and three Nandi Awards.

He made his debut in "Gangotri" (2003). Allu appeared in "Arya" (2004). It was directed by Sukumar. He won the Nandi Special Jury Award for his role. In next years, he acted in movies like "Bunny" (2005), "Happy" (2006) and "Desamuduru" (2007).

Allu won his first Filmfare Awards South as Filmfare Award for Best Actor – Telugu. He won the award for "Parugu" (2008). His later movies, "Arya 2" (2009), "Vedam" (2010), "Varudu" (2010) and "Badrinath" (2011), were a flop at the box office. He acted as Gona Ganna Reddy in "Rudhramadevi" (2015). He won the Filmfare Award for Best Supporting Actor and Nandi Award for Best Character Actor for his role.

He achieved success with movies like "Race Gurram" (2014), "Sarrainodu" (2016) and "Duvvada Jagannadham" (2017). Each movie earned more than 100 crore at the box office. He worked with director Trivikram Srinivas three times. Allu worked with him in "Julayi" (2012), "S/O Satyamurthy" (2015) and "Ala Vaikunthapurramuloo" (2020). All three are successful. The last movie earned more than 262 crore at the box office.

Allu Arjun was born on 8 April 1983 in Madras (present-day Chennai). His father Allu Aravind is a movie producer. His mother is Nirmala. His paternal grandfather was the movie comedian Allu Ramalingaiah. His paternal aunt is married to Chiranjeevi.

On 6 March 2011, He married Sneha Reddy in Hyderabad. They have a son named Allu Ayaan and a daughter named Allu Arha. In 2016, Allu started a nightclub named 800 Jubilee. He started a night club in partnership with M Kitchens and Buffalo Wild Wings.

He acted as a child artist in "Vijetha" and as a dancer in "Daddy". Allu made his adult debut in "Gangotri". Allu then appeared in Sukumar's comedy "Arya". His role in Arya was his success. The movie was a critical and commercial success.


National Union Party (United States)

The National Union Party was the name used by the Republican Party and others for the national ticket in the 1864 presidential election that was held during the Civil War. For the most part, state Republican parties did not change their name. The name was used to attract War Democrats and border states, Unconditional Unionists and Unionist Party members who would not vote for the Republican Party. The party nominated incumbent Republican President Abraham Lincoln and for Vice President Democrat Andrew Johnson, who were elected in an electoral landslide.


Yellow pond turtle

The Yellow pond turtle ("Mauremys mutica") is a medium-sized turtle which can grow up to 19.5 cm long. It belongs to the family Geoemydidae. It is a semi-aquatic species. This species of turtle has a wide yellow stripe starting from behind the eye and down the neck. 

The yellow pond turtle is found in East Asia. The places it can be found includes central Vietnam, coastal provinces of south and central China. There are some other populations of the turtle that are separate from the rest of the species. These can be found in Taiwan, Hainan, Ryukyu Islands, and Japan. The Japanese populations are thought to come from Taiwan.

This species lives in ponds, creeks, swamps and marshes. It can be found in shallow, slow moving water. It is omnivorous. The main food for the turtle are insects, fish, tadpoles, leaves and seeds. The yellow pond turtle generally remains in or close to water during the day. It is usually more active at night. It usually goes onto land when it rains.

"Mauremys mutica kami" is one of the subspecies. It is currently found in the Ryukyu Islands. There are several hybrid Asian pond turtles species. They were first described as new species but later found out as hybrid species. Fujian pond turtles ("Mauremys iversoni") are hybrid species mainly produced in Chinese turtle farms. They are produced when female yellow pond turtles and male golden coin turtles ("Cuora trifasciata") mates.

"Clemmys guangxiensis" is a hybrid species that came from the mating of "Mauremys mutica" and the Fujian pond turtle.

The yellow pond turtle is threatened with extinction. The population in China eats the most amount of turtles in the world. This trading of turtles is the greatest threat to Asian turtles including "M. mutica". The turtles are also used in traditional Chinese medicine. There are also turtles kept as pets but are later killed or abandoned. Water pollution can also cause some habitats of the turtle be to gone. The IUCN considers" M. mutica "an endangered species. It is listed in CITES Appendix II.

Moving Pictures (album)

Moving Pictures is the eighth album by Canadian rock band Rush. It was released on February 12, 1981. The band started to write and record songs for this album in August 1980 with co-producer Terry Brown. The album had shorter songs than their earlier albums. "Rolling Stone" called "Moving Pictures" Rush's biggest album.

Music critics in the 1980s liked "Moving Pictures". Music critics from later periods liked it too. It also made money for the record company, reaching number one in Canada and number 3 in the United States and the United Kingdom. It is Rush's highest-selling album in the United States. "Limelight," "Tom Sawyer" and "Vital Signs" were released as single songs during 1981, and the instrumental "YYZ" was nominated for a Grammy Award for Best Rock Instrumental. Rush then did a tour for the album from February to July 1981.

Yang Cheng-wu

Yang Cheng-wu (; born 26 June 1972) is a Kinmenese politician. He is the Magistrate of Kinmen County. He won the 2018 municipality election of the Republic of China. The municipality election for magistrate was held on 24 November 2018. He took office on 25 December 2018.

Yang has a bachelor's degree in economics from the Chinese Culture University. He also has a master's degree in business adminstration from the University of Westminster, United Kingdom.

Yang became a Legislative Yuan member after winning the 2016 general election. He represents the Kinmen County Constituency. He is the ninth Legislative Yuan member for Kinmen.

Yang asked for Taiwan's Ministry of Health and Welfare and Ministry of Transportation and Communications to better cooperate with each other. This was in August 2017. He want the ministries to cooperate in the building of a helipad. He also wants them to cooperate to buy a helicopter. This will allow Kinmen residents to get medical treatment in Taiwan.

In October 2017, Yang participated in a local Kinmen referendum. The referendum is on whether to build a casino in Kinmen. He oppose the building of the casino. He also supported the referendum results. The result is not to build the casino.

On 5 August 2018, Yang attended a ceremony to mark the first day of operation of a pipeline. The pipeline is from Mainland China to Kinmen. It allowed Kinmen to import water from Mainland China.

On 24 November 2018, Yang won the Kinmen County magistrate election. He defeated incumbent Chen Fu-hai.
Yang held his first official visit to Mainland China just about two month after he became magistrate. This visit is to help the Kinmen development. He led a group of officials from various departments of the county government to Quanzhou and Xiamen in Fujian. This is to promote the tourism and products of Kinmen.

On 12 August 2019, Yang, Penghu county Magistrate Lai Feng-wei and Lienchiang county Magistrate Liu Cheng-ying visited Beijing. They met with Taiwan Affairs Office Director Liu Jieyi requesting Mainland China government to stop banning Mainland Chinese tourists to the three counties. They were banned from travel as cross-strait relations were poor. The mainland government lifted the ban on 20 September 2019.

In late April 2020, Yang visited Wuqiu for the first time as magistrate. He stayed overnight on the island.

Litoria ollauro

Litoria ollauro is a frog from Papua New Guinea. It lives in the Owen Stanley Mountains.

Scientists say this frog is related to the black-dotted tree frog.

Spruce Knob

Spruce Knob is the highest elevated point of the U.S. state of West Virginia.

De Geer

De Geer is a noble family of Walloon origin. Members of the family lives in particular in Sweden and Netherlands. 


Sunflower sea star

"Pycnopodia helianthoides", commonly known as the sunflower sea star, is a large sea star found in the northeast Pacific.

Brigham Young (movie)

Brigham Young is a 1940 American romantic adventure drama movie directed by Henry Hathaway and starring Tyrone Power, Linda Darnell, Dean Jagger, Brian Donlevy, Jane Darwell, John Carradine, Mary Astor, Vincent Prince, Ann E. Todd, Moroni Olsen. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Mario &amp; Luigi: Bowser's Inside Story

Mario & Luigi: Bowser's Inside Story (also known as Mario & Luigi RPG 3: Bowser's Inside Story) is a game for the Nintendo DS released in 2009. It is the third game in the "Mario & Luigi" series, after "" for the Game Boy Advance and "" also released for the Nintendo DS. Unlike the previous installments, this game was not rereleased for the Wii U's Virtual Console. The game was remade for the Nintendo 3DS in Japan in December 2018 and worldwide in January 2019 titled Mario & Luigi: Bowser's Inside Story + Bowser Jr.'s Journey. This is the second "Mario & Luigi" series after "Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga" to have a remake.

Duce

Duce ( , ) is an Italian title, derived from the Latin word "dux" "leader", and a cognate of "duke". National Fascist Party leader Benito Mussolini was identified by Fascists as "Il Duce" ("The Leader") of the movement since the birth of the Fasci Italiani di Combattimento in 1919. In 1925 it became a reference to the dictatorial position of "Sua Eccellenza Benito Mussolini, Capo del Governo, Duce del Fascismo e Fondatore dell'Impero" (""His Excellency Benito Mussolini, Head of Government, Leader of Fascism and Founder of the Empire"").

2020 Winter Youth Olympics

The 2020 Winter Youth Olympic Games (; ; ; ), officially known as the III Winter Youth Olympic Games and commonly known as Lausanne 2020, was the third edition of the Winter Youth Olympics; a major international multi-sport event and cultural festival for teenagers was held in Lausanne, Switzerland, the home of the International Olympic Committee, between 9 and 22 January 2020.

By default, the table is ordered by the number of gold medals the athletes from a nation have won (in this context, a "nation" is an entity represented by a National Olympic Committee). The number of silver medals is taken into consideration next and then the number of bronze medals. If nations are still tied, equal ranking is given and they are listed alphabetically.

In the Boys' combined event in alpine skiing, two gold medals were awarded for a first place tie. No silver medal was awarded for the event. In the Boys' monobob on bobsleigh,also two gold medals were awarded for a first place tie,and no silver medal was awarded.

<onlyinclude>
</onlyinclude>

Vic Mensa

Victor Kwesi Mensah (born June 6, 1993), known professionally as Vic Mensa, is an American rapper and singer. Mensa's debut single "Down on My Luck" was released in June 2014 by Virgin EMI. His debut studio album "The Autobiography" was released in July 2017.

Victor Kwesi Mensah was born on June 6, 1993. His father is from Ghana and his mother is American. Mensa grew up in the Hyde Park neighborhood of Chicago. He attended Whitney M. Young Magnet High School. While a freshman there, he met Chancelor Bennett.

Mensa began his career when he formed a band called Kids These Days in 2009. The band would eventually release two projects, an extended play titled "Hard Times" in 2011, and a mixtape titled "Traphouse Rock" in 2012.

Following the band's split up in May 2013, Mensa performed with Gorillaz frontman Damon Albarn at Albarn's 2014 performance at the Governors Ball Music Festival, where he performed the track "Clint Eastwood", filling in for MC Del the Funky Homosapien. When announcing a tour for 2015, Mensa said that he has plans to collaborate with Albarn sometime in the near future.

On September 18, 2013, it was announced that Mensa would be joining J. Cole and Wale on the What Dreams May Come Tour. Mensa released his first mixtape, "Innanetape", on September 30, 2013.

Following the end of the What Dreams May Come Tour, he toured Europe with Danny Brown for the beginning of February 21, 2014 until their ending on March 8. To cap off his rise to stardom, Mensa was chosen to be on the cover of "XXL" for the Freshman Class of 2014. Mensa's first single "Down on My Luck" was serviced to urban contemporary radio in the United Kingdom on May 12, 2014. On the same day, the music video for the song was released. It was performed and produced with Dimetri Hogan. "Down on My Luck" was then released for digital download in international markets on June 6, 2014, by Virgin EMI Records.

On February 12, 2015, Kanye West debuted a song, titled "Wolves" at his Adidas Originals showcase. The song featured Mensa himself, along with Sia. Mensa later performed "Wolves" alongside West and Sia on Saturday Night Live's 40th Anniversary Celebration three days later. Mensa would later release an official collaboration with Kanye West, titled "U Mad" on April 10. Eleven days later, Roc Nation announced that Vic had signed to its label. A video of Mensa signing the deal alongside Jay-Z backstage at his On the Run Tour in Chicago was released on Tidal. Later on in 2015, Mensa received a nomination for Best Rap Song at the 58th Grammy Awards as a songwriter for co-writing Kanye West's single "All Day".

On February 8, 2016, it was announced that Mensa, along with Travis Scott and ILoveMakonnen, will be a part of Alexander Wang's "WANGSQUAD" campaign. On February 19, Mensa released a single, titled "No Chill" through iTunes with Skrillex. It was produced by Skrillex and Jahlil Beats. Mensa's collaboration on Kanye West's "Wolves" was released after West updated the album's Tidal track list off his seventh studio album "The Life of Pablo" with a reworked version of "Wolves". The album included previously removed guest vocals from Mensa and Sia, and separated Frank Ocean's vocals into a separate track on March 16, 2016.

On June 3, 2016, Vic Mensa released his second extended play titled "There's Alot Going On". With only one guest feature from Ty Dolla Sign, the EP tackled issues such as the Flint water crisis, the shooting of Laquan McDonald, and self-inflicted wounds. Mensa's EP debuted at number 127 on the US "Billboard 200" chart.

He has performed as the opening act during Justin Bieber's Purpose World Tour in Europe.

Leading up to the release of Mensa's first studio album, he released his third extended play "The Manuscript" on June 8, 2017. Three days later, Mensa announced and revealed the album's title of his first studio album titled "The Autobiography". Mensa would release the lead single "Wings" featuring Pharrell Williams and Saul Williams on July 13. "The Autobiography" was released on July 28, 2017, through Roc Nation. The album featured guest appearances from Weezer, Syd, The-Dream, Chief Keef, Joey Purp, Pharrell Williams, Saul Williams, Ty Dolla Sign, and Pusha T. The album debuted at number 27 on the US "Billboard 200" chart with first-week sales of 15,000 copies first week.

Mensa later released his fourth extended play "Hooligans" on December 14, 2018. The extended play was supported by the singles: "Reverse" featuring G-Eazy and "Dark Things".

In January 2019, Mensa formed a punk rock and rap band named 93Punx. They later released a cover of The Cranberries song "Zombie". 93Punx later released their first single, "Camp America", featuring children in cages in an ICE-inspired video. Their self-titled album was released on August 23, 2019.

Mensa returned in August 2020 with his first single of the year, "No More Teardrops", featuring Malik Yusef and Wyatt Waddell, a song tackling police brutality, street crime, corruption and the prison system. The song appeared on Roc Nation's upcoming compilation album "Reprise". Mensa would later release his fifth extended play, "V Tape", on August 21, 2020. It features appearances from Snoh Alaegra, Saint Jhn, BJ the Chicago Kid, Peter Cottontale and Eryn Allen Kayne.




Nancy Darsch

Nancy Darsch (December 29, 1951 – November 2, 2020) was an American women's basketball coach. She worked at both the professional and Division I college levels. She was born in Plymouth, Massachusetts. She coached the Olympic champion national team at the 1996 Summer Olympics.

Darsh died on November 2, 2020 in Plymouth from Parkinson's disease-related problems, aged 68.

Abdul Rashid

Rashid Junior (left) and Dhyan Chand
Abdul Rashid (3 March 1947 – 4 November 2020) known as Rashid Junior was a Pakistani field hockey player. He played in center-forward position. He was born in Bannu, Pakistan. He won a gold medal in the 1968 Summer Olympics, a silver medal in the 1972 Summer Olympics and a bronze medal in the 1976 Summer Olympics.

Rashid died on 4 November 2020 at the age of 73.

Don Talbot

Donald Malcolm Talbot AO, OBE, (23 August 1933 – 3 November 2020) was an Australian Olympic swimming coach and sport administrator. He coached national teams for Canada, the United States and Australia.

Talbot died on 3 November 2020 at the age of 87.

Taymi Chappe

Taymi Chappe (11 September 1968 – 3 November 2020) was a Spanish fencer. She competed in the women's individual épée event at the 1996 Summer Olympics. She won gold in women's épée at the 1990 World Championships under the Cuban flag. She won a team gold at the 1994 World Championships and a bronze medal at the 1997 World Fencing Championships. Chappe was born in Havana.

Chappe died on 3 November 2020, aged 52.

John Sessions

John Gibb Marshall (11 January 1953 – 2 November 2020), better known by the stage name John Sessions, was a British actor and comedian. He was known for comedy television shows such as "Whose Line Is It Anyway?". He was a panellist on "QI".

Sessions died of a heart attack at his South London home on 2 November 2020, aged 67.

Max Ward (aviator)

Maxwell "Max" William Ward, (22 November 1921 – 2 November 2020) was a Canadian aviator. He was the founder of Wardair Airlines, at one time, the third-largest air carrier in Canada.

Ward died on 2 November 2020 in Edmonton, Alberta at the age of 98.


Baron Wolman

Baron Wolman (June 25, 1937 – November 2, 2020) was an American photographer. He was best known for his work in the late 1960s for the music magazine "Rolling Stone". He was the magazine's first Chief Photographer from 1967 until late 1970. He was born in Columbus, Ohio.

Wolman died on November 2, 2020 from problems caused by ALS in Santa Fe, New Mexico at the age of 83.

Debra Doyle

Debra Doyle (November 30, 1952 – October 31, 2020) was an American author. Many of her works were science fiction, fantasy, and mystery, for young adults. Her works were co-written with her husband, James D. Macdonald. Their novel "Knight's Wyrd" was awarded the Mythopoeic Fantasy Award for Children's Literature in 1992 and appeared on the New York Public Library Books for the Teen Age list in 1993. 

Dyole died of cardiac arrest on October 31, 2020 at the age of 67.

Gennady Bukharin

Gennady Ivanovich Bukharin (; 16 March 1929 – 3 November 2020) was a Russian Soviet sprint canoeist. He won the individual 1000 m and 10,000 m events at the 1958 World Championships and placed third in both at the 1956 Olympics. He was born in Rybnaya Sloboda, Tatarstan, Russia.

Bukharin died on 3 November 2020 at the age of 91.

Maria Elvira Salazar

Maria Elvira Salazar (born November 1, 1961) is an American journalist, broadcast television anchor and politician. She is a member of the United States House of Representatives from Florida's 27th congressional district since 2021.

As a journalist, she worked for the Spanish-language network Telemundo for thirty years as a news anchor for Miami-based Mega TV. She has also worked for CNN en Español and Univision. 

She was the Republican nominee for Florida's 27th congressional district in 2018, losing the general election to Donna Shalala. Salazar and Shalala faced off again in the 2020 general election, and Salazar won.

2022 United States Senate elections

The 2022 United States Senate elections were held on November 8, 2022. Thirty-five of one hundred seats in the United States Senate were contested in regular elections. The winners of these elections will do six-year terms from January 3, 2023 to January 3, 2029. Senators are divided into three groups, or classes. Class 3 Senators were last elected in 2016. Another set of Class 3 Senators were elected in 2022. 5 Republicans and 1 Democrat decided to retire before the elections.

After the elections, 51 members of the Senate will vote with the Democratic Party. 49 members of the Senate will vote with the Republican Party. This makes the Democrats the majority party. The Democratic Party gained one Senate seat, in Pennsylvania.

Wario Land II

Wario Land II (also known as Wario Land 2) is a video game. It was released in 1998 for the Game Boy and Game Boy Color. In 2012, it was also released for the Virtual Console of the Nintendo 3DS.

Wario Land 3

Wario Land 3 is a video game. It was released in 2000 for the Game Boy Color. In 2012, it was also released for the Virtual Console of the Nintendo 3DS.

Farmen

Farmen (The Farm) is a Norwegian & Swedish television programme that aired for the first time in 2001. It is a game show.
On "Farmen", the participants "go back in time" 100 years, meaning that they go to work on a pre-modern farm. They have to do different farm tasks each week.

At the end of the week the participants go through an elimination contest between two participants.

"Farmen" started with ordinary people as contestants but there has been a second program, "Farmen - Kjendis" (The Farm - Celebrities). The celebrity version has five seasons already after starting in 2017.


Kongsberg

Kongsberg is a town located in Buskerud county in Norway. Kongsberg has a population of 27.716 as of 2020.
The city of Kongsberg was founded in 1624 after the discovery of silver in the area. The population grew quickly due to the mining industry, and in 1749 Kongsberg was the largest town in Norway based on population.

Kongsberg was part of the county Buskerud until it merged with Akershus and Østfold to create the larger county Viken.

In 2021, five people were killed in a mass stabbing.

The Royal Norwegian Mint is located in Kongsberg, and is responsible for producing the Norwegian coins.


Porsgrunn

Porsgrunn is a city and a municipality in Telemark County in South-Eastern Norway. The city is divided into two parts by the river Skienselva. There is also a big industrial island called Herøya which is the back bone for the city.

['Porsgrunn porcelain factory' or] "Porsgrund porselænsfabrik" was established in 1885. The factory has been turned into a small shopping center with a gym and thousands of squarefeet of office spaces.
Area: 161 km

Population: 36224


Hønefoss

Hønefoss is a small city in the municipality of Ringerike. It is located in Buskerud, Norway.

The small city is a connecting point between several cities, with the local train station going to other cities like Bergen, Drammen, Oslo and Gjøvik.

The city is also known for its waterfalls, with the Oppgangssaga in the middle of the falls.

Economy: the shopping mall is "Kuben". 

Hønefoss used to be a industry town, transferring wood with the river. The trees were sent down the river. 

Follum Factory was also one of the biggest industries in Hønefoss, being a paper producing factory. Many of the Follum buildings have now been torn down, or are used for other purposes.

Hønefoss has several sports teams. 

One of the most known sports teams is HBK, Hønefoss Ballklubb, which is the football team. HBK has been in the first division many times, but has also dropped down several times.

Another sports team is Ringerike Panthers, the hockey team. Panthers was in the GET league for a short period of time, before they dropped out of the leauge and down to the first division.

HBBK, Hønefoss Basketballklubb was founded by Svein Roger Eriksen and Ola Gravem Knutsen in November 1986. The team has been hosting a school cup every year since 2014, collaborating with Hønefoss Sparebank, one of the major banks in the city. The women's team have been in the elite series for four seasons.

Borre

Borre is a small town in Horten municipality, Vestfold county. Around 1056 (2013) lives there.

Borre was a center of power during the Viking age, and is mentioned in Snorre Sturlason's "Heimskringla".

Borre and Horten was originally one town, but was divided in 1857. In 1988 the two towns was joined under the municipality Borre, but was changed to Horten in 2002.

Skien

Skien is a city and a municipality in Telemark, Norway. Skien is the capital of Telemark county. Skien has a population of 55 079.

Skien is located in the South-East of Telemark. The closest city to Skien is Porsgrunn. Together Skien and Porsgrunn is the seventh largest urban area in Norway. Skienselva is a river flowing through the city, dividing Skien in half.



Mehamn

Mehamn is a small town north in Norway. In 2020, the population in Mehamn was 761 people. Mehamn is the administration center in the municipality of Gamvik. 

The town has both an airport and a harbor where Hurtigruten docks. 

Mehamn is located north in Norway. It is part of the municipality that lies the furthest north on the mainland of Norway. The municipality borders the municipality of Berlevåg and Tana in the southeast, the municipality of Lebesby in the west, the Tanafjord in the east and the Barents Sea in the north.

Larvik

Larvik is a city and municipality in Norway. The municipality lies within the county Vestfold. It has a population of 47,440.

Kaupang in Skiringssal is an archaeological site where the remains of an ancient town was discovered. It is now known as the oldest known merchant town in Norway.

Farris is a brand of mineral water produced in Larvik, and is Norway's oldest bottled-water.


Kragerø

Kragerø is a town and municipality in Telemark County in Norway. Kragerø is a popular vacation destination for Norwegians because of its beautiful coast and many islands. 

The city of Kragerø lies the furthest south in the county of Telemark. The municipality contains a total of 495 islands and many reefs that attract tourists. Popular islands include Skåtøy, Gumøy, Bærøy, Tåtøy and Jomfruland. The island Jomfruland was made into a national park in 2016 which means that tourists have to be careful to take care of the nature on and around the island.

Tourism is a big part of Kragerø and is responsible for most of the towns income. The town is not attractive only for Norwegians but people from all over the world travel to Kragerø to witness the beautiful blue waters and many islands the municipality has to offer. The towns population is four times higher during the summer than the rest of the year due to the tourists that visit. Many Norwegian tourists that visit own a cottage or small house somewhere in Kragerø, often on one of the islands. These tourists usually have boats to get to the mainland, but there are also many ferries that drive between the mainland and the biggest islands daily.

Famous painter Edvard Munch thought the town was so pretty that he called it "The Pearl of the Coastal Towns". Munch drew many paintings in Kragerø, among them his famous painting "Solen" which pictures the setting sun in Kragerø.


Peppered pinocchio tree frog

The peppered pinocchio tree frog ("Litoria pronimia") is a frog from New Guinea. It lives in both Papua New Guinea and Indonesia. Scientists saw it in the hills and forests on the south side of the Central Cordillera mountains. They saw it between 200 and 1150 meters above sea level.

Scientists say this frog is related to the black-dotted tree frog.

Litoria scabra

Litoria scabra is a frog from Indonesia. It lives in streams in the Waponga River where the water flows very quickly.

Daegwallyeong-myeon

Daegwallyeong-myeon (Korean: 대관령면; Hanja: 大關嶺面) is a myeon (township) in the county of Pyeongchang. Daegwallyeong-myeon is located in northeastern part of Pyeongchang. Pyeongchang is in the province of Gangwon-do, South Korea. The population was 6,162 people in 2008. The myeon was named Doam-myeon (Korean: 도암면; Hanja: 道岩面) until 2007. Daegwallyeong-myeon is named after the important mountain pass of Daegwallyeong. It has the coldest average temperature in South Korea.

Daegwallyeong-myeon is originally part of the Gangneung city. It was transferred to Jeongseon county in 1906. It then became part of Pyeongchang county in 1931. The original name was Doam-myeon. It was then renamed to Daegwanryeong-myeon after the Daegwallyeong pass that connects Gangneung with this location. This results in Gangneung being more connected to Daegwallyeong-myeon than the rest of Pyeongchang. 

There are 21 administrative divisions in Daegwallyeong-myeon. The 21 divisions are as follows:
Daegwallyeong-myeon has a temperate climate. The average temperature is 8 degrees Celsius. The warmest month is August, at around 20 degree Celsius. The coldest month is January. The temperatures can reach minus 6 degrees Celsius. The average rainfall is around 1530 millimetres a year. The wettest month is July. The rainfall is around 330 millimeters in July. The month with the lowest rainfall is December. In December, around 40 millimeters of rain is recorded. 

There are several attractions in Daegwallyeong-myeon, some of the major ones are listed below. 


Pyeongchang was selected as host of the 2024 Winter Youth Olympics on 10 January 2020. It was confirmed that Daegwallyeong-myeon will also host a major part of the event. The facilities of the 2018 Winter Olympics will be reused for the 2024 Winter Youth Olympics. They will likely host the same sporting events and ceremonies. 

Borbaad

Borbaad is an Indian Bengali language film directed by Raj Chakraborty and debut starring Indraneil Sengupta's nephew Bonny Sengupta and Rittika Sen in lead roles. Trailer of this film was released on 6 June 2014. The film released on 15 August 2014. The film is a remake of Tamil movie Polladavan .

Joy,a worthless chap whose ambition in life is to buy a bike so that he can impress Nandini. While his life improves after he buys the bike as he lands a job soon after, trouble starts soon after, when his bike gets stolen. He starts getting into an altercation with Imran, the younger brother of Akram, the local don, who is extremely hot headed than his elder brother. However the elder brother never harms elderly people or people other than target and only targets people like him. How Joy manages to keep up his rivalry with Imran and yet come out unscathed till the end and retrieves his bike is what the story is all about.


Samurai Jack (character)

Samurai Jack is the titular protagonist of the Cartoon Network/Adult Swim television series created by Genndy Tartakovsky. He is voiced by Phil LaMarr.

A Japanese prince to the Emperor after the Emperor banished Aku to the Pit of Hate. As a young boy, he left his kingdom once Aku enslaved it. The boy grew older and encountered Aku. The prince was sent to the distant future and met a trio of street aliens that nicknamed him "Jack" as in friend. He adopted it as his name. Jack realized he got sent to the distant future and has encountered dozens of solutions to go back to the past and stop Aku from creating a dystopian future.
Fifty years have passed since the last time portal was destroyed by Aku. Jack gained a beard and didn't age.

WarioWare: Touched!

WarioWare: Touched! is a minigame collection video game created by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS. It is part of the Wario series, and it is the fourth WarioWare game. It was released in 2004 in Japan and in 2005 in North America and Europe.

The player can unlock other characters like the disco loving and large blue wig wearing Jimmy. T and the cyborg scientist Dr. Crygor. Each character has a special assortment of games, (except for wario and a few others which serve the purpose of mixing games) and special introductory story. The character Mike, a blue Karaoke robot built by Dr. Crygor, was introduced for this game, and all of his games use the built in microphone on the Nintendo DS for control. Feeding garlic to wario turns him into "Wario-Man" and unlocks new games, including knocking over dominoes as a Wario figure or stopping a spinning gear with an egg with Wario's face on it to make the egg fall. The player can change him back into regular Wario by feeding him a bomb item.


Red Dragon (movie)

Red Dragon is a 2002 crime thriller movie based on the book of the same name. It was directed by Brett Ratner with Anthony Hopkins returning for the role of Hannibal Lecter and Edward Norton as Dr. Will Graham.



Sonic Heroes

Sonic Heroes is a 2003 3D platform video game that is an entry to the "Sonic the Hedgehog" franchise. It was the first multi-platform title in the series, released for the PlayStation 2, Xbox, Nintendo GameCube, and later Windows.

Players can play as one of four teams of three characters. One of them has speed, the second has flight and the third has power. Team Rose goes for an easier direction, Team Sonic goes for the full level, Team Dark goes for a more difficult mission and Team Chaotix gets their own missions for levels. The bonus levels can let the player collect all seven Chaos Emeralds to unlock the secret final boss after completing the four team playthroughs.

Dr. Eggman has sent Sonic and his friends a warning that he will conquer the world with his army. Rouge the Bat and E-123 Omega encounter a somehow resurrected Shadow the Hedgehog. Amy Rose teams up with Cream the Rabbit and Big the Cat to find Chocola the Chao and Froggy. Vector the Crocodile and the rest of his team got a walkie talkie from a client who can pay them. The four of the teams have defeated Dr. Eggman until Team Chaotix figured out from the real Dr. Eggman that Metal Sonic is the true villain. Metal Sonic has copied data of his enemies to become Neo Metal Sonic.

The game has had mixed to positive reviews. Many loved how the game went through the Sega Genesis roots. The game would be referenced in future entries such as Sonic Generations.

The PlayStation 2 version was later rereleased on the PlayStation 3 in Japan and Europe as part of the PS2 Classics line.

Shadow the Hedgehog (video game)

Shadow the Hedgehog is a 2005 video game. It is a 3D platform game. The game is a spin-off to the "Sonic the Hedgehog" games. It was released for the Nintendo GameCube, PlayStation 2 and Xbox. The game was developed by Sonic Team.

Players play the game as Shadow the Hedgehog. The actions of the player choose the overall story of the gam. If he does more good actions, he can cause Chaos Control. If he does more evil actions, he can cause Chaos Blast. Shadow can drive in vehicles and use guns he can get from enemies such as the Black Arms and G.U.N.

Shadow the Hedgehog was sent by the leader of the Black Arms, Black Doom to find the 7 Chaos Emeralds. Black Doom wants Shadow to give the emeralds to him. Shadow has forgotten everything about himself. He decides to get the Chaos Emeralds so that he will remember who he is. The game has ten endings. In each ending, Shadow has collected the Chaos Emeralds and learns who he is. Once the ten endings are over, a secret ending can be unlocked. Shadow refuses to give the Chaos Emeralds to Black Doom. He learns that Black Doom is his father. Black Doom spreads nerve gas towards Shadow's friends and becomes Devil Doom. Shadow becomes Super Shadow and must defeat Devil Doom.

The game was not well liked by critics. Many did not like the game because of the profanity, gun violence and aliens. Some liked the fact that the game was good to play many times due to it many endings. The PlayStation 2 version is known for having more problems. These are the same problems seen with the PlayStation 2 port of "Sonic Heroes".

Darth Plagueis

Darth Plagueis is a Sith in the "Star Wars" universe. He was the teacher of Palpatine. He was first mentioned in "" by Palpatine to Anakin Skywalker and became a character in various novels.

Darth Plagueis the Wise was a feared Sith Lord who wanted to bring people back to life, including his own. He was killed in his sleep by his apprentice, Darth Sidious.

After the release of Revenge of the Sith, the Tragedy of Darth Plagueis the Wise became one of the most memorable scenes of the "Star Wars" prequel trilogy.

Bruce Wayne (The Dark Knight Trilogy)

Batman is the main hero of "The Dark Knight Trilogy" and based on the DC Comics character of the same name. He was played by Christian Bale in all three movies and in the video game based on "Batman Begins".

Bruce Wayne was playing a game of finder's keepers with Rachel Dawes until he landed on a bat cave. He was rescued by his father, Thomas Wayne. After attending an opera featuring bats, his parents were killed by Joe Chill. Bruce Wayne left Gotham City and moved to Asia. He started to train as a member of the League of Shadows until he learned of their plans toward Gotham. He returned to Gotham and became Batman. He has encountered Jonathan Crane/The Scarecrow who has been gassing people with fear toxin supplied by the League of Shadows.

Christian Bale's portrayal has been well-liked and compared to his predecessors Michael Keaton and Kevin Conroy. Some didn't like his raspy voice.

Spider-Man 2 (video game)

Spider-Man 2 is a 2004 action-adventure video game based on the 2004 movie "Spider-Man 2". Tobey Maguire, Kirsten Dunst and Alfred Molina return to voice in the game, with Bruce Campbell as the narrator.

Spidey can swing around New York wherever he wants. He can deliver pizza and do other side missions that don't relate to the movie and the game.

The game has had very positive signals, with the exception of the Windows port. It is considered one of the best Spider-Man games of all time and one of the best superhero games of the 2000s.

Spider-Man (2002 video game)

Spider-Man is a 2002 action-adventure video game based on the 2002 movie "Spider-Man". Tobey Maguire and Willem Dafoe return to voice in the game, with Bruce Campbell as the narrator.

Spidey can battle enemies on rooftops and enclosed areas. Once the game is first completed, it can unlock a second walkthrough as Harry Osborn with the Green Goblin armor.

Peter Parker decided to follow Spike, a gang member who killed Uncle Ben. After stopping Spike, Peter Parker became known as Spider-Man.

The game has had mixed to positive reviews. Some didn't like how it felt like a rehash of the 2000 game aside from celebrity voices returning and the movie's plot.

X-Men Legends

X-Men Legends is a 2004 action-adventure video game based on the "X-Men" comics and the first game of the "X-Men Legends" franchise. Patrick Stewart returns to voice in the game as Charles Xavier.

A team of up to four mutants can use abilities to defeat the Brotherhood of Mutants and other enemies.

The game has had very positive signals. It is considered one of the best superhero games of the 2000s.

X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse

X-Men Legends II: Rise of Apocalypse is a 2005 action-adventure video game based on the "X-Men" comics and the second game of the "X-Men Legends" franchise. Patrick Stewart returns to voice in the game as Charles Xavier. It is the only game of the series to have online multiplayer.

A team of up to four mutants including the Brotherhood of Mutants can use abilities to defeat Apocalypse's forces.

The game has had mixed to positive reviews. Critics loved the bigger roster.

Jak X: Combat Racing

Jak X: Combat Racing is a 2005 vehicular combat video game released by Naughty Dog for the PlayStation 2 as a part of the "Jak and Daxter" franchise.

Players can race in enclosed tracks, battle in domes or collect Precursor artifacts. Save data from the previous three Jak & Daxter games, and Daxter can be used to unlock bonus drivers and content. In the PlayStation 4 port, save data from the 2016 Ratchet & Clank game and Uncharted: The Nathan Drake Collection can be used to unlock the Deadlocked and Daxter bonus content.

At Kras City, Jak, Daxter and his pals have a toast from Rayn, Krew's daughter. They got a posthumous message from Krew revealing that he poisoned them and that an antidote can be found at the racing championship.

WarioWare: Smooth Moves

WarioWare: Smooth Moves is a 2006/2007 video game for the Wii.


Devil May Cry (video game)

Devil May Cry is the first video game in the series of "Devil May Cry". It was released on the PlayStation 2 on 2001.

Dante can use a melee weapon or a firearm towards enemies. He can collect blue orbs and purple orbs to upgrade his health and Devil Trigger meters.

Sparda, a demon had a half-demon son named Dante. Dante now takes care of a shop called Devil May Cry.

The game started as a 1999 prototype for "Resident Evil 4" but it got revamped after it was considered a game that isn't a part of Resident Evil.

The game was well-liked despite it's hard difficulty.

Devil May Cry 2

Devil May Cry 2 is the second video game in the series of "Devil May Cry". It was released on the PlayStation 2 on 2003.

Dante can use a melee weapon or a firearm towards enemies. He can collect blue orbs and purple orbs to upgrade his health and Devil Trigger meters. The game introduces the Bloody Palace gameplay mode, where the player can attack countless waves of enemies and bosses.

Interestingly, the game started development even before the first game was finished. It was even made by an entirely different development team in Capcom from the first game. It is said that Capcom started work on "Devil May Cry 2" without the first game's team even knowing about it. On top of all this, Capcom did not hire Hideki Kamiya (the first game's director), but hired a mystery director whose name was never shared outside of Capcom. Said director also had no experience directing before making "Devil May Cry 2". Since Capcom was disappointed with the inexperienced team's progress, Capcom fired the game's first director and hired the game's new director, Hideaki Itsuno. Itsuno would be the director the last five to four months before the game's release. Although the game still had worse reviews than in the first game, many people would argue that Itsuno made the game much better than it could have been under the first director. For this reason, Itsuno would be hired again as the director of the game's sequel, "". The game also had a lower difficulty as a response to complaints about the first game's difficulty.

The game had much worse reviews than the first game. People complained about things such as the game being too easy, having poorly designed mechanics, and having worse graphics from the first game. Despite this, the high sales resulted in an acclaimed prequel called "".

Trevor Slattery

Trevor Slattery is a fictional character created for the Marvel Cinematic Universe movie "Iron Man 3" and the 2014 Marvel One-Shot "All Hail the King". He posed as the Mandarin in the movie to prevent racist stereotypes towards East Asians. He was played by Ben Kingsley.

Trevor Slattery is a washed-up British actor handpicked by Aldrich Killian to fake the identity of the Mandarin of the Ten Rings.

Trevor Slattery is a fan-favorite but Marvel purists aren't happy that he isn't actually the Mandarin.

Ash Williams

Ashley Joanna Williams is the main protagonist of the "Evil Dead" franchise created by Sam Raimi and played by Bruce Campbell.

Ash Williams has read the text of the Necronomicon Ex Mortis and accidentally caused a Deadite to take control of his hand. He cut it off with a chainsaw and used a chainsaw as his second hand. He time traveled to the Middle Ages and wanted to get back to the present.

Ash Williams is considered one of the best horror movie heroes of all time.

Army of Darkness

Army of Darkness is a 1992 comedy horror movie directed by Sam Raimi and the third movie of the "Evil Dead" franchise.

Ash Williams wakes up in the Middle Ages and became a slave to the kingdom.


There was a filmed alternate ending where Ash drinks too many drops from a sleeping drink and wakes up in a ruined city. Universal wanted a happier ending where Ash returns to the present.

Evil Dead II

Evil Dead II is a 1987 comedy horror movie directed by Sam Raimi and the second movie of the "Evil Dead" franchise. It also serves as a remake of the first movie.

Ash Williams reads from the Necronomicon Ex-Mortis and summons Deadites, including one who takes over Ash's hand. He cuts it off with a chainsaw.


Melinda May

Melinda May is a Marvel Comics character that originated from the Marvel Cinematic Universe. She is an agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.

Melinda May has encountered an Inhuman at Bahrain and protected her. She was known as "The Cavalry" since then. She retired from the field until she was convinced by a resurrected Phil Coulson to return back to S.H.I.E.L.D.

Ming-Na Wen has played May in all her appearances in the MCU and other media.

Jacques Pereira

Jacques Pereira (3 February 1955 – 3 November 2020), known simply as Jacques, was a Portuguese professional footballer. He played as a striker. Pereira was born in Casablanca, Morocco. He made one appearance for the Portugal national football team in 1981. He also had a long career with Braga and FC Porto. His career lasted from 1970 to 1992.

Jacques died on 3 November 2020 in his home of Vila Real de Santo António, Portugal from heart failure at the age of 65.

Matt Tees

Matthew Tees (13 October 1939 – 4 November 2020) was a Scottish footballer. He played for Grimsby Town (two spells), Charlton Athletic and Luton Town before ending his career with Boston United in the Northern Premier League.

He died on 4 November 2020.

The Cat in the Hat (movie)

The Cat in the Hat is a 2003 American family comedy movie directed by Bo Welch and based on the Dr. Seuss book of the same name.


It is considered one of the worst movies based on a children's book due to Mike Myers' performance and the raunchy humor that isn't suitable for a kids movie.

The movie was going to have a sequel based on The Cat in the Hat Comes Back with Myers and Welch returning but Audrey Geisel banned future live-action movies based on her husband's book made.

DreamWorks Pictures acquired the film rights to the original Dr. Seuss book in December 1998. However, production did not officially start until after the 2000 Christmas/comedy movie "How the Grinch Stole Christmas", by Universal Pictures and Imagine Entertainment, both of whom also joined to finance, distribute and produce the film with DreamWorks, and based on another Dr. Seuss book of the same name, became a commercial success. Brian Grazer, the producer of "The Grinch", stated: "Because we grew up with these books, and because they have such universal themes and the illustrations ignite such fantasy in your mind as a child—the aggregation of all those feelings—it leaves an indelible, positive memory. And so when I realized I had a chance to convert first "The Grinch" and then, "The Cat in the Hat", into movies, I was willing to do anything to bring them to the screen." Grazer then contacted Bo Welch over the phone with the offer to direct the film, and he accepted. When production began, songs written by Randy Newman were dropped because they were deemed inferior; Newman's cousin, David, instead composed the score for the film. Although Welch and a publicist for Myers denied it, several people said Myers had considerable input into the film's direction by telling some of the cast (namely co-stars Baldwin and Preston) how to perform their scenes.

Tim Allen was originally considered for the role of the Cat. The script was initially based on a version of the original book's story conceived by Allen, who admitted that as a child he was afraid of Seuss' "mischievous feline babysitter"; "My dream is to give it the edge that scared me," stated Allen. However, the studio did not commission a screenplay until late February 2001, when Alec Berg, David Mandel and Jeff Schaffer (best known for being writers on the television series "Seinfeld") were hired by the studio to script the film (replacing the original draft of the film that was written a few years prior by Eric Roth), so the film would not be ready to shoot before the deadline. By this point, Allen was also committed to shooting Disney's "The Santa Clause 2", which was also delayed because Allen wanted a script rewrite. Due to scheduling conflicts with that film, he dropped out of the role. As a result, in March 2002 the role of the Cat was given to Mike Myers, whom Grazer had an argument with regarding a proposed film adaptation of Myers' "Saturday Night Live" sketch "Sprockets", which Myers cancelled in June 2000 after being dissatisfied with his own script for it. Myers stated in an interview that he was a long-time fan of the original Dr. Seuss book, and that it was the first book he ever read. In October 2002, Mike Myers, Dave Foley, Jay Kogen and Stephen Hibbert did an uncredited rewrites of the script.

Prior to filming, giant props for the film were stolen from the set; the local police found the props vandalized with graffiti in a shopping mall car park in Pomona, California. Despite this, no arrests had been made and filming was to start the next week. Principal photography took place mostly in California from October 7, 2002 to January 22, 2003. The neighborhood and the town center was filmed in a rural valley near Simi Valley, where 24 houses (each 26 feet square and 52 feet tall) were constructed. The downtown area outdoor shots were filmed along a Pomona street where a number of antique and gift shops are located. The community decided not to redecorate after filming ended, so the surreal paint scheme and some of the signage could still be seen today as it appears in the film. Because of so much smog in the area, the sky had to be digitally replaced with the cartoon-like sky and colors of the background had to be digitally fixed.

According to co-star Amy Hill, Myers was very difficult to work with on set, refusing to talk to anyone on the production (other than director Welch) and completely isolating himself from the cast and crew during breaks in the filming. She also noted that the film ended up having long and pointless retakes of scenes because Myers overruled Welch on whether they were good enough or not.

The soundtrack was released on November 18, 2003. Originally, Marc Shaiman was going to compose the score for the film, but due to Bruce Broughton already being chosen for the film score, Instead he wrote the film's songs with Scott Wittman. The soundtrack also features a song by Smash Mouth ("Getting Better"), which makes it the second Mike Myers-starring film in a row to feature a song by Smash Mouth, which makes it the third Mike Myers-starring film in a row to feature a song by Smash Mouth after "Shrek" and "Austin Powers in Goldmember". The trailer for the film uses a version of "Hey! Pachuco!" by the Royal Crown Revue. The soundtrack also includes two songs performed by Myers, who plays the Cat. Newman's score won a BMI Film Music Award.

The movie is set to have an animated reboot by Warner Bros.

Despite the reception, several internet memes based on the movie have become popular among fans who grew up with the movie.

Mariano Francisco Saynez Mendoza

Mariano Francisco Saynez Mendoza (20 September 1942 – 4 November 2020) was an admiral in the Mexican Navy. He was born in Veracruz, Veracruz. Saynez Mendoza was Secretary of Navy under President Felipe Calderón cabinet from 1 December 2006 to 30 November 2012.

Saynez Mendoza died on 4 November 2020 at the age of 78.

Jemma Simmons

Jemma Simmons is a Marvel Comics character that originated from the Marvel Cinematic Universe. She is a biochemical agent of S.H.I.E.L.D.

Jemma Simmons was recruited by Phil Coulson alongside Leo Fitz to help him for his faction of S.H.I.E.L.D.

Elizabeth Henstridge has played Simmons in all her appearances in the MCU and other media.

Wilton Daniel Gregory

Wilton Daniel Gregory (born December 7, 1947) is an American prelate of the Catholic Church who is the Archbishop of Washington. He was the Archbishop of Atlanta, from 2005 to 2019, the Bishop of Belleville, Illinois, from 1994 to 2004.

He was the Auxiliary Bishop of Chicago from 1983 to 1994. He was president of the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops (USCCB) from 2001 to 2004.

On October 25, 2020, Pope Francis announced he would raise him to the status of cardinal on November 28, 2020. He is the first African American Catholic Cardinal.

Fat Bastard

Fat Bastard is a fictional character played by Mike Myers in the "Austin Powers" movie series. He first appeared in 1999's "" as the secondary villain alongside Dr. Evil. He is a Scotsman who does Dr. Evil's work.

He likes eating anything in his path, including babies. In "Austin Powers in Goldmember", he became a sumo wrestler in Japan and eventually lost 180 pounds thanks to the Subway diet. He got some excess skin and that his neck resembled a human vagina.

Fat Bastard is considered a fan-favorite character who appeared in merchandise as "Fat Man".

Ahmed Best

Ahmed Best (born August 19, 1973) is an American actor known for portraying the motion capture and voice of Jar Jar Binks from the "Star Wars" franchise.

Since the release of "", Best was sad that a lot of people hated Jar Jar Binks. This almost caused him to commit suicide.

Trinity (The Matrix)

Trinity is a main character of "The Matrix" franchise. She is portrayed by Carrie-Anne Moss.

Trinity of the Resistance wanted to find Neo by phone calls. She guided him toward Morpheus who knows exactly what the Matrix is.

Sabor (Tarzan)

Sabor is the overarching antagonist of the 1999 Disney animated movie "Tarzan". Sabor is a leopard that is a threat towards the gorillas of Africa.

Sabor has been prowling in the jungle and killed a baby gorilla. Sabor later killed Tarzan's human parents. As time went on, Tarzan became an adult and defeated Sabor.

Sabor's gender is disputed. In Kingdom Hearts and some works, Sabor is known to be a male. In other works, Sabor is known to be a female.

Sabor would appear as a mini-boss in the Deep Jungle level of the 2002 video game "Kingdom Hearts".

Scoring (cricket)

Scoring in cricket is a way of showing how well each team did during the game; it shows which team had more runs (points), as well as sometimes showing how well each of their players did during the game.

A game of cricket is won by the team with more runs at the end of the game, so long as the team with fewer runs has completed all of its innings. In games of cricket with time limits, there can be a "draw" result, which means no team wins if not enough innings are completed on time (the follow-on is one way that teams try to stop this from happening). When a game of cricket is played with multiple innings per team, the winning team can sometimes win while batting fewer times than its opponent; how many fewer times they batted is sometimes shown in their score.

Although a team's victory is based only on runs and innings (and sometimes the time limit of the game), team scores can also show, sometimes during different innings, the number of wickets lost by (batters who are out on) a team, as well as the number of balls/deliveries (which can also be shown as overs) batted by the team. These last two things can be useful to know because in most forms of cricket, a team's innings will almost always end either when almost all players on the team are out, or in games of cricket where each team had limits on the number of legal deliveries that could be bowled to them, they have batted a certain number of legal deliveries.

Inzerillo Mafia clan

The Inzerillo Family is a high-ranking powerful family who controls most of the drug trade, prostitution, gambling and contract killings in Sicily. They have ties to the five families of New York it is believed that underboss of the Gambino family, Frank Cali, had personal ties to them directly.

Joyce, Louisiana

Joyce is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Winn Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Saint Maurice, Louisiana

Saint Maurice is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Winn Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Good Pine, Louisiana

Good Pine is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in La Salle Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Eunice, Louisiana

Eunice is a small city in Acadia and St. Landry parishes in the state of Louisiana.

Castor, Louisiana

Castor is a village in Bienville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Jamestown, Louisiana

Jamestown is a village in Bienville Parish, Louisiana, United States.

Trollius laxus

The American Globeflower, "Trollius laxus" is a rare endangered species of flowering plants Native to Northeastern United States. This species of plants is  limited in range by their ability to exclusively survive in wetlands and marshes. Thus, clusters of the species are constantly threatened by the ever-changing hydrology of the range they are confined to.

"Trollius laxus" is a rare, herbaceous perennial only found in a small range of fens or wetland habitats fed by groundwater in northeastern United States. In these calcium rich fens, the "T. laxus" can be locally abundant. They can also be found in Oregon, Washington, British Columbia and the Rocky Mountains of Colorado. During spring, "T. laxus" is one of the first flowers to bloom in the Rocky Mountain. Its distribution is limited by light intensity and hydrology.

Wetlands and marshes have consistent groundwater discharge which means that water levels will typically be high in these areas. This will result in anoxia and ultimately lower the amount of nutrients present. It is thought that the plants evolved to endure these conditions so that they have less competition for sunlight. While "T. laxus" prefers these wetter conditions, the plant can also grow in drier conditions if there is enough sunlight present. Increased sunlight will increase the biomass of these plants but, there is a threshold before the plant’s growth will plateau or even decline. The combination of seasonal drying along with very high light intensities can result in the competitive exclusion of "T. laxus" . In order for "T. laxus" to meet this requirement of light intensity and hydrology, it must sacrifice the size of its range. This is a factor that causes it's distribution to be limited.

"Trollius laxus" is a perennial found predominantly in forested wetlands with cold alkaline groundwater. This plant is one of the first to flower in the spring from mid-April to early May in Connecticut, and the seeds are ripened by mid-June where they are dispersed passively with the help of wind and water.

"Trollius laxus" has few effective pollinators including the sweat bee, the Cuckoo bee, and a fly within the family Tachinidae. Molluscan herbivores such as slugs and snails can cause leaf damage impacting the overall plant community diversity. Slug predation on "T. Laxus" affects its seedling survival, as well as competition and predation due to the presence of neighboring plants and herbivores. Removing neighboring plants lowers the predation risk on "T. Laxus" and increases its growth and reproductive success.

"T. laxus" may also occur in forested wetlands so it may be well-adapted to growing under closed forest canopies. Field observations have indicated that both light and groundwater levels affect "T. laxus" plant and population vigor, and that the distribution of "T. laxus" may be limited by competition with other plants. 
"Trollius laxus" is easily identifiable by botanists due to their showy bright yellow flowers which are globular in shape. When flower is absent, other characteristics can be used to identify the plant. This herbaceous flowering plant with a one to two foot stems, thick and fibrous roots, and basal leaves. The plant can include one or more stems, each with a cream or pale yellow flower up to 5 cm in diameter with 5-7 petaloid Sepals. The actual petals are reduced to staminodes with basal nectar glands. Each leaf of "Trollius laxus" consists of five three-lobed leaflets that spread horizontally from the tip of the petiole. Each leaflet has sharp teething margins. The leaves sprout on petioles which grow from the base of the plant.

This herbaceous plant is one of the first to bloom in the spring. The flowering stalk is usually longer than the leaf stalk. The flowers are terminal, meaning the grow at the tip of the flowering stalk and each stalk has one flower. Each flower has five veiny sepals and in the center of the flower sit numerous stamens and ten to fifteen petals deep yellow or orange in color. Hidden among the petals are five or more separate fruits.

The fruit of "Trollius laxus" are dry with each follicle containing three to six seeds on average, and are formed in aggregate on the stems. The flowers of "T. laxus" range from white to yellow in color with nectar glands at the base, and can grow up to five centimeters in diameter. Both flowering and fruit level are positively correlated with light intensity, possibly due to pollinators being able to travel longer distances after leaving a warmer flower than a colder one.

Force play

In baseball, any player from the team that is trying to score who is on one of the bases (a "runner") can not be safe on that base anymore if there is another player from their team who has become unsafe at the previous base in the same way; the runner is then said to be "forced" to run. The batter can be considered as no longer being safe at home base (which can be thought of as the base that comes "before" first base) when he has hit the ball into the fair part of the field. A forceout occurs when a player on the fielding team touches a base while holding the ball and a runner at the previous base was made unsafe in this way; that runner is then out.

In other words, a runner is forced to run to the next base, with the risk of being out if an opponent holding the ball touches the next base before them, in only the following two situations:


If, during the play, a runner is gotten out, and there are other runners who are not out and currently forced to run, then any of those runners that reached a base that came after the base(s) touched by the runner that got out is no longer forced to run. This is called "removing the force".

Tail Spin

Tail Spin (also known as Tailspin) is a 1939 American drama movie directed by Roy Del Ruth and was based on the 1935 novel "Women with Wings: A novel of the modern day aviatrix". It stars Alice Faye, Constance Bennett, Nancy Kelly, Joan Davis, Jane Wyman, Harry Davenport and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Flamingo Road (movie)

Flamingo Road is a 1949 American drama movie directed by Michael Curtiz and was based on the novel and play of the same name. It stars Joan Crawford, Zachary Scott, Gladys George, Alice White, Sydney Greenstreet, Fred Clark and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (1990 movie)

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles is a fantasy action movie. It was made in the United States and was released in 1990. It is part of the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" (TMNT) series. The movie is the first in the original TMNT movie series..

The movie was financially successful and got a sequel in 1991 "".


Wayne's World 2

Wayne's World 2 is a 1993 American comedy movie from Paramount Pictures, starring Mike Myers and Dana Carvey. It is based on a segment of the same name from television's "Saturday Night Live".

Trader

A trader is a person that goes around, and buys things. See merchant for more information.

Joseph A. Hardy III

Joseph A. Hardy III (January 7, 1923 – January 7, 2023) was an American businessman. He was the founder and CEO of 84 Lumber and Nemacolin Woodlands Resort. In 1992, after 34 years of running the company, Hardy retired. In 2007, he unsuccessfully ran for commissioner of Fayette County, Pennsylvania.

Hardy died on his 100th birthday on January 7, 2023.

The Powerpuff Girls: Chemical X-Traction

The Powerpuff Girls: Chemical X-Traction is a 2001 action-adventure comedy fighting video game based on "The Powerpuff Girls" and released for the Nintendo 64 and PlayStation.

The player can play as all three Powerpuff Girls and seven villains. One player can either be a villain or a Powerpuff Girl and the second player can only play as a villain. When the characters collect enough bottles of Chemical X, they use their superpowers. The PlayStation port gives an extra superpower to all three Powerpuff Girls.


The Powerpuff Girls decided to make a pie filled with Chemical X. As they left it by the window to cool, Mojo Jojo stole it and shared it with the other villains. The girls didn't see the pie once they returned to the kitchen. Bubbles told Blossom and Buttercup she added Chemical X to the pie so that it would be super. They figured out that Mojo Jojo has taken the pie. After defeating the villains and Mojo Jojo, HIM offered a challenge to his lair.

additional voices included, Yeardley Smith, Wally Wingert.

The game wasn't well-liked.

Ken Hensley

Kenneth William David Hensley (24 August 1945 – 4 November 2020) was an English singer-songwriter, multi-instrumentalist and producer. He was best known for his work with Uriah Heep during the 1970s.

He wrote or co-wrote the majority of Uriah Heep's songs such as the hit singles "Lady in Black", "Easy Livin'" and "Stealin'", as well as "Look at Yourself", on which he also sang lead vocals, and "Free Me".

Hensley died at his home in Agost, Alicante, Spain on 4 November 2020 at the age of 75.


Greg Eagles

Greg Eagles (born October 28, 1970) is an American actor known for voicing Aku Aku from the "Crash Bandicoot" franchise and the Grim Reaper from "Grim & Evil" and it's spin-off "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy".


Michael-Leon Wooley

Michael-Leon Wooley (born March 29, 1971) is an American actor and singer known for voicing Louis the Alligator from the 2009 Disney animated movie "The Princess and the Frog" and Darkseid from "Injustice 2".


Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles II: The Secret of the Ooze is a fantasy action movie. It was made in the United States and released in 1991. It is part of the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" (TMNT) series. The movie is the second in the original "TMNT" movie series. The movie is notably more lighthearted and less violent than the first movie, with mixed results. It was dedicated to Jim Henson.

The movie was financially successful and got a sequel in 1993's "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III".



Logan (movie series character)

Logan is the main character of the 20th Century Fox series of "X-Men" movies. He was played by Hugh Jackman in six "X-Men" movies and three solo "Wolverine" movies from 2000 to 2017.

James Howlett was born in the 19th century and learned he had claws on each hand. He later participated in several wars.

He appeared in a cameo where he says to Charles Xavier and Magneto "Go fuck yourself".

In the year 2029, Logan retired from being an X-Man and decided to be a cab driver.


Hugh Jackman's performance of Wolverine has been well-liked since the first movie.

Boris Podolsky

Boris Yakovlevich Podolsky (; 29 June 1896 – 28 November 1966) was a Russian-American physicist of Russian Jewish descent. He was known for his work with Albert Einstein and Nathan Rosen on entangled wave functions and the EPR paradox.

Peter Parker (The Amazing Spider-Man movie series)

Peter Benjamin Parker, also known as Spider-Man, is the main hero of the 2012-2014 Marc Webb "The Amazing Spider-Man" movie series and based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name. He was played by Andrew Garfield in both movies. This is a different version of the character than the one from Sam Raimi's movies and the one in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Peter Parker was raised by his Aunt May and Uncle Ben. His parents worked as scientists before they were killed. In the movies, Peter finds out what his father, Richard, was working on, just as he is bitten by a spider that gives him his superhero abilities. The more he finds on his father's work, the more he realizes the consequences if it is used by the wrong people. He at first becomes Spider-Man to hunt down the man who kills his uncle, but later decides it’s most important to protect the people of New York City and prevent the wrong people from using his father's work.

In this movie series, Peter is a very smart but mischievous person, but learns to be more responsible once he becomes Spider-Man. He is very handy with computers and technology, even making his own suit, and likes to ride his skateboard prior to becoming Spider-Man. His love interest is Gwen Stacy. 

Andrew Garfield's portrayal has been liked, particularly how accurate his performance is to the comics in regards to portraying Spider-Man as the superhero. However, his portrayal of Peter Parker in his regular life has been noted as different than usual, with some calling his interpretation "too cool for Peter Parker".

Nightcrawler (comics)

Nightcrawler is a Marvel Comics superhero and mutant created by Len Wein in 1975. He can teleport through fog.

Kurt Wagner was a circus performer known as Nightcrawler until he became an X-Man.

Nightcrawler has been played by Alan Cumming and Kodi-Smitt McPhee in the movie series.

Mystique (character)

Mystique is a Marvel Comics supervillain/superheroine/antiheroine and mutant created by Chris Claremont in 1978. She can change her appearance to any other human or mutant.

It is not known how old Mystique is.

Mystique has been played by Rebecca Romjin and Jennifer Lawrence in the movie series.

Fight Club (video game)

Fight Club is a 2004 fighting video game based on both the book and movie of the same name. It was released on the PlayStation 2 and Xbox. None of the actors of the movie except for Meat Loaf returned to voice in the game.

A 3D brawler has a player fight against another playable character with X-Rays shown during fights.

An unnamed man has been picked to Tyler Durden to join Fight Club and eventually Project Mayhem. The man became Tyler Durden's right hand man. He was given the bomb operation controls. As the Narrator shot himself, the man wanted to help him. He went into the other side of the building and detonated the skyscrapers.

The game is considered terrible compared to the book and movie and most people didn't like how the game misses the satirical message and how generic the game was.

South Park: Bigger, Longer &amp; Uncut

South Park: Bigger, Longer & Uncut is a 1999 American adult animated musical comedy movie based on the Comedy Central animated series "South Park".


Eric Cartman, Stan Marsh, Kyle Broflovski, his younger brother Ike and Kenny McCormick wanted to go see the new Terrence and Phillip movie. They were denied access due to the R-rating. They snuck in and learned a lot of obscene words by the Canadian duo. The kids starting swearing to their classmates and the school became just as profane. The parents, including Shelia Broflovski were unhappy that the kids had seen the Terrence and Phillip movie. Mr. Mackey gave the kids advice to use non-profane words, which helped. The kids snuck in to see Asses of Fire again. Kenny attempted to fart a fire but he burned himself. He was sent to Hell, where Satan and Saddam Hussein live. The Mothers Against Canada declared war against Canada for making the youth obscene. Cartman was given a V-chip implanted into his brain so when he curses, he gets an electric shock.

Trey Parker and Matt Stone have made changes to the movie because they were afraid it would get an NC-17 rating from the MPAA.

The movie was very well-liked and considered a step up from the first two seasons of the original show. The success of the movie helped Trey Parker and Matt Stone make more seasons of the show. "Blame Canada" got nominated Best Original Song at the Oscars but lost to "You'll Be in My Heart" by Phil Collins from Tarzan. It is considered one of the most profane animated movies of all time with 300 obscene words used.

Inspector Gadget (movie)

Inspector Gadget is a 1999 American police comedy movie loosely based on the cartoon of the same name. It had a direct-to-video sequel in 2003 with French Stewart as Gadget. It was directed by David Kellogg. It was written by Kerry Ehrin and Zak Penn.

Officer John Brown had been caught in a fatal accident set off by Sanford Scolex. He was repaired with various items inside him. He was given a talking Gadgetmobile that helps him out.


Principal photography began on July 20, 1998, and wrapped on October 3, 1998.

Many people didn't like the movie, especially how Claw's face was revealed compared to the cartoon and that Gadget is able to be much less clueless.

Inspector Gadget 2

Inspector Gadget 2 is a 2003 American police comedy movie based on the cartoon of the same name and a direct-to-video sequel to 1999's "Inspector Gadget".

It has been one year since Dr. Claw was sent to prison and Inspector Gadget hasn't seen any chance of crime happening.


Some people thought it was better than the first movie thanks to how closer it is to the cartoon.

Turanga Leela

Turanga Leela is an animated character made for the Matt Groening comedy science fiction series "Futurama". She is voiced by Katey Sagal. She is Philip J. Fry's love interest.

Leela was born a mutant in the late 30th century. She was raised in an orphanage. Since mutants don't live on the surface, she prefers to be referred to as an alien. As she grew up, she became a law enforcement officer thanks to a career chip. On December 31st, 2999, she met Philip J. Fry who woke up in a cryochamber from a thousand years ago. She gave him a career assignment to a delivery boy.

Ranbir Kapoor

Ranbir Kapoor is an Indian actor who mainly works in Bollywood film industry. He made his acting debut with "Saawariya" (2007), although the movie was a critical and commercial failure. Kapoor has received widespread critical acclaim in 2009 with his performances in the movie "Wake Up Sid", "Ajab Prem Ki Ghazab Kahani", "Rocket Singh: Salesman of the Year" and "Raajneeti" (2010). Subsequently, Ranbir has appeared in many commercially successful movies as a leading actor such as "Ae Dil Hai Mushkil" (2016) and "Sanju" (2018). He is married to Alia Bhatt.



The Oracle (The Matrix)

The Oracle is a secondary character of "The Matrix" franchise. She was portrayed by Gloria Foster and Mary Alice.

The Oracle is a program that gives choices for people. She gave Neo a choice to become the One.

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III

Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles III is a fantasy action movie. It was made in the United States and released in 1993. It is part of the "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles" (TMNT) series. The movie is the third and final installment in the original "TMNT" movie series. It didn't do well with both the box office and critics. It is sequel to "Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (1990 movie)" and "".


God of War: Chains of Olympus

God of War: Chains of Olympus is a 2008 hack and slash video game released on the PlayStation Portable and a prequel to the "God of War" franchise.

Kratos can use the Blades of Chaos attack enemies and gain abilities from picked up items and red orbs.

Kratos has been given a task by the Gods to defeat Persephone and Atlas.

God of War: Ghost of Sparta

God of War: Ghost of Sparta is a 2010 hack and slash video game released on the PlayStation Portable and set between the events of "God of War" and "God of War II".

Kratos can use the Blades of Athena to attack enemies and gain abilities from picked up items and red orbs.

Kratos learned that his younger brother Deimos is still alive.

Geelvink pygmy tree frog

The Geelvink pygmy tree frog ("Litoria pygmaea") is a frog from New Guinea. It lives on much of the middle of the island, in both Papua New Guinea and Indonesia. It also lives on Japen Island.

Batman: Mask of the Phantasm

Batman: Mask of the Phantasm is a 1993 American animated superhero movie based on "".


It was going to be a direct-to-VHS movie but it was released in theaters at the last minute.

It didn't do well at theaters but gained a lot of money on home video. It is considered the best animated Batman movie of all time.

Jill Valentine

Jill Valentine is a character of the "Resident Evil" franchise. She first appeared as a playable character in the first game released in 1996.

In the 2002-2016 movie series, she was played by Sienna Guillory. In Marvel vs. Capcom 3, she was voiced by Kari Wahlgren.

Jill is known for being sexy by video game standards. Barry's quote to her in the 1996 game "You were almost a Jill sandwich!" was noted for being cheesy. In the 2002 iteration of the first game, he says instead "A second late, you would have fit nicely into a sandwich."

Devil May Cry 5

Devil May Cry 5 is the sixth video game in the series of "Devil May Cry". It was released on the PlayStation 4 and Xbox One on 2019.

Players can play as Dante, Nero and V, each with their own movesets.

The game started as sales for "" weren't good enough.

For 2020, the game has a Special Edition that allows Vergil as a playable character as well as next-generation console upgrades.

The game was well-liked and considered one of the best "Devil May Cry" games as well as a return to form.

Bullseye (character)

Bullseye is a Marvel Comics supervillain and a common enemy of both Daredevil and Elektra. He was first introduced in 1976. He is able to take harmless objects such as paper clips and peanuts and can kill enemies with them.

Bullseye was played by Colin Farrell in the 2003 movie "Daredevil".

Hellfire (song)

"Hellfire" is a song from 1996's "The Hunchback of Notre Dame" written by Alan Menken and Stephen Schwartz and performed by Tony Jay as Judge Claude Frollo. It is about Frollo lusting towards the Romani girl Esmeralda and he wants her to burn if she wouldn't be with him.

The song is well-liked for being a well-written song for a despicable villain such as Frollo.

While the song is well-liked, many felt that the song was too dark for a G-rated Disney movie because of the themes regarding lust and eternal damnation.

Won't Back Down

"Won't Back Down" is a 2003 industrial rock song performed by Fuel for the 2003 movie "Daredevil". The song's remix "Won't Back Down (Bring You Hell Remix)" was included on their album "Natural Selection".

20th Century Fox gave Fuel an idea to make a song for the movie but it was done in one week.

The band performs on a skyscraper at night with clips of the movie shown throughout. At the end, the lead singer finds Daredevil's club and sees the name Fuel burning from gasoline. The music video can be found on DVD copies of the movie alongside the music video of "Bring Me to Life".

Arkzin

Arkzin (also written as @®kz!n) is a magazine. It was started by a group of anti-war people in Zagreb, Croatia in September of 1991. It was an important new publishing house Croatia in the 1990s. "Arkzin" has been a paper magazine, a newspaper, website, and a publishing house for books and music on CDs. "Arkzin" told people to promote political change using the media. "Arzkin" was inspired by the concept of tactical media. The last issue of the magazine was published in 1999. "Arkzin" changed media and culture in Croatia and other countries.

The pilot issue was published on September 25, 1991 as fanzine of the Anti-war Campaign Croatia. The aim of the fanzine was to collect information about peace and anti-war initiatives in (post)Yugoslavia, advocate nonviolence and a peaceful solution for the emerging war, report on human rights abuses, support conscientious objectors and serve as an alternative political media platform. As Vesna Janković wrote in the editorial of the pilot issue: The quality of the Anti-war campaign lies in the multitude and diversity of initiatives that make it up. Arkzin will nurture this diversity and thus be an active contribution to the emergence of civil society, a society of peace, pluralism, tolerance and diversity. Contributors were mostly members of the anti-war groups. The first edition had six issues (double issues: 2-3 and 5-6), with the last issue appearing on May 7th 1992. Circulation grew from 500 to 2,000 copies in A4 format. "Arkzin" was distributed through post mail, from hand to hand etc. Publishing costs were covered by donations collected by European peace groups.

The second edition of "Arkzin" ran for 93 issues, the first of which appeared on April 1st 1992. Initially a monthly, starting from the issue 13, "Arkzin" became a bi-weekly. In the second phase, "Arkzin" changed its format to A3, broadened the editorial board and scope of topics, included professional journalists as contributors (many of them could not publish in mainstream newspapers any more because of tightening censorship efforts by the state at the time). It was printed in newspaper rotation and distributed through a national newspaper stands network. Circulation grew from 2.000 to 10.000 copies. During this period "Arkzin" gradually changed to a hybrid magazine in which politics, culture, theory and art met and inspired one another. Throughout its life as a newspaper, "Arkzin" changed its conceptual self-definition, changing from the “Magazine of the Anti-War Campaign Croatia” (no. 10, February 1994), “Megazine of the Anti-War Campaign Croatia” (no. 12, April 1994) , “Metazine for Civil Society Politics and Culture” (no. 66, 7 June 1996), “Memezine for Civil Society Politics and Culture” (no. 73, 13 September 1996). Starting with the issue no. 82 (January 17, 1997) the cover page masthead no longer said ‘Arkzin’ in the Roman alphabet, but rather in Japanese katakana. In words of Dejan Kršić, graphic designer and one of the editors of "Arkzin": "This development reflects the role that Arkzin plays in the context of the movement for peace, non-violence, human rights, women’s power and ecology on one side, and the efforts of a growing range of people to build a cultural environment, which resists not only the war and its consequences but also the strangling grip of the dominant nationalist forces in Croatia, on the other side. Arkzin has established itself as a major forum of independent, alternative, critical information and debate. Arkzin not only criticises the government policies (e. g. the war in Bosnia and Herzegovina and the evictions of the people from former Yugoslav army housing flats), but also examines the role of the media, of the intellectuals and of various marginalised youth subcultures." (note published on Bibliofil) 

The third, and final, phase of "Arkzin" lasted from 1997 until 1998. During this period seven issues in total were published. The format, number of pages and printing technique were changed, along with the content. The most professional journalist left the magazine at the time. Articles published were more theoretical, reflective, focused on broader analysis, avoiding everyday political issues. Some critics (see Veljak, Lino "Civil Society and Politics in Croatia") believe that in this period, "Arkzin" lost its political edge and became a theoretical-artistic experiment.

Although it had appointed editors-in-chief at various times, in practice "Arkzin" functioned as an editorial collective. Each issue was planned jointly at editorial meetings, which consisted of a core of permanent contributors. As Bojan Bilić writes in the text Islands of Print Media Resistance: ARKzin and Republika:Moreover, although Vesna Janković was the longest serving editor-in-chief, the publication did not have editorial staff in the classical sense of the term. Those who gathered around ARKzin were more interested in devising inclusive and non-hierarchical editorial strategies. Different people wrote and oversaw editorials at different points in time. In addition, collective authorship was experimented with in Arkzin: numerous texts, especially programmatic ones, were co-written by two or three authors. The most famous was a series of 30 editorials entitled "Was ist Arkzin" published in 1996-1997 and signed as the Bastard Intellectual Cooperative.

Arkzin was known not just for its radical political content, but also for its radical graphic design created by Dejan Kršić and Dejan Dragosavac Ruta. In his analysis of Dejan Dragosavac Ruta's graphic design of different magazines An Anatomy of Ruta's Magazines and Journals, Maroje Mrduljaš wrote: "Arkzin's radical deconstructivist aesthetics and the magazine's strongly emphasized "visuality" are based on typography research and the deposition of graphic and content layers, and the original approach the authors continually developed stemmed from experience, mainstream media and popular culture, and more "esoteric" sources: Neville Brody, via David Carson, to Emigre. /.../ Typographic interpretations and the creation of unexpected connections between different contents, working with information structures of "timelines" indicate a research approach to the structure of the magazine as a whole and the text, questioning the very act of reading."

Arkzin’s distinctive design resonated well especially with younger audiences and activists, leading to a number of cultural and media initiatives turning to Arkzin’s designers for help in visually shaping their promotional materials and political messages. The fact that designers often did not charge for their services certainly contributed to this. The above-mentioned interview with Dejan Dragosavac Rutta states the following:"He designed and graphically edited a number of magazines and journals: Arkzin, Nomad, Godine nove, Libra libera, Gordogan, Up&underground, Civilno društvo.hr, Frakcija, etc. His clients are mostly present in the field of culture and civil-society scene: Multimedia Institute, Kontejner – bureau of contemporary art praxis, Platforma 9.81, Eurøkaz, SKD Prosvjeta, Oceanmore, British Council, the initiative Pravo na grad, for which he designs catalogues, books, promotional materials, campaigns, etc."In parallel with the increased engagement, Arkzin's graphic editors publicly thematized the social responsibility of art and design, reaffirming some of the repressed names of Croatian engaged design, such as Mirko Ilić and .

Arkzin's graphic design also received international acclaim when the Print magazine, American Bimonthly for Visual Culture and Design named him one of the world's most important magazines from 1936-2001 in Perrin Drumm's article "Eight Years that Changed Magazine Design History" (Print magazine, January 2010, New York). Arkzin was included in a passage about the year 1993 and the beginnings of a new digital culture.

First book published by Arkzin was "Culture of Lies: Antipolitical Essays" written by Dubravka Ugrešić, in 1996. Since then Arkzin has published 38 books. Of these, 13 books were published in Arkzin's own Bibliotheque Bastard, and 15 books were co-published in cooperation with various small independent publishers from Croatia and from Serbia (B92) and Bosnia and Hercegovina (Dani).

Editorial policy follows the theoretical and political orientation outlined in the newspaper: fierce critique of nationalism and capitalism, in step with promotion of Marxism and psychoanalisys (which was by then completely cast out of the mainstream Croatian intellectual circles). In that line Arkzin has published translations of famous titles written by contemporary leftist/marxist authors like Alain Badiou, Guy Debord, Louis Althusser, Fredric Jameson or Slavoj Žižek. In addition to translations, Arkzin publishes Croatian and regional authors known for their critical reflection on the (post) war reality of the former Yugoslav states. Among others, in 1997 the novel Maria Częstohowska still shedding tears or Dying in Toronto by Daša Drndić, who later became award-winning literary author.

In 1998 Arkzin launched its music label Carnival Tunes "Independent label for good music - since 1998". Over a period of three years six music CDs were released under this label. In cooperation with Kekere Akvarium, another Croatian undergound music label, Arkzin released one more music CD in 2000. It was double album by Milan Manojlović "Man from Katanga/ Blue Bar".

Inspired by the idea of tactical media Arkzin actively supported grassroots media and cultural initiatives by promoting them in the magazine or helping them with graphic design of their promotional materials. Often, members of Arkzin editorial board took active role in lounching some of these initiatives. Here are the most significant:

Multimedia Institut MI2 / Club Mama

Autonomous Culture Factory Attack

Curatorial collective What, How & for Whom/WHW is a curatorial collective based out of Zagreb, Croatia. Its members are curators Ivet Curlin, Ana Dević, Nataša Ilić, Sabina Sabolović, and the designer and publicist Dejan Kršić. As they stated in an interview for X-TRA, contemporary art journal:Especially influential for WHW forming was "Arkzin", which started in 1991 as the fanzine of the Antiwar Campaign of Croatia and later became a publishing house. "Arkzin" was a major forum (virtually the only one for a couple of years) for independent and alternative critical information and debate. In 1998, when they published a 150th anniversary edition of the "Communist Manifesto" by Marx and Engels, edited by Boris Buden with an introduction by Slavoj Žižek, they approached one of us to organize a contemporary art exhibition that they hoped would trigger a timely public debate on the issues the Manifesto might raise in Croatia. Organizing an exhibition on the "Communist Manifesto" immediately seemed to have the potential to intervene in the field of art on all levels, in terms of content, obviously, and in terms of organizational know-how, as well as in terms of assessing and building local and international contexts. The goal of these interventions was to oppose an individualistic understanding of cultural work. (interviewed by Michelle Dizon, X-TRA, Spring 2010, Volume 12 Number 3).



Scotty Doesn't Know

"Scotty Doesn't Know" is a song from the 2004 sex comedy movie "EuroTrip" written and performed by the band Lustra. It is about the lead singer having an affair with Fiona and Scotty doesn't know that.

Scotty Doesn't Know was originally from Fathers' Day Starring Billy Crystal and the late Robn Williams, performed by Mark McGrath of band Sugar Ray

In the movie, Donny (played by Matt Damon) sang this song at the graduation party. Matt Damon doesn't sing the song but his singing voice was done by the lead of Lustra. The song became an important part of the movie, where it became a famous club song at Bratislava and became a ringtone.

The song was put on a loop in Scott Morrison's website by a hacker in October 2018 to criticize Morrison's actions.

Goldendoodle

A Goldendoodle is a type of dog that is mixed breed from a poodle and a golden retriever.

A Golden doodle is a mixed breed between a poodle and a golden retriever, so the appearances may vary. An average Golden doodle is 23 to 29 inches long in height. Golden doodles come out with long muzzles, and dark, oval shaped eyes which mostly brown, but can rarely be light blue or grassy green. Golden doodles have a cute coat. The coat can be golden, cream, white, or even red!

Golden doodles are a high-maintenance breed. They will need to be professionally groomed every 8 to 12 weeks. A Golden doodle needs at least 15 to 30 minutes of exercise three times a day. When a puppy, they tend to want to play interactive games like fetch, but as they grow older, they enjoy a gentle stroll. Haircuts are necessary for Golden doodles every six weeks. This will keep the fur from tangles or matting. Make sure to take your Golden doodle out every 45-60 minutes.

Golden doodle puppies need to be fed 4 small meals a day. When your puppy grows up to 6 months old, you can feed the golden doodle larger meals twice a day.

Golden doodles are an energetic breed, so training will be much harder. To sit: Hold a treat up in the air over the Golden’s head until it sits. Reward the dog with the treat. To lay down: While the dog is sitting, hold a treat in your hand and wave your free hand up and down while beckoning the dog to lay down. Reward the Golden with the treat when it lays down.

Golden doodles usually cost around $500 to $4000 depending on where you pick up the pup. Basic dry kibble costs $100-$250 per year. Premium dog kibble will cost around $200-$400 per year. For maintenance, smaller golden doodles cost less than bigger golden doodles. For grooming, you will pay around $50 to $80 every 8 weeks.

Golden doodles live around 10-15 years. This life span is inherited from the poodle and golden retriever parents. Many Golden doodles die from a heart disease called sub valvular aortic stenosis, which can be avoided by working out your dog with cardiac exercises. Golden doodles were first bred in the United States. Golden doodles were at first meant to be guide dogs, but they gained popularity and became pets.

Shrek 2 (video game)

Shrek 2 is a 2004 action-adventure video game based on the 2004 animated movie of the same name.

The player can play as one of four characters in a team. Donkey can use his Burro Blast to destroy large objects. Lil' Red can throw apples at enemies.

Before Shrek and Fiona go off to see Fiona's parents, they, Donkey and Gingy decide to collect snacks for the trip.

The game sold well and is considered one of the best video games based on Shrek.

Rude Removal

"Rude Removal" is an episode of "Dexter's Laboratory" that was supposed to air on 1998 but didn't air because of the swearing used in the episode. It later aired on Adult Swim in 2013, although censored.

Dexter has made a Rude Removal machine to remove the rudeness from Dee Dee. They argued on who is the rudest. They got into the machine and made rude and profane clones of themselves while the nice ones have British mannerisms. The rude clones make a mess in the kitchen with their mother around and swear up a storm. They get grounded and decide to ruin Dexter's lab. Dexter and Dee Dee tricked the clones into going to the Rude Removal system, making the two whole. They went to Dee Dee's room and saw their mom with a bar of soap. Dexter ends the episode by saying "Oh, shit."

Genndy Tartakovsky revealed that the episode was made just for fun and not an actual Dexter episode.

Genndy Tartakovsky

Genndy Tartakovsky (born 17 January 1970) is a Russian-American animator, writer and director known for creating shows on Cartoon Network and Adult Swim such as "Dexter's Laboratory", "Samurai Jack", "" and directing the first three "Hotel Transylvania" movies.

Tartakovsky was born Gennady Borisovich Tartakovsky (Russian: Геннадий Борисович Тартаковский ) on January 17, 1970, in Moscow, to Jewish parents. His father, Boris, worked as a dentist for government officials and the Soviet Union national ice hockey team.

Genndy Tartakovsky was born in Moscow, Russia. He and his family moved to Chicago to escape communism. Genndy became a cartoonist and educated at CalArts.

He would create "Dexter's Laboratory" at Cartoon Network. He worked alongside Craig McCracken to help him with "The Powerpuff Girls". The success of both cartoons helped Genndy create "Samurai Jack" for the same broadcasting company. George Lucas contacted Genndy to make a "Star Wars" cartoon while doing "Samurai Jack". Genndy shifted work between Adult Swim and Sony Pictures Animation. He directed the first three "Hotel Transylvania" movies and made a fifth season of "Samurai Jack" on Adult Swim. He would later create Primal, a prehistoric animated show with no spoken speech.


George Liquor

George Liquor is a character created by John Kricfalusi for "The Ren & Stimpy Show". He was voiced by Michael Pataki.

The executives at Nick didn't like George Liquor at all because his last name sounds like "lick her". His second appearance in Man's Best Friend was banned by Nick due to the harsh violence done by both him and Ren. As a result, they gave Kricfalusi the copyright to use his character that isn't Ren & Stimpy.

George Liquor is the main character of a prolonged and delayed Kickstarter cartoon called Cans Without Labels. It was supposed to be out by 2013 but got delayed 6 years. It is Mike Pataki's last voice role. George gives his nephews Ernie and Slab cans that are bought cheap. He opens the first can, which has a human face in it. The nephews are spooked by the face. George gets angry at the two and decides to have a bathroom break. Ernie and Slab give the can to Donald Bastard (a parody of Donald Duck), and the face was eaten. George offered to open another can but the nephews left the house.

Ren &amp; Stimpy &quot;Adult Party Cartoon&quot;

Ren & Stimpy "Adult Party Cartoon" is an American-Canadian adult animated television series created by John Kricfalusi and based on "The Ren & Stimpy Show". It had three episodes aired on Spike TV in 2003 but the last three episodes were unaired until a DVD release. It was much more vulgar than the original show and used constant gross-out and sex jokes.

The adult-oriented cartoon is seen as a major step down from the original cartoon. The pacing of each episode wasn't liked either.

Spike TV offered John Kricfalusi to have not only reruns of the original show but also new adult-oriented episodes. Billy West was considered to return as the voice of Stimpy, but he declined due to Kricfalusi's involvement. Eric Bauza would voice Stimpy.

Mudi

Mudi is a dog breed. It is used a lot for herding. The Mudi protects and guards without being too aggressive or hostile. This breed is intelligent, loyal, and agile. This dog can be found in Hungary, Finland, and rarely in Europe, United States, and Canada.

Health problems that have been seen in the Mudi include epilepsy, hip dysplasia, cataracts, elbow dysplasia and patellar luxation. These health issues can cause weakness in legs or difficulty getting up. 

Frequently brushing a Mudi helps keep it clean from all its herding jobs. Most Mudis don’t need a bath more than a few times a year. Before a bath, cut or comb out any mat in the Mudi’s coat. Mudi puppies between 8-12 weeks old need to be fed four small meals a day. Mudi pups 6 months to a year old need to be fed 2 larger meals a day. 

A Mudi dog weighs about . It is tall. It has medium, curly hair. The color can be black, white, fawn, brown, or ash.

Kerry Washington

Kerry Marisa Washington (born January 31, 1977) is an American actress, producer and director. She is known for playing Olivia Pope on the drama TV series "Scandal" and Alicia Masters in the Tim Story's "Fantastic Four" movies (2005–2007).


Steve Blum

Steven Jay Blum who is known professionally by his credited stage name as Steve Blum (born April 29, 1960) is an American voice actor who is well known for his distinctive deep voice of both Wolverine from various Marvel projects and Sub-Zero from the Mortal Kombat franchise.


Panty &amp; Stocking with Garterbelt

Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt is a 2010 anime made by Gainax. It is about two angels who defeat ghosts and collect Heaven coins.


The staff at Gainax were inspired by Drawn Together to make a raunchy anime.

Volunteering

A volunteer is someone who helps a common cause and who does not expect to get paid for it. There are many cases, such as cleaning up after a disaster, where anyone can help. There are many cases, though, where the volunteers are trained specialists. Examples for these are the volunteer fire departments or a doctor or nurse working for organisations such as the Red Cross. Another example are the people guiding police dogs, which may be trained for emergency rescue.


FC Bayern Munich II

FC Bayern Munich II is the reserve team of German football team Bayern Munich. The play in the Regionalliga. They were known as Bayern Munich Amateure until 2005.

The club's honours:

20xx* both champions with first team: FC Bayern Munich 




Toy poodle

Toy poodles are smaller versions of poodles, so they are smaller than the average dog. Toy poodles are a dog breed.

Their coat is dense and curly, and can come in Apricot, Black, Brown, Cream, and Red. Toy Poodles tend to have dark, oval eyes with ears close by. They have long, straight muzzles.

Toy poodles are a fun pet but also a companion, they're extremely intelligent and like to perform to do tricks and fashion. Toy poodles have a hard time swimming, but they love the water and swimming is a good exercise for them to keep their body fit.

Toy poodles require lots of grooming. Poodle fur must be brushed and washed with shampoo. Some owners blow dry their poodles. Toy poodles eat 1/3-1/2 cups of food a day depending upon their weight.

Toy poodles go a long way back. They were first bred in the 20th century. Then there was the Poodle Club of America. They were originally bred to be pets, but now they are used for more things like hunting and performing.

The Toy Seidenpoodle was a longhaired, silky coated curly toy dog, breed in Germany.

Otterhound

An otterhound or otter hound is a type of dog.

Otterhounds are large hounds with wide heads and strong bodies. Otterhounds have strong noses. They usually live about 10-13 years, and they weigh 80-115 pounds depending on whether they are male or female. They are usually 24 to 27 inches tall.

Otterhounds companion dogs, so they make good family dogs. Otterhounds are also good hunting dogs on land and water. Otterhounds love to swim and can do obedience trials.

Otterhounds have a thick double coat that pushes away water, so they are easy to groom and clean. Otter hounds eat 3 to 4 1/2 cups of dry dog food per day.

Otterhounds cost about $1500 to $3000 in the United States. They need grooming and supplies.

Otterhounds come from the United Kingdom, specifically in England. Otterhounds worked in packs to hunt otters and protect fishponds. In 1978, otter hunting became illegal and the otterhounds had no job. They became pets.

Alice (Resident Evil)

Alice is a character of the "Resident Evil" franchise. She appears in the 2002-2016 movie series as the main heroine.

In the 2002-2016 movie series, she was played by Milla Jovovich.

Some didn't like how Alice stole the spotlight from other characters such as Jill Valentine.

Shrek (video game)

Shrek is a 2001 action-adventure video game set after the events of the 2001 animated movie of the same name. It was released for the Xbox and Nintendo GameCube by TDK. It was also a launch title for the Xbox.

Shrek can fart and burp at enemies.

Merlin the evil wizard has taken Princess Fiona to his castle.

Some fans didn't like how Shrek was able to move so fast.

Billy &amp; Mandy's Big Boogey Adventure

Billy & Mandy's Big Boogey Adventure is a 2007 animated TV movie based on "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy".

Grim has been put on trial and his powers, rank and title of Reaper are given to his rival, Boogey.


The movie was released on now out-of-print DVDs. It came with the episode "Bully Boogie", Boogey's debut in the franchise.

Google Meet

Google Meet is a video chat software. most people say its weird because it kicks people out. That might be because of internet. 

This meeting tool is made by the company Google which is raising more than $1,000,000. The CEO, Sundar Pichai is known as CEO of Google.

Billy &amp; Mandy: Wrath of the Spider Queen

Billy & Mandy: Wrath of the Spider Queen is a 2007 animated TV movie based on "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy".

Spiders have infested Endsville, including Billy's son, Jeff.


The movie can be found on iTunes as two episodes.

Underfist: Halloween Bash

Billy & Mandy: Underfist: Halloween Bash also known as simply Underfist: Halloween Bash, Billy & Mandy: Underfist or Underfist, is a 2008 animated TV movie based on "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy" and was supposed to be a pilot for an unfinished show.

A marshmallow bunny named Bun Bun has taken over Endsville. Irwin, Jeff, General Skarr, Hoss Delgado and Fred Fredburger form the group known as Underfist.


Tin Pan Alley (movie)

Tin Pan Alley is a 1940 American romantic musical drama movie directed by Walter Lang and starring Alice Faye, Betty Grable, Jack Oakie, John Payne, Allen Jenkins, Fayard Nicholas, Harold Nicholas, Elisha Cook Jr.. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and won an Academy Award in 1941.


Car Wash (song)

"Car Wash" is a 1976 jazz song by Rose Royce. It was made for the 1976 movie of the same name.

Christina Aguilera and Missy Elliott have recorded a cover of the song for the 2004 DreamWorks Animation movie "Shark Tale". It was reworked with additional lyrics relating to the movie and to fit Aguilera's vocal range.

Car Wash is considered one of the best Disco songs of the 1970's.

The song was used in the cold opening of the "Futurama" season 1 episode My Three Suns, where Bender goes through the Bot Wash and sings along to this song.

Sommersby

Sommersby is a 1993 French American romantic drama movie directed by Jon Amiel and was based on the 1982 movie "The Return of Martin Guerre". It stars Richard Gere, Jodie Foster, Bill Pullman, James Earl Jones, Clarice Taylor, Frankie Faison, R. Lee Ermey, Maury Chaykin and was distributed by Warner Bros..


Kirby's Dream Course

Kirby's Dream Course is a pinball video game that was developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo in 1993. It is for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.

"Kirby's Dream Course" is a mini golf video game. The art is in an isometric perspective, similar to games like "Marble Madness". Its plot involves Kirby's enemy King Dedede stealing all of the stars in the night sky. Kirby sets out to stop Dedede and return the stars to the sky.

Players move Kirby (or in the case of player two, a yellow Kirby look-alike named ) around a miniature golf course by bouncing him towards a specific area of the playfield. Players must set the power, angle, and spin to hit various enemies found throughout the levels, which earns the player a star. When only one enemy remains, that enemy transforms into the goal hole, which is worth two stars. In multiplayer, two players try to get the most stars. A player can hit a star claimed by the other player to take it. Kirby/Keeby can knock himself into certain enemies to get a Copy Ability, which can be used to clear courses more quickly or hurt the other player. These Copy abilities include Kirby/Keeby turning into a tornado, a sparking ball that can break certain obstacles, and a UFO that allows Kirby/Keeby to float and move at will for a short time.

The game has eight single-player courses, with eight holes in each. Completing courses awards the player with medals, which can be used to unlock extra features such as different versions of courses. The type of medal awarded is based on how well the player performed, with gold being the best.

"Kirby's Dream Course" was made by HAL Laboratory and Nintendo EAD and published by Nintendo for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System (SNES). HAL originally made the game as a new game called "Special Tee Shot" in 1992. It had its own characters and art. The game was given several previews from magazines and was displayed on the packaging for the console, but the company stopped working on it because their "Kirby" series on the Game Boy was very successful. HAL later turned "Special Tee Shot" into a "Kirby" game by replacing many of the original characters with those from the "Kirby" series, and adding some mechanics to make it more like other games in the series.

Keeby, the yellow Kirby that the second player controls, reuses Shigeru Miyamoto's idea for what color Kirby should be, which was replaced with pink by the time "Kirby's Adventure" released. After an unnamed yellow Kirby appeared in "", a yellow color appeared a lot when more than one player played as Kirby in the "Kirby" and "Super Smash Bros." series. This design was called "Keeby Yellow" in "Kirby's Dream Buffet".

"Kirby's Dream Course" was released in Japan on September 21, 1994, as "Kirby Ball". It was released in North America on February 1, 1995, and in Europe later in the year. "Special Tee Shot" was later released in 1996 for the Satellaview, which is a peripheral for the Super Famicom that used satellite broadcasts to play games. "Dream Course" is one of thirty games included in the Super NES Classic Edition miniconsole.

In 1995, Nintendo and HAL started making a sequel named "Kirby Ball 64"/"Kirby Bowl 64" for the Nintendo 64. A playable demo of the game was shown at Nintendo's annual Shoshinkai event. "Kirby Ball 64"/"Kirby Bowl 64" was made to use the system's analog stick to let the player move with more precision. It was going to use gouraud shading for its graphics. It also had an extra gamemode where the player controlled Kirby on a snowboard. "Kirby Ball 64" was never released, but some of the ideas from the game were later used in "Kirby Air Ride".

People liked "Kirby's Dream Course" for its weirdness and innovation. "GamePro" writer Scary Larry claimed it was just as fun to play as the other "Kirby" games. A writer for "Next Generation" found the mini golf gameplay system unique compared to other games, as did a reviewer from "Electronic Gaming Monthly". "Next Generation" and Larry also highlighted "Dream Course"s complexity, which was not common for a golf game at the time. The game's colorful art was liked for its funny design. "Electronic Gaming Monthly" said that the game's controls took a while to get used to. Larry said that the accuracy of the player's shots was not well-refined. Tom Guise of "Computer and Video Games" believed its originality made it one of the best SNES games, which "Electronic Gaming Monthly" agreed with. Javier Abad, a reviewer for "Nintendo Acción", said that "Kirby" fans would enjoy it for the controls and art style.

People have also said good things about the game in retrospective reviews. Staff from "Nintendo Life" compared its silliness to Electronic Arts' "Zany Golf". They said that it had fun gameplay and a good difficulty level. They also believed that its graphics looked good. "IGN"s Lucas M. Thomas believed "Dream Course"s unique concept made it impossible to compare it to other games. Thomas and "GameSpot"s Frank Provo both enjoyed how useful the power-ups were. "USgamer" writer Nadia Oxford liked its unusual level design and funny design, and said it offered a break from the more action-oriented games on the console. IGN ranked the game 38th on their "Top 100 SNES Games of All Time."

Canaan Dog

Canaan dog is a breed of dog.

Canaan dogs first became competition in 1997. Canaan dogs were the AKC’s 141st dog breed. Canaan dogs go all the way back to Israel, where they were first bred by pariah dogs. They quickly were wanted and became popular house dogs.

The average Canaan dog weighs 35-55 pounds depending on the gender and age. They grow up to be 19-24 inches. They are medium sized dogs, with a thick coat and a curly tail. The coat can be sandy, red brown, white, or black in color. Canaan dogs can sometimes be dog-aggressive, and aren’t very good guard dogs and tend to be suspicious of new people. 

Canaan dogs are usually healthy, but can suffer from Hypothyroidism, Epilepsy, Progressive retinal atrophy, Cryptorchidism, Hip dysplasia, Elbow dysplasia, Luxating patella, and Osteochondritis dissecans. 

Caring for your Canaan dog is important. Canaan puppies should get 3 little meals a day, and an adult Canaan dog should get 2 larger meals per day. Canaan dogs should be brushed frequently to remove dead hair. Requirements include trimming nails, brushing teeth, and keeping its ears clean, to prevent infection. 

To adopt a Canaan dog is anywhere around $800 to $1200. Maintaining the dog would cost around $300.

Ant-Man (movie)

Ant-Man is a 2015 superhero comedy movie based on the Marvel Comics character of the same name. It is the twelfth movie of the Marvel Cinematic Universe. It was directed by Peyton Reed and written by Edgar Wright, Paul Rudd and Adam McKay.

Prisoner Scott Lang has been picked by Hank Pym to be the next Ant-Man.


Edgar Wright was contacted to direct an Ant-Man movie but left during shooting because he had creative differences with Kevin Feige. Paul Rudd and Adam McKay wrote additional dialogue for reshoots.

Ant-Man was an unexpected success and did well at the box office.

The movie had a 2018 sequel with the cast and crew returning called "Ant-Man and the Wasp".

Ant-Man and the Wasp

Ant-Man and the Wasp is a 2018 superhero comedy movie and a sequel to 2015's "Ant-Man". It was directed by Peyton Reed and written by Chris McKenna, Erik Sommers and Paul Rudd.


Kirby's Block Ball

Kirby's Block Ball is a video game that was developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo in 1995 for the Game Boy. The game is a "Breakout" clone.

Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within

Final Fantasy: The Spirits Within is a 2001 computer animated movie based on the "Final Fantasy" franchise.


Aki Ross was made as a digital actor voiced by Ming-Na Wen who was supposed to appear in multiple movies. She appeared on a 2001 cover of Maxim.

The movie flopped at the box office and had mixed reviews, particularly the motion capture animation for characters such as Aki Ross.

The Incredibles: Rise of the Underminer

The Incredibles: Rise of the Underminer is a 2005 superhero video game that is an alternate sequel to "The Incredibles". John Ratzenberger returns to voice the Underminer, the final antagonist of the movie. It was released on the Game Boy Advance, Nintendo DS, Nintendo GameCube, PlayStation 2 and Xbox.

The player can play as either Mr. Incredible or Frozone while defeating the Underminer and his forces.

The Underminer declared war on humanity. Mr. Incredible and Frozone team up to defeat his forces.

Brad Bird decided not to use the game as part of the plot of Incredibles 2, making the game non-canon. Unlike the game, the sequel movie lets the Underminer survive.

X2: Wolverine's Revenge

X2: Wolverine's Revenge is a 2003 action-adventure video game based on the "X-Men" comics and a tie in to "X2: X-Men United". Patrick Stewart returns to voice in the game as Charles Xavier with Mark Hamill voicing Wolverine. While Hugh Jackman's likeness is on marketing, he doesn't provide his likeness for the game.

Wolverine can use his healing factor to get more health. A scene featuring Spider-Man can be unlocked once the game is complete.

The game has had very positive signals. However, it is considered one of the hardest Marvel video games.

X-Men Origins: Wolverine (video game)

X-Men Origins: Wolverine is a 2009 hack and slash video game based on the "Wolverine" comics and a tie in to the of the same name. Hugh Jackman returns to voice in the game as Wolverine.

Wolverine can use his healing factor to get more health. He can gain upgrades by clawing enemies.

Ryan Reynolds refused to voice Wade Wilson in the game due to how unhappy Wade turned out in the movie. He was replaced by Steve Blum.

The game has had positive signals. Some say it is better than the movie due to the graphic violence and more faithful source material. James Mangold, director of both "The Wolverine" and "Logan" used this as an inspiration for the next two Wolverine movies.

James Mangold

James Mangold (born December 16, 1963) is an American movie director and screenwriter.


Destroy All Humans! (2020 video game)

Destroy All Humans! is a 2020 open world video game that is a remake of the 2005 game of the same name.

As with the original, Crypto can probe enemies and destroy human buildings in the 1950s.

The game had heavily updated graphics, gameplay and sound including new voice clips by Richard Steven Horvitz as Orthopox.

The remake had mixed reviews compared to the original.

Richard Steven Horvitz

Richard Steven Horvitz (born July 29, 1966) is an American voice actor. He voiced an eponymous alien in "Invader Zim", Billy in "The Grim Adventures of Billy & Mandy", Jonny 2x4 in Ed, Edd n Eddy, Kaos in "Skylanders" and Daggett in "The Angry Beavers", and Moxxie Knowlastname in "Helluva Boss".


Osmosis Jones

Osmosis Jones is a 2001 live-action/animated science fiction comedy movie directed by the Farrelly brothers. It is mostly set in the human body.


The movie was going to be rated PG-13 with raunchy scenes involving Ozzy and Drix visiting Gonad's Gym (Frank's testicles) and that there would be more swearing. The swearing was overdubbed, for example, in the first cut, Ozzy says "What the hell is a uvula?" In the final cut, "hell" is replaced with "heck".

The movie flopped at the box office with mixed reviews but was able to make it's budget back with home video sales.

Blue Bunny Ice Cream

Blue Bunny Ice Cream was made by Fred H. Wells in 1913. He got the idea by purchasing ingredients to make ice cream. It first originated in Sioux City, Iowa in the United States.

The favorited flavors of Blue Bunny ice cream is Bunny Tracks, Super Chunky Cookie Dough, Salted Caramel Craze, Peanut Butter Fudge, and Chocolate Brownie.

Birman

A Birman cat is a domestic cat breed with long hair and deep blue eyes. It is known for its big brown spot near the face and has white on the rest of the body. Birman cats have been associated with many clubs and organizations.

For fellow families or individuals, a birman cat is a perfect match ideal to being an affectionate, loving companion to stay by your side awaiting for their owner to play with them. They can adapt to any environment if their owners are willingly responsible enough to provide them a passionate and loving home.

Blueberries, bananas, eggs, salmon are good examples to feed your cat Birman, as they can be quite the picky eaters. It is advised to feed your Birman: dental grade cat biscuits, raw chicken bones, cooked fish and chicken. High quality of canned foods can be fed to the cat regularly but you might want to be careful because you need to consist healthy proteins and cooked foods to make sure your Birman's needs have been met. 

Feline hypertrophic cardiomyopathy is a common problem seen in cats, and is a threat to Birman cats too. The Birman breed also has problems with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy, a disease that causes heart failure and cardiac arrest. Their average lifespan is about 9-15 years.

Birman cats are said to have originated in Burma, and there was treated like a sacred cat. A story was made, “Originally, the guardians of the Temple of LaoTsun were yellow-eyed white cats with long hair. The golden goddess of the temple, Tsun-Kyan-Kse, had deep blue eyes. The head priest, Mun-Ha, had as his companion a beautiful cat named Sinh. One day the temple was attacked and Mun-Ha was killed. At the moment of his death, Sinh placed his feet on his master. The cat’s white fur took on a golden cast; his eyes turned as blue as the eyes of the goddess, and his face, legs and tail became the color of earth. However, his paws, where they touched the priest, remained white as a symbol of purity. All the other temple cats became similarly colored. Seven days later, Sinh died, taking the soul of Mun-Ha to paradise.”

Foul ball

In baseball, a foul ball is any hit ball that goes in foul territory, which is the area of the field not in between the bases (when looking from home plate to the pitcher's mound), without first going beyond the bases nearest to home plate, or being touched by a player, umpire, or an object not part of the ground while on or over fair territory (which is the part of the field that is not foul territory). 

Each foul ball is a strike against the batter, except when this would result in the batter being struck out. The batting team can not score on a foul ball unless the batter flies out.

Other bat-and-ball games have things that are similar to foul balls. For example, some forms of street cricket, like bete-ombro, penalize the batter if the ball goes behind them, which gives the batter 180 degrees of fair playing area, rather than the 90 degrees of fair playing area in baseball.

Kirby's Star Stacker

Kirby's Star Stacker is a pinball video game that was developed by HAL Laboratory and published by Nintendo in 1997 for the Game Boy.

Dietrich Adam

Dietrich Adam (16 October 1953 – 2 November 2020) was a German actor. He was known for his roles as Friedrich Stahl in the series "Storm of Love" between 2013 and 2017, and for his role in the renowned German police series "Tatort". 

He also made appearances in the television series "Inga Lindström" and "Tonio & Julia". Adam was born in Göttingen, Germany.

Adam was born in Göttingen and died on 2 November 2020 in Berlin at the age of 67.

Oscar W. McConkie Jr.

Oscar Walter McConkie Jr. (May 26, 1926 – November 2, 2020) was an American politician and attorney. He was a leader in The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints (LDS Church). He was the president of the Utah State Senate from 1965 to 1966. He authored several popular books on Latter-day Saint subjects. He was born in Monticello, Utah.

McConkie Jr. died on November 2, 2020 from COVID-19 at the age of 94.

Monticello, Utah

Monticello ( ) is a city located in San Juan County, Utah, United States and is the county seat. It is the second most populous city in San Juan County, with a population of 1,824 at the 2020 census. It was made a city in 1910.

Robert Peterson (Canadian politician)

Robert W. Peterson (October 19, 1937 – November 5, 2020) was a Canadian Liberal politician. He was a senator from Saskatchewan. He was appointed to the Senate by Prime Minister Paul Martin on March 24, 2005. He left office on October 19, 2012.

Peterson died on November 5, 2020 at the age of 83.


Egyptian Mau

An Egyptian Mau is a small to medium cat breed. The average Egyptian Mau weighs 8-14 pounds, and grows up to 8-10 inches. This cat is a modern domestic animal. It is a mix between a Burmese and a Siamese.

An Egyptian Mau has a muscular body with fur that comes in all different colors including black, bronze, smoke, silver, blue, and caramel. This cat’s eyes are gooseberry green, giving a worried look on its face.

Erin Brady

Erin Joyce Brady (born November 5, 1987) is an American model, actress and pageant winner from Connecticut. Erin won Miss USA 2013. 

Erin was born on November 5, 1987, in East Hampton, Connecticut. Her father is Francis Brady and she has a sister named Audrey. Erin is a "compulsive gum chewer." Erin is of Armenian, Polish, German and Irish ancestry. 

As a young girl, Erin saw a crime scene, prompting her interesting in criminal justice, a subject in which she earned a major from Central Connecticut State University, becoming the first member of her family to do so. 

On December 13, 2014, Erin married Antonio "Tony" Capasso. They were engaged in Verona, Italy. The couple divorced in 2016, and in 2020 Erin married Nicholas Colagiovanni.

Erin has worked to raise awareness about the effects of drug and alchohol abuse. She told the Associated Press, "I grew up in a family influenced by that and I think it's really important to help the children of families that are suffering from those problems."

Erin has also worked tirelessly for the Ferrari and Friends Concorso, and the Make-A-Wish Foundation. In August 2013 she was inducted to the "Ride of Fame" of New York City.

Erin competed in Miss Connecticut USA 2012, where she finished second. 

She then competed in Miss Connecticut USA 2013, which she won, and subsequently participated in Miss USA 2013, where she finished first, becoming the first Connecticuter to win the title. During the finals, she was asked a question about a Supreme Court ruling regarding criminal justice, and Erin responded, "If someone is being prosecuted and committed a crime, it should happen. There are so many crimes that if that's one step closer to stopping them, then we should be able to do so." In the finals, Erin competed with Miss Alabama USA and won.

Erin is also a well-known actress, having performed in the following movies:


Reynaert

Reynaert (born Joseph Reynaerts; 24 July 1955 – 5 November 2020) was a Belgian pop singer-songwriter. He was best known for his participation in the 1988 Eurovision Song Contest. Reynaert's song "Laissez briller le soleil" ("Let the Sun Shine") was chosen as the Belgian representative in the 33rd Eurovision contest. He was born in Seraing, Belgium. 

On 5 November 2020, Reyneart died of COVID-19 in Brussels at the age of 65.

Henri Kichka

Henri Kichka (14 April 1926 – 25 April 2020) was a Belgian writer and Holocaust survivor. He was one of the leading figures in Holocaust education in Belgium.

Kichka was the only member of his family to have survived the deportation to camps in Central and Eastern Europe.

In 2005, published his autobiography, "Une adolescence perdue dans la nuit des camps", prefaced by Serge Klarsfeld. He is the father of cartoonist Michel Kichka.

Kichka died on 25 April 2020 at the age of 94 in Brussels of COVID-19 in Brussels. 

Géza Szőcs

Géza Szőcs (21 August 1953 – 5 November 2020) was a Hungarian poet and politician. He was from Transylvania, Romania. He was Secretary of State for Culture of the Ministry of National Resources in Hungary from 2 June 2010 to 13 June 2012.

Szőcs was infected during the COVID-19 pandemic in Hungary in October 2020. He was hospitalized in Budapest and died on 5 November 2020 from the infection, aged 67.

Lawrence O'Donnell

Lawrence Francis O'Donnell Jr. (born November 7, 1951) is an American television anchor, actor and political commentator. He is the host of "The Last Word with Lawrence O'Donnell", an MSNBC opinion and news program.

He was a producer and writer for the NBC series "The West Wing" (playing the role of the President's father in flashbacks) and creator/executive producer of the NBC series "Mister Sterling".

Lakhdar Bouregaa

Lakhdar Bouregaa (15 March 1933 – 4 November 2020) was an Algerian independentist militant. He was a Commander for the National Liberation Army from 1956 to 1962. He was against the Oujda Group following a clash in the summer of 1962. He was a co-founder of the Socialist Forces Front in 1963. He was a key figure during the 2019–20 Algerian protests.

Bouregaa died of COVID-19 in El Biar on 4 November 2020 at the age of 87.

Earshot (Buffy the Vampire Slayer)

"Earshot" is an episode of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer" season 3. It got delayed due to the Columbine High School massacre from April 27th to September 21st, 1999.

Buffy has touched a demon with has white fluid that can make her hear people’s thoughts. One of the thoughts she heard at the cafeteria was that someone is planning to kill someone else. The Scooby Gang have made a list of suspects on who would try to murder somebody at Sunnydale High. Buffy figured out that Jonathan Levinson is carrying a gun at the school bell. She told him not to hurt people. He explained that he wanted to kill himself. The real attempted murderer happens to be the lunch lady putting rat poison in food.

The episode was tastefully delayed due to Columbine and showing it then-recent would make it in poor taste given that one character uses a gun in a high school and that another character plans to start a massacre at the same high school.

Gordon Van Wylen

Gordon John Van Wylen (February 6, 1920 – November 5, 2020) was an American physicist and author. He wrote many textbooks on thermodynamics. He was chair of the physics department at the University of Michigan from 1969 to 1972 and President of Hope College in Holland, Michigan, from 1972 to 1987. He was born in Grant, Michigan.

Van Wylen turned 100 in February 2020. Van Wylen died on November 5, 2020 from COVID-19.

Grant, Michigan

Grant is a city in Newaygo County in the U.S. state of Michigan. The population was 952 at the 2020 census.

White Cloud, Michigan

White Cloud is a city in the U.S. state of Michigan, a small town on the bank of the White River. As of the 2020 census, the city population was 1,479. It is the county seat of Newaygo County. 

Joy Westmore

Joy Westmore (; 1932 — 5 November 2020) was an Australian actress. She was best known to international television viewers for her long-running role in "Prisoner" playing Joyce Barry Pringle. She played Mrs. Blanche White in an Australian TV game show version of "Cluedo". She also played Mrs. Forester in "Neighbours".

Westmore died on 5 November 2020 at the age of 88.

Sandra Harding

Sandra G. Harding (born March 29, 1935) is an American philosopher of feminist and postcolonial theory, epistemology, research methodology, and philosophy of science. Harding was born in New York City.

She taught for twenty years at the University of Delaware before moving to the University of California, Los Angeles in 1996. She directed the UCLA Center for the Study of Women from 1996 to 2000, and co-edited "" from 2000 to 2005. 

Harding teaches at UCLA and a Distinguished Affiliate Professor of Philosophy at Michigan State University. 

Mark Brown (Cook Islands)

Mark Brown is a Cook Islands politician. He has been the Prime Minister of the Cook Islands since 1 October 2020. He was Deputy Prime Minister under Henry Puna. He is a member of the Cook Islands Party.

Jim Marurai

Jim Marurai (9 July 1947 – 5 November 2020) was a Cook Islands politician. He was the 8th Prime Minister of the Cook Islands from 2004 to 2010. He was a member of the Democratic Party.

In March 2020 Marurai went missing from his home but was found after two days.

Marurai died on 5 November 2020 in Mangaia, Cook Islands at the age of 73.

Rabbit Hash, Kentucky

Rabbit Hash is an unincorporated community and census-designated place (CDP) in Boone County, Kentucky, United States, with a population of 254 (2020 census).

The community is well-known for electing dogs as their mayor.

Nathan Zach

Nathan Zach (13 December 1930 – 6 November 2020; Hebrew: נתן זך) was a German-born Israeli poet and educator. He was born in Berlin, Germany.

In 1955, he published his first collection of poetry ("Shirim Rishonim", ), and also translated many German plays for the Hebrew stage.

He is well known in Israel also for his translations of the poetry of Else Lasker-Schüler and Allen Ginsberg.

He taught at Tel Aviv University and was appointed professor at the University of Haifa. He has been chairman of the repertoire board of both the Ohel and Cameri theaters.

Zach died on 6 November 2020 in Jerusalem from Alzheimer's disease-related problems, aged 89.

Irinej

Irinej (, , ; 28 August 1930 – 20 November 2020) was the 45th Patriarch of the Serbian Orthodox Church, the spiritual leader of Eastern Orthodox Serbs, from 22 January 2010 to 20 November 2020.

His full title was "His Holiness the Archbishop of Peć, Metropolitan of Belgrade and Karlovci, and Serbian Patriarch Irinej". 

He was the Bishop of Niš between 1975 and 2010.

On 4 November 2020, Irinej tested positive to COVID-19. He died a few weeks later on 20 November from the infection in Belgrade, aged 90.

Peter Meijer

Peter James Meijer (born January 10, 1988) is an American politician and business analyst. He was the Republican U.S. representative for Michigan's 3rd congressional district from 2021 to 2023.

He is a member of the Meijer family, the owners of the Meijer supermarket chain.

He was one of 10 Republicans who voted to impeach Donald Trump during Trump's second impeachment.

Meijer lost the Republican primary for re-nomination on August 2, 2022 to John Gibbs.

Maine's 2nd congressional district

Maine's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Maine. 

It is the largest district east of the Mississippi River and the 24th-largest overall. It is the second-most rural district in the United States, with 72.11% of its population in rural areas, behind only Kentucky's 5th congressional district.

This congressional district gives one electoral vote to the presidential candidate who wins the popular vote in this district.

Nebraska's 2nd congressional district

Nebraska's 2nd congressional district is a congressional district in the U.S. state of Nebraska that makes-up the Omaha–Council Bluffs metropolitan area. 

It includes all of Douglas County, which includes Omaha, as well as the suburban areas of the western part of Sarpy County. 

It has been represented in the United States House of Representatives since 2017 by Don Bacon, a member of the Republican Party.

The district gives one electoral vote to the presidential candidate who wins the popular vote here.

Papillion, Nebraska

Papillion is a city in Sarpy County in the state of Nebraska, United States.

Madison Cawthorn

David Madison Cawthorn (born August 1, 1995) is an American politician. He is a member of the Republican Party. Cawthorn was the U.S. Representative for North Carolina's 11th congressional district from 2021 to 2023. 

During his time in Congress, he was the youngest member of Congress since Jed Johnson Jr. He lost renomination in 2022.

Cawthorn was born on August 1, 1995, in Asheville, North Carolina, to Priscilla and Roger Cawthorn. He was home-schooled in Hendersonville, North Carolina. As a teenager, he worked at a Chick-fil-A restaurant.

U.S. Representative Mark Meadows nominated Cawthorn to the United States Naval Academy in 2014, but his application was rejected. 

During the fall 2016 semester, Cawthorn went to Patrick Henry College, studying political science, but after having bad grades, he dropped out. At the time he dropped out of college, he was engaged, but his fiancée left him.

From January 2015 to August 2016, Cawthorn worked as a staff assistant in Representative Mark Meadows's district office.

In the March 2020 Republican primary for North Carolina's 11th congressional district, Cawthorn finished second behind Lynda Bennett, who was supported by both President Donald Trump and Cawthorn's former mentor, Mark Meadows, who had become White House Chief of Staff. But Bennett did not win the required 30% of the vote to avoid a runoff and Cawthorn won the June runoff in a landslide victory. His victory has been called an upset.

His time in congress was very controversial. He was accused of insider trading, improper payments, a leaked nude video, and claimed that other congressmen invited him to orgies and to use cocaine.

Before Trump supporters stormed the United States Capitol on January 6, Cawthorn said that the crowd "had some fight." He voted not to certify the Electoral College results in Congress and called Republicans who voted to certify the results "spineless cowards". 

He supported the false conspiracy theories that the election was stolen from Donald Trump. After the riots, Cawthorn later criticized the Trump supporters and said, "The party as a whole should have been much more wise about their choice of words." He later tried to blame the riots on Democrats.

During the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine, Cawthorn called Ukrainian president Volodymyr Zelenskyy a "thug" and said "the Ukrainian government is corrupt and incredibly evil". Many Republicans criticized him and said he was spreading pro-Russian propaganda.

On May 17, 2022, Cawthorn lost renomination to Chuck Edwards, a state senator by a 33.4% to 31.9% vote margin.

In 2014, at age 18, Cawthorn was seriously injured while returning from a spring-break trip to Florida. The car he was in crashed into a concrete barrier while Cawthorn's feet were on the dashboard. The accident left him paralyzed.

Cawthorn married Cristina Bayardelle, an athlete, in 2020. In December 2021, Cawthorn announced they were getting divorced.

Cawthorn said that he trained in wheelchair racing for the 2020 Summer Paralympics, but never competed at a qualifying level and was not involved in a team.

In August 2020, during Cawthorn's campaign for Congress, many women accused him of sexual misconduct, and sexual assault.


Lined tree frog

The lined tree frog ("Litoria quadrilineata") is a frog from Indonesia. Scientists saw it near Merauke.

Space Jam: A New Legacy

Space Jam: A New Legacy (also known as Space Jam 2) is a 2021 American live-action/animated sports comedy movie directed by Malcolm D. Lee. It is a stand-alone sequel to "Space Jam" (1996). The movie stars basketball star LeBron James and the Looney Tunes.


Additionally, Ernie Johnson Jr. and Lil Rel Howery appear as the game commentators. NBA players Kyrie Irving, Chris Paul, Draymond Green, and Kyle Kuzma as well as well WNBA player Chiney Ogwumike and actor Michael B. Jordan make cameo appearances.


The movie was going to be released after the success of the first movie. It was scrapped in favor of "". The project resurfaced in the 2010s. The movie was announced in 2019 as "Space Jam 2". In April 2020, LeBron James changed the movie's title to "Space Jam: A New Legacy" and was set for a July 2021 release. 

Samurai Jack (season 5)

Samurai Jack (season 5) was the fifth and final season of "Samurai Jack". It aired on Adult Swim on Spring 2017. 

Genndy Tartakovsky was contacted by Adult Swim to revive Samurai Jack with a fifth season consisting of ten episodes. Due to the shift of networks, the season allows more mature content including blood, swearing and sexual content. Since Mako Iwamatsu died in 2006 after the fourth season ended, Genndy hired Greg Baldwin to voice Aku for the final season. The season takes place fifty years after Jack saw the last time portal destroyed and lost his sword. A High Priestess (voiced by Grey DeLisle) has raised seven women known as the Daughters of Aku to hunt down Samurai Jack.

The season was well-liked and many liked how darker and edgier the tone was.

Ozzy &amp; Drix

Ozzy & Drix is an American animated television series based on the 2001 movie "Osmosis Jones". It aired on Kids WB from 2002 to 2004 and had reruns on Cartoon Network. Ozzy and Drix have been transmitted from a mosquito from Frank to Hector, where they protect a teenager's body from germs and other pathogens.


The show got a complete series DVD collection at the Warner Bros. website in 2018.

Normal (geometry)

In geometry, an object (such as a line) is called normal, if it is at a right angle to another object.

Nolan North

Nolan North (born October 31, 1970) is an American voice actor known for voicing Nathan Drake from the "Uncharted" franchise.



Maniac Magee

Maniac Magee is a children's book written by Jerry Spinelli. It was written in 1990. It won the Newbery Medal.

It is about a boy who runs away from his foster family. He lives with a black family in a town with racial segregation. He gets along with people because he is very athletic and kind.

Later, he lives with an old white man. Then he lives with the black family again.

Bruce Hurley

Bruce Hurley (February 16, 1934 – November 4, 2020) was an American politician. He was in the Tennessee House of Representatives as a Republican from the 9th District from 1971 to 1989. Hurley was born in Hancock County, Tennessee.

Hurley died on November 4, 2020 in Kingsport, Tennessee at the age of 86.

Sneedville, Tennessee

Sneedville is a town in and the county seat of Hancock County, Tennessee, United States. The population was 1,282 at the 2020 census.


Sneedville and Hancock County are known for being a hotspot for drug trafficking, production, and distribution. Methamphetamine, oxycodone, and opioids have caused a significant impact in the community.

Len Barry

Len Barry (born Leonard Borisoff; June 12, 1942 – November 5, 2020) was an American singer-songwriter and record producer. Performing with The Dovells, he was known for singing "Bristol Stomp" and "1-2-3".

On June 25, 2019, "The New York Times Magazine" listed Len Barry among hundreds of artists whose material was reportedly destroyed in the 2008 Universal fire.

Barry died on November 5, 2020 at a hospital in Philadelphia from myelodysplastic syndrome, aged 78.

Maggie Crotty

Maggie Crotty (October 16, 1948 – November 5, 2020) was an American politician. He was the Bremen Township Supervisor from 2005 to 2020. He was a Democratic member of the Illinois Senate from 2003 to 2013. She also was a member of the Illinois House of Representatives from 1996 until 2013.

Crotty was born in Chicago. She died on November 5, 2020 at the age of 72.

Bremen Township, Cook County, Illinois

Bremen Township is one of 29 townships in Cook County, Illinois, USA. As of the 2020 census, its population was 107,149.

Ossi Runne

Yrjö Osvald "Ossi" Rundberg (23 April 1927 – 5 November 2020) was a Finnish trumpeter, orchestra leader, composer, and record producer. He was born in Viipuri, Finland. He conducted Finland's entries at the Eurovision Song Contest. He first conducted the entry "Playboy" (which he also composed) at Luxembourg in 1966.

Runne died on 5 November 2020 in Helsinki at the age of 93.

Jim Ramstad

James Marvin Ramstad (May 6, 1946 – November 5, 2020) was an American lawyer and politician. He was a member of the Minnesota Senate from 1981 to 1991. He also was in the United States House of Representatives representing Minnesota's 3rd congressional district from 1991 to 2009. Ramstad was a member of the Republican Party. 

Ramstad was born in Jamestown, North Dakota. He studied at the University of Minnesota and at George Washington University. Ramstad died of Parkinson's disease-related problems in Wayzata, Minnesota on November 5, 2020 at the age of 74.

Wayzata, Minnesota

Wayzata ( ) is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States. It is about west of Minneapolis.

As of the 2020 census, the population was 4,434.

Jim Neilson

James Anthony "Chief" Neilson (November 28, 1940 – November 6, 2020) was a Canadian professional ice hockey defenceman. He played in the National Hockey League (NHL) for the New York Rangers, California Golden Seals, and Cleveland Barons.

Neilson was born in Big River, Saskatchewan. He played a total of 1023 games in the NHL, with 69 goals and 299 assists. He played from 1962–63 season to 1977–78 season in the NHL and 1978–79 in the WHA.

Neilson died on November 6, 2020.

Pooh (band)

Pooh was an Italian pop band formed in 1966 in Bologna.

Over the course of their career they sold over 100 million records. They are famous for progressive songs like "Parsifal", "Dove comincia il sole", "Odissey".

King Von

Dayvon Daquan Bennett, (August 9, 1994November 6, 2020) known professionally as King Von, was an American rapper. He was signed to Lil Durk's record label, Only the Family and Empire Distribution.

On February 21, 2020, Von released "Took Her To The O" which went on to become on his most popular songs. He followed that up with another album, "LeVon James", released on March 6, 2020.

On April 29, 2020, King Von released his single "Grandson for President", which did well in popularity.

On November 6, 2020, Bennett was killed after being shot at an Atlanta nightclub. He was 26 years old.

Barbara McAulay

Barbara Ethel McAulay Donnet (1929 – November 2020) was an Australian diver. She competed in the 1956 Melbourne Olympic Games. 

McAulay died in November 2020 at the age of 91.

Minnesota's 3rd congressional district

Minnesota's 3rd congressional district makes up the suburbs of Hennepin, Carver, and Anoka counties to the west, south, and north of Minneapolis. 

Democrat Dean Phillips currently represents the district in the U.S. House of Representatives, after beating incumbent Republican Erik Paulsen in the November 2018 midterm elections.

Chaska, Minnesota

Chaska is a city in Carver County, Minnesota, United States. The population was 23,770 at the 2020 census. It is the county seat of Carver County.

Deephaven, Minnesota

Deephaven is a city in Hennepin County, Minnesota, United States. It is located west-southwest of downtown Minneapolis. The population was 3,899 as of the 2020 Census, up from 3,642 as of the 2010 census.

Jesse McCartney

Jesse McCartney (born April 9, 1987) is an American singer-songwriter, and actor. He is known for his work in "All My Children" as JR Chandler. He was also part of the boy band Dream Street.

McCartney also is known for voicing Theodore in "Alvin and the Chipmunks" and Roxas in "Kingdom Hearts".

Ardsley, New York

Ardsley is a village in Westchester County, New York, United States. It is part of the town of Greenburgh. The village's population was 5,079 at the 2020 census.

Belle Starr (movie)

Belle Starr is a 1941 American western movie directed by Irving Cummings and starring Randolph Scott, Gene Tierney, Dana Andrews, John Strudwick, Elizabeth Patterson, Joe Sawyer, Chill Wills, Louise Beavers, James Flavin. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Song O' My Heart

Song O' My Heart is a 1930 American romance movie directed by Frank Borzage and starring John McCormack, Alice Joyce, Maureen O'Sullivan, John Garrick, Effie Ellsler. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Renato Carosone

Renato Carosone (; born Renato Carusone; January 3, 1920 – May 20, 2001) he is an Italian musician.

Are You There?

Are You There? is a 1930 American comedy movie directed by Hamilton MacFadden and starring Beatrice Lillie, John Garrick, Olga Baclanova, George Grossmith Jr., Roger Davis, Henry Victor, Lloyd Hamilton. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Andrzej Owczarek

Andrzej Owczarek (21 June 1950 – 6 November 2020) was a Polish politician, activist and educator. He was a member of the Civic Platform. Owczarek was born in Pabianice, Poland. From 1990 to 1996, he was the Mayor of Łask. From 2005 to 2015, he was a member of the Polish Senate.

Owczarek died of COVID-19 in Łódź, Poland, on 6 November 2020, at the age of 70.

Maurizio Micheli

Maurizio Micheli (born 3 February 1947) is an Italian actor. He was born in Livorno, Italy. He is also a movie and theater director, screenwriter, playwright, comedian, and television presenter.

Born in Livorno, at 11 Micheli moved to Bari and at 20 to Milan where he graduated at the School of "Dramatic Art" at the Piccolo Teatro.


Fernando Solanas

Fernando Ezequiel 'Pino' Solanas (16 February 1936 – 6 November 2020) was an Argentine movie director, screenwriter, and politician. He was known for directing "La hora de los hornos (The Hour of the Furnaces)" (1968), "Tangos: el exilio de Gardel" (1985), "Sur" (1988), "El viaje" (1992), and "Memoria del saqueo" (2004).

He was National Senator representing the Autonomous City of Buenos Aires for six years from 2013 to 2019. He was a member of the Proyecto Sur. In 2007, he unsuccessfully ran for President of Argentina.

Solanas was born in Buenos Aires. From 1976 to 1983, he lived in exile in Paris. He returned when the country became democratic. Solanas died of COVID-19 on 6 November 2020 in Paris, aged 84.


Ana Lilian de la Macorra

Ana Lilian de la Macorra (born November 27, 1957) is a producer and former Mexican actress, who worked on the programs "El Chavo del Ocho", "El Chapulín Colorado" and "Chespirito"; between 1975 and 1980, obtaining the permanent role of Paty in 1978 in El Chavo del Ocho.

Ana Lilian was born on November 27, 1957 in Mexico City, DF. Since she was a child, she was fond of animals, books, and music. As well as being very curious and starting to get into deeper issues with people.

Little was known about where she was after the show until December 2012, when a Peruvian television program found her in Mexico City. She currently lives with her partner, has two children, and works as a psychologist in Mexico City. She also writes for different magazines and newspapers on psychological issues.

Seun Osewa

Oluwaseun Temitope Osewa is a Nigerian internet entrepreneur. He is the founder of Nairaland, a popular internet forum launched in March 2005, which was projected as the biggest African forum by Forbes. YNaija listed him as one of the most innovative Nigerians in technology. He was also listed among T.I.N Magazine's top 10 most influential Nigerian online entrepreneurs in 2015.

Seun started Nairaland in year 2005.

Treasury Island tree frog

The Treasury Island tree frog ("Litoria thesaurensis") is a frog from New Guinea and other islands. It lives in both Indonesia and Papua New Guinea. It also lives on the Solomon Islands, New Britain and New Ireland. Scientists saw it as high in the hills as 1200 meters above sea level.

Budu Zivzivadze

Budu Zivzivadze (; born 10 March 1994) is Georgian football player. He plays for 2. Bundesliga club Karlsruher SC and the Georgia national team.


The Scorpion King: Rise of the Akkadian

The Scorpion King: Rise of the Akkadian is a 2002 video game that is a prequel to the 2002 movie. It was released on September 11, 2002 for the Nintendo GameCube and PlayStation 2. It had Dwayne Johnson returning for the voice of Mathayus.

Mathayus can use different swords and weapons that work against certain types of enemies.

Mathayus was training with his two brothers and is told by King Urmhet to go to Khemet.

The game had mixed to negative reviews, including the outdated graphics.

The Scorpion King: Sword of Osiris

The Scorpion King: Sword of Osiris is a 2002 video game that is a sequel to the 2002 movie. It was released in April 2002 exclusively for the Game Boy Advance.

Mathayus can use different swords and weapons that work against certain types of enemies. Once the game is completed, the game has a second walkthrough with Cassandra as the playable character.

Mathayus learned that Cassandra was taken by Menthu and Isis.

The game had positive reviews, even for a licensed game based on a movie.

Prophecy Girl

Prophecy Girl is the first season finale and twelfth episode of "Buffy the Vampire Slayer". It was aired in May 1997. It was written and directed by series creator Joss Whedon.

Giles reads a book that the Slayer must die from the Master. Buffy was killed by the Master. Angel helped revive Buffy, making the prophecy reversed. Buffy encountered the Master and killed him, leaving only his bones behind.

The episode and the other season one episodes were made out of order but aired in the story's chronology. It was intended to be the series finale before the WB ordered four extra seasons and UPN gave the show two more seasons.

Many people loved the season finale for being satisfying and series creator Joss Whedon considered it as one of his favorite episodes.

PLOS ONE

PLOS One is a scientific journal. It is an interdisciplinary journal. That means it prints scientific papers about almost any kind of science instead of just one. It prints papers about engineering, biology, the social sciences and humanities, for example science papers that talk about art. As of 2017, it was the largest scientific journal in the world by number of articles printed per year.

"PLOS ONE" is designed for research scientists are the primary audience for the journal, but ordinary people read it as well. Because of this, articles are written and edited to make them understandable to scientists in other fields and any educated person. 

"PLOS ONE" is published by the Public Library of Science. PLOS also publishes "PLOS Biology", "PLOS Medicine" and other journals.

Scientists must pay a fee to publish in "PLOS ONE", sometimes as much as US$1695. But then the study is available for people to read without paying a fee. It is not behind a paywall.

"PLOS ONE" can publish 20,000 scientific papers in one year. That means sometimes it publishes bad papers by accident. In 2016, "PLOS ONE" published many retractions, which means it said publicly that some of its papers were bad, said how they were bad, and said it did not believe in them.


Looney Tunes: Back in Action

Looney Tunes: Back in Action is a 2003 live-action/animated spy comedy movie directed by Joe Dante.

At the Warner Bros. Movie Studios, Daffy Duck reads a script for a Looney Tunes cartoon and was unhappy that he gets blasted by Elmer Fudd multiple times in the script. Stuntman DJ Drake chased him as Daffy Duck takes a Batmobile and crashes it to the Warner Bros. water tower. Daffy and DJ get fired from the studios.


The movie was originally going to be called Spy Jam but it was changed to Looney Tunes: Back in Action to prevent associations with Space Jam.

Critics and audiences loved it but it didn't do well at the box office.

Rayman (character)

Rayman is the title character of the "Rayman" video game franchise. He has no arms, legs and a neck.

Michel Ancel came up with the character because there were limits on the game's data.

Rayman has been voiced by David Gasman and Billy West in the franchise.

Rayman is considered one of the best Ubisoft characters thanks to the simple animation for him and his friendly attitude.

Daredevil (TV series)

Marvel's Daredevil is a superhero Netflix show based on the character of the same name. It ran from April 10, 2015 to October 19, 2018 for three seasons.


After the rights for Daredevil reverted to Marvel, the show began production.

The first two seasons were acclaimed and considered better than the 2003 movie.

The Punisher (2004 movie)

The Punisher is a 2004 crime action drama movie based on the Marvel character of the same name.


Development started in 1997.


Military and Overseas Voter Empowerment Act

The Military and Overseas Voter Empowerment Act is a United States law made in 2009. It made it easier for Americans who live outside the United States to vote in United States elections.

The law says that each state has to allow people to register to vote through the Internet. It says the states must send ballots to its voters at least 45 days before each election.

President Barack Obama signed the bill. Senator Charles Schumer sponsored it.

The Incredibles (video game)

The Incredibles is a 2004 video game based on the 2004 animated movie of the same name. It was released for the Game Boy Advance, Nintendo GameCube, PlayStation 2 and Xbox. It had Samuel L. Jackson and Jason Lee returning as the voices of Frozone and Buddy Pine.

For Mr. Incredible's levels, he can attack enemies and lift objects. For Dash's levels, he can race in an obstacle course.

Unlike the movie, the game ends with just the Incredibles defeating the Omnidroid.

The game had good reviews.

Daredevil (video game)

Daredevil is a 2003 video game based on the 2003 movie of the same name. It was released for the Game Boy Advance.

Unlike the movie, Daredevil encounters other villains including Kirigi and Echo. Stick, the mentor figure in the comics helps Daredevil throughout the game.

The game had mixed reviews.

Bender (Futurama)

Bender Bending Rodriguez is a fictional animated robot made for the animated sci-fi sitcom "Futurama". He is voiced by John DiMaggio.

Bender was made in Tijuana, Mexico.

Since his first appearance, Bender is known for saying "Bite my shiny metal ass" and tons of variations throughout the show.

Bender is considered a fan-favorite among Futurama fans.

12-Bar Original

"12 Bar Original" is an instrumental by English rock band the Beatles. It was recorded in November 1965 at the same time as the songs on the band's 1965 album "Rubber Soul". It was recorded just after the song "What Goes On". It wasn't released until the band's 1996 compilation album "Anthology 2". It was written by all four of the Beatles: John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Ringo Starr.

Personnel per Ian MacDonald:


Doctor Neo Cortex

Doctor Neo Periwinkle Cortex is the main villain of the "Crash Bandicoot" franchise. He was voiced by Clancy Brown and Lex Lang.

Neo Cortex became a mad scientist and made an Evolvo-Ray where he can mutate animals into mutants. He used it on Crash Bandicoot, but Crash escaped.

A lot of people liked Cortex as a villain.

Nemesis (Resident Evil)

Nemesis is an evil creature found in the "Resident Evil" franchise.

Nemesis is a monster created by the Umbrella Corporation.

Matt Addison has been taken by Umbrella Corporation to become Project Nemesis. In "" (2004), Nemesis appears as a villain in the movie.

The creature has received great reviews.

Hitman: Contracts

Hitman: Contracts is a 2004 action video game that is the third game of the "Hitman" franchise. Half of the levels are remakes from the first game.

Agent 47 can use stealth and weapons to assassinate targets and other people.

Agent 47 has been shot by a French police officer, seriously injuring him. He hallucinates several of his past missions, while getting medical help from a medic who was sent to him. Later, as the police are raiding the hotel he is staying in, he escapes the hotel and assassinates the police officer who started the raid. He is then informed about a rival agency threatening to take down the Agency 47 works for.

The game was well-received, with some reviews liking the dark atmosphere and levels. Some reviewers, however, didn't like how the game wasn't significantly different from the previous game.

Leonid Osipov

Leonid Mikhaylovich Osipov (, 6 February 1943 – 5 November 2020) was a Russian water polo player. He competed for the Soviet Union in the 1964, 1968 and in the 1972 Summer Olympics. In 1964, he won a bronze medal. In 1968, he won a silver medal. In 1972, he won a gold medal.

Osipov died on 5 November 2020 at the age of 77.

Giuseppe Amadei

Giuseppe Amadei (18 March 1919 – 6 November 2020) was an Italian politician. He was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 1958 to 1987. From 1984 to 1989, he was a member of the European Parliament. Amadei was a member of the Italian Democratic Socialist Party.

Amadei died on 6 November 2020 at the age of 101.

Cándido Camero

Cándido de Guerra Camero (22 April 1921 – 7 November 2020), also known simply as Cándido, was a Cuban conga and bongo player. He also played the tres, drums, and acoustic bass. He was the first player to create techniques to play multiple conga drums.

Camero died on November 7, 2020, at his home in New York City, aged 99.

Jeanne Little

Jeanne Mitchell OAM (11 May 1938 – 7 November 2020), professionally known as Jeannie Little, was a Gold Logie-award-winning Australian television personality and singer. She was born in Sydney. Little was best known for her appearances on "The Mike Walsh Show", "Cuckoo in the Nest" and "Beauty and the Beast".

Little was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease in 2009. She died from the disease in Sydney on 7 November 2020, aged 82.

Jonathan Sacks

Jonathan Henry Sacks, Baron Sacks, (; 8 March 1948 – 7 November 2020) was a British Orthodox rabbi, philosopher, theologian, author, and politician.

He was the Chief Rabbi of the United Hebrew Congregations of the Commonwealth from 1991 to 2013. He was in charge of the United Synagogue, the largest synagogue body in the UK. He was the Chief Rabbi of those Orthodox synagogues. 

As Chief Rabbi, Sacks formally carried the title of Av Beit Din (head) of the London Beth Din. At the time of his death, he was the Emeritus Chief Rabbi.

Sacks died on 7 November 2020, at age 72. He had been diagnosed with cancer in October 2020, having been twice previously treated for the disease.

Anicetus Bongsu Antonius Sinaga

Anicetus Bongsu Antonius Sinaga, (25 September 1941 – 7 November 2020) was the Indonesian Roman Catholic bishop of the Diocese of Sibolga and then Archbishop of the Archdiocese of Medan from 2009 to 2018.

On 20 October 2020, it was reported that Sinaga had tested positive for the COVID-19 virus. Sinaga died on 7 November 2020 from the infection, aged 79.

Inauguration of Joe Biden

The inauguration of Joe Biden as the 46th president of the United States happened on January 20, 2021. It was the start of the four-year term of Joe Biden as president and Kamala Harris as vice president. 

A public ceremony happened on the West Front of the United States Capitol Building in Washington, D.C. The event was the 59th presidential inauguration. 

Biden took the oath of office as president on that day and Harris took the oath of office as vice president. 

Chief Justice John Roberts gave Biden's oath of office and Associate Justice Sonia Sotomayor gave Harris' oath of office.

All events did not have a lot of people because of the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States. People had to wear masks and temperature checks along with social distancing during the ceremony.

Carmen Sevilla

María del Carmen García Galisteo (October 16, 1930 – June 27, 2023), known professionally as Carmen Sevilla, was a Spanish actress, singer and television presenter. Her movie roles include Academy Award nominee "Vengeance", "Searching for Monica" (1962) and the 1956 French movie "Don Juan".

In 2012, Sevilla was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. She died at her home in Madrid, Spain on June 27, 2023 from the disease, aged 92.

Paull Shin

Paull Shin (Shin Hobom, Korean: 신호범; September 27, 1935 – April 12, 2021) was an American politician. He was a member of the Washington State Senate from 1999 to 2014. He was the first Korean American ever elected to the Washington State Legislature. 

Shin was a member of the Democratic Party. He was born in Paju, South Korea.

In January 2014, Shin was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He died from problems caused by the disease on April 12, 2021 in Edmonds, Washington at the age of 85.

Paju

Paju () is a city in Gyeonggi Province, South Korea. Paju was made a city in 1997.

The city area of Paju is , and it is located just south of Panmunjeom on the 38th parallel. 

Man Trouble (1930 movie)

Man Trouble is a 1930 American crime drama movie directed by Berthold Viertel and starring Milton Sills, Dorothy Mackaill, Kenneth MacKenna, Sharon Lynn, Oscar Apfel, Roscoe Karns. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Bad Girl

Bad Girl is a 1931 American drama movie directed by Frank Borzage and was based on the 1928 novel and 1930 play of the same name by Viña Delmar. It stars Sally Eilers, James Dunn, Minna Gombell and was distributed by 20th Century Fox. It was nominated for 3 Oscars and won 2 Academy Awards in 1932.



Donkey Kong Country Returns 3D

Donkey Kong Country Returns 3D is a platform video game for the Nintendo 3DS game console released in 2013. It is a port of the 2010 Wii game "Donkey Kong Country Returns".

Paris (Paris Hilton album)

Paris is the debut studio album by American socialite Paris Hilton. It was released on August 22, 2006, by Warner Bros. Records. The full album was released on AOL Music on August 14, 2006, becoming available for online downloading eight days before the actual release date.

"Paris" received generally mixed reviews from music critics.

Additional notes

Performers

Production

Credits adapted from the album's liner notes.


Shoot-Out at Medicine Bend

Shoot-Out at Medicine Bend is a 1957 American western movie directed by Richard L. Bare and starring Randolph Scott, James Craig, Angie Dickinson, James Garner, Trevor Bardette, Myron Healey, John Alderson, Don Beddoe. It was distributed by Warner Bros..


Donkey Kong Land III

Donkey Kong Land III (also called Donkey Kong Land 3) is a Game Boy video game that is a part of the "Donkey Kong" video game series. This game was released in 1997 by Nintendo and was developed by Rare, Ltd.. It was rereleased in 2000 exclusively in Japan for the Game Boy Color and is a sequel to "Donkey Kong Land" and "Donkey Kong Land 2".

DK Jungle Climber

DK: Jungle Climber, known as Donkey Kong: Jungle Climber in Japan and Europe, is a puzzle video game in the "Donkey Kong" series. It was released for the Nintendo DS in 2007. It is a sequel to the 2005 Game Boy Advance game "DK: King of Swing".

NBA 2K14

NBA 2K14 is a basketball video game developed by Visual Concepts and published by 2K Sports. It was released on October 1, 2013 for the Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360. The PlayStation 4 and Xbox One versions were released on the consoles' respective launch dates. LeBron James of the Miami Heat is the cover athlete of the game as well as the music curator. As the fourteenth installment in the series, "NBA 2K14" is the successor to "NBA 2K13" and the predecessor to "NBA 2K15". This game, along with "WWE 2K14", were planned for Wii U releases, but were canceled.

Scare Force One

Scare Force One is an album from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi.


Monstereophonic (Theaterror Vs. Demonarchy)

Monstereophonic (Theaterror Vs. Demonarchy) is an album from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi.


Sexorcism

Sexorcism is an album from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi.


Killection

Killection is an album from the Finnish hard rock/heavy metal band Lordi.


Lloyds Banking Group

Lloyds Bank plc is a British retail and commercial bank with branches across England and Wales. It has traditionally been considered one of the "Big Four" clearing banks. The bank was founded in Birmingham in 1765. It expanded during the nineteenth and twentieth centuries and took over a number of smaller banking companies. In 1995 it merged with the Trustee Savings Bank and traded as Lloyds TSB Bank plc between 1999 and 2013.
The bank is the principal subsidiary of Lloyds Banking Group, which was formed in January 2009 by the acquisition of HBOS by the then-Lloyds TSB Group. That year, following the UK bank rescue package, the British Government took a 43.4% stake in Lloyds Banking Group. As a condition imposed by the European Commission regarding state aid, the group later announced that it would create a new standalone retail banking business, made up of a number of Lloyds TSB branches and those of Cheltenham & Gloucester. The new business began operations on 9 September 2013 under the TSB brand. Lloyds TSB was subsequently renamed Lloyds Bank on 23 September 2013. On 17 March 2017, the British Government confirmed its remaining shares in Lloyds Banking Group had been sold.
Lloyds Bank is the largest retail bank in Britain, and has an extensive network of branches and ATM in England and Wales (as well as an arrangement for its customers to be serviced by Bank of Scotland branches in Scotland, Halifax branches in Northern Ireland and vice versa) and offers 24-hour telephone and online banking services. As of 2012 it has 16 million personal customers and small business accounts.

It has its operational Headquarters in London and other offices in Wales and Scotland. It also operates a number of office complex, brand headquarters and data centres in Yorkshire including Leeds, Sheffield and Halifax.

Menemsorae tree frog

The Menemsorae tree frog ("Litoria timida") is a frog from New Guinea. Scientists saw it in Papua New Guinea near the Fly River and Milne Bay, and they think it might also live in Indonesia. Its body is about 2.5 cm in length.

Nekenčiu reklamos

Nekenčiu reklamos (literally "I hate commercials") is a Lithuanian comedy television series. It ran for 33 episodes, which were shown from 2000-2001. It was created by Rolandas Kazlas, who plays Pranas Rupšplaukis, Cezaris Graužinis and Neringa Varnelytė in the series.

The series depicts nonsensical funny commercials and Pranas Rupšlaukis' life near television.

Brothers in Arms (album)

Brothers in Arms is the fifth studio album by British rock band Dire Straits. It was released on 13 May 1985 by Vertigo Records, and by Warner Bros. Records in the United States. It went to number one in the charts in many countries. It was number one on the "Billboard" 200 in the United States for 9 weeks and was number one on the UK Albums Chart for 14 weeks. It is the eighth-best-selling album in UK chart history and one of the world's best-selling albums. It sold over 30 million copies worldwide.

The album won a Grammy Award in 1986 for Best Engineered Album, Non-Classical. The 20th anniversary version of the album also won a Grammy Award in 2006 for Best Surround Sound Album.

All songs were written by Mark Knopfler, except where noted. Some of the track lengths on the LP version are different from the lengths on the CD and cassette versions because the full tracks would not all fit on a single vinyl disc.

Credits adapted from album liner notes.
Dire Straits
Other musicians

Manda, Jammu

Manda is a village and an archaeological site in Jammu. Jammu is in the Indian union territory of Jammu and Kashmir. It was excavated by Archaeological Survey of India during 1976-77. The survey was done by J. P. Joshi. The site contains the ruins of an ancient Indus Valley Civilization.

The excavation found 9.20 meters deep of ruins. These consists of items found in 3 different periods of time. The first period contain two sub periods. The second period has early historical pottery. They are from North India. These pottery are similar to the those discovered elsewhere in North India. The third period consists of antiquities from the Kushan period. There are also house walls and a 3 meters wide street found in the ruins. The site seems to have been deserted after that.

Manda is on the right river bank of Chenab River. The river is at the foot of Pir Panjal mountain range. Manda is 28 km northwest of Jammu. It was thought to be the northernmost limit of the Harappan Civilisation. It is also considered the northmost site of Indus Valley Civilisation.

Manda is likely a town that is set up by people of the Indus Valley Civilisation. They likely use it to do logging to get wood from Himalayan Sub mountains. They use the river near the town to send the wood to other towns of the Indus Valley Civilization.

There are several artefacts found in the site. They include redware from the Pre Harappan era. These redware are terracotta jar, plates, racks for plates and others. These made up of 15% to 25% of total artefacts found.

Important artefacts found are broken fragments of pots having the writing system of Harappan people craved into them. There is also one unfinished seal of the Harappan government found in the ruins.

The dig is done on a small, restricted scale. There are no specific structures that could be exposed. One exception is a collapsed rubble wall-like structure.


Map of Indus Valley Civilisation sites

Liliom (1930 movie)

Liliom is a 1930 American drama movie directed by Frank Borzage and was based on the 1909 play of the same name by Ferenc Molnár. It stars Charles Farrell, Rose Hobart, Lee Tracey, H. B. Warner, Estelle Taylor, Walter Abel, Bert Roach and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

The Good Companions (1957 movie)

The Good Companions is a 1957 British musical movie directed by J. Lee Thompson and was based on the 1929 novel of the same name by J. B. Priestley and was the remake of the 1933 movie of the same name. It stars Eric Portman, Celia Johnson, Hugh Griffith, Janette Scott, John Fraser, Joyce Grenfell, Rachel Roberts, Shirley Anne Field.

Taxman

"Taxman" is a song by English rock band the Beatles. It was first released on their 1966 album "Revolver". It was written by George Harrison, with some help from John Lennon. It is about a tax collector taking a lot of money from people. Harrison wrote it because he was being taxed a lot because of Harold Wilson's Labour government. The song was recorded a month after Labour won the 1966 general election.

According to Ian MacDonald, except where noted:



Bristol Bulldog

The Bristol Bulldog was a British Royal Air Force single-seat biplane fighter designed during the 1920s by the Bristol Aeroplane Company. More than 400 Bulldogs were produced for the RAF and overseas customers, and it was one of the most famous aircraft used by the RAF during the inter-war period.

Sensō-ji

Many times in Japanese history, Sensō-ji had a very big role. For example, during the Edo shogunate, when Tokugawa Ieyasu was the leader of Japan, he made Sensō-ji the most important temple of the Tokugawa clan. Later on, some stores were opened in front of the temple. These stores are still in front of the temple right now.

The buildings on the land of the temple are not the original ones when the temple was first created. Many of the gates and art have been created again after their destruction.

A legend from the area says that in the 7th century, some fishermen found a gold statuette of Kannon. The statuette was caught in their fishing nets on the Sumida River. Sensō-ji was built so that people could worship the statuette. The land that Sensō-ji is on used to have a very big Buddhist temple in the 8th century.

During World War II, Japan was fighting the United States. Because of this, many Japanese cities were hit by bombs coming from airplanes. During the Great Tokyo Air Raid in March 1945, Sensō-ji and other parts of Asakusa were destroyed. This included many buildings of the temple and some art.

The is one of the two big gates of Sensō-ji. People that go through the gate will get to the actual temple building and the Hōzōmon. The gate is tall, wide and has an area of . The gate has a big red lantern. It is usually replaced close to every 10 years.

The gate that is in front of the temple right now is not the same one that used to be used. The first gate was created in 941 (during the Heian period) and was burned down in a fire in 1865. After Konosuke Matsushita gave money for it to be built again, a new gate was built in 1960.

The is the other big gate of Sensō-ji. It is closer to the temple than the Kaminarimon. The gate has two storeys (called a nijūmon in Japanese). Inside the gate, many important objects are kept there.

On the left and the right side of the gate, two very big sandals that are made of straw (called "ōwaraji", or "big waraji") are hung. They are both long, wide, and have a weight of . New sandals are made every 10 years by people from Tateokāramachi, a neighbourhood in Murayama, Yamagata. The eighth pair of sandals was made in 2018. The ōwaraji are hung there to protect the temple from evil. They are supposed to show how powerful the statues of Nio in the Hōzōmon are. The first ōwaraji were from 1941. The tradition comes from Toshizo Matsuoka, who was a part of the House of Representatives of Japan. He gave some straw sandals to the temple.

The is a street in front of the temple. Around the street are many small stores that sell souvenirs and food. The street is long and has 89 shops.

New Movietone Follies of 1930

New Movietone Follies of 1930 is a 1930 American musical movie directed by Benjamin Stoloff and is a follow up to the 1929 movie "Fox Movietone Follies of 1929". It stars El Brendel, Marjorie White, Noel Francis, William Collier Jr., Miriam Seegar, Betty Grable and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Seymour Topping

Seymour Topping (December 11, 1921 – November 8, 2020) was an American journalist. He was best known for his work as a foreign correspondent focusing on wars in China, Korea, Vietnam, Laos, and Cambodia, and the Cold War in Europe. 

From 1969 to 1986, he was the second senior-most editor at "The New York Times". He was the San Paolo Professor Emeritus of International Journalism at Columbia University. He was administrator of the Pulitzer Prizes from 1993 to 2002. 

Topping died on November 8, 2020 in White Plains, New York, at the age of 98 from a stroke.

Topping was the author of the following books:


Articles by Topping and his wife were included in "The New York Times Report from Red China" (New York: Quadrangle Books, 1971).


Resident Evil 3: Nemesis (1999 video game)

Resident Evil 3: Nemesis is a 1999 survival horror video game that is the third main entry of the "Resident Evil" franchise. It is set before and after the events of "Resident Evil 2". It was remade in 2020.

The player can play as Jill Valentine and defeat zombies including the titular Nemesis.

People loved the game but felt it was too short for a sequel. Nemesis is known for being a challenging boss.

Bishop Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn

Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn (1876- 1948) was the 1st Vietnamese Bishop of the Bui Chu Diocese and the 2nd Vietnamese Bishop of the Vietnamese Catholic Church. In addition, he was a moral and cultural educator and a religious leader of Vietnam in the first half of the 20th century. Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn was the founder of the Congregation of The Daughters of Our Lady of The Holy Rosary in Vietnam.

"Bishop Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn was not Colonel Hồ Ngọc Cẩn."

Hồ Ngọc Cẩn’s birth name was Hồ Ngọc Ca. He was born on December 3, 1876 in the Ba Châu Community, Vĩnh Lưu Village, Hương Trà Town, Thua Thien-Huế Province. Joseph Hồ Ngọc Tri and Anna Nguyễn Thị Đào were his parents.

In 1886, Hồ Ngọc Cẩn’s father died when Cẩn was 10 years old. His mother took him and his younger brother to live in their mother's hometown in Trường An Village.

In 1888, Hồ Ngọc Cẩn was adopted by the priest Franics Trương Văn Thường, and he took and failed the exam for the An Ninh Minor Seminary in Quảng Trị Province.

By 1889, Hồ Ngọc Cẩn passed his exam and entered An Ninh Minor Seminary at Cửa Tùng Town, Quảng Trị Province. Two years after entering the Seminary, Seminarian Hồ Ngọc Cẩn was adopted by the priest Eugène Marie Joseph Allys. During the next seven years, Hồ Ngọc Cẩn studied at An Ninh Minor Seminary. On May 5,1896, Hồ Ngọc Cẩn entered and studied at the Major Seminary of Phú Xuân for four years.

On December 22, 1900, Hồ Ngọc Cẩn was appointed as Sub-Deacon. At this time, Hồ Ngọc Cẩn changed his birth name from Hồ Ngọc Ca to Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn. On February 2, 1902, Seminarian Hồ Ngọc Cẩn was awarded the position of Deacon.

On February 20, 1902, Hồ Ngọc Cẩn was ordained a priest at the age of 26. By February 1903, Father Hồ Ngọc Cẩn was appointed deputy priest of Kẻ Văn Parish in Quảng Trị Province. At Kẻ Văn, Father Hồ Ngọc Cẩn established literacy classes and Biblical study to improve education for the children and adults. From 1907 to 1910, he became the pastor of the Kẻ Hạc Parish in Quảng Bình Province.

On September 17, 1910, Father Hồ Ngọc Cẩn was appointed professor at the An Ninh Sub Seminary in Quảng Trị Province. He taught Latin, French, Math, and Vietnamese.

In 1923, Father Hồ Ngọc Cẩn was appointed as the pastor of the Trường An Community. By 1924, Father Hồ Ngọc Cẩn was appointed as the director of the seminary in Trường An and was the first Vietnamese professor to teach at the Catholic Seminary.

On May 19, 1935, Father Hồ Ngọc Cẩn was appointed by the Holy See as Deputy Bishop of the Bui Chu Diocese. He was the first Vietnamese Bishop to be ordained in Vietnam.

On June 29, 1935, Father Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn was ordained as a Bishop in the Catholic Church at Phủ Cam Main Cathedral. His Coat-of-arms bore the motto: “In Omni Patientia et Doctrina” which means “In everything Patience and Teaching.” He was the second Vietnamese priest to be  named of Bishop following the Bishop Jean-Baptiste Nguyễn Bá Tòng. After one year as Deputy Bishop, Bishop Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn succeeded Bishop Pedro Munagorri Trung as the Diocesan Bishop of Bui Chu.

On November 27, 1948, Bishop Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn died from complications from asthma at the Bui Chu Bishop’s House at the age of 72. Three days later, Bishop Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn was buried in the Bui Chu Cathedral.

Bishop Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn established the Sacred Heart Hospital in Bui Chu and assigned the Sisters of St. Paul to manage the hospital in 1945. He assisted the Department of Orphanages and the Common House Fund to rescue many victims of the famine at Bui Chu in At Dau (1945). He was also appointed as a supreme adviser as requested by the government of President Ho Chi Minh in 1945.

Bishop Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn opened four primary schools in Bui Chu. He set up a primary school in "Saigon." 

Bishop Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn built an additional four primary schools in Huế, he assigned the administration and teaching to the monks of the Order of the Sacred Heart. He established the printing house "Trường An" which specialized in printing books and documents containing the Catechism and the teachings of the Catholic Church in the  Archdiocese of Huế.

In addition to being a teacher, Bishop Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn was also a writer and a journalist.

In 1923, Bishop Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn supervised the Congregation of the Sacred Heart of Huế. After one year, he became the first superior of this Order.

Previously, the Bui Chu Diocese had a Major Seminary, but after 1931, students of the Seminary were under the leadership of the Grand Seminary in Nam Dinh. Bishop Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn re-established the Quan Phuong Seminary in 1940.

On September 8, 1946, the founder Bishop Dominic Mary Hồ Ngọc Cẩn officially announced the establishment of the Congregation of The Daughters of Our Lady of The Holy Rosary in Bui Chu, Vietnam or Vietnamese name was Hội Dòng Chị Em Con Đức Mẹ Mân Côi Bui Chu, Việt Nam . The symbol for this congregation is FMSR, it is taken from French, which means, "Filliarum Maria sacrosancto Rosario". Since that time, the Daughters of Our Lady of the Holy Rosary have continued to flourish.


Anna Christie

Anna Christie is a 1930 American romantic drama movie directed by Clarence Brown and was based on the 1921 play of the same name by Eugene O'Neill. It stars Greta Garbo, Charles Bickford, George F. Marion, Marie Dressler, Lee Phelps and was distributed by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1930 and a German-language version was also made in the same year.


Hawker Hart

The Hawker Hart was an airplane from the 1920s. It was a British plane with two sets of wings, a light bomber. Two people could ride in the plane, a pilot and a gunner. The Royal Air Force used the Hawker Hart. It was designed during the 1920s by Sydney Camm and built by Hawker Aircraft.

Engineers used the Hawker Hart to test new airplane engines.

Jose Manuel Romualdez

Jose Manuel "Babe" del Gallego Romualdez (born November 8, 1947) is a Filipino journalist, publisher and business executive who is the current Ambassador of the Philippines to the United States. He previously served as Special Envoy of President Rodrigo Duterte to the United States.

Robert Sam Anson

Robert Sam Anson (March 12, 1945November 2, 2020) was an American journalist and author. He was known for his work as an editor to "Vanity Fair" for over 20 years. 

He also wrote for other American magazines such as "Esquire", "Life", and "The Atlantic".

Anson died at his home in Rexford, New York on November 2, 2020 from dementia-related problems, aged 75.

Rexford, New York

Rexford is a hamlet in Saratoga County, New York. The ZIP Code is 12148.


June Foulds

June Florence Foulds (13 June 1934 – November 2020) was a British track and field sprint runner.

She was married to British Olympic fencer Raymond Paul. 

She appeared as a "castaway" on the BBC Radio programme "Desert Island Discs" on 17 November 1958.

Foulds died at the age of 86.

Foulds competed in the 100 m, 200 m and 4 × 100 metres relay at the 1952 and 1956 Olympics and won a bronze and a silver medal in the relay. 

Algebraic number

A real or complex number is called an algebraic number if it is a solution of some one-variable polynomial equation whose coefficients are all integers. All rational numbers are algebraic numbers, along with some irrational numbers. For example, the golden ratio formula_1 is a solution to the equation formula_2. A real or complex number that is not algebraic is called transcendental.

While this is an abstract notion, theoretical mathematics has potentially far-reaching applications in communications and computer science, especially in data encryption and security.

John Fraser (actor)

John Alexander Fraser (18 March 1931 – 7 November 2020) was a Scottish actor and author. He was best known for his roles in "The Good Companions" (1957), "The Trials of Oscar Wilde" (1960), "El Cid" (1961), "Repulsion" (1965) and "Isadora" (1968).

Howie Meeker

Howard William Meeker, C.M. (4 November 1923 – 8 November 2020) was a Canadian right winger in the National Hockey League. He was also a television sports announcer as well as a Progressive Conservative Member of Parliament from 1951 to 1953.

Meeker was the last surviving member of the Maple Leafs 1947 Stanley Cup team, the Maple Leafs 1949 Stanley Cup team, the Maple Leafs 1951 Stanley Cup team, and the inaugural NHL All-Star Game.

Meeker died on November 8, 2020 in hospital in Nanaimo, British Columbia at the age of 97.

Sanchaman Limboo

Sanchaman Limboo (15 January 1947 – 8 November 2020) was an Indian politician. He was the fourth Chief Minister of Sikkim from June 1994 to December 1994. He was a member of the Sikkim Sangram Parishad.

Limboo died on 8 November 2020 after a long illness at the age of 73.

Miro Steržaj

Miroslav "Miro" Steržaj (28 February 1933 – 8 November 2020) was a Slovene 9 pin bowling player, politician and businessman. He was born in Rakek, Municipality of Cerknica. From 1988 to 1992, he was mayor of Ljutomer.

Steržaj died on 8 November 2020 in Ljutomer at the age of 87.

Vasile Gherasim

Vasile Gherasim (January 27, 1950 – 7 November 2020) was a Romanian politician. He was a Deputy from 2008 to 2012. He was also Mayor of Bucharest from 2000 to 2004. 

Gherasim died on 7 November 2020 in Bucharest from COVID-19 at the age of 70.

Bones Hillman

Wayne Stevens (7 May 1958 – 7 November 2020), known by the stage name Bones Hillman, was a New Zealand musician. He was best known as the bass guitarist for the Australian alternative rock band Midnight Oil, which he joined in 1987 and remained with until his death in 2020. He was born in Auckland.

Hillman died on 7 November 2020 in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, from cancer at the age of 62.

Leslie Carter

Leslie Carter (June 6, 1986 – January 31, 2012) was an American pop singer. She is a sister to Nick Carter and Aaron Carter.

Carter signed a deal with DreamWorks Records in 1999.

Carter died of a drug overdose in January 2012. She was buried at New York.


Hou Feng

Hou Feng (; 3 February 1928 - 7 November 2020) was a Chinese engineer. He was known for his works in plant breeding. He was known for his disease resistant cucumber, which earned him the nickname "Cucumber King" (). 

He was a member of the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences (CAAS) and Chinese Society for Horticultural Science (CSHS).

Hou died of illness in Tianjin, on November 7, 2020 at the age of 92.

Mike Phiromphon

Mike Phiromphon is a Thai singer from Isan area. He is laborer' s celeb from Thailand. 

He was born in Udon Thani Province. His life is hard by his famliy poor. He worked in Bangkok with security guards, carryman, to the waiter. He started on stage in 1995 by artist from GMM Grammy.

His popular song include "Phu Yu Bueang Lang", "Ya Jai Khon Jon", "Nuei Mai Khon Dee", "Pha Khao Bon Ba Say", "Dao Jai Fa", "Thee Phueng Khon Klai", "Klub Kham Sa Lar", etc.

In now, he stopped to stage and go to his birthplace for to farmer job. He married and they have three daughters.

Song Jae-ho

Song Jae-ho (born Song Jae-eon; March 10, 1937 – November 7, 2020) was a South Korean actor. He made his acting debut in 1959. He was best known for his role in "Yeong-ja's Heydays" (1975). He also starred in "Memories of Murder" (2003), "The President's Last Bang" (2005) and "Late Blossom" (2011), as well as the television drama "Precious Family" (2004).

Song died on November 7, 2020 at the age of 83.

Yang Zhenduo

Yang Zhenduo (1926 – 7 November 2020) was a Chinese martial artist and educator. He was born in Beijing. He was known for his Tai chi movements. He was Chairman of the International Yang Style Tai Chi Chuan Association. 

Yang died on 7 November 2020 in Beijing at the age of 94.


Vera Zima

Vjeročka Zimova (21 March 1953 – 7 November 2020), better known as Vera Zima, was a Croatian actress. She appeared in more than films since 1975. She was best known for her roles in "Metastases", "Long Dark Night", "Sorry for Kung Fu", "Winter in Rio", "Cashier Wants to Go to the Seaside", "Četverored", "Love Letters with Intent" and "Journalist". Zima was born in Metković, Croatia.

Zima died on 7 November 2020 in Zagreb, Croatia at the age of 67.

Violeta Vidaurre

Violeta Rosa Ester Vidaurre Heiremans (12 September 1928 – 1 June 2021), better known as Violeta Vidaurre, was a Chilean actress. She was born in Traiguén, Chile. Her career lasted from 1959 to 2016. She starred in many telenovelas. Her best known appearances in telenovelas were "Romané" and "Pampa Ilusión".

In 2017, Vidaurre was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. She died from the disease on 1 June 2021 in Santiago de Chile, aged 92.

Tony Parkes

Anthony Parkes (born 5 May 1949) is an English former professional footballer. He is known for playing and managing Blackburn Rovers F.C. from 1969 to 2009.

In 2020, Parkes revealed that he had been diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.

Dennis Moore (politician)

Dennis Moore (November 8, 1945 – November 2, 2021) was an American politician and lawyer. He was a U.S. Representative for , from 1999 until 2011. He was a member of the Kansas Democratic Party. Moore was born in Anthony, Kansas.

In 2012, Moore was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. In 2018, he was diagnosed with cancer. Moore died on November 2, 2021 from cancer in Overland Park, Kansas, aged 75.


Peter Max

Peter Max (born Peter Max Finkelstein, October 19, 1937) is a German-American artist. He is known for using bright colors in his work. Many of his works are known as psychedelic art and pop art.

In 2019, Max was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.


100-ball cricket

100-ball cricket is a short form of cricket. The 100 ball game has two teams each having one innings, which ends after 100 legal balls (deliveries), and the game ends in two and a half hours. Overs are done with 5 or 10 balls, rather than 6 balls.

The England Cricket Board is starting a 100-ball competition named The Hundred in 2021.


Pasqual Maragall

Pasqual Maragall i Mira (; born 13 January 1941) is a Spanish politician. He was President of the Government of Catalonia from 2003 to 2006. He was Mayor of Barcelona from 1982 to 1997.


Wout Holverda

Wout Holverda (22 April 1958- – 3 December 2021) was a Dutch football striker. He played most of his career for Sparta Rotterdam.

In 2010, Holverda was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He died from COVID-19 on 3 December 2021, aged 63.

Mark Gastineau

Marcus Dell Gastineau (born November 20, 1956) is an American former football player. He was a defensive end for the New York Jets from 1979 to 1988. He was one of the quickest and most feared pass rushers of his generation. Gastineau was ranked the 8th greatest pass rusher in NFL History on NFL Network's Top 10 Pass Rushers. He was born in Ardmore, Oklahoma.

In January 2017, Gastineau revealed that he had been diagnosed with dementia, Parkinson's disease, and Alzheimer's disease. In March 2019, Gastineau revealed that he had colon cancer.

Joyce Fairbairn

Joyce Fairbairn, (November 6, 1939 – March 29, 2022) was a Canadian Liberal politician. She was a Canadian senator from 1984 to 2013. She was the first woman to be Leader of the Government in the Senate. She was born in Lethbridge, Alberta.

She was named a Member of the Order of Canada in 2015.

In August 2012, Fairbairn was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. She died on March 29, 2022 in Lethbridge at the age of 82.

Stan Bowles

Stanley Bowles (24 December 1948 – 24 February 2024) was an English former professional footballer. He was born in Collyhurst, Manchester, Lancashire.

In June 2015, Bowles was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.

Bowles died on the 24th February 2024, aged 75. 


Margarita Terekhova

Margarita Terekhova (; born August 25, 1942) is a Soviet and Russian actress. She was awarded the title People's Artist of Russia (1996).

Terekhova's acting debut was in 1965 in the movie "Hello, That's Me!". She later starred in "The Dog in the Manger" and "D'Artagnan and Three Musketeers". 

In 2005, she was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease.

Greg &quot;Fingers&quot; Taylor

Greg "Fingers" Taylor (June 3, 1951 – November 23, 2023) was an American harmonica player. He played with Jimmy Buffett's Coral Reefer Band.

Taylor has released five studio albums: "Harpoon Man" (1984), "Chest Pains" (1991), "New Fingerprints" (1992), "Old Rock 'n' Roller" (1996) and "Hi Fi Baby" (2003). He has also released two compilation albums: "Greatest Hits" (1998) and "Back to the Blues" (2000).

Taylor no longer performed live because he was suffered from Alzheimer's disease, died on November 23, 2023, at the age of 71.

Jimmy Buffett

James William Buffett (December 25, 1946 – September 1, 2023) was an American singer-songwriter, musician, author, actor, and businessman. He was known for his Coral Reefer Band, Buffett recorded hit songs including "Margaritaville".

Buffett died on September 1, 2023 at his home in Sag Harbor, New York from skin cancer, aged 76.


Ernie Sigley

Ernest William Sigley (2 September 1938 – 15 August 2021) was an Australian television host, radio presenter and singer. He was born in Footscray, Victoria. His career lasted from 1952 to 2009. 

He was part of the original cast of "Sunnyside Up" and in the 1960s and early 1970s. Sigley hosted the prime time Adelaide variety show, Adelaide Tonight on NWS-9.

Sigley was the host of the national Nine Network variety show, "The Ernie Sigley Show".

He was the original host of the Australian version of the popular game show, "Wheel of Fortune", from 1981 to 1984.

In October 2016, Sigley was diagnosed with Alzheimer's disease. He died on 15 August 2021.

Dan Byrd

Daniel Byrd (born November 20, 1985) is an American actor. He is known for his roles in "A Cinderella Story", the 2006 remake of "The Hills Have Eyes", the 2010 movies "Easy A" and "Norman", and the sitcoms "Aliens in America" and "Cougar Town".

Byrd was born in Chicago.


Cam Gigandet

Cam Joslin Gigandet (; born August 16, 1982) is an American actor. He is known for his role in the television series "The O.C." and in the movies "Twilight", "Pandorum", "Never Back Down", "Burlesque", "Easy A", "Priest" and "The Magnificent Seven".

Angels Fall First

Angels Fall First is the debutalbum by the Finnish symphonic metal group Nightwish.



Oceanborn

Oceanborn is the second album by the Finnish symphonic metal group Nightwish.



Tandoori chicken

Tandoori chicken is a chicken dish originating in the Indian subcontinent. It is prepared by roasting chicken marinated in yogurt and spices. It is prepared in the "tandoor", a cylindrical clay oven. The dish started from the Indian subcontinent. It is popular in many other parts of the world. Tandoori chicken can be served with other dishes, such as naan or rice.

The dishes like tandoori chicken may have started during in the Harappan civilization. According to famous archeologist and vice-chancellor of Deccan College Professor Vasant Shinde, the earliest proof for a dish like tandoori chicken can be found in the Harappan civilization in 3000 BC. His team has found ancient ovens at Harappan sites which are similar to the tandoors that are used in the state of Punjab. Physical remains of chicken bones have also been found along with burn marks. According to Sushruta Samhita, the meat was cooked in an oven (kandu) after marinating it in spices like black mustard (rai) powder and fragrant spices. According to Ahmed (2014), Harappan oven structures may have operated in a similar manner to the modern tandoors of the Punjab.

Tandoori chicken started in the Punjab as a dish. It started before the partition of India. In the late 1940s, tandoori chicken was made popular by Kundan Lal Jaggi and Kundan Lal Gujral at Moti Mahal in Daryaganj, New Delhi. They were Punjabi Hindus as well as the founders of the Moti Mahal restaurant. Mokha Singh had founded the restaurant in the Peshawar area of British India. It is now part of neighboring Pakistan.

In the United States, tandoori chicken started appearing on menus by the 1960s. It is reported that Jacqueline Kennedy ate "chicken tandoori" on a flight from Rome to Bombay in 1962. A recipe for tandoori chicken was printed on the "Los Angeles Times" in 1963, for "the hostess in search of a fresh idea for a party dinner"; a similar recipe was published in the same newspaper in 1964.

Henet

Henet or the Pelican is an Ancient Egyptian goddess. She has to do with pelicans. The Pyramid Texts talk about Henet.

The Pelican ("Henet" in Egyptian) is shown on the walls of tombs of people from the Pharaoh's court. Henet is in scenes of farm animals. Henet is in royal funerary texts from the Pyramid Age as a protective symbol against snakes. The description of the Pelican falling into the Nile seems connected with the idea that dangerous things are disguised as fish, and the pelican will capture them in its large beak. This is similar to the dragnets and bird nets used for trapping sinners in the Underworld. Scholars think that Henet is a goddess because she is called "mother of the king" in the Pyramid Texts. In ancient Egypt, that only meant a goddess.

In non-royal funerary papyri the Pelican can predict safe travel for a dead person in the Underworld. The open beak of the Pelican is also associated with the ability of the deceased to leave the burial chamber and go out into the rays of the sun, possibly an analogy made between the long cavernous beak of the pelican and the tomb shaft.

Petrograd Soviet

The Petrograd Soviet is a group of workers founded by Soviets during the Russian revolution.

2024 United States presidential election

The 2024 United States presidential election will be the 60th quadrennial presidential election. The election is scheduled to be held on Tuesday, November 5, 2024, along with other state and federal elections. It will be the first presidential election to use population information from the 2020 census.

President Joe Biden has officially announced he is running for reelection to a second term.

Former President Donald Trump has also announced he is running for reelection to a non-consecutive term.

The winner of the 2024 presidential election will be inaugurated on January 20, 2025.

Article Two of the United States Constitution states that for a person to serve as president, the person must be a natural-born citizen of the United States, be at least 35 years old, and have been a United States resident for at least 14 years. The Twenty-second Amendment prevents anyone from being elected president more than twice.

The "Dobbs v. Jackson Women's Health Organization" decision in June 2022, which overturned the 1973 "Roe v. Wade" decision and permitted U.S. states to fully ban abortion for the first time in nearly 50 years, has made abortion a likely issue. In the 2024 election, the topic of abortion is expected to play a major role in the Republican Party.

Due to more mass shootings in the United States, President Biden has advocated a ban of assault weapons. This is most likely a major campaign topic to play out in both parties.

Joe Biden is the current president, elected for his first term in office in the 2020 election, and has said he plans to run for a second term in 2024. He is the oldest president, at age 78, and would be 82 at the end of his first term and 86 at the end of his second term, if reelected.

If Biden is reelected, he will be term limited by the Twenty-second amendment and cannot run for reelection to a third term in 2028.

During late 2021, as President Biden had low approval ratings in the polls, there was peculation that he would not run for reelection. If this happened, Vice President Kamala Harris and Secretary of Transportation Pete Buttigieg would be considered likely candidates for the Democratic presidential nomination, having both run for president in 2020. However, Biden has said he has every intention of running for reelection.

In March 2023, author and 2020 presidential candidate Marianne Williamson announced her presidential campaign, challenging Biden. In April 2023, environmental lawyer Robert F. Kennedy Jr. announced his challenge to Biden, becoming the second Democratic challenger to Biden. On April 25, 2023, President Joe Biden announced he was running for re-election with Vice President Kamala Harris as his running mate.

In October 2023, Kennedy Jr. announced he would be withdrawing from the Democratic primary to run an Independent campaign for president. A few weeks later, U.S. Representative from Minnesota Dean Phillips announced his candidacy on October 26, 2023. Spiritual author Marianne Williamson ended her campaign on February 7, 2024.

The Democratic National Convention will be held in Chicago, Illinois at the United Center between August 19 to August 22, 2024.

 <section end="declared" />

The candidate in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination during the primary season.
<section begin="withdrawnduring" />

<section end="withdrawnduring" />

The candidates in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination before any primary contests were held.
<section begin="withdrawnbefore" />
The candidates in this section are otherwise notable, but have not met the criteria outlined above.

Donald Trump was defeated by Joe Biden in 2020 and was impeached by the House of Representatives. He was found not guilty in his second impeachment in 2021 and is currently able to run again in the 2024. If he decides to run, he would be seeking to become the second president, after Grover Cleveland, to serve two non-consecutive terms, potentially making him both the 45th and 47th president of the United States.

Although after the January 6 insurrection may have severely damaged his public opinion about him. House Democrats may use the Fourteenth Amendment to prevent Trump from being eligible to run again. If Trump succeeds and wins the republican nomination, he would be the first president since Richard Nixon to win his party's nomination three times in a row.

The last president to run after leaving office was Theodore Roosevelt, who came in second in the 1912 election as the candidate of the Progressive Party, although Herbert Hoover did seek the Republican nomination at national conventions after leaving office in 1933. On November 11, 2022, former Montana Secretary of State Corey Stapleton became the first Republican major candidate.

On November 15, 2022, he officially announced his candidacy to a non consecutive term. On February 14, 2023, former Ambassador to the United Nations Nikki Haley announced her candidacy. A week later, businessman Vivek Ramaswamy announced his campaign on February 21. On March 2, 2023, Michigan businessman and writer Perry Johnson announced his campaign after running ads during the Super Bowl in Iowa.

In April 2023, former Governor of Arkansas Asa Hutchinson announced his campaign and so did Texas businessman and pastor Ryan Binkley, while South Carolina U.S. Senator Tim Scott announced an exploratory committee for a possible presidential campaign. Scott would file to run on May 19, 2023. On April 20, conservative radio host and former 2021 California gubernatorial candidate Larry Elder announced his candidacy. On May 24, Governor of Florida Ron DeSantis announced his candidacy. Nearly two weeks later on Junt 5, former Vice President Mike Pence filed paperwork to run for president. The following day, former New Jersey Governor Chris Christie announced his campaign at a town hall event in New Hampshire. On June 7, Governor of North Dakota Doug Burgum announced his campaign. A week later on June 14, Miami Mayor Francis X. Suarez filed to run for president. On June 22, former Texas U.S. Representative Will Hurd announced his campaign.

Following the first debate, Suarez withdrew from the election on August 29, after saying non-debate qualified candidates should withdraw from the race. In early October 2023, Hurd and Stapleton withdrew from their candidacies with Hurd supporting Haley. By the end of the month, Johnson and Elder suspended their campaigns and endorsed Trump, whereas Pence dropped out without supporting anyone. On November 12, Senator Tim Scott ended his campaign after having low polling numbers. On December 4, Burgum ended his campaign after low polling numbers and failing to qualify for the last two debates.

On January 10, 2024, a week before the Iowa caucus, former Governor Chris Christie ended his campaign, after Trump critics urged him to drop out to help Nikki Haley in the New Hampshire primary. Following Trump's win in the Iowa caucus on January 15, 2024, Vivek Ramaswamy ended his campaign and endorsed Trump, whereas former Governor Asa Hutchinson ended his campaign the following day and endorsed Healey. On January 21, Governor Ron DeSantis ended his campaign and endorsed Trump. On February 27, pastor Ryan Binkley ended his campaign and endorsed Trump.

The Republican National Convention will be held in Milwaukee, Wisconsin at the Fiserv Forum between July 15 and July 18, 2024. Other cities considered to host the convention included Salt Lake City, Kansas City, Nashville and Pittsburgh.

The candidates in this section have received substantial media coverage, hold or have held significant elected office, and/or have been included in at least five national polls.
<section end="declared" />

The candidate in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination during the primary season.
<section begin="withdrawnduring" />

<section end="withdrawnduring" />

The candidates in this section have suspended their campaigns, or have otherwise ceased campaigning and ended their bids for the nomination before any primary contests were held.
<section begin="withdrawnbefore" />

<section end="withdrawnbefore" />

Other notable individuals who were not considered major candidates and who withdrew from the race before the beginning of the primary season include:
The following individuals have declared their intent to run for president.





BioNTech

BioNTech SE () is a German biotechnology company dedicated to the creation of active immunotherapies for treatments of serious diseases. 
It researches drugs based on messenger RNA (mRNA) for use as individualized cancer immunotherapies, as vaccines against infectious diseases and as protein replacement therapies for rare diseases. In 2020, the company started developing the BNT162b2 vaccine against SARS-CoV-2 with Pfizer and Fosun. In late 2020 BioNTech successfully developed, together with Pfizer, the RNA vaccine called BNT162b2 against COVID-19. The company said, it's vaccine efficacy was 95%. On 2 December 2020, the United Kingdom government gave permission to use BNT162b2 vaccinations in the country. Later in December 2020 USA, Canada and the EU also gave permission to use the BioNTech vaccine. 

Anatoly Mikhailovich Stepin

Anatoly Mikhailovich Stepin (Анатолий Михайлович Степин, 20 July 1940 – 7 November 2020) was a Soviet-Russian mathematician. His works focused in dynamical systems and ergodic theory. He was born in Moscow. In 1993 he was awarded the academic title of Professor in Mathematics.

On 7 November 2020, Stepin died at the age of 80.

Raphael Hadane

Raphael Hadane (1922/23 – 8 November 2020) was the Liqa Kahenat (High priest) of Beta Israel in Israel. 

Hadane supported the acceptance of the Falasha Mura as Jews. Hadane recited the Yizkor prayer in Hebrew and Amharic in memory of 4,000 members of the community who died while on their way to Israel. 

Hadane died on 8 November 2020 at the age of 97.

Víctor Valencia de los Santos

Víctor Valencia de los Santos (6 April 1959 – 8 November 2020) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of the Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI). Between 2006 and 2008, he was a deputy in the Chamber of Deputies of Chihuahua. He was born in Ciudad Juárez, Chihuahua.

Valencia de los Santos died on 8 November 2020 in Mexico City from COVID-19, aged 61.

Shkëlqim Troplini

Shkëlqim Troplini (1 October 1966 – 7 November 2020) was an Albanian wrestler. He competed in the 1996 Summer Olympics.

On 7 November 2020, Troplini died of COVID-19 at the age of 54.

Carlos G. Vallés

Carlos González Vallés S. J., popularly known as Father Vallés (4 November 1925 — 9 November 2020) was a Spanish-Indian Jesuit priest and author. He lived in India for fifty years. He wrote in Gujarati and on mathematics. He was born in Logroño, Spain. He wrote for the Indian newspaper "Gujarat Samachar". He also wrote for "Kumar".

Vallés died on 9 November 2020 in Madrid, Spain at the age of 94.

Juliette Goglia

Juliette Rose Goglia (born September 22, 1995) is an American actress, guitarist and singer. She is best known for playing Sierra in the Disney Channel series "That's So Raven", Hannah West in the CBS series "", and Eve Henry on "The Michael J. Fox Show". She was born in Los Angeles. Her career began in 2003.

Enron scandal

The Enron scandal was an accounting scandal of Enron Corporation, which was an American energy company. It caused the company to go bankrupt in 2001 after people found out about the scandal. The company Arthur Andersen also ended because of it, as they did not audit the company correctly. Arthur Andersen was one of the five largest audit companies in the world. Enron was often said to be the worst audit failure in history.

Enron's shareholders filed a lawsuit of $40 billion after the stock price of the company went from US$90.75 to less than $1 in November 2001. This meant the shareholders lost almost all of their money. Dynegy tried to buy Enron for a low price, but this didn't work so Enron went bankrupt on December 2, 2001 under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. This was the largest bankruptcy in U.S. history at $63.4 billion in assets. This was not passed until the WorldCom scandal in 2002.

Many executives at Enron were arrested for many charges and some were later sent to prison. Arthur Andersen was found guilty of illegally destroying documents relevant to the SEC investigation. This voided its license to audit public companies and almost closed the firm. By the time the ruling was overturned at the U.S. Supreme Court, Arthur Andersen lost many of its customers and stopped operating. Enron employees and shareholders received limireturns in lawsuits, despite losing billions in pensions and stock prices.

As a consequence of the scandal, new regulations and legislation were passed to expand the accuracy of financial reporting for public companies. The Sarbanes–Oxley Act increased penalties for destroying, altering, or making up records in federal investigations or for attempting to defraud shareholders. The act also increased the accountability of auditing firms to remain unbiased and independent of their clients.

Resident Evil 2 (2019 video game)

Resident Evil 2, known in Japan as , is a 2019 survival horror video game developed and published by Capcom. It a remake of the 1998 video game "Resident Evil 2"

The game can let players play as either Leon Kennedy or Claire Redfield of S.T.A.R.S.

The remake was going to be made for the Nintendo GameCube but since the first Resident Evil remake didn't do well for sales, it was cancelled. It resurfaced in the 2010s.

Secretary of State for Scotland

The Secretary of State for Scotland is the main minister responsible for Scotland in the Government of the United Kingdom. They sit in Cabinet and run the Scotland Office.

The current Secretary of State for Scotland is Alister Jack, who was appointed by Prime Minister, Boris Johnson when he came to power on 24 July 2019.

Jimmy Garoppolo

James Richard Garoppolo (born November 2, 1991) is an American football player. He is a super bowl champion. He used to play for the New England Patriots. Now he plays for the San Francisco 49ers.

Archie Mafeje

Archibald Boyce Monwabisi Mafeje (30 March 1936 – 28 March 2007), commonly known as Archie Mafeje, was a South African scholar and activist. Born in the Eastern Cape, he got degrees from the University of Cape Town (UCT) and Cambridge University. He became a professor at universities in Europe, the Americas, and Africa, but spent most of his career away from apartheid South Africa after he was banned from teaching at UCT. Mafeje was one of many anti-apartheid activists in exile. As an important Pan-African intellectual, he studied African history and anthropology and wrote about the anti-apartheid movement. After he died, other scholars wrote books about his work.

Mass Effect 3

Mass Effect 3 is a video game on the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. It is made by Electronic Arts. It is the sequel to "Mass Effect 2". It is a action role-playing game. It is a third-person shooter game.

Save data from the second game can be used to influence choices made in this game.

The game was liked, except for its divisive ending.

Mass Effect 2: Overlord

Mass Effect 2: Overlord is an expansion pack for the 2010 game "Mass Effect 2". It is about a rogue artificial intelligence controlled by an autistic man.

The player can drive and hover with the Hammerhead and defeat rogue Geth soldiers.

The pack was critically acclaimed, but some didn't like the Hammerhead's controls.

Mass Effect 2: Lair of the Shadow Broker

Mass Effect 2: Lair of the Shadow Broker is an expansion pack for the 2010 game "Mass Effect 2". It is about Liara T'Soni teaming up with Commander Shepard to defeat the Shadow Broker.

The choices with Liara can carry over from the save file of the first game. One of the levels allows Shepard driving a speeder.

The pack was critically acclaimed and considered one of the best expansion packs of all time.

Jak and Daxter: The Lost Frontier

Jak and Daxter: The Lost Frontier is a platform game made by High Impact Games and published by Sony Computer Entertainment. It is the most recent game of the "Jak and Daxter" franchise.

Daxter can turn into Dark Daxter in some levels.

The game had mixed to negative results.

Ultimate Spider-Man (video game)

Ultimate Spider-Man is a 2005 action-adventure video game based on the Marvel Comics run.

The player can play as either Spidey or Venom. Spidey can swing around New York wherever he wants. Venom can gain health by eating people and can destroy New York.

The PlayStation 2 game came with two versions, a regular edition and a special edition with Venom on the cover. The special edition comes with a bonus DVD showing how the game was made.

The game has had mixed to positive signals.

Nine Lives (2016 movie)

Nine Lives is a 2016 French-Chinese comedy movie directed by Barry Sonnenfeld. It was produced by Fundamental Films.


Richard Neely

Richard Forlani Neely (August 2, 1941 – November 8, 2020) was an American politician and lawyer. He was chief justice of the West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals from 1973 to 1995. He was born in Los Angeles. He was nominated to the court by Governor Arch A. Moore Jr.. He was a member of the Republican Party.

Neely died on November 8, 2020 in Charleston, West Virginia from liver cancer at the age of 79.

Celebrity Jeopardy! (Saturday Night Live)

Celebrity Jeopardy! is a regular sketch for Saturday Night Live with Will Ferrell as Alex Trebek and Darrell Hammond as Sean Connery. It is about Trebek hosting rounds of Jeopardy with three celebrity contestants, one of them is usually Connery. The regular sketches aired between 1996 and 2002 with few sketches in future years, including one for the 40th anniversary of the show.

Sean Connery likes to misread the categories into crude versions such as "Who Reads" as "Whore Ads" and "Let it Snow" as "Le Tits Now". He also likes bragging about his randy activities with Trebek's mother.

Even though Alex Trebek loved the sketches, he personally liked Eugene Levy as a better portrayer of him.

300: Rise of an Empire

300: Rise of an Empire is a 2014 epic action movie that is a prequel/sequel to 2006's "300". It was produced and written by Zack Snyder.


The movie was a slight box office bomb and got mixed reviews compared to the original movie.

Gordon Joseloff

Gordon F. Joseloff (May 13, 1945 – November 9, 2020) was the First Selectman of Westport, Connecticut and an Emmy Award-winning journalist. He was elected in 2005 with almost 60 percent of the vote and re-elected in 2009 with almost 52 percent. He earlier served 14 years on the Westport Representative Town Meeting (RTM), the town's legislative body, including 10 as its moderator, or president. A former foreign correspondent for CBS News and United Press International, Joseloff is also known as founding editor and publisher of WestportNow, a local news and information website for Westport he established in 2003.

Casper: A Spirited Beginning

Casper: A Spirited Beginning is a 1997 direct-to-video ghost comedy movie that is a prequel to 1995's "Casper". The only actors to return from the original movie were Ben Stein and Rodney Dangerfield.


The movie wasn't well-liked.

Casper Meets Wendy

Casper Meets Wendy is a 1998 direct-to-video ghost comedy movie that is a sequel to 1997's "". It was Hilary Duff's movie debut.


The movie wasn't well-liked but considered better than A Spirited Beginning.

Cavapoo

The Cavapoo is a dog crossbreed between two dogs: the Poodle and the Cavalier King Charles Spaniel. They go by different names as well. They inherit the traits from both of their parents.

The breed is well-known for their kind, affectionate, sensitive and placid temperament / personality that makes them perfect for therapy. They are very loving and shy at first glance. Because of their good behaviour, they are choosen by people as a Family dog. 
A full grown Cavapoo can be 12-14 inches (30 - 35 cm) tall, but they can be smaller, or larger. Their weight is mostly between 12 to 25 pounds (5 to 11 kg). They stop growing when they are around 8 months old and reach their adult size between 12-18 months.

Willem II Tilburg

Willem II, also known as Willem II Tilburg, is a Dutch football club. They are based in Tilburg, Netherlands


Metroid Prime Pinball

Metroid Prime Pinball is a first-person adventure video game made by Retro Studios and published by Nintendo for the Nintendo DS.

Lee Toong Leon

Lee Toong Leon, better known as Leon Lee, is a Malaysian businessman, public speaker and entrepreneur based in Penang, Malaysia. He is the founder and current CEO of Zeon Properties Group, a Malaysian property consultancy firm with more than 500 personnel and agents in Malaysia, China, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Singapore, Vietnam and Indonesia. Leon has been awarded the Distinguished Conduct Medal (Pingat Kelakuan Terpuji) in 2016 and the Meritorious Service Medal (Pingat Jasa Kebaktian) in 2010 by Penang State Governor, Tun Abdul Rahman Abbas for his services to the state. A King Scout since 2000, Leon also received the National King Scout's Merit Award in 2010.

Leon was born in George Town, Penang, Malaysia on 29 March 1982. He attended Penang Chinese Girls Primary School and Chung Hwa Confucian High School. Leon obtained his bachelor's degree in Computer Science from University of Northumbria at Newcastle.

After graduating with his degree, Leon founded Zeon Computer (M) Sdn Bhd, a chain of IT stores providing IT supplies and solutions. The business spread to 5 branches all over Malaysia, employing more than 30 people and was eventually bought over by a public listed company.

He founded Zeon Properties in Penang in November 2012 and is the current CEO. It is positioned as a real estate agency that helps clients invest, sell, or lease residential and commercial properties in the market. Besides real estate and marketing, the company also specialises in real estate investment advisory, foreign direct investment, international project marketing, retail and planning consultancy. It sources for the best property and infrastructure opportunities, and works with investment partners to fund investment opportunities. It is also involved in the Malaysia My Second Home programme, property development and management, offering the best of services with the highest professionalism and efficiency to help enhance the property value over time. Just a year after the founding of Zeon Properties, Leon successfully negotiated with the publisher of the largest English daily in Malaysia - Star Media Group Berhad - and became the event partner of the corporation's long-running property fair, StarProperty.my Fair. After teaming up with Star Media Group for four years, Leon moved on to work with Guang Ming Daily, one of the largest northern region Chinese newspaper in Malaysia, to hold the Guang Ming Property Fair in 2017. Ten property developers rode the week-long fair to promote their projects, while Zeon Properties provided a myriad of entertainment to keep the attention of the crowd, including a cheongsam fashion show and live entertainment performances. Wanting to offer a plethora of properties for buyers to choose from, Leon negotiated with property developers and as of 2017, became the marketing partner of more than 90 property projects.

He was one of the earliest property marketing consultants in Penang to predict and measure the impact of vital infrastructure and transport links to the state's property sector, pointing to a doubling of property prices near the second Penang bridge in 2014: "In 2007, a terrace house in Batu Maung was worth about RM700,000. But now, a similar unit is priced at RM1.4mil".

Leon has been a keynote speaker at various international events including SP Setia's event in Singapore, "The Star Property Fair" and "Guang Ming Property Fair". He has been featured in multiple international publications including "Wall Street Select", "Daily Herald" and "Digital Journal".

Leon is also the founder of Auto Mall in Penang.

Intertwining his social life with business networking, Leon currently serves the Consul-General of the People's Republic of China in Penang as its consular protection liaison officer. He is also the All-China Federation of Returned Overseas Chinese Youth Committee member. He has also been appointed as the Committee Member and Youth Committee Deputy Chief of Sichuan Overseas Exchange Association of the People's Republic of China.

He is a National Council Member of the Associated Chinese Chambers of Commerce and Industry Malaysia (ACCCIM) Penang Chinese Chamber of Commerce, National Chairman of the ACCCIM Young Entrepreneurs Committee, chairman of the Penang Chinese Chamber of Commerce (PCCC) Young Entrepreneurs Section, PCCC General committee member and was head of property management of the Property Development, Construction and Management Committee.

He is the Deputy chairman of ASEAN Retail-Chains & Franchise Federation and Vice President of Penang's Fort Cornwallis 1786.

In 2018, he completed a Ministerial Workshop on "Forging Closer Partnership to implement 2030 Sustainable Development Agenda for Developing Countries", which was sponsored by the Ministry of Commerce, People's Republic of China. The same year also saw him being elected as the chairman of the Penang Scouts Council for the 2018–2020 term.

In 2017, he took part in the Youth Entrepreneurs Economy Workshop organised by the Overseas Chinese Affairs Office of the State Council at Beijing University.

He was the founder and first organising chairman of the Top 50 Enterprise Awards 2007 of the Young Entrepreneurs Association of Malaysia. He went on to become the association's Penang chairman.
He was also the president of Junior Chamber International United Penang in 2008. He is State Adviser of "Malaysia Entrepreneurs Development Association" and was its Penang chairman from 2010 to 2014.

Of note is the Zeon Charity Club, where he and his team launch social work from contributing to religious institutions to hosting birthday lunches and annual feasts in an old folks home in Penang and also distributing meals to the homeless at the gates of the Goddess of Mercy Temple in Jalan Masjid Kapitan Kling, George Town.

Manuel Merino

Manuel Arturo Merino de Lama (born 20 August 1961) is a Peruvian politician and agronomist who was the Acting President of Peru from 10 November until his resignation five days later on 15 November 2020 following massive protests. He is the shortest serving president of Peru, serving only five days though he was never really president.

He came to power after the removal of his predecessor, Martín Vizcarra. Duee to the vacancies of the two vice presidential offices, Merino who was the President of the Congress at that time became acting president as based on the Perivian constitution, if the two vice presidential offices are vacant, then the president of the congress will ascend to the presidency. However, because of massive protests at that time, Merino was forced to resign and was succeeded by Francisco Sagasti.

On 9 November 2020, the Congress impeached and removed President Martín Vizcarra from office on the grounds of "moral incapacity", a vague term dating back to the 19th century. The move was seen as a coup by many Peruvians,political analysts and media outlets in the country, with Vizcarra's removal resulting with the beginning of the 2020 Peruvian protests. The following day, as the President of the Peruvian Congress, Merino became the new president of Peru following the line of succession established in the nation's constitution, forming a far-right government. Five days after taking office, he resigned from the presidency as a result of two deaths in the protests. He was succeeded by Francisco Sagasti.

Fulton, Oswego County, New York

Fulton is a small city in the western part of Oswego County, New York. The population was 11,389 as of the 2020 census. The city is named after Robert Fulton, the inventor of the steamboat.

Fulton, Schoharie County, New York

Fulton is a town in Schoharie County, New York, United States. The population was 1,119 at the 2020 census.

Santa's workshop

Santa's workshop is the legendary workshop where Santa Claus makes the toys and presents given out at Christmas. The workshop is a sprawling commune located at the North Pole. The exact location of Santa's workshop varies, depending upon local culture. There are at least eight claimed locations for his workshop. For example, believers in Canada send letters to Santa's Workshop at his North Pole location in Canada with the unique postal code of "H0H 0H0".

Caprino Alendy

Caprino Alendy (24 October 1952 – 6 November 2020) was a Surinamese politician. He was Chairperson of Brotherhood and Unity in Politics (BEP) from 1987 until 2012. Alendy was Vice Chairperson of the National Assembly between 2005 and 2010. Alendy was born in Benanoe, Sipaliwini.

On 6 November 2020, Alendy died after a short illness at the age of 68.

National Assembly (Suriname)

The National Assembly ("De Nationale Assemblée", "The Assembly", commonly abbreviated "DNA") is the Parliament, representing the legislative branch of government in Suriname. It is a unicameral legislature. The assembly is on Independence Square in Paramaribo, after a fire completely destroyed the old building of representation on 1 August 1996.

Luis Alberto Ammann

Luis Alberto Ammann (17 November 1942 – 6 November 2020) was an Argentine politician. He was born in Villa Dolores, Argentina. Ammann was a member of the Humanist Party. He was a Secretary-General of the Humanist Party from 1984 to 1994 and from 2001 to 2003. 

He unsuccessfully ran for President of Argentina in 2007.

Ammann died of COVID-19 on 6 November 2020 in Buenos Aires, aged 77.

Ray Daviault

Raymond Joseph Robert Daviault (May 27, 1934 – November 6, 2020) was a Canadian professional baseball player. He was born in Montreal, Quebec. In 1962, he played for the New York Mets. 

Daviault died on November 6, 2020 in Notre-Dame-de-la-Merci, Quebec at the age of 86.

Sinan Tuzcu

Sinan Tuzcu (born 10 July 1977) is a Turkish actor.

After doing a course on Tourism and Hotel Management at Bilkent University, he graduated in Theatre from Mimar Sinan University's State Conservatory in 2003. Tuzcu who had previously worked part-time at the Ankara State Theatre, began acting professionally at the Bilkent Drama Studio.

Tuzcu was married to actress Dolunay Soysert from 2006 to 2016.



Ken Spears

Charles Kenneth Spears (March 12, 1938 – November 6, 2020) was an American television editor, writer, and producer. He was the co-founder with Joe Ruby of television animation production company Ruby-Spears Productions. Spears and Ruby created "Scooby-Doo", "Dynomutt, Dog Wonder", and "Jabberjaw". He was born in California.

Spears died on November 6, 2020 from Lewy body dementia-related problems at the age of 82.

Oscar Benton

Oscar Benton (born Ferdinand van Eis, 3 February 1949 – 8 November 2020) was a Dutch singer. He was also the founder of the "Oscar Benton Blues Band" in 1967. He was born in Haarlem, Netherlands. His career lasted from 1960s to 1980s. 

In 1968, the "Oscar Benton Blues Band" released its first album, "Feel so good". In 1969, they released the album "The Blues Is Gonna Wreck My Life". In 1971, they released "Benton ‘71".

On 8 November 2020, Benton died in IJmuiden, Netherlands at the age of 71.

Heidar Shonjani

Heidar Shonjani or Haydar Shonjani (, 16 December 1945 – 8 November 2020), was an Iranian swimmer and water polo player. His first international tournament was the 1964 Summer Olympics. 

Shonjani was a member of Iran national water polo teams that won a gold medal at the 1974 Asian Games and competed in the 1976 Summer Olympics, finishing 12th.

Domènec Fita i Molat

Domènec Fita i Molat (; 10 August 1927 – 9 November 2020) was a Spanish artist. He was known for his works "the Recumbent Christ" (1958), the Cathedral of Girona, and "Saint Benedict" (1961) the abbey of Montserrat. Many of his works are seen at Sagrada Família in Barcelona and at the monastery of Montserrat. He was born in Girona, Spain.

In 2006 received the "Cross of St. George" of the Generalitat of Catalonia. In 2011 he received the medal of honor from the University of Girona.

He died on November 9, 2020 in Barcelona, aged 93.

The Front Page (1931 movie)

The Front Page is a 1931 American comedy movie directed by Lewis Milestone and was based on the 1928 play of the same name by Ben Hecht and Charles MacArthur. It stars Adolphe Menjou, Pat O'Brien, Mary Brian, Edward Everett Horton, Walter Catlett, George E. Stone, Mae Clarke, Slim Summerville, Clarence Wilson, Eugene Strong and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 3 Academy Awards in 1931.


Liliana Cavani

Liliana Cavani (born 12 January 1933) is an Italian movie director and screenwriter. She is known for her 1974 movie "Il portiere di notte" ("The Night Porter"). 

Pierre Simonet

Pierre Adrien Simonet (27 October 1921 – 5 November 2020) was a French militant and senior official. He was with the Free French Forces before becoming a colonial administrator and international official. He was born in Hanoi, French Indochina. 

Simonet's brigade was engaged in the Second Battle of El Alamein in October 1942, aiding the Eighth Army in the Tunisian campaign against the Afrika Korps, led by Erwin Rommel.

On 18 June 1945, following the Liberation of Paris and Victory in Europe Day, he piloted one of the three Piper Cubs which passed under the Eiffel Tower.

Simonet died in Toulon on 5 November 2020 at the age of 99.

Andrzej Wawrzyniak

Andrzej Michał Wawrzyniak (3 December 1931 – 8 November 2020) was a Polish sailor, diplomat, connoisseur and collector of Oriental art. He was the Founder, Lifetime Director, and Chief Curator of the Asia and Pacific Museum in Warsaw. From 1977 to 1981, he the Ambassador to Nepal and from 1990 to 1993 he was the Ambassador to Afghanistan.

Wawrzyniak died on 8 November 2020 in Warsaw, aged 88.

Mila del Sol

Clarita Villarba Rivera, better known by her screen name Mila del Sol (May 12, 1923 – November 10, 2020), was a Filipina actress, entrepreneur and philanthropist. She was born in Tondo, Manila, Insular Government of the Philippine Islands. Her career began in 1937. Her best known movie role was in the 1937 movie "Giliw Ko".

Sol died on November 10, 2020 in Manila at the age of 97.

Rahayu Supanggah

Rahayu Supanggah (August 29, 1949 – November 10, 2020) was an Indonesian composer. He was known mostly for his part in the international collaboration "Realizing Rama" and the music score composed for Robert Wilson's "I La Galigo". 

His compositions for Opera Jawa won the Asian Film Award in 2007. He was born in Boyolali Regency, Indonesia.

Supanggah died of an illness on November 10, 2020 in Surakarta, Indonesia at the age of 71.


Beltsville, Maryland

Beltsville is a census-designated place (CDP) in northern Prince George's County, Maryland, United States. The population was 20,133 at the 2020 census.

Malcolm &amp; Marie

Malcolm & Marie is an American drama movie, written and directed by Sam Levinson. It stars John David Washington and Zendaya as the title characters.

It was released on February 5, 2021, by Netflix.

Writer-director Malcolm Elliott (John David Washington) returns home from his film premiere with his girlfriend Marie Jones (Zendaya). Malcolm eagerly anticipates the critical reviews following the emotional audience response from the screening. When he notices Marie looking displeased, he urges her to tell him what is bothering her. Initially reluctant to start a fight in the middle of the night, she tells him that she is upset that she was not thanked or acknowledged in his speech at the premiere.

Marie believes that she is the basis of his film, a drama about a struggling black female drug addict named Imani, as she herself was a drug addict when they met. Malcolm dismisses her accusations, claiming that Imani is not based on her and is an amalgamation of different people. Marie insists that he would not have authentically portrayed Imani's struggles with drug abuse and addiction if they were not together. Malcolm believes that Marie is overreacting, claiming that, because she quit acting years ago, she is jealous of the actress who played Imani and that she is projecting her personal problems on him and his film. Marie affirms her position on his lack of acknowledgment and calls his talents "mediocre". While Marie is taking a bath, Malcolm describes to her the different women he had relationships with, who inspired the character of Imani, stating that only Imani's feelings of hopelessness were based on Marie. After drying herself from the bath, she responds by playing Dionne Warwick's song "Get Rid of Him" on her phone, while the two are sitting silently outside.

Heading back inside, Malcolm then finds and reads the first critic review posted about his film. Despite the review being positive, he rants about the white female critic's political interpretation of his film as he did not intend it to be political. He laments that film critics are focusing too much on his black male identity and projecting politics into their interpretations, rather than judging him for his own merits. Marie playfully belittles his angry reaction to the positive review and his inability to take criticism, before the two appear to be bonding again following their arguments.

Before the two can begin to have sex, Marie provokes him when she asks why he did not cast her as Imani, believing that she would have brought a vulnerability and authenticity to the character that could have made the film better. After they angrily accuse each other of being egotistical, Marie then brings out a knife and acts out a scene as Imani to demonstrate authenticity, scaring but impressing Malcolm over how convincing she is. The two go to their bedroom and argue once more, until Marie lectures him about him taking her for granted and his lack of acknowledgement of how their genuine love for each other inspired the film.

Their arguing finally stops as they go to bed without saying anything to each other, only thanking each other before they sleep. Malcolm wakes up alone in bed in the morning daylight. He finds Marie alone outside and joins her as they look across the distance, leaving the fate of their relationship unknown.


In September 2020, Netflix bought the movie's distribution rights for $30 million, paying a higher price than companies such as HBO, A24 and Searchlight Pictures. The film was released on February 5, 2021.

Doctors' Wives (1931 movie)

Doctors' Wives is a 1931 American drama movie directed by Frank Borzage and was based on the novel by Henry and Sylvia Lieferant. It stars Warner Baxter, Joan Bennett, Victor Varconi, Cecilia Loftus, Paul Porcasi, Minna Gombell, Helene Millard, George Chandler and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Toutiao

Toutiao or Jinri Toutiao is a Chinese news and information content platform. It is made by the Beijing-based company ByteDance. This app shares Chinese news facts, such as facts about COVID-19 cases.

Umar tree frog

The Umar tree frog ("Litoria umarensis") is a frog from Indonesia. 
Some black guys saw it on the Wandammen Peninsula.

Scientists say this frog is related to the black-dotted tree frog.

Adrien Quatennens

Adrien Quatennens (born 23 May 1990 in Lille, France) is a French politician. He has been a deputy in the National Assembly since 2017. He has also been the coordinator of the left-wing party La France insoumise from 2019 to 2022. He often works with party leader Jean-Luc Mélenchon.

Adrien Quatennens was born in 1990. His father is a company executive in the energy sector. His mother is a saleswoman.

Quatennens became interested in politics at the age of 15 in 2006, when there were big demonstrations against a new labour law in France. He joined charities to help homeless people and became a member of the Attac organization. In 2006, he got the high scool diploma in a Catholic high shool in Bondues, Nord. He started studying economics at the University of Lille but failed exams in second year. Then he got a technical diploma and worked as a customer adviser for the energy company EDF.

Quatennens supported Jean-Luc Mélenchon in 2008. He joined his party, the Left Party in 2013. He became a member of the national board of the party in 2015. Together with Ugo Bernalicis, he was the local secretary of the Left Party in the Nord department. He supported Mélenchon in the 2012 and 2017 presidential elections.

He was a candidate in the 2014 municipal elections in Lille for the Left Front list. He was not elected. He joined the new party La France insoumise in February 2016.

In 2017, he was elected a deputy (member of the National Assembly) for the 1st constituency of Nord. He got 50.11 percent of the votes in the second round of the election. He became a member of the Social Affairs committee of the National Assembly. He voted against the 2017 French labour law reform. He wants burnouts to officially become work diseases. Quatennens is also the deputy chairman of the France–Greece and France–Denmark friendship groups of the National Assembly.

On 22 June 2019, Quatennens became the coordinator La France insoumise.


Axiom Space

Axiom Space, Inc. is an American company which plans to create segments to attach to the International Space Station and later create a new Space station. It also plans to run private trips into, for example AX-1, with SpaceX.

"Axiom Space" plans to create segments to attach to the ISS and increase the number of their segments in space until they separate their segments from the ISS, which will create their own separate space station.

The mission names start with ""AX"" which stands for Axiom Space, followed by the mission number.
8 April 2022 to 25 April 2022: Axiom-1 mission used space capsule "Resilience". The crew was

"AX-1" will be the first time that a mission to the ISS where commercial companies are the only mission operators and managers. It will cost US$55 million to send each person to the ISS.

In May 2023, the Ax-2 flight started, and it got into orbit (on its way to ISS). It is a commercial flight. The astronauts are

A CrewDragon 2 spacecraft is being used.


UEFA Nations League

The UEFA Nations League is an international football tournament. It is played between mens national teams from Europe. The tournament mostly replaces friendly matches between national teams in UEFA.

Scooby-Doo Spooky Coaster

Scooby Doo Spooky Coaster is an enclosed steel mouse roller coaster found at Warner Bros. Movie World. It was released as a tie-in for the 2002 movie "Scooby-Doo".

In 2018, it got an update with more visual effects and a story closer to the Spooky Island movie, complete with Scrappy-Doo as the villain.

Skippy (1931 movie)

Skippy is a 1931 American comedy movie directed by Norman Taurog and was based on the comic strip of the same name by Percy Crosby. It stars Jackie Cooper, Robert Coogan, Mitzi Green, Jackie Searl, Willard Robertson, Enid Bennett, Guy Oliver and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1931 and was followed up by "Sooky" in 1931.

Zdravko Krivokapić

Zdravko Krivokapić (; born 2 September 1958) is a Montenegrin politician, engineer and university teacher, professor and the Prime Minister of Montenegro since 4 December 2020.

Krivokapić was removed from power in a motion of no confidence on 4 February 2022, although he continued as acting Prime Minister until the new prime minister, Dritan Abazović was sworn in.

He was born in Nikšić in 1958. In 1981 he graduated from the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering of the University of Montenegro . He then did postgraduate studies at the University of Belgrade, in 1993 he obtained a doctorate at his alma mater in Podgorica . Professionally associated with the University of Montenegro, he worked as a professor in the Faculty of Mechanical Engineering of this university. Author of books, academic textbooks and scientific articles. Member of the program boards of several scientific journals.

In 2020, he was one of the founders and assumed the position of chairman of the organization "Ne damo Crnu Goru", supporting the Serbian Orthodox Church in Montenegro during the conflict over new legal regulations. In the same year, he later became the leader of the electoral list of a broad opposition to the ruling Democratic Party of Socialists in the "Za budućnost Crne Gore" election coalition (referred to as a pro-Serbian and pro-Russian political grouping ), and after the elections become the Prime Minister designate of Montenegro (candidate for Prime Minister) after the elections.

Kibosh (Casper the Friendly Ghost)

Kibosh is a character from the "Casper" franchise. He first appeared in the 1997 live-action/animated movie "". Since then, he became a main character of the franchise.

Kibosh is the owner of Ghost Central Station and doesn't like it when fellow ghosts skip training.

He was voiced by James Earl Jones in "A Spirited Beginning" (1997).

Those who didn't like A Spirited Beginning liked Kibosh.

Battle cruiser

A battlecruiser was like a battleship. It had thinner armor and lighter guns and was longer and less wide. They were faster than battleships, which meant they were made to go faster than bigger ships and chase down smaller ships. 
Battlecruisers were used in the 20th century. The Royal Navy invented the battlecruiser, and soon later they were used by many countries around the world. They have been replaced with more modern ships which means they are no longer used. Battleships and battlecruisers are not used today because guided cruise missiles are much better than the guns battleships and battlecruisers had.

Westward Expansion Trails

The Westward Expansion Trails were wagon roads that settlers used to travel from the eastern United States to California, Oregon and other western parts of the United States during the 19th century.


About 500,000 people traveled on these trails and about 50,000 people died.


Cruiser

A cruiser is a warship larger than a destroyer originally made to be capital ships during the World War I and II era, but nowadays they are used for a number of roles. They are most commonly used as command ships, but it is hard to give them a specific role, since most ships nowadays, apart from aircraft carriers and amphibious assault ships, have very similar roles and sizes. Some of the cruiser's roles include launching many kinds of missiles, standoff, communications and command, bombardment, escorting other ships, and special operations. However, many modern ships also do this, with the main difference being size, firepower, and their intended use. This is because naval technology today that is capable of competing with other ships and winning, is very limited. The same was true in World War II, when most ships were built around big guns and speed. In both times, ships with different technology are considered obsolete or impractical and are not used much. 

Older cruisers were called battlecruisers. They used large cannons like most other ships when they were first used but have evolved to use the same weapons and technology as modern destroyers. Cruisers were first built around 1915 but became popular among navies in the early 1930s and are still used today. Cruisers have changed over time and have evolved from the old, large, coal-driven ships to the modern smaller, stealthier, and more efficient vessels. Cruisers are still used today but are very different from the older ones. After battleships stopped being used during the Cold War years, due to being designed around large guns, which by then were beginning to be considered obsolete, cruisers were left as the most powerful surface combatant ship. (Not counting aircraft carriers.) Like with most ships, they are most likely to become stealthier, more efficient, and have more advanced weapons in the foreseeable future. 

Warhead

A warhead is a bomb. Warheads are at the tip of weapons such as missiles or torpedos. 

Warheads can small or large. They can be explosives of nuclear weapons.

AIM-120 AMRAAM

The AMRAAM missile is a medium air-to-air missile. It is a radar-guided missile. 

The AMRAAM missile was in development for about 30 years. It was put in service in 1991 and is still used by many countries and aircraft around the world today.

GBU-43/B MOAB

The GBU-43/B Massive Ordinance Air Blast, (also known as Mother of All Bombs or MOAB) is a large yield bomb, said to be the most powerful non-nuclear bomb in the U.S arsenal. It was first made in 2003 and still is used today by the USA. It was first deployed on an enemy cave complex in Afghanistan.

The GBU-43/B MOAB is a thermobaric weapon, which means it's packed with a very fine explosive powder that gets ejected out of the bombshell when the bomb has reached its target. This fine powder then is ejected into a big cloud of powder, which mixes with the air, oxidizing the explosive powder. Then, the oxidized fuel mix gets ignited, producing a very large explosion. Thermobaric weapons carry only fuel instead of fuel and oxidizer, like other bombs do, since oxygen is already in the atmosphere. Only carrying fuel allows for a much bigger explosion with the same bomb size. Some thermobaric weapons are so powerful that they are similar to small nuclear weapons in terms of explosion size and intensity.

Delicious (1931 movie)

Delicious is a 1931 American romantic musical comedy movie directed by David Butler and starring Janet Gaynor, Charles Farrell, El Brendel, Raul Roulien, Mischa Auer. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox.


Chief of the Defence Staff (United Kingdom)

The most senior rank for the British Armed Forces. The CDS reports to the Secretary of State for Defense, and heads the British Armed Forces.

A Connecticut Yankee (1931 movie)

A Connecticut Yankee is a 1931 American fantasy comedy movie directed by David Butler and was the second adaption of the 1889 novel by Mark Twain. It stars Will Rogers, William Farnum, Frank Albertson, Maureen O'Sullivan, Brandon Hurst, Myrna Loy, Heinie Conklin and was distributed by 20th Century Fox.

Dismissal (cricket)

In cricket, a batter has to leave the field until the end of their team's batting turn if they are "dismissed" in certain ways. The batter is then said to be "out", and the ball becomes dead, meaning that no more points can be scored until the next delivery. A team which does not have any players left to bat can not continue its batting turn, and is said to be "all out". 

The main types of dismissals are:



List of programs broadcast by Nickelodeon

Nickelodeon is an American television network that broadcasts children's programs. It began on December 1, 1977 using the name Pinwheel. The name was changed to Nickelodeon on April 1, 1979.

The first program broadcast on Nickelodeon was "Pinwheel". It was a preschool series created by Dr. Vivian Horner. Horner also created the idea for the channel itself. When it began, Nickelodeon was commercial-free. It mainly showed educational programs. By 1984, the channel began using co by commercials . They also started airing programs that were more for entertainment than education. In January 1988, the network began a block for preschoolers. It was called Nick Jr.. The block aired "Pinwheel" and other educational series. Around the same time, Nickelodeon began making its own animated programs. These were first aired in 1991 under the "Nicktoons" branding.









Arrowsmith (movie)

Arrowsmith is a 1931 American drama movie directed by John Ford and was based on the 1925 novel of the same name by Sinclair Lewis. It stars Ronald Colman, Helen Hayes, Richard Bennett, A.E. Anson, Clarence Brooks, Ward Bond, Myrna Loy, Bert Roach and was distributed by United Artists. It was nominated for 4 Academy Awards in 1932.

Wakefield, Massachusetts

Wakefield is a town in Middlesex County, Massachusetts in the Greater Boston metropolitan area. Wakefield's population was 27,090 at the 2020 census. It is near Lake Quannapowitt.

Romanichthys

Romanichthys valsanicola, the asprete, is a primitive perch found only in Romania. Discovered in 1957, it survives only in the Vâlsan tributary of the Argeş river. It is a critically endangered species.

Chiaroscuro

Chiaroscuro in art is the use of strong contrasts between light and dark. 

This is usually done to make the composition a lot more dramatic. It is also a technical term used by art historians and artists for the contrast of light. It gives a sense of volume when modelling three-dimensional (or 3D) figures. Similar effects used in photography and cinematography are also called chiaroscuro.

The word comes from Italian, from the words "chiaro" (clear) + "oscuro" (dark). The word was first known to be used in the 1680s.

2020 Nagorno-Karabakh ceasefire agreement

The 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh ceasefire agreement is a peace agreement that ended the 2020 Nagorno-Karabakh war. 

It was signed on 9 November by the President of Azerbaijan, Ilham Aliyev, the Prime Minister of Armenia, Nikol Pashinyan, and the President of Russia, Vladimir Putin. It ended all tensions and military actions in the Nagorno-Karabakh region from 00:00, 10 November 2020 Moscow time. 

The President of the self-declared Republic of Artsakh, Arayik Harutyunyan also agreed to an end of hostilities. 

Duckworth–Lewis–Stern method

The Duckworth-Lewis-Stern (DLS) method is a way of measuring the value of the runs scored by both teams in a limited overs cricket game when one team's scoring turn is made shorter than the other team's scoring turn because the game has been shortened midway (such as due to a rain delay). 

For example, if one team bats for 100 deliveries in their scoring turn, and then rain stops the game, the time remaining in the game may only allow the second team to receive a maximum of 50 deliveries. Therefore the Duckworth-Lewis-Stern method is used to calculate a fair target for the second team considering the reduced remaining deliveries in the game. 

The DLS formula also looks at the number of batters that are out on a team when re-calculating the target score for the team batting second. 

StarDog and TurboCat

StarDog and TurboCat is a 2019 British computer animated comic science fiction movie produced by Red Star 3D for Kaleidoscope Film Distribution. It stars Nick Frost, Luke Evans, Gemma Arterton, Bill Nighy, Ben Bailey Smith, Charli D'Amelio and Cory English. It was released on December 6, 2019.


Fielding (cricket)

In cricket, one team puts all of its players in the field and tries to stop the other team from scoring. These players in the field are called fielders, and they can get the other team's players out by hitting a wicket with the ball when the other team's players are not in the batsman's ground of the wicket.

Fielders can stand anywhere in the field, and there are many names for the different parts of the field they can stand in. Most of the names are based on what angle the fielder stands away from the batter (it also depends on whether the batter is left-handed or right-handed), and how far away they are from the batter.

Some common fielding positions are the wicketkeeper and the bowler.

Khumba

Khumba is a 2013 computer-animated movie. It is directed by Anthony Silverston, written by Silverston and Raffaella Delle Donne. It stars Jake T. Austin, Steve Buscemi, Loretta Devine, Laurence Fishburne, Richard E. Grant, AnnaSophia Robb, Catherine Tate, and Liam Neeson. It was made by Triggerfish Animation Studios and was released in 2013.



Brockhampton-by-Ross

Brockhampton is a village and civil parish in Herefordshire, England. The village is close to the River Wye. It is 9 miles (14 kilometres) south-east of Hereford, 8 miles (13 kilometres) north of Ross-on-Wye and 10 miles (16 kilometres) south-west of Ledbury.

Kingdom Hearts 3D: Dream Drop Distance

Kingdom Hearts 3D: Dream Drop Distance is a 2012 Nintendo 3DS role playing game for the "Kingdom Hearts" franchise.

The player control Sora and Riku in story mode.

The gameplay was liked but some felt confused by the plot.

Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance

Ghost Rider: Spirit of Vengeance is a 2011 American superhero horror movie and a sequel to 2007's "Ghost Rider", with Nicolas Cage returning.


Kelly Hu

Kelly Ann Hu (born February 13, 1968) is a Chinese-American actress and model.


Vera's tree frog

Vera's tree frog ("Litoria verae") is a frog from Indonesia. Scientists saw it on the Wandammen Peninsula.

Scientists say this frog is related to the black-dotted tree frog.

Resident Evil 3 (2020 video game)

Resident Evil 3 is a 2020 survival horror video game that is a remake of "". It is set before and after the events of "Resident Evil 2".

The player can play as Jill Valentine and defeat zombies including the titular Nemesis.

People loved the game and improved graphics and controls but felt it was too short for a sequel. Nemesis is known for being a challenging boss.

Yalçın Granit

Yalçın Granit (September 17, 1932 – November 1, 2020) was a Turkish basketball player, coach and sports journalist. He was born in Istanbul. His playing career lasted from 1948 to 1957. His managing career lasted from 1957 to 1974. 

He played for the Galatasaray S.K. He also managed Darüşşafaka Basketbol, İstanbul Teknik Üniversitesi B.K. and for Eczacıbaşı. He participated in the 1952 Summer Olympics in Helsinki.

Granit died on November 1, 2020 in Istanbul at the age of 88.

Maria Tsien

Maria Tsien (February 4, 1925 – November 2, 2020), also known as Marie Tsien McClay, was a Filipina-American actress and philanthropist. She was born in Manila, the Philippines. Her career lasted from 1954 to 1964. She appeared in Asian-related minor roles. She was best known for her roles in "One-Eyed Jacks", "All the Young Men" and "Brushfire".

Tsien died on November 2, 2020 at her home in Los Angeles at the age of 95.

Henry Brind

Arthur Henry Brind (4 July 1927 – 3 November 2020) was a British politician. He was in the Gold Coast (later Ghana) until 1960. Brind was Ambassador to Somalia from 1977 until 1980. He was also High Commissioner to Malawi from 1983 until 1987.

Brind died on 3 November 2020 at the age of 93.

Matti Laakso

Matti Samuel Laakso (23 March 1939 – 3 November 2020) was a Finnish wrestler. He competed in the 1960 Summer Olympics, in the 1964 Summer Olympics, and in the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born in Ilmajoki, Finland. His younger brother was wrestler Martti Laakso. 

Laakso died on 3 November 2020 in Ilmajoki at the age of 81.

White Aryan Resistance

White Aryan Resistance (WAR) is a white supremacist neo-Nazi organization in the United States. It was founded and led by former Ku Klux Klan Grand Dragon Tom Metzger. It is based in Warsaw, Indiana. Its views are seen as racist.

Their newspaper "The Insurgent" has the motto "the most racist newspaper on earth." WAR uses the slogan "White Revolution is the Only Solution".

Tom Metzger

Thomas Linton Metzger (April 9, 1938 – November 4, 2020) was an American white supremacist, skinhead leader and Klansman. 

He founded White Aryan Resistance (WAR) in 1983. He was a Grand Wizard of the Ku Klux Klan in the 1970s. He, his son, and WAR were fined $12 million as a result of the murder of an Ethiopian by skinheads affiliated with WAR.

He unsuccessfully ran for the United States House of Representatives from California in 1980 and for United States Senator in 1982 as a Democrat.

Metzger died on November 4, 2020 at his home in Hemet, California at the age of 82.

John Meyer (American football)

John Edwin Meyer (February 20, 1942 – November 4, 2020) was an American professional football player and coach. He played as a linebacker for the Houston Oilers in the American Football League (AFL) in 1966. He coached the New England Patriots, Detroit Lions and the Green Bay Packers from 1969 to 1983. Meyers was born in Chicago.

Meyer died on November 4, 2020 at the age of 78.

Carlos Campos

Carlos Héctor Campos Silva (February 14, 1937 – November 11, 2020) was a Chilean footballer.

Campos played for Universidad de Chile. He scored 184 goals for the club, and 18 times for the Chilean national team.

Campos died on November 11, 2020 in Ovalle at the age of 83.

Mahmoud Yavari

Mahmoud Yavari (, 11 October 1939 – 10 November 2020) was an Iranian footballer and coach. He managed the Iran national team, Zob Ahan, Sepahan, Shahin Bushehr, Tractor, Pas Tehran, Pas Hamedan, Rah Ahan and Fajr Sepasi.


Jean-Michel Boris

Jean-Michel Boris (14 February 1933 – 6 November 2020) was a French artistic director. He was Director General of the concert hall Olympia from 1979 to 2001. He was born in Bordeaux, France.

Boris died on 6 November 2020 in Paris, aged 87.

Patrick Chokala

Patrick Segeja Chokala (3 March 1948 – 6 November 2020) was a Tanzanian politician. He was the ambassador of the United Republic of Tanzania to the Russian Federation from 2002 to 2004.

Chokala died of a heart attack in Dar es Salaam on 6 November 2020, aged 72.

Cyril Colbeau-Justin

Cyril Colbeau-Justin (28 September 1970 – 7 November 2020) was a French movie producer. He was born in Paris. His career began in 2000. His best known movies produced were "A Gang Story" (2011), "Hollywoo" (2011), "Mea Culpa" (2014), "Rabin, the Last Day" (2015) "Down by Love" (2016) and "Madame" (2017).

Colbeau-Justin died of cancer in Paris on 7 November 2020 at the age of 50.

Assassination of Yitzhak Rabin

The assassination of Yitzhak Rabin happened on 4 November 1995 at 21:30. It happened at the end of a rally in support of the Oslo Accords at the Kings of Israel Square in Tel Aviv. 

The assassin, an Israeli nationalist named Yigal Amir, was against the accords and Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin's peace plans.

After the rally, Rabin walked down the Tel Aviv City Hall steps towards his car. As he entered the car, Amir approached the car from the rear and fired two shots at Rabin with a semi-automatic pistol. Rabin was hit in the abdomen and chest. Amir was immediately tackled by Rabin's bodyguards and police on the scene, and fired a third shot at bodyguard Yoram Rubin during the struggle, lightly wounding him. 

Amir was arrested on the scene with the murder weapon. He was taken to a police station a few blocks away.

Yoram Rubin tried to get Rabin in the car but Rabin's body was "limp and heavy". Another of Rabin's bodyguards, Shai Glaser, helped put Rabin in the backseat of the car. He was taken to Ichilov Hospital at the Tel Aviv Sourasky Medical Center, a short drive away. 

Rabin, who was bleeding a lot, was conscious and said that he thought he'd been hurt but not too badly before passing out. Some ten minutes after the shooting, the car arrived at Ichilov Hospital.

At this time, Rabin was not breathing and had no pulse. After the air was drained from Rabin's chest, his pulse came back. He then had surgery. However his health got worse and his heart stopped. At 23:02, one hour and thirty-two minutes after the shooting, doctors gave up their tries to revive Rabin and pronounced him dead.

The funeral of Rabin took place on November 6, two days after the assassination, at the Mount Herzl cemetery in Jerusalem, where Rabin was later buried. 

Hundreds of world leaders, including about 80 heads of state, attended the funeral. President of the United States Bill Clinton, King Hussein of Jordan, Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands, Russian Prime Minister Viktor Chernomyrdin, Spanish Prime Minister and European Council President-in-Office Felipe González, Prime Minister of Canada Jean Chrétien, acting Israeli Prime Minister and Foreign Minister Shimon Peres, United Nations Secretary-General Boutros Boutros-Ghali, Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak, President of the Republic of the Congo Denis Sassou Nguesso, and President of Israel Ezer Weizman were some of the world leaders who went.

Yigal Amir was tried for Rabin's murder. Yigal Amir was convicted and sentenced to life imprisonment for Rabin's murder and an additional six years for injuring Yoram Rubin. Amir's sentence was not reduced by the President of Israel, which is often see as traditional. 

Florence Foresti

Florence Foresti (; born 8 November 1973) is a French comedian and actress. She appeared in the Stéphane Bern programme "20h 10 pétantes", and then on Laurent Ruquier's "On a tout essayé".

In 2016, she hosted the 41st César Awards.


Pierre Lataillade

Pierre Lataillade (27 April 1933 – 7 November 2020) was a French politician. He was born in Arcachon, France. He was a member of the Rally of the Republic Party. From 1978 to 1981, he was a member of the National Assembly. From 1985 to 2001, he was Mayor of Arcachon. From 1986 to 1999, he was a Member of the European Parliament.

Lataillade died on 7 November 2020 in Gujan-Mestras, France at the age of 87.

Rally for the Republic

The Rally for the Republic ( ; RPR ), was a Gaullist and conservative political party in France.

It originally was the Union of Democrats for the Republic (UDR). It was founded by Jacques Chirac in 1976. 

On 21 September 2002, the RPR was merged into the Union for the Presidential Majority, later renamed the Union for a Popular Movement (UMP).

Philip Lavallin Wroughton

Sir Philip Lavallin Wroughton (19 April 1933 – 7 November 2020) is a British politician and businessman. He was born in Chaddleworth, Berkshire. He was the Lord Lieutenant of Berkshire from 1995 until 2008. He was Vice-Chairman of one of the World's largest insurance and investment management businesses, Marsh & McLennan Companies of New York City.

Wroughton died on 7 November 2020, at the age of 87.

Jean-Yves Nau

Jean-Yves Nau (28 May 1952 – 8 November 2020) was a French physician and scientific journalist. He began working for the newspaper "Le Monde" in 1980. He wrote for "La Revue du practicien", "Revue Médicale Suisse", "La Nouvelle République du Centre-Ouest". 

He moved to the French language version of "Slate magazine" as a columnist.

Nau died on 8 November 2020 at the age of 68.

One Hour with You

One Hour with You is a 1932 American musical comedy movie directed by Ernst Lubitsch and was based on the play "Only a Dream" by Lothar Schmidt. It stars Maurice Chevalier, Jeanette MacDonald, Roland Young, Genevieve Tobin, Charles Ruggles, Josephine Dunn, Richard Carle and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1932 and was a remake of the 1924 movie "The Marriage Circle".


Ron Klain

Ronald A. Klain (born August 8, 1961) is an American politician and lawyer. He is a member of the Democratic Party. He was the 30th White House Chief of Staff from January 20, 2021 until February 8, 2023 in the Joe Biden administration. 

He was the chief of staff to two U.S. vice presidents: Al Gore (1995–1999) and Joe Biden (2009–2011).

In early 2020, Klain joined Biden's presidential campaign as a senior advisor. 

On November 11, 2020 it was announced he would be the White House Chief of Staff for President Joe Biden.

In January 2023, Klain announced his plans to resign as chief of staff in the weeks after President Biden's State of the Union Address in February.

Removal of Martín Vizcarra

The impeachment of Martín Vizcarra, the 85th President of Peru, began when the Congress of Peru started the process on 8 October 2020 because of Vizcarra's "permanent moral incapacity". On October 20, 2020, political factions Union for Peru, Podemos Peru, and Frente Amplio pushed for the articles of impeachment against President Vizcarra. He was accused of corruption. 

Vizcarra was convicted of the charges on 9 November 2020 in a 105-16 vote. When the date arrived, impeachment began with 60 votes in favor, 40 against and 18 abstentions. 

Vizcarra was replaced by Congress President Manuel Merino on 10 November.

Vizcarra became the third president to have been impeached and convicted, along with Guillermo Billinghurst (1914) and Alberto Fujimori (2000).

Luis Valdez Farías

Luis Alberto Valdez Farías (born 2 April 1979) is a Peruvian politician. He is a Congressman representing La Libertad for the 2020 to 2021 term. He is a member of the Alliance for Progress party.

He was Lieutenant Governor of La Libertad Region throughout 2015 until governor César Acuña Peralta resigned in order to run for President of Peru in the 2016 Peruvian general election.

During the second presidential vacancy process against Vizcarra, Valdéz voted in favor of the declaration of moral incapacity against Martín Vizcarra. The vacancy was approved by 105 parliamentarians on November 9, 2020.

Walter Martos

Walter Roger Martos Ruiz (born 2 November 1957) is a Peruvian retired military general and politician. He was Prime Minister of Peru from August to November 2020, under Martín Vizcarra's administration. He was Minister of Defense from October 2019 to August 2020.

Martos was born in the northern city of Cajamarca. Following the conclusion of his high school education at the Cristo Rey Maristas School, Martos enrolled in the Chorrillos Military School, where he would graduate in 1978 with a specialization in Engineering. He attained a master's degree at the Army's Superior War College and at the Army's Scientific and Technological Institute.

He was successively Secretary General of the Army General Command; General Commander of Education and Doctrine Command of the Peruvian Army; Commander General of the Northern Military Region (2011); Chief of General Staff of the Army; and Chair of Joint Chiefs of Staff of the Armed Forces (2013).

He has also been director of the Army Language Center; Academic deputy director and director of the Military School of Chorrillos; director of the School of Engineering and the Superior School of War.

Ántero Flores Aráoz

Ántero Flores Aráoz Esparza (born 28 February 1942) is a Peruvian lawyer and politician. In November 2020, he became the Prime Minister of Peru. He resigned on 15 November 2020, just five days into the role. Once a prominent member and leader of the Christian People's Party, he left and founded the Order Party in order to run for the presidency at the 2016 general election, in which he placed tenth and last with 0.4% of the popular vote.

From 2004 to 2005, he was President of the Congress of the Republic of Peru. He also was Minister of Defence between 2007 to 2009.

Son of Ántero Flores-Aráoz Adalid and Inés Esparza Moselli. He was born in Lima in 1942. He is the fourth grandson of the hero of the Independence of Argentina and Peru, Francisco Aráoz de Lamadrid.

He studied primary and secondary school at Colegio La Salle de Lima. He entered the Faculty of Law of the Pontificia Universidad Católica del Perú; however, he transferred to the National University of San Marcos, from which he graduated in Law and obtained the title of Lawyer.

He has also served as a teacher at the University of Lima and at the University of San Martín de Porres.

In the 2020 peruvian protest, Ántero Flores Aráoz said lots of controversy phrases. He said that the people protest because they're boring in his houses. 

2020 Peruvian protests

The 2020 Peruvian protests were a series of demonstrations caused after the removal of President Martín Vizcarra. These started on November 9, 2020. 

Massive protests were seen in many cities of the country, to show their anger at the president's vacancy and reject the inauguration of the president of Congress, Manuel Merino.

Luciana Borio

Luciana Borio is a Brazilian-American infectious disease physician and medical/public health administrator. 

She is a vice president at In-Q-Tel. She was Director for Medical and Biodefense Preparedness at the National Security Council, Acting Chief Scientist of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA), Assistant Commissioner for Counterterrorism Policy of the FDA, and Director of FDA's Office of Counterterrorism and Emerging Threats. 

She is known for her work advancing clinical trials, the development of medical countermeasures for health emergencies, and the public health responses to Ebola and Zika outbreaks.

On November 9, 2020, U.S. president-elect Joe Biden named Borio to be one of the 13 members of his COVID-19 Advisory Board.

COVID-19 Advisory Board

The COVID-19 Advisory Board was announced in November 2020 by then President-elect of the United States Joe Biden as part of his presidential transition.

It is co-chaired by physicians David A. Kessler, Marcella Nunez-Smith, and Vivek Murthy and comprises 13 health experts.

The goal of the advisory board is to create ideas and rules on how to tackle the COVID-19 pandemic in the United States during Biden's transition period. The board was dissolved when Biden was inaugurated on January 20, 2021 and was replaced with the White House COVID-19 Response Team.

Marcella Nunez-Smith

Marcella Nunez-Smith is an American physician. She is an associate professor of medicine and epidemiology at the Yale School of Medicine, where she is also Associate Dean for Health Equity Research and founding director of the Equity Research and Innovation Center. 

In November 2020, Nunez-Smith was named as one of three co-chairs of Joe Biden's COVID-19 Advisory Board.

Hoop-La

Hoop-La is a 1933 American drama movie directed by Frank Lloyd and was based on the play "The Barker" by Kenyon Nicholson. It stars Clara Bow, Preston Foster, Richard Cromwell, Herbert Mundin, James Gleason, Minna Gombell. It was distributed by 20th Century Fox and was a box office disappointment.


Fernando Atzori

Fernando Atzori (1 June 1942 – 9 November 2020) was an Italian flyweight boxer. He won a gold medal at the 1964 Summer Olympics. 

After the Olympics, he turned professional and won the European title in 1967. Atzori had the title nine times before losing it in 1972. He then had it again and lost again in 1973. Atzori retired from the ring in 1975.

Virginia Bonci

Virginia Bonci (5 January 1949 – 9 November 2020) was a Romanian athlete. She competed in the women's high jump at the 1968 Summer Olympics. She was born in Pielești, Romania.

Bonci died in Bucharest on 9 November 2020, aged 71.

Shu-bi-dua

Shu•bi•dua or Shu-bi-dua is a Danish pop group that was formed in 1973 in Copenhagen.

Shu-bi-dua changed their lineup many times, however their lead singer was with the band throughout, except for the gap between 1984 and 1987. 

They have produced many well-known hits in Denmark, like "Vuffeli-vov", "Hvalen Hvalborg", "Står på en Alpetop", "Stærk Tobak" (to the music from the Phil Medley and Bert Russell song "Twist and Shout"), "Familien kom til Kaffe", "Sex Chikane", "We wanna be free", and many more. 

They are the Danish band with most selling albums in Denmark.


Harry R. Jackson Jr.

Harry R. Jackson Jr. (February 4, 1953 – November 9, 2020) was an American Christian pastor, Pentecostal bishop, and author. He was the senior pastor at Hope Christian Church in Beltsville, Maryland.

He also was a bishop of the International Communion of Evangelical Churches. He was also a social conservative activist and commentator and was known for being against same-sex marriage and abortion. 

Jackson was born and raised in Cincinnati, Ohio. He was also a religious advisor for President Donald Trump.

Jackson died on November 9, 2020 at the age of 66.

Italy at the Youth Olympics

Italy competed at the Youth Olympic Games for the first time in 2010 in Singapore, and has participated in every Games since then.


Multi-sport event

A multi-sport event is an organized sporting event, often held over multiple days, featuring competition in many different sports among organized teams of athletes from (mostly) nation-states. The first major, modern, multi-sport event of international significance was the Olympic Games, first held in modern times in 1896 in Athens, Greece and inspired by the Ancient Olympic Games, one of a number of such events held in antiquity. Most modern multi-sports events have the same basic structure. Games are held over the 
course of several days in and around a "host city", which changes for each competition. Countries send national teams to each competition, consisting of individual athletes and teams that compete in a wide variety of sports. Athletes or teams are awarded gold, silver or bronze medals for first, second and third place respectively. Each games are generally held every four years, though some are annual competitions.

John Kinsela

John Francis Kinsela (27 May 1950 – 9 November 2020) was an Australian indigenous wrestler. He competed in the 1968 Summer Olympics and in the 1972 Summer Olympics. He was born in Sydney.

Kinsela died on 9 November 2020 in Sydney, aged 70.

Edward McClain

Edward Browning "E. B." McClain (April 29, 1940 – November 9, 2020) was an American politician and chemist. He was a Democratic member of both the Alabama Senate from 1995 through 2009 and the Alabama House of Representatives from 1987 through 1994. He was born in Bessemer, Alabama.

In 2009, he was convicted of money laundering and corrpution. He was sentenced to 70 months.

McClain died on November 9, 2020 in Pleasant Grove, Alabama at the age of 80.

Score voting

Score voting is a way of electing candidates, in which the voters score each candidate on a scale of 0 to 5 (or another scale), and after adding up the points given to each candidate by all voters, the candidate with the most points wins. It is used in elections without proportional representation. 

Approval voting is a form of Score voting that uses a scale of 0 to 1.


Nelson Mandela Bay Metropolitan Municipality

Nelson Mandela Bay Municipality is one of eight metropolitan municipalities (also called Category A municipalities) in South Africa. It is located on the shores of Algoa Bay in the Eastern Cape Province.

It is made-up of the city of Port Elizabeth, the nearby towns of Uitenhage and Despatch, and the surrounding rural area.

The name "Nelson Mandela Bay Municipality" was chosen to honor former President Nelson Mandela.


STAR voting

STAR voting is a way of electing candidates that elects one of the two candidates with the most points in a score voting election; between the two, the candidate who is scored higher than the other candidate by more voters is elected. 

In 2018, voters in Lane County, Oregon chose not to use STAR voting in their future elections. 

Shegufta Bakht Chaudhuri

Shegufta Bakht Chaudhuri (known as S B Chaudhuri; 1931 – 11 November 2020) was a Bangladeshi economist and politician. He was the fourth governor of Bangladesh Bank from 1987 to 1992. He was born in Habiganj District, Bengal Presidency.

Chaudhuri died on 11 November 2020 in Dhaka.

Sequential proportional approval voting

Sequential proportional approval voting (SPAV) is a way of electing candidates that gives proportional representation. It combines approval voting and the highest averages method. 

SPAV elects the candidate who would win an election in Approval voting (ignoring any candidates that were already elected), and then reduces the power of voters who voted for that candidate. This repeats until there are as many elected candidates as necessary. 

The strength of a voter's vote after a candidate they voted for wins is equal to (1/m+1), with m being the number of candidates the voter supported that have won so far. For example, a voter who voted for 2 candidates that won and 3 that did not has only 1/3rd of their vote power remaining.

Highest averages method

A highest averages method is a way of electing candidates that gives proportional representation. It works by looking at the number of votes that political parties have and giving seats to each party when a party can "average" more votes for each seat it gets than any other party. The D'Hondt method and the Webster method are two common highest average methods.

Francesc Xavier Ciuraneta Aymí

Francesc Xavier Ciuraneta Aymí (12 March 1940 – 11 November 2020) was a Spanish Roman Catholic prelate. He was born in La Palma d'Ebre, Spain. He was the Bishop of Menorca from 1991 to 1999 and of Lleida from 1999 to 2007.

Ciuraneta Aymí died on 11 November 2020 in La Palma d'Ebre from Parkinson's disease-related problems at the age of 80.

Thembekile Kimi Makwetu

Thembekile Kimi Makwetu (1966 – 11 November 2020) was a South African accountant and politician. He was the Auditor-General of South Africa between 2013 and 2020 during the Jacob Zuma and Cyril Ramaphosa administrations. He was born in Cape Town, South Africa.

Makwetu died of lung cancer on 11 November 2020 in Johannesburg at the age of 54.


Five Star Final

Five Star Final is a 1931 American crime drama movie directed by Mervyn LeRoy and was based on the 1930 play of the same name by Louis Weitzenkorn. It stars Edward G. Robinson, Aline MacMahon, Boris Karloff, H.B. Warner, Anthony Bushell, Oscar Apfel and was distributed by Warner Bros.. It was nominated for an Academy Award in 1932 and was remade as "Two Against the World".


Shanghai Express (movie)

Shanghai Express is a 1932 American romantic drama movie directed by Josef von Sternberg and was based on the 1931 short story by Harry Hervey. It stars Marlene Dietrich, Clive Brook, Anna May Wong, Warner Oland, Lawrence Grant, Eugene Pallette and was distributed by Paramount Pictures. It was nominated for 3 Oscars and won an Academy Award in 1932.


Volodymyr the Great

Volodymyr the Great (c. 958 – 15 July 1015) was Prince of Novgorod, Grand Prince of Kyiv, and ruler of Kyivan Rus' from 980 to 1015. He baptized the Kyiv Rus' in 988 and was proclaimed as Saint Volodymyr by the Orthodox church.

Volodymyr was the son of Prince Sviatoslav I of Kyiv of the Rurik dynasty. After the death of his father in 972, Volodymyr moved to Scandinavia from Novgorod as his brother Yaropolk had murdered his other brothers in order to gain the power in Kyiv. In Sweden and Norway he gathered a Varangian army and took Novgorod from his brother Yaropolk. By 980, Volodymyr had consolidated the Kyiv kingdom from modern-day Ukraine, Belarus and minor parts of modern day Russia.

In 981 he captured the Cherven towns from the Poles. In 981–984 he suppressed and conquered a few Slavic tribes including Vyatychi and Radymychi. In 985 Vololdymyr made a war against the Volga Bulgars. 

List of current champions in the National Wrestling Alliance

National Wrestling Alliance (NWA) is an American professional wrestling promotion operating via its parent company Lightning One, Inc. Title reigns are either determined by professional wrestling matches or are awarded to a wrestler, as a result of the culmination of various scripted storylines.

The promotion currently has 5 championships. The list includes the number of times the wrestler has held the title, the date and location of the win, and a description of the winning bout.

Jorge Llopart

Jorge "Jordi" Llopart Ribas (5 May 1952 – 11 November 2020) was a Spanish race walker. He competed in the 50 km event at the 1980, 1984, and 1988 Olympics. He won a silver medal in 1980. He was a European champion in this event in 1978. Llopart was born in El Prat de Llobregat, Spain.

Llopart died on 11 November 2020 in Badalona, Spain from a heart attack, aged 68.

Badalona

Badalona (, ) is a municipality to the immediate north east of Barcelona in Catalonia, Spain. It is the third largest city in Catalonia and the twenty-third in Spain. It became a city in 1897.

Giuliana Minuzzo

Giuliana Chenal-Minuzzo (née Minuzzo, 26 November 1931 – 11 November 2020) was an Italian alpine skier. She was born in Vallonara di Marostica, Italy. 

At the 1952 Olympics in Oslo Minuzzo was the bronze medalist in the women's downhill competition. 

At the 1960 Olympics, she was bronze medalist in the women's giant slalom event.

At the 1956 Winter Olympics in Cortina d'Ampezzo, Minuzzo made history by becoming the first woman to take the Olympic Oath.

On 11 November 2020, Minuzzo died in Aosta, Italy at the age of 88.


Abdulkadir Balarabe Musa

Abdulkadir Balarabe Musa (21 August 1936 – 11 November 2020) was a Nigerian politician. He was elected Governor of Kaduna State, Nigeria during the Nigerian Second Republic, holding office from October 1979 until he was impeached on 23 June 1981.

During the Nigerian Fourth Republic he was leader of the Conference of Nigerian Political Parties (CNPP), a coalition of opposition parties.

Balarabe Musa died on 11 November 2020 in Kaduna at the age of 84.

Gonçalo Ribeiro Telles

Gonçalo Pereira Ribeiro Telles (24 May 1922 – 11 November 2020) was a Portuguese politician and landscape architect. He was born in Lisbon, Portugal. He was the Minister for Quality of Life from 1981 to 1983 during the António Ramalho Eanes presidency. He was the founder of the political parties People's Monarchist Party and Movimento Partido da Terra.

Ribeiro Telles died on 11 November 2020 in Lisbon at the age of 98.


Charles Corver

Charles George Reinier Corver (16 January 1936 – 10 November 2020) was a Dutch football referee.

He refereed the 1982 World Cup semifinal between Germany and France in Seville, Spain. Corver was referee at two World Cups and two European championships. He refereed four European Cup finals, ten semifinals and a final World Cup for clubs in Argentina. He retired in 1983.

Corver was born in Leiden and died in Leidschendam at the age of 84.

Graham Cowdrey

Graham Robert Cowdrey (27 June 1964 – 10 November 2020) was an English cricketer. 

He was the third son of the cricketer Colin Cowdrey. He was born in Farnborough in 1964 and educated at Wellesley House and Tonbridge School. 

He played for Kent County Cricket Club as an attacking batsman in first-class and List A cricket from 1984 to 1998.

Cowdrey worked as a Cricket Liaison Officer for the England and Wales Cricket Board.

Dino da Costa

Dino Da Costa (; 1 August 1931 – 10 November 2020) was a Brazilian-born Italian professional footballer. He played as a central midfielder and striker. He was born in Rio de Janeiro. He made one appearance for the Italian national team in 1958. From 1948 to 1955, he made 51 appearances for Botafogo de Futebol e Regatas.

Da Costa died in Verona on 10 November 2020, aged 89.

Amir Yavari

Ghasem Amir Yavarkandi (; 5 December 1931 – 10 November 2020), also known as Amir Yavari, was an Iranian professional boxer. He was a member of the senior national boxing team. He was born in Tehran.

Yavari joined the "Niroo va Rasti" (; "Power and Virtue") Club in 1947 at the age of sixteen. Yavari was selected as Iranian captain during the 1960 Summer Olympics, where he competed in the welterweight division.

Yavari died on 10 November 2020 in Tehran at the age of 88.

Sven Wollter

Sven Justus Fredrik Wollter (11 January 1934 – 10 November 2020) was a Swedish actor, writer, and political activist. He was awarded Best Swedish actor twice. 

He was known for his role as Madame Flod's son Gusten in Swedish Television's version of "The People of Hemsö" by August Strindberg in 1966. He played Detective Sergeant Lennart Kollberg in Bo Widerberg's movie "The Man on the Roof". He played Victor in "The Sacrifice" by Andrei Tarkovsky.

Wollter died on 10 November 2020 in Luleå, Sweden from COVID-19 during the pandemic at the age of 86. He was also suffering from chronic obstructive pulmonary disease.

Renzo Gattegna

Renzo Gattegna (1939 – 10 November 2020) was an Italian lawyer and politician. He was born in Rome. Gattegna was the President of the Union of Italian Jewish Communities. He was elected on 16 July 2006. 

Gattegna died in Rome on 10 November 2020 in Lazio, Italy from COVID-19 at the age of 81.

Oleksiy Shevchuk

Oleksiy Shevchuk (born July 13, 1985; Kyiv) is a Ukrainian criminal defense lawyer, journalist and TV-host. Best known for his participation in political trials related to the criminal prosecution of the top politicians and entrepreneurs, such as Kyiv mayor Vitaliy Klitchko, an oligarch Oleksandr Onyshchenko and a tycoon Oleg Bakhmatyuk.

Oleksiy was born on July 13, 1985 in Kyiv. 

In 2007, he received a Master's degree in Law from Kyiv National Economic University.

In 2018 and 2019 got an award "Lawyer of the Year" according to the Ukrainian Bar Association.

In 2019, Oleksiy got an Order of St. Michael by the Orthodox Church of Ukraine

In 2006-2007, he worked as a legal consultant and the head of the legal department at LLC Fourway and LLC Karges.

In 2009, Oleksiy co-founded a law firm Shevchuk and Partners. 

In 2017, he co-founded a new law firm Barristers as a merger of Shevchuk and Partners together with Ponomarenko & Partners law firms. 

Oleksiy Shevchuk became well known after participating in resonant cases, defending top-politicians of Ukraine.

Some of the most famous cases:

The case of Genadiy Korban, a Ukrainian state and political figure, businessman, the head of UKROP party

The case of Oleksandr Onyshchenko, a Ukrainian politician, businessman and athlete, member of the Parliament

The case of Vitaliy Klitchko, the mayor of Kiev, former heavyweight world box champion.

The case of Oleg Bakhmatyuk, a Ukrainian agriculture tycoon, owner of defunct VAB Bank. 

Vladimir Găitan

Vladimir Găitan (; 2 February 1947 – 10 November 2020) was a Romanian actor. He appeared in more than forty movies beginning in 1968. He was born in Suceava, Romania. 

He was best known for his roles in "The Reenactment", "Pe Aici Nu Se Trece", "Accident", "Uncle Marin, the Billionaire", "Mihail, câine de circ", "Last Night of Love", "Mircea" and "The Man of the Day".

Găitan died on 10 November 2020 in Bucharest from stomach cancer, aged 73.

Zizur Mayor/Zizur Nagusia

Zizur Mayor (Basque: Zizur Nagusia) is a municipality in the Spanish autonomous community of Navarra, Northern Spain.

It is located near the capital city of Navarra. It is home to 13,373 people.


Orthodox Church of Ukraine

The Orthodox Church of Ukraine or OCU (Ukrainian: Православна церква України) is an independent Eastern Orthodox Church established by Constantinople metropolitan in 2018. Its canonical territory is Ukraine. In 2022, about 47% of the people in Ukraine belonged to this church. Another 13 % belong to the Ukrainian Orthodox Church (Moscow Patriarchate).

The Church was founded at the Unification Council (Sobor) in Kyiv on 15 December 2018. It was granted a decree of independence by the Patriarchate of Constantinople in Istanbul on 5 January 2019. The Unification Council of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine elected Epiphanius I of Ukraine – as the Metropolitan of Kyiv and all Ukraine.

The Orthodox Church of Ukraine is guided by the Holy Scriptures and the Holy Tradition, the canons of the Orthodox Church. Orthodox Christians of Ukraine are members of the OCU, regardless of their origin. Since, according to Tomos (decree of independence), the borders of the canonical territory of the OCU are determined by the borders of the Ukrainian state. Orthodox Ukrainians abroad are subject to the jurisdiction of the Patriarchate of Constantinople. The main church of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine is St. Michael's Golden-Domed Cathedral in Kyiv.

The church appeared in 988 but due to historical reasons it's independence was interrupted in 17-18 century by Moscow Principality. OCU was finally reestablished as an independent church on January 6, 2019.

OCU has been recognized by the following Orthodox Churches:


Luis Ibero

Luis Ibero Elia (11 July 1949 – 10 November 2020) was a Spanish politician. He was Mayor of Zizur Mayor between 1992 to 1995. Ibero was President of the Commonwealth of Pamplona 2003 until 2007. He was a member of the Convergence of Democrats of Navarre. Ibero was born in Pamplona, Spain.

Ibero died of COVID-19 on 10 November 2020 in Pamplona at the age of 71.

Juan Sol

Juan Cruz Sol Oria (13 September 1947 – 10 November 2020) was a Spanish footballer. 

He played as a defender. He has played for Valencia, Real Madrid, and the Spanish national team.

He played 28 matches for Spain national football team, and scored 1 goal.

Sol died on 10 November 2020 at the age of 73.


Igor Moskvin

Igor Borisovich Moskvin (; 30 August 1929 – 10 November 2020) was a Russian figure skating coach and competitor. He represented the Soviet Union in pair skating with his partner Maya Belenkaya. He became a three-time Soviet national champion from 1952 to 1954.

He was an Honoured Master of Sports of the USSR and Honored Coach of the USSR. He was born in Bezhitsa, Bryansk Oblast.

Moskvin died in Saint Petersburg, Russia on 10 November 2020 after a serious illness at the age of 91. 

Maya Belenkaya

Maya Petrovna Belenkaya (; born 1 May 1931) is a former Soviet figure skater. With her partner Igor Moskvin, she became a three-time Soviet national champion from 1952 to 1954. In 1956, Belenkaya/Moskvin were sent to their first and only European Championships and finished 11th at the event in Paris. She was born in Saint Petersburg, Russia.

Isidro Pedraza Chávez

Isidro Pedraza Chávez (15 May 1959 – 10 November 2020) was a Mexican politician. He was a member of the PRD. He was the Senator from Hidalgo from 2012 to 2015. He also was a member of the Chamber of Deputies from 2006 to 2009. He was born in Jacala, Higalgo.

Chávez died on 10 November 2020 in Pachua, Hidaldo from COVID-19, aged 61.

Mahadeepak Singh Shakya

Mahadeepak Singh Shakya (25 July 1922 – 10 November 2020) was an Indian politician. He was a member of Lok Sabha for six terms from Etah in Uttar Pradesh from 1977 to 1998. He was a leader of Bharatiya Janata Party.

Shakya died on 10 November 2020 in Lucknow, India at the age of 98.

Bone marrow failure

Bone marrow failure happens when people who produce a low amount of red blood cells, white blood cells or platelets. Red blood cells transport oxygen to be spread throughout the body’s tissue. White blood cells fight off infections that enter the body. 

Bone marrow also has platelets, which trigger clotting, and thus help stop the blood flow when a wound occurs. 

Jacques Glowinski

Jacques Glowinski (30 August 1936 – 5 November 2020) was a French pharmacist and biology researcher. His works focused on neurobiology and neuropharmacology. He was known as one of the founding fathers in France. He was a professor at the Collège de France. He was a member of the French Academy of sciences from 1992 until his death.

Glowinski died on 5 November 2020 at the age of 84.

Mohammed Bakar

Datuk Mohammed Bakar (or Mohamad Bakar) (25 June 1945 – 8 November 2020) was a Malaysian footballer. He was born in Bagan Ajam. From 1965 to 1977, he played for Penang FA. From 1970 to 1975, he played for the national team. From 1985 to 1986, he managed the national team.

Bakar died on 8 November 2020 at a hospital in Kuala Lumpur from bone marrow failure, aged 75.

La Mosca Tsé - Tsé

La Mosca Tsé – Tsé or simply La Mosca (in English: "The Tsetse Fly") is an Argentine rock fusion band. Thier music was generally ska, cumbia, merengue, salsa and pop rock. 

The group was formed in 1995. 

Theresa Stewart

Theresa Stewart (24 August 1930 – 11 November 2020) was an English Labour Party politician. She was the first female leader of Birmingham City Council. She was elected to the position in October 1993 and lost re-election in May 1999.

She was also Lord Mayor of Birmingham from May 2000 to May 2001, being only the sixth woman to hold that position.

Stewart died on 11 November 2020, aged 90.

Irvin Baxter Jr.

Irvin Lee Baxter Jr. (July 8, 1945 – November 3, 2020) was an American Oneness Pentecostal minister, televangelist, author, and biblical scholar. He hosted the biblical prophecy television program, "End of The Age", and, who also was the founder and president of Endtime Ministries.

He was a pastor of the Oak Park Church (UPCI). He was born in Richmond, Indiana.

Baxter Jr. died of COVID-19 on November 3, 2020 in Richardson, Texas, aged 75.

Asif Basra

Asif Basra (27 July 1967 – 12 November 2020) was an Indian actor. He was best known for his role as Puro in the American comedy movie "Outsourced" (2006). He was born in Amravati, Maharashtra. His career began in 1998.

Basra hung himself on 12 November 2020 at his home in Dharamshala, Himachal Pradesh at the age of 53.

Surendra Singh Jeena

Surendra Singh Jeena (8 December 1969 – 12 November 2020) was an Indian politician. He was member of the Bharatiya Janata Party. Jeena was a member of the Uttarakhand Legislative Assembly from 2007 until his death.

Jeena died of COVID-19 on 12 November 2020, aged 50.

Leonid Potapov

Leonid Vasilyevich Potapov (; 4 July 1935 – 12 November 2020) was a Russian politician. He was the President of the Buryat Republic in Russia from August 1991 to July 2007. He was born in Uakit, Soviet Union. Potapov was a member of the Communist Party.

Potapov died on 12 November 2020 at a Moscow hospital from COVID-19, aged 85.

Krasnodar Rora

Krasnodar Rora (23 March 1945 – 12 November 2020) was a Yugoslav-Croatian professional football player and manager. He played five times for the Yugoslavia national football team from 1967 to 1968. He managed Radnik Velika Gorica, Šibenik and HAŠK Zagreb.

Rora died on 12 November 2020 in Zagreb, aged 75.


Edward Flak

Edward Flak (13 May 1948 – 11 November 2020) was a Polish lawyer and politician. He was born in Wrocław, Poland. He was Mayor of Olesno from 1990 to 1994 and again from 1998 to 2006. He was also a member of the Sejm from 1992 to 1993. Flak was a member of the German Minority Electoral Committee.

Flak died on 11 November 2020 in Warsaw at the age of 72.

Nelly Kaplan

Nelly Kaplan (11 April 1931 – 12 November 2020) was an Argentine-born French movie director and screenwriter. She was born in Buenos Aires, but moved to Paris in the 1950s. She produced the 1960 movie "Austerlitz". Her best known directed work was "A Very Curious Girl".

Kaplan died of COVID-19 on 12 November 2020 at her home in Geneva, Switzerland at the age of 89.

Olesno

Olesno () is a town in Opole Voivodship, Poland about north-east of the city of Opole. 

It is the capital of Olesno County and seat of the Gmina Olesno.

Puerto Rican poetry

Puerto Rican poetry refers to poems written by Puerto Rican writers.

Puerto Ricans are American citizens. Because of this, Puerto Rican poetry is a part of American poetry. Puerto Rican poetry is also considered part of Caribbean poetry and Latin American poetry. This is because the island is in the Caribbean. It is also because of the cultural and linguistic connection to the region. 

Puerto Rican poetry is often written in Spanish. However, Puerto Rican poets often use both English and Spanish in the same poem. Sometimes, poets mix Spanish and English words into Spanglish expressions.

Themes include: personal identity, cultural heritage, oppression, discrimination, racism, sexism, and Puerto Rican politics. Poems about the island often use images of oceans, rivers, beaches, local foods, and family traditions. However, Puerto Ricans poets who move to the mainland USA write about city streets, crowds, and the pressures of urban life. 




Epiphanius I of Ukraine

Metropolitan Epiphanius of Kyiv and All Ukraine was born with the name Serhii Dumenko. He was born on February 3, 1979. He is the head of the Orthodox Church of Ukraine (OCU). He is Metropolitan of Kyiv and All Ukraine.

Metropolitan Epiphanius was the Metropolitan bishop of Pereyaslav and Bila Tserkva from 2013 to 2018.

Serhii Dumenko was born on February 3, 1979 in Odesa Oblast, Ukraine. He lived in Chernivtsi Oblast when he was young.

In 1999, he graduated from the Kyiv Theological Seminary. Then he entered the Kyiv Theological Academy. He graduated with a doctor of theology degree in 2003.

Ali Fazal

Ali Fazal (pronounced ; born 15 October 1986) is an Indian actor and model. He made his acting debut with a small role in the English language movie "The Other End of the Line" (2008). He then acted in the American television miniseries "Bollywood Hero" (2009).

Fazal made his Bollywood debut with a special appearance in "3 Idiots" (2009). He then acted in "Always Kabhi Kabhi" (2011). His first success was in "Fukrey" (2013). He then acted in supporting roles in movies like "Baat Ban Gayi" (2013), "Bobby Jasoos" (2014) and "Sonali Cable" (2014).

He played the main role in the horror movie "Khamoshiyan" (2015). He then acted in his first American movie "Furious 7" (2015). He also played a role in "Happy Bhag Jayegi" with "Diana Penty" in 2016.

Fazal acted in the British-American movie "Victoria & Abdul". The movie portrays the relationship of Queen Victoria (Judi Dench) and her confidant, Indian servant Abdul Karim (Fazal). The movie premiered at the Venice Film Festival in 2017. The costumes worn by the main actors in the film have been added as part of the official display at Osborne House.

In 2018, he played Guddu Pandit in "Mirzapur". In 2020 he continued his role of Guddu Pandit in "Mirzapur" season 2. 

Fazal was born in Lucknow, Uttar Pradesh, India. Fazal's family is from Allahbad. His father worked in a firm in the Middle East. His parents separated when he was a child. From then on, he grew up in his maternal grandparents' home with his grandparents and his mother. The couple divorced when Fazal was 18. He studied at La Martiniere College in Lucknow and The Doon School in Dehradun.

In 2004, he participated in school plays and engaged in debates. He was selected for the role of Trinculo, the jester in the play "The Tempest" by William Shakespeare. It was a memorable role for him. Fazal went to Mumbai and graduated in economics from St. Xavier's College.


Victor Hernández Cruz

Victor Hernández Cruz is a Puerto Rican poet. He was born in Aguas Buenas, Puerto Rico. He moved to New York City with his family when he was five years old. He lives in Morocco and Puerto Rico.

Cruz is a member of the Nuyorican poetry movement of Puerto Rican poets who moved to New York City. Nuyorican poets, such as Pedro Pietri, Miguel Algarin, Miguel Pinero, and Giannina Braschi, write about immigrant life and hybrid latino culture. They multilingual literature. They write in Spanish, English, and Spanglish. 

Cruz has received fellowships from the Guggenheim Foundation and the National Endowment for the Arts. He was the first Puerto Rican poet to be a Chancellor of the Academy of American Poets.

He writes about New York City, traveling, the Caribbean, Puerto Rican history, and the immigrant experience. Cruz said in a television interview with Bill Moyers, “I write about myself as a Caribbean man, a man within a larger tapestry, and I try to see the connections between everything. Between myself and history, myself a racially mixed person, and all these things that make me up. I explore them in my poetry.”

Cruz published his first book, "Papo Got His Gun! And Other Poems", on a copying machine called the mimeograph. His later books were published by tradition publishing houses. His titles include: "Beneath the Spanish" (2017); "In the Shadow of Al-Andalus" (2011); "The Mountain in the Sea" (2006); "Red Beans" (1991); "Rhythm, Content, and Flavor: New and Selected Poems" (1989); "By Lingual Wholes" (1982); and "Snaps" (1969). 


Julia de Burgos

Julia de Burgos (February 17, 1914 – July 6, 1953) was a Puerto Rican poet. She was a Puerto Rican Nationalist. She advocated for civil rights for women, African Americans, and Afro-Caribbean people.

In 1938, at the age of twenty-four, Julia de Burgos published her first book of poems by herself. She traveled around Puerto Rico selling copies. She was raising money to help cover the cost of her mother’s cancer treatments. Her poems discuss themes of feminism, social justice, slavery, and Puerto Rican independence. 

She famously wrote, "I Am the Life, the Strength, the Woman." 

She influenced the poets of the Nuyorican movement, including Victor Hernández Cruz, Giannina Braschi, and Pedro Pietri.

She died of alcoholism in an East Harlem hospital in New York City. 

Today she is called a Puerto Rican icon. She is one of Puerto Rican greatest figures in Puerto Rican poetry.

De Burgos wrote "Poemas exactos a mi misma" (1937), "Poema en veinte surcos" (1938), and "Canción de la verdad sencilla" (1939). Her poem "El mar y tú: otros poemas" (1954) was published after her death. 

Her honors include awards from the Institute of Puerto Rican Literature. She has an honorary doctorate from the University of Puerto Rico. Many schools, public parks, and cultural centers are named after her, including: the Julia de Burgos Cultural Arts Center in Cleveland, the Julia de Burgos Latino Cultural Center in New York, and Julia de Burgos Park in Chicago. 

The Julia de Burgos postage stamp was issued on September 14, 2010, in San Juan, Puerto Rico. It is the 26th stamp in the United States Literary Arts series.



Spanglish (language)

Spanglish is a hybrid American language that mixes words and other ways of saying things from Spanish and English. It is mostly spoken in the United States.

Spanglish is spoken in American towns and cities that have large numbers of Latino people, for example Chicago, Los Angeles, Miami, Houston, Santa Fe, Newark, and New York. Spanglish is spoken by Spanish-speaking people who have moved to the United States from other countries and immigrants who are are still learning English. Many people born in the United States whose parents came from Spanish-speaking countries also speak Spanglish. An estimated that 40 million people in the United States speak Spanglish.

Spanglish is a source of pride in Latino identity. In "Living in Spanglish", Ed Morales wrote, "Spanglish is what we speak, but it is also who we Latinos are, and how we act, and how we perceive the world."

Latino literature in the United States has things written in Spanglish. Chicano, Nuyorican, and Puerto Rican poets, playwrights, and novelists use Spanglish. Here are some of them:


Many Latino and Latin American musicians use Spanglish in the words to their songs.


Spanglish duets are songs with Spanish and English lyrics. They are a growing trend in the American and Latin American music industry. These duets are sung by a native Spanish speaker and a native English speaker. Shakira and Beyonce, Romeo Santos and Usher, Justin Bieber and Daddy Yankee (in Luis Fonsi’s “Despacito”) have made the Billboard Hot 100 charts with Spanglish duets.


Stavans, Ilan, "Spanglish: The Making of a New American Language." (2004)

Quan Chi

Quan Chi is a character from the "Mortal Kombat" franchise.

Quan Chi is a nefarious free-roaming sorcerer and necromancer who is one of the Mortal Kombat series' main villains. He is first seen in MK Mythologies when he hires both Sub-Zero and his rival Scorpion to find a map leading to the amulet in hopes that they would meet in combat; indeed, Sub-Zero kills Scorpion in battle, after which Quan Chi eliminates Scorpion's Shirai Ryu clan and sends Sub-Zero to find the amulet, which is later revealed to be a fake while Quan Chi kept the real one for himself. After reviving Scorpion as an undead revenant, Quan Chi tells him that Sub-Zero was responsible for the deaths of his clan and family. He makes his playable debut in Mortal Kombat 4, in which he joins forces with disgraced Elder God Shinnok, who had been banished to the Netherealm by the thunder god Raiden after centuries of warring, in ruling the realm. He is the title character along with Shang Tsung in Mortal Kombat: Deadly Alliance (2002), in which he brokers a deal with Shang Tsung for his assistance in reviving the army of Onaga (the game's final boss) in exchange for souls that would preserve Shang Tsung's youth, then eliminate evil Outworld emperor Shao Kahn and the perennial Mortal Kombat champion Liu Kang. They kill Raiden's Earthrealm defenders, but the partnership dissolves when Shang Tsung attempts to steal Shinnok's amulet to take control of Onaga's army for himself. In his futile attempt to stop Onaga, Raiden sacrifices himself by triggering a violent explosion and seemingly killing the Deadly Alliance as well. In Mortal Kombat: Armageddon (2006), Quan Chi attempts to acquire the godlike power of the elemental Blaze. During the battle royal among the combatants on the Pyramid of Argus in the game's opening cinematic sequence, Quan Chi wounds Kenshi in battle before Shang Tsung (disguised as Ermac) throws him off the pyramid. In the game's training mode, Quan Chi suggests that he, Shang Tsung, Shao Kahn, and Onaga work together to defeat the forces of good, but is secretly serving as a double agent for Shinnok.

After Raiden reset the timeline in Mortal Kombat (2009), Quan Chi is present at the Shaolin Tournament from the outset, with the resurrected Scorpion serving as his personal assassin. They join forces in the tournament to face the Shaolin monk Liu Kang, but both are defeated. During the second tournament in Shao Kahn's Outworld arena, Quan Chi and Shang Tsung join forces against Kung Lao but are defeated. In the retold events of Mortal Kombat 3 therein, Quan Chi revives the deceased Queen Sindel (as an undead minion) in order to enable Shao Kahn to invade Earthrealm, after having resurrected the dead elder Sub-Zero — killed by Scorpion in the first tournament — as the wraith Noob Saibot to assist him in his plans. He later constructs a Soulnado to take every soul on Earth, but his plans are thwarted by Nightwolf. After Sindel massacres the Earthrealm warriors assembled to stop Shao Kahn's takeover, Raiden seeks cooperation between Earth and the Netherealm by offering Quan Chi their souls as compensation, but Quan Chi has transformed them into his revenant slaves. However, he inadvertently causes Shao Kahn's downfall when he reveals the Elder Gods are obligated to stop the tyrant for failing to honor Mortal Kombat's rules. Raiden kills Shao Kahn and halts his invasion, but Quan Chi makes preparations for Shinnok's invasion, leading Netherrealm's forces in attacking the weakened Earthrealm and Outworld. In Mortal Kombat X (2015), Quan Chi uses the Earthrealm revenants to aid him in retrieving Shinnok's amulet over the course of two years. Though he succeeds in doing so with the aid of D'Vorah, he is decapitated by the resurrected Hanzo Hasashi (Scorpion) once he learns the sorcerer conspired with the Lin Kuei ninja Sektor to kill the Shirai Ryu.

In Mortal Kombat 1, Quan Chi returns to live as part of the new era after Liu Kang replaced Kronika as titan of time and rewrited destiny. In Liu Kang's new timeline, Quan Chi led a meaningless life in the mines before being contacted by "Damashi", who helps him learn his sorcerer abilities. He begins working with Shang Tsung and General Shao to deceive Empress Sindel into turning against Earthrealm and preparing a coup to overthrow her. While creating Ermac, Quan Chi attempts to prepare a soul stealer to unleash on Earthrealm before he is stopped by Ashrah. One of the souls that escapes the contraptions attacks him, partially devouring his life force, resulting in his skin turning white. After discovering that Damashi is Titan Shang Tsung, who is intent on killing everyone in the timeline, Quan Chi and Shang Tsung assist Liu Kang in stopping him. During the final battle, Titan Shang Tsung summons a Titan Quan Chi to assist him, but both ultimately lose. Afterwards, Quan Chi is imprisoned in Outworld but is freed by Ermac. Left without allies, he returns to the Netherrealm and begins plotting to take the Hourglass for himself.

The character was well-liked, but his Fatalities were mixed.

Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga

Lego Star Wars: The Complete Saga is a 2007 action-adventure LEGO video game based on the "Star Wars" original and prequel trilogies. In the game, you can play the first six Star Wars movies. It is released on Xbox 360, PlayStation 3 and Wii. It has later been released on the PC and can also be found on the App Store.

The game is considered better than the original two due to merged characters and gameplay.

The game was developed by Traveller's Tales and published by LucasArts.

Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time

Prince of Persia: The Sands of Time is a 2003 action-adventure video game made by Ubisoft.

The Prince can reverse or slow down time with the Dagger of Time after he collects sand.

The Prince has opened the Sands of Time thanks to the Vizier.

The game was well-liked and an influential game of 2003.

Spider-Man (2000 video game)

Spider-Man is an action-adventure video game made by Neversoft. It can be played on the PlayStation, Sega Dreamcast and Nintendo 64. The game is based on the Marvel Comics superhero Spider-Man. there is another game "" that came out in 2001.

Spider-Man can attack enemies with his webs or punches. Once you beat the game, a What-If mode narrated by the Watcher (voiced by Laurence Fishburne) has funnier things in the walkthrough.

The game was made with the engine for Tony Hawk's Pro Skater.

The game is considered one of the best Spider-Man games of all time, rivalling Spider-Man 2.

Gernot Roll

Gernot Roll (9 April 1939 – 12 November 2020) was a German cinematographer and movie director. He was born in Dresden, Germany. He worked with Edgar Reitz and Sönke Wortmann.

His best known works were "The Last Escape", "Zero Hour", "The Buddenbrooks", "Heimat", "Der bewegte Mann", "Beyond Silence" and "Nowhere in Africa".

Roll died on 12 November 2020 in Munich at the age of 81.


Edgar Reitz

Edgar Reitz (born 1 November 1932) is a German movie director, screenwriter and movie producer.

He is a Professor of Film at the Staatliche Hochschule für Gestaltung (State University of Design) in Karlsruhe.



Alan Glazier

Alan John Glazier (21 January 1939 – 12 November 2020) was an English professional darts player. He used the nickname "The Ton Machine" and was known for his all-black outfits. He was born in London. 

Glazier managed to reach the final of the News of the World Darts Championship in 1979 and won the Swedish Open in 1978.

Glazier quit the BDO in 1997.

Glazier died on 12 November 2020 at the age of 81.

Waqar Ahmed Seth

Waqar Ahmed Seth (16 March 1961 – 12 November 2020) was a Pakistani politician and lawyer. He was the Chief Justice of Peshawar High Court from 28 June 2018 until his death. On 2 August 2011, he became a Justice Peshawar High Court.

He was in charge over the special court which heard the high treason case against Pervez Musharraf and one of the two judges on a three judge panel who convicted Musharraf of this crime and sentenced him to death. This was the first time in Pakistan's history that a military dictator was convicted of high treason.

Seth died on 12 November 2020 in Islamabad from COVID-19, aged 69.

The F Word (South Park)

The F Word is a 2009 episode of South Park season 13.

Eric Cartman is not happy that the Harley Davidson drivers are around. He calls them faggots.

The episode got mixed reviews.

Łask

Łask (; ) is a town in central Poland. 17,604 people have lived here as of 2016. It is the capital of Łask County. It is in the Łódź Voivodeship.

Three-Fifths Compromise

In 1787, the US constitutional convention looked at the problem of counting its population. The population of a state determines the influence a state can take in a presidential election. The convention also looked at the problem of counting slaves: If they were counted, the state would have more power in the election, the taxes the state would have to pay to the government would also be higher. The Three-Fifths Compromise was that three out of every five slaves would be counted, in other words, black slaves were counted as three fifths of a human being. The compromise of counting "all other persons" as only three-fifths of their actual numbers reduced the representation of the slave states relative to the original proposals, but improved it over the Northern position. An inducement for slave states to accept the Compromise was its tie to taxation in the same ratio, so that the burden of taxation on the slave states was also reduced.

A contentious issue at the 1787 Constitutional Convention was whether slaves would be counted as part of the population in determining representation of the states in the Congress or would instead be considered property and, as such, not be considered for purposes of representation. Delegates from states with a large population of slaves argued that slaves should be considered persons in determining representation, but as property if the new government were to levy taxes on the states on the basis of population. Delegates from states where slavery had become rare argued that slaves should be included in taxation, but not in determining representation.

The proposed ratio was, however, a ready solution to the problem that arose during the Constitutional Convention. In amending the Articles, the North wanted slaves to count for more than the South did because the objective was to determine taxes paid by the states to the federal government. In the Constitutional Convention, the more important issue was representation in Congress, so the South wanted slaves to count for more than the North did.

911 (Lady Gaga song)

"911" is a song by American recording artist Lady Gaga, from her sixth studio album, "Chromatica" (2020). It was released as the album's third single on September 18, 2020. The song is a Euro disco, synth-pop and electropop song. "911" is about the antipsychotic medication Gaga takes. It was written by Gaga with Madeon, BloodPop, and Justin Tranter, while Madeon, BloodPop, and Benjamin Rice produced it.

The music video shows Gaga surviving a near-deadly car accident and the thoughts that follow. It contains references to the movies "The Color of Pomegranates" and "8½."

Masatoshi Koshiba

He was Senior Counselor of International Center for Elementary Particle Physics (ICEPP) and Emeritus Professor of University of Tokyo. 

Koshiba died on November 12, 2020 in Tokyo at the age of 94.

Justin Cronin (politician)

Justin R. Cronin (October 9, 1980 – November 11, 2020) was an American politician. He was a Republican member of the South Dakota House of Representatives from January 2009 until his resignation in August 2019. He was born in Sioux Falls, South Dakota.

Cronin died on November 11, 2020 in Gettysburg, South Dakota at the age of 40.

Gettysburg, South Dakota

Gettysburg is a city and county seat of Potter County, South Dakota, United States. The population was 1,104 at the 2020 census.

Lucille Soong

Lucille Soong (born August 15, 1938) is a Chinese-American actress. She is best known for her main role as Grandma Huang in the television series "Fresh Off the Boat" (2015–2020). She was born in Beijing.

Freaky Friday (2003 movie)

Freaky Friday is a 2003 American fantasy comedy movie directed by Mark Waters and written by Heather Hach and Leslie Dixon.

It is based on Mary Rodgers' 1972 novel of the same name. It stars Jamie Lee Curtis and Lindsay Lohan.

The movie was released in theaters on August 6, 2003, by Walt Disney Pictures and Buena Vista Pictures.

The movie also earned Curtis a Golden Globe nomination for Best Actress in a Motion Picture Musical or Comedy . 

Mary Rodgers

Mary Rodgers (January 11, 1931 – June 26, 2014) was an American composer, author, and screenwriter. She was known for her novel "Freaky Friday". Her best-known musicals were "Once Upon a Mattress" and "The Mad Show".

Rodgers died from heart failure at her home in Manhattan on June 26, 2014 at the age of 83.

